I love  the acts bought to this place what I don't like is the way ticket holders were treated this New Year's Eve. Let me first preface this by saying I purchased my ticket as soon as the NYE headliner was announced.I decided that this year because I was going by myself and not staying in town like I did last year when I came to Helium and  saw their midnight show I would purchase a general admissions ticket..This year II received an invite in my email for free food before the show. I decide to skip that and just head on out to the 8p show. I arrived at 730p and was told to wait outside because I had a general admission ticket not a reserved ticket . Hence the process of being treat like a red headed step child begins.Why was I not greeted and told to sit at the bar? The girl who checked my ticket was very dismissive and handed me  ticket back and walked away. I knew right then and there this place had over booked and was trying to work around it.When they finally let us in  Three young girls and a the male they were with  tried to push their way ahead of the people in line. I loudly reminded them they needed to get behind the 3 people ahead of me  I was given a corner seat while reserve seats went unfilled.I asked the usher  to change my seat 2 times.He seemed annoyed. The good part. The headline  comedian was smart enough to observe unfilled seats and he let a couple that were jammed in the corner come up front and sit in those seats. My drink was decently made.The salsa  and chips I ordered was not .They went  untouched. As I said before the acts bought to this place are decent... but seating system sucks and once again we have a case of management that does not have a clue how to organize and run an event  for a busy night. Oh yeah one more thing we were given a free pass to visit back on a Weds or Thursday night. Only the big acts play on the weekends. If anyone wants the pass let me know.I've been here about a dozen times over the past couple of years. It's always a fun night. I don't actually follow a lot of famous comedians, so almost every time I've gone to Helium it's because my friends and I just felt like going out for some laughs. For that, it has always delivered.
-The $5 amateur open mic every Tuesday night is a bargain! You see about 20 aspiring comedians, from polished regulars to nervous first timers - it is really a grab bag. There is still the 2-item minimum but we usually either just make that our dinner, or plan drinks and dessert there. The open mic night is never crowded either, and as I assume most the audience is the comedians' friends/family, the atmosphere is pretty supportive and good-hearted. Drawback to this is if you go frequently, you'll end up seeing a lot of the same people doing the same jokes.
-Food is OK, nothing noteworthy or unusual but it is satisfying and generously portioned. My only gripe is the salsa served with the nachos tastes like it came out of a jar. I do like to order something like nachos that will last a while, as a diversion in case things get awkward on stage.
-Service can be uneven. It's really nothing to ruin my night or keep me from returning, but I can almost count on something going wrong each time. Once I asked for an extra glass of water that was never brought. Once I asked for no jalapenos on my nachos, but there were jalapenos on my nachos. Once I asked for honey mustard for my chicken fingers, and got no sauce at all. And seems like there's almost always an issue with the checks. No matter how many times my friend and I have asked for separate checks, we are still brought a combined check or one time, separate checks but with our items mixed up and we still had to shuffle cash around. Now I always just bring cash so I can pay my friend back if necessary. Actually the last time I was there, everything went smoothly (knock on wood?).
-Also, based on experience I strongly suggest viewing the menu in advance and ordering EVERYTHING you think you'll want ALL AT ONCE, even any desserts or additional drinks. Don't count on being able to order anything additional mid-show. It's not like a restaurant where your server keeps checking on you. You'll definitely see a server at least 4 times: once before the show to order, once to bring your order to the table, once to bring your check near the end of the show, and once to collect payment. Whether you see them at any other times may depend on how busy it is and how big the crowd is. This is actually OK with me because I don't want to be interrupted a bunch of times during a show, but it is something to be aware of.
-Crowdedness - The ramp/hall to get from the main entrance down to the performance area can be a bottleneck before and after bigger shows. The showroom is packed as close as possible during popular shows too, so you may end up sharing your tiny table with strangers.
-Prices - average I guess, I usually end up spending between $25-35 on about 3 items. The fancy cocktails are around $9-11 but they are tasty and strong.
-Temperature of the showroom is always on the cold side in my opinion so bring a sweater.
-Don't get caught using your phone during the show, especially not in the front row, unless you want to get heckled! I've seen this happen and it was sooo awkward.
Overall a fun time, especially if you know what to expect before you go.Todd Glass was horrible. An angry man who has lost all relevance. I don't need a 20 minute dissertation about how to listen to your set. A ton of shtick and boring jokes, even the two piece band looked like they were falling asleep. We decided to leave halfway through because we enjoy comedy and he was strangling it to death. Other than that the service was great and we will be back just never to see Todd Glass.If I'm not going somewhere strictly for food and drinks, I generally find it hard to write a review about it.  I'll make the exception here because I've frequented this place a few times over the past month due to all sorts of events I get lured into by marketing emails.
Don't fret about the 2 drink minimum- it's really a 2 item minimum, so last night I got coffee and apple cobbler.  The apple cobbler was actually super delicious but I've heard mixed reviews about the other food (overpriced and bland).  Drinks are reasonably priced, nothing out of the ordinary- just don't expect any types of happy hour specials or deals cause they don't have any.
The waitresses are really, really on point.  I feel the need to stress that because at venues like this, they can easily get lost in the crowd and avoid you for most of the night.  But here, especially during large events (last night's was a live taping), they made sure to staff enough people so as to accommodate everyone.  And they didn't miss a beat.  I hardly ever had to flag our girl down and she was very quick and quiet so we didn't miss the performances. 
For the acts themselves, the stage is tiny and the seating is too close for comfort, but I've never had a bad time here.  The quality they churn out of this place is unexpected and fresh.  You might get a few bad seeds from time to time, but the emcees (who are usually funnier than the real acts) know how to loosen up the crowd and lighten the mood.
The venue itself is dark and outdated, but there's a nice lounge outside the viewing area to grab a drink or two before and after the performances (plus strike up a conversation with the comics!)  The swanky lighting and layout fools you into potentially turning your weeknight dinner and a show into a drunken all-nighter, so be forewarned.Check in correction: headliner was jimmy pardo (not Bobby). My first time at the venue. I love the venue--very inmate and caters to the idealistic comedy club idea. The service could've been A LOT better but it seemed to be a fluke that the server in our section was MIA compared to others. I'd definitely go back.This place blows. Came here for a show. Started off with some drinks and food. Drinks sucked, food sucked, service was horrendous. Once our server dropped off our food and drinks, she disappeared. No where to be found. They have a 2 drink minimum but how am I suppose to order another drink if there's no one to take my order!??  The last comedian in the show was so terrible we wanted to leave to hit up a bar. About 10 minutes prior to the show ending, our magician server reappeared. We asked for the check but she refused to get it bc "they were not allowed" to close tabs during the show. WTF is that BS?!? The show finally ended, I closed my tab and spent about 20 min with the manager explaining to him how shitty our server and experience was. Apparently I could have went to the bar to close my tab, of course our server didn't tell us that. The manager was very nice and tried to comp me with freebies. I declined bc I have no intention to ever return here.Great venue for comedy. The place is pretty spacious with two bars in the front to lounge in until the show starts. All seats have a good view of the stage and there is no echo to throw off sound. The food is nothing to write home about and drink prices a little steeper than I am used to but nothing too terrible.Great little comedy joint in the heart of the city. There's not really get a bad seat in the house--a nice view from all angles. There's a sign that says two-drink min. but they don't really check so sit back, relax and enjoy the show. Plus, the food here is pretty good too. 
Beware it can get crowded and if you're seeing a show that's running Thurs-Sat.--go on Thurs, the tickets are usually the cheapest!I only can't give 5 since I did not see a show but I can't wait to. Was in town with Craig Robinson and the Nasty Delicious and the staff, venue, vibe, food, drinks, and all the rest was amazing. Made me proud to be from Philly and I can't wait to get back to support some local acts. helium you rock such a great night!I enjoyed the show at Helium, however, the "security" is rude and awful. My friends and I were enjoying the show and laughing and this representative of the Helium Establishment came up to us twice about "talking"... We were laughing at the show. He ruined the show for us and I may never come to an event here again. It's a shame that Helium cannot employ people that know what comedy is and permit people to enjoy the event. This person was a nuisance and ruined my night.Helium's a great place to catch a swell comedy act, as we did when the Sklar Bros were in town.  Tickets were purchased online, and we opted to pick them up early, scoring what they call "A" tix, their way of rewarding the early pick-ups with priority seating.  If you're a tiny person like me, don't worry about not being able to see the stage since the mainstage room has views from just about every corner.  Be prepared to stack on top of each other at the centre tables though.
The main act was obviously a riot.  The opening local acts were equally great and I'm glad to see Helium's huge on supporting the local talent in the city.  Staff was super friendly without being an annoyance during the show.
We had the mac and cheese trio (meh), hot alcoholic coffees (passable), and brownie dessert (yum).  Would definitely recommend eating elsewhere prior to the show and fulfilling the two-item requirement with dessert and drinks.  That way, the booze glasses help out with a potentially dud show.2 item minimum per individual.. but they didn't charge a fee if you didn't meet it. Drinks bought at the bar does not go towards the 2 items.I will NEVER patronize this establishment again.  I have held 2 major corporate events at this comedy club giving thousands of dollars n both times when i bring individual persons there to enjoy a show it was problems.  You can laugh at the jokes but dont laugh too loud or the low budget security threatens to throw you out.  I could not believe it.What started off as a happy/fun night was ruined by the waitress in our section.
A few minutes before the auditorium doors opened I got a cocktail for me and my wife. We were escorted to our reserved seats drinks in hand. Soon after we were seated our waitress (who seemed nice at the time) took our order for a cheese plate. The cheese plate was nothing special with a few grocery store type cheeses (Swiss, cheddar, etc.). 
Halfway through the headliners act the waitress said we needed to order three more items because there is a two item minimum per person. I pointed at our two drinks and she said "I didn't ring those up, the cheese plate counts as one item, so you'll have to order three more things". I was fuming mad...I already purchased three items from this establishment and would have been happy to purchase one more. 
My advice to anyone going to Helium...DON'T PATRONIZE THE TWO BARS OUTSIDE THE MAIN AUDITORIUM.
Greed and vague policies are not the best way to woo customers.Tonight was my first night at Helium. Before heading out I read the reviews here and was admittedly a little hesitant because there are quite a few dauntingly negative reviews. My experience was to the contrary. I got to the show a half hour early with reserved setting. We had a party of 8 and were only 3 rows back, dead center. Our waitress was prompt, friendly, and didn't leave me waiting when I was finished with my beer. The host, Conrad Roth, was extremely funny as well as the opener Stephen (who I am racking my brain to remember his last name). Adam Ferrara killed it and there was a great vibe in the entire audience. I am definitely going again.We went for Todd Glass' annual return to Philly and enjoyed the show very much.  Luckily, we were seated up front so we got to occasionally be in the show.  I must admit, my addiction to my iPhone was cured during this trip.  I was caught texting and Todd was sure to comment on it - addiction cured.
The food will fill you up and that's sufficient as it's a comedy club not a top tier restaurant.  I had the Chicken and Avacado Panini which met my needs to have something to go with my Dogfish Head brews.  Overall a good spot and definitely a great place to catch a comedian.I've been here three times now. I saw Rob Riggle, Charlie Murphy, and now J.B. Smooth. I've liked the comedians, so they do a good job of getting in talent. The staff have been friendly. Not a fan of the cattle lines they make in getting people seated, but I've not had a bad seat yet. So there you go. Not sure if part of getting a good seat is feeling like a cow ahead of time. May be. The reason for three stars is that something about the atmosphere doesn't cut it for me. Can't put my finger on it but it is there. Compare the Improv in DC. That place has a good vibe. So, go for the comedians but don't expect the best audiences or the best atmosphere.I like things that make me laugh. I like people who make me laugh and I like places where I can laugh...a lot. For these reasons, I really really like Helium. After having been to comedy clubs in New York City and more recently in Boston (ok, a theater not a club but still...), I've learned that what I really want out of a comedy show (in addition to the comedian) is the ability to get up and pee and a decent drink list...Helium has what I need. Where places like Comedy Cellar and Wilbur Theater pack their guests in like sardines, Helium offers you your own table with room to scoot if you must (even if you're sharing the table with other guests). Where Carolines offers $15 cocktails, you can still get a reasonably priced craft beer at Helium for under $7. Where other comedy clubs require a 2-drink minimum per person, Helium has a 2-item minimum so if you're a soda drinker and appetizer nosher you still meet the criteria. The place could use a better traffic flow as the doors get jammed up for general admission and trying to get to the bathroom from the bar is damn near impossible, but otherwise a pretty sizable space for enjoying yourself both in and out of the theater. It's great that many comedians choose to step out of the theater after the late show to meet and greet guests and more often than not last minute tickets are able to be purchased at the door so if you're looking for a fun weekend event check their lineup and get ready for a good giggle.Love this place. Been here twice, its run very well. Good staff. The acts are as good as you'll find anywhere. 
Good clean venue. Tables and seating offer good sight lines and room for drinks and food.My first time at Helium to see J B Smoov.
Pros: Intimate setting so there's really no seat in the house that's bad.  Considering how full the house was, the servers were really good at bringing us drinks and snacks during the show without being intrusive.
Cons: Intimacy can be good, but also means you are sitting on top of each other inside the club.I live pretty close to the city.  I have been here more than 10 times.  I've seen comics such as Joe Rogan, Bert Kreischer, Norm MacDonald, Dave Attell, Greg Proops, etc.  They have some pretty big names come through here.  This comedy venue is extremely intimate because of the size.  It's pretty incredible to be able to see your favorite comedians in an environment like this.  I will say, I have had the privilege of sitting either front row or second row every time.  This may skew my idea of the room, as there is not much to complain about when you have seats that close.  Helium makes you purchase two drinks as a minimum which is fairly standard.  The food is pretty good.  All around, I think this place is really good and I will continue to come here.Great experience here.  Drinks were well made food was good and decent pricing. Quaint, intimate seating.  Will be going back soon$5 dollar open mike night? Awesome!  
Very intimate seating and small stage really makes you feel that you are with the comic instead of wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy far awayyyyyyyyyyy as some of the larger venues that the bigger acts play. 
Required 2 item minimum.  I wondered what would happen if I didn't meet that, would I get kicked out?  I didn't really see the staff pressuring anyone to make sure they get those 2 things in.   I went with the French Kiss ( Kahlua, amaretto, hot coffee and hot chocolate) and the mac & cheese trio.  I wasn't really impressed with the mac and cheese.  Not for $10.  But they definitely have other things on the menu that if I ever go back, I would be fine.I have to agree with DJ...who cares about the food. Be glad they even have any for you to munch on. Its a comedy club. C-O-M-E-D-Y. 
Anyway as far as COMEDY clubs go this is probably the best one I've visited in multiple states. The door price is usually around $25 and $30 if you want reserve seating near the front. They have a great area to hang if you are going to the 10:30pm show and the 8pm hasn't let out yet. If the 10:30pm show is sold out you might have to stand but whatever. Its standing. It not riding a unicycle. 
They are quite efficient at seating people once the doors open. The main room has a great layout and no matter where you are you have a good view of the stage. I would say the room holds about 250 people comfortably. The service has always been very nice and very fast. The drinks are also reasonably priced. Some comedy clubs will bang you over the head with drink prices. Our bill after 6 Grey Goose / cranberry and an order of spinach dip was $42. That to me is a good deal.  
We were there once again on Saturday to see Laurence Mullaney and Kevin Brennan. Helium's shows have never let us down. They always have top notched acts. 
My only complaint about Helium is their website. They only list the headliners and never the supporting acts. I don't know why that is. I might just go out if I know a decent support guy is up there...but I can never get that info from the website.I like to go to standing comedy show. I have been ones in NYC and LA only before coming to this once. 
From my past experience, comedy clubs were very pushy with minimum purchase. They were kept asking if I order another drink to have 2 drink minimum.  It's their rule so I was fine with it. 
At least this place did not have that push. Actually was so hard to order our bar snack lol because the venue was so full and so hard to get attention from waitress. Well it's very refreshing haha 
We went there for special guest Bobby Lee comedy show. He was funny as I expected. Thought the opening guy was even funnier though. 
Now I will go back there for Margaret Cho show next month. I am super excited!I like your comedy shows but HATE YOUR $2 minimum. I ALREADY PAID FOR THE SHOW!!First time I have been...I was there for the final day of Gary Owen's show...the first set at 7pm. The location was a bit warm (I had a tube top on and was warm) and the drinks could've been a bit stronger....I had 2 margaritas...came out happy and lightly buzzed...Horrible Horrible Horrible x1000! Do people not listen when you speak to them anymore? My husband's birthday was last week and a group of us all had plans to go to Helium for some laughter. I got home from work and pulled out my coupon for admission for 6 to Helium on Wed or Thurs (I received it from a silent auction during Taste of the Nation). My husband reread the terms and it stated "Reservations are required" Crap!! 
So I get on the phone and said "Tonight is my husband's birthday and my entire party is on their way to your club to celebrate. I did not know reservations are required until I just reread the coupon. Would I still be able to make reservations for tonight?" Guy over the phone says that I could and takes down my information and then tells me to not be there any later than 7:30 as the show starts at 8. That was fine because we were planning on getting drinks and appetizers at the bar there. We arrive a little bit after 6:30 but before 7, and the door was locked and inside was pitch black. Ok....weird! So we went somewhere else to get some drinks. We came back at 7:30, and the same thing (locked and dark). Left again and came back at 8 (DARK AND LOCKED!!!!!) I called them that night, left a short message regarding what happened. I then opened the email confirmation the box office guy sent and he booked us for the following night! What happened when I said "tonight"? Why didn't he tell me there was no show tonight and they had something the next night?
The next morning, I tried calling again, and no answer again. So, I emailed them what happened. It's been 4 days and I have not received a call or an email back yet. No apology or anything! My husband's birthday was a game of waiting and leaving and waiting and leaving. Such a waste of time!Finally, a comedy club that brings in comics I like!  The place is clean and well-organized.  Unlike some comedy clubs, the tables and chairs have room to move; they don't pack people like sardines.  Instead of a 2-drink minimum, you have to order two items. You can get a drink and food, or--for those who don't drink--just have a snack and a beverage.
Even the locals who opened for the national act we saw were funny.  I was impressed.
You can also just stop into the bar for great happy hour specials.Of the comedy clubs I have visited in Philly, Helium is definitely my favorite. The performance space is very open with decent site lines and comfortable table seating (which is more than I can say for Laff House). There is also a bar with a small lounge area that makes for a great preshow/happy hour hang out space. Drinks are a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.
It's usually not too packed on the weekdays, but there are decent acts almost every night. 
I recommend signing up for their email list if you are a fan of live comedy. They often send out 2 for 1 ticket offers which are valid for some decent national act shows. This makes the 2 drink minimum a little easier to digest.Good time, good laughs. Looooots of people. Tight space with people slightly cramped on, but still fun. 
Make sure to pick up your ticket at the box office first then get in line to get into the showroom. They don't accept confirmation emails at the doors, only tickets. You can reserve a seat if you book in advance. 
Line may be long so arrive early!Helium is a great comedy club. The layout is pretty atypical in that there is plenty of elbow room and all the seats seem to allow a great view of the stage. Drink and food prices are also atypically reasonable for a comedy club. 
During my first visit to Helium before the show started I noticed a big obnoxious high-fiving yuppie pile right up front and center. I could foresee an imminent conflict between these clueless dickholes and headliner Brian Posehn's "nerd rage" brand of comedy. After a few annoying interactions with the opening comedians, a burly bouncer kicked a couple of them right the fuck out. They weren't forcibly removed, but it was still pretty sweet.Very good selection of comedians every night as expected. Did there open mic night and tickets were only $5 at the door and were funny as hell. Good beer and food selection too!Some friends invited us to Helium with them, so they wouldn't have to share a table with some strangers.  The four of us set out and arrived two hours early to get our tickets.  We left to hit up food somewhere else and then came back.  A line formed to get in, but I don't know why people cared that much.  Almost everyone in the line, who were the first ones there had seats all the way in the back.  I'm not sure where the reserved tickets and general admission end, but we were off to the side.  There was a two item minimum at our table, but we easily met those requirements.  Drinks prices were alright.  The opening comedians were funny and the main event was enjoyable too.  A decent night out, but I'm in no rush to come back.  It's a lot of work to have a mediocre seat.  Maybe I'm spoiled by movie theaters and sporting events which assign you a seat ahead of time...Kahlua and cream was way, way too strong. Bartenders need to be trained. I don't know how the show is yet.comedian was....... whatever it was free. two item minimum. waitress tried to play me i ask for a water with my two food items and she was like trying to push me to buy a bottled water... I'm like tap honey... tap will work just fine.Saw Justin Wilman 9/30/16. The doorman was pleasant. He did his job and asked for ID's but was very nice about it, not rude in the least. The inside seemed simple but clean and cool looking. The box office people were pleasant too. One of the bartenders was a bit dismissive. Waiters and other staff were also pleasant. The showroom is larger than expected. Had an app, pizza and beer. The beer was good and the food was much better than expected at a comedy club. The opener was funny, solid. The middler was really funny and then Justin did a great job as headliner. The show ran very slightly overtime, which was fine. Waiting for Justin after the show at meet and greet no one tried to kick us out too quickly. All and all it was a very good experience. I'd go back and would recommend the club to others who want to have fun for 90 plus minutes.I've been here a couple times, once for a show by touring comedians, and once for an open mic night. Both were enjoyable. The audience area in the performance room is set up in the standard comedy club way, with small tables, chairs facing forward. The two-item minimum, while still annoying, is better than a two-drink minimum - diet sodas count, if you're trying to avoid alcohol/calories/spending money. I haven't tried the food, but it seems pretty generic. Would definitely rather eat before or after the show, in one of the many places in the area with better food. The service was fine - quick once the room started to fill up and mostly unobtrusive.Worst comedy club ever. .rude, terrible employees, who ruin the show..it's a straight money grab. .take your money then threaten to kick you out for talking at a whisper. .don't ever go here. .trust meThe space is a lot bigger than it looks from the outside. The layout is a lot like Caroline's on Broadway, and there aren't really any bad seats where you can't see what's going on. 
We were actually there on comped tickets, but still had to meet the two item per person minimum, and it was not a cheap night. The saving grace is that food is included, so you're not forced to get the drinks if you don't want. But get the drinks we did, and they were quite tasty, and not too stingy on the booze. I just don't know how I would've felt about it with the ticket price on top of it all.I visited this establishment to see a buddy of mine do amateur standup on 7/12/2014. Extremely dark, which makes it hard to see your menu BEFORE the show.  Ticket cost me at least $26 to see amateurs before their 5-minute stand up routine.  However, in addition you must also purchase a minimum of 2 items, which is at least $5 per item. I ordered a chicken pesto panini, which costs an exorbitant $11 (which includes fries). 
The second item I ordered was a bottle of Smirnoff Ice which cost $6.50. I ordered a beer that cost at least $6 in the bar area before the show, but apparently that didn't count toward the "mandatory" two-item purchase.  I put the "mandatory" in quotes because the young woman next to me didn't purchase anything and nothing was said or done about it.  How does this establishment enforce the two item rule?  I suspect they don't so in addition to paying a hefty $25+ to see amateurs do stand up, I paid an additional $20+ for food and drink.  I doubt I will go again, it's just not worth my time and money.   Also, the music in the bar area was way too loud, I couldn't hear myself think!I have been to two shows here are both were amazing! The tickets for national acts are between $26.00-$30.00+ per ticket.
The openers are usually local and really entertaining!! Their is a two item minimum per person in the dinning room. Be prepared for your evening to cost you around $100.00 for a party of two plus tip (tickets, food, drink etc) 
That being said.... it is totally worth it!! 
My fiance and I went to see Natasha Leggero months ago and last weekend we saw Ryan Hamilton!!
 I just found out they do a Saturday Night midnight show with 12 local comics called the dirty dozen for $12.00... I will definitely be checking that out!!!
The food is okay... I have enjoyed the appetizers more than the entrees. The spinach dip and boneless wings are pretty darn good on the spectrum of bar food! 
If you have never seen live comedy... do yourself a favor and check it out!!We went as a group of 12 with reserved seating. It was extremely tight in there. The staff was nice and was very observant about what was going on in the crowd and stopped any unnecessary talking and cell phone use. Our waiter was overwhelmed and the first round of drinks too so long to get, when he came back everyone ordered their next two rounds. It's a little pricey but that expected. 
Probably wouldn't go back but only because of the seating being so tight. 
The comedians were funny.Well, it's hard to give the actual place a solid rating...as I think the show(s) you go to has a lot  to do with your opinion of the place.  I have only been there once, and I would give infinite stars for the performer....Charlie Murphy! Seriously, he is amazing, and if you have a chance to go see him live, don't miss it!  That being said, they pull in some amazing artists if you keep watch on their venue.  As for the place itself, I am not sure that I would give it a whole 3 stars? ....There are all kinds of order minimums per guest (and considering I don't drink any alcohol or drink/eat anything that is not vegan it was annoying to HAVE to order 2 minimums and waste like $15 or whatever it was for 2 bottles of water I didnt want.  Also, the seats are not comfy...basic diner chairs.  We order our tickets ahead of time online, and were told we HAD to be there at least 30 minutes early, or our tickets would be up for sale.  what??? Didn't really get this logic.  They are already paid for, so they are trying to sell them twice if you are not 30 minutes early???I went to see a recording of Doug Loves Movies and was so excited! The bartender was great, our waiter was wonderful but then I pulled out my phone to take a photo of Doug Benson to send to my 11 year old son (not realizing I wasn't allowed to since they didn't say anything and it's not on the ticket confirmation) only to be yelled at and humiliated by a rude bouncer. Instead of saying "you aren't allowed to use your phone.." He yelled at me, stood over me while he watched me delete my photos and threatened me. So, I was about to tweet (without disturbing those around me) and he come over and threatened me again and told me to put my phone away - mind you...others were tweeting and snapping pics, but for some reason this man decided he wanted to bully a 40 year old mom. The manger was very nice and comped our drinks and gave me vouchers, but I only wanted an apology from the bouncer. I will never return again and gladly drive up to NYC instead to see Doug Benson. But, the way I was treated was horrible and I am not going to let it go since it ruined my time and those with me.We've been here a few times. The comedians are hilarious. We've seen a few top notch comedians there. The seating process is a disorganized disaster. They make you line up and wait especially if you are attending the later show. There are several bars where you can wait but there is just not enough seating so you end up standing. Once you are in the club, they pack you in and seat you with other people/couples/strangers. Despite being squished & hot, it's a great activity to do when you're in Philly because of they talent they get. We will go back.After my husband made 3 phone calls and left messages with the girl who answered he is still waiting for a call back from the manager. That was back in October!!!
My husband and I bought 6 tickets for Sebastien Maniscalco. Unfortunately, the 2 other couples were unable to go. As soon as we arrived we let them know and they said that if we gave the tickets to the door guys that they would sell them for us since it was a sold out show and Sebastian Maniscalco was popular. My husband agreed and handed over the tickets. They told him to check back to see if they sold, which he did about 10 minutes into the show. My husband was told that 2 sold and was given cash for the two tickets. Once again, he was told to check back to see if the remaining tickets sold. As this was going on, we were watching more people being let in and chairs being added to more tables. My husband went to check again and the guy tells him they did not sell. So my husband asks for the 2 tickets back, since we had paid for them. The guy refuses to give them back and makes up some BS story that the manager has them. So my husband asks to see the manager and surprise, she is not available. They tell my husband he will get a phone call. Well that never came so my husband called them... Manager was never in and never returned the repeated phone messages he left! Hey lady, we are still waiting for your call! We will never return to your business!The place is great...charming even.  But the management of tickets is not well handled. We were visiting Philly in December from Toronto...we lined up to see Gary Gulman & were told by the bouncer that all ticket & non-ticket holders have to line up. Then someone called out about reserved seats...which didn't help those of us who understand "online tickets"...after much confusion from the staff we were finally escorted into the right area...oh what a fiasco!!
Yes I agree the comedians are all great but the staff...well I beg to differ...I've been to a fair amount of comedy clubs and it's nice to see that Philly has one to be proud of. I just saw Marc Maron there and let me tell you, it was phenominal. 
The atmosphere is that of a comedy club, as in you get a bunch of people together to be entertained with a two drink minimum which then makes the live comedy happen. The crowd always adds something to the performance whether it be frustrating or just hilarious. If you see a real pro in their element, you'll get a richer experience. 
What can I say though, comedy is great and this is the place in town to find the big names.Helium is great!  They have diverse acts that come through, so there is something for everyone.  And they frequently offer big names as well as up-and-comers.  The process of getting tickets, arriving, and being seated is very organized, which I appreciate because I have been to other comedy clubs where it was more chaotic.  There is a 2 drink minimum per person which I have come to expect from comedy clubs, so I had no problem with that.  But that does mean that coming here for an evening of entertainment is not a cheap night on the town.  But all in all, a great experience and a neat place!I've been coming here for years. Never ever had a bad experience. I see a few negative reviews and really wonder WTF they are talking about??!!
Last night we seen Titus. I think last night was the first time in forever that our waitress was just OK. any other time the staff and management have been perfect.
Yes there is a 2 drink minimum, DUH you're at a club in the city! So for the peeps talking shit... Stay home. The drinks are priced fair for the city. 
The food is pretty decent for a comedy club. And if you're going there for a nice dinner and superb service... WAKE UP!! it's a fucking comedy club people!! You want some picky foods and drinks... That's what you get. 
You want a good time and good night out in the city, helium is it. You get to see head line comics in a raw, intimate setting. 
Oh yeah also had last minute plans cancel on New Year's Eve, they had a kick ass package that was great. Again great shows. Drinks are good, food decent. Like seriously have no fucking clue what the negative reviews are. 
Oh yeah parking right next door or right down the street. So again convenient as well. 
And NOOOO I don't know anyone that works there or anything like that. Just letting you know the deal 
Enjoy fuckers!The only thing that keeps this place from being a total flop is the staff - they are polite, courteous and professional. Thank you.
That being said, there are a few things to note before attending a show here:
1) Someone finally needs to stand up to this "two-item per person minimum" crap. It's immoral (and maybe even illegal?) to FORCE people to buy food/drinks.
2) Today it was in the mid 30's in Philadelphia - both outside and inside helium comedy club. Everyone was wearing their jackets in the club...there's no excuse for continuing to allow a public venue to operate in these conditions. Not only had the heat not been turned on, but the hot water wasn't working and they had no hot beverages (I know; I tried to order one to warm me up). Oh...and that brings me back to point #1 - I was forced to order something else since they had no hot chocolate/tea/coffee.
3) You'll laugh harder on Netflix. So much good free stuff out there. Don't waste your time/money on this place - they don't care about you.We purchased tickets on December 17, 2014 to see Margaret Cho on 3/1/15 with a group of friends. Having planned this months ago we were very excited when the day finally arrived but that excitement quickly ended upon arriving at will call. My partner gave his name and id and they could not find him in their system. The young lady explained to us that they had changed computer systems and had lost many orders but if we could prove we had purchased the tickets we could go in. Now this was on an evening when there was a rain storm which covered the city in ice so getting there was a challenge and then to encounter this was horrible. Since we could not produce a confirmation we were turned away while our friends went in. When we got home we pulled up the confirmation from email and called for a refund. It has now almost been a week and we have not heard back from management after leaving several messages. I could understand if this was our fault but knowing it was due to their system issues you would think they would have been more caring and responsive. Poor costumer service and poor management.Great comedy in a terrible setting.  I love comedy, and I like the performers we have heard at Helium.  That gets 5 stars.
However, the venue is terrible.  0 stars if there was such a selection.  Last Saturday, the usher sat us at a table so far in the back, my back was against the wall. I should have known it was going to be trouble when she apologized to us as she sat us. By the way, the house was not packed, we were not late, and there was plenty of good real estate left.  Anyway, we were seated at a small table with two other couples. That's right, six people, one table 18 inches or less in diameter, a burning candle, the two drink minimum (what's that about honestly?), in the dark. As you can imagine, during the show, the guy next to me bumped his drink, knocked the candle down to the floor and nearly started a fire in that fire trap.  I have candle wax all over my pants. Another thing, If you are going to have a requirement that your guests purchase two items, please vary the menu and get the food/drinks to us before the end of the show.  The food and drink selection for me is intolerable.  I give my two drinks to someone else at the table.  
There's a market in this city for a good comedy club. Let's get one that has great performers and treats its guests like they matter.Someone from Helium did finally contact me. :-) My email that was sent went to their junk mail area and the voicemail was never checked, but the person in charge of social media (I think?) contacted me and was xtremely nice. She was very appologetic.They are working to resolve the issue. I'm so glad that the people here do care about customers.
This review will be updated once more when I finally come back for a show! Can't wait for some laughter! :-)This is a cute little comedy club and they get some funny, funny people in here to perform.  The 2 drink minimum (you can get food in lieu of drinks) kinda sucks as it forces you to spend MORE money - but hey, that's kinda how it is.
Nicely run - we had fun and will return.
It's great to laugh!I always have a great time when I go here.  My cheeks hurt from laughing so hard everytime I go.  They always get a pretty solid comedian and the venue is pretty nice too. I wish I could give it 4.5 stars.  You have to order 2 things a person off of the menu and the food isn't great.  I would suggest eating somewhere before and then getting 2 drinks while you're there.  Great place that I would highly suggest though.I have been here several times, and each time it has been a pleasant experience. The staff here is extremely nice, even the security guards. Not to mention, the food is pretty decent for a small comedy club and at reasonable prices.Cool Place I like the atmosphere, not all the comedians were funny but overall a nice time.WORST COMEDY CLUB EVER. Treated like a child for laughing at the comedians. Every time someone in our group laughed, we were told we would need to leave if we didnt stop. I'm sorry, I thought this was a COMEDY CLUB. I have been to comedy clubs around the country and I am friends with quite a few performers (also one myself) and they all agreed that the HELIUM CLUB has a STICK UP ITS ASS. Don't ever go here if you want to have a good time. Overpriced, terrible food as well.Dark, intimate interior. Friendly staff. Two small bar areas for pre-show. Six to 10 beers on tap with some interesting choices. Showroom gets cozy to put it nicely. Quality acts.
Large Park America indoor garage a few steps away. $20 for Saturday night 4 hours.So far I have enjoyed everything that I have attended at Helium Comedy Club!  I'm a big fan of standup comedy so this is right up my alley and I love that they often have big names here!
The atmosphere they have created is perfect for stand up comedy!  It's really nitty gritty and has the feel of the videos they show of comedians before they're popular comedians.  The tables are really close together and it kind of feels like a dark basement.  I love it.  Be careful if you're in the first section though....you'll most likely be picked on!
I've only had the mozzarella sticks there but all of the food that I've seen come out looks really good!  They have a few beers but nothing too fancy and a list of cocktails.  Remember that there is a two drink-or-food minimum!
If you sign up for their e-mail list you can get tickets on sale so do that!It's hard to come and write a luke warm review of a venue where I saw a fabulous night of comedy. The service and club itself did not compare to the actual show. We arrived at the club around 9:15 for a 10pm show. We had drinks at the bar while waiting for the doors to open as 9:30 as we were told would happen. The early show ended up running late, nbd however, it became 10 minutes to showtime and there was still a line to get into the club. As we approach the club, we see the signs that say there's a two item minimum during the show. Again, fine because we were hungry and wanted drinks. Problem was that it was like pulling teeth trying to get a waitor's attention and when we asked the hostess if she could send one over, she snarled as she breezed right by us. We finally were able to put in our order as the show was beginning only to have the waitor come back and tell us they're out of spinach dip. This was in addition to being out of about 3 beers they had on tap. We settled for the mac and cheese trio. They food arrived promptly but the mac and cheese was a major disapointment. Their fancy trio turned out to be Kraft like with burnt bacon bits on one, french fried onions on another and maybe plain for the third? Not good.
I'd probably return to Helium to see a show because the comedy was great. I'd definitely skip the food next time around though.5 stars for Jon Lovitz, but 0 stars for the staff that must not need tips. 
They crammed us into some table because the show was clearly oversold.
2 drink minimum? You will be lucky if they come around in time.
Word of advice - drink before, eat before, and don't expect much service.My friend and I were kicked out before the main act and I have no clue why. We were sitting there and a bouncer came up and told us we had to leave. When we asked why they said we just had to leave. No reason given. We both paid $40 for reserved seats and couldn't even see the show and I have no clue why. I have spent hundreds of dollars at this place in the past but after this, I will never return here and I am going to make sure I tell anyone who mentions helium comedy club this story. 
I have NEVER been so disrespected by a company.Went Sat 8/19/17. Employees were very nice. Going solo netted me a seat close up front even once most of the place was full. I had a margarita which could have been a little stronger for $12 (10 with well tequila but i got Jose Cuervo) but was enough to pass by the couple of hours if sipped. The two item minimum did not bother me because I was aware of it before hand and therefore didn't make use of the bars in the lobby and waste money. Comedians were great!
Cons: Lobby was hot. No air conditioning, and very little circulation of air. Not sure if it's always like that or it wasn't working at the moment. Luckily, it was cool inside the showroom. Considering you should probably arrive within 45- 60 minutes before the show to get good seats you definitely notice the conditions while you wait. Despite the good staff, i had to take away two stars for how cramped the showroom space is! Seriously,  all the seats were so close together. I was bumping elbows and knees with strangers, I had to move my chair several times to accommodate the wait staff, and it wasn't the fear of getting ridiculed by the comics that kept me from going to the bathroom, it was the thought of annoying people twice to go and get back if i were to squeeze through chairs and excuse myself. It's seems like there was little thought in making people comfortable, but plenty to fit as many people in as possible.  I'm sure it's not bothersome to some but I couldn't frequent this place remembering how uncomfortable I was unless it was someone I was dying to see or i knew for a fact it wouldn't be crowded.  Finally,  after the show ended, we were told we could get in line and get pictures with the headliner, however, being seated at the far end of the showroom , away from the exit doors, meant i was one of the last people to leave. By the time I got out, the lobby was already full. Patrons were lining up for the next performance and it became a headache trying to find out where the line for entry ended and the meet and greet began. There was a bouncer who was rude and unhelpful when a few of us asked for help in getting to the right place for the meet and greet. Eventually i left because it wasn't worth it. Definitely could and should have been more organized to efficiently get people in and out. 
Overall, worth a one time shot if it's someone you really want to see, you have comped tickets, reserved seating, or you get placed in the area closest to the exit doors. But even if you don't have one of those things going for you, i think you owe it to yourself to laugh and find out if you can tolerate it,  butI just like to let people know what they're in for.Whoops - looks like I'm going to be the Debbie Downer that rates this place far below the average compared to the other Yelpers here.
I had high hopes for my first time at this highly-rated comedy club in Center City. I know there's one here and one in PDX - both successful - so I thought why not!? (Luckily, my friend had FREE tickets, because they frequently give them away since they never sell out, apparently). 
The opening guy was kinda funny, but its rumored that he says the exact same jokes, same punchlines, every single night. Great job as an MC though... way to go shawtie.
The first guy - Anton - was a hoot. He talked about weed, hookups, loans, politics, all quite racy and funny. However, the next "main" comedian of the night, Kevin Brennan, was pretty darn awful. He was so drunk that he continued to slur his speech the whole time and almost tripped over himself. I feel really awful for his wife and child - who he ripped apart on stage throughout the whole evening. And Kevin couldn't have possibly been more racist, offensive, and disgusting. I know this is "comedy" but there are times when lines need to be drawn. And he crossed them.
Additionally, our services at Helium was beyond lousy. Server brought us one drink, and we then sat at the table with empty glasses throughout most of the night. Finally, we waved him over (he was propping himself against the wall looking bored) to ask for our second round. Note: 2 drink minimum at this club. We actually did want to order appetizers and dinner - but since we didn't get our second drink until the show was almost over, it was pretty futile. Our one friend came late- so she never even got the chance to order a second drink, because the final time we saw him was to pay the bill. We informed him that he could've made a larger tip, had he actually allowed us to order food and more drinks. His excuse: "It was a busy night"... 
In Summary: This was a pretty awful first experience at Helium, and I'm definitely not itching to go back again. Even if they're giving their tickets away, as usual. 
Note to the public: Don't BUY your tickets for Helium. Join their listserv, and you can get free tickets almost any night of the week.I have seen several comedians at Helium, including Todd Glass and Margarate Cho. I like Helium Comedy Club! The sound system is excellent. The service is pretty good, I wouldn't expect lightning fast service. 
I would recommend you get your dinner anywhere else in the city. The sandwich I had at Helium could have come from Panera Bread and there was too much bread and not enough chicken. The pizza is just alright. Just get drinks at Helium.Technically I would give this place 2.5 stars if I could. I went here on Saturday night and was totally disappointed! :( I've been coming to Helium on and off for years. I bought two tickets online for the 9:30 show for Don "DC" Curry. I paid an additional $7 per ticket to get the "reserved ticket" which basically meant a table was reserved for me and I wouldn't have to arrive early and wait in the line. Plus the $3.60 "handling fee" per ticket, they came out to $77.... We got there at 9pm to pick up our tickets at will call. We didn't have to wait in line at the box office. Went around to the second window and picked our tickets right up. We were told we could wait by the bar as we didn't have to wait in line for seats/a table. Once they opened the door thugh, it was a bit crazy. All the people who were standing in line for an hour to get their seats were all going into the exact same door and hallway as all the people who didn't have to stand in line and were just waiting by the bar. After squeezing through the small hallway, we reached the hostest stand and we were showed to our table. Which was in the center but 4 rows back from the stage. I have never sat so far away any other time I've been there. Apparently, they changed the layout a bit. The stage used to stick out a bit and there used to be lots of open space around it and on the sides. For some reason, they put up walls on either side of the stage which seems to cut down on seating as well as not being as visually appealing. And almost every single table in the place was reserved. If I had been standing in line for a table, I would have been pissed. As it was, I was annoyed I had paid the extra money and was basically sitting in the back. there were only two rows of tables behind us. There is a two item per person requirement and most stuff on the menu costs at least $10. Our server was friendly. We only got drinks, no food. The opening acts were good and Don was great! But overall, I was really disappointed by the changes they had made, their system and the seating of the place. Seems like greed is getting the better of them and they're just cramming as many people in there as they can now. Disappointing.We have been here several times and it's always a great time! 
Helium is a nice intimate club, so no matter where you sit you will have a good view of the Comedian.  The wait staff is excellent, and the food is great as well (try the Cuban sandwich).
I laughed so hard seeing Todd Glass that I gave myself a headache!!  
Not sure what the negative comments are all about, I have never experienced anything remotely like some of these comments.I have really enjoyed Helium every time I've gone there to see a show. The event space is cozy, the food and drinks are delish, and the ticket prices are very affordable.  The staff members I've interacted with are always nice as well, especially the girls at the front desk.
If one of your favorite comedians is showing at Helium, the venue is highly recommended!
One thing I would recommend for them is a printed schedule to take when you leave if you want. 
Note: I've never gone to open mic night or taken classes; just seen established comedians when they come into Philly.Went to the Rory Albaese show this weekend and had a blast. The performers were very funny and really gave us a good time. 
Helium was a very nice club to catch a show. From the moment we entered till our departure the staff was really friendly. We were ushered to our seats quickly upon a friendly greeting at the door. Our server was quick with the drinks and never intruded I to the show! 
There are a couple bars for you to grab a preshow drink or afterwards and it was a very clean place to be. Wasn't divey not pretentious, just a cool place to hang out. 
We will definitely be back!Do not go here they will kick you out if you say hi to a friend. Most awful comedy show location. Not the comedians but some of the staff. They have a room monitor who enforces this. Too serious of an environment for an alleged place of laughter. They value silence. I am contacting the owner about what goes on in there! I came on a Tuesday night for a celebration that was ruined by staff.We love having date nights here! Whether a local newcomer or a big headliner, the shows are always a good time! We always try to get here early to get a good seat but in all the times we've been, we haven't had a bad seat anywhere! 
The food and drink menu is about average but it's a comedy club, not a gourmet restaurant. Even with the two item minimum, it's not hard to find something that will meet your needs. 
Service can be a little spotty; for the most part we have never had bad service, just slow due to server experience or the size of the audience. Just be patient and stuff will come. Our last two drinks didn't come tonight but we enjoyed Joe Machi and went looking for drinks after the show in the vicinity (there were plenty of spots).Fun night out!! Great laid back spot to see comedy acts from known comedians as well as up & comers. Love having an excuse to laugh for over an hour straight :-). Do yourself a favor- go eat & get some drinks before coming to a show here. Do they offer those things? Yes, but given the set up & dark atmosphere it's just not comfortable trying to order , eat, flag down your waiter /waitress, trying to talk while there's a show on & people are trying to see around u to view the performance,... I feel bad for the servers here! They have it rough imo. 
There's a 2 drink minimum once in the showroom but I didn't see them really enforcing it. We did get to order our 2 but it was kind of hectic, maybe because it was a sold out show. I'd recommend getting a drink at the bar beforehand as well. The servers get swamped once the showroom is filled so you may have to wait. 
Will-call was great, no wait or hassles even tho we arrived right at show time. 
Friendly staff. They offered a meet & greet after. 
I'd come again after having dinner first & would hope the people around me do the same!Helium has been one of those places that I've meant to go to for years. Well, I finally got around to it last week when I went to see a Thursday night show. I didn't really know what to expect, but we had a great time. The room is small, which is great because there are no bad seats, but annoying if you have any obnoxious audience members. 
We ordered food (a decent margherita pizza and good buffalo chicken fingers) and drinks, and the service was great. Overall, no complaints and I would definitely go back again.Food: 3
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 2.5
I hate the 2 item minimum after already forking over a lot on the tickets. Mediocre everything but comedy.Went there with a party of 30 for a birthday. Each table ordered food and several rounds of drinks. The comedians were funny and everyone was enjoying themselves. Then, BAM.....They kicked us all out for laughing too loud! What type of comedy club kicks people out for laughing too loud!! I'm still amazed and would never step foot in this place again.This place sucks and the employees are super rude. It was so hot in there that even the comedians complained. The seating was disorganized and the put strangers at the same tables. You go to a comedy show to have fun, right? I will never go there again.***Disclaimer: This review is not solely about the comedians, it's about the facility, the food, and the atmosphere. 
I came here for my birthday. My overall experience was really good, except for a small mix up regarding my ticket purchase. I'd ordered the Purchase Helium Boost Add on, onto my General Admission's ticket purchase. When I arrive at the club, I was told different than what my email confirmation said. Long story short, the staff were pleasant about everything and assured me that my friends and I would be able to sit together when they all arrived. 
The club isn't tooooo large...but perfect size for an intimate feel. I tables are circular in shape, and have two-seats per table. The food menu is eh....could be better. It's a bit pricey for the quality I think. The waiters were PHENOMENAL though. VERY punctual and kind. The audience is a mixture of every race and age...so very diverse :)
Lastly, the line up of comics were eh.... About 4 were HILARIOUS.....like pee in your pants hilarious, but bottom line is that, even the ones that sucked....no one booed.....there was just a really long awkward silence hahaha. Also, they hand you a survey sheet in the beginning, and you have to number 1-10 your most favorite comedian to the least favorite. They DON'T bring out the comedians at the end, so make sure you judge them as you see them, or write down special notes that will help you remember who they are .
I'm going back. I loved it!!Great comedy spot, the guard people were kind of mean though but I guess they are that way for a reasonI've gone to two shows at Helium and really enjoyed myself both times.  Both times were two of my favorite comedians and the venue is small enough that it feels very intimate.  Both shows were hilarious and they had good opening comedians, as well.  I have a few gripes about the venue itself.  Firstly, when I ordered my ticket I did not see anything about a two item minimum.  I already paid $25 for the show so it's annoying to be forced to spend more money without warning.  I also was not a fan of the wait staff.  One man was really rude to me when I quickly responded to an emergency text.  He told me to put my phone away and I said okay but then he said, "DID YOU HEAR ME?"  Very rude.  I also didn't like how they were trying to get us to pay the check while the comedian, Rod Man, was still performing.  Even he commented on it, joking that this was very loud receipt paper.  I will surely go again but I think that they have some room for improvement.This review is for the club itself, not the act.
I love the intimate feel of this venue! A group of 8 of us were seated in the back and I still felt like I was so close to the stage. The tables are spaced far enough apart that you don't feel crowded in, either. Pretty sure there isn't a bad seat in the house. 
The drinks, though expensive, were tasty. The service, however, left something to be desired. It takes SO long for the waiter to get back with your drink. One time after I ordered my drink, the waiter came back 15 minutes later to ask if we needed anything... that was pretty annoying, to have to remind him of my previous order.
My suggestion is to get up and get your drinks at the bar for quicker service.Great place to see live comedy. Absolutely huge... the seats pretty much all have a great view as well (especially considering the size of the place!) 
And being used to NYC and SF prices? To see a really good HBO comedian? Unbeatable...My first time at a comedy club. I liked the small crowd. Enjoyed performance. The drinks n cheesecake not all that great but the presentation was nice. Overall it was a good time with my date. Will return.Place nice size seeing Bobby Lee tonightWent here with a friend for the elite event. Had a GREAT time laughing at the comedy, and also enjoyed the small, intimate atmosphere of the club. DEFINITELY would love to go back. If only medical school wasn't demanding of my time...I paid $22 for a reserved spot at the Philadelphia Comedy Academy Graduation held on Saturday, July 12, 2014.This is the best stand-up club in the city, hands down. Located near Rittenhouse Square they've got a nice, new space with a great layout and two bars outside the main room. I went for an afterparty at the Philadelphia Improv Festival and was impressed with the drink selection and how clean and nice the place was.
Open Mic on Tuesday night is a good time and the weekend usually features good acts.I was at helium on 8/13 for the 9:45 show. It was one of those days where the heat index was over 100 and there was no air conditioning in the club. At all. And I guess management didn't regard this as an issue? They didn't seem to do anything about it--there were no fans brought out to circulate air, there was no warning about the AC being broken, not even an apology for how terrible it was in there. 
I felt bad for the comedians who gamely did their best with a room full of miserably hot people. The right thing to do would have been to warn people and offer a refund.First time here at helium and would definitely come back! We came on Saturday to see Brad Williams- HIlARIOUS!!!! Once the doors opened we were pleasantly greeted and brought to our seats! The venue was surprisingly larger than I was expecting and our seats were great! My sister ordered chicken fingers that I picked at and the food was just ok- but I didn't go for the food! The show started promptly and the first two acts were wonderful! I really enjoyed my night out and will definitely look into more shows at helium!!!Super fun place to spend a night out.  They get a lot of good talent and it was a lot of fun.  You need to pre-purchase your tickets and also are required to purchase two items during the show.  They had food (mostly bar food) and a decent selection of beers from what you can choose.  Get there early because you'll likely get closer or better seats.Surprisingly awesome food and martini's! 
That's not the point of this review, though...
This is one of my favorite places in Philly.  Always an awesome night! Sit in the front row!I had a good time and all of the comedians were funny. But the staff make it feel like you're in a library. The comedian asks for feedback and the moment a guest makes a noise in response, the staff is reprimanding you. At one point we were corrected for speaking when no one in our group of six had said a word. All of us are over the age 35 and professionals. We know how to behave and weren't a rowdy group who needed to be controlled by any means. The staff made it uncomfortable to laugh. They were rude when anyone responded to them. A staff member member went to whisper in the ear of the person in front of us. Her friend behind her whispered to him "She's completely deaf in that ear." His response was very ignorant. So we weren't allowed to whisper into her good ear to relay what he was saying to her without him reprimanding us for speaking during the routine, we couldn't whisper to him that he needed to speak into her other ear without him making an ignorant comment in response. It was a lose, lose. I understand that they needed to keep control but there was noting that needed to be controlled. If they don't want the guests cheering in response to a question that the comedian is asking crowd, they should tell the comedian to not make a statement to the group that requires an answer. The servers were great, the place was clean, the comedians were hilarious. But I'm not positive I'll go back, which is disappointing.Why does stand up comedy always have to be sexist and racist? There are other types of humor. Dark humor I understand, but what's with offensive humor? Also, the filler comedians were much better than the headliner. Gah! Sam Morril made jokes about someone's dead baby and a miscarriage. Come on! There are some topics you can't joke about and this was really a downer. The staff are courteous, hence the two stars. But the servers almost forgot about us and there were no vegan options on the menu other than fries. So all in all, don't think I am ever coming back. I wanted to like this place so much.Helium was my favorite comedy club in Philly. However, it's service has drastically declined over the past year. 
I went to Helium last night to see David Koechner's 7:30pm show. I came with 3 friends and we paid extra for "boost tickets" (formerly known as reserved seats). 
Problem 1: highly disorganized 
Helium makes you physically pick up your ticket upon arrival. There was a line down the block when we arrived. It was raining. Dear helium: Let us print our tickets at home. 
Problem 2: poor time management 
We arrived at 7:00pm for the 7:30pm show. When Helium was still good, they began seating in advance of the show. This allowed people to put their food/drink orders in before the show started. However, last night the doors to he auditorium didn't open until 8:15pm. Yes, I understand the Internet was down... but I don't understand why they had to corral 300 people into a holding cell. The building is basically a hall way from the front door, past the ticket counter, down some stairs and into the auditorium. Off to the right is a tiny bar area with maybe 20 seats and a few tables. Picture 300 people crammed into that space. We all were sweating and no one could even get to the bar. The show didn't actually start until closer to 8:30pm, and ended at 9:50pm. Please be on time. 
Problem 3: Recipe for a disaster 
Non "boost" or reserved seats are first come first serve. Stupid rule Helium. Change this to where people pick their seats when they buy the ticket. your current first come first seat rule means that people stand in a long line and are aggressive. I kid you not, they had to announce over the loud speaker "please, no pushing!" - multiple times. It was embarrassing. Why would a company have a policy that encourages personal injury? Also, when everyone's crammed into a line, they aren't buying drinks from the bar. Seems like a poor business model to me. Please reassess your seating policy. 
Problem 4: extremely poor service  
That should actually say NO service. We never had a server come to our table last night. Not once. I pulled aside other servers as they walked by, but I was told I wasn't "their" table. They announced drink specials ($1 off) as an apology for starting the show late, but we didn't even have anyone to order drinks from. More over, the internet was still not working, so I overheard another a server tell another table that they were "cash only" and told her there was an atm a few blocks away. Helium - why didn't you announce that it would be cash only while you were holding us in the hallway for an hour before the show? ... Since it was cash only, many tables were only drinking water. At one point the comedian asked on stage for a drink, and there wasn't a single server in the auditorium. He repeated it servers times over the microphone and no servers were in the room. A woman in the audience volunteered to walk out of the auditorium and get him a drink from the back bar. It was weird. My table had cash but again, we never had a server come to our table. If someone from helium is reading this, I sat in table 160, 4 people, last night's 7:30 show. Please train your servers appropriately.
Problem 5: cleanliness 
My friend informed me that one of the urinals was flooding the men's bathroom. He actually went up the the main counter to tell them it was overflowing. And they didn't resolve the problem in a timely manner. The ladies room had trash on the floor, the doors didn't lock, the counter tops were all wet and grimy. The whole place needs a good scrub down. The actual auditorium is in a basement, so it already is a dreary. The layer of dirt is not endearing. Please fix your bathrooms. 
Problem 6: temperature control
I was sweating the entire time. The comedian must have mentioned the heat 6 times during his act. He sweat through his entire dress shirt and had sweat pouring down his face. Katt Williams level sweating. Now picture that level of sweating combined with the fact that the seats are TOUCHING each other. Please fix your air conditioning. 
Problem 7: seating
"Boost" is reserved seating in generally the front 3 rows. The first row's table actually touches the stage (2 tops only), and then the 2nd row is a mix of 2 & 4 Tops. The chairs in the boost section are actually touching each other. Last night my "seat buddy" was pushing 300lbs. I literally felt his sweat on me. Reserved seating is like coach airplane seating amount of space. I have noticed that the non reserved seats have more space. But if you are further back, you are constantly distracted by people walking out to use the bathroom or the servers.
Problem 8: no food 
We were informed over the intercom that the kitchen was closed. We never had a server come to our table so I can't give you the reason why. This was very disappointing as we had planned to eat here. When they did serve food, the brownie was killer. 
The actual show was great. I just wished it was at a different venue.Went here to see a show last night with a fellow Yelper!
When we walked in, we were told that the show was sold out but they took our name for a wait list.  They asked us to go have a seat at the bar.  Don't worry if they tell you the show is sold out, because they manage to squish everyone in like sardines.  Not that that's a bad thing, because we for sure didn't want to miss the show.  
The headliner for the night was Dov Davidoff who's been on Jimmy Kimmel.  The opening act was pretty funny and enjoyable.  
Dov talked about everything from relationships, to the state of the country, to a bit of crowd interaction.  Nice enjoyable show.  
Apparently I'm reading from some reviews that there is a 2 drink minimum, but they didn't really enforce that.  The servers are great, and no matter where you're sitting you get a nice view.  A very fun night at a great price ($22).  
They have some pretty famous people come through here and I made sure I got on their mailing list so I can return.  Go check it out!They're are some pretty funny people who come through Philly, and when they do, they preform at Helium. 
There's a nice little loungy bar area in the back to have a pre-show cocktail . I really recommend doing that, for if you get to the club early, your chances go way up at scoring a really sweet seat. 
They also offer table service.FANTASTIC STAFF!  I messed up buying tickets online to Saturday nights show.  Although it was my fault, the staff bent backwards to make sure that I got a table.  I can't tell you how much fun we had, the manager Jerry was one of the most friendly, attentive managers I have ever come across at any venue.  Not only is this place so nice, but the drinks and food are wonderful too!  This was my 5th time there and the service never ceases to change.We had a great time here.  In fact, we didn't get our tickets at the call window since it was our first time and totally forgot.  Once we got to the check in, one of the employees walked us back and then right back up front again to a table.  We were served quickly and the show was super funny.Pretty cool place.  Comedians were funny.  Crowd was pleasant.  All is well.
My only qualm would be that the bathrooms could have been cleaner.  We went to the 10PM show - which could have been the reason why.
Get ready to make some new friends!  If you go in a party of 2 and sit in the back you'll sit with another couple if it's a busy night.  I didn't mind this, but some may.
Overall, very pleased with the service and the show - will definitely be going again.This was my first time at the club. I went to see Adam Ferrara last Friday night. 
I was going to park in the garage next door but they only had valet parking. So I pulled out of it and found one the opposite direction a few blocks down. 
We got to the club 20 minutes early and there was already a line. I bought reserved tickets so they already had my name. I signed next to my name and I was given my tickets. We only waited in line for like 10 minutes. When we got into the area where the show was, a woman walked us to our table. The place was very dimly lit; only little votive candles lit the room. It was a nice room though. We were taken to a table where they had little booths to sit and watch the show. 
There were a couple opening acts, the female wasn't really funny, sort of gross. The next guy (Mac Blake) was pretty funny. I went to the bathroom before Adam came on. The bathroom was clean but pretty small for a ladies room. I think there were only like 5 stalls. 
The wait staff were pretty on the ball making the rounds throughout the tables. I ordered a water, my friend ordered a couple hurricanes and we got some chicken fingers with fries. They weren't anything special but they were good. Adam of course was great. I've watched him since 2000 when he had a special on Comedy Central. 
Met him after the show really nice guy. All-in-all I would come up to this place again.I have a friend that likes to do stand up comedy and he asked that I research some clubs in the area that he may be able to do an open mic at. My mind went immediately to Helium Comedy Club.
Every Tuesday, Helium has an open mic night consisting of 20-ish comedians, mixed between newcomers (given about 2 minutes) and veterans (given more time, varies). 
We headed over around 6:30 to sign up (sign up is 6:00 - 7:00 pm) which just involved him writing his name on a piece of paper. Line up was posted at 7:30, and the show began at 8:00 pm. Although the show is free, there is a 2 drink minimum -- not too shabby.
I was really pleasantly surprised with the professionalism given to the open mic night. They managed to flow through the 20 comedians almost seamlessly. The stage is intimate but allows for a large crowd.  And the drinks are pretty tasty (I went for Irish coffee, I needed caffeine. Although by  far not the best I've ever had, it was most certainly suitable)
Also surprising, the vast majority of comedians were funny! Open mic nights always add a bit of apprehension, those two minutes by an awful comedian can seem like an eternity. And though there were a few thrown in there, most had me literally laughing out loud. The mix between old and newcomers allowed for a nice eclectic group of jokes, stories, etc. 
I am looking forward to going to more open mic nights in the future and cannot wait to attend an actual show, which I will be doing on Thursday and will probably provide an update.I have been here many times and the shows are usually pretty good. They have a good bar type menu and they make a decent chocolate martini- if you like those. 
But note: THEY HAVE A 2 DRINK MINIMUM- which they minimally advertise, but are apparently very stringent about 
Usually when I am out at a bar I have a drink or 2, or 3... No problem. However, I was here for a show a week ago on a Monday night and was not up for drinking, I did however pay $15 for a show which was less than stellar. Anyhow, after being asked a handful of times by my server if I wanted a drink and replying no, she threatened to have me "escorted out". Are you serious Helium? Probably one of the worst customer service experiences I have had. It's sad, I have really enjoyed the shows I have been to there, but I was treated so disrespectfully by this server- the overall vibe left a bad taste in my mouth.  It would have to be a Chris Rock type perforce to get me to ever buy a ticket there again.Went for a preliminary round of Philadelphia's Phunniest. The show was great and had some funny contestants. We dropped the rating because there is a two item minimum, but that ONLY counts while in the actual showroom. Yes you wait in a bar/lounge for an hour before the show, but NONE of those purchases count towards your two item minimum. We bought a drink in the bar and had to pay $17 for 2 beers that didn't even count towards our two item minimum. Such a scam!
If you do go to a show, don't let the bar fool you! Wait until you go into the actual showroom and then order your two items. They have some food as well, which was pretty good. 
The venue is super cool and I would love to give this a better review, but the two item minimum limitation is really stupid in my opinion. Let purchases at the bar count, you're still making tons of money on your overpriced beer and mixed drinks!Best comedy club in philly! Hands down! It has a lot of room there is a two item minimum, but if you go on an open mic night the savings work out. Even with the big names the cost is reasonable. 
Not sure of the parking situation so call ahead for that or just take the train and walk from city hall.Philly is a great comedy town, and Helium is a great place to see comedy.  Nobody goes to a comedy club for the food, but the food here is way above comedy club standards.  They got good bartenders too.  It can get crowded, which is a good sign in a comedy club, and the service staff do an amazing job.  Even the folks who take my reservations have always been friemdly and competent.  They get great big name headliners, but the best nights are the showcases of local Philly talent.After I posted my last review the owner contacted me and asked that I elaborate on my food experience. He said they were re-vamping the menu and would like to know what we had. I gave him a breakdown of what we had and what I thought could be better. He was very receptive and happy to have the feedback, so much so that he offered me tickets to a show the following week. I happily accepted and we headed back to Helium this past Friday night. The acts were even better then the first time! I was so excited to go and have a totally different experience just a few weeks after my first visit. It means its something you can do often and never tire of it. We sat at a table with a couple who ordered the hummus plate and chicken fingers and they said they were great. I was happy to hear it, and so happy to be there. Anton (insert last name) and Kevin Brennan were hysterical, we had an excellent time and can't wait to go again!Good club layout and closeness to the stage. , Decent food, strong drinks and if you don't respect the talent Charles will help you find the door, which is the right thing since we come to see the talent not Joe 6-Pack's commentary. Go see a movie if you want to talk to the stage.Worst place ever, got customer service and waitersses are just lazy, my buddy complained and they removed him. Will never go back, manager will side with employees, what a joke. And the food is also bad.This review has nothing to do with the talent. Saw Impractical Jokers there last night and they were great. The short (duration & height) opening comedian was funny, too. 
My one star refers to the venue personell. It's as if they never ran a full house comedy show before. Staff running around, seemingly doing nothing, while people wait in line. 
I bought my tickets over one month ago online, and even paid a convenience fee for the privilege. The website instructed me to take the print out receipt and go to the will call - box office before the show. Show up about 15 minutes before showtime (which is really 30 minutes before the real showtime) and for some crazy reason told we need to wait until ALL people in the first line are in before we are given our tix and allowed in. Result? Worst seats in the hall (stage right near the kitchen door). What the heck is with that? Buy your tickets more than 1 month in advance, pay a fee for it, and get the WORST seats? Unacceptable. And, all the while with rude, inept staff, one that actually said "if you don't like it you can leave', then offerred a sarcastic 'enjoy the show' . The whole experience really put a damper on what was supposed to be a fun night.
Will see Impractical Jokers again. But, defintely not here.Club is great but Helium comedy classes not so much.  For $400  or $300 with coupon you get 3 classes and a show and a very short phone consultation which is sort of helpful. Too many people - 15-20 in a class counting "repeaters". Critiques are pretty good but he's got pretty strong opinions and you better like them. Lectures were a waste, especially the one on going to New York with a manager and agent. Not right for newbies -- just one big ego trip.
Biggest beef: Instead of helping newbies hit the open mics, he pushes his own follow-up classes at $200 a month. As newbies we wanted to learn about open mics. He couldn't even recommend where to start. Helium should have multiple classes with  different levels and teachers. Vastly overpriced and undervalued.When you're at your wits end, head to Helium for witty banter from a host of professional comedians. Check out the schedule online to find an act that could fit your budget and particular sense of humor, and head over.
Arrive early to claim your tickets, and keep in mind that there's a two-item order minimum. They serve basic cocktails, wines and beers, like Victory's Golden Monkey and Allagash White, as well as your typical fried foods.
I've been here twice in semi-recent times. My first visit was back in August...directly after a super-crappy incident while driving in Jersey. It's safe to say I needed a laugh, and the 'Undateable' guy who was performing that night sure did help!
My second visit was to see Judah Friedlander of 30 Rock fame with a group of friends. We had great seats and Judah hosted a fun, interactive set. I even made a contribution and he blankly stared at me! It was great. One of my life's greatest moments.
It's awesome that the comedians are so accessible here, too. After the show, I was able to get my photo taken with Judah and we decided that we should become Facebook buds. While that didn't actually happen, he did follow my Instagram...and is still following it, which is cool.
So, basically, expect fun times in a small but comfortable comedy club when you step into Helium.I have been here probably 5 times in the last year and have found that it is very hit or miss. The comedy acts are usually a mix of one or two good comedians with one or two bad ones and I have encountered 3 very bad ones in one show as well. The service is not the best and there are usually not enough servers for the amount of people in the audience. The food and drink prices are as expected for being at a performance and their selection isn't bad. I joined their email list and was pleasantly surprised to receive free tickets to a show the month of my birthday. I was very disappointed, however, when the comedian was terrible and the waitress just never brought the dessert I had ordered. I will continue to come since it is one of the only steady comedy clubs in the area but I don't expect to be blown away by the comedians or the service when I do.I used to love coming here for date night, but now it feels like they overbook shows and understaff for service. I came in here tonight with my husband and we got seated at a small shared table with another couple, with not enough space for food and drinks so that I had to hold my drink on my lap the whole time. On top of that, it felt like we were intruding on the other couple's date because I was sitting closer to them than my husband.  When we asked to be moved to another table, we were told that they were sold out and didn't have any other tables available (even though there were many visible since we arrived early). They also did not have nearly enough staff; we were seated for 30 minutes before anyone approached us for food or drink orders (and it was only because I had to get up and flag someone over), which was ridiculous. I don't think I would come back here in the near future.This place reminds me of an old roller skating rink, it's a really weird room.
But it works.
It was a bit hot in there and the kitchen was backed up. It took a while to get our barbecue chicken pizza which was nothing great but nothing terrible either. Also had the hummus platter which was decent but was not going to win Philly's top hummus platter 2009 award. 
But no matter. The comedy was very comedic, and the beer was served cold and fast.
And that's why I came. 
I WAS TOTALLY ROTFLOL
john oliver makes me LAFFThe company that Helium Comedy Club keeps and the "talent" they choose to book makes me motivated to never give them my business. Claudia Oshry aka "@girlwithnojob" is a racist, Islamophobic, homophobic internet troll. While I understand that her money is green just like mine, I'll choose to spend my money at venues that have a moral backbone. Shame on you Helium.Every so often, it's nice to switch things up from the same old restuarant and bar scene and Helium is the perfect cure to that mundane routine.  The show will vary from night to night depending on the acts that are lined up.  The staff is generally pleasant and friendly.  
I'm only giving it 3 stars because I think the place has more potential.  I've been to a few commedy club around the country, and in terms of venue and food this place could use some improvement.  Philadelphia is the 5th largest city in the US and it's a little sad that Philadelphia's comedy club considered the best in the area looks the way it does.  
The venue is definately a makeshift basement turned into a theater.  If you show up late and get seated on the sides you can barely see the stage.  (SHOW UP EARLY TO GET GOOD SEATS.)  This place can definately use a major renovation.  
As to the food.  I like that this place has a two item minium, rather than 2 drinks minimum which is standard for comedy clubs around the country.  Food and drinks are reasonably priced.  Quality of the food however can be a hit or miss. I've had their sandwiches which was pretty good.  DO NOT GET THE CHEESE PIZZA.  It's actually pretty gross.   Drinks weren't too strong, which is perfect for me since, i'm a light weight.After my experience at Helium I was contacted by Meredith who apologized and offered us two tickets to another show. I can appreciate them trying to make it right.I've been to Helium many times of the past years. I've been for big headliners as well as local night. I've never been disappointed. On my most recent trip my husband and I went on a whim. It was our 2nd wedding anniversary and the night  before I received a text about free tickets. We hadn't made any big plans, it being a Wednesday. We figured we enjoy laughing and free is always good. 
There's a valet parking garage right next door. Do yourself a favor and just park there instead of trying to find off street parking. I've parked there many times without issue. 
We arrived about 30 minutes before show time. The bartender located at the bar closest to the restrooms seemed to be a little irritated. I didn't take it personally, ordered my drinks and the we went inside a few moments later. We were seated in the front row. 
There is a two item minimum per person. They have a variety of items on the menu. Nothing is super tasty. We ordered the boneless wings and hummus platter. The hummus was plain, no flavor. The wings were wings. 
But the comedy was great. And my champagne cocktail was delicious. We were there on dirty dozen night. 12 comics. I believe they were all local since they were on for such a short amount of time. Some were better than others, only one was really awkward to watch, but again for free it was great. 
While this show wasn't my favorite, I've never left disappointed and I'm looking forward to going back in a couple weeks to see Jon Heffron.Bought tickets for about $30 (reserved).  Thought the seats would be ok, turns out my I was in the front row, so close that I was able to kick my feet up on stage. Well then m friend and I figured it be a bad thing because the comedians would probably make fun of us or something, well, luckily for us, there was a couple next to us. Both of them were doctors and one was a PROCTOLOGIST! BAM! saved! The headliner was Aries Spears, which he pretty much had the crowd rolling, very, very funny. The area was a good size, not too big, not too small. Food was ok, but who goes to a comedy club for food. There was a two item minimum at this place of course. Other than that, it was a great experience! Mixed crowd, good comedians. I plan on going back.Any city that's worth a snuff must have a decent comedy club.  For Philly, that's Helium.  Tucked away on Samsom, the actual room where the laughing happens is a bit cavernous, with awkward seating and a precariously small stage.
The club gets a good rotation of acts with the biggest names performing on Fridays and Saturdays for two seatings (8 and 10 pm). If you really like to get your laugh on, there are really good deals to be had on Wednesdays and Thursdays.  Great place for large groups and celebrations, it's a good place for pre-gaming.
Few gripes, once the seating occurs, service becomes slow and almost non-existent, so if you're a drinker, get a few bevvies at a time to make up for the lag between orders.  They also sell a few cocktails by the carafe (alcoholic much?), which aren't particularly strong or good, but get the job done.  Drink menu is sparse, formulaic (Drinki-tini? Really?) and expensive (cocktails start at $9.50 and up) with very few options for beer and wine.  Stay away from the food menu, unless you're starving.I've been here a couple times for shows.  Once the show was postponed, Rocky helped me get my tickets set up for a time when the show got moved to.
Love itThe show was good, nothing against the performers, but the club doesn't know how to treat people.
My drink had a piece of glass in it.  I took the final swig of my beer and immediately feel something hard in my mouth that I instantly know is glass.  I tell the waiter who apologizes and runs off.  I've worked in food service back in the day so I know stuff like this happens.
But then a bouncer walks over and starts telling our table to quiet down. I suspect he thought we were pulling some stunt to get free drinks so he was looking for any excuse to kick us out....but it was pointless because this occurred at the end of the show.
So how did they make up for it? We were given some free passes. Later on we see they have an expiration date of two weeks....scumbags. 
I'm just thankful I didn't swallow the glass really.I'll never go back. It's like a herd of cattle waiting to get into the room, there's absolutely no order or organization at all. Then when you're seated, you're put at a table with people you don't know. The staff isn't very friendly or helpful and clearly just want you in and out.So we did finally get a response about the reservation and they are willing to right their wrong. Had to up a star because they are willing to fix a completely understandable misunderstanding. Too many understand's in one sentence?!?!  Anyway, hoping to give them more stars once we are able to check out a show. Will keep you yelpers updated!!!Watching the comedian Anjela J. Awesome show but so freaking hot in the room. Insane how they are cramming so many folks without adequate HVAC.Two item minimum in the showroom. It's 4 stars for a laugh. The food/drinks are average. Sometimes they have specials at the bar for earlier shows. All of the staff are friendly and helpful. (I've called several times)The food and drinks here are horrible!  It's a shame because it's a great night out with a group of friends and they usually have good acts come through. But when you have to order 2 things per person at least have semi good options.Decent set-up and space for a club in Philly. 
They have food and a bar, prices are actually decent. I thought the prices were actually comparable to other similar venues.
Staff was friendly. It's completely wheelchair accessible. There's a ramp throughout the building, and both levels of the club have a ramp.This place is great and not so good at the same time. I'm giving it 4 stars since it excels at its primary function which is a comedy club, but fails in the food and service dept. The space is really great and you have a good seat no matter where you are sitting. They have great acts always coming through and open mic nights for up and coming comics in the area. Get there early and hang out by the doors if you want to get up close. The 2 item minimum sucks but at least you can get drinks or food. The prices are a bit high but then again $4.50 for a Yuengling isn't too bad either. Their specialty drinks are pretty expensive for not using premium liquor but they are big. The food is just average at best and way over priced. We got a pannini and the chicken fingers and that was $22! Oh well, next time I'll just order cheap beer to satisfy the 2 item per person requirement. The service also was pretty awful but I see that being more of a problem with them being understaffed and not the servers fault. All-in-all the place is great to see an intimate comedy show and I will be back to see my favorite comedians when they come through.First time at Helium comedy club, the space is small with a nice set up, I don't think there's a bad seat in the house. We saw Collin Kane and had some great food & drinks. Overall the night was great, definitely going back for more shows in the future. This review is for Helium only. I did not think Collin Kane was funny at all and I would give him 0 stars.The seating is very intimate.  You really get to know your neighbors.  I paid the extra few dollars for reserved seating.  I'm not sure if it's worth it.  The venue is small so regardless of where you sit you will be pretty close.  Their drinks are reasonably priced.  The opener was hysterical!  Looking forward to visiting again!I love this place, laughing cures everything.  It's a decent size comedy club; although the chairs are arranged way too close together, it really does get packed in there.  I feel like you get a little more wiggle room if you sit in the back.  They have small round tables where they fit 4 people but it really is too tight if everyone gets drinks and food.  It is rather dim inside, it's hard to see the menu so I'd advise to look at the menu before the show starts.  Definitely go to the restroom before the show ends otherwise you're going to be waiting in line as everyone is trying to piss out the alcohol they consumed during the show.  The restrooms could use some cleaning. 
As fars as the comedians, I've been to open mic.  Open mic night is usually a "hit or miss." The weekend shows are always packed and filled with popular comedians who either appear on comedy central or movies.  Overall, an enjoyable experience if you're looking for a good laugh.I've been to the Helium a couple of times now. On the plus side, it's in a nice part of the city (minus parking), it's small and intimate, and has had some great comics grace its stage. The drinks aren't outrageously expensive and the servers are friendly enough. 
On the negative side, the air conditioning wasn't working the first time I came here and it was in August. Thankfully, I was seeing Dave Attell that night and he was making light of the situation. Although, it's small and intimate as I mentioned before, it's got a bit of a corporate vibe since there are a few locations throughout the country. Not a big deal but you won't get the same feeling that you may get in a place like the Comedy Cellar in NYC. Still, a night out at the Helium Comedy Club is sure to be an entertaining one.Good experiences here.  I'll be back for Philly's Phunniest 2012.So I love to laugh...it's what I do. I know I'm silly, and I embrace it. Despite my ability to find humor in almost anything, I went to Helium for the first time last night and had a great time! Everyone was funny, from host Ed McGonigal to Comedians Geoff Tate, Anton Shuford (Anton was hilarious) and the headliner, Guy Torry. 
When they first opened the doors, the waitstaff was pretty attentive, but once more people arrived it was really difficult to flag down our waitress. I initially ordered nachos with chicken, but when I was served nacho chips with Cheez Whiz and jalapenos, I sent them back for chicken fingers and fries. Trust me, they give you the LEAST possible amount of fries (just enough so they can say that the chicken fingers come with fries). The chicken fingers were kinda fatty (I've never had fatty chicken fingers). My Sprite was good though, lol! 
To be fair, Helium IS a comedy club and not really a restaurant, so that's why I'm giving them so many stars. Oh, and the restrooms were surprisingly clean. 
Will I go back? Most definitely!This is such a unique and perfect place for a date night or a girls (or even a guy's) night out! My boyfriend and I decided to come here spontaneously on a Wednesday night and we had a blast! The club was packed. We got there half an hour before the show to pick up our tickets and were seated front row. They have a bar outside of the showroom to grab drinks before the show starts, but be warned that there is a two item minimum purchase in the show room so you are probably better off ordering drinks to your table. I was a little annoyed by the purchase minimum but having a few drinks during the show was enjoyable. I'm not sure how strictly they enforce that rule because our waitress didn't seem to pay much attention to us anyways. The only reason I'm taking off a star is because of the horrible food and even worse service. I waited 45 minutes for a glass of water and not once did our waitress come by to ask if we wanted anything else. She was constantly checking in with the other tables around us though. I literally had to flag her down to get her attention after which she didn't even apologize for "forgetting" about my water. The food was barely edible. Whatever you do, do not get the Mediterranean plate or the spinach artichoke dip. The hummus did not even look like hummus, and the chips were stale. 
Aside from the disappointing food and service, the comedy show itself deserved 5 stars. All of the acts were great! There was a comedian from Baltimore whose name I can't remember who was absolutely hilarious! The main act was Pat House, who is from Philly and performs at Helium often as was evident by some obnoxious fans in the audience. Overall, we had a great time and will definitely be back again. 
Tickets are $15 per person plus about $5 in fees if you buy them online. Tickets for a special events might be a little more. And then expect another $15-20 per person for the two item minimum purchased. Apparently they have a birthday club, where you get 4 free tickets to a Wednesday or Thursday night show for the month of your birthday. I have tried signing up on their website but I never received any emails so I'm not really sure how that works.My experience at the Helium Club was fantastic.  I went on the FREE Open Mic night (8 PM, Tuesdays) and heard almost 2.5 hours worth of comics, from the tyros to the tenured.
This club is brand new on the inside and makes you wonder whether it is actually a comedy club (Where's the dank smell of beer?  Cramped quarters? Old drunk guys heckling in the back?).  But, once the show starts, the emcee is sure to greet you with a proper verbal slap in the face.
The menu is rather high class for a comedy club and there is a full bar.
I can't speak for actually pay shows at the Helium, but their website displays new headliners every week.  I stopped by their theater and noticed that they said there is a "two item minimum" when attending on a show night.
If you haven't been, show up on Tuesday night and get a feel for what they have to offer.  I'll probably even get up on stage some day because they welcome anyone with a routine.  Just show up one hour before show time.I've been here twice: the first time about 5 years ago and tonight. I loved it both times. The comedians were always hilarious. I had great service. I didn't get food either time so I can't speak for that but I did think the menu had a nice selection compared to similar venues I've been to. I also appreciated the 2 item requirement (food included) rather than the 2 drink requirement. Although I'd rather have no requirement, it was the first time I've seen an item requirement rather than a drink requirement. All of the staff members were great: box office, security, and wait staff. And ticket prices are pretty good in my opinion. I hope to be back soon!I went...I saw...I laughed...then I started to cry, but with a gapping mouth whilst holding my tummy. I had the pleasure of visiting when Gary Gulman was on stage and I thought that  ~1hour was too short. Will definitely go back!!!It's crazy to me that this place isn't sold out all the time -- seeing a comedy show is such a fun alternative way to spend an evening in Philadelphia. And Helium pulls in a a range of performers, all of whom range from a good laugh to 'oops I crapped my pants' hilarious. You can see   
I've never loved the idea of a two-item minimum at a venue - but at Helium it's not so bad since the food is actually pretty good and some of their mixed drinks are great (they've got a boozy hot chocolate drink that's a LOT of fun on a cold winter night.)
It's probably not a bad idea to come hungry if you haven't got your heart set on a nearby restaurant?
If you're looking to save a few bucks, buy the general admission ticket for a weeknight and get there 30 minutes early and stay near the showroom entrance. You can score amazingly good seats if you're lucky. For someone you're desperate to see - get reserved seats - but if you're like me and my friends and can't help but see Todd Glass every time he sets foot in Philadelphia, you can risk getting a seat a little closer to the back (and yet still wind up with a '2nd row' table on a Thursday.)Me and my friends had a great time food is great 2 drink min just FYI if you drink before you get into the show it doesnt count glad I asked bc I dont drink but food counts and so does a regular drinkSeeing comedy is a great way to have fun with friends and adds something new to the usual going-out-to-a-bar routine. I have been here several times and have always enjoyed the show. If you show up early, there is a bar outside of the club where you can hang out and get drinks. During the show you each have to order a couple items from the menu, but that is pretty typical of comedy clubs. The stage area is a great set-up that feels very intimate, I have never reserved seats and have always had a great view. The vibe is relatively casual and the wait staff didn't disrupt our enjoyment of the show.I really hope that Mr. Marc Grossman (owner of Helium Comedy Club in Philadelphia) reads these reviews. 
I've been to dozens and dozens of comedy clubs and had a terrific time at each of them. I thought when going to the Helium Comedy Club in Philadelphia would be same. I was terribly mistaken. I wish there was an option for negative stars for this review! 
I'd like to start off with asking one question for the owner Marc Grossman (as if he reads these reviews...doubt it). How can you allow "your" employees to treat your "paying customers" so poorly and disrespectfully? I was at your club with a party of ten people to celebrate a birthday. It was a special night out with friends and family. We purchased tickets, rented a Limousine and everything. We get our tickets at "will call" and proceeded into the club and found a group of tables in the back. Everyone sat down and order drinks/food. A few minutes later one of the "bouncers" told us  we were "talking" too loud. He didn't say "shouting" or "booing", or "heckling". He said "talking". We were all looking at each other and had no idea what was going on. When our drinks came there was some very light chatter between me and my girlfriend. I was trying to figure out who ordered what drink. At that point the same "bouncer" came to the table a second time and told me I had to leave. What??? 
I asked what for? He told me I was "talking" too loud and if I didn't leave I would be physically removed....yes..."PHYSICALLY REMOVED"!!! I couldn't believe what I was hearing. After trying to talk to the unprofessional "bouncer" as to what was he talking about. I was threatened again to be "PHYSICALLY REMOVED" by the same extremely rude, moronic bouncer who, now had other "bouncers" standing around us making everyone feel uncomfortable and threatened. I was escorted out into the lobby/bar area. I asked to speak to the Manager. He was also rude and unprofessional. I asked for a refund for the food and drinks I ordered and didn't touch. He told me I couldn't get a refund and to take it up with customer service (yea right). Several people in our party attempted to reason with them and they were also treated rudely as well. I left with my girlfriend (birthday girl) and our friends stayed behind to see the rest of the show which I was told was not terribly funny. I later found out that woman in our party was asked to leave. The remaining people in our party decided to leave also. 
We decided to go to Buffalo Billiards nearby where we had a great time and were treated respectfully and professionally by all the staff. It's a great place and I recommend it to anyone. 
Mr. Grossman....I will NEVER go to the Helium Comedy Club nor will I recommend it to anyone who may ask. I will be sharing my experience on other social media networks and contacting the BBB as I am in fear that other hard working, reasonable, "paying" customers will go to your establishment and unknowingly be walking into a similar situation.  
Here is some advice Marc....Train your staff or try finding professional, respectable people who will promote your club and not cost you any loss of business. Just a thought.Helium is a great comedy club, centrally located in center city Philly. They sometimes get big-name acts, and sometimes no-names who are up and coming, but they are always funny. My favorite part about Helium are the prices, most of the shows are very affordable, ranging from $20-$35 on weekends, to $5-$10 week nights (when open). Sometimes they even have free admission during the week, for open mic night. Sign up for the email promos and you'll get this info.
The club itself is pretty standard, small low stage, intimate with audience, clean, good lighting, and comfortable seating with individual tables per party. Even the very last row in the club is still a good seat, you can see well and its not that far away.  There is a 2-drink minimum requirement here, which is common for most comedy clubs.  I just wish the drinks were stronger, several times my vodka cocktails were so weak, that I didn't want to waste money on a second one, so I defaulted to wine or beer instead. Also the food is average, nothing fancy, and the service during the show is pretty slow. The service at the outside bar is much better. 
Overall very good comedy club, I've been here several times and will continue to come back!This place is sorta cool.  Was here about a year ago for a birthday gathering with some of my boyfriends co-workers, and to my surprise this place really has some character.  
I wish we would have eaten there, because then I could write a little about it, but we didn't.  We had a few drinks. . .the service was REALLY SLOW in regards to cock tailing, and of course the prices were Philly club high, but the character of this place carries it.  Not to mention it's the only comedy club, more or less, in the city.  
I'm only three star-ing it because of the drink screw up, which I believe we waited something retarded like 45 minutes for two simple mixes, but if not for that it would be a four star adventure.  
For laughs at funny little tables in the dark basement of the underground,  check this place out.This is a pretty typical comedy club.
 They serve pretty typical alcohol (Guinness draft, Coors light, generic red wine...) It has a pretty typical noise level. The space is pretty typically open. The design is pretty typically minimalist. The bathrooms are pretty typically clean. For all you service fiends out there, the service is pretty typically prompt. 
There is pretty typical comedy.I really enjoy going to Helium, it's a great night out. The best part is almost every time I've been is because I scored free tickets through facebook or text alerts. 
With that being said, it can become kind of a pricey night out if you like drinking! There's a 2 item minimum per person... Which isn't really a problem, but you know you're laughing and drinking and eating. Next thing you know your bill is $100I came here in June to see Godfrey and my husband and I couldn't have laughed more. It was insanely funny. From the Host to the Headliner, we laughed so hard we left holding our jaws. The quality of air was cool and not one person came to our table, except for waitress. 
I went 8.22 with 9 girls to see Natasha Leggero my experience couldn't have been any more opposite. It was HOT, too crowded. We were seated in a section in the back sweating. As if they sold too many tickets and had to make up room by adding more chairs. Not enough room to sit comfortably at all. We were almost sitting on each others laps bc it was so tight. I could barely pay attn bc I was so uncomfortable. Our mini oil lamp on the table went out three times so we couldn't see our menus and when I used my phone to see, I was immediately told to put it away by a bouncer as if I was a child. This guy came to our tables and others to reprimand us as if we didn't pay to get in and could only laugh but so much or even whisper to each other. It was horrible. We ended up leaving early bc I was disgusted with their customer service or lack thereof. Not to mention, we could barely breathe it was so hot in there and too crowded. Never again! 
I'd love to give it 5 stars bc of my first experience but after making 9 of my friends come to enjoy what I thought would be another amazing comedic experience, ...I can't justify it.Had a great time here.  Intimate setting, comfortable table with friends.  And the comedy was great!So the IMPROV it is not, but it's nice that Philly finally has a stand-up club for up and coming comedians.  They get headliner's such as Louis CK who is appearing this week, and shows always feature 3 comedians and lasts about an hour and forty five minutes.  They have happy hour deals...but of course that is not during the shows, so there is no real reason to visit for the specials.  Tickets range from 15-25 dollars with $5 off with student ID (I'm using my old student ID for discounts as long as I can get away with it.)Some days better than others, so check schedule before you go. They have drinks and simple food. Overall, it's probably the best comedy club in the city. Very funny, I would reccomend it.I went here to see paul mooney, it was a great show, not only him but the two opening guys were hilarious, The prices are great saw mooney for $20!!! Cant beat it. I dont like the 2 drink/and or food minimum but thats just because i hate doing something because someone else tells me i have to. 
The seats were great the place is small so pretty much anywhere you sit your going to get a great seat.
Only bad part of that night when i went was that i had a momentary brain fart and swore it was the one on south street but thats the laff factory good thing i gave myself time to get there or i would have been late.The venue was good and so was the service.  After reading mixed reviews of the food I have to say that the food was really good and YES the drinks are a little strong but no complaints from me..  I went there to see Chris Kattan and was a bit disappointed on the short show and how head shots were $10.00 and you actually saw him pocket the money.  A little rude for my taste. But he did sign my tix for free and pose for a pix.  All in all this place is a great date night, a few drinks, pub food and some good laughs.Saw Steve-O there, which was amazing, so as far as performers goes, Helium is where it's at, but not so much customer service...
We were there with a group of 6 people, and at the end of the show, my friend takes a final sip of his beer, to find out that a signifcant sized piece of glass was floating around in there the whole time. Luckily, he did not swallow it, and when the waiter came over to give us our tab, he was informed about the glass, and shown the piece of glass, and then he apologized and ran off. When he ran off, some "tough guy" bouncer came right up to us and was telling our table to stop talking and quiet down and blah blah, and would not listen about the glass in the cup, and even told one of your female companions, "get out of my face" when she calmly and politely tried to explain the situation. Then, the same bouncer gave us a hard time trying to get a picture with Steve-O, after standing in line for a while after the show, and even said "yea I'll see you outside" to one of my friends, after a little verbal exchange.
To make up for the laughable and almost hazardous experience, the club gave us some free passes, and said we could "come back anytime for any show," and only later on did we examine these passes to find out they expire a whopping 2 weeks later. What a joke of a place, and I hope that EVERYONE reads this, including the big whigs at Helium Comedy Club...WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!  0 STARS
The acts were extremely hilarious, but the staff is extremely rude and you and your group will NOT enjoy your time here!
Send the acts to a different comedy club!!!
We were stereotyped and treated extremely bad for NO REASON.
A friend in the group stated they were going to the restroom. During the next act, we were scolded for talking (this bouncer was WAY more distracting then we were). Other parties around us were talking during the show so I'm not sure why were singled out. This same bouncer proceeded to come up to our group during another act and ask for our IDs. THIS CLUB IS 21+! We would not be there in the first place with drinks if we weren't over 21. HOW RUDE and IGNORANT!!! I have never been treated so poorly before for NO APPARENT REASON!Came here to see Aries Spears-one of the best live shows I've seen in Philly. He is HILARIOUS. 
The venue was decent. We picked up our tickets at will call after we went thru a quick security check. You enter and can head to the bar to grab drinks and then the host takes your party and seats you. Although it fits about 150 people, definitely looked as if if you sit anywhere in the audience, you seemed to have a pretty good view of the comedian. There is a two drink minimum but places like this you expect that. Prices for drinks are pretty cheap. 
Had a good experience here and will be back for more shows!Had a great time Bill Bellamy is sooooooo funny. Booking online can be a little tricky but it all worked out in the end.Came here a few weeks ago to see David Koechner (the Office, Anchorman, etc.). The venue was clean, all the staff we interacted with were polite, although the waitress was hard to find and we waited at least 30 minutes for our drinks once we sat at our table. We had to pick up our tickets from will call an hour or two hour before the show started, and we opted to walk around the neighborhood instead of sitting in the bar. I guess we could have gotten our drinks faster if we chose to stay at the club before the show, but the bar area was pretty small and crowded. Oh well.
The food was perfectly average - we got mozzarella sticks and spinach dip. Not terrible, not great, the mozzarella sticks definitely tasted frozen. But the important thing - the comedy show - was great! Our host was hilarious, the first opening act was mediocre, but the second act and David Koechner were hilarious! And for the price of the tickets you can't beat it.
Definitely a fun and cheap way to spend a night!A great little club on Sansom with a reasonable cover and NO drink minimum unlike in NYC.I saw Jim Breuer at the Helium Club for $35. Does it get any better than that!? I really liked this place because there didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house. We did not pay for any special seats and we could all see perfectly from the back. Impressive for a fully booked show. 
The only reason for the 4 stars is because the waiters and waitresses often blocked our view of the comedian. It just got a bit annoying. Other than that, the service was phenomenal (we only got drinks). I couldn't believe the price for such a great comedian!I liked Helium. We saw a good show, had a good waitress and pretty much had a good night. The only negative I saw was the seating/line process, as it seems the process consists of: stand around in a huge mass near the door, then have to shift and shuffle out of the way as one crowd is let OUT, then push and funnel your way into a narrow hallway to be seated. Other than that, it was a fun time. All the seats had a good view,  and it was very clean and modern. I also won a $25 gift certificate, so I'll be back!
Also, Helium has signs about a two item minimum per person, but we weren't pressured or forced to meet that minimum, so I don't know how strictly enforced that rule is, but be aware that it is posted.I have been here for several shows now and laughed my ass off every time!  The club attracts big name performers and local acts, but they all seem to be freakin hilarious.  Comedians love Philly and Helium is one of the clubs they love to frequent.  A typical night involves the host, also a comedian, opening the evening with about 30 minutes of jokes, followed by another comedian who performs for another 30 minutes or so, then the headliner comes on.  The headliner usually performs for an hour or so.  I have walked out of the club having felt like I did 1000 sit-ups on numerous occasions.
Helium Comedy Club is awesome!Soooo funnnn!!!! We used to go all the time because it beats the average bar scene night out. They have some really amazing acts coming through here, my favorite being Joe Rogan. The service is really great and it's not that big of a place so you don't feel like you get lost in the crowd. It is so worth checking out! You can't help but laugh as you leave.Went to a show last weekend when temperatures were well into the 90's...OMG. HOW DO THEY NOT HAVE AC??!! Everyone was miserable.  The poor staff was visibly DRIPPING from head to toe in sweat. The few fans that they attempted to put out did nothing to help the overwhelming heat. No excuse for that.The temp outside was in the high 50's but the heat inside the venue had to be on 80 or better so add that with the sold out crowd and of course a few drinks during the show & it made for an uncomfortable time. Hey at least the show was GOOD!Was here to see the comedian Spank.   Great show as always.  Venue is small and on street parking is limited.   Plan accordingly.  In terms of booking a talent at this location,  it is next to impossible if that talent is not already with a particular management team/agency.  I think Philly is missing out on some great comedic minds because of Helium's current booking requirements.My review would of been 1 sTar but the manager fixed things right away, ordered tickets to a highlight event show was at 7:30 got there at 7:50 was told way to late, driving 90 minutes to get there got me upset, however the manager  worked  to get us seated, my recommendation get there at least  Very minimum 30 minutes before time posted on reservation, there is an item minimum we got 2 soda a blue moon a roast beef panini and nachos for $36 not bad for a comedy club, overall had a blast would recommend, pay very little mind to the negative posts.This place is great! I would give it 4.5 stars if the option was available but it's not 5 stars....we are talking comedy club food here. 
The club itself was absolutely perfect. There isn't a bad seat in the house and one of my companions was blown away by how close you all end up to the act (having seen the headlining comedian last time from a balcony in a large theater). The comedy room is a bit like a dungeon but you quickly forget that once you're immersed in the show. There is a two item minimum but it's pretty easy to hit it and we actually were one item short and they didn't charge us some arbitrary amount or anything to make up for it. Be sure to pay attention though as drinks ordered in the lounge beforehand do not in fact count toward the minimum. 
My group ordered the nachos for a snack. They weren't anything exciting (made with cheese whiz, you decide if that's a plus or not) and were topped with jalapeno slices, black olives and tomatoes...that's it.
The beer and drink list is pretty large and there were some strange florescent colored drinks in carafes going around the place so that might be something to order if you're planning to bring the comedy to another level.
The service was phenomenal and the act(s) were great. Bill Burr, who we went for was obviously funny but so were the opening act and the MC for the evening. I am definitely planning another trip to this place and to be honest don't even really care who I go to see; the venue is that entertaining.I am not the kind of person you'd usually find at a comedy club, given the fact that I'm just stuck up like that. I prefer to get my laughs in private by, say, looking at myself in the mirror or attempting to cook.
But ever since my night out at Helium I've changed my tune. The space is really nice, with lots of seating and good views of the small stage. The acts that come through there are the best of any comedy club in Philly. I almost peed my pants the last time I was there, and lemme tell ya, it takes a lot to make me do that, especially now that I'm not drinking.Great part of phila.  Its near SHAKE SHACK!! Bonus.  Comfortable seating. Nice place. Hope JON LOVITZ ROCKS!Helium is a nice venue, and I've seen good acts there, but on three occasions (which is a large percentage of my actual visits), Helium has allowed offensive comedians to perform at their venue, which is socially irresponsible.  On two occasions, the comedian was EXTREMELY racist (one against blacks and another against whites and people with disabilities), and on a third occasion, the comedian was a total chauvinist and misogynist.  Literally, every woman in the room looked uncomfortable.  Helium should try to get some better-quality people in there.  There's nothing wrong with having a harmless laugh at any group, but these individuals took it REALLY far.  Shaking one's head while mocking people with Parkinson's isn't funny at all.A must see! I've recently took a break from Helium and went to AC for a comedy show. Helium's consistent line up of stellar main acts, but also just as good mc's and opening acts blew away AC. There's a two drink minimum, but there's usually a happy hour in the bar beforehand. Also, they give out plenty of coupons on site and the back of each ticket is a, "Buy one get one free" coupon for your next show.
I've been to Helium at least 10 times, and each time I've left laughing. Great for a group event or a birthday. Be warned, many people like to heckle in this small venue, which irrates each and every comedian. Some have been known to walk off stage...A group of friends bought tickets to Uncorked, which was supposed to be a wine tasting, buffet dinner and comedy show.  The wine tasting was great; very informative and the wines were awesome.  BUT the buffet dinner was definitely not a buffet.  It was more like some small plates of finger food and there wasn't enough for the sold out show.  The biggest issue was by far during the comedy show.  The comedians were very funny but the staff repeatedly came over to our table to tell us to be quiet.  And we weren't being loud.  We were laughing....because it's a comedy show....So what started out as a promising event that was not cheap, ended up being a major bummer.  Definitely won't be back.I've been to Helium a handful of times over the years, the most recent being for Judah Friedlander last night. 
They were having power issues based on something that happened outside so it wasn't business as usual. They had a print out for will-call tickets where you showed them your ID, they found your name, then you signed off that you picked up your tickets. The process was so easy, it's a shame that places don't do it old school like that more often. 
I don't think I've ever been to Helium during a weeknight, which totally upped my experience.  The doors opened around 7:30pm but there was no long lining forming ahead of time. My group of 5 was easily able to get good seats in the front section perhaps 4 rows back from the stage.  It was a Thursday night so it wasn't super packed, which just made it breathable considering how close together all the tables are. 
Like most comedy clubs, there a food/drink requirement. You just need to order two items however there is no price minimum. Having just eaten at happy hour, I was happy to just have a few beers, which kept my two item minimum on the relatively inexpensive side. 
The table service was okay. The server's tried not to be intrusive but based on the cramped quarters, which was really impossible. It was a little annoying that we received our check while the main act was still onstage, but I guess it kept the whole flow of the evening moving. It would have been a hot mess if they waited until the end. I think the server to guest ratio was also a little off because it took a while to place and receive a drink order. 
Every show I've ever been to had a meet and greet component. I think it's pretty cool that you could briefly chat with the comics and snag a quick picture. 
This goes without saying, but they get some pretty good acts. The openers are typically pretty funny too. For a quality experience that is several hours long, the price is right too. I don't ever recall paying too much for a ticket. 
It's a good comedy club for when a comedian you want to see comes into town. If you are just a fan of comedy clubs, it's also can be worth it if you are in the mood to laugh.I was at Helium on Saturday July 30th. Unfortunately the air conditioning was not working again. I was at Helium about a year ago and the A/C was not working then either. I'm wondering if they even have air conditioning? Hundreds of people in a room on a hot summer night with no windows, ceiling fans that don't spin fast, and no air conditioning. Just miserable. So my advice - don't go during the summer time.Helium is basically the bomb. They brought (as mentioned in my previous review) my favorite entertainer and complainer of all time, Adam Carolla, aka The ACEMAN to my city to a club a scant few blocks from my office to a table a scant few feet from the stage on which he stood a scant few feet my grinning face. As an Ace superfan this was a monumental event.
When we got to the showroom and were about to be escorted to our reserved table, I saw the host check off our table on the grid and I knew things were going to be great. I saw our table gleaming from a few feet away. We weren't directly against the stage, but were just inches left of center in the row on the other side of the walkway for the servers to pass through, giving added leg room and a broader view of the screen and stage, but still only a few feet away and very close. I felt like they knew it was a big day for me (this may or may not have something to do with my announcing that it was a big day for me to them on Twitter, but whatevs). The show was amazing and hilarious and joyful and magical, and the venue was great and raucus with laughter. Glory be. Their food menu looked pretty lame, the cocktails looked overpriced, but whatever. As a stuffed mostly non-drinker, the 2 item minimum purchase per person didn't bother me - I breezed through two diet sodas with great ease. 
The showroom is surprisingly large and for comedians who come here to do stand-up on their open mic night, I imagine it's fairly intimidating, but the more well-known talent that they bring in probably feels right at home. As a fan of comedy in general, their lineup seems to be pretty solid and they bring in great names. It's another gem nestled on the treasure that is Sansom Street. Thanks for a great night, Helium!fantastic door staff, fun open mic!I am at the Helium Comedy Club. Sadly, it was not a pleasurable experience upon just being seated for the first time! I am incredibly disappointed in my first encounter with this establishment! I arrived early and got seated way in the corner next to the wall. I could not see anything! I asked management if they could simply make an accommodation and I was also willing to pay more for a reserved booth seat but the manager was unwilling to do anything about it and told us we had to stay where we were. How upsetting considering I spent my money to enjoy my first ever concert at Helium and I got treated in this manner. Customer service is absolutely not there first priority obviously. I will not be back and I would not waste your money going to a club such as this one! They are truly rude and not willing to make accommodations for their customers and also unappreciative of the money you spend. Thanks for a much Ruined Night for me and my boyfriend, we truly appreciate the rudeness and corner seat you gave us and told us to deal with it.  I would like to give a personal thanks especially to the general manager being the key team player that made our night horrible due to his unwillingness to be fair.  I will not be returning and good luck to those that do and receive the service we received tonight.I am guessing your experience depends on the show; The show I went to came with a heap of questionable experiences. 
- The show started 70 minutes late
They gave out comp cards and tried to be apologetic. However, those cards are all but worthless as they exclude weekends and more notable acts. 
-The bathroom was FILTHY. 
They didn't clean the bathroom between the 7:00pm and the 10:00pm show. The floor was strewn with toilet paper and what I naively believe to be water was everywhere. There were stalls out of toilet paper and none of the staff cared. 
-The staff was insulting
Now, it was late and I am sure employees were tired, but they accused people of stealing before they even ordered. They made an announcement to make sure " you could pay your tab before ordering." They also strongly enforced their minimum once inside the theater. Each person was given a ripped yellow piece of paper after paying. They were 
 then made to surrender the paper on their way out to prove they had ordered and paid. A more frequent guest tells me this treatment is reserved for select audiences. 
-Rule enforcement is serious
You will be carded on your way in. There will be large men roaming the floor in an effort to deter cellphone usage. The door man also tried to make a member of our party throw out their leftover from dinner because " no outside food is allowed." Shove your left over in your purse or be prepared to be forced to throw away your food at the bouncer's discretion.  
-The menu items are average
Clearly you only order something because you are pressured because nothing on the menu is a stand out. There prices are largely reasonable. However order off the menu, they charge $7.50 per shot, so ordering an unlisted cocktails will be charge a la carte and cost you more than it should. 
-The venue itself has decent sight lines.
The have both high top tables an lower tables both of which accommodate groups. Despite being in what feels like an unfinished basement, you'll be able to see and hear well.I give this place a 4- I want to give it a 5, but 5 means "As good as it gets," and I cant commit to that very often, because Ive only been to a handful of comedy clubs out there.  They rarely start on time- thats a drawback- and sometimes they go over- wayyyy over.  2 times ago, we had to walk out because a holiday was the next day and this guy was still going strong at like, 11:30.  Know when to stop!
The venue is hip-I love it.  Lava lamps in the walls and 2 bars.  Good service- really good service- I come from the hospitality industry and I have really high standards when it comes to food service, but these guys are polite and quick. The hosts also let you pick where you sit (if you ask nicely).  The benches in the back are the best.  Dont sit in the freakin front or middle if you want a lot of food or drink service! Isnt that obvoious? LOL.   These poor servers have to tip toe over 100 other poeple to get to you, be prepared with you want you want (BOTH ITEMS, YES) so you wont have to be searching for your server mid-show.  Duh.
Last time I went it was a FULL HOUSE!  I was sitting TOUCHING the stinky hippie who brought his own snacks next to me- ewww.  Speaking of food there- Good- the pizza, the chicken fingers, the meddietteranean plate, the caraffe drinks, the desserts.  Bad- everything else, esp. the fries are nasty!
They also offer 4 free tickets to any non special event show on the month of your birthday.  What a great deal, huh?!  I enjoy this place.
Also, which is GREAT, on Wednesday nights, street parking is free!! Another reason to get your ass there on Wednesday nights.Got last minute tickets to see Jim Gaffigan. Didn't get there too early and was way in the back of the line.  However we got some great seats.  Sat in a booth, middle stage.  Ordered fries & wings.  The wings were good, the fries not so much.  Had a good timeI was having such an amazing time UNTIL I went to this place.  The comedians were hilarious and then I made one comment and got booted.  I even got comped admission bc the manager messed up and kicked me out.  I legit did nothing.  Do not go to place.  Not worth your time.  B rate artists for too expensive prices.We saw Brian Posehn perform here recently and it was great. We took the train down from NYC, and were pleasantly surprised by Helium in comparison to New York comedy clubs. It's a large space, the beer was cold, the whiskeys were tall, staff was nice, and the bathrooms were clean. I'd return to see more shows.My sister and I went to the 4th Annual Phillys Phunniest Person Contest hosted by Helium on a whim.  The tickets were $15 at the door, which wasn't too bad, and the show was pretty good.  I appreciated that they take their "no heckling" rule seriously and the show moved along very quickly and in an organized fashion, which was impressive considering the 15 different comedians performing.
The only problems were that the show started almost 30 minutes late and the 2 item minimum rule really seems to slow down service quite a bit.  It would be nice if they just had a bar in the showroom and didn't rely on table service.  We ordered when we first sat down and the waiter didn't come back to ask if we wanted more drinks until it was last call.  By that point we were tired and full.  Most of the food we got was pretty gross (we got the nachos and the vegetables w/ spinach dip), but the brownie sundae was very delicious. 
I'd go back, but next time will make sure to eat before and keep my 2 items to beverages.My first time there this past weekend was for the Philly's Phunniest Person Contest. My friend, Mary Radzinski, was of course hillarious and qualified for the next round. Some of the others were funny, some not so much.
It was a sunday night and the place wasn't crowded. The one main complaint I have some of the previous reviewers have already mentioned. The drink menu is really limited. I am not a beer drinker which makes matters worse.  I am mainly writing this review to warn everyone. DO NOT ORDER THE BLUE LAGOON!!! It's one of the most yucky drinks I ever had. Totally ruined my night! It tooks 2 Vodka with Ginger and a Katel One martini at Drinkers afterwards to wash out the horrible taste!  
In an attempt to rescue me from my unfortunate drink choice, my friends frantically waved down 4 waiters and finally got our waitress to come, only to inform us that they were all out of Chardonnay and Miller Lite!  NO JOKE!I finally made it over here the other evening, after six years of living in Philadelphia.  It lived up to its hype with talented freelancers and good menu items.I've been to Helium over a dozen times to see various comedians from all over the place and I've never had a bad experience (except for one comedian who was so bad that we left early, not entirely Helium's fault).  They require that you order 2 items in the showroom which will run you about $16- $25 per person if you order a drink and a dinner.  Their food is decent; I usually order a paninni or one of their appetizers. To be honest I mainly go for the laughs so the food takes a back seat.  Their shows are usually crowded so I recommend you get here 15 minutes before showtime if you want a decent seat although there aren't many bad seats in this venue. Helium is definitely a good time, especially if the line up is good.The opening comics were decent but Chris Kattan sucked really bad!!! He was awful and he knew it! Other people thought so too.My first experience at a comedy club was EXCELLENT, and I have Helium Comedy Club to thank for that.  My sister scored us free tickets, not sure how, but we had to go early to pick them up.  Since it was so early, we ended up walking around the city to kill time before the show..NBD.  Also, not sure if it was because we were pretty early, but we managed to get parking on the same block as Helium.
Once we came back for the show, we had to wait in a short line to get into the main room.  We pretty much had to order (to fulfill the 2 item minimum) within the first few mins upon being seated in the main room.  That was kind of difficult for us as we didn't have much time to look at the menu.  If you're not really looking for something expensive they have coffee and tea as drinks.
We finally ordered hot chocolate, coffee, fries, and a seasonal spinach salad.  The salad was actually really good - it had spinach, strawberries, balsamic, and pecans.  Although it was good, I wouldn't recommend getting this as it's hard to really eat a salad and watch the comedians simultaneously.  The fries were a good option though, and I highly recommend asking for their honey mustard sauce.  I definitely recommend sticking with finger foods at an event like this.
The comedians were mostly good.  I was so happy Clayton English was the main act.  I had never heard of him before, but MAN is he hilarious.  There was only one person who opened up that I didn't enjoy as much as the others.  Not too bad, as these acts were a lot shorter.
I was surprised how quickly the time went by, and at the end of the night we didn't have to wait too long to get a picture with Clayton.  Overall, I LMAO all night, and would definitely come back here again!!I will probably return to Helium simply because there is nothing else quite like it in the area and I am a sucker for some good stand-up.  I have seen Bill Burr and Bert Kreischer there.  Let's face it, I will not find them anywhere else in Philadelphia.
If you go to Helium, I recommend going on a weekday.  The first time I went was on a Saturday and while waiting for the show to start, everyone was herded to the bar area and forced to wait in a completely disorganized fashion.  This leads to a decent amount of pushing and some nasty looks.  (Some velvet ropes would make a big difference.)  But that is ok, everyone will lighten up in a few minutes when Bill Burr starts ranting about life's little frustrations.  Once you make it in and you are seated, you are faced with the two item minimum.  This would not bother me except that I am not sure what two items I would really want after going there.  Their beer selection is pretty disgraceful.  In one of the greatest beer cities in the country, my best option was hoegaarden.  I tried the chicken skewers on rice.  The chicken was dry and not very flavorful.  
To their credit, the service has been fine and their in-house comedians are very funny.Love, Love this place..Staff very friendly and accommodating. Comics are always entertaining and for a comedy venue the food is on point and quick. I highly recommend this place for some good laffs and a cool night out. I'm big on reviews. So I like to give props where its due.I went here to see Steve Rannazzisi and was not disappointed. What a great venue! Fast service, really comfortable atmosphere, and solid entertainment. There were too openers to warm up the crowd and Steve was hilarious. The tickets were affordable and the staff did a good job of getting everyone seated quickly without any chaos.Helium used to be a great club but not anymore. Helium now treats their customers like they hate them!! It has become by far the worst comedy club I've ever been too!! I would go there 10-15 times a year when they first opened until about 4 years when everything changed. I saw Adam Carolla there and he used a series of slides for every single joke he told. I was seated to the side of the stage and could not see the slides, therefore I didn't get any of the jokes. When I tried to move my seat so I could see the stage security told me to "get the back to my seat or get out". Another time I attended a Colin Kane show and the sound went out and I couldn't hear him for about 15 minutes missing 1/4 of his jokes. Not even apology from Helium. When I brought this up to management after the show I was told " wasn't our fault he dropped the mic & the sound was eventually fixed". I could have gone to Louis CK last year when he was working out his latest hour but did not because Helium is so awful. I'd rather pay twice as much and see him at Wells Fargo Center instead, witch I did. The security there is the rudest and most unprofessional group of people I have ever encountered at any business. They are rude, condescending, arrogant assholes!Save your $!! Go see live comedy someplace else, anywhere besides Helium.A friend of mine decided to try his hand at entertaining a room full of strangers at OPEN MIC NIGHT, so we decided to go out and support him so he would have some friendly faces (read: pity laughers) in the audience. We really didn't know what to expect and we were all pleasantly surprised.
The open mic ran 8:00-10:00pm, was $5 cover, and a really good time. 
PROS
We got there right before 8 with a group of 6 and were able to sit close enough to hear/see but far enough to not get picked on. 
They ran through people REALLY quick, I think the "comedians" had a 3 to 5 minute limit, which was really great because although most of the people ranged from mildly entertaining to actually super hilarious, there were a few "ohmygod i feel so bad for this person, why are they here, I want to die of embarassment/awkwardness for them." And by the time you realized that, they were done. Polite claps/woos/chuckles/wipe brow/sigh of relief/PHEW.
What else are you doing on a Tuesday night from 8 to 10, really? (Check the calendar, it's not every Tuesday.)
$5 cover-totally reasonable and worth it. Service was good.
CONS
Drinks are a bit overpriced, as expected ($5-6 for cheap draft beers?). 
Seriously, (to those 2-3 awkward turtles) how do you not have enough self awareness to know how unfunny you are? I feel sorry for you.
Was here recently for another event (Livingsocial's Sumo+ Sushi event) and sat wayyy in the back and it was pretty hard to see. Don't sit there unless you are watching Sumo wrestlers (they're hard to miss).Can't stop going! 
They've got the best line up of comedies, affordable prices and something going on every night of the week. We've even joined the fan club email and get free tickets on our birthdays for shows of our choosing! 
Solid menu, with something for everyone, from lighter fare to a full meal.
The only reason I didn't give five stars was because of the two item minimum which is impossible to do because service is pretty slow. I understand you're there for a show, not food and drink... But then don't make a two item minimum per person.I came here on Friday night to see Stephen Rannazzisi from The League.  We got tickets to the 10p show, and I was really excited as I haven't been here for a while.
I purchased the tickets at Will Call, and showed up to the longest, and slowest moving line EVER.  Something had to be broken.  There is no way this place has such a lame system.  It took us a solid 20 minutes to get our tickets, and then we make a B-line to the dining room to grab our seats.  The host kindly seated myself (5ft 9in tall) and my boyfriend (6ft 4in tall and roughly 300lbs) in seats that were virtually on the lap of people behind us... with 0 leg room.  Making matters even more awkward, the put us at a table of 4 people who were good friends, and made them move around to accomodate us... We tried to get comfy, but honestly, we couldn't even sit down, so we moved ourselves.  We paid $50+ for this night so far, and hadn't even had the obligatory 2 item/person minimum yet.  The host came back, and moved us again.  We demonstrated our inability to sit at these seats, and they moved us to another table wtih another 4 top, but this table had some breathign room and a place to rest my drink, so we shut up and settled in.
The show itself was great!  the talent was VERY talented.  I stuck with beers so I can't comment to the stregnth of the booze, but I can tell you that if you order food- good luck!  It's so dark in there that people were having a tough time finding their food.  I couldn't tell if they enjoyed it or not.  I didn't eat, so I can't comment.
All in all- the show was amazing, and our spots ended up beign ok.  We watched as 2 other people were seated in our original seats.  They were much smaller in stature than my boyfriend and myself, and they looked equally as pissed off about having to sit there.  If they're really sellign this many tickets, they need to work out some sort of arrangement that allows people to comfortably sit for a few hours without angst.  Really not a big ask.  They're cramming the place to make a few extra bucks though, and its pretty lame.Shows are always going to depend on the talent of the comedian, but I've not really been to a bad show here.  Several decent acts come throughout the year, and even the local talent has been impressive enough to warrant a night out here.
The venue itself is great, I've stat stage-front, bench-seats, back tiered section; pretty much everywhere but the extreme sides (I don't often see the place filled enough to demand that).  None of the seats have been bad.  The whole place is pretty intimate, good lighting, good sound, everyone's close enough to see the sweat, so-to-say.
Food is moderate, drinks are tasty, if a bit pricey.  Two-item minimum, I've never had an issue with this during the standard 2hr-ish show.  I'd say *most* of my shows have had good service.  One or two, I feel like I've been forgotten...waiting through entire acts with an empty glass in front of me (always when in the further back section; maybe it's just that it's easier to flag someone when sitting towards the front), but overall, the personnel seem to just get your order and get out of the way as efficiently as they can.We have attended many shows and will continue to come back!!!
I wish there was a separate exit from the show maybe leading out to the front bar. It's a little hard to line up to go into your show and people are coming out of the last show lingering around....
The staff has always been nice  and the tickets are reasonable.