This was a delicious brunch with a chill atmosphere. Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had outside of the American south. And $4 mimosas where the OJ to bubble ratio was perfection. Thank you!Heritage's ambiance is awesome. The decor is beautiful and the live jazz is a nice touch. We had reservations for 4 people at 7pm. When we were seated it was empty then started filling up quickly. We started with appetizers of chicken wings and the Smoked Potato flatbread. I had the Heritage Breed Pork for my main. The service was excellent and I really enjoyed my flavorful entree. I will definitely be back, even to sit at the bar.What the hell happened?!?! Super cool place, awesome atmosphere, great music and good service.. But the food.. What happened to the food? 
I've been there twice for dinner in their first couple month and the food was delicious. I loved it. 
I sent my friends there for their anniversary and was so surprised when they said it was bad. Awful, to be exact.. So I went there last week and yeah... Pretty bad. 
The Brussel sprouts were so soggy.. Like the frozen lame kind that you steam in the micro.. The potatoes were bad- how can you ruin potatoes?? 
The steak on toast.. Lots of toast.. Very little steak.. And can someone tell me why the burrata was swimming in a string peas soup or whatever it is?
I think you get the point. 
Go there for drinks, but I do not recommend the food..Great place in the very cool Northern Liberties neighborhood.  Nice and stylish inside with outdoor seating as well.  The place was pretty busy tonight and had a live jazz band playing during dinner.  Both food and service were good.  Such a great looking place, try it!EXECELLENT food. Had the chicken, veggies platter, and crudo. Everything here was excellent. The drinks were okay, and the service I would give 4/5 stars (just had to wait a long time before getting our check). Other than that I will definitely be coming back here many times. It is a great place for a group dinner and all in all, affordable. The live music is phenomenal.This is my new favorite spot! A new hip and chill place to hang out and have really good food in Northern Liberties! From the service, to the food and finally the ambience this new restaurant is sure to be a major hit!Very nice ambiance. The music was great, the service as well. We have enjoyed the music a lot. The bread pudding was delicious.Came to have dinner here and I liked it. They have live jazz which is pretty good. The dishes, although pricey, are very delicious. I recommend people to get several small plates and share. Also the duck is really good.So. I reallllyyy liked Heritage. And I will most certainly be back. 
The atmosphere was great, it's open and spacious with a huge garage door opening out onto 2nd St. There is also a long bar that spans the length of the restaurant and an outdoor seating area. It reminds me of Terrain, if you've ever been there. 
Service was fantastic. Our server was so pleasant and made great recommendations, it felt like we were simply hanging out with him all night (but not in a clingy, overbearing waiter kind-of-way). 
We stuck to small plates for dinner. The mussels were huge, chicken croquettes were a must-order and the beet salad was my absolute favorite (I think I've had at least 3 dreams about it since).
And, the icing on the cake was the live jazz music! They have live music every night and during brunch on Saturdays & Sundays. I definitely want to come back for brunch!Went for brunch. Bluegrass band was awesome. Food was absolutely incredible. My husband had the breakfast platter, which had some of the best bacon I've ever eaten. I had the blackened shrimp. Portion was a little small but I kind of appreciated that because I wasn't obscenely full afterwards. The shrimp and grits were absolutely phenomenal. As a side we ordered the pheasant scrapple which was also incredible. And the food came very quickly which was awesome. Overall 5/5. Amazing.So the food here is actually pretty good; not amazing but about 3 stars, and the service here is attentive - no complaints there. The reason for the 2 stars is that they really need to do some research on the definition of "family size." The $30 duck and $28 pork dishes were barely enough to feed 1 person (forget it if you are 1 normal-sized, hungry person), much less having "enough to share." This is the first time that our group had to order more b/c we were still hungry. The check came out to be about $44 per person, not including tip, and I wasn't even full. I'd definitely going elsewhere, unless you like leaving hungry.The food was amazing.  Great vibe and location.  Would definitely recommend and go back again soon.  Loved sitting outside.  There was also a jazz band playing inside so after we ate our dinner we sat at the bar and listened.Worked with Valerie to coordinate a bachelorette party with the prefix menu. The food was AMAZING, we couldn't get enough of the kale salad, veggie plate and dessert!! The music was great and we had such a fantastic time. Everyone was raving and we can't wait to go back!!As a few of the other reviews mentioned, this place desperately needs a good BURGER option (or chicken sandwich) on the menu.  
While I enjoy the uniqueness of the menu, I would certainly visit here more often if they had a few more accessible options on the menu.  Given the fantastic beer list here, I think you would see business improve vastly.  
Free jazz music, beautiful room, amazing beers... so close to being a 5 star spot.Environment:
sat outside. great atmosphere. Outside is very relaxing in the evening an great for catching up with friends (i.e., you can hear them With just a enough Jazz rounding out the background ;).
Food:
Duck= amazing.
Vege plate = get it (whatever is on broccoli is magical).
Drink menu: could use a few more beer options.
Price:
a little on the high side but what you should expect for the type of dining and surrounding area.The food here is absolutely delicious coupled with the most amazing servers. We had a 2pm brunch when they lose at 3pm yet we were able to stay until 4pm. LJ was so nice and friendly and most importantly patient with our party of 11! The jazz band was a wonderful touch but the food was obviously what you will come back for!Went to heritage for brunch this past weekend with a group of my friends.  After hearing so many positive things I was really looking forward to brunch. The restaurant itself is beautiful.  The entire restaurant is open and there are plants and fresh herbs above the bar. 
Our reservation time was right at 1130 when the restaurant was opening so to start up service was a little slow.  Our server was very friendly and my one friend was given a drink on the house because of the wait time. 
There was live jazz music for the duration of brunch which I really enjoyed. I feel like in general there is a lack of good live music in philly- so that's a plus!
The food was wonderful.  I got the heritage breakfast plate which includes toast, eggs, bacon,  and home fries.  Everything was delicious... but oh the bacon.  Thick, center cut, crispy and amazing!  Great list of craft brews, local coffee, and cocktails.  Definitely one of my new favorite brunch spots- love!Live jazz. Good beer. Phenomenal food. Their food is some of the best I have had. Be prepared to spend a little bit of money, but know is worth every penny. I went with a group of 5 people. We sat, relaxed and ordered slowly. We all split everything making it even better (we tried almost half the menu). Splitting is the way to go and because the food is so rich a bite or two does it justice. The brisket was my favorite followed by the rabbit sausage. The service was wonderful and the waitress was more than helpful when ordering. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!My significant other and I were very excited to check out Heritage. It has a beautiful layout, open to the outside, plus live jazz. So, today, we went there for brunch. 
It is lovely inside...but downhill from there. It was pretty empty, but we were seated next to a couple with a small child. Not terrible, but a definite misstep. I'd seat a couple away from families. 
I ordered a drink called "Summer Breeze": gin, basil, lemonade, and cucumber. For $10, it was way too heavy on the sugary lemonade and light on the gin. Also, I saw the bartender drop a piece of basil on the bar and then casually throw it in my drink. It's a good thing I have a strong immune system, right? With so many great bars in the Fishtown/No Libs area, their house drinks should be fantastic; they should not be like Country Time lemonade from a vending machine with a couple of slices of cucumber. 
I ordered the Heritage Breakfast Plate: bacon, eggs, toast, and potatoes. It was OK. The eggs didn't have any real flavor -- other than egg flavor, much as one would expect from a diner. My significant other ordered the Vegetable Frittata. I guess it lived up to its name: there was a single, small shred of green in it. Overall, the food was much like the restaurant in a business hotel, where you really don't care what it tastes like because your company is paying. 
The waitress was very nice and we felt badly for her. The hostess or manager sneezed several times near patrons' food and was wearing shoes that barely covered her feet. That smacks of poor hygiene. 
Then, the jazz trio took a break shortly after our arrival and was replaced by hackneyed Motown music, like we were in a scene from "The Big Chill." Meh.
I hope everyone else who goes here has a better experience.Very happy to have a place like Heritage in our neighborhood. The music is great - we've been to Bluegrass Brunch on Sunday and we've also enjoyed live jazz on a Friday night. The space is beautiful - adorned with awesome plants, great natural light during the day and relaxing lighting in the evening. The food is really good, too- we had a really delicious dinner there with plenty of amazing vegetarian options. The brunch offerings weren't as interesting as the dinner options, but still tasty. The staff is great. Will definitely go back soon!One of my favorite spots in  Philly. I love the decor and ambience. The drink menu and tap list is amazing. I went for brunch once, which was totally amazing. I've never gone for dinner, the food is way too expensive for my budget. But I'm always happy to duck in for a drink.Great space with great friends and a real nice vibe. We must have had almost every appetizer on the menu and each and everyone was very good. As the Vegatarian in the group there were plenty of options. The food was flavorful and well presented. Mushroom toast, squash salad and a cauliflower dish all shone. Our party of four ended up sharing the noodle entrée and it did not disappoint.  Drinks were OK, my wife wasn't thrilled with her Moscow mule. The fruit crisp was delicious, a generous portion. The service started off strong, I think our server punched out and it was not a smooth transition. We went to hear live jazz, got there a little earlier than we had anticipated. It was primarily low-key background music until past nine. The ensemble that took the stage around 930 or so brought energy but still allowed for conversation.Great jazz spot, nice and open feel, great live edge wood bar, extensive whiskey list in a fun neighborhood. Definitely want to go back for dinner.Tremendous. Just a really different take on same old. Pig head, roasted potatoes, frois gras, all great!! Staff is attentive and gotta love the open air jazz feel. Looking forward to returning.Amazing craft beer and whiskey/bourbon selection.  Love the vibe of the restaurant, its super open and the acoustics are great for the music that goes on there.Bluegrass Sunday brunch was so savory, with a great band playing and amazing food. I had the special of pork belly and eggs and potato tacos, rest of the table had pancakes, eggs, thick thick bacon and much more.
Definitely heading back again. Would love to check out dinner and jazz on Saturdays too. 
We got there around noon and there were plenty of tables but it was getting filled by 1pmElegant, stylish, wide and tasty!!!
Seems like a new place, but be insured, you won't regret..I have been to Heritage a few times and love the fact that they have a live jazz band every night !! The food is good too!New on the menu  #grits with #bone bacon the best dish I had in many cities in the United States!  #chefkeepthisdishinyourmenuExcellent cocktails and jazz music bar none. The atmosphere was dark and warm like the jazz lounges of old (if only i knew what they were like). Service was great. Nothing more to ask for at an establishment like this. Will visit again.First time visit to this gorgeous space with our young adult kids and friends from NY. Our experience was just fantastic from our smart server to the live jazz band and of course the food. We did the seafood tower and wiped it out quickly with a round of beers and the fresh bread and herb butter...mmmmmm. Moved on to lots of small plates and a crazy noodle dish that we were fighting over. Even the roasted veggies were special. French press pot of coffee with chocolate peanut butter ice cream sandwiches left us all saying...we shall return.I can confidently say that Heritage is my new brunch spot when I'm in NL area!
I struggled to find a reservation for brunch on Mothers Day, but Heritage had an opening at the time I wanted. Sheer luck! For starters, Heritage's ambiance is great. A very country, rustic, souly vibe filled with live music and excellent service. -- When we arrived we were seated right away and the hostess was extremely approachable and friendly. We ordered a round of drinks and they both came out pretty fast. Heritage has great Bloody Mary's and for only $5!
Now the food. The menu was pre-fixed I believe which was fine, because everything looked enjoyable. I went with the pulled pork hash w/ sunny side up eggs. It was great! No complaints at all. My Mom ordered the heritage breakfast plate and loved it as well. 
They also have a small outside area attached as well!Boring. Happy hour cocktail: sangria?! The burger was OK, but small - more like a slider and $10 no fries. The mussels broth was a bit too salty. Happy hour prices for food were almost all the same as regular prices.
Very unimpressive. Not coming back.Planned the night out with friends to celebrate a few birthdays and what a Great place to have dinner! great food, great ambience, great service, live music, what more could you want? Definitely going backI had been to Heritage before for drinks but I finally came in for brunch for the first time today.
The ambiance of this place is great; solid layout, rustic decor and the urban garden makes you feel like you're in somewhat of an oasis!
The cocktails are carefully crafted, they have a solid draft list and excellent whiskey selection plus great wine options!
The food was also fantastic; my boyfriend had the duck sausage hash and I had the shrimp & grit cakes. Both were delicious, though my shrimp could have used a liiiiittle less salt. I look forward to trying dinner here!
Last, but not least, the live music is really enjoyable and something that's kinda hard to come by in Philly!Beautiful space with lots of wood and greenery decorating the bar. A very spacious space and overall cool atmosphere.  A nice place to go for a drink and some live music. We tried some of the smaller bites, and they were fine, just not memorable.  Will need to give the food another go next time.  Would return for the vibe, music and drinks.Went here for brunch this morning. We sat at the bar as there was a wait for table service. 
So many great things about this place. 
First... brunch on Sundays they have a live blue grass band. They were amazing. 
Second... they have 3-4-5: $3 dud beer, $4 mimosas and $5 bloodies till 3:45 amazing! 
Third... the food is great. Decent portions & really flavorful. We all were happy.
Lastly... the ambiance is great. Rustic and warm! 
I heard that this place was great for dinner, but never went. The brunch will 100% bring me back!!!I went there for drinks last night and I thought Heritage was amazing! They do not have an extensive list of cocktails or wines, however, they do have a huge list of beers. To be clear, even though their cocktails and wines were not too many, the ones they do actually have are delicious! My friends tried the gin/cucumber/lemonade drink and they loved it. I had the Argentinian Malbec and honestly it was one of the best I've ever had!
The atmosphere was so cool! They had live banks playing jazz and the decor was very well-thought, too. 
Next time we'll go for dinner for sure!We went during the summer, when the space was opened up to the street front. The decor is absolutely stunning, particularly the bar with the plants on the adjacent wall. There was a live blue grass band playing, which made it difficult to hear my friends. But it was still good entertainment. The food itself is excellent as well - I've only come here for brunch and had a sampling of my friends' dishes, all of which were tasty. I ordered a dutch baby, which was perfectly crisp and cooked, complemented with some delicious lemon curd.Drink the bourbon.  Eat the duck.
You're welcome.
It really was the best duck I've had in a long, long time.  
It's making me write more to count as a review so... My bourbon preference was bookers.Atmosphere- A+
Service- A+
Food- A+
We stopped in for brunch as we just moved to the hood and had missed them a few times during the week. We had the dutch baby (think smothered crispy crepe), bone-in bacon (porky belly), smoked baby potatoes, and the kunik cheese.
My favorite was the baby potato dish and the cheesy grits that came with the bacon! The pork belly was very soft and fatty for my liking, I tend to render it down more (so we got it to go and I plan on making a hash with it at home-- nothing goes to waste! And the flavor was awesome)
My husband liked the dutch baby a lot but he's dutch so.. Maybe biased. The cheese was interesting and very good but there's a lot of it so definitely need to love cheese!
Multiple gourmet coffee options.. Hubby went for cold brew which is a moron acidic coffee (like Panther if you're familiar) and I went with the stronger French press.
All in all we found a new spot be will be back soon for dinner! Cheers!Had dinner and drinks, outstanding experience.  The food is top-notch, excellent quality everything.  We tried a variety of things, including vegetable plates to share, pork, and brisket.  Extremely nice wines, especially by the glass, and amazing beer selection.  They did an incredible job designing the bar, really beautiful decor, woodwork, and plants.  Service was also excellent.  Very impressed.  Would highly recommend and will be back very soon.We met friends here the Friday night that blizzard Jonas hit. The restaurant only had a few other groups, but it still had a warm and inviting atmosphere. My hubby and I shared the roasted beets and kale salad, which is AMAZING! And the the roasted chicken dish, which was good as well. The live jazz was an added bonus that would absolutely bring us back!Went on a Friday night. They had live music playing. It was a little loud but certainly did not kill the mood whatsoever sitting and eating. Split 3 "small" plates with another person and we were full. No room for dessert. We got the mussels, gratin potatoes (which i was not expecting to look the way they did), and the brussel sprouts. The mussels were great. I usually do not like them in anything other than red sauce, but I highly recommend. The potatoes were pretty good. Nice crispy top layer. The brussel sprouts were also very good. They had a little tang and spice to them, but overall were great. The menu incorporates very different options from the norm and it was appreciated. Very fresh and original. Easy to read menu, with not many choices, which is a plus when choosing what to eat rather than reading a book. They have a full bar (which seemed to be a great area to hang out) and many great beers on draft. I would go again.I went there for a date night with my fiancee.  We had an amazing dinner...house sausage, lamb meatballs, and the chicken dinner.  The appetizers were way much better than the larger dinner (chicken was a bit dry).  The atmosphere was fantastic...live music and a really nice place for dinner with a special person!Food is awful. I got the lobster pasta. It was super dry and bland.. The place is nice overall but it's so sad their food sucks. I love the live band that was there.. lived up the place.. if they did not have a live band, it could be the worse! ‍Awesome spot for brunch! After leaving a horrific experience at a restaurant down the street, my party entered oh so pleasant Heritage for a wonderful dining experience. 
The layout of the place is darling with a big open feel (converted old garage) with lots of plants, big long open tables, cool light fixtures, live music and friendly service.
The whole table of 8 of us got a variety of options on the menu and I will just say no one left unhappy, the options were original and fresh, and the drinks were funky and delicious as well. 
I have to come back and check it out for dinner!I've been here several times for drinks but this was my first time for dinner.  Heritage has great ambiance, service and food.  They have a huge beer selection.  I had the rabbit sausage and it was delicious (it basically tasted like sausage). It's a great date spot with a jazz band playing in the dim light.
My compliant is the bathroom situation which doesn't separate men/women.  This doesn't match the vibe of the restaurant and it seems too close to the dinner area.  Otherwise, it was a good experience and the location/space across from the Piazza is cool.  I wish Northern Libs had a few more place like Heritage.I don't ever leave Yelp reviews but I'm incredibly disappointed in the experience had here.  My date and I went last night for a Valentine's dinner and we both feel underwhelmed.   We walked in at 730 for our 730 reservation and there was going to be a 10 minute wait, no problem at all.  We went to the bar and each ordered two different Bourbon drinks off the drink menu and they were both really good and the bartender was friendly and quick.   We then got seated in front of the live band but unfortunately the music was way too loud to hear each other so I asked if we could be seated at a table a little further away.  The hostess was okay with that, thankfully.   The waiter came by and was very enthusiastic and friendly, off to a great start.  He told us about the specials which sounded amazing, one was a seafood tower and the other was a truffle pasta dish.   After inquiring he recommended we share the Burrata and the Brussels sprouts.   The Burrata was easily the most disappointing Burrata I've ever had, it wasn't creamy at all, real hard to cut and was presented very poorly, in a bowl of water with onions and green beans, served with wheat toast.  The Brussel sprouts  were average, nothing to rave or complain about.  After hem hawing about what to have for dinner we asked the waiter to describe the seafood tower again.  He made this sound like the most incredible, elaborate, fresh seafood tower I'd ever seen - complete with fresh crab claws, shrimp, oysters, craw fish, albacore, and a seafood salad.  For $75 we expected nothing but great.  When it came out it was such a sad display.  It was on a small platter of ice, the shrimp were 4 cocktail shrimp that were not fresh, three crab claws, half dozen oysters, smoked flounder slices (I think), a small pile of cubed albacore, four or five tiny crawfish and a small seafood salad.  Maybe it's just because I'm a seafood snob or is because I actually expect my money's worth when I order something but it was utterly awful - considering it being $75.   Being in the seafood restaurant business the platter could not have cost the restaurant more than $15 in food cost.  The first crab claw I bit into was frozen, the second one my date tried to have was dry and she couldn't  get the crab meat off the tendon.  When the waiter came by he asked how it was, excited for our response because of how happy he was we ordered it and I told him we were honestly underwhelmed and disappointed because of the presentation and the frozen crab.  He said, "oh really? I'm sorry about that." And walked away.   My date finished the oysters and I had one cocktail shrimp.  Other than that we couldn't stomach to eat anything else and the waiter came by and took the platter away.   When he brought the bill he didn't offer to provide a discount or to remove the item from the bill.  Instead we paid in full and left extremely disappointed.  We should have taken the $175 spent there and gone to the market and made a meal 2300 times better than what we had consumed.  We would never recommend this place to anyone unless you're going out just for cocktails.The live jazz is really why one would come here. If you're coming for a drink, bar isn't anything special, though whisky list is decent. I've eaten here a few times and nothing ever jumps out at me on the menu as the choices are always such weird concoctions or out there pairings. Not a bad after work place to start but definitely not where you want to end up all night.We chose that place for a promise of jazz and dinner. Well, both were superb.
What should I start with? 30 beers on a tap. Fern salad and roasted duck, all top quality. Mussels are plentiful and juicy, jazz smooth, waiters helpful and knowledgeable. My respect to the chef, musicians and others keeping the place.This place is super cool. I brought my friend, who happens to be vegan, for dinner and drinks on a Saturday. The menu appeals to everyone, the carnivorous, the veggies, and the vegans included. The ambience is very unique and rustic, with plants hanging behind the bar area and wood paneling surrounding the restaurant. There is live music every night, Fridays and Saturdays being specifically jazz night. 
Our waiter was extremely helpful with selecting menu items and catering to my friends vegan needs. As I am very far from being vegan, our waiter put all of the sauces and cheeses that came with our selections on the side. 
The farm to table food was definitely fresh, and the food combinations were unique and flavorful. The plates are smaller and shareable, which I love so you can try a number of different menu items. I would highly recommend the crispy beets, the sweet potatoes, and the brussel sprouts.Unfortunately had a food allergy incident at heritage. I sat at the bar and had informed the bartender of my nut allergy. The food was great, but unfortunately a nut must have slipped on to the chef board. There were "bread crumbs" over a grilled romain that must have had a small piece of walnut mixed in. The manager was extremely apologetic when I informed her and promised to be more careful in the future.Love the vibe of this place. Their Sloop John B drink is my favorite. Only ordered food once, and it was dessert, which was really mediocre.Really great live music on Friday night. Has about 40 beers on tap! Great ambiance and very spacious! Fun place to hang out with friends or go for date night!Like 40 beers on draft. Live jazz.  Those two elements are automatic five-star.  Not because they have them and do them, but because they do them very well.  
Related to the Time bar in Center City, with some similarities. highly recommend.Been here a ton.  
The floor plan is a weakness, but I dont know shit about interior architecture.  
Great date spot.  Perfect volume level.  
Bartenders are top pros.  Food is different.Came here for girl night and we had so much fun hearing the live jazz! The place was very well decorative, and love the designs they made to put the place together. The food was seasoned well, we ended up getting egg noodle, beef tartar and vegetable plates. Although it was a bit overpriced for the portion it was really good and was worth the trip! I was never a huge fan of veggies but how they cooked it was perfect and I enjoyed tasting each veggies. Egg noodle is a must when you go there, it's used with mushroom sauce and I love mushrooms so this was perfect dish for me. The beef tartar was also very well seasoned and was a good starter to order. Overall it was a fun, cute restaurant.First time at Heritage & was really excited - went for my partner's birthday. Upon checking in & arriving promptly on time for our reservation with the hostess, she informed us that our table was not ready yet... and wouldn't be for another 20-25 minutes. 30 minutes later, our table was cleared & ready to go. A little disappointing to begin with. Our table required one of our backs to be faced toward the musicians the entire time, which again, a little disappointing. 
The foods was okay - definitely not impressing. We only ordered vegetarian things so hard to say what the meat-based menu was like. 
My recommendation & what I would do in the future would be to come during a happy hour, order drinks only, & sit at the bar, where you would have a clear view of the performances for the evening.Heritage would be what I want my restaurant to be if I were to open one.  Live music, dressy casual atmosphere and great food.  I came here for a friend's 30th birthday and was kinda mad that it took me so long to find this delightful place.  The staff there are attentive and kind and never lost their cool even when waiting on a table of 20 of us.  They planned a menu and everything for her which I thought was nice.  They also had an expansive bar and MANY taps with a lot to choose from.  Everything I had there was delicious, and I can't wait to go back again soon! DO NOT MISS THIS NO LIBS GEM!OK, to be fair we went on Valentine's Day, and everyone knows that you should never judge a restaurant on a holiday, when they are pushed beyond their limits.  Still, given the reviews here - and my brother's glowing opinion from a recent visit - we were very disappointed.  Pluses: terrific jazz group, Joe Breidenstine Trio.  Very good craft beer selection and good, strong mixed drinks.  And, in general, the atmosphere is pleasant, with natural wood patina and medium low light.  The stage was too brightly lit...I would put spot lights just on the performers. Too much back wall.  And, note to owners, put the name of the restaurant on the back wall...free advertising for photos of the band.  Servers were capable and pleasant.  Kind of a hipster crowd.  Now, the food.  Small servings were good for sharing.  The mussels were just fine.  As was the Country Terrine with pickles, mustard aioli, herb salad and house made bread.  Both capably made and presented.  The Vegetable Board was almost inedible.  Almost all root vegetables - carrots, beets, rutabaga, slaw, sweet potato. All hut the slaw were sauteed or otherwise heated, and all seemed just barely warmed...from raw.  The crucial conversion from starchy to sugary brown goodness - the Maillard reaction - never happened.  All the veggies were tasteless and crunchy and left a dry taste in our mouths.  Might try it again on a slower day.  This is a serious kitchen, but it was pushed to its limits last night.I went to heritage for the third time this past Sunday for brunch.  The awesome ambiance keeps me coming back.
The food is awesome; a creative selection served by friendly staff.  I have tried the frittata, dutch baby and the flap jacks, and they are all nothing sort of excellent.  Great brunch specials, including $4 mimosas until 3:45.  Definitely a place you can park it for a while with some friends.
The music is an eclectic mix of blue grass and country,  They feature a rotation of local artists and really make it unique.  It reminds me of the bars in Nashville.I was here again last month and the menu is still stupid.  There were only 3 people sitting at tables the whole 2 hours I stayed.  The service, music, and ambience are good, tho.  Be sure to eat somewhere else!I knew it was a good sign when my fellow Lyft Line rider announced that Heritage is "sooo good, and I'd really enjoy it" as the car pulled up to drop me off. She was right!
It was the final day of Philly Beer Week and I finally decided to "trek up" to Northern Liberties to check out the restaurant. Why? Pie beers. Cape May Brewing was having a big pie off event with ridiculous beers of all flavors. Blueberry Cobbler? Check. Strawberry Rhubarb? Mhm. Veggie Pot Pie? Yep. Obviously I had to go. It was a requirement.
Michelle P. and I arrived on the earlier side of the event -- just in time for brunch -- and sat at the bar. It's a long wooden bar with plenty of seats (and seatbacks, yay). On nice days, they have the doors open and it's quite the airy spot. Some of the seats were getting direct sunlight, though, and I'm glad we didn't sit there. Much cooler in the shade.
Service at the bar was seriously on point and super friendly. We never had to wait for a beer when ours were running low. They also filled our waters often. And it was nice to chat with the beer reps on site too, while we waited for our food.
I got the traditional breakfast plate with scrambled eggs. The bacon alone was worth the price. It was so thick and wonderful and everything that's right in the world. But the eggs and potatoes were good too. A bit non-traditional, with scallions I believe.
Once that was all eaten, I decided I wanted cheese. [I'd like to believe that's a normal decision post-brunch.] So I ordered the pimento cheese, which I also enjoyed, and somehow managed to go well with the beers.
Once we settled up, we opted not to compete in the pie (whipped cream) eating contest, and instead took more photos with the HOG (PBW's mascot), which was a nice end to our relaxed time at the restaurant.
I'd definitely like to return, perhaps for dinner, to see what it's like on a non-event day. But I'm sure it's just as great.We went here on a whim because it looked like a fun place.  With that, I will give it 2 stars for excellent beer selection and cool atmosphere.  
However, the food was SO overpriced-- for both the quantity and the taste.  We ordered:
Pig Head- okay, not great
Cauliflower- bland, boring and nothing special AT ALL
Chicken Croquette- these were like deconstructed buffalo wings and that was a surprise.  Not great but definitely interesting
Sweet potatoes- fingerling and overall disappointing
Brisket- Over cooked, fatty and-- again-- bland
Rabbit sausage- eh.
Overall,  grab a drink, hang out and then go somewhere else to eat.  Hopefully as they warm up to the area they will liven up the menu.  The live band was really cool too!The food was amazing.  Great vibe and location.  Would definitely recommend and go back again soon.Come for the: Live Jazz (every night! and brunch). 
Stay for the: Vibes- Seating that's not too close for comfort or loud conversations, has lots of seating, great pseudo outdoor ambiance (the garage door style lets in a nice breeze- bring a sweater, the plants inside and high ceiling make you feel like you're outside, and then there's also and actual outdoor seating if you want-but might miss out on the music), low light, kinda hipster, but not too hipster to bring your parents for Mother's Day (it'll make them feel hip).
Watch out for the: Prices (small plates add up fast!) Dinner for 3 with only 2/3 of us having one beer cracked $50 each.
Drink the: Good selection of drinks- beers (including, a cider and a sour), wines by the glass or bottle (bottles starting at around 50), and some fun looking cocktails.
Feel thrifty with the: OpenTable Points and Vegetable or Chef Boards ($25 for a smorgasborg of surprises). Although remember surprises can be a letdown. We liked the a la carte dishes better than the board, although the board was definitely a good value, with oysters, fish, gnocchi, sausage, and grilled romaine (it changes depending on the chef's mood).
Recommend the: Burrata with ramps and Rabbit Sausage (smaller portion was plenty)! 
Had a great dinner here and I was really jazzed that my parents liked it so much. The service was great and we appreciated the server's honest opinion reining us in when we over-ordered. Would definitely return with friends, a date, and will keep in mind for large groups and the summer!I went here with my friends and the waitress was very friendly. The atmosphere was very welcoming and we had a great time.  We had drinks and food and we felt welcomed and enjoyed the food and drinks. Would definitely recommend.We were very excited to eat here, the ambiance looked great, and so did the beer list. HOWEVER, the food that continued to come out was awful. The sweet potatoes tasted like kerosine from the grill, and I mean it tasted like I ate a bucket of pure kerosine. The 13$ squid couldn't feed a toddler (extremely small portions) and was terrible to boot, and the kale was most definitely spinach. Lastly, the brisket was over cooked and extremely tough to eat/chew. On top of it all, our waitress had no idea what was on the menu and made poor recommendations and explanations of the food. We ended up paying $60 and going across the street to eat dinner at another restaurant. This was a huge let down, I can only help that they get it together or this place won't last.I come here all the time and while I'm glad it never gets too crowded I am amazed. Food is very good (a little more expensive compared to its neighbors) but they value is great because live music 7 days a week! Wonderful ambiance!This restaurant is FABULOUS.  From the decor to the beer selection- the bartenders and the hostesses- everything is wonderful.
My likes:
Terrarium-esque decor
Chandeliers made from brass instruments
Friendly Staff
Matches at the front
Intriguing Menu
Fabulous beer selection
Inviting facade
Dislikes:
The shared restroom
Please note that I do not typically go here to eat- but for the beer.  This establishment has knowledgable and personable bartenders and a wonderful selection of draft beer.  The bar is long and the bar stools are comfortable and inviting.  I will recommend this to anyone visiting Philadelphia.I've had brunch at Heritage twice now, and have really enjoyed it both times. 
On my first trip, I had the biscuits and gravy, which is always one of my favorite comfort foods and I'm happy to see it on any menu. On my second trip, I had the pulled pork hash, which was delicious! The meat was full of flavor and the potatoes were perfectly crispy. 
They do $4 mimosas and $5 Bloody Marys during brunch hours, which is awesome. Service has been great both times, and the place itself has a nice atmosphere with trendy industrial decor and a ton of plants. 
I'll definitely be back!Had a great time at Heritage. We and another couple wanted some music with dinner and decided on Heritage. Warm night so garage door was closed thankfully. Seated right on time. Wait staff is both attractive and very professional. Our server quickly went over the menu (I say quickly which was good - don't like wait staff that thinks we can't read). Drinks ordered and she came back in timely matter to take order. Everyone enjoyed their meals - rabbit sausage   Duck confit    Pork and mussels    Oysters    Beet salad. 
No rush service,  wait staff excellent and music was perfect. All in all nice night out.Food is great! Cocktail rocks! Love Summer Breeze ! Music was a little bit loud but love the food there!   Had a great time!Poor service, late food, lack luster music performance. Overall disappointed with Mother's Day brunch. Second time here, don't waste your time.Found a great parking spot- lucky! We had the option of outside seating - perfect weather. We were advised by a friend to have several appetizers and skip the entrees. Bread with a garlic butter was brought to the table.We ordered the small vegetable board. An interesting array of  vegetables, grilled asparagus, smoked potatoes, green beans, mushrooms and another green with delicious unique flavors. We also ordered chicken croquets (3)..very good. We had 2 drinks each and ordered desert- a peanut butter chocolate cookie sandwich...it was amazing!!! Had a press decaf coffee.  Very cool jazz playing and the huge garage door was open to the street. Our waitress, Liz, was adorable and very knowledgeable about the menu and the seasonal dishes. I highly recommend trying HeritageEnjoyed a lovely local meal at Heritage recently, including a unique, tasty cocktail called "Nothing But Flowers..."  Perfect for Mother's Day!  FiddleHead Ferns, Kunik Cheese and a Small Vegetable Board left just enough room for a shared Ice Cream Sandwich.  Share everything here - you're going to want to taste every delicious dish.  High ceilings and lots of wood, and a stage - where a small jazz band played during dinner.  An enormous menu of beers hangs behind the stage, reminding you of all the tasty craft brews that are available.  A great new addition to the Philly dining scene...My party had just come from vintage wine bar (same owners) where we were ignored by the bartender for 10 minutes before she took our drink order. We had one drink there and then went to heritage before a holiday party we were attending for work. The kitchen was backed up which I get it. It happens I'm in the industry, it gets rough. We ordered the mushrooms, sweet potatoes and kunik cheese. The cheese never came out, the sweet potatoes were not seasoned (no salt on tables or else I wouldn't have commented on it), and after having an in depth conversation with our server about me having celiac they garnished the mushrooms with fried parsnip (I can't have anything out of a contaminated fryer). Now I get that the kitchen was under staffed but the last time we saw our server was when he took our food order and again when we asked for the check and made him aware we never got the cheese and asked him to make sure it wasn't on the check. We enjoyed the jazz band and our server was really nice. Must have just been an off night for them.wow what a gem in north libs! fantastic addition to the philly dining scene. 
my bf and i had a wonderful experience here! the atmosphere of the music, the garden and the modern rustic decor.. heritage carries a very unique charm! maybe this is just me, but i thought i was dining in LA again.. a very west coast vibe. lol 
the food was great!  i had my doubts seeing some of the reviews so we didn't go too adventurous with our choices.
we had the:
( smoked baby potatoes with garlic aioli served with shredded scallions )
i believe the potatoes were fried.. and smoked! it carried a very thick aroma to it and the aioli was definitely necessary.  though, the hint of garlic was faint-- i liked the scallions on top, but wished they chopped it up in fine bits and sprinkled it all over rather than the couple strands to garnish.  the portion is generous and great for sharing!
( duck sausage with egg )
this was my first duck sausage! and i loved it! it was served with grind pepper and something else.. the sausage is very well seasoned and so full of flavor.  it wasn't dry at all and the peppery kick really nailed the dish!
( the brisket )
another great choice if you enjoy the smokey/bbq plates.  it's served with their bbq sauce and some cold slaw.  overall, i really enjoyed it.  the meat was very tender but it didn't feel like your typical brisket--- it actually reminded me of canadian bacon where the meat looks like it was glazed. lol 
( mushroom egg noodles )
looks like this was one of the most popular dishes at heritage so we also got it to try.  i was expecting some kind of chinese fusion dish from the name "egg noodle" lol but it was much more similar to a wild mushroom pappardelle dish.  i love mushrooms so naturally this sparked fireworks in me~ super savory with so much mushroom! lol the only thing i can say is that it could use less salt... maybe that was just me.. the sauce was thick and the noodle was slippery so the sauce didn't really catch on... mayb if they switch to like ragatoni or rotini where the pasta will catch more sauce more evenly then it will be a better mixture.  overall, it was delicious!
definitely worth a visit!! perfect for date night and i plan on bringing my ladies here to catch up on GNO :) heritage is here to stay!Great spot to grab a drink. Well lit and live music. 
Check it out!Was here recently and it felt like I was in a scene from an episode of Portlandia if you're familiar with the show . It was early evening around 6:30 and there's 2 hipster guys on the stage playing the xylophone and keyboard, people were snapping/clapping following songs, and there is a garden/plants along the walls above one side of the space. I actually enjoyed it, but was laughing with my friends about it at the same time. Very minimalist and organic decor in the space. They offer happy hour with good selection. I didn't try it, but have heard great things from my friends about the beef tartare. They have a nice patio/outdoor area that offers table seating. The bar is nicely stocked with a variety of great quality liquors and interesting wines. The service here was wonderful. Our waitress was very attentive, friendly and offered great descriptions of the menu and drinks. Overall, had a good experience here and would return for some of the live music in the future.Went here with some friends for dinner Saturday night and we were all impressed.  First of all, the bar and decor is fantastic.  I definitely want to go back soon and just hang out at the bar and listen to the live jazz music.  Beer and brown liquor selection is top notch, and even spotted a few things on tap that I haven't seen before.  
For food we went with the small plates and ordered pretty much one of about everything.  Standouts were the Kunik cheese on house bread with grilled ramps and baby bok choy.  Insanely delicious.  Also the smoked baby potatoes, the lamb jerky and the pig head torchon were all stand outs.  We also greatly enjoyed an assortment of desserts that were out of this world!  Will definitely be coming back here sometime soon.Great experience here Friday night for drinks. Loved the ambience and the open-air vibe at the front of the restaurant. It was packed, but service was solid. It was so refreshing to have such hospitable service at a place in Northern Liberties, which I feel is home to some of the crappiest service in the city. Draft list was extensive and the bartender poured samples for those we were unfamiliar with. A welcomed addition to the neighborhood.I was thoroughly underwhelmed with this restaurant.  The decor was good, they have a decent cocktail selection, and the service was ok but the food was boring and it was over priced.  When I opened the menu, I was dismayed that there were about 8 entrees and most of them were $28-$30 a plate.  I have no problem paying that for an entree but I'm not going to pay that at a restaurant that isn't really renowned for their food.. We decided to split the pasta entree, and ordered the cabbage salad, and the mussels.  The cabbage salad looked great but was bland.  The mussels were ok, nothing special, and the pasta mushroom entree (cheapest entree $23) was mushroom overdrive.  I would go here for drinks and maybe brunch but that's it.My husband and I were looking for a place to have a quick dinner and some drinks before going to an event. We have heard of this place but didn't think to much into it. 
When we arrived, the decor was super cute and rustic. There were fresh plants hanging at the bar but everything looked super sleek. My husband and I sat at the bar for a little before getting seated for dinner. I ordered the drink "Back Down South" which was bourbon, sweet tea and lemon verbena syrup. OMG it was to die for! I was worried that it would be too strong but their homemade syrup made it perfect. It was refreshing and smooth. We shared the beef tartar app and it was delicious. 
When we sat for dinner, we were informed that the food was not set up in the typical courses. The food was served as they were finished being prepared. We had the bluefin pate which was good but a little overwhelming for me. My husband ordered the rabbit sausage and I ordered the half roasted duck. Both dishes were amazing. While we were having dinner, a live band had set up and started playing jazz music. 
My husband and I love live music, great food and tasty drinks. There is no doubt in my mind that we will be back!Went to Heritage to see our friend Kevin who is the GM at the restaurant after hearing really nice things about it, they were all true. The restaurant is beautiful, great open space, high ceilings, but one of those spaces that does not bounce sound especially since they have bands playing. The beer menu is incredible with over two dozen beers on tap with a great wine and bottle menu. The real treat was the food. 
We did small plates, although a Kevin had us try the pheasant and grits entree. We had the oysters which I think just jumped out of the ocean they were so fresh and delicious. After, we had the blue fish pate, the incredible brussel sprouts and the sausage. Each was great, fresh, perfectly cooked and a treat. The pheasant dish was beyond good, very nice farmhouse presentation and the bird pieces cooked to perfection. 
Great live dinner music along with a fun, attentive and very nice waitress who knew her stuff made the night great. Having a Kevin show me some of the nooks and crannies of the incredible space was fun and I learned a lot. 
Thanks you Kevin and Heritage for one of our better Friday nights out in a long time. We will certainly be back and with friends and family next time.Where the heck am I?  I am sitting in a huge space on second street and a glass garage glass door is open, letting the air of an early Spring evening refresh a dining area that is sparse and casual. Live mellow jazz is wafting through the air, while a plethora of green plants thrive up above and around near the ceiling that has windows above letting light filter through.  
A super lengthy bar with a lovely 20+ draft options take up the length of almost the entire dining room and a cool looking instrument chandelier floats down from the ceiling as the sweet sounds of a xylophone pierce through the idle chatter of people gathered for this place's soft opening.  I have no idea where I am.  This is not a place that is born of this neighborhood, and that's pretty damn cool for once.
Though we are near the piazza, this place is nothing nowhere close of what that (now-awful) place has become, phew.  Welcome home, Heritage.
First dinner here was not one that blew my socks off, but the service was super, duper top notch.  A menu unlike the fare that the other places around here serves, is a very welcome sight.  What's that you say? Foie gras? Romanesco cauliflower?  Heirloom carrots? Day boat cod and for the love of all things delicious, a vegetable board? So ambitious.
The dishes were all beautifully plated and well prepared, but the final product did not deliver as I had hoped.  The Foie gras, though yummy, came out not as a whole foie, but as a paté - the paw paw bread was excellent as well as the fresh turnips, giving the dish such brightness and balance. Wish the foie had been whole, and that there had been more of it.  The Romanesco as delivered was also delicious, but heavy on the potato (in fact, the potato was heavily featured in many dishes, maybe a bit too much in my opinion)
Day boat cod was a generous portion, cooked to temperature, and the broth was positively bowl licking good, but again, something failed to bring the two together.  The chicken croquettes were perfection, while the grilled squid was not. Not very grilled, and not a lot of squid and a dish I probably would not order again (too much potato again, not enough squid,).  All in all we finished up the meal with a semifreddo ice cream sandwich that sent us happily on our way.
Love the live jazz.  Call me a yuppie, but after Ortliebs returned on the scene and left the jazz out I was heartbroken.  Nice to see a venue bring it back in full force.  The place itself is fresh, big and the bar is amply sized.  Not loving how close some of the two tops are to the bar (nothing worse than dining with people's bums in your face)  Hoping the menu comes together, because I want to come back!As a neighbor to Heritage, I was delighted to see such an inviting and different space. The soft jazz is terrific!
I have now eaten at Heritage 4 times. The first couple visits were during the "soft opening" and, as neighbors, we wanted to scope the place out before the crowds come. 
If you are a beer drinker there is a nearly unlimited selection. If you are a wine drinker, not so much. 
My suggestions regarding drinking:
It's ok to have a shorter wine list, but make it damned good if you are going to charge $10-14 dollars a glass. Also, make sure you have enough so you don't run out (and still be out 2 weeks later ...).
A cocktail menu is a must. Especially for a cool jazz spot like this. 
Lastly, the food:
The good: rabbit sausages were terrific, as were the carrots and the raw oysters. Truly exceptional.
The bad: the "brisket" was tough and odd, the kale was tough and odd, and the crudo was small and bland. The prices are very high. Not just for the neighborhood high, but just too high for what you get. Dinner for two, that doesn't blow your mind, should not be $200. (Just to be clear I am a middle-aged professional, not exactly on a college student budget, and I thought it was still too expensive).I was pretty excited to get to this fairly new and highly praised new NoLibs spot, but quite underwhelmed.
The place looks like a million bucks, cool outdoor spot, giant open garage door in the front, lots of plants and wood, very organic feel. Nice ambiance. 
Jazz trio came in at some point during dinner and that was also awesome. This was a Sunday night so it was good they had entertainment. 
Disappointment begun at the drinks. Paid over $10 for a cocktail that was tiny and tasted like all juice. Also not a very large selection of cocktails to pick from. Switched to wine after that which was great, with a large selection. 
Waitress came for our order and told us they were out of a few things bc they "had a busy night" the one before. They were out of multiple things (almost all of the seafood and some meats) we were going to order, so that was a bummer bc the menu is pretty small. 
Regardless we ordered a bunch of the apps: kunik cheese (this was the crowd fave), the potatoes (basically hash browns?), the sweet potatoes (these were yummy), the foie gras (also a crowd favorite) and the beet salad (mixed reviews). All good for the most part.
Then the entrees/larger plates we got were the trout, the half chicken and the rabbit meatballs. This is where things went really south. The trout came first and was SO fishy smelling, almost like it was bad. Then we discovered it was so immensely salty no one could eat it. We had to send it back. The chicken came and was also very salty, and had what seemed to be random grilled veggies strewn on it. Hardly any meat, very lackluster. Rabbit meatballs were not for me, very gamey, but maybe that's how rabbit is? 
Anyway, we did get a free dessert, and the trout off of our check, so that was nice. Waitress was super nice and understanding. Will probably give it a second chance maybe for brunch next time.5 starts across the board. 
We had the caviar , house sausage, oysters and the beat salad ( a bit salty for my liking ) we also had the pheasant as out on tray and shared the apple bread pudding. 
Everything came out perfectly season and at correct temperature. The flavors were distinct and each one was unique. Pheasant was out of this world moist and flavorful. Very reasonably priced. 
Staff was attending but not overbearing and the music was also a nice touch. Loved it and will definitely be backExtremely unhelpful service, not mention food wasn't that great. Wouldn't recommend it they had great live music and style of the restaurant was definitely clean and seems chill...but guess just stick with the drinksGreat restaurant. Arrived without a reservation but it was early enough that we got seated right in front of the band. This made conversation a little hard but it was still manageable and enjoyable. Great atmosphere. There is a seating lounge by the entrance/hostess stand, then the bar on the right and tables on the left. The far back looks to have a more intimate space. I also heard they have an outdoor area? The restrooms are unisex private stalls. Just be careful entering/exiting to avoid collisions with the kitchen. 
Very friendly service. Since I was meeting someone, I didn't get to interact with a hostess but our table service was great. Everything came out in a timely manner. 
I tried the flower cocktail and it was floral but not enough to be repelled by it. Extensive beer list. The bread and butter was delicious. Foie gras was fantastic. Brisket dish was also worth trying. The rabbit sausage with grits was tasty, however I regretted it as it was very heavy comfort food that made me want to take a nap!
No downsides, aside from having to find parking in an area like Northern Liberties where I'm not as familiar with. Didn't see valet parking service. Will need to explore more to find parking lots/garages, if any.Stopped in to Heritage for a quick drink while waiting for a wedding cocktail hour to start across the street. The atmosphere was cool and open, and the restaurant wasn't crowded on a Sunday afternoon. We sat at the bar and enjoyed cocktails from their happy hour menu. The bartender was friendly and helpful! Our visit was short and sweet, but I will definitely be back to sample their food and have another delicious cocktail!I've been here only once and on a very busy day but the food was delicious and I definitely would recommend. The ambiance of the restaurant is great too and sometimes they have live bands playing.Heritage has placed itself at the top of my bar charts while living in Philadelphia. I recently moved to Northern Liberties and found myself often walking up and down 2nd Street to find a new "local" spot to call my own. Being a music fan, I was immediately drawn to the sweet sounds of a nylon stringed, jazz guitar from the street. I poked my head in with my girlfriend and saw an incredible layout of a rustic, DYI looking bar with a live jazz band. We headed in for a drink and needless to say, we've been back many times. 
The service is always on point and the beer selection is great! I will admit, their Old Fashioned was pretty weak, so I would avoid any cocktails but the bartenders are very friendly! The wait staff is also great the few times I've eaten there! The food is a tad on the pricey side, especially for that neighborhood but well worth it for a date spot!Great restaurant... Ambiance and food are 5 stars. Very cool place to have dinner or just enjoy a drink. The chicken and trout dishes we had were amazing. The service was ok... Efficient  but not friendly.  I would recommend this restaurant.Good food and even better vibes. So good to have more and more places in Philly support our strong Jazz scene. Keep it up.Food was unique and executed very well; I had the pheasant scrapple which was super.  Decor is open with lots of light.  Pricing was fair and accommodated both big and small budgets.  I was there for Sunday brunch which also featured a live band.  I thought the sound was great, maybe a little loud if you were hoping to chat with friends, but the band (bluegrass) was perfect for the setting.
Parking is not great, but nothing unusual for the area.Best brunch in Philly! Great music, amazing food, awesome service!Came here the other night - didn't eat - but had some drinks and we enjoyed the live music they had. Had a huge drink menu which was nice and the place is big and looks cool inside. Will update when I try the food!Came in last week while visiting my brother in NoLib--I only wish I could've stayed longer so that I could come back here! Fantastic craft beer selection and an absolutely incredible Jazz jam band. My only (minor) complaint is that the food is a smidge overpriced, but that's typical in the neighborhood. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, hot as hades musicians (although I'm sure they vary from night-to-night)--definitely worth a try, and another one, and another one...We went here for Valentine's day and the entire experience was superb. The live music was great, the service was good, and the food was excellent! We got the fish special dish with cauliflower and the filet. We also split the brussel sprouts which were really good! It is a little pricy but good for a special occasion.Great food, good vibes, sexy and dark with live music. Would definitely go back!i live in the area and this is my favorite bar to come for a date night or to chat with some friends. it's not too loud which i appreciate and the live music is always amazing, sometimes reggae sometimes blues/jazz. the cocktails here are also awesome. i personally love the firestarter, delicious. 
i have yet to try any of the food here but i'm hoping to do so soon! when it's nice out they'll open the big garage door thing and there's also outside seating. the interior decor and vibes here are very fresh and relaxing, i'm a huge fan.I went to Heritage on a Thursday night. I ordered Beef Tartare, Burrata and Rhode Island Mussels.The Beef Tartare was delicious, with a vinaigrette taste, and came on a toast. So good! My favorite!
Burrata with roasted squash was also amazing. Mussels very fresh and not chewy at all.
It was a Jazz band playing that made of a regular Thursday night a perfect night! I will be back soon!Live music is always amazing, but the food is a little bit of a disappointment. Seems like they're trying to be something they're not. Brussel Sprouts are pretty much just sitting in a cheesy ranch sauce, and their Kunik Cheese is a little boring considering the high price. All around mediocre experience. 
Service is unbelievably on point though. Just step the food game up, Heritage! Don't try to be something you're not.The service here is awful - we waited 30 minutes for a drink order and we had to ask for water, and utensils The music was so loud the tables were vibrating.
There is no way this is one of the top 50 restaurants in Philadelphia 
I would not go back or recommend it to anyoneFirst off free jazz and NO COVER CHARGE!!  Waiter was very friendly and helpful ..food was excellent...will be back for sureI went the first warm day of the season for happy hour with a friend- and just HAD to go back to share it with family just a week later. They have a $50 special with a dozen oysters and a bottle of bubbly that really warmed up the meal. The menu is short, but covers all palates! I loved the beef tar tare, the Brussels sprouts, asparagus and lamb shank! When I returned with family the next week, the Brussels sprout were sadly no longer on the menu, but replacements were just as delicious. 
The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is the service! We were asked if we had a reservation when we arrived, and had to wait while the hostess checked the computer, and went to talk to the bartender. We were seated in a completely empty restaurant- so I'm not sure what that was all about. The waitress was not patient when we had questions about the menu items, and was very vague in explanations. No one came to check on us, and when we asked for the check it took forever to come and pay out. We ended up taking the bill up to the hostess stand to pay.
I go for the food, and the ambiance- not the service!I love everything about Heritage. They bill themselves as a Jazz bar - and that they are - but I cannot overstate how great their food is.
My friends and I went to this open space bar/restaurant in the mood for a serious meal in a fun, casual setting. We sat indoors rather than on the patio but near enough to the open garage storefront to catch the beautiful weather.
We had several starters or small plates each which were better than the next. The smoked potatoes were out of this world with flavor. So was the kale salad. To name a few.
For dinner we ordered the family style chicken with dumplings, the vegetable tray and the porterhouse (which came with bone marrow.)  Yum all around. And if I have one complaint it is that I wanted more dumplings with the chicken. 
What is interesting about this menu is that when I first looked at it, the food looked a bit hearty for my taste. I wasn't totally enamored with the options. Now I can honestly say that I could have closed my eyes and been happy with anything on the menu.What a fun experience!
We had a party of 4, and had a lovely dinner last night at Heritage.  The inside was dim but inviting, with plants tumbling down the back wall of the bar, full of a diverse group of diners.  A great band played lively (but not deafening) tunes while we ate.  The hostesses and servers apologized profusely for seating us no more than 15 minutes later than our reservation.  The staff was knowledgable but not pretentious- everyone who came to our table was able to answer questions about the food and preparations.  Our water and wine glasses remained full, but no one was pushy about the table ordering more drinks.
We had the 30oz rib eye with potato pancakes and veal marrow.  Its a huge portion but for 4 people with lots of sides it was a reasonable amount of food.  For such a large portion of meat, it was really well prepared, with some earthy greens on the side.  We also got the large vegetable platter, which features 8 uniquely prepared seasonable vegetables.  Each preparation of veggies was thoughtful and deliciously executed.
For a restaurant that has only been open for less than 4 weeks, they seem to have their act together.  Our only complaint was that we didn't get steak knives with the rib eye, or spoons with dessert (which was fine- we used our hands!).  But if those are the only short comings of a new restaurant with an exciting delicious menu and well-trained friendly staff, I can hardly complain.This place was all I hoped and a food coma more. The ambiance of the restaurant itself was lovely. We had the good fortune of sitting outside in perfect weather with a sunset, soft jazz filtering out, and candlelight. The waitstaff (straight up NoLibs characters with amazing mustaches and plenty of tattoos to go around) were very attentive. 
The food was amazing. The menu is family style with various sized plates. We had two starter-sized plates the kale salad and the potatoes. The smokiness in the aioli the potatoes came in was delicious beyond comprehension. My boyfriend had the duck confit which he loved. I had the rabbit sausage with the squash and grits. I don't know how they got the grits that creamy, and I don't want to know. We shared the peanut butter semifreddo sandwich which was addictive. 
The inside is definitely a bit louder, but do yourself a favor and check this place out while the weather is still glorious. Just be prepared to fail if you like to 'taste just a bite' because every plate was too good not to completely clean.This place was very cool.  They offer live jazz pretty much all the time (schedule is posted online if you want to check it out).  It was modern ad clean on the inside with a long bar.  The bartending staff was very friendly and attentive, but I will caveat, my sister ordered a bloody mary on special and was asked what vodka (it was a Sunday afternoon, brunch time).  She was given a few options, but should have answered whatever is on special because the options were not and they were an upsell.  Her intent was to get the special.  I think the bar should've clarified that and not tricked her into the upsell. If it wasn't for that I would have given 4 stars.Love this place! Went for a special dinner with my family. The atmosphere was fabulous. The door was open and was very comfortable and laid back. Had fiddleheads and ramps, kale salad and 1/2 chicken, tried several beers on tap with the white chocolate cheesecake for dessert. Everything was good to very good. Service was excellent (take some lessons Dmitris). The 2-piece band was FANTASTIC. Very happy to have this addition to the neighborhood.They're extensive bar selection beers vodkas and of course bourbon scotch and whiskeys was very cool. The architecture and design was nice and open. Food was awesome. I had Lancaster chicken and potatoes. Very well made. Wife had burger and potatoes. We were a happy couple. They're one cider there is a nice summery  touch as well. Recommend definitely. Staff is friendly and on point.Went with a group of 4 on Saturday night and had a great experience.  Heritage comes from the same people who do Time and it has a similar vibe - great live music and a very warm atmosphere.  The place just looks amazing - from a chandelier made from brass instruments to the garage door to plants on the wall, they nailed it with the design of this restaurant.  When we were there, we got to hear 2 jazz bands which was a big part of the draw.
After reading the reviews, I was expecting overpriced & mediocre food (kind of strange that we still went, I know) - but we went anyway, figuring it would still be a fun night out with great cocktails and live jazz.  Maybe it was the low expectations... but, we were all very impressed by the food & the service.  The prices were maybe a little high - but, not crazy (dinner, dessert, drinks & tip was $350 for 4 of us and we left stuffed).
For me, the vegetables were the highlight - ramps & fiddleheads are in season right now & they knocked it out of the park with their fiddlehead fern appetizer.  Beyond that, the mushroom pasta (under $20) & half portion of roasted chicken (about $20) were great - especially the cheesy dumplings they served with the chicken.  For dessert, they had a peanut butter ice cream sandwich that was fantastic.  If I'm being picky, the kale salad was just ok (basically a Caesar salad with kale), as was the bread.
Not a lot of places in Philly have live music & a great atmosphere to go along with your excellent food and drink (did i mention those 36 craft beer lines?).  Highly recommended.Rarely have I had a meal that satisfied so completely. From the food, to music, to service, this beautiful restaurant simply wins. Our group came in on Monday evening and were seated after a short wait up front, about four tables from the stage. The three piece jazz band was mid-set and immediately I felt at home. Our server Steve came over for the drink order and suggested this awesome pilsner for me, and once the drinks came (which were amazing) we quickly got to ordering. 
After much deliberation we decided on beef tartare, sea bass crudo, green beans with mint and goat cheese, chicken croquettes, a crispy kale salad, and the foie gras. I'm not even kidding when I say that after the meal I was left speechless.
After a day of thinking, I realize I could write a full college essay on the flavor profiles and nuances used in each dish, but unfortunately I don't think the average reader wants to get into all that. Needless to say, no matter what you get here, YOU WILL BE PLEASED!!
Shout out again for Steve and the amazing service and evening!! Can't wait to return and blow my mind again...:)...what? ...smooth atmosphere, excellent live Jazz...food and such a bit on the "hoytie-toytie" side...but a worthy successor to Ortliebs (for those who knew)...
FYI...an exchange:
Wife: "Why are we just finding this place..."
japii: ...offering reminders of the prior few attempts...
Wife: "Oh..."
...return visits anticipated...I thought the food here was really good and the decor was great, but there was live music and the woman really could not sing. Couldn't carry a tune. It was distracting to say the least. Not sure how they choose who is on stage but I wouldn't go back in fear of a repeat. 
It's too bad.Excited to see a new spot open in the neighborhood we quickly made reservations for a Saturday night. Unique in its size for the neighborhood and Philly dining, it also appears to accommodate groups very well.
Service was friendly and excellent. Like the vibe, beautiful interior and certainly more beer selections than you could ever ask for. Food was all very good but is a miss at the price. Nothing really blew us away and were above prices I even expect at some of my favorite Center City restaurants based on quality and portion. Same goes for the drinks, I know people don't mind paying $7 for their crafts but $11 for a glass of wine...not in the neighborhood.
Would certainly go back again but not for your average night out.This place blew my mind! I went during NoLibs restaurant week and I was so happy with my overall visit. I have absolutely no complaints. 
Drinks: Strong - I like it that way! Strong, but still yummy! 
App: Heirloom tomatoes with cheese - I assumed this was going to be a somewhat average dish because it was only two ingredients, but I was shocked at how flavorful it was! I NEED to know where they get their tomatoes from because POW! its a burst of amazingness in your mouth. 
Entrée: Mushroom noodles - The texture was smooth and the flavor was earthy. My dish was seasoned exceptionally well. My friends got duck and they enjoyed their dish as well. 
Dessert - I ordered the cheesecake and it was seriously some of the best ever! My friend ordered the peanut butter ice cream sandwich and it wasn't very good. It was just TOO sugary and dense. He didn't eat it at all. 
Service: Great - our waitress was bubbly and seemed very happy to be serving us. It was refreshing. 
Atmosphere: Very cool - the space is gorgeous and there is a really cute patio if you choose to sit outside. There was a live jazz band playing - and they were actually really great! 
Overall: If you are in the Northern Liberties area, this place should be a must on your list!Great drinks, amazing music, aesthetically pleasing atmosphere! This is a great place to stop in with some friends if you are in the Northern Liberties area and want to grab a drink. (Have not tried the food yet, but all I have heard about it is definitely going to make me give it a vote of confidence.)On a warm summer night, we ventured to heritage for a fantastic and memorable meal!  Their vegetable appetizers and platter are seriously distinctive!  
We started with the peas with bacon, the beet salad with roasted golden beets and the steak tartare with blueberries.  Each of the appetizers with garnished with fresh herbs.  The combination of the steak tartare and blueberries was really creative and good.   The golden beets had a sweet roasted flavor there were served with a nice salad and dressing that really blended well.
Since there were four of us we got the large roasted chicken with amazing gnocchi on the platter. We also got the vegetable platter for four. I definitely recommend getting the large size of these platters for four people.  The dishes had an amazing combination of flavors and fresh sampling of a variety of things.  The vegetable platter varies based on what's fresh. In ours, we had shiitake mushrooms, peas eggplant cucumber roasted peppers...all where creatively presented.  The chicken with the gnocchi was really good. That gnocchi is dangerous!!
The jazz music was excellent and created a nice ambience! If you are sitting near the back the music is definitely engaging and not easy to keep in the background. The tables in the garden out front are lovely especially on a warm summer evening. 
Worth the trip if you haven't been yet.  Definitely worth a return trip if you have been!My husband and one of my good friends went for dinner last night and it was amazing. You have to get the roasted chicken with dumplings, gravy, and roasted vegetables. I usually eat mostly vegetarian but I could not turn this plate down. It was the best chicken I have ever had in my life. We also loved the egg noodle dish as well as the huge selection of beers. Such a great place for dinner, drinks, coffee, and dessert. :)This is, in my opinion, one of the best spots in Philly for a date night.  Heritage is really firing on all cylinders...the food is fabulous, very charming ambiance, live music, great beer list, and painfully cool and equally beautiful servers. 
I'm a bit of a picky eater and was afraid that I wouldn't be able to find anything appealing on Heritage's relatively small menu. However, i ventured a bit outside of my comfort zone and had one of the best meals in recent memory. I ordered the egg noodles with a duck ragu type sauce and some crunchy wheat topping. The flavors blended together marvelously and really created a culinary masterpiece. 
The menu is pretty meat-intensive, so it may not be the best place for the less carnivorous.  The special of the night, which to my date's dismay was sadly sold out, was braized boar or something barbaric sounding like that. 
The only aspect of our dining experience which we didn't love was the pace in which the food came out. My guy ordered an app and after his first bite his entree was being served. The waitress did say the food comes out as it is done, but nobody likes feeling rushed. 
With over twenty beers on tap and a little jazz ensemble, we were able to make a night of it at Heritage.  It was a perfect date setting and I will definitely be back.We've been there on three occasions but have become less and less enchanted with each successive visit. At this point, we're done with the place. They're food quality just doesn't justify their prices. $45 for what tasted like a $20 piece of meat and tiny pours for high dollars on the whiskey. $190 for dinner for two, for what was an incredibly average meal, means we won't be back.Excellent experience on the whole.  Started with a cocktail, Sloop John B, which is somewhat like a Moscow Mule.  Very good and refreshing.  White asparagus and burrata and ramps appetizers which were both excellent.  The burrata was served with house-made toast.  For entrees, the roasted half duck and lamb and rice.  Both were very good and well worth the cost.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was very nice.  The only concern was the volume of the jazz performers.  The quality of the music was excellent, but was very loud and prevented us from talking during dinner.  Overall, a very good experience.Cool new place!  I came here for a bite to eat with my friend last Friday, and LOVE the vibe.  Live jazz, outdoor patio, hanging plants above the bar, and natural wood tables gave it a very laid back, natural feel... very on trend.  
The menu was small, but my friend and I enjoyed the vegetable board from the chef (sauteed mushrooms were especially delicious), and the whole trout with sunchokes three ways (I'm sure that sunchokes ONE way are a novel thing for most people).  No complaints about the food.  And while I only had a glass of wine, the draft list was solid.
The band that night was fairly mellow - good background music, and at a nice volume that we could still have an easy conversation even sitting a couple tables away from the stage. 
Not quite 5 stars given that the food wasn't so outstanding to go out of my way, but would definitely come here again and recommend it as a great place in No Libs to grab a bite or drink and hang out!My friends and I shared several small plates. Most were quite good and a few were even great. However, our mussels were pretty sandy. This in itself wouldn't have been a big deal (and wouldn't have led me to give a 3-star review), but the server'a reaction was really odd. She took them back to the kitchen while muttering something to suggest we were wrong, then came back and told us that she and the chef had both tried them and they were delicious. For the rest of our time there she was also quite brusque with us, as if we had personally offended her by finding sand in our shellfish. It was like she thought we were trying to get free food or something, even though we had only eaten a few mussels before deciding they were sandy enough that we wouldn't be able to power through and eat them. The whole experience left a bad taste in our mouths and probably would prevent me from a repeat visit.wow, I usually avoid places when they've just opened, and here I was walking by with friends and we couldn't resist it.  The appearance of Heritage in Northern Liberties was more than intriguing so we couldn't pass it w/o at least checking out the menu in this handsome new spot that looks so.... grown up - for N.libs at least.
We were so charmed by the menu and our reception, we decided to go ahead and try it.  As it turned out, Heritage hasn't even officially "OPENED" yet, they were just on their 3rd day of a soft opening. 
The large space is beautifully designed to be contemporary, like kensington quarters but with lots of live plants.  The jazz band was nice and playing on a handsome wooden paneled stage.
The staff was all friendly and attentive and the food was really good.  The vegetable board was delicious! the pork and clams was delicious and the house made rabbit sausage was flavorful and thoroughly enjoyed.  
Im so glad to have a place in the area like this!One of the best restaurants I have ever been to. At first I was intimidated by the menu, because it's not your standard cheese burger and fries.. But I went for it and started off with the Kunik cheese plate. For an entree my fiancé and I shared the whole roasted chicken. Wow it was so good! The best part was, while eating our dinner we were sipping wine and listening to a live jazz band play close by. Not only was the food and music amazing, but so was the ambience. They have tons of plants hanging around and both indoor and outdoor seating. If you're looking for an amazing new place to eat, definitely check Heritage out!Heritage is amazing! I was there when the door was open and it was warm and sunny. We got flap Jack's with raspberry and brown sugar and it was crazy! The brown sugar was  melted on and somehow gooey  and the raspberries were just enough! It was sweet melt-y and delicious! I would recommend it to
 everyone. There was also great live jazz!Finally made it to Heritage with a friend and it lived up to the all the reviews that I have heard about.  We stopped in for some drinks and a small bite to eat, so we found a seat at the bar.  I like the decor of the restaurant, it is an open space with plants along the walls.  It was a treat to hear a live jazz band playing and that set the mood.  
The staff were friendly and the service was prompt and efficient.  We enjoyed out drinks and the Cap Cod Mussels.  I think this is a great addition to No Lib and I will be back to experience brunch.  
The only downside is the area has horrible parking, but if you are a frequent visitor of the area, you know how to deal with this - just get over it and don't let that dampen your mood - have fun!!This is my second favorite steak in the city (the first is the Prime Rib - Heritage steak is the only one that comes close. And it comes very close.) Love the jazz, the ambiance, the plants, and the service. Nice during the summer because it's air conditioned but the garage door is open. 
It's an upscale yet casual restaurant. Expect to spend a few dollars, but you get what you pay for. But all the food is super tasty.Just walked in for dinner.   Omg.  Amazing.  Great atmosphere.  Food is spot on (we had duck and my strip).  Excellent service.  Best meal in a long time in philly.Good contemporary American restaurant in Northern Liberties. We went for dinner and there was live music playing. The place was packed. We had some drinks and a bunch of appetizers. Had a great time!Perfect. The atmosphere, music and food were all 5s for ne. We ordered appetizers through to dessert and each dish was fresh, imaginative and bold while still being delicious! They also have a great beer selection to suit a variety of tastes. I'm not a "beer person" but found 2 on their menu that were delicious. Can't wait to go back! I think it might be even more fun to sit at the barI liked the space and decor but I found the food terribly disappointing, underwhelming and overpriced. My duck was slightly underdone, too much fat that hadn't rendered.  It was raining tonight and the place was so uncomfortably muggy due to the broken air conditioning.  Most disappointing, not once did the staff inquire about our meals which spoke volumes to me.The burrata, seafood salad, bread salad, swordfish, and chicken were great.  The vegetable board was a definite exception--in addition to being overpriced, the flavors weren't interesting and it was difficult to share.  My main compliant was that the staff would bring out new dishes when there was literally no room on the table for them and then stand there with blank stares until we rearranged  by, for example, shoveling the bread salad onto the swordfish plate.  I'd go back because some of the dishes really were that good, but would order in rounds to avoid that problem.Had dinner again last night. Was as usual fantastic and a great new updated menu. We had the heirloom tomato salad, oysters, for entree, my wife had the pulled pork and I had the new day boat cod fish. All was superior, but the day boat cod in an incredible delicious thin sauce with lots of cool spices with fresh tomatoes and beans was out of this world, fresh and incredibly moist and tasty. Literally, may have been one of the best fish dishes I have ever had, at least in top three. They sent over a burrata to us during apps, it was a new preparation and delicious. Wine and drinks great, service top notch, jazz trio was very nice and relaxing and Kevin the Manager, always great to deal with, really knows his stuff and runs a tip top show. Heritage remains one of our favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. We will keep coming back for more.I was there on a Friday night and a reservation is really recommended. A great location with nice interior and live Jazz music.
The price level is a little bit higher but the quality is amazing. All ingredients are bought from farmers in the neighbourhood.
It was my first time but definitely not the last. It is completely worth.Very nice located in the old city section of Philadelphia. Very hard to find parking. Drinks are very nice and food seems to be good..... The restaurant is very causal for a nice night out and not too fancy .... Over all I would rate this restaurant a good place to go! For morning or a night out for music.Ooh, this place is divey! (Hope that was the right use of the word lol.)
Dranks/Prices:
Came here this past Saturday night with some amigos after dinner. We all got a drink and were politely served at our table. I was told by my friends who had been there before to get a mixed drink as this place apparently made them pretty strong... they were right! Cocktails started around $8. I got the Sloop John ($8), which was Sailor Berry spiced rum, ginger beer, lime, and brandied cherries. Loved it! The spiced rum was pretty strong, and then subtle hint of ginger from the beer was the cherry on top (sorry brandy). Don't remember what my friend got (they have many more options on the actual menu than they do on the online menu.), but it was delicious as well and even stronger than mine!
Food:
Didn't get to try any food, but love that this is a seasonal restaurant so will definitely come back and try it one day!
Entertainment:
The jazz band was phenomenal! From the saxophone player to the lead singer to the amazing drummer, they all killed it! Couldn't tell if the lady from the audience who sang a song was jumping on impromptu or if she was actually part of the act, but she was good too! Only reason why I deducted a star, though, was for the potential for more dance music! Not sure if it was the crowd or what, but there wasn't much dancing going on :(. There seemed to be ample space in the front too. Hopefully next time!
Aura:
From the nice bathrooms to the plants on the wall to the decor to the chill crowd of ppl, the atmosphere was two thumbs up!
Bottom line:
Definitely check this place out even if you're not around NoLibs!This restaurant is bliss. The food was phenomenal, the staff extra friendly and the live Spanish guitar playing was perfect for a great night. We had the Rhode Island mussels, which we perfectly cooked and the heirloom zucchini salad with beets. An awesome match for our day exploring South Philly.This is a very nice place to sit down and have a beer while listening to a live band play music. This bar has over 36 beers on tap and the food is very good here. The waitresses and bartenders are very friendly here and the manager Fernando is very welcoming here and interacts with everybody that comes in.Nice to have a new place in the neighborhood.  Showed up Saturday with no reservation, the bar was full at the time, so we asked about a table.  All booked for the night, but the bar is first come so they said we can try and find a spot there.  Was kinda surprised they don't leave a few tables open for walk ins, sort of lame.  Got lucky and were able to grab some seats at the bar within a few minutes.  Bartenders we friendly and the beer pricing is pretty good and the 30 plus taps were nicely assorted. Wine is horribly overpriced, but this is the theme in Philly.  Ordered the crudo, was tasty but the tiny portions do not justify the pricing.  Also had the grits, mussels and pork belly special.   Grits were great, mussels were very gritty and the pork belly was cooked well.  Finished off with the rabbit sausage and that was flawless.  Beautifully plated food, but the portion sizes are small for what we had.  I saw some other meals come out of the kitchen, the roast chicken and steak special were both pretty large portions.  Maybe a bit of consistency on the entree sizes would be nice.  Overall pretty good, will go back for beers, but may skip the food.Having not lived in Philly for 10+ years now I was amazed at how much the food scene has changed. Heritage is a perfect example. Great space with warm lighting and high ceilings. Live jazz that's not too overpowering so I was able to keep a nice conversation going over my meal. Friendly and attentive staff. The food was good as well. The rabbit meat balls were some of the best meatballs I've tasted. Cooked perfectly with great flavor and beautifully plated. The cocktails were ok, creative, but not fully executed. Mine wasn't strained properly and had too many small chucks of ice floating in the glass which diluted the cocktail.My friends and I visited Heritage for what we hoped would be live music and brunch but just turned out to be brunch. 
I would describe the decor as airy urban-rustic. The gleaming polished wood floors, floating shelves, and potted plants go a long way to further the chic modernized warehouse vibes. 
We ordered the Pulled Pork Hash, The Blackened Shrimp and the Heritage Plate as well as several greyhounds, bloody marys and two pots of French Press Coffee.  
While I left the establishment pleasantly full, I would not rate this as a 4 or even 5-star restaurant. The service wasn't fantastic despite the fact that there were very few patrons, the food was underwhelming, and I wouldn't bother to go back.Aweful service. Aweful food. We were in on what looked like a slow (read: empty) night. We ordered drinks, wings and a side. The wing were served raw. They told us they were remaking the order before we could tell them that we no longer wanted them. We were tired and hungry so we picked at the new order and our other small plate. The wings tasted like any mediocre sports bar wings. The jerked broccolini was chewy and served in a thick, overly salty and spicy sauce. Pretty gross. Our waiter offered only apologies from the chef for the undercooked wings. Thanks. Hopefully food poisoning doesn't set in. Sure enough, the wings weren't removed from the bill either. That's fine. It must be worth their reputation to make the extra $12 off gross undercooked chicken wings and lackluster service. Won't be returning.Heritage was on my list of places to try and when I heard about Night out Restaurant Week (http://nightoutrestaurantweek.com) featuring restaurants in Northern Liberties a friend and I decided to go.  Like the more popular philly restaurant week, places offer a pre fixe menu with 3 courses for a set price.  Made a late reservation for Saturday cause a friend was working late and by the time we got there they told us that offer had ended for the night. We ordered dinner anyway but honestly it's a little annoying since it didn't state on the website that there were specific hours for this. 
The place has a nice open and airy natural feel. If you are doing your homework you already know that they are known for their live music. Jazz isn't my favorite type of music but the band sounded great, loud but great. If you are trying this place, go have fun and have your short, witty conversation topics ready. Don't go if you are wanting to profess your love to your date or telling your best friends your deep dark secrets. They probably won't hear you. 
The food was fresh and tasty with an emphasis on garden elements which was appreciated from a vegetarian. We shared the Cabbage Caesar, Burrata with grilled peach, and the tomatoes dish.  Small plates but good if you like to try new things. I liked all of these.  I got the egg noodles for my entree. This dish was very tasty but a little pricey. 
Another annoying thing was my friends meal didn't come out with mine.  It was way later.  I waited for a bit to eat because I didn't want to be finished before he started. Hopefully this was a fluke and not the norm. Overall the place was nice and food enjoyable.Really cool place to hang out on a weekend. Live music and their old fashioned was really good. Loved the set up and decor. They have a little outdoor seating area but they closed it really early on a sat night which was odd? Food options are really limited so eat before you come here.Great selection of bourbon, whiskey, and scotch. Came here for mint juleps to celebrate the derby, did not disappoint.Good food and great experience. Had a tasty burger but it was the live jazz band that really made this place memorable!We made a reservation during restaurant week and they had no special menu; thank God as I dislike restaurant week menus. We ordered some drinks (extensive beer and wine list) and two small plates and a vegetable board. The house made bread with kuklik cheese was delicious as was the brisket and cabbage. The vegetable board was delicious. The highlight was the ice cream sandwich. Felt very comforting as a whole and the music wasn't obtrusive to conversation. Definitely going back to try new items.Celebrated my friend's birthday party here at Heritage. Ambiance was perfect. Live jazz music playing while we were eating. Ordered a few small plates and some mains.
1) veggie board - good for vegetarians! Mix of different veggies, chef's selection
2) duck main - most memorable dish here. Perfectly cooked and seasoned! The best.
3) deep fried beets - really well made, interesting dish! Good too.
4) terrine - as expected. Not bad
5) carrot cake - deconstructed, good nonetheless.
All in all, highly recommended. Best come during weekdays.Local gem!! I wish I took more pictures of the food to share here, but unfortunately I only have one which is the vegetable board (which was amazing). Everything we ate that night for dinner was delicious. Arctic char with kumquats, artichokes, and potatoes, the half roast chicken, and the flourless chocolate cake for dessert. Definitely would recommend this place, and so glad that after months of walking by here I finally made my way in!After a cold day of walking around Northern Liberties we stopped in at Heritage for a round of drinks. Immediately upon walking in we were greeted by a friendly bartender and an inviting atmosphere. Although we only stopped in for drinks, the food menu looked great and there was a band setting up for live music. 
Definitely would consider coming back here to listen to live music and enjoy a few drinks with friends!I live around the corner and tonight realized that I don't come here enough. First of all the space is beautiful: high ceilings, industrial fixtures, plants everywhere. 
Three of us ordered drinks, and happy hour food specials. Everything we got (pickles, deviled eggs, chicken sandwich, burger, mussels, flourless chocolate cake, cherry and walnut bread pudding) was delicious and the service was so amazing.Overall I was thoroughly impressed with my experience at Heritage! The food was delicious- I had the Arctic char and it was perfectly cooked and flavorful. My boyfriend had the duck which was also amazing! Our appetizer, the duck confit poutine, was good but lacked salt. It also took a little while to come out. We ordered pickles with our app too but they didn't come out until after we got our entrees. I didn't care though, because everything was so tasty! 
As for service, it seemed like our waitress had the entire outside so she was a bit busy. She seemed new because hesitated to answer a few questions I had. But still super friendly!
Drinks were great and a large selection. The vibe in general here is amazing and we will definitely be back!!The food is about a 2 out of 5. It's dry, not well seasoned, and tries to be unique by adding strange vegetables to dishes. The vegetables aren't necessarily cooked well or integrated into the dish either.
This is an enterprise looking to make money in Northern Liberties with a large space and a lot of tables but they don't have the quality, the kitchen, or the vision to pull it off successfully. Bottom line: half the restaurant was empty, but they couldn't get our food out in time, and they didn't make it right.
The service is about a 0 out of 5. We made a reservation and they gave us the worst table. They even told us as they were seating us that this was kind of a shitty table. There was a 30 minute gap between dishes and we were there for 3 hours. Our waiter literally brought our check before we received our final course because he thought we had already eaten it.  He let his manager know so she brought our dessert out in a box. She was fully aware of  how long we had sat there, but did not take it off the check or apologize.I have been a resident in NoLibs for 5 years and a regular at Heritage since it opened.  But tonight's experience has been quite disappointing.  First a seafood chowder arrives 25 minutes after order (I seriously doubt it's made to order) and then close to an hour later, when my entree hasn't shown up I decided to leave.
Perhaps it's understandable and even excusable on a Friday or Saturday evening, but this was at 10pm on a Tuesday night.  There's a lot to be desired if the owners of this restaurant thinks it should be in the same leagues as the Starrs, Garces and Vetri of the business.  As of now, the service doesn't hold a candle to any of those.We went with high anticipation, based on the many very positive reviews on Yelp.  We were sorely disappointed, and a couple of us were feeling the "effects" of our dinner for the next 12-24 hours.
Positives:  Nice space, great beer selection, live music.
Negatives:  The food!  Portions were small (one salad was on only half the plate... why?  to save 10 cents in salad greens??), other dishes just had no flavor (the pumpkin fritters' only flavor was fried breading), provided 3 pieces of bread to a table of 5 people.
Overall, very disappointed.  I'd only come back for the beers.Great ambience, music, drinks and steak. The menu is for sharing dishes so nice servings and many beers on taps. I tried the streak and veggies and it was divine. Will be returing.We went for Sunday blue grass brunch and it was DOPE. The best part was the live music was the perfect volume to appreciate the ambiance, band, and still have a good conversation with my comrades. The food was delicious. I found the Open face Croquet Madam to be the perfect balance with fresh baby kale salad and cheesy warm bready noms. The price point was pretty perfect running $11-13 a plate. Coffee was a tad pricier at $5 a cup BUT it's French press so noms. But honestly when you think we got food and free entertainment it was absolutely worth it. Definitely will go back.The drinks are great and the beer list is solid. The food is very good, but certain items stretch what the chef is reasonably capable of doing well. The music qualifies as jazz, but is definitely on the lamer side of cool. Anything approaching improvisation is deserted in favor of mellow, pseudo-crowd pleasing 80s plonk. Good choice if you are not a lover of real jazz and just want some mood music as a backdrop for drinks and dinner. Discerning jazz fans and food critiques should seek greener pastures. That said, service is wonderful, wait staff is phenomenal and drinks are on point.A boozy brunch here with live jazz music playing in the background made for a great start to a Saturday! The restaurant interior is beautiful, with high ceilings, a bar with tons of hanging greenery as a backdrop, and large doors that open out to the street. 
I got a mimosa to start off, which is a great deal at $4 (other deals include beer for $3 and bloody mary's for $5 until 3:45pm). For food, I got the Heritage breakfast plate (with an extra side of eggs) and smoked trout on toast to split with my brunch companion. We were worried it wasn't enough food when we were skimming over the menu (we were really hungry), but it was not the case at all. 
The breakfast plate was really filling - everything was executed really well (sunny side up eggs were perfectly runny, potatoes were super crispy), but my favorite element on the plate by far was the bacon. It was thick-cut with a deep char, so it was crispy and meaty and deliciously rich all at the same time. 
The smoked trout on toast was a really delicate dish (as in, not an insane amount of food haha - glad we got the breakfast plate to balance it out), but every bite was delicious, with the creamy smoked trout mixture balanced out by the pickled radish and greens. 
Brunch here with drinks totaled ~$20pp (including tax and tip), which was a great deal with the good food, live music and beautiful setting!Great ambience but food is mediocre.
I tried the patty melt /frittata/Dutch baby/flap jack. The food reminded me of diner quality food. The Bloody Mary and mimosas were a good deal at $5/$4.I went this weekend with two friends to Heritage in Northern Liberties for a Jazz brunch.  And the result was - we all loved it.  It was friendly, it was chill, it was cool, it was tasty.  Heritage was a perfect place to dine & hang this weekend while the weather outside wasn't very nice.  Now for the food - the duck sausage hash with a fried egg on top is the bomb.  Totally awesome!  And the Dutch Baby with Pennsylvania maple syrup and fresh peaches on top was light and fluffy as it should be.  Dogfish's Punkin Ale and Spring House's Mango IPA accompanied the food perfectly.  The Jazz trio (I think they were called the Tom Moon trio) provided great background music.  Heritage is just a super addition to the Philadelphia scene.  And don't miss checking out the chandelier!Years later I returned to a great experience.  Service is slow, but the food and ambiance is decent.Probably the worst customer service I have ever had a party gathering paying per head. Three grown men behind the bar chatting while people have no plates, no glasses, and silverware. They didn't prepare enough food to accommodate everyone and then brought out cheap french toast and potatoes but charged $25 a head. Never again.Had dinner for the first time at Heritage in Northern Liberties on a Friday night.  It was delightul!  The space is large, so it easily accomodates a large crowd  However, the sound level is muted and I was able to have a good, easily heard conversation with my dinner partner.
Service is very skilled and professional.
We ordered to vegetable plates to share which were incredibly tasty and unique.  Grilled brussel sprouts wonderfully done with a sauce and spices.  Crisp and chewy.  But, the real treat was grilled sweet potatoes with cream fraiche and grilled peanut topping.  Sweet and savory, beautifully roasted.  This was a delicious dish.
The dishes are meant for sharing, which makes the evening fun..
We also shared trout which was prepared with a topping of bread crumbs and tiny diced vegetables served in a broth.  It was heavenly.
During our dinner, a live jazz band played, loud enough to be heard, but softly eough not to interrupt conversation.
The crowd is diverse which makes the atmosphere fun..
Highlly recommend a visit.  Parking in the neighborhood can be a challlenge.....so prepare for that, but this is a great spot for an evening out!Everything here is at least good, most of it is great.  Made a 6:15 reservation for a Saturday night (from 6:30-7:00 it begins to really fill up) and caught the tail end of a killer marimba/keyboard duo, after which there was just a jazz playlist and no more live music (scheduled live acts start around 10 on Saturdays, according to the website).  I had a pork belly & shoulder with pumpkin and cabbage, which was good but not as great as the grilled sweet potato with crushed hazelnuts, which I shared.  The dish that really blew me away, though, was the roasted cauliflower.  My God, I never knew cauliflower could taste that good without being deep fried.  I'd come back over and over for that, plus the great selection of craft beers they have on tap.  Overall, the music, food, and drinks have me excited to return soon.Always wanted to check out this place, and when we saw that Heritage participates in the Restaurant week in Northern Liberties and Fishtown, it was no doubts. We went there and want to go back again! Really You won't regret! Food was amazing, the atmosphere was perfect. Also It was a good deal: dinner for $35 per person plus happy hour $5 wine (5-7pm). I can write a lot about food since everything was balanced out well, but the homemade bread made my experience here unforgettable. There are not that many places in Philly where they make a good, properly baked through bread. Heritage is one of those places! Chives butter was a perfect addition for the delicious homemade bread. While we were enjoying the food the band started to play jazz. What else you need for the perfect dinner with lovely person next to you? Now we are planning to come with our friends and try other items on the menu, I am sure they are all great!Nolibs has a lot of food options but very few that offer high quality ingredients and this place does! Bone marrow... yes indeed! Great place to eat and drink plus live music every night! What's not to like.Environment: lots of dinner tables + very long bar + one lounge area (designed for 1 group only)
Beer: beer list is huge and decent price
Food: 
Cauliflower was really good. 
Sweet potato was good but it was mixed with a savory sauce which was different then the sweet sauce I'm used to.
Egg noodles had a great taste and the mushroom didn't over power it.
Cod was great but as said in a different review the truffle and the cod didn't seem to go together in the dish though they were both really good that it didn't matter.
Chicken was good and only a tiny bit dry and the half chicken was huge.This restaurant provides excellent service and top notch food. We went for our anniversary. My husband noted the occasion in the reservation, and the hostess greeted us with well wishes, and our server brought us two flutes of champagne on the house. I've never experienced anything like this, and we plan to go back for every anniversary and make Heritage a tradition.This was my first time coming to Heritage. My family made reservations for my sister's 25th birthday and it was amazing! The outdoorsy/modern decor infused with the dimmed lightning and live music set the perfect tone for her. Also, the food was marvelous! I enjoyed the spin on classic American dishes. It was a wonderful experience. I will definitely be coming back : )Great atmosphere and tap list! Our waiter Fernando was awesome. We tried a few different items but enjoyed the smoked potatoes and the egg noodle dish the best. Other dishes were just okay... Wasn't a fan of the squid... Best part was the presentation. My husband wasn't a fan of the pig head... The reanimator coffee was delicious. Would come back again to enjoy a quick bite and some more live jazz!Never have I ever written a Yelp review, however I can't let this one go. 
After living for one year in Northern Liberties and trying most restaurants in the area including Fishttown and beyond, my boyfriend and I wanted to do something special, a nice dinner before we moved, a treat. This WAS NOT that. 
We went on a Thursday night and noticed on the menu that one night a week, on Thursdays, they do a special tasting menu. $50 per person, 6 courses. We decided to go for it as the place looked lovely and some of the dishes coming out of the kitchen looked good. I can't speak on their main menu, but I can say with certainty that you shouldn't waste your money here on the tasting menu. 
The trouble started when we both ordered the tasting. The waitress promptly came back from the kitchen and informed us that the kitchen would be plating the courses on one plate since we were both getting it....... WHAT? I've never heard of or come across this in all my years of dining. Why? Are you trying to spare your dish washers a plate? Not only did we then have to awkwardly maneuver food from the middle of the table onto our plates, but there is no quicker way to make me feel ripped off than to not even give me MY OWN PLATE OF FOOD. And on top of that each course that came out was small. Imagining them split up onto two plates was actually laughable. 
Then the food itself was spectacularly unspectacular. 
The first course was a cold salad made up of cucumber and melon in some chili oil. And some flowers? 
Second course was strips of beef heart and a romesco. Also an intentionally cold dish. Fine. My boyfriend enjoyed this enough, I thought it was okay, but strange. 
Third course was an egg noodle pasta dish with chive and basil. It was delicious, but again, small. There were probably 4 full bites of pasta a piece served on our one communal plate. 
Fourth course was ANOTHER COLD DISH. This time it was cubed green and red tomatoes with an under salted ricotta in the middle. I'm Italian and I've had better ricotta from a store bought container. Also had some weird basil leaf flowers on it that added absolutely nothing, and pickled onions added in which was just a strange mix of flavors. 
Fifth course was the only redeeming part of the meal. Duck confit with grilled peaches and eggplant. Stunning, sticky and fell right off the bone. However, if the other two cold salad courses were priced somewhere around the $12 mark, that puts two duck legs with approx 3 oz of meat on each bone and one sliced up grilled peach at around $30 for the plate. Ridiculous. Seriously ridiculous. 
Last and sixth course was a lemon panna cotta next to a blueberry sorbet. Again, served on one plate, and the real kicker here was THERE WAS ONLY ONE. What were they going to do if just one of us ordered the tasting menu? Cut the damn thing in half? 
Any glass of wine there is $11+ dollars. All cocktails on the list are $12+ dollars. All beer was $9-10+ a glass. Again, seriously? Charlie Was A Sinner, a restaurant in Center City, has a beautiful specialty cocktail called Secret Garden made with plymouth gin, dolin dry vermouth, turmeric root, rhubarb, basil and lemongrass infused olive oil. Its a cocktail that transports you for $12. At Heritage I got their "Great Balls of Fire" cocktail with is made with an anonymous tequila, grapefruit juice and unidentified bitters. Also $12 and I've made better mixed drinks myself at home. 
The waitress refilled our water glasses from a carafe sitting on our table probably 8 times over the course of our hour dinner there. Not a bad thing, necessarily, but a pet peeve of mine when I can do it myself and you keep interrupting the flow of conversation. 
The bill for two after one drink a piece and "two" tasting menus was $165. Philly is an amazing city with an equally amazing culinary scene. Do not waste your time and money here. If you really want the best Philadelphia can offer spend $50 more dollars on the tasting menu at Talula's Garden and be treated to one of the most memorable 2-3 hour dining experiences of your life.The food is delicious! I had reservations for a party of 10 for my birthday. When I arrived they had everything ready and a table setup indoors just as I requested. (The forecast for that day expected rain) I asked if we could sit outside since it was sunny and they moved us without a problem. All of the staff was very friendly. They set up a nice table outside and we ordered our drinks. The service was fast, I think the name of our waitress was "Liz". She was super friendly and drinks came out fast. The drinks were great and they have some sweet deals during happy hour. For food I ordered the duck which was the best duck I've ever had. My friends ordered the pork and the house sausage and loved it. The live music was great and not overwhelming. The bar is beautiful, it's a really nice spot and plenty of bathrooms. It was a memorable night. Definitely one of the better restaurants I've been to in the city. A little pricey but you get what you pay for and well worth it. I highly recommend it and you will not be disappointed with the food and they have yuuuge beer selection.We checked out Heritage for the first time last Thursday. We specifically chose this day because of the six course meal offered on their website. It even had it in the menu. When we arrived we discovered it was not available. We were so disappointed. We were tempted to leave, but we're glad we didn't go.  Our meals were excellent. I had the mushroom pasta while my husband ate the chicken.  Portion sizes were quite large. The music was great. We will go back.One of the best meals I've had in Philly in quite a while! Some slight inconsistency in the cooking, and very disappointing desserts, kept it from a full 5-stars, but I absolutely plan to return.
My boyfriend and I went for a belated anniversary celebration and much-needed night out together before catching a movie for the Philadelphia Film Festival. It was a Friday evening reservation around 8pm, and there was a live jazz band that night. The band was good, not too loud, and I enjoyed what it added to the atmosphere.
We decided to forego entrees and start with a collection of small plates, and if we were still hungry afterward we would just order more. We got the kale salad, smoked potatoes, duck sausage, and brisket. Our favourite of the night was quite surprising: the kale salad! It was actual salad perfection. It was dressed just right, and the simplicity of the tangy anchovy dressing, crunchy breadcrumbs, shaved pecorino, and kale ribbons couldn't have been tastier. I'm actually copying it for Thanksgiving this year!
The duck sausage was really delicious, I enjoyed the urfa spice and the duck egg was a perfect sunny side up accompaniment. Brisket was OK, needed a bit more fat, but the pickled celery garnish was genius. The smoked potatoes were a hearty serving, and very assertively smokey. The garlic aoli on the plate was the perfect foil with the smoke. I loved them, but there were a few pieces that were not cooked enough- they were a bit on the crunchy-on-the-inside side.
I ordered an IPA to go with it, it was from Georgia but I don't recall the name. The server was very helpful in assisting with the beer selection, pointing out the IPAs that were on the lower ABV side, per my stated preference, as well as bringing me a sample to try. The one she suggested was just what I wanted.
We finished off with dessert, because this man of mine has a serious sweet tooth. While we ordered the apple turnover and white chocolate cheesecake to share, he ate most of the cheesecake and I hoarded the apple turnover. The cheesecake was very dense, and I didn't care for the pear butter in combination with the white chocolate and lemon crust of the cheesecake. It was good on its own but the mix didn't work for me. The apple turnover had a very good pastry, but the apples inside were quite undercooked and underwhelming. The plate also could have used some more creme anglaise.
The space was quite loud but only because we were seated right next to the bar, which was packed with a few groups who were very loud. When they cleared out toward the end of the meal, the volume simmered down significantly.
Our total before tip was only $65 for the two of us and I was truly shocked by what a deal it was. Looks like we inadvertently ordered some of the cheaper items, but they were really filling ans tasty so I guess we won the ordering lottery!Service was great
Setting and ambiance is nice.. pretty dim and there was a live jazz band.. music was relaxing and everything today is great for a date
Food was great and fresh but I just wish it was more on the menu.. its very limited
I ordered the Brussel sprouts and burgerHuge venue with a nice, long bar and lots of tables. The stage is easily seen from any seat in the house.
During our visit, it wasn't very crowded, but there was still a jazz band playing while we ate our dinner, which made for a romantic ambiance. For entreés we had the steak, which was excellent - tender and juicy, and a burrata pasta special. I could tell the pasta was homemade because it was thick and done perfectly al dente. 
For dessert, we had a seasonal cinnamon pecan bread pudding, which I have to say was the BEST bread pudding we've ever had. It was crispy and fluffy, not super soggy like you get at some places.
I hear the brunch at Heritage is amazing, so perhaps a return visit is in our future.Overpriced.  Service was weird.  Party of five and dinner came out dish by dish over 25 minutes.  Not exaggerating at all.  When we asked the waiter what the hangup was.  He said that this was how they did things "Family Style".  I understand sharing food, but hard to share one person's dinner amongst five people for 5 minutes, and then move onto another dish.  
Food was fine, but certainly not worth the money or the wait.  
Skip this and go across the street to the Standard Tap.Love coming here and being greeted with smiling faces from the staff! Great service, belly-filling food, and live music. I am a huge fan of their brunch menu specifically the biscuits and gravy, shrimp and grits, and bacon. The restaurant is very versatile, perfect for sharing a meal with your friends, a date, or kids. They recently added TVs at the bar which is a nice addition. Perfect way to kick off Sunday funday. Ask for Max, she's the best!I really want to give this place 4 stars but when we were there the air conditioner was leaking. There was a puddle on the floor and we kept getting splashed. A couple drops landed on our table even.
The music, the service, the food and the drinks were all great. I will definitely be backCool atmosphere. Big room, but never got loud. Piano guy was really fun. Menu is somewhat limited, but they've got all the basics and do them well.An awesome restaurant/bar with the perfect atmosphere. They have live bands perform regularly. A plus would be the huge variety of beer selection that they have.The concept and physical appearance of this place couldn't have been better.
Which is why after giving it not 1, not 2, but 3 chances to prove it was worth my time and my money, I've decided to permanently go elsewhere for food, drink, and live music.
The last and final attempt to like this place was about a month ago - I came in with a friend on a very quiet night.   We were 2 of 4-5 people at the bar.   We sat closest to the windows so we could people watch but still hear the music.    The waitress was visibly annoyed to have to make us our drinks - she waited close to 15 minutes to ask what we wanted (it took close to 5 minutes to be greeted or offered a menu.)   I ordered a Manhattan the same way I order them at every other place I go - Makers, stirred not shaken.    You can't possibly expect me to pay $14 for a drink that tastes like a watered down whiskey and water that sat by the pool for 3 hours before you served it to me?     My friend was laying some heavy gossip on me so I decided to stay and order a 2nd - it was just as pitiful as the first.   I left close to $35 poorer than when I arrived, without a buzz, or the satisfaction you'd expect from these types of prices.
Highlight was the band that night -they were fantastic.
Absolute lowest point of the night?   The waiters all sitting down next to us to drink beer after their shift and slurring their speech at us while they tried to tell us a dirty story involving BJ's.   I'm not angel - but when I'm on a girls night with a friend I haven't seen in a long time (who was trying to tell me she may get a divorce) - the last thing I want is to be harassed by the staff.   If I wanted to hear vulgar language and stories I'd go down the road and spend $2 on a PBR at one of numerous dive bars in the area.   If you're going to charge the big bucks for the drinks and food, your staff needs to act professional.  End of story.   Letting them drink at the bar?   Sorry - you may be a "cool boss" but you're not winning me over anytime soon.This place is super cute and has a great ambiance and they have live music every night. The food we got was super mediocre however, but the service is great.Went to Heritage last night with my friend before a concert at Union Transfer. We immediately loved the ambiance, of the large bar and dining space. We also appreciated the live music they had, three older gentleman playing folk music. It was beautiful so shoutout to them. The reason I gave 4/5 is because the cocktails were mostly bourbon, whiskey and tequila. I personally like vodka, so I was hoping for more than just a mule, but I guess the darker liquors went with the vibe more. We got a couple of glasses of sauvignon blanc which were divine. For dinner, we got the burrata to start; it was so creamy and delicious with arugula and sweet potatoes. For my entree i went with the mushroom and root vegetable pot pie; also incredible! The crust was so flakey and buttery and the veggies were still crisp and not mushy at all. My friend got the buffalo cauliflower flatbread with bacon jam and it was also fire. We love Heritage and will definitely be back!!Was here this afternoon with my family for my dad's birthday and it was a blast! Our server Liz was so accommodating and friendly and we had such a fun and pleasant experience. The food and drinks were A++!! Not to mention the live music (bluegrass brunch!!!!) We will make it a point to come back. Thanks Heritage staff!!!!I'm planning on returning to give the food a fair chance, as I only grabbed a drink here. The restaurant is gorgeous and the live music is great. There is an extensive beer list and an interesting cocktail list as well. Great date spot.Out of control bathroom. The faucet reached boiling temperatures, burning my hand, honestly scaring me more than anything. The staff couldn't have taken my inquiry less serious. Super disappointed. Good luck?Food on-site is fine.  Not the best, but definitely not the worst. Delivery is abysmal. I ordered through caviar.  When I was supposed to receive the order I received an update saying my order was delayed. Fine. An hour after the order was placed the food finally arrives.  It's not the right order. Instead of vegetable pot pie ($19.00 entreeI get mushroom flatbread ($13.00 appetizer).  I call heritage and say there has been a mistake.  Heritage tells me (I think his name was John??) they are allowed to substitute if they don't have an item.  YES AN ITEM AKA AN INGREDIENT BUT AN ENTIRE MEAL/ENTREE FOR A SHITTY LITTLE APPETIZER? (I don't know why I'm so incensed about this, but I am) AND making the substitution of an entire entree for an appetizer without letting the consumer know.  I would have canceled the order.  On top of this, I live a (maybe) 10 minute walk from this place and the food, which was driven here in a car, came cold and soggy. Go elsewhere. Or at least get delivery from elsewhere.Best bluegrass brunch in the city! Live music during the day is only on Sundays from 12-3 p.m.
Service was friendly and attentive, and it's really cool how they have different artists and bands for every night of the week. Great vibe for both couples and a large group. Food came out quickly and was very reasonably priced considering the pricier competitors in the area. 
Will definitely be back!We really enjoyed our dinner at Heritage. My girlfriend and I are young adults, moved here in 2018. This is the kind of place we would bring our parents when they visit. We had live music and it was a nice relaxing atmosphere, with good food and service. We will be backChicken was okay (it wasn't anything spectacular) and beverages were sub-par but that's not why I'm rating this bar/restaurant a 1/5 star. 
I had a server who was extremely unprofessional. She was extremely touchy with my boyfriend and called him pet names throughout the evening. Both myself and his mother thought it was unprofessional, tacky and extremely disrespectful. 
Being someone who manages a restaurant myself, I don't believe this type of behavior should go unnoticed and I hope she gets terminated immediately. I wish I knew her name but I was so disgusted I just needed to leave. 
1/5 rating stems from 100% UNPROFESSIONAL customer service.Went here with a pretty large group and had a great time. Service was awesome and everything that came out of the kitchen was great. We had quite a variety of their cocktails and nothing disappointed in that area.
All of the food was well above average, but the root veggie pot pie was probably the favorite. Super savory béchamel and great crust.
The live music is also a huge plus. Great atmosphere for a group dinner or drinks. I'll definitely be back if i'm in the area.