The pastrami here is awesome!!! Probably among the best I've had. The kasha and bowties were not good. Slimy and not enough kasha. Line gets long here. I would recommend for the pastrami.Visiting Philly and looked for places to get a good sandwich. Saw this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a shot. I'll tell you this much: that's a dang good Reuben sandwich I just had at Hershel's. Would recommend this place to anyone who can appreciate the fine art of delicatessens.Our first day in Philadelphia we were walking around and got pretty hungry.  I was in the mood for a sandwich and we looked up the best deli spots in PA and this place came up.  It was a bit of a walk and we ended up at a super crowded public market.   The line was kind of long for this spot but went by quickly.  We decided on a Rachel style pastrami and corned beef and split those. Omg! The pastrami was awesome!!!!! I'm still thinking about it.  It was huge and loaded and juicy, well seasoned!I don't get into Philly as much as I used to, but whenever I am near the Reading Terminal Market I stop in.  Even though there are many food options, I find my way to Hershels for their corned beef brisket sandwich.  The meat is hand sliced and always melts in your mouth.
The number of Jewish deli's have been on the decline and it gets harder and harder to find a good sandwich.  Too many 'delis' buy corned beef top round or the flat part of corned beef brisket which are lean but without the flavor that the top deckel adds.
If your eyes are bigger than your stomach, go for the 1/2 sandwich.
The counter help is always friendly and efficient.
Like every food place at the Market, lunch times are jammed, so if you can get there after 2, waiting on line or for a table is easy.Just had the best chocolate egg cream in Philadelphia !   Hershel's Deli in Reading Market !  Ask for Madeline though - to make sure you get the very best !What a deli should be. Had the pastrami  Reuben with mustard instead of Russian and a new York dog with cheese, kraut, and mustard. Amazing. Would recommend it to anyone. A definate place to eat at in PhillyI am from San Diego and travel to Philadelphia frequently. I love the Reading Market and recently discovered Hershels.  All that I can say I'd "WOW"!! I have never had a sandwich as great as this one.  Do yourself a favor and make Hershels a must when you hit Reading MarketSo when in Philly have a cheese stake, we did, but not here. We got the corned beef and it was pretty bomb. The meat was juicy and mustard complimented. I think there was cheese on it, whether it was there or not it was a good sandwich. I split it with my boyfriend and half was enough for me, they give you so much meat I was full afterwards. It is a bit pricey $10 I think for the sandwich but I get it. It's a good quality sandwich, it's a definite must have/try. Get one!Interesting enough,if your going through Reading Terminal,you may want to take a stop at Hershel's Eastside restaurant. They will dazzle you with an assortment of fresh cut meat,affecting you with it's aroma, while you watch its succulent juices flow with each stroke of the knife. As I receive my meal,with respect,and politeness,I was a little disappointed when me and my fiance took a bite of there meats. The meal was dry, it lack flavor, and oddly there didn't seem to be any sauce present,to revive this meal. All in all, if your a sandwich lover,this may be a place for you to go.I am so very torn with this review.  I had a hot pastrami sandwich there last week and I dare say it was better than Famous 4th.  It was tender, juicy and delicious.  A bit greasy but delicious.  So good that I was craving it and had to go back again.
So, I went  today and got the very same thing.  The slices of pastrami were way too thick that I couldn't even bite through it.  Terribly disappointed this time.  I ended up chucking my sandwich after the first bite.  I'll go back again but not for pastrami.  I'll stick to Famous 4th for that one.Great pastrami!! I went here as a recommendation from a coworker and it was fantastic. They're in the middle of the market with ample seating and are easy to find. The young man who served us was very knowledgeable about their menu and gave us good suggestions.  Our sandwich was amazing and as my boyfriend and I were splitting it they were kind enough to place both halves on their own plate and give us each our own pickle. What more could I ask for?Simple, fun, informal, good. This is NOT fine dining, and we loved it.
We stayed at a nearby hotel and wanted to try Reading Terminal Market for our late breakfast after a late night of election returns. Even though we both are trying to avoid grains and watch our diets, we opted for the Hershel's and the classic bagel-lox-cream cheese-tomato-onion sandwich. We are not meat eaters, the meat sandwiches looked great.
Very informal: order from the guy preparing food, go down to the other end to pay and get coffee. We are decaf drinkers, they only have caffeinated, so they sent us (my wife went) around the corner to a coffee purveyor. By the time she returned, our sandwiches were ready.
Lox piled high and very fresh. Bagels toasted to perfection. I inhaled mine, totally delicious.
Picnic tables with chairs nearby were convenient and luckily not crowded; I've been to RTM during lunch hour and it's nuts, forget finding a table anywhere. Our table was dirty from previous occupants. When I asked for a wet rag, I was pointed to a container of sani-wipes, pre-moistened, and I quickly cleaned off the table and chair. No problem.
I will definitely return to RTM and to Hershel's.Foodgasm (Urban Dictionary)- "Eyes rolling back in head and moaning while possibly shouting "this is so freaking good!!"and taste so overwhelming you have to take breaks between bites to keep from shutting your system down."
Now to experience the pure foodgasm just described above, go to the Reading Terminal Market, and stop by Hershel's. Order the reuben sandwich with pastrami AND corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut, and Russian dressing, grilled between slices of rye bread. The juicy, fatty, tender freshly cut meats compliment perfectly with the flavors of the sauerkraut and delicious dressing. Truly mouthwatering stuff. 
Oh, and add a can of Dr. Brown's black cherry soda and a donut from Beiler's, your life will be forever changed.Due to severe food allergies I am unable to go to many places to eat. I was greeted by the owner and he went over what things on the menu would be free of the things that would trigger a reaction.  My boyfriend and I had turkey sandwiches.  My boyfriend having the coleslaw and Russian dressing on rye, while I had a plain turkey sandwich on a soft sweet bread. The sandwich was excellent,  and thankfully the turkey meat was juicy enough without having to have a sauce. The owner checked on us as we finished eating and asked if I was feeling okay. This level of care is not expected but will not be forgotten.  If you have food allergies and need to know where your food comes from and what's in it, this is a great place to go.Oh my gosh best sammy's ever!!
Good thing I live so far away or it would be a daily stopHershel's is my go to breakfast spot in reading terminal. The bagel and lox is great and is made with high quality quality salmon, although my favorite breakfast sandwich there is the pastrami, egg, & cheese. I personally had never had this combination before but Hershel's does it right with perfectly melted cheese. If there is a long line in front pro tip is to go around the back to the eat up counter.This was my 2nd trip to Philly and the highlight for me was Reading Terminal as I ate just about every meal for 4.5 days there and of those meals my pastrami sandwich at Herschel's was one of my favorites if not thee favorite. I had hoped to there for a 2nd time but simply ran out of meals before heading home.
There is not much one can boast on a sandwich other then it was tasty. The pastrami was sliced a tad more thicker then I've had elsewhere but I preferred it to the norm. If there was one negative is the rye bread was not slightly toasted.
The service was quick as far as an order and go place. I thought the amount of pastrami was good enough for the price
The going out the door or in this case my leaving my chair though I'm not a big deli guy I do love pastrami and wish I could find a sandwich like Herschel's in Dekalb, IL as I was 100% satisfied.Hershel's Reuben special really proved itself worthy to me.  Between them and Katz Delicatessen in Manhattan's LES, I would still choose Katz Deli, but they come at a very close 2nd place.  I got the Reuben special with the brisket, and it was phenomenal.  The portion is definitely very large, and the price is just right.  I did knock one star off since the meat became more dry as I ate each bite, and the last bite was nowhere near as juicy as the first bite that I had.
Nonetheless, an excellent sandwich, and kudos that the employees were so helpful and friendly.  
I went on a Sunday AM around 10:00, and there was no line.  Can't speak for how the crowds increase as the day goes on though.One word, Horrible! Pastrami sandwich was mediocre, matzo ball soup tasted like it was straight out of a can and dumped into a crock (the balls werent soft and it tasted like cardboard, no flavor!). The only thing they couldnt mess up was my Dr Brown's cream soda. There are other choice, steer clear of this food counter at RTM!When I first arrived to Philadelphia my friend brought me to Reading Market & told me I had to try this place! The meats were absolutely delicious! 
I had gotten the corn beef! They give you a large serving & I finished every last bite! I will be back before I leave on!Not a real Jewish deli. Knish is terrible pastrami on rye is mediocre. Mustard is not even that goodI've been coming here for years and I'll be enjoying it for many more.  Hershel's has the best Reuben I've had outside of NYC.  During lunch hours the terminal can get crazy, but don't let the long line detour you away because Hershel's fast working sandwich makers crank them out made to order.   
At the start of the line you're able to see the slabs of well marinated and freshly prepped brisket, turkey, pastrami and corn beef.  The workers will take your order and prepare a beyond generous sized sandwich right in front of you.  I highly recommend splitting it with a friend."You must try Hershel's!". Before stepping into Reading, my friends were already raving about Hershel's and how I must give it a try. 
My friend recommended the Hershel's Special (coleslaw and Russian Dressing) with half pastrami, half brisket. Upon first glance, the sandwich is stuffed with tons of meat. If you're a meat lover, Hershel's will definitely satisfy you. I haven't had pastrami in a long time so I wasn't sure how I was going to like the sandwich. After the first bite, I was in meat heaven. The meats would've been too much for me had it not been for the coleslaw. The meats were tender and easy to eat, no teeth battles with the meat. I'm not sure what the Russian Dressing was, but it was mighty tasty. I would've preferred less dressing though. 
Two halves was definitely too much for me, so this would be a perfect sandwich to share. If you don't have anyone to share with, take the other half home (toast your leftovers, it'll be just as good when you bought it)! With the overwhelming amount of meat used in the sandwich you'll sure be full off of a halve. 
There is some seating available at the counter, but very limited. The lines do get long around lunch so try to get there a bit earlier to beat the rush. 
If I'm ever back at Reading and craving a delicious lunch, I'll be stopping by Hershel's!I went to Herschel's during a busy weekday lunchtime rush while their was a big event being held next door at the Philadelphia Convention Center. That may or may not have played a factor into my meal. 
I'll start by saying that the meats on the Herschel's sandwiches are TOP NOTCH!!! My mother and I each had the pastrami and my father and sister had turkey and a turkey club. The bread for all four sandwiches were basic run-of-the-mill cheaply bought loaves from your corner grocery store. The mustards and spreads were from a similar category, PLAIN! The quality control was lacking as my mother's pastrami was thickly sliced and mine was minced. My father and mother each received two pickles on the side while my sister and I only received one. These aren't huge concerns of mine especially because Reading Terminal Market was extremely crowded and there was a huge line for Herschel's. 
I would definitely return here and recommend it to others. 3.5 stars!It has been a year since my last visit to this fabulous place.  It was just as good as I remember. I had their pastrami and egg sandwich for breakfast and their pastrami grilled with cheese and coleslaw for lunch. It is the best ever. Justin is the best. So friendly and helpful. I can't wait to come back.Our first trip to Philadelphia's Reading Terminal and I have to say we were pleasantly surprised.  The pastrami at Hershel's was excellent and the service was great.  Looking forward to our next visit and will probably try the Ruben with the potato salad and matzo ball soup.Came here on an eating trip into Philadelphia and i was impressed.
The food was good, and the line moved along.   The Ruben was outstanding and the Matzo ball soup was also good.
I would recommend it in the area for some nice delish food!  try it here.Had the best pastrami reuben i have ever had in my life. The meat was so tender and fell right apart. The meat wasnt chewy or stringy. So great, would recommend to anyone going to reading terminal marketWe get breakfast from here, for work on Saturdays.
Awesome egg sandwiches if you are looking for something in the morning hours. I'm a huge breakfast fella, so I always love finding a place with well priced, delicious, and filling sandwiches. The Terminal, and specifically Hershel's has spoiled me to the point were I can't ever settle for some lunch truck eggs again.
That said, there was a Sunday I wound up there in the afternoon, and my Lady and I tried a couple of turkey sandwiches....her's was plain ( she has some pretty severe allergies, so the owner and staff worked with us to make sure everything was safe for her, which is something a lot of places will NOT honestly do for us. ), and I got their recommend mix with the Russian dressing.
We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals, and I am happy to say she had ZERO reactions to anything there. The turkey was moist, fresh....and I was a sucker for the rye bread.
I need to get myself back there and start working my way through the rest of what their menu has to offer!
Highly recommend!Love their sandwiches.  Meat is always freshly cooked and sliced to order. My favorite is the turkey special....Turkey and coleslaw with thousand island dressing on rye. My boyfriend loves the grilled brisket on rye.  Nothing fancy or over extravagant at this place just good, tasteful, simple, quality sandwiches that keep me coming back.Great sandwiches and friendly service!
I came here last Friday w/ a student of mine who'd never been to reading. I wanted him to try DiNic's but they were unfortunately all sold out of their roast pork (this was about 5pm), so I figured we'd try Hershel's instead. I've been to reading at least twenty times but had never been to Hershel's before this past Friday, and I'm so glad that I finally got to try them out! We weren't sure what to get so one of the guys behind the counter gave us each thick slabs of pastrami to taste; I was sold. 
We ended up splitting a pastrami sandwich w/swiss cheese and sauerkraut. They fill the sandwich with layers and layers of meat so even though I was only eating half I had to stuff myself to finish it. The pastrami is delicious and juicy BUT also pretty fatty, so you might not feel amazing when you finish it. 
Definitely get the pastrami and definitely get it with sauerkraut because you need something to cut the flavor/grease of straight meat.If you like reuben's, you have not tried them all until you have one from Hershel's!  The meat (corn beef) is simply so well prepared and delicious and the combination with the fresh toasted bread, cheese, dressing etc.- I can't even find words to explain how god this sandwich was.  
There was a cool option on the menu to have a platter with 3 different meats which I may have to try next time.  There is no comparison to the delightfully prepared sandwich, but I am a meat lover at heart and would love to sample the brisket and pastrami as well.  
Prices were really reasonable too!  When can I justify returning to try more??WOW! Best Pastrami I ever had. I was tempted to get the brisket instead since they brought a fresh one out of the oven right in front of me while in line. the pastrami looked drier and not as juicy. But so glad I picked the Pastrami Reuben--it was juicy, lean, plentiful and flavorful. The sauerkraut and Russian dressing didn't overpower the meat and complemented it very well. 
Try to see if you can get a seat at the counter, otherwise you'll have to wait long. But the wait it well worth it!Best Rueben I've ever had. Hands down. So glad I picked this place to eat. You won't regret it.The pastrami reuben is sooooo delightful.  So much so, that my mouth is watering (Wendy Williams style) as I am planning to head over to Hersel's for lunch this afternoon.  The breakfast sandwiches are also amazing (maybe even more amazing) - strangely, I'm not a fan of egg, but that egg/pastrami combo is something else.  I've also really enjoyed the smoked whitefish sandwich w/ all of the fixins!!!  Some might assess the whitefish salad as a tad salty, but a LITTLE sodium doesn't hurt every now and then...Couldn't resist coming back here on my second visit to Philadelphia.  I tacked on a last star for great consistency in their food.
This time I tried the corned beef special.  A very large amount of meat - but since it's not pastrami, it definitely felt a lot healthier scarfing the whole thing down.  Check out the gf's picture (Annie M.) ...it's the first picture for Hershel's on Yelp that really captures the sandwich in all its glory.This place has damn near ruined me for other delis.  The Herschel's Meat Sampler has been my go-to meal every time I'm in the city.  The staff have never been anything but friendly and awesome, and every friend we've introduced to this place have LOVED whatever they ordered.  If you like pastrami or corned beef, this is ABSOLUTELY a 'Must Try' place!Best NY style sandwiches in Philly, and this is coming from a NY'er.  I find myself in the Terminal market several times a yr and always end up getting a sandwich here.  This time I had the Corned beef reuben style.  Meat was very tender and moist.  Not salty at all, which was a nice surprise considering it is CORNED beef after all.  One slight note, the beef could have been a little less tender if that makes any sense.  I like my beef to still retain some of that resilience when you bite into it.  Makes it a little less like over boiled meat.  And this time they were a little light on the coleslaw,  I'm used to it dripping from my elbows when I'm done.  Otherwise a top notch sammy.Cheap deep fried crap. 
They literally let the pastrami sit in a vat of grease for hours until it soaks it all up. 
I ordered an omelette and some French toast. 
They are so lazy let me tell ya: They DEEP FRY FRENCH TOAST. 
Take a minute to let that soak in. 
FT is deep fried here in a pan of butter.  It tastes awful. 
I honestly considered walking away before the food was done and not paying. I ate half the meal and get sick all day from all the butter in my stomach. 
I shan't be going back.Had the 3 meat plate and hot dog and it was incredible.  There is a lot of competition but I felt Hershel's consistently had larger portions and the price was competitiveI can't believe that I would be getting Jewish deli food in PA when I'm from NYC.  I would have to say that this place makes it just as good if not better than what I get from Katz in NYC.  The meat fresh and flavorful, great texture on the bread, non-stingy portion, bonus points for just the right amount of fat for flavor without having to consult my cardiologist.  
NYC Pricing but you do get quite a lot of food so its good value for what you get.  Also I like the historical market ambiance so extra star there.Forget about DiNic's. Come to Hershel's East Side Deli if you are visiting Reading Terminal Market. The first time I had pastrami sandwich was in New York City at the infamous Katz's Delicatessen, and boy were they good! I can honestly say that Hershel's pastrami and corned beef are comparable to Katz's, but half the price! The sandwich comes with thick slices of meat, cheese of your choice, and Russian dressing! Once they put together the sandwich, it's placed in the Panini press, and voila! There's your perfect corned beef/pastrami sandwich! They also let you sample the meat if you want to try them before making a decision. The only reason why I gave them four stars is because I still feel that Katz's Delicatessen in New York is still slightly better. But if you are in Philly, give this place a try! You will not be disappointed!I have absolutely no idea why people wait 30 minutes to stand in line to get sandwiches to go, when there is about a seven-seat deli on the other side where you can sit and eat your glorious sandwich in peace. I have eaten sandwiches across this great country, but for the price, I don't know if there is a better pastrami sandwich on the East Coast (though I still think the best is the pastrami/corned beef double-whammy at the Onion Roll in Oak Park, IL). Arby's may have the meats, but Hershel's has the breads, sauces, service, charm, ... and meats. Oh, and it's kosher too.You have to get the grilled pastrami Rachel sandwich it is effing amazing I was a little hesitant to pay $13 for a sandwich but wow!!!  It's so tasty and so worth it that I easily cough up the dough for this one lol.  P.s.  this is not lunch meat pastrami this is actual meat it's amazing omgI'm surprised by all the four- and five-star reviews. I didn't think Hershel's was all that great. When I asked local Yelpers about delis before coming to Philly, no one had any recommendations for good places, and I was told NYC and LA have much better delis, so I guess I shouldn't have been surprised that Hershel's didn't meet my standards. 
I got the half sandwich/soup combo with turkey on rye and matzo ball soup. The sandwich was nothing special, and the soup just didn't seem right to me. I've had better matzo ball soup at Jerry's Famous Deli! 
When I ordered an iced tea, I was told it was unsweetened. Um, I should hope so. I didn't think Philly was in the South!I love the pastrami here. It's incredible. We usually opt to eat at the counter and I always get pastrami on rye with mustard. No cheese to get in the way of that sweet, sweet, smoked meat! It's so tender and delicious. I almost cried the one time we went and they were out of pastrami. The corned beef is good, but it's no pastrami! The sandwiches aren't as big as some of the other notable delis I've been to (Stage, Katz, Carnegie, Harold's) but that's ok with me, it's delicious and I don't have to deconstruct it before I eat it. I also love matzo ball soup. I've tried countless recipes to try to make the perfect matzo ball (still trying) and theirs just wasn't great, but the pastrami is enough to get 5 stars out of me!Hit the jackpot on this place and didn't spend an hour in line! Had classic reuben and it was out of this world delicious!  Generous, flavor-packed, and reasonably priced!I was craving a Reuben and happened to walk by this place. The sandwich was huge! I couldn't eat the entire thing. The meat was piled high but was a bit grain-ier then I am used to. The sauerkraut and Russian dressing were not really detectable which disappointed me. I love Deli food and would come back to try a few of the other meals but I wouldn't order this again. Plus...it was expensive...While visiting Philadelphia, I basically made it a point to spend as much time as possible at the Reading Terminal. My hotel was very close, and there was just so many different places to try, I couldn't help but go on multiple occasions. I visited Hershel's for breakfast on first morning there and it was amazing. I got an egg and cheese bagel sandwich with bacon. It was everything that a breakfast sandwich should be! The guys behind the counter were really nice as well. My biggest regret is that I did not visit again for another meal. There were just too many options in the terminal. Oh well. I loved what I got while I was there.I can't believe I have never reviewed Herschel. I get my pastrami fix about once a month. The pastrami and corned beef are unbelievably flavorful and moist. The brisket is not great but maybe that's in comparison to the stars. 
If you're local, I suggest buying the platter to make your own sandwiches at home. I was able to make 2 sandwiches and 3 servings of breakfast hash out of a single $11 meat sampler. I know, I was shocked too. 
It's just really, really good.I've been looking forward to returning to Hershel's since first having a Reuben here in 2007.  This time I had a pastrami Reuben, and I was not disappointed.  The food is great, and the staff is very friendly.  This will be a staple each time we're in Philly.Corned beef sandwich. Get it! Also if you are not a football player, share it with someone. It is HUGE. I had half the sandwich at noon and didn't get hungry till 8PM.Delicious sandwiches piled high with meat. I recommend the Hershel's Special with Pastrami - I get it on Pumpernickel.Located in between perhaps two of the most popular sandwich vendors in Reading Terminal Market (Dinic's and Original Turkey), Hershel's East Side Deli doesn't get full recognition as the go-to place for sandwiches. Well, at least for me, it took me a long time to realize that!
Famous for its corned beef and pastrami, Hershel's is operated by a bunch of young-looking, hat-wearing fellows. Although it may not sound so delicious, Hershel's serve one of the best greasy sandwiches! The pastrami is tender, juicy, and with a slight hint of pink in the middle wrapped around with great seasoning outside.
Recommendations: 
1. Pastrami Special (Not grilled, with russian dressing & cole slaw)
2. Pastrami on Reuben (Hot sandwiches, grilled with russian dressing & sauerkraut in it)
Pros:
1. Perfect coordination between the russian dressing and the meat
2. Takes LevelUp and I believe there's $2 credit for Hershel's! Hooray!
Cons:
1. A bit too pricey for a medium-size sandwich despite its hard work on making them (Usually goes over $10 for a sandwich with small fountain drink. But with the LevelUp credit, you can simply ignore this point)
2. A bit too greasy if you're looking for a light, health meal.
Stuck in between all the "must-go-to" places in Reading Terminal, Hershel's East Side Deli blew me away with some serious stuff. Before I can find better pastrami in town, Hershel's is still considered as one of the best place to grab a quick sandwich!Made the wrong sandwich, corned beef instead of pastrami.  The sandwiches was just meat scraps, no good slices.  The scraps were dry, over cooked and tasteless. Very disappointing. I won't go backIt's a pretty popular place at the Reading Terminal, the place had a bunch of employees and a pretty decent line but I wasn't sold on my sandwich.  
The food:
Hershel's Pastrami on Rye with mustard. I think my expectations may have been a little high since I am used to the great Jewish delis in NYC. The pastrami here missed the mark for me. I thought the pastrami was chewier than I expected and it didn't have that nice velvetiness that I am used to in pastrami. I also felt it had some gristly pieces that were off putting. The rye was standard but the mustard did have a nice pop.5 stars for the Corned Beef Reuben.  3 stars for everything else on the menu such as the matzo ball soup and other extras you can buy to go with the sandwich.  I've never had a bad reuben here.  I always ask for extra kraut and pickes, which they accommodate.   HUGE sandwich.
So, an average of 4 stars.  New York better watch out!I just had the best pastrami, egg, and cheese sandwich of my life.  Okay, it was the first pastrami, egg, and cheese sandwich I've ever had, but if they're even close to what Herschel's had to offer, it might be the start of a life-long relationship.
The eggs were perfectly done, the cheese all creamy and melty, the rye bread was fresh, and the pastrami ... Oh, the pastrami ... I'll dream about it tonight.
If you're going to Reading Terminal Market before 11 AM, this is your breakfast place.Came in for a quick bite and landed on this spot. I ordered the Hershel's Club sandwich where you get a choice of meat and they pile that with lettuce and tomatoes. I opted for the pastrami and that was my first time ever having pastrami so I really can't compare it to any other, but dang.... it was good!!
The pastrami was very tender and a little salty but just right, the bread was a little hard for my taste but over all I was satisfied.  If i'm ever around again, I would definitely come back for seconds.great ambiance... love the look of all the sandwiches made ... so many choices.... went with corned beef... excellent, filling and satisfying. will go again if in philly.This little stand defines what a Reuben should be. 
The corned beef is simply delicious and cooked to perfection.
I make it a point to stop by when in the area, and have turned on quite a few people to this gem of a spot. 
Service is timely, and the portions generous. 
Keep up the good work!Veggiesauruses beware. I ordered a meat-free sandwich, while trying to ignore the massive slab of extremely juicy brisket being carved in front of me. I'm sure it's delicious... it's just not for me. I asked for my sandwich bread toasted, and the guy who was elbow deep in meat juice picked up my bread and plopped it on the toaster- without changing his gloves. It was definitely my order because it was a dead time of the day, and nobody else was in line. I told them I changed my mind and headed out. I realize that I shouldn't have expected much at a deli that specializes in meat, but it just makes me wonder about their food service safety practices in general. :/  Since I did not end up eating my order, I can't comment on taste... so the second star is giving them a little benefit of the doubt.Came here after reading rave reviews on their Pastrami & Corned Beef Reuben and looking at the awesome pics posted by fellow members.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  
The idea is great.  It's one of those ideas that come to the mind like, "Duh, why the hell not?".  From what other people have written, I actually don't doubt their validity, but from the moment I had that first bite, I knew something was off.
The pastrami was lacking spice that it's known for but, perhaps this was because of the corned beef being present.  But it's a Reuben, it's supposed to be there.  The corned beef was dry and grainy in texture.  The flavor was present and acceptable, but I just couldn't get past the texture.  It felt like it had been sitting out then reheated, which wasn't so because I saw them cutting the meat for the construction for my sandwich.  I've had corned beef from Katz's Deli, Carnegie Deli, and here locally, Corned Beef King and I must say that all of them fair much much better than Hershel's, at least for the corned beef.   Next, the proportions were off.  If you're going to load up a massive amounts of meat, please keep it proportional and load me up with more sauerkraut and Russian dressing.  These two items were absent in the wake of Mt. Pastrami and Corned Beef.  
Perhaps it was an off day.  When I'm in the area again, I'll think about giving it another shot.I really like these guys. The size of the sandwich is incredible and the pastrami is delicious. The guys are quick to make your order too. They do not have that weird Philadelphia attitude where they hurry you up unnecessarily when you don't know what you want. I have been back after my first time and will continue to patronize them when in the area.Hershel's is the best food spot in Reading Terminal Market.
Food: my favorite sandwich from this place is the Hershel's special pastrami. It comes piled high with pastrami and other fixings like cole slaw and dressing. Then complete with a thick helping of cheese for an extra 50 cents. The hard part is picking from corned beef, pastrami, turkey or brisket. They're all to die for and I could eat it for breakfast lunch and dinner. 
5/5
Service: the crew behind Hershel's counter is friendly and fast. They must throw around 100s of pounds of meat every day. They are sandwich professionals, masters of the deli sandwich.
5/5
Location: reading terminal is an outstanding setting for this gem. The liveliness and fun around the market is unparalleled. The only down side is finding a place to sit and enjoy your pile of savory goodness.  
5/5
Total: 15/15My husband got the Pastrami, it was so yummy and FYI....it was huge! Definitely enough to share. I had a turkey and same story, the meat was fresh and amazing! So big I couldn't finish it, highly unusual. I would say I'm a big eater. This place is a 5 star plus! I'll be back!I went with a friend in the middle of the week during the lunch hour. It is always necessary to have a plan of attack before you enter the Reading Terminal Market because it will immediately accost with all the options and you will otherwise end up squeezing past crowds in a haze of overwhelming bewilderment and growing hunger.
So we conferred together and decided on the perennial classic pastrami on rye at Hershel's. I asked for it with mustard and she asked for it with mayo and that was more than enough. Any additions to the sandwich, either with coleslaw or Russian dressing, would have just taken away from the quality of the meat. 
They cut it away as they make every sandwich and in thick, generously piled slabs that cling together. It's not overwhelmingly greasy or pure sodium. It tastes like high quality meat and incredibly tender without being mushy. They throw in a pickle spear wrapped in paper.
You can find bigger sandwiches for cheaper elsewhere in the city but the quality of the meat and history of the venue is what makes this stand out and well worth the $12.My friend and I had heard a lot about the pastrami sandwich here. It looked good but we both weren't in the mood for a sandwich. We decided to do the meat sampler plate which turned out to be a great since we were able to try the pastrami as well as 2 other meats. We picked the brisket and corned beef. The pastrami and corned beef were both really tender and had a great flavor. I was afraid the corned beef was going to be too salty but it wasn't. The brisket ended up being our least favorite because we were expecting the kind you get at bbq places where it's cooked differently and covered with a sauce. It was still okay but the other 2 were way better.
The price was reasonable, they gave plenty of meat, and it came with a side. We picked coleslaw which wasn't anything special, but it was a good balance to all the meat we consumed.Just ate here 2 days ago after wanting to for at least 2 years.  I basically ordered half the sandwich as corned beef and the other half as pastrami, yes you can do that !!!  Both with coleslaw and Russian dressing on the top half and brown mustard on the bottom half.  It was actually pretty complicated to tell the guy what I wanted because between top and bottom ... one side and the other, separated corned beef and pastrami, it was apparently open to endless interpretations that I now see are possible ... but I knew what I wanted and eventually the guy building the sandwich did too, haha.  He was VERY accommodating.  Ok, now down to the food taste.  This was the best damn corned beef (pastrami) sandwich I had ever had !!!!!!!  It literally melted in my mouth and when he was cutting it, it cut like butter !!  I've eaten at Carnegies Deli in NY, which was just a ridiculous amount of meat (leftovers for 2 days of lunch worth) and very good, but this tasted even better and so much meat that I couldn't finish it.  I think the fact that I ordered both meats on one sandwich may have inadvertently increased the size, but whose counting.  I ended up liking the corned beef side just slightly better than the pastrami, but both were soooo good.  The flavor of the corned beef was just absolutely perfect; juicy as hell, still warm from being cooked, and just the right amount of flavor and saltiness without being overbearing at all, basically mouth watering good. The pastrami was very similar to the corned beef with a hint of that extra spice, whatever that is.  This place has it down perfect !!! Needless to say, I will be back to this place for sure !!!My first review in Philly! 
Meat and flavor lovers, rejoice. This place serves up loaded sandwiches packed with freshly smoked meats and sauerkraut.
First timers, I would recommend Hershel's Famous Reuben with half pastrami half brisket, just to get the full experience. Sauerkraut and the Russian Dressing make the sandwich, and be sure to ask for it toasted.
It's a pricey sandwich (~$15 for sandwich + coke), but potentially shareable (or solo it, no one's judging). Would definitely recommend but more as a once-in-a-while thing.To die for. I've had some damn good pastrami sandwiches in my life...but, WOW.  The pastrami here just melts in your mouth and the flavor is incredible. There just aren't words...
Ate a lot of cheesesteaks while in town, but I now feel like I wasted calories...I'd replace any of those cheesesteaks for the pastrami sandwich at Herschel's.  And as much as I love the roast pork from Tommy Dinic's...it has nothing on this.  Get one...walk around the city for a few hours.  Then, go back and get another one.  I will be at home in LA dreaming of this place.  Yummmmmm!Best pastrami sandwiches anywhere!!!! Friendly employees; fun bar-stools.I love brisket and Hershel's cooks an exceptional chunk of meat. My issue is the amount of fat that remains when the sandwich order is being prepared. It almost becomes inedible when a quarter of the meat on the finished product is FAT. I had to pick it apart with my fingers to avoid the excess. If you enjoy brisket, just order it LEAN to avoid any disappointment. I learned my lesson and if they don't honor your request just walk away from their counter my friend.Had a  great turkey reuben sandwich and a good spinach knish. Right in the middle of the Readiing Terminal Mkt, it's in a great location too. My only caveat: parking in Center City Philadelphia stinks.Service is terrible! Apologize in advance for not being 22 years old and female! lol sandwich awesome! Get rid of the frat boys behind the counter!!Outstanding !!!  Had pastrami and corned beef on rye along with a salad platter (picked whitefish, egg, and chopped liver) along with a potato knish .... All fantastic !!!
At least 4th Street Deli quality at less than half the price !!!While the standard corned beef Reuben here is great, the Pastrami Reuben is second to none.  Piled high with meat, sauerkraut, swiss cheese, and thousand island dressing, it is grilled to perfection and served with a pickle spear.  Not cheap at just over $11 with a drink, but quality has a price.
The potato knishes are also enormous and outstanding.
Well worth the visit to Reading Terminal Market.This is a good place for some authentic type Jewish deli food. We have the meat platter & matzoh ball soup. All good! Just be careful because the soup is burning hot!This is Kevin who's had gone Herschel long-time best ever sandwich plus a good personThe Hershel special with pastrami truly loves up to the hype. Amazing. Pro tip: sit down in the back and order dine in. Much faster service.There's nothing like freshly made corned beef. Honestly, I've only recently realized I like pastrami just as much. Hershel's makes a bomb sandwich with moist and tender cuts. They strike the perfect balance of salt and flavor. The staff is friendly and will allow sampling if you ask. Half sandwiches are also an option despite not being listed on the menu. I rarely eat sandwiches, but I'd be a regular if I lived within 25 miles of this place.Hershel's is one of my go-to quick weekend brunch spots in Philadelphia...and a must for anyone who's visiting the Reading Terminal Market.  Whenever I come here I get either the Bagel and Lox sandwich or the Turkey Reuben - both are delicious.  When I visited Hershel's yesterday, I chose the Bagel and Lox sandwich- plain bagel,  light on the cream cheese (if you don't tell them they will overdo it!), with everything (tomato, onion, capers, and lettuce).  When my sandwich along with two deli pickles showed up, it was packed with fresh lox - in fact yesterday the sandwiches seemed even larger then usual- ok with me because I was starving.  My boyfriend ordered the Turkey Reuben sandwich- stacked high with smoked turkey, sauerkraut, liberally drizzled with Russian dressing, the bread crisped to perfection on the panini press- delicious with a can of root beer! 
There are only about 8 or 9 stools here, so you're lucky if you get the chance to sit down.  Service while minimal, has always been friendly and pleasant.  Prices are fair, but definitely worth it for the amount of food you get.  
Recommended!Best pastrami I've had in years.  Flavorful and moist.  The right amount of fat!  Large portion on good seeded rye.This was a cool looking joint.  You get to see the carvers and the meats doing it up.  The meats, corned beef, pastrami, and brisket looked and tasted so tender.  Not piled as high as New York Delis, but easier enough to eat on the puny rye bread.  New York delis tend to believe that their sandwich can be eaten without the request of more bread.
Anyway, I'm not really a corned beef guy but I had the Reuben and it was so good.  Along with the coleslaw and dressing, just puts it over the top.We were at the Reading Food Market in the morning around 10:30 and we stopped here on a whim to have some breakfast sandwiches.  I had the pastrami egg and cheese. ...it was ridiculous!  The pastrami was perfect,  some of the best I've had.  My girlfriend had a turkey bacon egg and cheese, she also said it was very good.
We sat at the counter but you could get sandwiches to go on the other side.Best pastrami/corned beef place I've found so far. I usually order a combination of both meats with Russian dressing on rye. It is amazingly flavorful.Had a "breakfast" sandwich of pastrami and egg (no cheese, I mean it feels weird having to request no cheese on a Jewish-style pastrami) on rye. I think it was 7.65 for it.
Pastrami had a lot of fat but overall it was very tender and juicy. Saurkraut needed more well "Saur"ness, was a bit watery. Woman was nice.
They do sell Black cherry soda which goes well with the meat.
3.7.The absolute greatest! One of the best sandwiches of all time!!! The pastrami Reuben, it's amazing. The corn beef and even their turkey sandwiches are amazing.I've been to Reading Terminal Market 4-5 times and I've eaten at this place twice.  That says something given the ridiculous number of options one has at the market.By far the best Turkey Ruben I have ever had!  And the Kugel! Oh man.  One of my girl friends makes amazing homemade sweet, noodle Kugel, and this was right up there.  
There's nothing more to say; I'll keep it short and sweet.
Yummmmm.Reuben with corned beef was great. 4 stars because I didn't think it was cooked slow enough..so a lot of the fat/chewyness stuck around. But those meaty bites were delicious. I will def be coming back here next time I am in town. The sandwhiches are huge...my gf and I shared one. We let the guys know and they gave us two plates and two pickle spears. That was awesome. One sandwich and a large drink for about $12.Pastrami Reuben.  It is amazing.  I'm starting to salivate a little while writing this review as I think about it.  That sandwich is perfection.  Especially if you love meat.  It is overflowing with pastrami.  Delicious, delicious pastrami.  The funny things is that I could do without meat in most circumstances and I actually dislike sauerkraut in general.  For some reason, I just love this sandwich, sauerkraut, super meatiness, and all.  That russian dressing brings it all together with the pastrami and sauerkraut...all in between perfectly toasted buttery rye bread.  Usually, I can only eat half of this sandwich, so this is another instance when my husband is more than happy to help me out with the leftovers.  
I'm only taking off 1 star because I'm not really that into the other menu items that I have tried.  It is just personal preference.  My husband loves the corned beef reuben, but I'm more of a fan of the pastrami reuben.  I went too late on a Tuesday evening (5pm-ish) and the person in line ahead of me received the last pastrami reuben for the day.  Another family member tried a tuna sandwich and we were not as impressed by it.  My husband loves the potato salad, but it just isn't my style, as well.I was visiting Philly to see my family few months ago and I decided to finally write a review about the sandwich I had. WOW! i was treated by my uncle who runs a business in the Reading Terminal and i had the corn beef sandwich. I'm like WTF is this?!? It's monstrous and awesome looking! I thought it was pastrami because  it looked like something I've had before.  I ONLY eat the THICK hand cut ones. Not that other thin sliced bullshit!! Back to the sandwich: WOW! It was beautiful with the texture of rye, tenderness and flavor of meat, sharpness of cheese, and the creamy Cole slaw All put together in one beauty. Thanks Herschel for allowing me to try something out of the box in Philly. It's not all about the cheesesteak over there. It's lots of other wonderful stuff and the Reading terminal is a landmark and institution for the people.Brisket and corned beef, oh my!   Great place to same some tasty meat while at the Reading Terminal Market.Closer to 3.5 stars(Damn you Yelp and your lack of half stars!) Always passed by this place walking through Reading Terminal. Meat looked good. REAL good. So had to try it out, grabbing the meat sampler. Pastrami, Corned Beef, Brisket, w/pickle and a side of cole slaw. 
Maybe I'm just not the biggest fan of this sort of cuisine, but it wasn't the meat heaven I was expecting from admiring afar behind the serving glass. The Corned Beef was quite delicious and the Brisket tender, but the pieces of Pastrami I received were a bit salty. Tried my friends' Turkey and it was rather dry. I will say this though, it was a great value at $12, as it was all meat and it was readily very filling. I can definitely see the appeal, and next time I'll try the Hershel Special, but for now I think I can cut down on the sodium intake.Superb!
Great deli. Love their Bialy with Nova. 
The pastrami was lean and tasty.
The best deli in the area by far!!!Gotta go 5 stars here and this is why:
Rolled in just before the lunch herd on a weekday and ordered the soup and sandwich combo. The guy asked what type of soup I wanted and explained the soup of the day which was a sausage and white bean. I opted for that and a half corned beef sammy.
The corned beef was fresh and packed on two slices of bread the were no match for it. The soup was great and no doubt made from scratch.
Fresh food, great quality and under $10. Thats 5 stars all day.Brisket on Jewish Rye with mustard....Absolutely Perfect. Bliss.1000% all for this place. I don't care for massive messy meat sammiches, but hands down best pastrami I've ever had. ive been shopping at reading for a while and finally came across this, ate way too fast, it was all worth it. applesauce potato latkes and egg salad also so damn good. super happy cat.Oh, to have a restaurant like this in our little town...it would make home just beyond perfect.  Hubby had pastrami and I had the corned beef reuben.  Beyond excellent and lots of lean, delicious meat, piled high, just the right amount of slaw and thousand island dressing.  Hubby was thrilled to have an egg cream...put such a sweet smile on his face throughout the meal...well, it was just perfect.  We would return to Philly just to eat here.Pastrami Reuben on rye bread was excellent. All of the ingredients were well balanced and high quality. Everything's made to order and the meat is carved in front of you. You also have the option of choosing corned beef or turkey, but the pastrami just looked too good to pass up. The line moved fast and my sandwich was ready by the time I got to the register. Will be back. Highly recommendMy new favorite spot in Reading Terminal Market! I had the Hershel's Special with pastrami (cole slaw, cheese, and Russian dressing on rye), and it hit the spot. The meat is high quality and generously piled into the sandwich. Expensive, no doubt, but very filling. The service is friendly and fast. Excellent spot for when you're in the mood for some deli favorites.By far the best Ruben I have had. I got the half n half. One half was corned beef and the other pastrami. Best kosher deli ever!!!Uh, yes yes yes please!
After disappointment at Hymie's in Merion, we finally found the Katz's taste without having to trek to NYC to get it. Thank you, Philly love!
Pastrami melts in your mouth!
Corned beef? This calls for the word DELECTABLE!
Nice thick slabs, and none of that paper-thin deli-sliced cold-cut style junk. You know it's some good stuff if trying to put this on a meat slicer would never work because it's so tender it falls apart in your hands. FALLS  APART IN YOUR HANDS! That is how pastrami and corned beef should be!
The Reuben could have used more sauce/dressing, which was annoying, but we are still giving them 5 stars, so that tells you how good the thing still was.
$12/sandwich and no sides (well, you get a pickle)... a little much, but they pile it high, and this is c-city. Not as pricey as Katz's in NYC, but not as big. All in all, worth it, we'd say. We will be back!Jewish Heaven. Just the way my dad use to make my sandwiches. Big and obnoxious! Growing up in an all Gentile neighborhood the kids in my elementary school just didn't get it. I remember one girl used to get a hard boiled egg, a slice of bread and an apple. So I'd always give her the other half. 
Well me and my stacked meat sandwiches were a revelation compared to the PB J's and 1 Slice of cheese sandwiches that I witnessed all around me in the cafeteria during lunchtime!
oh yeah, back to the review. I had the whitefish platter and finally tried out the Cel-Ray soda that my boyfriend had been raving about. The amount of food I received on my platter made 4 sandwiches. So there was plenty of take home. Which I tentatively hid in the back of the fridge so my bo wouldn't find it. (he's such a foodie)
This place is a little heaven and the service was great. Jill was my waitress and a real doll. She said the tips weren't great which i was hard pressed to believe but I still slipped her a 40% tip. I recommend this place highly. Food was fresh, mounds and mounds, even the Q-tips at the Early birds in Florida would be jealous!
* Q-Tips are Seniors with white hair.. get it :)Hershel's provided deli trays for my Super Bowl party and they were truly outstanding and a great value.  Not only did we get the trays but there were so many extras as well such as the brisket (some of the best I ever had), Dr. Brown's soda, and a cookie tray.  The meats, salads and pickles were all delicious.  I ordered food for 30 but felt like I had enough for 75.
We will definitely be ordering food from them again!Such a great breakfast! I had the pastrami, egg and cheese sandwich. The pastrami was fresh, warm, nicely spiced and just falling apart. So tender and delicious. It's a big breakfast and I really didn't want to have anything else until about four that afternoon.   Highly recommended!Ok I know I just ate at carman's but this was another must have while here and they are not wrong. If you are looking for a Pastrami sandwich this is the place. The guys behind the counter were great offering suggestions and just real friendly. The sandwich was top notch. The flavor was perfect and the sandwich just melts in your mouth. Again a much do while here in Philadelphia.LOVE THIS PLACE! 
A friend from Philly recommended this place to us.  It's right across Tommy DiNic's.  If I were u, I would skip the line at Tommy DiNis'c and head straight to Hershel's.  I really enjoyed the Corned Beef Special from Hershel's.  What made the sandwich so good was their coleslaw! I've had the same sandwich at Kat'z deli in New York, but I think Hershel's blows Katz out of the water.Liked it so much, came here two days in a row.  
Had a convention next door and as usual, the place is jam packed.  First day I ordered the Pastrami Rachel, which came with 1000 Island dressing and cole slaw.  The pastrami was on point.  In my mind, comparable to Katz's in NY and Langer's in LA.  The pastrami is carved on the spot and so damn good.  It's also grilled on a panini press before they serve it so there's that crunch on the rye bread.  
2nd day I went with a regular pastrami with mustard and swiss cheese.  I probably liked this version more since you can really taste the pastrami.  Same thing, grilled on a panini press for that extra crunch.
Price-wise, it's what you expect for a stack of handcarved pastrami.  I sat at the counter one of the days and that's definitely the way to go.The best pastrami sandwich I have ever had.  The meat is carefully trimmed and carved right in front of you as the sandwich is made.  Yum!The best hot pastrami sandwich at Reading Market for sure and perhaps one of the best I have tasted.   I have seen the line across the way at Dinics and frankly, what a joke!  Just a few steps over to Hershel's to glance at the meat alone, is enough to say "I am going to try this!".  The Pastrami is loaded on this sandwhich, it is tender, moist, thick cut and on great bread!  I have my favorite spot in Phoenix for hot pastrami that I have been going to for 30 years, but I have to say, this has topped my other favorite.  The staff is always friendly and efficient.  Don't fall into the trap of long lines for a media hyped food establishment, try Hershels, you won't be disappointed.Located in the Reading Terminal, in the back middle-ish. There's so many different eateries here, but we saw the line to this place and we decided, we must eat here. The line takes a while though to get through as even though the sandwiches get made fairly quickly, there's only 1 cash register person and that was your bottleneck. We were torn on getting the sandwiches, but ended up getting the meat plate with 3 choices of meat - pastrami, corned beef, & brisket. As my boyfriend knows my love of rye bread, we asked if we could get a slice of bread and they did for free! We also kept hearing folks order the celery soda. I was like...celery?? Well if everyone's doing it...might as well try.
We got lucky with our seating as it's pretty much first come first serve in Reading Terminal. We started eating our meats and it was just drop dead yummy. Sampler platters let you sample everything (well we didn't get the turkey). The celery soda tasted more like cane sugar. Quite sweet.
Would I go here again? Yes! Too bad I'm on the other side of the country!I got the meat sampler. Three choices were brisket, corned beef and turkey. They were all awesome!  Deli pickle and coleslaw in the side. I wish I could have eaten more!A little expensive but totally worth it
I got a corned beef Ruben with chips and a large drink for ~15$. This is one of the best Rubens I've ever had. Hershel's is consistently good and does not skimp on the meat by any means. This is one of the Crown Jewels of reading terminal.Simply amazing. I spend a week in beautiful Philadelphia a couple of weeks ago. As a chef coming from Los Angeles I was in food heaven!!! Word was go and have a corned beef at readings terminal. That's exactly what I did!! Eastside deli was and is on point. I then went back the next day for another and rye bread to take home to Los Angeles! I will be back for business in Dec for round 2Try the French toast! Just awesome. Crispy outside and doughy egg bread inside. Top it off with some butter and syrup. Just really nice French toast and very reasonable too.Juicy. Thick. Stacked...
Pastrami Reuben.
As my equally stuffed & satisfied companion put it, "I'm no, reubenisseur, but this is the best I've ever had."Great service and food. We stopped in for a quick lunch after arriving in the city. We ordered the corned beef, pastrami, and turkey sandwiches. I thought the corned beef was the best but all were good. The turkey seemed to be actual brined and roasted turkey.*sigh* How I wished you were 4 or 5 star worthy.  I ignored Dinic's for your pastrami special and you just weren't as good.
Good(s):
Really meaty sandwiches - There's something beautiful about watching them slice the pastrami and then arrange it into mounds on each sandwich
Bad(s):
No corned beef left mid-afternoon on Saturday 
Pastrami - I love pastrami.  So why is it that this pastrami which looks more delicious than any other has a slight strange aftertaste?
Matzoh ball soup - A tragedy.  Salty and more salty.Pastrami sandwich was really tasty, the side of pickle it comes with had a different taste but still really good!
I just wish they told you cheese was extra, mustard was Extra ... Pretty much anything else you want on your sandwich besides the bread and meat would cost you Extra! 
I ordered the $10.85 plate and ended up paying almost $13.00 no drink included!! 
It's a very crowded & busy place and they seem to rush you when ordering.... It's tourist central so you'd think they'd have a little more patience!?! 
But with all my complaining I would still recommend you try the pastrami sandwich, it was worth every penny!Pastrami and corned beef. You won't find a better version of either anywhere else. Yes it is fatty but what's the point of living if you don't allow yourself these little indulgences?  Latkes are good, not great but the meat is delish. Grab a lb or two to make your own reubens during the week. Your coworkers will be jealous.I've been working at Hershel's for about three years now and I must say, what great food they have! I know it may sound a bit cheesey to comment on my own place of employment, but they deserve my appreciation. I work there six days a week, usually from 6 in the morning to 2 or 3 in the afternoon. I have the option to eat anywhere I want for both breakfast and lunch, but why would I?  This place is amazing anytime of day! I love the pastrami rueben and I eat the matzo ball soup just about everyday!( I have yet to have better matzo ball soup in Philly) Since, I'm usually there making the deli stuff and what not. Come on by, say hello, and order a pastarmi rueben!I've been to Philly about 7 times in the past 3 years and never hit this place up, see my radio dick friends always want $100 steaks or steak and cheese. So now that my son attends college in this amazing eating city, I can venture out when I visit him. yeah yeah everyone loves DiNic's but this place has the best corn beef reuben I have ever eaten PERIOD. Absolutely the most delicious fresh thing ever, and the meat was so perfect, I cant explain it just go have one and then you can try to... 
p.s. Never forget, philly fans boo'd Santa Claus.... Santa Claus !!!The corned beef is excellent and the special is alot to handle. The ingredients all seem fresh and the staff is courteous and the brisket is also top line. They also have a great deal for a 1/2 sandwich and a soup. This is my goto deli when downtown. Try it you'll like it!Dry, salty... Not NYC corned beef... Comparatively cheap, but if you're a NYC corned beef enthusiast, don't come running here like I did...As a jew in a not so jewish city, this place is a slice of home...big big slice of home. These sandwiches are so thick. I've always gotten the reuben because its amazing... greasy but every once in a while as a guilty pleaser, go for it!The amount of meat they put on these sandwiches its amazing. I got the turkey reuben, and it was good. The turkey was moist and plentiful, and the bread was toasted to perfection. My only issue was that with that much meat, the sauerkraut and dressing got lost in the flavor shuffle. Overall it was very good.went here with friend and had Ruben cornbeef sandwich and a brisket sandwich.
brisket was very tender and fell apart very easily only complaint was it was a little on the dry side. The cornbeef ruben was very good served on rye bread with russian dressing swiss chesse and sauerkraut.Try Hershel's. You will NOT be disappointed. Come enjoy a great sandwich. The Matzo Ball soup is delicious. Best Pastrami in Philadelphia! Steven, thanks for the awesome hospitality. You are the best!Went to pick up a sandwich the other day and need to address service.  It was not at all attentive, in fact could better be described as dismissive.  They were not busy with customer at all.  They just seemed to be too busy talking to each other to care about the customer standing in front of them.  I had to repeat the order twice and then correct it once while the guy was making it.    
The food was fine, albeit cold due to the lousy service.    
Pay attention gentlemen!  Courtesy cost nothing.  
Had to drop them a star  as this was not the first time I experienced bad service.  You only have so many bad days before it begins to be a trend.Their pastrami and corned beef is amazing, very moist and flavorful. I always ask for a combo so that I can get both meats in my sandwich. Really hits the spot!Awesome! We ordered turkey Reuben's and they were delicious... And so big we could have shared one! The turkey was fresh. Our server was great- super polite and friendly. Will definitely be stopping back next time we're in the city!Excellent! Hubs got pastrami, egg and cheese on a bagel which was essentially a huge omelette on large toasted bagel - glad he shared a little, it was such a great choice. Pastrami was very tender. I had everything bagel with lox and cream cheese - huge portion of lox for a very reasonable price.Greatest pastrami sandwich I've had since my Dad and I used to get them when I was a kid...  wow...  tender, huge and great bread!!!  Don't hesitate...  get in line...  don't know for sure, but guessing the pastrami is home made because it was so juicy and tender...  must be very slow cooked and for a very long time to get that moist and easy to eat...  simple, yet sublime!!Oh good lord, this place is delicious! This is the most delicious sandwich ever! It's giant, it's sloppy, it's delicious, adn the pickles are fantastic! I always get the pastrami reuben on rye, with toasted bread, extra sauce and tons of pickles on the side. It's expensive, but it's kinda like chipotle. You eat only once perday and you're condemned to the couch for the rest of the day digesting this mound of delicious nestled nicely in your belly. 
If you're looking to do something afterwards, I highly recommend splitting this sandwich. It's giant and wonderful and makes me want to sing about unicorns dancing on rainbows.Yum! This was my 2nd favorite place to eat while visiting Philly.
The sandwiches were generously portioned, good to share with another person.
The meats were moist and just tasted amazing.
I had to get some to go before heading to the airport. 
The reading terminal had so many food choices- a must while you're in Philly!Hershel's:
I visited the Reading Terminal on a Saturday last December with some friends.  Since I can't resist the possibility of a great deli sandwich, Hershel's was my obvious choice for lunch.
I had the Hershel's Special, with brisket, slaw and Russian dressing on seeded rye.  Very good - the only flaw being that the cuts of brisket were overly fatty - I ended up discarding several pieces.
Finished off with a Dr. Brown's soda, that's a meal I really can't complain about.Don't even want to waste my stomach space for bread, so ordered half pound of pastrami and half pound of corned beef.  $15 lunch for 2 persons.The Hersel's "Special" sandwich wasn't and neither was the service. The kid who took my order was too cool to be pleasant, the Mac salad tasted spoiled anid the only saving grace was the corned beef.  Simply stated the meat was sublime.  Too bad the rest of the experience was not!This place is SOOOO Good! The corned beef special is second to none! The meat is tender the bread holds up the whole time you are eating and its HUGE! I always want to try other menu items but my usual is too good!Loved my pastrami sandwich with mustard and Swiss. Service was quick and the meat very tasty.  It was a bit pricey about $18 for sandwich and soda.Excellent deli in Reading Terminal Market. There are many options to choose from at Reading Terminal Market but this place is a must try. They have everything covered in here. Pastrami, Corned Beef, Roast Beef, Turkey, etc. Bread is fresh too. Homemade cole slaw is great. Must try if in this area.All we an say is Amazing!  A definite go to if you're in Philadelphia.  We got the pastrami with coleslaw grilled. 
Can't go wrong with any of their choices.Came to Reading Terminal Market twice on trip and stopped at Hersel's twice. That's how good it was.
The first time, I ate the corned beef sandwich right at the market, wanting to absorb the atmosphere and enjoy my time. I thought this sandwich was excellent! Some pieces were a little dry, but otherwise it was a sandwich stacked high and proud full of thick sliced corned beef and a hearty helping of slaw. The pickle on the side also provided a nice reprieve from the fatty/greasy nature of the meal.
The second time, I decided to try the pastrami as it was recommended very strongly. This time, I opted to hold onto it while I took a trip to the park. When it came time to eat, I really enjoyed the smokiness and some of the burnt edges we got on our sandwich. It added a certain flavor and flair, if you will. However, I thought they were a bit skimpy on the slaw. And there was no pickle this time.
Stick with eating in house and with the corned beef in my opinion!Ordered the pastrami but it was dry and had no flavor and not slices but small chunks.  Wasn't worth eating.Line wasn't too bad, 8 mins. Real friendly staff, lots of meat, really delicious cheese. Would eat againA must-eat in Reading Terminal Market -- sliced beef brisket sandwich on rye with Russian dressing ($8). Easy line, VERY pleasant service and out-of-this-world brisket. Shared this gianormous sandwich with DH and we were both stuffed!I ate a good pastrami sandwich. Cole slaw lacked flavor though. Nice place to sit and people watch at the reading terminal and worth a trip for the food.Wow!!! The pastrami is amazing here! I saw the price and I wasn't crazy about paying $8 for a sandwich but once I saw him cut the meat and put 2  yes 2 heaping handfuls of meat on the bread I was amazed! The meat is so flavorful and delicious! My only complaint is the meat was a little bit fatty. Thats why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. I have had it before and it was not fatty at all. Also try the Kasha. its a pasta with wheat flour or something. whatever it is its pretty good. I think it is an acquired taste so some people may not like it.How do you describe perfection? That's right and I don't use that word lightly. Hershel's has created the perfect sandwich. All you have to do is go to the counter and order a Pastrami Rachel. And then watch them build heapings and heapings of hot gorgeous pastrami followed by cole slaw, Swiss cheese and thousand island. After this beauty is put together they slam it down into a panini press to make it all hot and gooey. Trust me, if you don't believe in religion, you will after eating this sandwich.I stopped by for lunch and grabbed a brisket sandwich. First thing of note, it was huge-  so much mean I couldn't fit the thing into my mouth. They cut it up right in front of you and are incredibly fast and efficient. 
The meat is great. They offer to grill the sandwich for you, and I think next time I will do just that. They offer cheese, saurkraut, and Russian dressing if you'd like those added (cheese is extra cost).
Not bad for a quick bite at the market, I'm sure I'll be back.Delicious! There aren't any other words. The corn beef was so moist I've never had corn beef so good.REALLY good hearty reuben's sandwiches!!!!  
its so fun that they let you taste all the different types of meat. i highly recommend this placeNo better folks...  had the pastrami sandwich a couple times and there is no better that I have ever, ever had...  they pull what looks like a side of beef out of the oven, cut it in half, chop it up and that is what goes on your Pastrami sandwich...  so not only was it huge, but the most tender, melt in your mouth sandwich you will ever have the pleasure of biting into...   one great sandwich!Both the regular Reuben and the turkey Reuben are delicious, piled 3in high with juicy, thick-cut meat and plenty of sauerkraut.   One sandwich is definitely shareable, which makes the $10 price tag a value for two meals.
I wanted to give an extra commendation to the service.  The last time I visited it was a Sunday afternoon, which in RTM inevitably means busy with a long line.  I walked near the counter with the second half of my sandwich, and I did not even have to ask--despite the line, my server held out his hand and wrapped the half for me to take home.
Overall, an excellent Sunday lunch and my go-to spot for a deli fix.Wow! I have always loved the Philly food scene but I would never have thought that I would find the best Jewish Deli sandwich ever there. This place blew Katz's on the LES out of the water! The corned beef was so succulent and moist but not fatty and the owner even gave us a taste of the pastrami...oyi. Amazing. The Matzah ball soup could cure anything that ails you. My only lament, I don't live in Philly, I live in NYC. Damn.Tasty, tender, juicy meats. I am in love with their brisket, so much so that quite a few times I have gotten plain brisket without bread and other accoutrements (that is, except pickles - they always gladly give me extra when I ask). Not that their bread is bad (I am also in love with their rye bread), but I have to choose my indulgence. As with any Jewish deli worth that label, Hershel's also has excellent humongous desserts.The terminal is a busy place. You order at the counter and the staff fixes everything for you as you watch. There are tables across from the counter for the general public. The staff was polite and the pastrami is good but it's no Katz deli.  The sandwich is massive so make sure to split them with someone. I had a side of potato salad which was ok. Not a lot of flavor but paired well with the salty meat. I had a pastrami sandwich loaded, side of potato salad and a bottled water. The total came to just over $17. The terminal is not very clean so you feel like having a shower after you eat there.Really great pastrami Reuben!  Would have loved to try the corned beef also. Will do on next trip. Pickles were good too. Parking at the market is very expensive.shit is dank. I dont have to write some lengthy review because everyone else already has. This is my favorite place to eat in Reading TerminalTried the Reuben sandwich and like what some reviewers mentioned, there is a not a ton of Russian dressing and sauerkraut overloading this sandwich.  To be honest, I could not taste the Russian dressing at all.  I would have preferred the rye to be a bit more buttered.  Overall, not a bad Reuben, I just have had better.I have no idea why anyone would rate this any less than 5 stars!!  Could be the best pastrami and corned beef sandwich I have ever had.  I am here at a conference and stumbled onto it...SO glad I decided to give it a try!Try the soup! I always get the Hershel's special with pastrami (which is obviously incredible), but today decided to try the soup of the day, which was barley-beef soup. Incredible! I'll definitely be trying their soups from now on. The hot dog with sauerkraut was great as well. I love this stand.Best Reuben in town hands down!  Pastrami is fantastic as well.  This is not just a tourist spot this is the real deal!  I eat there way too often to be honest!That spectacularly delicious sandwich I can't even remember the name of, and forgot to take a picture of as I was so mesmerised, washed away the bitter aftertaste from the cheese steak sandwich from Spataro's, another shop in the market.
I believe the sandwich we got here was called the "Special," although we know it had corned beef in it, and it just melts in your mouth. It only comes with a few ingredients: spread, slaw, and the meat, and yet it was just one of the best I ever had.The line moves quickly, and you get a look at the meat as they slice it. The pastrami sandwich I had was very lean and so tender, and sliced differently than the pastrami I tend to get in NY. The marble rye was perfect for the sandwich, and soaked up the juice from the pastrami. I prefer the way the pastrami is cut at other delis, which is my only drawback. I admit I may be a bit biased because of that!Okay... just stop reading these reviews and start eating.  This place gave me a sandwich-gasam.
Yes, it's a real thing.The corned beef sandwich is good but it definitely needed the dressing.  The meat on its own would be too dry.  I bet the pastrami is better.The pastrami is melt in your mouth goodness! One of my new faves at the Reading Market.My first eats in Philly were had at Hershel's Deli. I just so happened to stumble in to the Reading Terminal Market looking for lunch, and man Hershel's did not disappoint. I ordered the pastrami sandwich with all the toppings. To my delight, they pile the meat on high and then finish it all off by toasting the bread to a buttery, golden perfect sandwich. Good eats in less than 5 minutes - I will be back!Wow!  Outstanding!   The people who work here are nice. I ordered the meat sampler and it is huge.  Enough for 3 people.  They were so nice and also gave me a coulee slices of bread.  The potato salad is fresh yet needs a bit more flavor.  Highly recommended.Quality meats cut right in front of long lines and a crowd of tables squished up right next to each other. Reminds me of Katz's in NYC.
Tips.
1) Ask for extra pickles--they're free but you just have to ask for extras.
2) Order the Reuben since it's by far the best thing on the menu.
3) Know what kind of bread you're getting before getting in line (Rye, Pumpernickel, wheat or marble rye) so as not to slow things up.
Pros:
1) Great meats cut right in front of you. The pastrami has a lot of flavor; the brisket is tasty but less flavorful.
2) Pretty cheap. A $10 Reuben is reasonable; you can get the $7 sandwiches if you like though.
3) Friendly staff.
Cons:
1) If you eat inside Reading Terminal Market, prepare to sit right next to strangers who can hear everything you say in your conversation.
2) The meats are very fatty. Some people like that they don't shave the fat off, but it makes for a rather unhealthy sandwich.
Overall, delicious, fast, and relatively cheap. You can tell it's quality by the long lines always nearby.i had the best pastrami ever. you guys rock. Amazing. Wish any competitor can catch same quality at west coast. you guys are amazing with very reasonable price. amazing.Wow. I'm staying across the street from the market for a conference and briefly perused yelp for a lunch option. Had to hunt for a few mins to find the place inside the market, but boy am I glad I did. I couldn't decide the age old argument (corned beef or pastrami) so I simply said, make me your favorite and the guy behind the counter went with pastrami (special with dressing and slaw). I added a potato salad and can of Doc Brown's Root beer. Gave them a dollar tip (mine was to go and I never know what to tip but gave it for the recommendation) and my total was $17.70. Seems like a lot for a sandwich, but the second I got back to my room and bit into that unbelievably tender, moist pastrami, I realized I would have gladly paid double. I will go back here again, perhaps multiple times over the next four days. Hidden gem for sure.We were walking around the Reading Terminal Market, looking for a place to eat, and found this deli. We weren't disappointed about our choice - the pastrami sandwiches and hot dogs were maybe the best we've had! If you're wandering around the market looking for a place to eat - look for Hershel's! You won't regret it!Best pastrami sandwich i've ever had, I dont' even feel the need to try another one, I mean don't get me wrong I will, but this one totally reigns supreme, hands down!I should really give Hershel's a 3.5, because in my book it is a solid 3.5 But I'm going to round down because I really don't think it deserves a 4.  I have been here twice for an egg and cheese on a bagel sandwich, and had a near exact experience both times.  Both times, the sandwich was good.  Nearly great, but missing just a little something something. Unsure what, but it was good.  The kugel was great the one time I've had it here, and I think I've had their latkes before and enjoyed them as well.  Overall, a solid deli experience.Corned beef sandwich was good with the slaw. 4/5
Brisket sandwich was disappointingly dry and flavorless. 2/5
Would definitely be willing to try some other sandwiches though.The pastrami was one of the best ever. The others are good but not amazing. The wait can be extremely long during peak hours, with the line wrapping around all sides of the entire store.the sandwich taste greatcoleslaw and sauce match the smoked beef perfectly! Good portion, worth the price!ROCK ON HERSHEL'S!!! 
As a native Irish American New Yorker who grew up on Grandma's corned beef on select Sunday's...I thought...that was it.  That it couldn't get any better. I was WRONG WRONG WRONG.  
Hershel's Corned Beef Ruben was piled high with meat, perfectly touched with an appropriate amount of fixing's and an AMAZING experience. I had to stretch my mouth to put it all in, in one bite (insert joke here).  The potato salad was just enough to complement the sandwich and at $.93 - well worth it.  A friend and I split the sandwich which was a perfect later afternoon tie over before a late dinner. 
On a side note: I decided that Hershel's had nothing to do with the obnoxious Coney Island loud phone talker at the table next to us. After getting off the phone he leaned over and proceeded to dictate the meaning of life to us for the next 15 minutes.  The involvement in my yummy sandwich was a good distraction from his ignorant question "Are you guys from the Midwest?" Apparently he failed to notice my own NY accent and that of my friend  - who has an obvious non-American accent.
The Reading Terminal Market is also great for people watching!Another swing and a miss!
The first time I ate here I got a pastrami w/mustard on rye and it was tasty. Today I got a sandwich that really sucked. I ordered a pastrami-brisket special. He immediateley grabbed rye & dressed it. I asked could I have seeded rye. He reached behind, opened a bag, and pulled out two slices of bread that were much smaller than the plain rye. At that point I almost said never mind. He did pile a lot of meat on, so it really wasn't an issue. The bread, however was so stale that it was hard. I got about 80% dry, tasteless brisket and some under seasoned pastrami. The cole slaw was kinda bland as well, and there wasn't enough Russian dressing.
Maybe I shoulda got the pastrami-corned beef special on plain rye. 
Maybe I won't return. That's more likely.The food is good but they didn't pay much attention to what they were doing I guess because I didn't get the sandwich I ordered. I was disappointed because I ordered corned beef and pastrami with coleslaw on pumpernickel, but I got someone else's Reuben. It was okay but I'm not a fan of Swiss cheese or sauerkraut.Order a half a pound of chicken salad to take home, was charges for a half pound of salad when I got home was a half of a sandwichA common complaint I hear about Philadelphia is our lack of delis. Although I love Wawa as much as the next Philadelphian, sometimes you just need a little more out of your sandwich. Cue Hershels East Side Deli.  Their sandwiches are just awesome. They are known for their  pastrami so if you're a fan, get it. But have no fear, pastrami haters, their other sandwiches are really fantastic.  I had a chicken salad here that just might have been my favorite in Philly. 
This place is a perfect location for a lunch in Reading Terminal when you just want a solid meal.  It even has seating, win!As a snobby NY foodie, I am usually very prejudiced when it comes to eating NY staples elsewhere.  Hershel's did not disappoint.  I had the three meat platter of Corned Beef, Pastrami and Brisket, and had a tough time deciding which was the best because they were all cooked and seasoned to perfection.  The cole slaw was outstanding as well as it wasn't so tangy with vinegar.  
The owner, Steve, is awesome as well.  He even gave my friend and I his Phillies tickets behind home plate.  I will definitely be visiting any time I am back in Philly.I have had a sandwich from Hershel's before and it was delicious so I wanted to try it again! Hershel's is a copy of a New York Jewish deli.  Their meats are served hot on sandwiches...and they give you a lot of meat (not as much as a huge NY sandwich but enough).  This time I had the corned beef reuben and the small matzoh ball soup.  The matzoh ball soup was good but not the best I have ever had.  The sandwich was very good. I love when the corned beef is very very lean, and that it was. I would definitely go back to Herhsel's! Plus the line is usually shorter than other places in Reading Terminal.  The staff keeps the line moving. :)Hershel's ruined me for pastrami.
This was awesome: Thick, tender pieces of pastrami cut from a larger roast and piled high on thin rye bread with Russian dressing and cole slaw. I knew I was in trouble when I saw the volume of dressing slathered on my bread, and indeed, I needed about forty napkins and a bathroom trip to manage the mess all over my hands and forearms. But my mouth was so excited about the experience that I was able to completely overlook the gloop. This was like essence of pastrami--the best of pastrami flavor and texture distilled into a freaking amazing sandwich.
I might opt for the pastrami on rye with mustard next time rather than the special, just to cut down on the mess and because the pastrami is such a superstar that not much else is needed. Whatever you want on your pastrami, though, you need to order it at Hershel's.I just found my new sandwich stop in reaching terminal market! Ordered the pastrami Reuben and it was outstanding. The line was quick - they cut the meat right there in front of you. Threw some coleslaw and Swiss cheese on it - grilled it in a sandwich press - and handed it over with a side of pickle. The meat was so tender and juicy. Can't wait to go eat another one soon! EAT IT!This place has high ratings for a reason!
WOW - the sandwiches are out of control awesome! If you are in the mood check this place out... you will not be disappointing. YUMMY!!!!!Awesome Reubens for whenever you're in Reading Terminal.
So I've only ever ordered two things on the menu: corned beef Reuben and some triple meat plate. The meat plate seemed a little less worth the money so I've stuck with the Reuben for the other 20 visits.  Lots of corned beef piled onto the bread with the horseradish and it's fabulous. Possibly not as good as Katz in NYC, but for the effort, Hershel's is pretty excellent. Obviously sucks that their hours are limited to Reading Terminal's. 
 Mass quantities of meat! Nom nom nom. Cheers.$10 for a pastrami sandwich. I would hope it would be tender and melt in your mouth for that price but it was rather chewy.  If I go back I'll give the corned beef a try.
  -maybeWith my Sunday breakfast at the Reading Terminal Market being so successful, I decided to try my luck again on a Monday morning. Hershel's did not disappoint. Again, our mentality was to try to save space for other food stands. So we split a pastrami with Swiss and mustard on grilled bread. Nothing unique about the compilation but the thick cuts of meat are unforgettable. They were not particularly fatty but they held their juices so well. I can't recall when I last gorged a sandwich as quickly as that morning. Just imagine a girl with motor hands, sandwich in one hand and pickle in the other...just taking those simultaneous bites from each hand like she was in a world of her own.I have been living in Philly for 2 years and visited Reading terminal many times, but hadn't tried Hershel's yet. My mom visited me 2 weeks ago decided to try it. We went on the take out line and ordered a pastrami Rueben to share and a chicken sausage and kale soup. Let me tell you, they were one of the most delicious things I have tried at the Reading Terminal!!! I wonder why it took me so long to discover this gem!
Today I went with my husband and Rocco took care of us at the seating area. He was extremely nice and offered to split the pastrami and corned beef Reubens we ordered so we could try both without much hassle when they arrived. He gave us a jewish apple cake to try that was dairy free and delicious. He also gave us a slice of the brisket to taste. Food was hot, fresh, and the service excellent. Will definitively come back and bring my friends when they visit.Worst corned beef soecial ever. Stopped today for lunch ordered corn beef special. Corn beef is tasteless as is the coleslaw. Just a waste ate half trashed the rest. Even the pickle was bad. Had a much better sandwich before from same guys but today horrificTender and juicy brisket, big portions, fast service. Pastrami was also fantastic. Long line that moved quickly. Friendly staff even though they were super busy. I wish I had more room in my stomach to keep eating.Great spot in the Reading Terminal! Absolutely love their brisket and corned beef. The sandwiches are HUGE and the prices are great. These are sandwiches made for two people! The New York style Egg Cream is also very good.Best sandwich I've ever had was their pastrami reuben. Second best sandwich I've ever had was their corned beef reuben. I don't even know what to say about it his place. It was just godly. I'm from out of town and will remember this place forever.I made a mistake trying to eat here without ordering a Pastrami sandwich. I had soup and a hot dog.  Not great but I saw the Pastrami across the counter and it looked delicious.  I will try this spot again and try the yummy stuff next time!