Hickory Lane was an unexpected surprise in every way. My friend and I made reservations for New Year's Day brunch. Neither of us had ever been here before, and in fact my friend didn't even realize the restaurant was there even though she worked nearby for a while. I became concerned when we first walked in because it seemed so crowded, but somehow the staff makes it work! Once we were seated, however (at a lovely, sun-filled table with a street view) the overall effect was cozy and we didn't feel as though the atmosphere was crowded or loud. I'm not sure how they did that, but that was the first surprise! The second surprise was their extensive mimosa menu: my friend got the blood-Orange and I got the pear mimosa. Finally, our food came very quickly (even though of course we are those people who start talking and forget to look at the menu so the poor waitress had to come back) and it was delicious! I got the berry French toast with mascarpone. Their portions are large for the price, too! I have no complaints about Hickory Lane, especially since I went in expecting a subpar experience and ended up having a stellar experience!I went to Hickory Lane the other night for dinner with a friend.  She raved about the place and so decided to eat there.  I have to agree with her, everything was very good.  The food is excellent, the service was great and the location is cool.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because thought the pricing was a tad high, but this is NOT a reason not to give this place a try.  
I'll be back and looking forward too it.We stopped in this morning for brunch, had some friends with us. We all traveled from different parts of the city and met up here. My wife and I have been there for dinner so it was our recommendation.
We were the first reservation today at 10am. Seating was no problem. My wife ordered the vegan Apple pancake, she loved it!! Didn't even need syrup. She was raving about it. A friend had the lox and bagel, she enjoyed it, the bagel was burnt and inedible. The sides it came with were very good. I went with the pork belly eggs Benedict. Perfect! I ate every bit of it. Another friend had the tex mex special, she said it was just okay, way too much tortilla. She said it took over the dish. Finally another friend had the French toast with berries and whipped cream. The cream was home made and the French toast was delicious. The ladies all ordered different mimosas, they loved. The coffees came out cold, we didn't say anything at first. When the second round of coffee came out we let the server know. She was great and got a nice hot pot. 
Overall this place is great for brunch and dinner. We will go back, maybe just a bad day? Solid 4 stars for brunchPretty good food - I got the veggie burger with sweet potato fries. the fries were a bit salty but the food was all very good, great service, cozy atmosphere.We were in Philly for the New Years celebration and this was our last day before heading home. My husband made reservations for 10 AM when the restaurant opened. We were greeted with friendly smiles by the hostess and wait staff. We were immediately seated. The restaurant had a warm and cozy feel to it. The decor was somewhat rustic with the beautiful natural wood tables which had the tree bark running along the edges. The water glasses were mason jars. The special boards could be seen easily on decorative chalk boards near the entrance. The restaurant is quite small so you'll have to make reservations. 
Now to the food. We tried a few different dishes as there were so many that we wanted to try. Chef Lisa sent out the Caramel French Toast. Brioche, mascarpone, caramel, fresh strawberries and whipped cream. My favorite! 
Fruit and Granola Parfait
Sweetened Greek Yoghurt, Artisan Granola, Fresh Berries and Fruit, Strawberry Coulis
Beets & Goat Cheese Salad
Baby arugula, red & golden beets, Chevre Goat Cheese, shallots, toasted walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette. 
Pork Belly Benedict
Crisp pork belly, poached country eggs, toasted brioche, rosemary maple cream, pickled red onion, breakfast potatoes. The pork belly alone was just amazing! 
Red Velvet Crespelles
Red velvet buttermilk pancakes, strawberry mascarpone, chocolate chis, whipped cream, fresh berries, pure maple.  
All the portions were very generous! The plate could be shared if you couldn't decide which one to choose. That way you could share a few different dishes like we had. The prices were very reasonable as well! 
Thank you for a great dining experience and we will definitely come back and try the other items on the menu the next time we are in Philly!Some of the best French toast I've enjoyed in quite some time. Crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Served with syrup on the side, you hardly need it, as the powdered sugar does enough. Topped with fresh strawberries and blueberries, in the middle of winter (HOW?), this is dessert for breakfast. 
Mimosas are generous and light, large pours and large glasses, keeps the champagne flowing. 
Pork Belly Eggs Benedict is generously sweet, savory, and oh so rich. The portions don't appear at first to be very filling, but a little goes a long way, particularly with those crispy house potatoes.
Recommendation: If you're going for brunch on a Sunday, they take reservations, and it's worth it!One of the best burgers in Philly! Such a cute little place on the corner across from Eastern Penn. The new chef is wonderful. Scallops- mac and cheese were awesome. All 6 people I came here with ordered different entries and drinks so we all tried each others and every dish came out perfectly. The place is a little on the smaller side with the seating indoors but we sat outside and were comfortable. There was a live band playing across the street on the night we went and we were able to enjoy that as well. Will most certainly be back.Stopped by before heading to the airport for some morning brunch & honestly they had Great service & food! Everyone was helpful especially because I had all my luggage with me, they stored them for me while I was eating. It's a gem in the wall! You can't go wrong with this cute little restaurant.3.5/5 Hickory Lane had a beautiful interior color scheme. The fresh flowers on every table was a great summery touch! The staff was exceptionally friendly. We loved the cheese plate. The burger was big and good -- best navigated with a fork and knife. The scallops and pork belly were well-plated and enjoyable. However, my drink experience was poor. I ordered the Veruca Salt lemonade and it didn't taste right. It was extremely bitter, especially for a pink drink. I sent it back. I have never had to send a drink back. I ordered a beer after the bad drink because it felt safer. Towards the end of the meal our server brought a smaller re-mixed version of the original drink. It was a lot better, yes. But the timing of the new drink was awkward because I had 3/4 of a beer left to drink. I ended up leaving half a beer but finishing the new drink. I was charged for the lemonade I sent back and did not ask to be replaced, which surprised me. I would expect a restaurant to comp a poorly mixed drink. Otherwise had a very nice evening at Hickory Lane.Great burger as always!!  My partner had the rigatoni which was well seasoned and perfect for a cold winter night.This place is a nice place to go if you want some great dining and service. It's nothing super special but they definitely know how to cook a good steakThey had me at "Mystery Mimosa"! 
I'm always looking for new brunch places and came here a few weeks ago with a girlfriend. Loved how cute and quaint it was, plus our server was very pleasant. I tried the eggs benedict and a few mimosas, haha. We will definitely be back. 
BONUS: someone on the staff was selling Girl Scout Cookies, so leaving with a few of my favorite boxes just made my whole day!I am not one for burgers, but it's hard for me not to get the burger when I'm here. It's delicious. I don't know if it's because it's grass fed or if its the way its cooked (or both), but it's the only place I'll actually get a burger out. 
The mac and cheese is insanely good as well - my friend and I once split one and then decided we needed another because sharing one just isn't enough. It's SO good. 
They have plenty of outdoor seating in the spring through fall months, which I love because I have a dog, but its also one of the few places I like the atmosphere inside as well. There's an ice cream shop walking distance ( like basically across the street) but Hickory lane also has some good desserts.
i love their wine glasses too !The food was very good. I would recommend the steak frites. They were accommodating because we were running late. However the service was extremely slow, I would not go there if I was on a time limit, luckily we were not.This is a great little place on Fairmount Ave. Seating is very limited, so make a reservation. The food was wonderful - the calamari was tender and lightly breaded but crispy, and the Mac and Cheese is amazing. Our waiter seemed to pretty much hate his life, but the food made up for it. We'll be back.Went for brunch. Unexceptional. Got stuffed French toast, one blueberry one was coffee. More like a cake than breakfast. Potatoes were not crisp. Burger grass fed, small portion. Fries were good.We sat outside on a Sunday morning with our dog.  The table was a tad small, but there was no wait and the service definitely was great.
My boyfriend had their french toast with fresh berries on top and REAL whipped cream.  I don't even like sweets but it was so good. It tasted almost like funnel cake and was a generous serving.
I tried the eggs benedict special they had on for the day.  It was pulled carolina pork over sourdough with poached eggs and hollandaise. I was worried the sourdough would be tough, but the entire dish was so flavorful and loaded with the pork.   It also came with homefries that were seasoned perfectly with a bit of spiciness.
 I would definitely go back there again.Hands down the worst veggie burger I've ever had! I pulled it apart and it had the texture of deep fried playdoe. Took one bite and wanted to spit it out. Butternut squash soup was way too sweet and the fries are definitely nothing special. Will NEVER eat here again.My new favorite spot to brunch. I've been to Hickory Lane 3 times for brunch now and each time it's been great! Food and service are very consistent which can be hard to find at times. They usually offer a few different specials in addition to their main menu. So far I have not tried something I didn't love. 
The atmosphere is really great-I love sitting outside on a nice day. Staff is very friendly and helpful. An all around great brunch spot.Where do I start? Now I realize this was one of the first nice days of the year and everyone is out looking to have brunch. What occurred here was unacceptable. 30 minutes to sit when told 5 minutes. We were told outside seating was an hour wait and there were 6 open tables. Then we wait 20 minutes to order and while we are 15 minutes into that our waitress comes out and tells us that two of the four dishes we ordered were no longer available. They were then baffled by us getting up and leaving. Like we had done something wrong. Awful service all around. Our waitress was apologetic but it was way too late.This is a wonderful neighborhood restaurant.  We are able to walk there.  The service is excellent and the food delicious.  Steak frites were the best.  All three of us devoured the meals.  Drinks are fun and wonderful too!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!  Food is delicious and the drinks are amazing.  If you go here for brunch, order the bloody mary (you won't be sorry!).  Love the big patio area outside.Awesome brunch option in a great neighborhood. The staff was friendly and the food was delish. I had a bagel and lox platter (my go to at any brunch spot) and it was exactly what I was looking for.Quaint place with great cocktails! I've really been loving spicy drinks as of late and they had a fantastic jalapeño margarita.
Walking in I was greeted by the chef in the open kitchen design and the three servers. Friendly, relaxed vibe and with it being a Tuesday and extremely rainy, it wasn't busy at all.
I tried the Mac & Cheese with bbq pulled pork. It had smoked Gouda cheese and a homemade bbq sauce. It was tasty but super rich! I shared a decent size portion with my two cousins and the picture I included is what was left! It will easily feed you 3x.
My cousins loved their rigatoni and burger, too. With it being such a small room, I'd highly recommend reservations on the weekends. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in the city."I wish this burger would last forever" were actual words that came out of my mouth on my most recent visit to Hickory Lane. My husband and I dined with a mission: we were there for the Hickory Burger.
The burger is probably one of the best I've ever had in Philly. It's large, juicy and sits on a challah bread. It comes with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and garlic aioli. It also comes with fries on the side, which are worth the indulge. I think it's supposed to come with a pickle but it was left off of both of our plates. Not a big deal, but it's just a nice side. But in any case, we were in burger heaven and thoroughly enjoyed every last bite. I'm skeptical about ordering medium rare out sometimes, but I had no worries about ordering it there. Made with multiple types of beef, it was flavored really well without relying too heavily on seasoning or other things that can mask a not so great burger.
My husband and I both went with the Lagunitas IPA to accompany our burgers.
I'm so used to draft beers, I was caught a little off guard when a bottle came out but it is what it is. I do miss their BYOB days. I hope someday they add draft beers to their offerings.
In any case, it was a perfect night to dine al fresco so we requested to sit at the outdoor table on the corner of Fairmount and Corinthian. It was the ideal people watching spot. The Eastern State Penn was our dining neighbor and a cool back drop to our meal. 
Our server, Harrison, was pleasant and did a good job. He was attentive but not overly attentive up until the end. He brought us our check then kind of dropped off. 
It has been several years since my last visit but I've followed them regularly on Facebook. They do some fun, creative things with French toast (think Girl Scout cookie themed specials). I need to go back to try their brunch!
I was on the fence between a 4 and 5 rating, however the price of the burger and a few inperfections with my experience would be the only reasoning to keep it at a 4. The burger is just really good and pushes my review up to a 5.
Thank you Hickory Lane for helping with my burger fix.It makes me so happy that Hickory Lane is in my neighborhood. I've been here for dinners, lunches and brunches and have yet to be disappointed by any of their offerings. 
I've also yet to meet an employee who has been anything less than extremely friendly. If they have room, they even let you sit down and wait at your table before the entirety of your party arrives. I think that's great.
Food Highlights:
- Hickory Burger. I haven't actually liked cheeseburgers for long (less than a year!), but in that time period, this one has soared to the top of my burger-list. It is so, so good. Made just right. Huge. Now I want one. Shoot.
- Cookies & Cream French Toast. This was a special during brunch earlier in the summer. Oh man. It was also huge, and creamy, and amazing. This should just stay on their menu always. Who doesn't love cookies & cream stuff?
- Grilled Chicken Sandwich. This has bacon and avocados on it. I realize it's a basic option, but theirs is pretty great. It's also a perfect choice for picky eaters.
- Red Velvet Crespelles. These are red velvet pancakes, rolled up with cream inside of them. They have whipped cream and chocolate chips on top of them. They are delicious and sweet. Also surprisingly filling.
- Tahiti Vanilla Gelato. Another basic offering but fantastic nonetheless!
Hickory Lane is also really welcoming. I've never felt rushed during any of my visits. Plus, they have a perfect location on Fairmount Ave. next to Eastern State!
Needless to say, I'll be back.We visited last night as part of a dinner package for Eastern State Penitentiary's Terror Behind the Walls event. I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised!  Small, quaint bistro with a very cozy atmosphere. Service was very good as was the food. I didn't expect anything great from a prix fixed meal for this type of event, but it was quite the opposite. My son and husband had the burger and it was great. Cooked perfectly, just the way they ordered it. I had the pesto linguine with chicken and it was delicious. Appetizers and desserts were also very good. My only complaint was due to the bistro being very small the tables were very close together and we were pretty much dining with the people seated next to us. Other than that no complaints at all. When I return to Philly I would definitely come back!We stopped here for brunch and were pleasantly surprised at just how good the food was. Hubby had the burger that he just raved about so much I had to take a bite and it was indeed fantastic! I had the omelet with potatoes. The potatoes were not abundant but very tasty. They were also flexible and gave me a side of smoked salmon as my meat. Overall everything was very well seasoned and we will be back.Mediocre food that may seem for a brief moment better than it actually is--only because it compares favorably in the barren food-wasteland that is the art museum neighborhood.  French onion soup was sickly sweet and bludgeoningly one-note.  Tuna tartar reinvented the wheel for the kajillionth time, and still fell flat.  Braised short ribs were fine enough--if under-seasoned...a recurring issue--but sat atop a goop of ice cold (seriously, ice cold) turnips.  Service was attentive, but cold and aloof.  Way, way, waaay over-priced for what you get.  Sorry Fairmounters, but between this and the similarly lackluster Caca Feliz, we're still a cab ride away from a truly special meal.They wouldn't cut my burger. The chefs, with multiple knifes, refused to cut my burger.Just ok! We walked in about an hour before closing and got some dirty looks for sure. My pork sandwich was super fatty and sweet potato fries were awful. Overall I just wasn't crazy about the place. Our waitress was nice but did not know the menu at all.If you haven't been here for Sunday brunch yet, you are missing out! Their specials are always creative (churro French toast) and delicious.
Be sure to make reservations, as the place is quite small.As a local to the Fairmount neighborhood, I pass by Hickory Lane everyday and it is always packed. Now, after months of being opened, I finally stopped by with a friend for brunch and I see why!
The restaurant is small and charming. We went  early on a Saturday afternoon and were seated immediately. (Apparently the place gets a little more packed in the morning hours.) We began our meal with flavored Mimosa's, I got the mango and he got the peach.  We each ordered two more.
 For meals I decided on the Apple Pie Crumble French Toast (which was/is a seasonal special), and it was amazing. My friend was equally pleased with his dish the Red Velvet Crepes. The portion sizes were large and we definitely felt we were getting a bang for our buck.
I will be going back very soon and would recommend the place to anyone!This review is for their burger. It is the best burger I have ever had and is definitely worth the price for it. It is several different cuts of meat ground up that add to a moist and deliciously flavored burger.A good place for brunch drink connoisseurs. The mimosa list has probably 10 different options and they have pages of other drinks, if mimosas aren't your thing. Tight quarters, but a lot of outdoor space. Staff was friendly and down to earth. The food was okay too!Wow. We were very skeptical because the menu looks kind of mainstream and ordinary. But wow -- had some of the best food we've had in Philly all year. French cooking but I guess they can't put French words on the menu or the tourists get scared off. They build a new menu every day based on what fresh ingredients are available. Everything we ordered was really, really good. Like so good you use the bread or your fingers to get the last bit of sauce from your plate. There are a lot of hot kitchens in Fairmount right now but this place is among the best of them.I could have done without this experience all together. Heads up it's a date place, if, like me you're just going out for dinner and not making sexy time, don't go here. 
The food experience on a whole was one big disappointment. The local wild mushrooms were bland and didn't seem to be cooked enough for a textural contrast to the fried egg. Califlower gratin broke midway through eating it, but was the tastiest thing we ate. For being a bistro I anticipated the french onion soup to have a little more pizzaz, but it was pretty standard, nothing to write home about, unless you wanted to have your mom schedule a doctors appointment for a damaged tongue. :) HOT! For spending over twenty dollars on a pork belly dish, a little more pork would of been nice. As for the roasted pork medallions, over cooked to the point of a desert dry and not enough jus to moisten the piggy, side note the sweet potatoes were pretty tasty. The brussels sprouts, really? The lack of carmelization hurt my feelings.  
I thought dessert would compensate for this hot expensive mess, but sadly the smoked ice cream was so smokey it made my mouth dry. 
I certainly hope they were just on a really bad night, and that this is not the normal for this spot, but after all that I don't plan on heading back to check anytime soon.CHEESEGATE:  After trying this restaurant one more time after a disappointing experience (with service) we decided to try again.  Unfortunately, this time we didn't even make it past our drinks. 
Simply, The special salad which we both wanted included Mexican cheese.  On a simple request to just remove the cheese from the salad, the response was, "the Chef does not modify his dishes".  No, the salad was not pre made.  Really? Can't remove the cheese?!Went back after really enjoying my first visit there.  Well...  Sometimes first impressions are the best.  The place was over booked, literally the tables were on top of each other.  The couple next to my date and I started conversations with us because it was basically a table of four.  The people were nice but honestly I wasn't  trying to learn about them at the resturant.  The food was good but not as good as the first time I was there.  The service was good but the woman was way over worked and honestly had to pass our food over my new friends sitting next too me. 
I can't tell you how disappointed I was especially since I really liked the resturant the first time I was there.We live in Fairmount and had not been to Hickory Lane in a while. Last night, we were in the mood for a burger and fries and decided to walk over to Hickory Lane. The chef and staff earned this five star rating! In our estimation this is one of the best burgers in the city. The beet salad was fresh and fabulous. The wait staff was friendly engaging and efficient . Highly recommended!We stumbled upon this while visiting the Eastern State Pen. and I'm happy we did! We sat at the bar. The service was quick and the bartender was pleasant. We both had the pulled pork sandwich, which was so delicious. It's a really nice and relaxed atmosphere too. I wish we had more time to sit round and talk. I'll be visiting again.Our neighborhood favorite. It's cute, the location is awesome, and they've got great food. I'm tempted to get the Bacon Rachel every time we go, and the aioli that comes with the fries is awesome. They have fun cocktails, and a reasonable happy hour. Staff have been friendly and attentive every time we've gone. Love it!Been back 3 times for their burger, one of the best I've had!! Also like the BYOB factor, but I think they may have changed that by now.Ate here a few Saturday nights ago with 6 other members of my family and had an excellent time start to finish. They had a Cinco de mayo special soup that was some sort of chilli soup? Can't quite remember but it was full of beans and flavor and it was phenomenal. For entrees we all ordered completely different things, I had their grass-fed burger which was juicy and delicious the rest of my family did seafood related dishes that they all raved about. Our server was a young kid maybe in his early 20's with blondish  hair and was great all night. Informative, smile on his face, and not overbearing. If I remembered his name I'd give him a shout out unfortunately I do not. Anyways....great food, great service. If you're in the Fairmount area looking for dinner, try here first!That saying when one door closes another opens is true when it comes to Hickory Lane American Bistro! I am so glad that the establishment across the street was so rude that we left and found this gem!
Our waiter Sean was extremely welcoming, personable and knowledgeable about the menu. Along with other staff members being super cool. I had the beet burger which was amazeballs. I will definitely patronize this establishment on my next visit to PhiladelphiaAdmittedly, went to this restaurant because Zorba's (fantastic greek food two blocks away) was closed for renovations until September 10th, yea I was crushed when I saw that sign on their door.  
There are a number of restaurants  in the two or three blocks near the Eastern State Penitentiary.  In the summer/fall time like now, they have al fresco dining with a good ambience.  
We went around early dinner time on a weekend, and the place was busy.  However, there were a few seats outside that were empty, so we were seated promptly and served.  They had daily happy hour with 4 dollar drinks, which I took advantage of by ordering a raspberry cocktail, which was good if a tad too much vodka.  My pulled pork sandwich was delish.  The fried oyster BLT was ok (came with fries...yum...I don't get to eat much fries nowadays) but didn't taste the oyster as much as the bacon.  Overall, I quite enjoyed sitting outside in early autumn in the sunset having a minor European moment.A pretty good place in Fairmount for brunch. I've been here a few times and it's always delicious. It does get pretty packed for Sat/Sun mornings, but you can make a ressy on their yelp page. 
I usually get the eggs Benny, but I do need to try something else on the menu because everything looks dope. This morning my friends got the red velvet pancakes and those were to die for. I doubt I would be able to eat the whole plate of that because it is so sweet, but they are a good thing to split for the table. 
Service is attentive and quick. And the aesthetic is quaint and chic. In the spring/summer they even have outdoor seating right on Fairmount Ave. 
I love this neighborhood staple and will continue to frequent it.Came here for Brunch on Sunday... Based on the reviews from Yelp!
First... We made reservations for 3 at 12:30... Arrived at 12:20 and told we would be seated shortly and to have a seat on the window cushions. 
At 12:40. Hostess approached  us and said " we have talkers at your table". We will seat you as soon as possible.
At 12:50... I went up to Hostess and told her to inform the " talkers" ...people waiting to be seated.
1:00... The 3 of us get seated....but NOT before we realized the cushions on Windows seats were wet,,, so now we all have damp, stick to your skin asses!
After sitting at table for 10 minutes, I flagged down the Waitress and asked if we could order and she said " sorry, I thought you were waiting for another guest...( though the Hostess removed the place seating)... Ok.. It was crazy busy, so I got over the 40 minute wait BEFORE being offered water.  
Hubby... Returned 2 cups of coffee since they were both burnt.  Waitress not happy about that.  He ordered pork belly Benedict.  He wasn't crazy about the belly...but now he knows.  They forgot the sauce, so waited couple minutes and then I had to ask for it.  Potatoes were lukewarm at best.  Also has a beer. 
Daughter.... Regular Benedict with cool potatoes . She enjoyed it along with 2 flavors of Mimosa.  With a buzz... Everything is good!
Me... Red velvet pancakes... Flavor was out of this world, but they were COLD...though and though.  When I asked the Waitress if they were meant to be served this way... She replied, they were hot from they came off the grille and did I want them" warmed up"?   Again... Seemed quite annoyed.  If I wasn't so starving, I should have said I want a new batch prepared for me. 
But the kicker was went I received the bill and there was a misc charge for a dollar... I was puzzled by that, so I asked.  Are you really???
It was for the LEMONS I asked for with my water!   Are you kidding me???  The waitress said the cook had to cut a new lemon for me... There were 3 slices left,,,so I took them with me.  Haha. Unbelievable!   
Bottom line: go somewhere with less wait, less attitude, food served hot and doesn't charge for frigging lemons.  
Thank you.Adjacent to the Penitentiary you will find a lil gem of a space that bustles with the sound of chatter and the clinking of coffee mugs. Sunday brunch on an abysmally gray and dank winter afternoon made bright by the consumption of pork belly Benedict , onion soup and house burger eaten on natural edge exposed wood tables... yum. 
Sitting in expectation will be the worst part of your dining experience as you are forced to endure the parade of beautifully plated and food porny goodness.  The space is charming but small. The food and service is on point!I've been here a few times for dinner. The first two times I ordered the salmon because it was just that good! I branched out at my last visit and ordered the pesto pasta which was also awesome. Overall, I think it is pricey, but the food is fantastic the service has been great.two words...Duck Rachel....fresh crisp slaw with just enough juice from the pastrami, all made better by guyere and 1000 island....my  mouth is watering just writing this review hahaFood and service was excellent but the place was sweltering. If we were to go back it would be in the fall or winter.Hickory Lane is a fantastic little spot.  They hit all of the main points, and do so well.
Despite the small space, the servers move around quickly and are attentive.  The menu is really well crafted, and the food is simple but excellent.  Hickory Lane does "new American" without seeming tired.  
As for food, I had the burger, and it's excellent. I don't generally go for a burger at a place this nice, but it used a custom curated ground beef, and  was near perfect.  Just thinking about it reminds me I need to visit again.
It's a BYO to boot, and the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food and service.Really tasty spot for brunch. I had the eggs benedict and the bf had the pork belly benedict (maple pork belly with herbs on brioche... uhh what.). I had a bite of his and wished I had ordered the same thing - don't get me wrong, mine was good, but his was better. I wish it was less windy so we could have enjoyed a crisp autumn brunch outside, but I think my table would have blown away. Next time!Super cute restaurant! We came here for dinner and really enjoyed ourselves. The cheese plate was awesome and the waiter recommended a perfect red wine to go with our meals. We had a bunch of things for our meal most of them were specials like the salad and the crab meat appetizer. The service was great and we cannot wait to try it for brunch since the menu looks amazing!Excellent decor/space and outdoor seating. Good drinks and food is decent. A bit overpriced, but they can get away with it purely based on the location (that's what you're paying for here, not for exceptional cuisine...it's good, but not amazing).
My main complaint is that the music selection is pretty terrible. I've heard everything from rap (with the words b*tches/p*ssy, n***er, etc. being played out to the sidewalk as they were closing), "bad" top 40 (old and new...like Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, and the newer versions of manufactured music), and other terrible, terrible music. I think they need to cater to their clients' musical tastes a little bit better. See who lives in this neighborhood. Note to owner/manager: if you need help with your musical selection, let me know.Amazing food, service is average. Recommend getting reservations especially for brunch.Holy wow, best buyers I've ever had. I live 1.5 blocks away and go every so often, never had a bad meal here. One little annoying thing, they don't serve their water with ice. But overall really really good food.Mediocre food and poor management. I am giving two stars because the bathroom was clean. I arrive with my entire party 5 minutes early for our reservation. We are told we will be seated "closer to our reservation time."  What?!  We then have to stand outside until 15 minutes past our reservation and nobody has left the restaurant...they simply decided they were finally ready to seat us. The biggest disappointment was a very limited menu of bland food. Too many good spots in the city for this place to last. Bye.Our experience at Hickory Lane started out with a hiccup.  Even though the restaurant is listed on Yelp, and even the Philadelphia Tourism Board's website as BYOB, it is, in fact, not.  Our hostess was a little bit thrown off when we pulled out some bottles of wine, which was awkward, but we decided to continue with the meal.  The atmosphere and the decor are nice enough, and the service was great.  Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing, and she's the reason I'm giving the place three stars in spite of the sub par food.  This is not a cheap place by any means, so I hoped that our meals would make up for the rocky start of our experience.  That said, my handcrafted farfalle pasta was way too spicy, which seemed to be in line with the rest of the food, which my friends reported was overseasoned and too salty.  Not the worst restaurant we went to during our weekend in Philly, but definitely not a must.Perfect brunch spot.  We reserved a table on Open Table, which I would recommend since it's small inside (went when it was too cold to sit outside but that would have been great, I'm sure!).  My friend and I ordered the pork belly eggs benedict, and it was outrageous.  The pork belly was cooked with a delicious maple glaze, and everything about the eggs benny and the home fries that came with was wonderful.  They have flavored mimosas (blood orange and mango were particularly great).  Cute atmosphere and friendly, fast service!Really disappointed (as were our guests) Food just ok- Drinks just ok. This is not an inexpensive restaurant so one would think the prep would be a bit better.
Staffers were courteous and attentive,
Little things like terrible water (change the filter!) or watery sub par after dinner decaf really disappointed.
We'd made a production of how pretty/tony both the area (and restaurant) were and had talked it (Hickory Lane) up to our out of town guests.
You know that meh/disappointed face that guests get when they know they could have picked some place better for a couple hundred dollar meal? 
Those were the faces at dessert looking at us across our table- Too late for the tasty profiteroles to save the day.
Bummer.After 3 visits, I was still unimpressed and will not give another try. The last visit was on a Sunday morning for brunch (popeweek). We were seated right away and drinks were served right away. When we ordered our breakfast, I asked for more coffee - I didn't receive a refill until after our food was brought out (and I told the foodrunner), there was still plenty of seating outside so being busy wasn't an excuse. My breakfast potatoes were cold (over seasoned I thought,  too, more like potatoes you would have with dinner), so were my eggs (and a little rubbery), but the bacon was crispy (if you don't like crispy bacon, definitely ask for less cooked). Their egg and potatoes special is a bit overpriced (under $10 most places in the city). So so food combined with so so service.Umm, came here on a Sunday before labor day. I expected it to be crowded so planned to order food to go but when we got there the restaurant was actually half empty with no one waiting. So we decided to stay to eat. Went to the host and asked for a table for two. The host responds by saying that it would be a 30 minute wait. I looked around the restaurant again at all the empty set tables and look at the host confused. I'm immediately annoyed. Why do I need to wait when there are several empty tables. I decided to go with my original plan to get the food to go. We were told that we need ed to order the food at the bar. So we did. The bartender told us it would be a while so we took a walk around and came back and the food was ready. Before we left we checked the food to make sure we had everything we ordered. Of course forks were missing had to ask for those. Then realized syrup were missing had to ask for that to even though we both ordered French toast. The food was good, very filling. I got the red velvet pancakes which weren't  really pancakes, they were more like 3 thick rolled up crepes. My bf got coconut stuffed French toast. He seemed to have enjoyed it. I didn't care for the service at all but the food was unique with good flavor.I can't get enough of Hickory Lane.  I've been dining here for almost two years and the service and food has continuously exceeding my expectations.  The last time I was in -- about two weeks ago -- my boyfriend and I opted for the bar to switch it up a bit.  The bartender, Henninge, was fantastic.  We were interested in trying some fun cocktails which she was very knowledgable about; she informed us that she "invented" most of them.  Even though the bar is very small, and we dined at a later hour, she didn't hover over us at all.  Toward the end of our night, she ended up chatting with us and was a pleasure!
We started off with an appetizer, the Smokey Mac & Cheese.  We had to make an effort to eat it slowly -- it was delicious!  The BBQ pulled pork was perfectly tender, the jalapeno gave just the right amount of kick in each bite, and the brown butter breadcrumbs on top added a little bit of crunch.    
While I usually order the Hickory Burger (I'd give the burger 5 stars if I could), I tried something new this time: Rigatoni Pasta.  It was a great choice in theory, not too heavy, a wide variety of vegetables, plus my added shrimp.  It was tasty but maybe just a little bit too spicy for my liking -- personal preference!
We passed on dessert and just ordered another cocktail though we've had dessert here before and weren't disappointed.  
Looking forward to our next visit!We drove for 45 min, ended up being 8 minutes late for our reservation. Our seats were given away we were told to wait in line.Wanted to try a new brunch spot and so happy I did!! We sat outside and had plenty of space even though it was busy. Both specials (sun dried tomato frittata and creme brûlée French toast) were delicious and cocktail menu had a good variety. I'd definitely go back! The service was pretty good as well!Went there for brunch and were  seated within a few minutes then sat waiting for someone to acknowledge us.  We waiting for close to 15 minutes and nobody came over to us let alone just let us know they'd be with us... even after 2 waitresses checked in at the tables around us.  
Never experienced this in our neighborhood and definitely will never return.Tex mex- great taste but gets a little overwhelming eating the chips. 
Tofu scramble - very well made and perfect spice level.
We reached just when it opened so had no waiting, good staff and reasonably priced.I have to say I never leave reviews but I have never had a worse experience in my entire life in a restaurant than I did at Hickory Lane this morning .  6 of us decided to grab brunch here and two people in our party were going to bring their babies.  Knowing how brunch can go in the city and that this place is small and probably not great for kids and we would need high chairs and room for the babies we decided to make a reservation noting that we had babies joining us.   WE DID THIS MORE THAN A WEEK IN ADVANCE. 
We arrived this morning ON TIME for our res and the hostess seated us with one problem. There was no room to accommodate the children and mothers in our party.  The high chairs would have to take the actual seats.  Which obviously didn't work.  The worse part is that we made this reservation noting how many adults and children would be with us and they didn't even set up a table that could accommodate and then acted as if we just sprung this news upon them and it would be a MAJOR inconvenience to do so.  I get it this restaurant is small but you had ADVANCE NOTICE and then the hostess wouldn't even accommodate us at all and actually said we had to leave.  I get it brunch in the city is hectic. But the way we were treated was appalling.  Luckily we found Fare across the street which took us last minute and accommodated our large party without even bating an eye.. 
I don't appreciate being kicked out of somewhere and treated like garbage on the way out.  The hostess actually said "it's like so sad we can't do anything for you".  
I will never come back here, your hostess was rude, your waitress was rude and I can only assume the owners are the same way if they allow their establishment to be run this way. 
End of the day there are plenty of other brunch places in the city probably more willing to accommodate you. Choose them over hickory lane.My wife and I went here this past weekend and absolutely loved it.  We're always so happy to get new restaurants in the neighborhood and decided to give Hickory Lane a try.  We're thrilled we did.  The decor was great and it created an elegant, but cozy and down to earth feel.  I don't know exactly what an American Bistro's decor should look like, but this seems to fit the bill well.  The menu had a number of well thought out items on it and we found it difficult to pick the few that we were going to try.
I had the squash soup and pork belly--both of which were amazing and just the right size (had room for dessert).  My wife had the califlower gratin and the butternut rosotto and enjoyed them just as much as I did mine.  If you're looking for a great BYOB (we hear that they are getting their liquor license in the spring when they put their tables on the patio for outdoor dining overlooking The Penitentiary) definitely check this new Fairmount restaurant out.They do not allow you to get a veggie egg scramble, or scramble of any kind. THEY DO HAVE an omlet and tofu scramble, yet you aren't allowed to have a regular egg scramble. Seems a bit ridiculous to me.During a recent visit to Philadelphia, my friend suggested we go to Hickory Lane, and I'm so glad we did.  I'm told that they've been rated the "best burger in Philadelphia", but if that's all you're going for, you could be doing yourself a disservice.  The rest of their menu is quite good.  
My friend, her fiance and I started with several shared appetizers, including the cheese plate, the wild mushroom bruschetta, and the watermelon panzanella salad.  The cheese plate was very nice - relatively well-curated with all of the delicious accompaniments you'd want, including fig spread, etc.  The watermelon panzanella salad was very good, although the watermelon wasn't quite sweet enough to balance the acid in the dish.  The real star was the bruschetta.  Delicious, sauteed mushrooms along with creamy chevre on crusty bread.  It was our favorite of the three.  
My friend's fiance had the burger, which he really enjoyed.  My friend had the boulliabaise, which she did not finish.  The mussels overpowered the dish, though she did enjoy the striped bass it contained.  I had the sea scallops with pork belly and charred corn snow pea succotash.  It was an exceptional dish.  Each element complemented the other, the flavors melded perfectly.   The fatty, salty crisped pork belly paired with the sweet, tender scallops was delicious.  
For dessert we split the s'mores lava cake.  The flavor was good, but the cake was a bit overdone.  Nothing lava-y about it.  
I have to comment that I'm a bit amused about the complaints of stingy bread.  I don't see any problem with being served a single piece of bread;  that's not what I'm there for, really.  If you want all you can eat bread, go to Olive Garden.I'm a recent Philadelphia transplant and have been searching for the foodie-mecca I was promised. It took me a while- but I finally found a restaurant with heart, interesting ingredients, and just enough personality to set it apart. My boyfriend and I visited TWICE in one day because we were so impressed (this is a first)- it helped that we were moving and had no food at home but still there are a plethora of places on Fairmont to visit and we chose Hickory Lane and here's why. 
The food was skillfully prepared and flavorful. Our first visit was for brunch and we split the pork belly benedict with a side of wheat toast. The pork belly was crisped with  that unique combination of unctuous and savory with a rosemary hollandaise and grilled brioche. Just the choice of brioche over an english muffin set it apart- but everything worked beautifully. Even the bread was hearty, large sized slices with real butter. It sounds silly but when a restaurant can serve up toast and have it actually pull it's own weight... I was sold. Also surprisingly affordable (granted we split the dish).
Drinks were delicious as well. The happy hour is very affordable ($3 beer, $4 wine and cocktails) and they boast several of the bartender/manager's own inventions. The Watchdog was made of a house-infused pepper vodka shaken with celery bitters, sage vodka and grapefruit juice.  Did not taste the grapefruit juice well next to the powerful pepper vodka but on the whole an inventive drink I would have again.  Douglas (bartender/manager) clearly puts work into his refreshments and the menu changes regularly.  His reboot of the classic Manhattan (the Cardigan) was also a stand-out. He was also a pleasure. Lots of energy and obviously passionate about bartending. Great respect for the staff and food of this restaurant and one of the few places I would go out of my way to try again.Lovely outdoor seating. 
Waitstaff was a little flustered. I don't think they were used to handling the volume that they were experiencing on Memorial Day with everyone wanting to dine outside.
The french onion soup was good, the fries were good and the chicken sandwich was nice. 
Totally adequate restaurant.This place is amazing! So accommodating and friendly. My fiancé and I moved to Fairmount this past June and ventured out to find our staple place to get a drink or grab an appetizer. We stumbled upon Hickory Lane and met the one bartender (Matt, I think). He made us the best drinks, we felt like regulars. We loved this place so much, that the night of our engagement in September, we had our friends and family there to celebrate. The GM set up two great tables outside on a Friday night and was so accommodating throughout the entire dinner. She made the night so special with her welcoming attitude and overall great customer service. Our family and friends are still raving about their DELICIOUS food and drinks. As if the night wasn't special enough, they really kept the great vibes going!Horrible, slow service. Waiter forgot our appetizer. Then only brought three of four entrees and two were cold. When the fourth entree arrived, a burger, the others in the party were done with their meals.We ate here one night before doing Terror Behind the Walls at Eastern State.  The place was really nice inside.  Cool wood tables, plenty of windows to let light in, and lights hanging from the ceiling.  Plenty of outdoor seating too if it were warmer.  Had the soup du jour which was a spicy butternut squash soup and loved it. For my entree I had the pork tenderloin with mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts with bacon.  My husband got the steak and fries.  Everything was very good.I went for a birthday dinner with my mom.  I have to say, it was a pretty pedestrian dinner, most dishes lacking flavor.  First, I hate it when they serve you one slice of bread at a time.  Like they can't afford to give you a basket of bread to start.  Cobb salad appetizer at $10 was tasteless. Couldn't taste the dressing. Bruschetta at $10 was three slices of French bread topped with mushrooms.  Not bad.   I got bouillabaisse for my entree. Expecting a wonderful flavorful French fish stew, it was bland.   Couldn't taste any saffron, garlic or fennel and mussels were not even fully cooked.  My moms scallops were better. 
Glasses of wine were stingy in quantity.  
At $50/person plus tip, I don't think I'll go back.Stinks.  Warm beer, crappy service.  Burger was good but not good enough.  Not returning.Randomly tried Hickory Lane for brunch when every other place in the area had a 30+ minute wait, and glad I did! Had the French toast and it was some of the best I've had (and I have had a lot of French toast). Just the right amount of egg and crispness, barely needed syrup. Bacon was crispy exactly how I like it! Will definitely go back here to try some of the other yum looking dishes I saw on other tables!Great happy hour and amazing Bistro Cheese Trio!! Fresh sangria is to die for- would definitely return!Lovely atmosphere in this little spot on Fairmount ave-- delicious food, friendly service and an exTENSIve cocktail collection, the likes of which I've never seen at brunch before. Def recommend the Benedict, the candy cane-stuffed French toast.Came here for a bite to eat in the afternoon. Most people around us ordered burger/sandwich. I just had soup which was okay. Didn't think anything was exceptional unless burgers is your thing. They also have larger entrees which i can't speak for. Didn't know it's a BYO so i could imagine brunch would be more suitable for me.Cute place. We grabbed a late lunch here and portions are good. Food was tasty although the menu was more brunch than lunch. Only a couple "lunch" options. The red sangria was really, really good. Coffee on the other hand wasn't so great. Service was nice. Overall a good casual restaurant.Some friends & I went to this place after a Ministry Outreach event yesterday. We were starving and wanted to try something new. The menu was posted on the outside of the restaurant and we thought we'd give it a try. I ask for a table for 6. A lady in a red dress dress comes walking out and speaks to us so horribly. She not only spoke to us as tho we were little kids she acted like we were disrespecting the restaurant. She absolutely assumed the worst about us. Of Course, now we don't want to be seated. We want to confront someone about the service, so we ask for a manager, we find out that she's the manager!!! And she was Sssooooo rude and disrespectful, as tho we were not 6 people who just wanted to give her business by eating at her restaurant. We did want to assume that it was because we are all black people. We did not want to assume that it was because she assumed the worst about us because of our appearance but she had absolutely nothing else to go off of. why would she treat us so horribly?? Needless to say we never had the opportunity to sit down to eat. we just left. Why????? SmhI rarely write reviews but when someone is smug, as in this case, I feel compelled... My girlfriend and I came in for brunch.  We were greeted warmly and quickly seated outside.  A women who didn't introduce herself; I say that bc I don't know if she was our waitress or not, promptly brought us two glasses of water...so far so good for only a few minutes in to our experience.  She then took our drink order: a coffee, hot tea along and a diet soda.   Now around 4-5 minutes go by and a male server brings us our coffee and tea.  He tells us he will be right back with our diet soda.  We notice that there's no sugar, cream, lemon, anything to go with our hot drinks...so we wait ...and we wait.  A couple sit down behind us and get drinks...and we wait... The couple behind us have a dog who then gets served a nice bowl of water while we wait....the steam has now left our or hot drinks as they cool and our impatience heats.  Then the couple behind us have their order taken and my girlfriend and I...you guess it...we wait... As we wait we start looking at our clocks on our phones and watches and work out the timeline of when we came in and chat about how it all seemed to start off so well until we somehow became invisible to their staff.  So we agreed to give them two more minutes, then to a few more before we decided to get up and vanish ourselves literally. Finally when the clock struck 12:30 and after a full 15 minutes of being ignored we got up and left.  And as we walked to go across the street to see if we can have a better experience there the hostess, who had so politely welcomed us and took us to our table, now is walking in the opposite direction and as she passed she very friendly asked us "how was everything?" To which I plainly stated, "not too good we're leaving." To which she responded loud and chipperly, "Have a great day!".   So, why ask, I thought to myself as we crossed the street...  No, "I'm sorry" or "what happened" no attempt to make things right...as if it didn't mattered...we weren't even there....  Now me, my girlfriend and the people I've recommend to their establishment over the last few years...we will all be invisible...and so will our money.Had friends from Princeton visit for the Van Gogh exhibit which was wonderful but the dinner at Hickory Lane was the highlight.  Not our first visit and never disappointed.  The leftover pork loin was just as delicious the second night.  Beet carpaccio is so good but they never give me enough so I can't share.We went to Hickory Lane as part of Fright and Bite package to attend the Eastern penitentiary Horror Tour. The restaurant is small but clean, causal and has a terrific staff.  We were served a different pre-fixe menu as part of the package but the choices were varied and all the food was good.  This was straight forward food - beet salad, onion soup, burger, etc - the onion soup was fine - though not enough sherry or cheese for my taste.  The burger was excellent - perfectly cooked and well seasoned.  The waitress kept the meal moving - but did not rush us.  It was a very good experience overall and we all mentioned that we wish we had a restaurant like this in our town.Purchased Fright and Bite tickets through Eastern State Penitentiary and chose to eat at Hickory Lane as part of the package. The dinner included 3 courses. For my first course I had the hacked & chopped salad, followed by the Angry Bird chicken and the Bewitched Banana Foster Budino for dessert. I normally don't order chicken a lot when I eat out, but this was one of my favorites! We also enjoyed a few of their Halloween themed cocktails with our meal. Greatt the meal, wouldn't mind coming back to try other items if I'm in the area.I love this place.  It's nice but not frou-frou.  The food is good, the waitstaff are friendly, and it's in an awesome spot right next to the Penitentiary.Went here for there New Year's 4 course menu and enjoyed everything.  The food was DELICIOUS!   The salad was seasoned well and tasted great.  My favorite was the Cauilflower Gratan, I could taste every ingredient.  The wait staff didn't rush us out the door, and we always had full glasses. Our waiter explained everything on the menu. For the main course, I had the N.Y Strip and it was cooked perfect and the fingerlings and the Brussels sprouts were awesome.  Can't wait to go back and try more things!!  Thanks for a night to remember!I'm psyched to have a great restaurant in the neighborhood - and the fact that it's a BYO (for now) makes it even better.  I ate there this past Saturday with a group of six and every one of us enjoyed our meal from start to finish.  The service was great and the dishes each showed interesting creativity.  I feel like this is the first restaurant in Fairmount that I will make a point to visit again and again because I enjoyed my first dining experience so much.Just tried their French onion soup for the first time and it was slurping delicious.  Dang.  Really fresh salads too.  I need to go here more often.I came here for brunch with a group of my friends to celebrate my birthday yesterday. There were 10 of us. I've been to this restaurant twice before. I have always been happy with the quality of the food and service which is why I decided to have my birthday brunch here. The food was good. I did not believe the waitress was as attentive as possible. I felt as though they were not equipped to accommodate a group our size; the service was very slow. It took awhile to take our order and the food took a very long time to come out. The last plate served was a bagel with lox and came out 5 min after everyone else's. When it came to the bill; they could not separate the bill so we decided to all split t between charge cards but we then found out they can only take a maximum of six charge cards. Overall, I did not have the best experience here.I came here for dinner a few weeks ago with my boyfriend. We didn't have to wait. It's a small cozy restaurant. The service was excellent. I ordered a salad and added salmon; delicious. My boyfriend ordered a burger with different types of meat... he was very happy with his selection. We are normally so full we never get dessert. Im glad we ordered the donut holes!! Delicious. We had a great night here. The prices are reasonable. We'll be back.The breakfast was okay. The service was fast and the wait time was great especially for a Sunday. The food was just okay at best. I posted a photo of the American breakfast. 2 pieces of bacon was a let down. But all together it was okay.Okay so we went tonight and we are so happy we did. For starters we had the French onion soup and the beet salad. Both were very very good. The soup considering it being French onion was very light, not packed with cheese. The arugula and beet salad was fresh and delicious.
For dinner I had the Farfelle pasta with shrimp. Wow! It was so good. The pasta had shrimp, chorizo, spinach, sundries tomatoes and a vodka cream sauce. I'm not much of a pasta person but this was very good. My wife had the scallops with pork belly and succotash. Again this meal was amazing, the pork belly was cooked perfect as were the scallops. The succotash was different but in a good way. I believe it was green peppers, corn, tomatoes, red onion and cilantro. This was a nice compliment to the dinner. We also ordered the brussel sprouts, they were the only negative to the meal. They were over cooked and covered in grease. We told the waitress, they were removed from our bill.
We rarely get dessert out, but tonight we couldn't resist. We finished with the apple crostata and some lattes.
All in all the meal was great! Service was great! Iris was our server, it was our first time there. She was great, explained the menu etc. My only complaints would be that the place is a bit tight and with winter dining outside is out of the question. The prices are a little high, but then again the meal was perfect. We will return..I live in the neighborhood and have been here before. It has always been a decent night out with good food and service until tonight. My wife and I decided last minute to go out for dinner as I had a long day at the office and did not eat lunch. Started out with the "chicken chili" which was the soup of the day. I'm imagining a thick wholesome cup of ground chicken with spices etc. You know chilli! What I received was actually a watery tomato soup with a slice of indistinguishable meat and a bunch of crushed tomatos. It had the feel of leftovers honestly. We ordered the burger (medium) and the pork loin (medium). We always split our meal so when the burger arrived I cut it in half only to find the inside very rare (raw). As I said something to my wife she noticed that her pork loin was also under cooked and looked unsafe to eat. We spoke to the waitress and she was apologetic and took our food back. No problems. Except when the manager came back with our entrees, (saying "I hope they are cooked better this time") I was astonished to find that the same burger I had cut in half was brought back to me in a new bun. Even I know cooking a burger cut in half severely reduces the overall taste and moisture. We were also surprised to see that the piece of pork loin that my wife had cut off and realized was undercooked was literally in the same spot on her plate. We are fairly certain they took our undercooked food and finished it in the oven as is or even worse in a microwave. I have never sent any food back in my life so maybe this is standard operating procedure but it seems that it shouldn't be too much to at least have a new hamburger prepared properly. Needless to say there are far too many options in the neighborhood for me to ever spend another dollar here.As a resident of Francisville I've had the chance to try this restaurant 4 times.  The menu is straight forward - not much to look at - but the execution is on point.  Every dish exceeded my expectations - especially the entrees.  
The best part about this restaurant isn't the food, though.  The beer list, outdoor seating, and service are exceptional.  Whoever was in charge of the beer selection deserves a high-five and raise....but let me explain.  Now-a-days restaurants/bars seem to think that more selections = good selections. Wrong.  There is no reason to have 7 different chocolate stouts on your menu in the middle of July.  Conversely, I could careless about your refreshing list of fruit flavored whit beers in February.  They keep it simple, offering beers of eat type, local and not so local, with appropriate alcohol contents (no one likes beer with 14% ABV, it tastes like sh*t).  I'm a beer snob and this list is my favorite in the city (for sitting and drinking, not trying some weird beer the sake of it).
The wait staff is knowledgeable and professional, I will leave it at that. No need to elaborate - they met my expectations each time i went.  
Lastly, if i can recommend some dishes:  the roast chicken is beyond what you would expect from a token chicken dish, the hanger steak is seasoned perfectly without using too much salt (which wouldn't work well with the salted frittes), and the burger lives up to its reputation.  It might not be the best in the city, but it is definitely best burger north of market st.  No joke.We went in randomly and was pleasantly surprised. Their brunch on the weekends are very nice. I would highly recommend for couples.Food is good but the menu is pretty unexciting. Good coffee. Service was incredibly slow. 45 minutes for an omelette and scrambled eggs, what!?Solid neighborhood joint for brunch. The food is consistently good. Generally the service is quick and it's usually not too crowded. They have a nice selection of items to choose from. Definitely worth checking out.My boyfriend and I were hunting for a new brunch place similar to Green Eggs Cafe. The restaurant seemed very tight and loud. My date had the special which was some type of ranchero eggs and I had the red velvet crepe/pancakes...
My dates eggs were served on what looked and tasted like a soggy bed of Fritos. My meal was pretty  too look at but so rich that after one or two bites, I was done. 
Hickory Lane Bistro is worth a try and perhaps we ordered the wrong dishes.First time coming here for a quick brunch. I loved it. We ordered the red velvet crespelles and mexi breakfast dish. It was better than I expected. The environment and decor felt like I was enjoying brunch in my home. I'm glad I found a decent brunch spot on Fairmount that isnt over-crowded.Exceptional!! I made a reservation for a party of 3 for brunch about 2 weeks prior and was given the time I requested. Upon arrival, we were greeted immediately and shown to our table (15 minutes earlier than our reservation time of 11 am). We ordered a round of cocktails which were delicious (Bloody Mary, Spicy Blood Orange Margarita and Pomegranate Mimosa). My friend said the Stone Ground Grits with shrimp were the best she's ever had. My sister got the Classic French Toast and it was AWESOME - super thick and either deep fried or something because it was crispy on the outside. I had the pancakes with bananas and they were everything I wanted them to be! The portion was big enough that I ate one pancake (probably shouldn't have even had that much!) and took the other one home for my son who also loves pancakes. Our waitress was warm and friendly and helped with recommendations when we had questions. If you're in the area and want a delicious brunch you should definitely visit Hickory Lane American Bistro!!Went here on a weeknight and had a wonderful meal. The menu is diverse but not overwhelming and the local twist ensured everything was fresh and delicious. We live nearby and are thrilled to have a new go-to for a downtown style dinner date.Very good burger...  very good.  One of the best in Philly...  The bun was fresh, the meat was very flavorful and cooked perfectly (medium), the slab of cheese had just begun to melt....  the fries were well seasoned...  all served garlic mayo...So my wife and I frequently play a game when we are trying to figure out dinner and we want to stay local in the Fairmount area.  Whichever restaurant we find parking near, that is where we will end up.  So in our circling we ended up across the street from Hickory Lane.  With my new BBQ kick, I figured it was fate. Especially as I have been meaning to try it anyway ever since I saw Loca closed and this pop up in it's place.
So my wife and I get seated and they have the tables pretty much on top of each other.  Something I hate.  We get seated and our neigboring table is pretty much sharing our table and our conversation.
The server was quick and attentive and would frequently give us more bread when asked.  Although I don't know why they just don't put a basket of bread down.  It would save them some work.
The menu isn't very extensive, but what I noticed was that it also wasn't very BBQey either.  So my wife and I decided to split the mussels (usually a good indicator of a restaurant) and she got the burger (a $15 burger) and I got what appeared to be the most BBQey / indulgent thing on the menu......the Braised Pork Belly Sandwich.
OK.....so the mussels were...meh.  And they don't even give you bread to sop up the sauce, we had to ask for it.  My wife's burger came and it was OK, just not worth $15.  I mean seriously, if you are charging $15 a burger.....it better be good.
But....the Braised Pork Belly Sandwich.  This thing was a piece of heaven on a plate.  The pork was tender and when you bite into it the juices go everywhere.  It wasn't easy to eat, but it was worth every sloppy, messy, delicious bite.
So although I think the place is being a little more pretentious than it should be, the Pork Belly Sandwich is worth a visit by itself.  As it is not exactly a healthy meal, I won't be back for a little while.  I am pretty sure I gained 5 pounds from that sandwich alone.I'd noticed this place every time I was in that area and I've been  wanting to go there. So I finally went for lunch with a couple of friends and that day being easter, they said that the wait was 45 minutes. So we decided to sit outside. It was sunny but slightly windy but it was nice outside and the wait staff were very polite and attentive. It is a nice little bistro with really good food. We got the very berry French toast which was super delicious and the omelette with potatoes. The omelette to my pleasant surprise was just perfect. Rightly seasoned and the portion was the right size and not humongous. 
They had some interesting mimosas too. We didn't try them though.
I'd definitely go there again and maybe sit inside this time. All said, it was a good meal at a nice setting and it made me happy.I wanted to like this new restaurant in my neighborhood. Nice atmosphere but doesn't make up for the cost of the food- way overpriced, though the food was decent. About 1/3 less expensive & might have been worth it.My brother in law raved about this place and recommended it for dinner. He loves their burgers.  So based on his suggestion and for the sake of trying out a new burger place, crossing this one off my list! 
The weather was beautiful, we were seated outside which was really nice.  Our server was great - very friendly, knowledgeable, professional and thoughtful. 
My man wanted to try something different so he ordered the Duck Rachel - $17 (Caramelized Onion, Apple Slaw, BBQ Sauce, Brioche Bun, Sweet Potato Fries) the rest of our crew had the Hickory Burger - $17 (Grass Fed Beef, Brisket, Filet Tip, and Deckle (What is deckle you ask? It's a different cut of meat - a part in a rib eye - known for it's distinctive flavoring).  Burger is toped with melted aged cheddar and your normal fixins.  
Burgers are FILLING - like, I could have easily split that bad boy with my sister but my greedy self ate the whole thing, minus one bite for ego's sake.  The duck, according to the man, lacked meat, filled mostly with cabbage and not as tasty as he'd expected.  I was sad for him as he is a meat and potato kind of guy so this kinda sucked, but he ate as much as he could without complaining about his food.
Our food came out rather quickly. 
Venue on a weeknight evening was pretty mellow and not crowded. 
The burgers were really good, I can see why he loves them. The burger itself was super juicy - which was a treat for someone who orders their burgers well done and most of the time they come out dry.  I think my own personal taste buds are not gamey-friendly, and so the mixture of meats (for me) is influencing my good to great comment.  But for a lot of people, I'm sure it will be great.
Will I be returning? Sure! Had no complaints whatsoever but there are too many other great burger places I haven't tried yet.Only been for brunch, but never disappointed! Great selection, with vegetarian options, and the specials are usually amazing.  Dinner menú seems more limited for people with dietary restrictions, which is why I have stuck to brunch.I am really enjoying the new places to eat in Fairmont, LaCalaca, Blue Cat and now Hickory Lane. Had dinner last night with another couple. The staff was pleasant, decor is beautiful, a different feel from previous owners Loca. Apps we had the cheese plate, mussels, pickled onion&field green salad and white asparagus soup. The cheese plate and mussels were delicious, the soup was rather tasteless though and the salad needed something, just not sure what. My husband and I had the burger, which was awesome, my only complaint is that it did not stay together well, so it was difficult to eat. Our friends had the king salmon, great flavor, very good, but a little pricey for the skimpy portion and the chicken breast, tender, juicy and just all around good. We passed on dessert, too full but plan to return and have the bread pudding.
It's byob for now so dont forget to bring your favorite wine.
i look forward to visiting again soon, perhaps for lunch, HL is a nice addition to the neighborhood.I've eaten at Hickory Lane twice since writing my last review.  The first time was on the recommendation of a work colleague, so I didn't feel I could object.  I was pleasantly surprised, however, by the service.  We actually had the same server as before and she was super efficient and very friendly.  The restaurant wasn't as crowded as it was the last time, however, the table set up was still the same.  She was attentive to us and that made me happy.  Also, I made sure to order a burger this time - no getting into it with an overly creative dish.  The burger was good - well cooked with aioli sauce, aged cheese, lettuce, tomato and a pickle.  I'd recommend!
I decided to go back with my man on a separate occasion for brunch since we were in the neighborhood and Fare was booked solid.  Again, the same server!  (We still have yet to see that awesome bartender from last year).  This time, our server was rushed, but she also had to deal with a large brunch crowd.   I recommended to my boyfriend that he order the burger, which he liked.  I wasn't in the mood to be adventurous, so I ordered the Smoked Salmon & Bagel Platter.  It was exactly what I expected, so I was pleased.Was so thrilled that Hickory Lae participated in the VIP party at Terror Behind the Walls in the Eastern State Penitentiary! I had a chance to try the french onion soup and it was really delicious!One of my top 2 burgers ever. I dream about it since we've moved. Husband's food has always been good too. Burger is 5 stars.I wanted to try a new place in Fairmount for brunch and a friend recommended Hickory Lane.  We made reservations for 12:30 on a Sunday in August.  We arrived at 12:30 and our table was ready.  We opted to sit inside but they do have several tables outside on the sidewalk. The interior of the restaurant is small but the high ceilings and table layout ensures you don't feel cramped.
Our server came over quickly and took our drink orders.  The beer list is compact but very diverse.  I chose a 220z Biere D'Abbaye Lacu which is an Italian Belgian Style Ale.  It was absolutely fantastic.  
We ordered a Quiche that was one of the specials, Hickory Lane Burger & Belgian Waffle.  I was going to try breakfast but after reading the raving reviews of the burger I had to try it.
The Quiche came with potatoes and a salad.  My aunt said it was fantastic.  The Hickory Burger was so fantastic I have moved it into the top 3 of my top burger list.  The patty was made of Filet Tips, Deckle (fat from a Ribeye) and a custom brisket blend.  The patty was topped with Aged Cheddar, Garlic Aioli, Tomato, Bibb Lettuce & a Pickle on a Challah Roll.  I added house cut fries.  The Belgian Waffle was light, fluffy & my Fiance loved it.
I don't recall the exact total but I thought it was very reasonable for our meal.  I will be back.Pass. Inconsistent and overpriced. First time I came here was for brunch, the French toast was great ( not as good as Sabrina's which is very nearby on Callowhill). Went for dinner another time got the Mac & cheese with pulled pork, was delicious very impressed. Was there a few weeks ago and got the Mac and cheese again, 2 thumbs down. Sooo disappointing, hardly any cheese! Thought maybe they were just having a bad night or something, so I went again for brunch a few weeks later was also really disappointed. Maybe they've had a change of hands in management or something. It's definitely over priced for the quality of food at least in my experience. Giving 3 stars because it was good the first two times I went and because their drinks were decent. I'll only go again if it's a warm night and want to sit at their outdoor seating for a cocktail. If your looking for a brunch spot go to Sabrina's on Callowhill. Better food, better service and better price. Enjoy!My coffee was served warm not hot, even when I was topped off.  Come on guys, I need my morning jolt of Java!  The pork belly benedict was fatty goodness.  I literally ate everything off my plate and saved the pork for last.  We just felt so cramped.  We had our girl with us and we were seated at the smallest table.  We were given a high chair with a broken strap.  Then given another one that we had to wipe down the dust ourselves.  There was another party of 2 with infant and was seated at a table for four.  They could've seated us in a bigger table that wasn't even used the whole time we were there.  I mentioned to our waitress that we eat fast, 45 minutes in/out the door.  Plenty of space available but just didn't want to accommodate us.  Sadly this place will not be on my brunch options in the future.  No, thanks! I'll head over fishtown instead.The food was good and the atmosphere is charming. It was actually delightful. It's what a bistro should be. Except for one small problem. We had dinner at the bar, and that was a mistake. I ordered a Merlot. My friend ordered a Chardonnay. The bartender couldn't have been stingier with the pour. Two gulps and it was gone. And they weren't special wines. When the check came I saw that the bartender substituted the Chardonnay. Okay. Maybe it was a mistake. When my friend asked for bread the bartender said they didn't have any. It was an oversight. The restaurant didn't order any that day. I later said are you sure you don't have bread? Then she was downright nasty. "I told you we don't have any!!!" When she handed me the check it was with a mean scowl. A thank you could have redeemed her. I've been shown more courtesy by meter maids. Don't let this review stop you from going there. Just have  drinks somewhere else. It'll make the evening more enjoyable.Although I never wrote a review after my first experience here six months ago, my more recent dinner was so incredibly different and better that I felt compelled to comment. 
For Round 1, I ordered the standard burger, medium-rare. The accompanying fries and aioli were very good and my girlfriend enjoyed her mushroom bisque. The burger however, was nowhere close to medium-rare and gave me concerns about the safety of eating such a bloody thing. I persisted in light of this feeling, but to little satisfaction. The bun was already a bit soggy, the flavor of the burger seemed muted somehow. It wasn't a terrible experience, but with so many great food options in the city, my girlfriend and I didn't feel compelled to try again.
Fast forward to this weekend. I'd been getting an itch to explore Fairmount food, and Hickory Lane jumped back into my head for whatever reason. I checked out the brunch menu and it was worded so nicely that I figured, "What the hell, I'll give this place another shot".
VERY happy that I did. The key to these burgers is essentially to order up by one level when conveying how you want it cooked. You want it Medium-Rare? Ask for Medium, etc. Knowing this, I asked for medium and the burger came out a little on the low end of what I'd consider medium-rare (subjective, of course). This ended up being perfect. Again, the fries were great, and the burger was delicious. I believe the bun was challah, which the chef crisped perfectly. 
The decor of the restaurant is very relaxing in the afternoon and it has a wonderful view of the street and Penitentiary. Recommend.Though there are some criticisms, none of them are worth deducting a full star here. The ambiance is great, open kitchen and nice outside options while it's still warm out. Service is extremely attentive, but gets a little confusing because it seems like every server in the place is waiting on you, asking whether you need anything moments after you asked for more water for someone else. I started with the hickory lane salad which was a delicious start to the evening (though the little flatbread deal was unnecessary). Jack got mussels which he said were a little over lemony and a little under garliced but pretty solid. For the entree he had duck which he referred to as an "adult-sized portion" and quite good, despite some underwhelming rice. I had the burger.
Let's talk about the burger. 
Top five burgers of all time, potentially top three. This is almost exclusively due to the quality of the meat, which according to the menu is an exclusive grind. I could make a double entendre about wanting to exclusively grind this burger but I'll spare you. It lives up to the hype. Go eat it and be happy.We came here for a family brunch on a Sunday morning - what a phenomenal experience! The space is adorable, the food is delicious and the staff is so friendly and accommodating.
Our server, Lex, really made the experience for us. Not only was she patient and attentive to our party of seven (our coffee mugs were never, ever empty), but her recommendations for food and drink were spot on. She even convinced us to try the bourbon Bloody Mary, and we loved it.
I'm sad that Hickory Lane is a bit out of the way for me. Otherwise it would be a go-to spot for brunch!Nice outdoor space, prompt seating and courteous staff.
Delicious cocktails (except the blueberry lavender lemonade, which literally tasted like someone liquified the flower show - ick!).
Brunch food was only ok.  My veggie Tex-Mex plate was just chips, salsa and eggs... no sour cream, no avocado, no onions, no cheese or fresh tomato, nothing.  I just kept wondering where all the ingredients mentioned in the menu write up were.  A total bummer.
Bread on a burger was stale, but fries were tasty.This is the third time I have visited this restaurant. The first time I had a hamburger. Very good the second time I had their version of the BLT. It was outstanding! I couldn't wait to go back and have another. Well tonight I went and ordered one. It was horrible. Very little baking the bread was soggy it was a complete disappointment. I didn't even eat half the sandwich. I asked the waitress to wrap it up to take home for my dogs. I then went and told the manager what a disappointment my meal was. Well, all I got in return was "sorry to hear that"nothing was discounted nothing was taken off check and to  add insult to injury I never got my doggy bag to take home... Not going backSwung by here a few days after opening. I simply loved it. The food was spot on and the service was freiendly. We didn't order anything big, just some light fare but the dishes were delectable.  I odered the seared sea scallops. I will say the black truffle and white bean ragout put a massive smile on my face. My friend ordered the steamed mussels. she is a poissonnier from New York and she had nothing but high praises about them. Keep up the amazing work!
The interior of the restaurant is classy yet fun. It is also a bit fun to see the historic walls of Eastern State Penitentiary peeking through the windows, 
  I recommend this restaurant over and over again.Cute little place great ambiance- super service by Sarah - food was excellent!! Sat by the window for pretty view of philly street.   Seemed like lots of regulars - greeting servers and staff by name. Really liked that.  It is amazing how a friendly greeting can brighten up your day.  Thank you Hickory !!Fantastic brunch place. Had the poached eggs and pork belly. Wait staff on point with everything. Felt like a first class experience. I will be back!No complaints about my vegan pancakes ...they we're huge & tasty! I love the fact that I can make reservation and actually get in at that time ...the food came out hot, the waitresses are gorgeous and the pancakes were excellent!!!Went to Hickory Lane after running the Color Run-- yes, our group was covered in multi-colored dust/paint.  They were very accomodating to us, despite our appearance, and was able to sit our table of 7 outside.  This restaurant is in a great location--- right on Fairmount next to Eastern State Penitentiary.
Service was pretty good.  Along with being able to sit us outside, they were quick to get us waters/menus and were willing to wait for the rest of our party to arrive.  Also, they had just opened at 9 (which I like when brunch places open early-- some people have places to go and people to see and can't wait until 11 am to eat!)  I had absolutely no problem with the service.
The reason this place gets 2 stars is that the food is not that great and is overpriced.  Each brunch item was an average of $13, which I think is a little higher than you'd pay at Sabrina's or Honeys. I'd have no problem with the price if the food was higher cailber.  I ordered the eggs benedict, which is a pretty standard brunch choice of mine.  I felt like it was a bit underseasoned.  Same goes for the breakfast potatoes-- they tasted too greasy and didn't have enough of a crisp on them.  This entree came with a side salad, which was good except it was located with raw chopped onions (which I love in moderation) and way too much dressing.  And to top it off, I found a hair under the eggs benedict... ew!
Overall, I feel like this place probably caters to visitors of Eastern State that are willing to pay the high price to have a convenient bite to eat.  I probably will not be visiting again.Great food, service and atmosphere.  Our waiter, Harrison, was excellent.  My favorite spot in Fairmount.Always guaranteed a good meal. Mimosas are also really delicious! I only go there on special occasions (it's a bit pricey). 
I was there last weekend and had a very nice waitress. She was very sweet and personable. One thing that bothered me though was when she asked me if I wanted a second cup coffee while I was eating. I couldn't answer her (food in mouth) and she poured me another cup. Then I got charged another $2.50. I thought there were free refills so I didn't think anything of it until I got the bill. So note: there are not free coffee refillsGreat service and food!  Excellent cocktails and the scallops were perfect.  Took customers there for dinner.  Perfect.I've been here a few times for dinner and love this place! I have tried the duck rachel and the carolina pulled pork sandwich - both amazing. It's one of my favorite places in fairmount!My sons and I dined her for their birthday dinners.  The ambience was great.  I liked the decor.  The lighting could've been better, but, overall, it was nice.  Our server was superb.  She gave us the rundown of the specials and took our drink orders then our food orders.  The food came out promptly.  I had the special which was delicious.  The polenta was creamy and very tasty and paired well with the chorizo.  My son had the chicken and squash which he said was delectable. My other son had the salmon which he really enjoyed and the food was plentiful.  The drink menu was bountiful.  They had a good selection of beers and cocktails.  
I gave them a four because overall everything was really good!Such a good spot! We stopped here randomly and we are so glad we did! The beer selection was good and the food was excellent. We got the mac and cheese and it was such a good choice! Will definitely come back again!I left Hickory Lane pretty underwhelmed. We had a nice meal outside, and I really enjoyed the ambiance and the ample room for tables on the sidewalk. I got the fried oyster blt, which I didn't enjoy very much. It was drenched in Russian dressing, which made it sloppy and difficult to eat, not to mention only really being able to taste the Russian dressing. My boyfriend got the burger and said it was just alright. I might go back, but wouldn't be quick to recommend it.Visited: 02/20/2016
Our first dining stop during our trip to Philly was Hickory Lane that was recommended by our friends that picked us up from the airport :) This place is located right across the penitentiary, right at a corner (see pic). Parking is definitely street parking (as is most cases in the city). 
We came in a bustling restaurant so all four of us decided to sit at the bar where our server was friendly. Our food and drinks came pretty quickly for the sake that it was so busy! 
We ordered: 
Dolce de Leche Drench Toast and I think it was the Hickory Lane Classic French Toast 
Mind you, I'm not the best at eating sweets, so I probably shouldn't have chosen the Dolce de Leche French Toast since it was super sweet for me :D However, there French Toast was gigantic! Literally the largest French Toast I've ever ordered so far! It was delicious!! If I get a chance to visit again, I'd like to try their other dishes :DTheir prix fixe menu is a great deal for M-Th, though disappointed the items on the website didn't reflect their updated menu (the dropped the bouillabaisse, which was what I wanted). Three course meal, good amount of food. I got their Steak and frites, which were 3.5/5. Steak was done perfectly but quite underseasoned and needed help. Butterscotch dessert was delicious. Will be returning and trying something else. I hear their burgers are good...Service was awful.  Took forever to get our less than subpar food.  The waiter was rude and neglectful and the food was less than appetizing to look at or consumeHickory Lane is like a hidden gem in Fairmount without being hidden at all.  It is BYOB--always a winner in my book--and has outdoor seating, which is perfect for this time of year (well, except when the humidity is higher than the temperature and I end up looking like Monica from Friends with my fro... I digress).  
The man-friend and I started with the Steak Tartare which was deeeeeeeelicious.  Love me some raw meat (that's what she said).  Only complaint was that they only gave you a handful of chips to eat it with and so I ended up having to ask for more.
Between the two of us we had the King Salmon and the Hickory Burger.  Just as a general comment for both, we had ordered both to be cooked "medium," however both came out to us very rare.  Not a major deal, because I don't have an aversion to rare meat (see my comments on my appetizer choice).
The Salmon came on a bed of polenta with asiago cheese.... and this really stole the show for me.  So creamy, so delicious, so everything-i-could-want-in-life-or-at-least-in-my-mouth.  The Salmon was good as well, but that Polenta.  Ohhhh the Polenta.
The Hickory Burger was killer.  It came with perfectly hand cut fries and a pickle, which I truly loved--a burger should always come with a Pickle, no matter what restaurant you're at.  The Garlic aioli was sooo delicious.  The super-thick-slice of cheese on the burger really made the dish, because it added depth and tons of flavor but didn't overpower the meat.  
All-in-all, this is a great spot with awesome ambiance--perfect for summer dining in Fairmount.Delicious! We had warm mushroom and goat cheese bruschetta it was phenomenal.  Also loved their salads and mac and cheese.  Laid back and easy for a great meal, priced moderately.Great brunch spot in Philly. Every time we visit Philly, we come here for brunch. They have amazing specials. I recommend the red velvet pancakes.Just stopped in as I was able to get a parking spot nearby.  Service was really friendly and always close by.  Food was really interesting.  Had the veggie burger with a whole wheat bun.  Really filling and good and fresh.  French fries are amazing.  Definitely will go back and recommendWas not what we expected, sitting outside next to the window I could here one of the workers cursing, talking very loud non stop and not very respectfully.  I could see him eating food with his hands while he was working. Price was ok, food was ok. My cocktail was a lemonade with no alcohol almost. Besides the menu says Rum, but who knows what type of rum because is not specify in the menu. Very disappointed. 
Our waitress was good, but she brought us the check before finishing. 
Fairmount is going in another direction.Add half a star right off, here we go.  This place is great, great location, great staff, great food, great greatness, lol...ok enough with the greats, but seriously this is a brunch spot you need to check out.  The options are really fun, cool creative specials and standards as well, had the Italian eggs benedict and it was amazing, next time went with eggs and sausage, also terrific...oh, and the coffee is delicious!  enough gushing, just go and try it, I'm sure you'll be happy.the thickest french toast I've ever had!!! absolutely amazing!! the french toast was great and it was topped with fresh whipped cream and fresh blueberries!!! I fell in love!Took my wife here on Valentine's day.
They served a 7 course fix priced menu for 65 per person.
It was the best. My wife agreed that this made for a very romantic dinner. The bean soup with a bacon froth was awesome! I was tempted to ask for another bowl, but was also looking forward to what was next. The best part of the night was the pork wrapped around garlic and mushrooms. With each bite we would close our eyes and savor all the flavors. It was that good.
BYOB, there is a state store 100 yards away that is open till 9:00 PM.
We are looking forward to returning.Visiting philly for the day, we wanted to start our day off with a great breakfast and we weren't disappointed. The eggs Benedict, cheese plate and grits were amazing; light enough for a walk through the town but heavy enough that we wouldn't fall over in the heat. The atmosphere is really laid back and a quick uber ride from the Rittenhouse area. 
Waitress was really polite and great description of the cheese plate, Marcie or Margie.  Sorry I forgotProfessional service and reasonable prices.would definitely come here again in the futureOne star is based on service only, I don't know what the food tastes like. We were seated at a table and promptly ignored. It wasn't that busy, and servers were taking care of tables around us, so I'm not sure what the problem was. 15 minutes seems like long enough to wait for a menu at least, but we got nothing. We kind of hated to just leave, but there are enough options in the neighborhood that we decided to try someplace where we might actually get food. We walked to Trio and had a delicious dinner.Sat inside on a cold January morning- we started off with hot tea, served with brown sugar cubes and milk. I ordered and will highly recommend the red velvet Crespelles (pancakes)- although be prepared that this is a large dish!  The pancakes are stuffed with a strawberry marscarpone and topped with chocolate chips and a whipped cream. Be prepared that this dish is VERY sweet,  but delicious!Good food, comfortable environment. I enjoyed the pork belly Benedict, which was really just eggs Benedict with two pieces of chicharron on the side. The many flavors of mimosas were greatly enjoyed, as was the gratis bottomless coffee. I would have given this 4 stars but all the food in my plate was lukewarm.My daughter has been coming here for breakfast often and so finally I had a chance to try it out. I really like the quaintness and the location. The staff was exceptionally nice, everyone was pleasant & greeted us upon entry and exit. I had the blueberry French toast with a side of eggs and turkey bacon. The French toast was delicious, the eggs were, eggs and the turkey bacon could've been cooked a little longer. My daughter had the shrimp and grits. The shrimp were huge, I wasn't a fan of the grits, they were too thick and lumpy for my taste. I'm not sure I'll be as frequent a visitor as my daughter, but there were a couple of other items that I would like to give a try.I was pleased to find that I enjoyed this place for dinner almost as much as I had for brunch! They did some fun Cinco de Mayo specials. I enjoyed the Pearly Legal vodka martini and a lovely rose'. Had a good Cuban with great fries. I would return as it was very comfortable and a nice place to converse as it wasn't overly loud.Visited here for the first time on Saturday for brunch.  The food was delicious and the service was remarkable.  My friends raved about the burger...one of the best, if not the best they've had.  I ordered the Tex-Mex Plato which was delicious however it got soggy fast and could have used some more texture.  A side of tortilla chips would have completed the meal.  I will definitely be visiting again!Excellent meal start to finish. Roasted beet carpaccio with micro- greens and goat cheese was a work of art. We also enjoyed the Tuna tartar. Seafood entrees were all fresh and perfectly cooked. Entree prices in the high $20's. Service was attentive but not overbearing. Minor complaints: Coffee should come out with desert, not as we are finishing desert. Aisles are narrow so other guests squeezing through would slide their coats and handbags along the edge of our table.  I kept grabbing my wine glass so it wouldn't get knocked over. 
Wish it would remain byob! 
Will definitely return.The food itself was okay and reasonably priced. The service was friendly and attentive. Our issue was upon checking our bar bill we were charged for more drinks than we had. When checking the charge account online while there we discovered a third and erroneous charge in a different amount from the bar. A later call to the manager to ensure the incorrect charges were rescinded did not result in a returned call. The incorrect charges were eventually dropped.I was pretty impressed by Hickory Lane tonight. It's been on my radar for a bit, but finally got to try it out. The service was great. Our server seemed genuinely thankful that we were there, which is rare!
I had the pork tenderloin which was served atop what is called a "butternut squash fondue".. I'm not supposed to eat dairy, and I'm not sure if it was dairy, but it was delicious. My dining partner had the chicken in pomegranate jus w/ roasted sweet potatoes and I managed to nab a few, delicious bites. 
The location bordering Eastern State Penitentiary is kind of cool. I hadn't explored Fairmount much before, but I am planning my trip back to Hickory Lane next week before I move to NYC :( :(.This place is a neighborhood gem. Best burgers I have had in Philly! Great service everytime and in the past has had some great gluten free options for my friends.Great atmosphere and food. I tried the pull pork which was great and my girlfriend had the California grilled chicken club which was awesome with a side salad. I'd definitely come back to visit this spot.I ate here with two friends on a recent Thursday night. When we got there at seven, there was no one at any of the tables. Fine, we thought, and sat down. 
I ordered a hamburger, And my friends ordered their meals. When my burger arrived, it was really salty, but at least it was cooked to the right temperature, which is pretty uncommon. The fries that accompanied it were also limp, gray, and also over-salted.
When my friend finished his meal, he ordered dessert -- some kind of tart with salty caramel. The dessert was not overly sweet but, goddammit, it was also over-salted.
Now, I'm sure a lot of the food on the menu is pretty good, but they have such a heavy hand on the salt, it's going to be a long time before I go back.Came here during restaurant week so had a chance to get a few items on the (relative) cheap. Started with the beet salad which was good but was lacking enough beets to considered a beet salad in my book (only true complaint of the meal). Then I had the duck Rachel with sweet potato fries which was fantastic! A good Rachel ranks pretty high in my book but the duck was a perfect substitute for corned beef. My gf got the salmon and that was also very good! More than enough food for the both of us. We ended with the pumpkin chai ice cream which has a great balance of flavor, sweetness and spice!
The restaurant itself is pretty cozy so it gets a little loud but has cool decor and good service.Sometimes my wife eats all of her food except for one bite on the side of her plate. Oftentimes, I will just grab whatever that bite is, and pop it into my mouth. Generally speaking, it's because  that bite had fallen on the floor, or was inedible for some other reason.
1. You'd think I would've learned after years of this happening to me.
2. In this instance, I was not even mad because the pork belly (of Pork Belly Benedict fame) was excellent. The whole dish was excellent, actually, but most of it was better if you didn't drop it on the floor first. 
All that about the Pork Belly Benedict said, the Tex Mex Plato is the move at brunch. It's got poached eggs and spicy sausage in a nice sauce poured over what is basically a bowl of nachos. For breakfast. That's a good thing. 
Other things to note: 
They have an extensive list of mimosa options and the bloody marys are pretty solid.
The French toast is gorgeous.
Their actual bacon was a little dry and crunchy (as opposed to crisp) for my taste, but that's not too big a deal.Came here for brunch and was not impressed. We got the cheese platter which was okay, nothing special. For my entree I got the tex-max plato because it was so raved about but I didn't enjoy it. It was a strange ginormous bowl of soggy chips. The poached eggs on top were overcooked: a BIG no-no in my book. I also don't know what flavor they were trying to get at with the sauce. It's so strange that everyone raves about this dish on yelp because it sucked and was not worth the money. My friends got the pork belly benedict which was pretty decent but overall I would never come back here.Awful bee issue. Don't come here unless you want to be swarmed by yellow jackets and eventually stung.I've been to Hickory Lane a few times but found it somewhat disappointing last time.  I went there for dinner more recently and had the roast beef sandwich.  It was just ok....service was ok but not exceptional.  The last time I ate at Hickory Lane I had the Salmon BLT which was much better than the roast beef.  I think their brunch food is a little better, more like three starts.I really enjoy Hickory Lane. It's a perfect date night for my husband and I and the food is AMAZING. I know ordering a burger isn't what most people think of when they go out, but trust me, it's delicious! Everything is great here so you really can't go wrong, but I just really enjoyed the burger.Super solid restaurant. Hickory Lane is now housed where L'Oca once stood and let me tell you, the better restaurant won out. 
My girlfriend and I came here for an early dinner on a Thursday evening and to our surprise, were the only people there (it typically fills up as the evening progresses). We were promptly seated and received our entrees in no time.
I had the salmon and she had the chicken and they were both simply out of this world! The plating is elegant yet generous and the flavors were just simply incredible.
The service was pretty good. Our server fulfilled her duties with little enthusiasm but was attentive and timely. Once the sun goes down, this place lights up and the fact that it's a BYO sweetens the deal even more.
I definitely recommend Hickory Lane for any type of dinner occasion and will definitely be returning there soon!While visiting Philly for the first time, Hickory Lane American Bistro was a very nice place to grab breakfast. The outside seating was quaint and the food was excellent! However, I was not satisfied with the customer service. My boyfriend and I ordered coffee and it came out almost cold. Also we ordered it with cream and sugar and did not get the sugar until we were done with our first cup. Other than that, I would recommend it and would come back!I love going to hickory lane for brunch. My wife loves all of the different French toast specials each weekend. The service is amazing, good atmosphere and they have great drink options.  Highly recommend this spot.Brunch is out of this world! Food is always phenomenal and service is excellent. Such a cute, cozy environment -- this place is a gem!The cannoli French Toast was to die for. I have always had a good brunch here. Make reservations!This place is great and I will be going back. I had the burger which was delicious and cooked perfectly. Fries were delicious as well. The other people at my table had the scallops and said they were very good. Only downside was the special cocktail I had at the beginning it was a minty vanilla concoction that was not good at all. Didn't care though since the food and service was great.Hickory Lane is a wonderful restaurant at the corner of Fairmount and Corinthian.  Sitting outside is wonderful because you are on the Corinthian side = less traffic and a view of the Eastern State Penitentiary (lights and cool gothic-style building). Strung lights around the restaurant are a nice tough that makes it feel romantic and nice.  
They open up the large windows for an open air feeling if you sit inside and the weather is nice.  The inside restaurant has nice wood floors and a sophisticated feel. The food is prepared with care and attention.  
The menu changes frequently which makes coming back to this restaurant a joy.  For sure the burger is AWESOME!  
FYI:  They are not BYO anymore.  As of today they allow BYO and serve beer and wine. Within the next few weeks they will serve liquor and will be a full bar.  They might do a corkage charge if you still want to byo but ask first.Went for brunch on Sunday at around 12:30 pm before our tour at Eastern State Penitentiary because the food smelled amazing as we were passing by to go to a different restaurant.  We popped in and waited maybe 5-10 minutes max for a table.  I saw the chef plate this amazing stuffed pumpkin French Toast and decided that's what I would order.  My husband ordered the Cinnamon Bun French Toast special and a side of sausage.  The server was awesome (she had these pretty leaf earrings on) and the food came out fast (under 10 minutes).  It was better than we hoped.  Our server knew we had to run over for the tour and kept us ahead of schedule and said she loved the audio tour when she visited Eastern State on their Staff Day.  The bill was average price but the brunch was way above our expectations.  This place is a must for brunch.  Enjoy!Had dinner here after hot day at the Fairmount Bastille Day block party events. They have several cafe tables outside but since we were outside in the sun all day we opted to sit inside. Service was excellent with a visible manager present. I was a little disappointed with some of the dishes. Dishes we enjoyed: corn, cilantro & cucumber cold soup & mac & cheese. Disappointing was the $15 shrimp cocktail which was described as coming in a pico sauce. It came in a ketchup like sauce & stale corn chips on the side.Service was great, food was delicious, and it was a nice day to sit outside. 
I ordered the Tiramisu stuffed French toast which was divine!! It was light yet sweet.
My fiancé ordered the Hickory Burger which he raved about! He said it was juicy, flavorful, cheesy, and just delicious! 
If your in the area, def give this place a try!Hickory Lane has actually improved since the new chef took over.
The original chef Zagorski, the famous creator of the popular burger here, was very good and I had eaten here once while he was still manning the kitchen.  We came, as most people did, to try the burger.  Well let me tell you that it was EVERYTHING it was cracked up to be.  Bibb lettuce, brioche bun, tomato, cheese and meat.  Nothing fancy, because it didn't need to be.  This was the most delicious, decadent hamburger I had ever tasted.  I brought my whole family in a few weeks later to try it but the restaurant's supplier had left them hanging so the burger was off the menu.  I never had it again.
The problem with Zagorski was that other than his burger, nothing else on the menu excited me at all.  The choices were haphazard and boring.  The new chef at Hickory Lane has reinvigorated my desire to come again, though, because he revamped the menu and included more veggie-friendly items.  He also built a stronger menu with more of a concept.  The burger is still on the menu, but I know the specific blend of meats Zagorski used was proprietary so I doubt it is exactly the same.  I can say, however, that the cuts of meat are listed on the menu and those do appear to be the same cuts that Zagorski used, so perhaps he handed down his recipe.  I have since become a vegetarian, so I cannot rate this new burger.  I can rate the rest of the menu, though.
I recently came for brunch and had the Tex-Mex Plato, which was awesome.  I substituted some soy bacon for the sausage, which was a good choice because the meal would otherwise have been too mushy in texture.  The sausage, I'm sure, adds the crunch.  Still, it was a great inventive meal.  My wife had a stuffed French toast dish with pineapple and cream cheese that was heavenly.  It was the best stuffed French toast I've ever tried.  We also had two great fruit-flavored mimosas (pear and pineapple) that were excellent.  Subtlety sweet with a decent extra-dry champagne.
The service was also exceptionally friendly.  They brought out a water bowl for our dog and kept it filled and seated us under and awning as it looked like rain was on the horizon.  The location and view you get at Hickory Lane is also almost unmatched.  People watching on the street with the Penitentiary behind them!
The kitchen took a while to get our food out to us; that is my only complaint.  I could hear them rushing to get orders, and perhaps making a mistake that made the wait longer.  I also noticed a table of four girls that was seated before us take a very long time to get their food, so I knew we were in for a long wait as well.  If they pick up the pace, they'd easily be 5 stars.Walked down Fairmount looking for a place or brunch and this didn't disappoint. A bit over priced for drinks but the food was worth the wait. Loved the outdoor seating outside. Eggs Benedict was amazing, just the perfect amount of runny eggs. Breakfast potatoes were a great side with a kick of spice.I really like this restaurant in Fairmount. I have been here for dinner a couple of times and had the cheese plate and burger. Love their fries with the garlic aioli. LOVE. Last time we went, they had $5 sangrias for happy hour....ugh, so yummy. The décor is modern and attractive. Last time we used a $10 off $30 coupon from a restaurant playing card deck and used it with no issues.Came here with out of town friends. The ingredients tasted fresh but the entrees were all on the salty side. Nothing really special or memorable about the food...cute restaurant and nice atmosphere though.Food consistently a 5, unfortunately service is consistently a 3. I also must note that this establishment could benefit from central air or utilize its many windows better. 
Ambiance - It's a cute place with quirky/cute decor such as ribbons along the wall. The tables are a little close together so it can get loud quickly. Entrance is on the side, not on Fairmount Ave. 
Service - Could use improvement. I've been here for dinner and brunch and it's always a little slow. For brunch, our server missed opportunities to refill our coffee, water and drop off the check. I don't know where she kept disappearing to!
Food- Yum! A little pricey, but yum! For dinner, I got the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries, which are coated with brown sugar so they are sweet. It was very good and I loved the brioche it was served on. My boyfriend got the reuben which was the hands down winner of the table. Reuben's can be a little dry but this one was perfectly done. For once, I actually liked the regular fries better than the sweet potato fries. 
Brunch has a pretty good mix of savory and sweet. I had the chicken and red velvet waffles special, advertised with hollandaise sauce but luckily that was not included, and it was very well done. I'm not crazy about red velvet, but it did not take away from the dish. The french toast was massive and very very good, with just the perfect amount of crispiness. My healthy sister was a little disappointed that the parfait was served with extra sugar on top, but everyone at the table was happy with their meals. 
For Sunday brunch, make sure you make a reservation in advance!Really great menu with items that can please everyone.  The potato puree was outstanding.  Fries are equally good - not greasy or too fried.  The steak is relatively cheap.  Additionally, the staff is extremely friendly and pays great attention to your satisfaction.  The restaurant's decor is a mix of cosy, edgy, and french cafe bistro merged together.  It allows you to escape the typical inner city surroundings.  Overall, I would recommend for any type of occasion - birthday, date, or just dinner with friends or family.Had brunch on a muggy Sunday.  Service was excellent. Ate outside with the penitentiary in view.  It was lovely.  The pork belly Benedict was excellent. The four stars was for the Tex Plato which was just ok.  The sauce was good but a bit overpowering. The sausage didn't appear to be grilled - perhaps precooked (poached?) and hidden beneath.  Will definitely come back for the pork belly Benedict!No long BYO, but a smart cocktail menu makes up for it.  
One of, if not the, top burgers in Philadelphia.  Order it medium rare and never look back.While visiting from out of town my friends and I wanted to dine somewhere different and affordable. Doing a yelp search found us here at this lovely little bistro. It was a Saturday evening and we found street parking a couple blocks down. We were seated outside on our request. The menu is the perfect size. Not too small but not overwhelming. We each ordered a sandwich. My burger was cooked to order and came out perfectly. The fries were fresh. The sweet potato fries were awesome - I wish I swapped my regular fries for the sweet potato fries. The service was good and our waiter was attentive. The prices were reasonable. I definitely would come back to dine here again.Great food (i recommend the red velvet crespelles) and a friendly wait staff.  It's a small place so it's kinda tight but there is outside seating available.  My only problem was that the food took a little long to come out however in their defense I believe a bike race had just finished so it was rather packed.Had brunch on Sunday the 22nd of January and it was fantastic! I had the French toast and it was the best French toast I have had in a long time. The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. Took the family and everyone enjoyed what they ordered..... only drawback was the size of the dining room was small and parking of course was difficult but that will not stop me from going back for more !!!!!!!!!!!! It,s a great place to check out.I went here for Saturday brunch and everyone in my party was pleased with the food and service. I ordered the special - brioche pistachio French toast. And no. it did not taste as good as it sounds. It tasted so much better. The portion was huge. Definitely big enough to share. My sister ordered the pork belly and said it was delicious. We all left satisfied and full. I stayed filled the entire day and didn't eat dinner,  Highly recommendedI had such a stellar experience at Hickory Lane earlier in the summer when my boyfriend and I had a great meal served by an amazing bartender/server.  In fact we raved about it for months.  Tonight seemed like the perfect night to recreate that date. This time around, we were surprised to see how packed the restaurant was, not cozy, but packed (like sardines).  Our two-top was smooshed in the corner and the couple who sat next to us was practically eating on our laps.  We were surprised by how undercooked the potatoes were in the Cioppino and unfortunately they were the bulk of the dish. Imagine slicing a raw bliss potato and dropping it into a hot fish stew/sauce (not actually cooking it, just dropping it into the sauce).  Each potato cut like it was raw.  The server insisted on bringing us another round of potatoes, but those were undercooked as well.   We didn't make a big deal because we wanted to leave the restaurant before our favorite dessert place closed.  
In regards to the service, it was so-so.  In my opinion, it wasn't 20% tip-worthy despite my boyfriend's point that the poorly cooked potatoes shouldn't cost the server a decent tip.  Fair enough for his argument, BUT the server boneheadedly admitted while she was serving the couple next to us rolls and olive oil that she totally forgot to offer us any bread earlier in the evening.  And she said that halfway through our main course.
That really sucked because I was so hungry that I finished off my boyfriend's french fries before my 2nd batch of undercooked potatoes came to the table.  
At dessert across the street, we talked about it some more and he and I agreed that the service tonight was nothing like the service provided by the awesome bartender earlier this summer.  She was engaging, gave wonderful recommendations for pairings and knew the menu and presentation inside and out.  She was the reason why we came back.  Despite the best efforts of tonight's server, she couldn't actually get to us without reaching over the other couple and seemed overwhelmed by the volume of people in the restaurant, so our dining experience suffered.  The couple next to us, we noticed, received the experience we were hoping for (rolls and olive oil, meal and drink recommendations, refilling of water glasses).  Bummer.  
In a city full of amazing restaurants, there's no need for us to give this one a third shot (unless we pass by and see that amazing bartender from the summer).Great food normally, but when I order the Pork Belly Benedict for brunch and pick it up, I would expect for pork belly to be in my meal when I get home. Next time use the right ingredients if there is a next time! Thanks!Friends took us for brunch here Sunday; it's one of their favorite places in the neighborhood. We liked the setting but were disappointed with both the service and food. We were seated inside and ignored for at least 10 minutes while all the wait staff seemed to be buzzing around outside. Once we had a waitperson, orders were taken efficiently. Our food arrived in an ok time period, at least for 3 of us. The 4th waited another 10 minutes. I could even see the plate placed up by the cook, then taken back, then put back up until finally served without apology for the wait. Should we have been informed that veggie burgers require considerably more time? Is there some sort of special process for slaughtering the beets? The fries served with this veggie burger were super greasy and flaccid--clearly undercooked in oil that wasn't hot enough. My otherwise fry-loving wife could barely touch them. The brioche roll wasn't exactly stale but had a musty smell. My Tex-Mex plato was ok with nicely poached eggs but with way too many soggy Chilaquiles. Maybe others like them this way but I found them inedible, all the more so for their number, taking up more than half the plate. Our friends were much happier with their pork belly Benedict and French Toast.Beware!
I had dinner at Hickory Lane on Tuesday evening and became very ill about two hours later. I had the cioppino. I called the restaurant warn them and hopefully avoid the possibility that other patrons might become ill. They apologized and took my phone number. I have yet to receive a call back.Seating outside is very uncomfortable, they could at least cushion the metal seats. I went during brunch and ordered the smoked salmon dish, it took a very long time for it to come out. When it finally arrived, it had a lovely side of hair on it. Potatoes also looked like they were bad before being cooked. Very disappointed with this place.I am not the type to write a negative review , but I feel like I'd be doing a disservice by not commenting. Hickory Lane is awful. Their food is not even mediocre. I give it two stars for its nice waitstaff, fine cocktails and pleasant interior. But their food is awful, truly 1 star. We recently had the pappardelle (misspelled on the menu) which was disgusting. Their warm chocolate cake was dry and actually kind of inedible (amazing for a dessert). Their tables had sad, dead red roses that must have been leftovers from Valentine's Day. Anyway, I hate to say it but I hope something better replaces Hickory Lane.Hickory Lane is a real hidden gem of the fairmount. 
I love that they are making little changes to make the place better and the efforts are definitely showing! I liked the place since it opened - very cute, cozy decor paired with delicious modern American cusine that is paralleled with friendly, attentive service. They have only gotten better over time with all the additional delicious offerings and refined drink list. I took my sister and her friend here for a weekend brunch and we were so blown away. I had four or five mimosas (quiet honestly, I lost count after a couple) that were all different flavored. Coffee was piping hot, bloody marys were SO delicious. Food....I just wanna thank the chef next time I'm in... not under the influence of flavored mimosas. The pork belly eggs benedict was as good as it sounded. The best!!! Service was flawless. Sarah, the friendly waitress, did not judge me for the amount of alcohol I got and actually brought everything to the table efficiently even though they were packed when we got there. 
Bottom line: if you haven't tried the place, you must! I can't wait for the warmer weather so I can sit out and enjoy the sun while grubbing on their steamed mussels.Just finishing up our first brunch here and I can't wait to return!! My husband and I both got the pork belly Benedict. DELICIOUS! Savory potatoes & peppers on the side (which I was unable to finish ) complemented the airy brioche and poached eggs, and that maple pork belly... oh. My. Goodness. Divine. I may dream about it for many nights to come. 
Decaf was good. Service was great.  the little touches like raw sugar lumps, pretty napkins, ultra clean/modern bathrooms, and wood slab tables just added to the ambiance. 
Loved it!This place was kind of loud. I realize that I live in a city yes but going for brunch was intense or maybe I am just getting old. 
Anyhow we ordered the Tex-Mex Plato and I had said while eating it, "this is the best thing I have ever eaten." Perhaps it was because I hadn't eaten all morning or the fact that I had never had a poached egg before but it was really amazing.
We also had the chocolate chip pancakes which melted in my mouth. 
Make reservations if you can when coming with a big group fyi.