My Husband and I came here for a light dinner before heading out to see a play.  We ordered the bread with 3 spreads which was good and then we had the angry crab spaghetti which I thought was really good.  I regret not being able to try more on the menu.   The service was great and I also really liked the atmosphere.   It's a small place and the kitchen is right there in the open with all the seating which I think is cool.  They also have some tables outside which if I were to come again I'd love to  sit out there and people watch.   In the yelp reviews it says this place is $$ but I think its more like $$$ at least for dinner.  We personally didn't spend much so we didn't get much but I could see it adding up.  If I ever wanted to splurge I'd do the $50 per person tasting menu which would be a lot of money for us but it would probably be worth it on a special occasion.The place is amazing! The bread, the service, the decoration! Love the pizza ns the grill cheese!We went to High Street on Market for brunch/lunch on a rainy Sunday and it was still packed!  It is a bright and airy inside although it was a little chilly near the front window (it seemed like the air conditioning was on even though it was dreary and cold outside- the vent was blowing cold air on us).  The host was very slow to bus the tables and reset them which lost a few minutes during our wait.  We had to wait about 20 minutes but it seems like tables turn over quickly.  It was a little awkward to stand along the side of the restaurant while waiting though and I felt like I was watching people eat.  
We ordered one brunch sandwich- pastrami, egg, hash browns, peppers on a poppyseed brioche, and one lunch sandwich- duck meatball sandwich.  
The brunch sandwich was excellent- the egg was perfectly fried and the saltiness of the pastrami was satisfying for brunch.  It was really fun to have a hash brown patty on the sandwich and have the potatoes along with everything else.  I did sort of wish there was some cheese or something on the sandwich and the portion of pastrami was a little meager.
The duck meatball sandwich was really outstanding.  The meatballs were so moist and tender and the duck was a fun twist on the classic.  The bread was super fresh and the cheese was perfectly melted.  The raw onions on top added a fresh tart flavor that I really liked.  There is also a rich smear of liver along the inside of the bread.  
The prices are reasonable for the quality of the dishes and the service was very attentive.  There were two jars on the table with pepper spreads which were pretty spicy but fun to try.  Definitely a pleasant, enjoyable brunch spot in Old City and I'm sure we'll be back!Love this place. Everything about this place!
Super nice staff, very knowledgeable, give excellent recommendation  and very fast.
We order the bread - cause its too tasty to resist  - all three types were delicious and the pairing spread were really good.
For appetizer we got the mushroom salad. I'm not a big mushroom fan, but this salad is nice.
For main course we ordered the Duck ragu pasta and the shaved lobster one - we ate in silence and finish our plates.. yes - that good!
Def will go back again and again and again!I stopped in here for a quick lunch while sight seeing around the city. I had a turkey sandwich...but it was the best turkey sandwich I ever had! The atmosphere was great, too. I highly recommend!Randomly stopped here while in Philly...and so glad that we did. The service was exceptional--everyone we encountered was incredibly knowledgable and friendly (but not too over the top). The food was really, really delicious. You should really try the daily breads. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the entrees. Highly recommend!Excellent food, unique menu and wonderful atmosphere. Took a little while to get food so if you are in a hurry, this isn't the place for you. But if you want an amazing breakfast it is well worth the wait. Can't wait to go back.WOW!!! this place is absolutely amazing. From the dinner rolls, crispy broccoli, and perrogies, to the whole Branzino. Even the dessert was beyond. Well done! And the service is smart and welcoming. Walking in a Friday night even:) Thanks so much from a foodie in LAA nice and cozy place with an open kitchen.
Long wait for a table!  I've been here twice. Each time, it feels like it's an hour wait. 
However, this place does make some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. MY favorite is their grill cheese sandwich. By far, one of the top 3 places in philly to make it. It fills with ooey-gooey goodness. 
Just to be fair to the other sandwiches, I have also tried their Roast Pork sandwich and Grill Eggplant sandwich. I like that each sandwiches come with a roasted long hot pepper. It's also a plus that they have good pickled condiments on the side. 
Although i hate the wait, i'll definitely come back again.Delicious, creative and really great, warm service. Four of us ordered the chefs tasting menu, you don't know what you will get, which is kinda fun. The food just kept coming and every course was better than the next. Living in NYC we have no shortage of great places to eat and High rivals most of them! 
It was really a treat to dine there and look forward to another visit next time I'm in philly.We made a reservation for 7:30 on a Sunday night. The restaurant wasnt crowded and we waited for a while on the server to take a drink order. He asked for a meal order and we ordered 2 appetizers and said we'd wait before placing the dinner order so that we could enjoy our drinks. He sent the manager over who awkwardly asked if we'd be ordering food and then insisted upon taking the order --. It's like they assumed we were just taking up a table. We had fully intended to order a full dinner and ended up dropping over $160 on a meal for two. The entire meal we felt uncomfortable and judged. The server never really came back to our table and instead the manager became our server. It was so weird. We were never rude or mean. We didn't even really say anything. It was one of the most uncomfortable dining experiences. I have no clue what actually happened but the staff here certainly knows how to make you feel very uncomfortable while you are spending plenty of money for their food.Maintaining quality and passion under intense media scrutiny?  I don't think I could - but High Street does!  A recent visit prompted in part by the recent Bon Apetit accolade  (#2 best restaurant!) reinforced my appreciation for the creativity, the careful preparation, and the amazingly innovative tastes.  And, let's not forget the bread, the amazing bread...The mushroom salad was earthy, full of a variety of locally sourced mushrooms, and enhanced with the deep yellow yolk of the farm fresh egg that I whisked into the salad - heavenly!  The servings are not huge, which means you can share and enjoy a variety of them, and leave room for some interesting desserts - you'll not find super rich conventional desserts here - instead, a plum trifle that was sweetly tartly delicious, and the smokey milk chocolate mousse - perfect to top off a slow food dinner, eating outside, wanting to tell passersby - "stop here! You'll love it!"  Next time, breakfast?Fantastic lunch. Of the sandwiches, I have tried the pastrami, the eggplant, and the grilled cheese. The first two were amazing. No question. The grilled cheese didn't do it for me; however, it gets rave reviews. Perhaps I need to revisit.First visit for the Best Of Philly Breakfast Sandwich - Pastrami and Hash. It tasted like hash on a bun and for $12 I was very disappointed. It sounds much better than it actually is and I have no idea how Philly mag rated this best breakfast sandwich. Perhaps it just wasn't prepared well that day...but at $12...really? I've had way better. Will give this place more tries and update my review...I get asked a lot for restaurant recommendations.  After awhile, I feel like a broken record, always suggesting the same places.  I'm happy to say that after my fabulous meal at High Street on Market, I finally have a great place to recommend to my foodie family and friends.
So why 5 stars?  High Street on Market is just an overall great dining experience.  The restaurant itself is casual, yet classy.  It is a very comfortable space- like sitting in the dining room/living room of a friend who has really good taste.  I especially like the open kitchen-   it really makes you feel like you are at someone's house.
Service was impeccable, cocktails were amazing (I had some sort of spicy grapefruit margarita- whatever it was, it worked!) and the food... well, the food was absolutely delicious.  They offer a $50 tasting menu.  This would be an EXCELLENT place for a group dinner- it's definitely in the back of my mind for future group outing.  This visit, however, my husband and I decided to just order a few dishes, since we weren't too sure about the portion sizes.  We tried:
crispy broccoli- really simple dish of lightly fried broccoli with a spicy/tangy cabbage-like garnish.    
brussel sprouts-  I order brussel sprouts EVERYWHERE and I have to say this was one of my favorite versions I've ever had in Philly.  The secret was dollops of creamy goat cheese- wow!
charcoal grilled squid- I really liked this dish (although it could have been a tad bigger).  I didn't realize it was served with roasted cauliflower- that really made the dish spectacular.
angry crab spaghetti- this was probably my least favorite dish, but I still thought it was excellent.  A bit on the spicier side with lots of crab (some reviewers said they didn't get a ton-- I thought it was the perfect amount)
pumpkin tortellini- my favorite dish of the night... well maybe tied with those sprouts.  The homemade pasta melts in your mouth and the creamy pumpkin filling and sauce on top... amazing!
Overall, I thought the price was just right for the quality of food.  Prices are on the higher side but you get what you pay for here.  I really loved my meal here and will continue to recommend it to everyone I know who loves a great meal!I came here for lunch with my wife and 8 year old daughter. It took a minute to get seated but the service was very friendly. We got drinks quickly and they have a small but good beer/wine list. We each had a sandwich and side including the pastrami in rye, the ultimate grilled cheese, and the gobagoo with potato salad, Sicilian cauliflower, and giardiniera. The portions were very large and we each took a half sandwich home. The sides are served first like an appetizer. The sides were all interesting and mad complex flavoring. The potato salad had slivers of celery and cornichon for an interesting crunch. The capers and currents in the cauliflower added a slightly sweet/briney flavor that complemented the roasted veggies well. The giardiniera was bright and included fennel for an interesting twist. The pastrami sandwich was huge with thick slices of tender, smoky, salty beef. Excellent. The grilled cheese was rich with generous amounts of melty cheddar on thick potato bread. The gabagoo was the least interesting item but the semolina bread had a great chew and the meats were great. It took a bit to get our check and have our food wrapped to go but everyone was very friendly on the way out. Very good experience and a great lunch spot.Just had lunch here.  So so SO delicious!  Had the Cauliflower Soup with Charred Leeks and Curry oil... and as if that wasn't yummy enough... shared a slice of the roman style pizza of the day (today's:  goat cheese, caramelized onions and brussels sprouts) and for a side roasted beets with feta.  OMG that was so good!I had the ginger yogurt with fruit and nuts. It was positively amazing. My husband had a breakfast sandwich that he enjoyed very much. The service was outstanding. The coffee was rich and strong and good enough to drink black. We also bought a loaf of rye bread that still tastes delicious 5 days later. Everything was very clean.The pastrami sandwich was ENORMOUS and well worth the money. I also tried the duck meatball sandwich and I would definitely order it next time. In general, I thought the menu was priced pretty high for most items, and the service was a bit slow for the small number of tables inside.The angry crab spaghetti was amazing. The beef ribs were so tender we were tempted to order more! Great service, great atmosphere. Thumbs up!Had a great lunch there - it's very small so be prepared to wait for a table.  We also waited a bit longer then we should have for our meals.  Now to the good stuff... loved the freshness of everything.  The bread was exceptional (fresh also).  I had an avocado toast with just the right hint of spices served with a side salad.  Another in my party had the fruit:cream to start and the pork sandwich which was a generous portion.  Another had the mushroom, egg sandwich-another winner.  The area is like most of the city a mix of old and new.Ordered the pastrami hash sandwhich, really enjoyed it. Also had the Italian Market, nice breakfast spread. The coffee was just okay and the bloody marys were pretty good.  Nice quaint  joint.Excellent restaurant in downtown Philly. A small, curated menu that is excellent at both lunch and dinner. I definitely will be coming back.My coworker and I visited this restaurant for lunch today, and it was pretty cool. Nice atmosphere, great service, good food. I had the eggplant sandwich on potato bread, and it was pretty tasty. He had the duck meatball sandwich, and it was a little messy, but he said it was good, although he thought the bread was a little hard. They serve their sandwiches with a roasted long hot pepper...I didn't think they went with the sandwiches, but it was a nice touch. Better were the sweet and spicy peppers and garlic in the little jar on the table...I think I may have cleaned out the whole jar! The coffee was good, too. I would consider buying this coffee and making it at home. My only complaint would be that they do not offer more of a selection of breads to get your sandwiches on. I am not a fan of white bread; especially seeded white bread, and the waitress informed me that the only other viable sandwich option would be the potato bread due to the size of the other slices. Man, I really wanted to try the "Ancient Grain" or the "Buckwheat Cherry". Ah well, I guess I can try them with brunch one day! (Which means I would definitely return).Stopped here for breakfast before work one morning. Had the pastrami breakfast sandwich. It was the greasiest sandwich I have ever had. The bottom slice of bread was SOAKED in grease. If you're gonna soak bread in fat, at least use butter. Couldn't finish the sandwich. The portion i did eat, sat in my stomach all day and I had that disgusted, ate so much grease feeling the rest of the day that I didn't even eat anything else.Came here for breakfast the other day and was blown away.  High street provides a much needed change from the Philly brunch scene.  I ordered the pastrami and hash breakfast sandwich, which was amazing.  I also had a taste of the yogurt and granola, which absolutely blew my mind.  The combination of ginger, honey, and pistachio gave the dish a delectable taste and texture.  The decor is perfect for old city and I love that I can sit and watch my dishes being prepared while I wait.  Come here if you want to see not just creativity, but creativity executed extremely  well.I stopped in for lunch last weekend with my husband and a friend who was visiting from out of town. The atmosphere was great as was the service. I went with their version of a grilled cheese and it was absolutely divine, we will definitely be returning! Oh- and the food presentation is amazing too!Amazing service and food!  
Our server was great at explaining the items - we were so impressed that we let her pick the meal for each of us.
I ended up with the turkey sandwich, my son had the grilled cheese, and hubby had a forester egg sandwich (vegetarian).  The forester was the best of the 3.  Grilled cheese was yummy not beat in the world a claimed and the turkey was really good too - a little kick to it that I wasn't expecting.  Each sandwich also came with a giant hot pepper on the side.  Not our thing but super cool if it is.
3 sides for $10 was a great deal - we got breakfast potatoes, potato salad and asparagus.
We all cleaned our plates and can't wait to go back!Charming space & staff with a simple but creative menu makes for a great place for lunch with a friend!FABULOUS. Best meal I've had in a long time. The cocktails were elegant and perfect. Each dish was perfection. We had the mushrooms with eggs - devine, gnnochi - amazing, desert - incredible. Service was great. The space was beautiful. They serve nearly every dish in beautiful wood bowls. Do yourself a favor and go there.Went here for a breakfast meeting for work and had a lovely experience.
Service: perfect balance of attentive but not overbearing 
Ambiance: hip and rustic but not overly hipster. Was hard to place the crowd so can't really describe it.
Food: The food was incredibly flavorful and plating was cute, only downside was that it was really oily--like 3 napkins for one breakfast sandwich. Really it's my only complaint, otherwise food and coffee was on point.Pretty busy brunch spot with an outdoor seating area. May have to wait for a table during busier times. Offers beer and cocktails for a boozy breakfast. Great selection of bakery offerings and the drip coffee tastes pretty good. Most famous offering, The Pastrami and Hash, was a little light on pastrami and just right on hash. Very flavorful creation and very filling as well.I was really really impressed with High Street on Market. 
I've been to Fork a few times, and love the food there, so I was really excited to see High Street on the list for restaurant week. 
I've done restaurant week many times, but I think this was my best experience. The service was wonderful - our waitress was really phenomenal. She was really knowledgable about the menu and gave great recommendations. She was very attentive and friendly. 
The restaurant week menu was very generous - you picked 2 of the smaller dishes and 1 large dish per person, which made it really easy to sample lots of different things. Some of the food highlights included: 
The mushroom salad - a whole variety of mushrooms cooked in all different ways with eggplant and an egg on top. My friend loved it so much, he wanted to drink out of the bowl. 
Beef and Broccoli - it doesn't sound that impressive from the name, but this was just a beautifully simple and delicious dish. The beef was so tender, it just fell apart. There was a nice broccoli puree and an assortment of vegetables that just went perfectly together. 
I definitely plan on coming back for lunch sometime!The food here was okay, but I'm not sure that it was worth the price. Also, had an issue with the staff. We were greeted by one waitress, then someone else came to take our order. I ordered a coffee with my meal, and the coffee never came. Then a 3rd person came to drop off our meals, so I then asked her for the coffee. We were not checked on at all during the duration of our meal. When we got the check, I noticed we were charged for 2 coffees. Since 3 different people had come over to the table, I couldn't even tell who was supposed to be waiting on us. Overall, it wasn't the best experience and I probably won't be returning.I was really excited to try out High Street on Market, and the dining experience didn't disappoint. I came with my friends for Restaurant Week. The place is a little smaller than I thought, but cozy enough to enjoy a casual candlelit dinner.
I ordered the winter greens salad, simply grilled fish, and blood orange mousse (garnished with blood orange slices, rye shortbread crumbs, and farmer's cheese). I also had a few bites of my friend's crispy broccoli and the chocolate maple tart. I loved most of the food that came to our table, especially the fish, because it was grilled to flaky perfection. I have to say, though, that the winter greens salad wasn't my favorite. I thought the ham in this dish was way too salty, and the greens were super bitter. 
Next time, I plan on coming back for their regular menu. Updates to follow once that happens :)I was excited to get a table for 8 on a Saturday morning at 10 AM.  Our waitress was lovely, attentive and gave good recommendations.  The music was pretty loud when we came in, and we asked if it could be turned down so our dad could hear, and they did right away.  They could not have been friendlier. 
I had a decaf latte with half and half, which was delicious.  We started with a tea cake and a cream puff, and I wasn't impressed with either.  The tea cake had a baking soda flavor to it that I didn't like.  And the cream puff was like a lead ball - the chocolate cream was like frosting, not light cream puff filling.  And the puff was pretty dense.  Guess that is what I should have expected from a baker (instead of pastry maker).  My egg platter with salami, broccoli, and coppa was good. I liked the little fried potato bites that come on the side.  Bites of other people's sandwiches were also good.  I'd go back to try other dishes (though don't be gluten free in this place, you won't be able to order much!)My visit to High Street for Winter 2017 Restaurant Week was very enjoyable. The space is small, rustic and cozy. The staff, especially our server Jake, was extremely friendly and personable. Jake did a great job of explaining the menu and the details of each dish.
We started with the daily breads and spreads which were flavorful and unique. For my first course I got the Kennett Square Mushrooms.  This was also unique and full of flavor. I had the cauliflower caramelle for my main and while this was good it was a tad rich for my personal taste. I also had a chance to taste the crispy broccoli which I really enjoyed. I finished with a chocolate shortbread pudding that was offered for restaurant week. We were also served a complimentary dish of butternut squash hummus. Yum! 
If you enjoy strong flavor profiles and interesting flavor combinations then try High Street.
Glad I visited and hope to return for brunch and pastries some time soon!Heard tons of hype about HSOM, i was not amazed until I went:
-Mushroom: a seasonal mix of several exotic mushrooms (shiitakes, oyster..), sunny side-up egg, unique combinations but extraordinary turnout. 
-Rainbow trout: Satisfied my craving for seasonal veggies and trout!! Take me to the sea already. The trout was crispy on the edge and tender on the inside
-Kale chips: what a cool idea to use nutritional yeast for cheese?! not only it's a healthier option, the light texture also creates a different experience in your mouth. 
Under Ellen Yin's innovative leadership, her restaurants are going stronger than ever. My prayers and thoughts are dedicated to Chef Eli Kulp and hope for a better recovery progress.I've been wanting to go to High Street on Market for a long time so I had high expectations which were mostly met. The service was perfect. The ambiance was very good - somewhat casual with a nice open kitchen where you can see the chefs working. The food was the kind of food that makes you think and feel. The aromas and tastes definitely were bringing back a lot of memories for me. That said the food still needed a bit of editing - the ideas are all there but the execution was a little overdone to my palate. 
1)Bread plate with spreads -all three breads were great. The eggplant spread was nicely earthy with a smooth texture, the apple butter was delicious, and my husband really liked the carrot spread. Overall a very interesting plate
2)Broccoli - tempura fried to perfection with seasoning. my favorite dish
3) Duck carbonara - too salty, not enough sauce, too many crispy things on top, the pasta was delicious
4) Spicey crab pasta - just overdone. the balance of flavors was just not quite there - i could taste the spicey and the acid and the salty but it was too bold if theres such a thing, just not really enjoyable after a few bites
5) Mackerel on toast - perfect. lots of memories. sunday morning breakfast taken to an elegant refined finish.
Doorside cookies were great, didnt try the deserts or drinks
So overall their breads and pastas were really excellent, and their sauces needed some editing.  Will definitely be back even if just by myself to have the broccoli and the mackerel (although I really do want to try the rest of their menu)Went here for breakfast last week and ordered the Italian Market Breakfast... OMG. Probably the best breakfast meal I've ever had (and I love breakfast). Eggs made over-meadium with bologna that tasted like salami and a spicy coppa. They managed to make the broccoli rabe with some chili powder and garlic to give it some heat and honestly it was the best part. The potatoes also had their own flare and it all worked together brilliantly. The place is quaint and has it's own simple, rustic but modern vibe. The coffee was good as well. They had some newspapers free for the taking which is a plus also. Service was very polite and simple. I would eat here every day if I could. Amazing.What a fantastic (and fun) cafe. We dined here for lunch after visiting the liberty bell. The service was outstanding. Jake was our server and he made the experience one-of-a-kind and very personalized. We loved the house bread (especially the ANADAMA!). The salads and sandwiches were unique and tasty. Also liked the sour cream ice cream, paired with epspresso. Everything is made fresh and with high quality ingredients. Money and time well spent. Will be back.Obsessed! We loved this place so much that we went twice during a three day trip to philly. It was fortunately very close to our hotel and to all of the historical tourist destinations in the old city. 
High Street on Market is exactly what every small sidewalk restaurant aspires to be! The food was excellent, the space was lovely and open, and the waiters were warm, friendly and knowledgeable. What drew us back was the menu, which was creative and fresh. They clearly focus on high quality food and a good experience. 
What we ordered:
Breakfast:
The Forager: We're vegetarian and it was really nice to have a great vegetarian sandwich option. The mushroom, kale and egg sandwich was perfectly seasoned and served in a soft poppy seed bun. Excellent breakfast sandwich.
House made ginger yogurt: good but it would've been nice to have a little more ginger flavor and a little more honey. 
Coffee almond date cake: we luckily got one fresh out of the oven. (Apparently they make their pastries throughout the morning.) very soft, not too sweet. We took one to go on our second visit because we liked it so much.
Caffeine: cappuccino was great, coffee was ok
Lunch:
Potato leek soup: according to my husband, "best potato leek soup ever." Exceptional flavor. Crunchy potato skins on top were a great touch. Enough for two to share. They split it into two bowls so that we could share easily.
Best grilled cheese ever: fantastic, loved the potato bread. Cheese was perfect. I LOVED this with the condiment at the table (chow chow). Excellent, very cheesy, very filling. 
Special mention: chow chow... I've never heard of this before but this was one of the condiments at the table (red stuff in jar). So good! Not too spicy, perfect on the sandwich. Addictive!
Great restaurant with excellent vegetarian options. Can't wait to go back for dinner.Excellent! Great food, coffee, bread, service. I've gone here many times for brunch. Order one of the breakfast sandwiches, you won't be disappointed. The bread and sauces are made in house (fresh as can be).High Street on Market is definitely unique! Some dishes were a lot better than others. A few dishes were a little disappointing. The daily bread appetizer was great and definitely worth it! The mushroom appetizer was AMAZING!!! One of the best things I have ever had. I would skip the broccoli appetizer because it wasn't special. The angry crab pasta was good. The pumpkin pasta was interesting. I don't think I would order it again. While it was unique and I can't say I have ever had anything like that, I found the smokiness overwhelming. I was nervous to try the sunchoke dessert sbut it was REALLY good! I want to try their brunch menu next.This could be the best roast pork sandwich in Philadelphia.  High Street's version of this Philadelphia classic features a bounty of slow roasted pork piled high on a house baked sesame seed baguette that had just the right chew to crunch ratio.  The sandwich is brought full circle with the house made kimchi-styled broccoli rabe and aged sharp provolone.  You'll get more sandwich for less money at DiNic's or John's, but you'll be able to taste where your money goes in High Street's version.  It's simply a better sandwich because of its superior ingredients.I went on a first date here for dinner this past Saturday night and it definitely earned it's place as "No. 2 best new restaurant of 2014 in the United States" by Bon Appétit magazine.  
We did the "Leave it to Us" menu, asking specifically that they include the Green Tea Garganelli and the Angry Crab Spaghetti and they did not disappoint.
One side-note though... make sure you tell them several times if you have any serious allergies.  My date had an allergy to nuts and, despite telling the waiter about this at the beginning of the meal, he kept delivering things with nuts in it without warning her.  When dessert came, it was one of their house-made ice creams piled high with nuts.  When we reminded him of the nut issue, he apologized... and took the dessert away.  It would have been a nice gesture on the part of a restaurant of that distinction to have at least have come back with a replacement dish of ice cream, without the nuts.  But apparently, that wasn't part of the "Leave it to Us" menu.  
Other than that, a top-notch restaurant.I went in not knowing anything about this restaurant (I trust my wife's restaurant picking skills), but I was very impressed.  The decor was so pleasant and understated, and I enjoyed how closely integrated the kitchen was with the dining area.
I have to commend how great the staff was, especially the hostess.  She was extremely kind, attentive, and knowledgeable.  The entire staff was excellent.  
The food was delicious, creative, and flavorful.  The prices seemed appropriate, if only the portions had been slightly larger.  Our table of 3 decided to share all of our courses, and we ordered 4 appetizers and 2 pastas.  Unfortunately, that wasn't enough to satisfy the whole table, so we had to order a third pasta later in the meal (This would be the reason I deducted one star).  That came to be just the right amount of food, but it sure ended up being pricey.
We all enjoyed the meal a lot, and we will likely be back.  Hopefully, we will give the 8-course tasting a try next time.Let me start of by saying we didn't actually eat here. We just waited 50 minutes to walk out. I wouldn't give these pretentious people a nickel. 30 minute into waiting a group of 3 walks in, we are 2 and is seatd right away. Sorry she says they were 3, I know you have been waiting. Really. So 10 more minutes roll by and another 4 top opens up and we are still not seated. We wait another 10 minutes and finally a 2 top opens up. 
First thing out of the servers mouth, we are out of the potato leek soup. Its my wife's birthday and we came here for the soup. Well we haven't had it all day. 
It's the ONLY soup on your menu. If you aren't going to make it take if off your freaking menu. 
Walked out.The hostess was horribly rude. We went up to her to give our name and she said "one moment". Twenty minutes of waiting awkwardly at the front of the line later, we approach her again, and she tells us to put our name on the waitlist and so we did. She said we'd get a text in 15 minutes. So more waiting, that we could've probably avoided if she would've actually attended to us 30 minutes ago. We went outside and never received a text, and we never went back. Nasty.Wow, first time in Philly, just staying the night and ate at high street on market. Couldn't have been happier, pretty much ordered the menu! And the cherry on top, our waitress was top notch and knew all about her wine, which is always niceohhh so fabuloso~!!
yea i read some reviews before coming here ... yea i already knew what i wanted before i sat down... was it still a surprise when i ate it? YES!! 
similar to many reviews here, this was the one good memorable meal ive had in a long while!
to cut to the chase, i highly recommend the angry crab pasta! i came for restaurant week and that was not on the menu.. but they allowed me to substitute that in for an additional $5.  i was sold! and honestly, well worth it! crab pasta has always been one of my favorites and probably due to the supply of crab and the complexity of the dish, it's not available at many places.  i was blown away~! and it was EXACTLY what i was looking for!  if i have to compare, i would say this is very similar to the ai fiori one in NYC.  they aren't the same-- but very similar.  the only thing that would make it even more enjoyable for me is if they put a small slice of lemon on the side-- idk why but i just had the feeling a bit of citrus would add an extra zinger to the dish.
bottomline.. i CANNOT WAIT! to return to high street! everything was delicious! if you're looking for a meal bursting with flavors-- this is your spot!My boyfriend and I had a late lunch there yesterday.  It's a great spot, well done, inviting and comfortable.  Our server, John promptly greeted us, was friendly and made us feel at home.  The menu has something for everyone without being overwhelmingly large.
My lunch was perfect and delicious, but my boyfriend's food didn't come out as expected.  John and his manager were right there to resolve the issue.  His dish was remade and delivered in record time.  They couldn't have done more and went way above and beyond to to make it right. 
Great experience for both of us and we'll definitely recommend High Street on Market to family and friends.  We'll be back too - there's plenty more on the menu I want to try!If you are interested in a traditionally heavy breakfast, STOP. This is not the place for you. The food is anything but commonplace, rather it is creative. The food is anything but heavy, rather it is light. It's seasonally fresh and delicious. My husband searched the menu for the classic he-man fare of three scrambled eggs, served with a rasher of bacon and hash browns. Ha! Not to be found. He settled for baked oatmeal topped with crunchy granola and fruit compote.  "Wonderful", he said. I enjoyed grilled stone fruit with ricotta and buckwheat.  Good way to start the day!Dinner is share style. Not a huge menu but everything was fantastic. The favorites were the duck/mushroom pasta, cauliflower pasta and the crispy broccoli. The Hummus was flavorful and the chicken for 2 were also really good. Almost all the items came with bread. Staff were friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Absolutely will be back.It one of those places where you never know what to get because everything is well outside your idea of breakfast/lunch. "It's pickle encrusted scrambled quail eggs with homemade organic Yak pear butter served on a piece of marble." 
It was quite pricey. 
Beyond that not much else to mention.
One more thing: the toast isn't worth it, just go buy a loaf of bread and some butter and do it yourself.The tasting menu was superb. Any negative reviews are wrong and the waitstaff was super friendly and nice. No one was rude at all. Excellent inventive delicious food and wine. Must try!!gets very busy during the noon lunch hr, come later. duck meatball sub was good, surprisingly not dry at all. they do have a limited bar with good choices so have a drink with your sandwich.Only take one order of pasta and get a few dishes to share would be the best combination.
They offer limited choices for desserts, but all of the are fantastic. Ice cream contains brownie and special made fruits. 
Turffie is similar with tiramisu, and you wont regret to try that one.
A great place to have tasty foods but a not heavy dinner.3 stars for sandwiches, +1 star for amazing potato salad and finally +1 star for awesome personalities, at least the people I spoke to :)
I can't help but rank it at 5 stars with those points. 
Grilled eggplant sandwich rocked. Great, straightforward flavor wrapped in great sesame bread. I didn't get to taste the duck meatball sandwich but it sure looked amazing. The potato salad name is misleading because it's so much more. Perfectly cooked fingerling potatoes with celery, mustard seeds and horseradish. There's much more there that I can't pick up because my palate isn't that tuned but this potato salad is effing amazing :)
With numerous joints like this around town I can't help but loudly profess, "I love you Philly!"Food was good. Room was ok. Nothing spectacular.  9:15 reservation. Not seated until 10:15. Most of the menu was sold out.This is probably the best breakfast sandwich (The Forager) that I have ever had. It inspired me to write this Yelp review, which I don't often do. The atmosphere is very comfortable and food centric. Appreciated the focus on local and natural ingredients. Our server, Melissa, made the experience great. Highly recommended!Thanks for my super foodie visitor from Australia who found this place. The food is really good! We stopped by here in the mid afternoon for some breakfast sandwiches and salad. We ordered the Forager sandwich, the ancient grains salad, and the pastrami hash sandwich. We also tried some dates coffee cake. Everything was great! and the price is super reasonable, for this part of Philadelphia. The place is smaller. I can see it getting extremely busy during normal breakfast/lunch/dinner hours. The decor at this place is also super cool!!High Street on Market was recently named the 2nd "Best New Restaurant" by Bon Appetit magazine. My awesome husband took me there to celebrate my 34th birthday a couple weeks ago and we opted for the "Leave it to Us" tasting menu which consists of 8 shared plates for the table. 
What a fantastic meal! A copious amount of food, including a sampling of their famous bread, along with a nice warm ambience and great service. I love the new look of High Street (formerly Fork, etc), with the open area kitchen. 
Here's what we had:
+Potted Shrimps, whipped foie, nutmeg, shrimp toasts
+Fried Zucchini, crispy zucchini & summer squash, spicy chow chow
+Daily Breads + house made spreads
+Charcoal Grilled Squid & Corn Salad, summer corn, coriander, purslane
+Squash & Basil Tortelloni, ricotta, smoked jowl, summer vegetable ragu
+Caraway Rye Rigatoni, pastrami ragu, Gulden's mustard
+Grilled Arctic Char, smoked hazlenut puree, black trumpets, charred red onions
+Lebanon County Peach, cornmeal pound cake, buttermilk, red popcorn
I must say the potted shrimp opener, the pastrami pasta and the bread course were by far my favorites. But seriously everything was delicious, no joke! Cannot wait to go there again, this time for lunch as I hear the sandwiches are amazing.
I took pictures of most of the courses and you can check those out here : http://faregame.tumblr.com/post/98424660950/high-street-on-market-was-recently-named-the-2ndThe food is great but the menu descriptions don't do it justice. From the broccoli to the salads to pastas and other mains, the food was fresh and the flavors were well crafted. Plus the local beers added to the meal. Definitely recommend.Was walking by looking for a decent spot for a solo dinner when I saw this quiet little place and decided to give it a go. What a delightful idea that ended up being. The staff were the most polite, interactive, and full of personality employees one could hope for. The owner/manager has made some great decisions in that realm. I opted for the price fix option since I wanted to try more than just one or two plates from that diverse menu. I can honestly say I was overwhelmed by the amount of food brought out to me to enjoy. 10 plates of various dishes, mostly items not featured on the menu, and all were home runs. Do yourself a favor, grab a friend, date, or just come solo like I did. But do it soon before word gets out about how fantastic the price fix option is and then there will be reservations required and all that jazz. Needless to say, I am a fan and I will definitely be returning here again.Great food, service, environment, quality. I love everything about High Street on Market!Amen! There is no place better in the world for sandwiches than Philly, and High Street on Market is my newest place of worship. 
Stuck in meeting room hell all morning, I needed to get away from the paper-pushing zombies. Of course I had heard of HS on Market before, but wasn't sure if it would be too crowded for a bite at noon. It was pleasantly bustling, no lines out the door. (Quick tip: Don't blindly head through the apartment building door on the right; HS's door is well-marked and on the left, closer to 2nd Street).
I planned on ordering the Pastrami on Rye, and wasn't dissuaded even though the salads and pizzas looked enticing enough. After ordering take out at the register, it took only about ten minutes for my food to arrive.  
On appearance alone I knew this was going to be awesome. Thick layers of kraut, country mustard and dressing between two dense and chewy slices of rye surrounded a heaping portion of pastrami. There were bits of fatty deliciousness offset by nice charring on the meat. Once you dive in, the textures and flavors come together in a seamless bite of heaven. It reminded me of a Primanti Bros. sandwich in terms of size, but more like DiNic's in mouth-watering savoriness. 
I headed back for more power point presentations knowing that at least i had won lunch.My wife and I were in Philly for a day and this place was near our hotel so we stopped in for breakfast.  We had a mixed experience.  The atmosphere of the place is really nice.  It's cozy, clean, warmly lit, and full of dark wood.  The breakfast menu consists of a few sandwich and bagel options, an Italian breakfast plate, yogurt, granola, and one or two other options.  My wife ordered the Italian breakfast plate, which consisted of scrambled eggs, sliced meat, peppers, old bay seasoned potatoes, and toast.  She really enjoyed it.  I had some of the potatoes and found them to be very tasty, especially when dipped in the garlic aioli accompanying the dish.  I had an everything bagel with tomatoes, capers, onions, and cream cheese.  It was pretty good.  I wasn't a big fan of the fennel seeds on the bagel, but that's a personal preference. 
On the other side of things, the service was pretty slow and the hot chocolate was lame.  Our server took a long time to take our food order even though the place was half empty.  He also first took the orders of some patrons who came in after us, which was slightly annoying.  We ordered coffee and hot chocolate right when we entered, but it took quite a while for it to be finally delivered to our table.  The hot chocolate (coming in at an expensive $4 a cup) was also really disappointing.  It was essentially steamed milk with a brown tint to it.  The chocolate flavor was almost undetectable. 
Overall, this place has a lot going for it and maybe the slow service was just an aberration.  I would definitely consider coming back here the next time I'm in Philly, but I really hope their hot chocolate game has improved by then.High Street on Market was a birthday dinner for me and it definitely met expectations.
Walking into this restaurant I immediately got a cafe slash home cooking feel.  There probably seating for 40-50 people total and in the back of the restaurant is and entirely exposed kitchen area.  I was in a party of three and we ate family style to try a bunch of the plates.  
We started with the potted shrimps which were quite tasty.  The brussel sprouts were also good as the goats yogurt contrasted the salt and bitter of the greens.  After that came the housemade bread, super soft slices paired with an excellent bean-based spread.
Next were two pasta dishes.  The angry crab spaghetti was a fun dish, getting heat from the old bay to match the tender pieces of crab.  The green tea lasagna was also a tasty savory take on lasagna with its smoked duck ragu.  The ragu coupled with the incorporation of three cheeses made this an almost too salty dish.
For entrees we shared the fried rabbit and the blackened lamb.  The rabbit had a healthy amount of batter on it but it complemented the meat well; unfortunately, this dish was upstaged by the star of the night, the lamb.  Tender and significantly fatty (afterwards our waiter mentioned it was lamb shoulder) with a perfect char that locked in all the flavor, the lamb was the perfect finale to the meal.
I would highly recommend this restaurant.  I see fellow yelpers are lukewarm on the tasting menu but I think we did it right - we were able to get 7 dishes (6 plus bread) of exactly what thought sounded good and every dish met or exceeded expectations.  Our bill was cheaper than the tasting menu too.  I can definitely vouch for a la carte and would even encourage those unimpressed by the tasting menu to try again.What a pleasant new addition to the East Market scene - this reinvention of the Fork etc. space.  My wife had the roasted turkey sandwich.  I had the roasted pork.  Both clever reinventions of Philly classics (who knew you could ferment broccoli rabe).  Having lunch (not brunch) on a weekend in the Old City area is tough if you don't want fast food (although Campo's is one of my faves).  Nice to have a good alternative.  I will almost want to skip breakfast at home to have one of their breakfast sandwiches on the way to the el.
Kudos Ellen, Eli, Roberto.We were looking for a good cup of coffee and something small to eat a 3pm, July 4th in the old town in Phili and found this place with Yelp. Nice small spot with a fine interior (wood). My wife took just a Cappuccino my kids the eggplant sandwich and I took the cheese sandwich. They make their own bread fresh - so the sandwiches are great but more upscaled price-wise. Service was very friendly and fast. Definitely a good spot to go for a break time snack.It seems like many people love this place and you will like it too if these characteristics appeal to you: This is based on my brunch experience.
- if you like words to describe your food that you have no idea what they mean: "meadow young swiss" huh? "black trumpet mayo" again, huh? "Gabagool" and "Coppa", double huh?! It's sort of a cute twist to describe food with words no one knows, not even the server, but it's a bit much.
- if you like sandwhiches with excessive bread and not much protein in the middle
- if you like food drowning in oil and very greasy. 
- if you like heavy food and feeling full but not satisfied; to wear spandex pants for an expanding waistline and not trying to lead a healthy lifestyle in terms of what you eat.
I did not try their salads and I wish I did, perhaps I would have felt better reviewing this. I was excited to go but I felt like everything I ordered was laden in some sort of oil or butter. It takes work to make great food with minimal ingredients. This place is more focused on loading up the fat, and the bread for maximum carbohydrates which is what everyone likes.Couple friends and I came to this little restaurant for a birthday dinner. We thought it would be nice to go because of the tapas style dinner. 
One thing I must say is that because it's a tapas style, we understood that a lot must be ordered for 6 people. However, all of our friends were shocked at how expensive each dish was so as broke college students we ordered about 7 dishes. 
The food itself was a hit or a miss for some people and for me, the flavors were either very strong (extremely salty) or very bland.
I wish I had a better review for this place because the ambiance was beautiful and the servers were very nice.Why I waited for a rainy day when I was too lazy to walk more than .2 miles for brunch to go here is nuts.  I will probably never forgive myself.  Thank you lovely Fork people for putting this fantastic array of scrumptious  yumminess so close to me!  I will never neglect you as a top brunch option again!
I was most excited about the duck meatball sandwich before coming here.  It was extremely yummy, but it was the pastrami & hash that blew me away (try to come here when you can choose from the breakfast and lunch menu - after 11:30 am.  Yes, you will be overwhelmed with the amount of decadent options to choose from, but you won't regret having a sampling from each).  It's a must.
Also, don't forget to have a healthy portion of the condiments they put on your table.  Their (I think they called it) Chow Chow is super tasty.  Kind of like kimchi, but with even more veggies, a little less spice and no fishy taste.  The sweet peppers also hit the spot.  Don't worry if you don't have anything to spread either on.  Just eat them straight from the jar.  I won't judge.
Pastries, I will be back for you.  You looked waaaay too good for me not to indulge in.  Next time.Disappointing and sad.  This used to be the place to go for the best breakfast sandwiches in the city, but not anymore.  Just had a sandwich that was 90% bread, no long hot pepper (which had been the signature feature), and the "jalapeno"  sauce was little more than water with a green tint.  I was curious as to why our waitress didn't ask if we enjoyed our meal, now I understand why.  I hope this once fine establishment can find itself again, for the moment they are lost.I ordered the forager breakfast sandwich. Everything tastes delicious and fresh. You can tell that this place values food and where it comes from. I would definitely go back again!Mmmm the bread! Clearly these people are enjoying the creation of beautiful food and offering it up with pride to customers. The staff act like they are owners with natural friendliness and responsiveness. The food was not your usual fare and really good. I can't wait to go back. Good vibes all around in this place.I dug this place. Went for lunch, we got the duck meatball sandwhich and the pastrami on rye. Pastrami was pretty good, very filling. The liver and onion spread on the duck threw me off, not my cup of tea, but not bad. Im going to go back for dinner. Your average upscale lunch prices..no diff than sabrinas, miles, lift, etcWe missed brunch by an hr (we were an hours early) but that's fine. 
I ordered THE HICKORY TOWN It's filled with "lancaster bologna, farm egg, amish horseradish cheddar, gherkin mayo, fried red onions" IT WAS SO GOOD! I shared this and tried the PASTRAMI HASH. It contains "shaved pastrami, spiced hash, roasted peppers & onions, farm egg, russian dressing" that was delicious as well. Seriously I have no complaints about this place. We then tried the RED EYE DANISH. It is coffee gravy, benton's smoked ham, gruyère in danish form. Savory and sweet pastry. So good! 
Very pleased with this place!the food at this establishment is really a work of art and a labor of love. our table ordered several small plates to share then each ordered our own main dish for a dinner gathering. if i had it to do over (as i think my dining companions would agree), i would have preferred more small plates for the table. (the main dish i had was good, but for the size and cost, i just felt like i would have been just as happy trying other small plates.) 
they have a nice list of wines and liquors to accompany your meal. 
minus one star because i hate the seating. the tables and chairs are not very comfortable.Unique little cafe on Market street in Old Town. Lots of unique options for sandwiches, salads, and meat/cheese boards. 
I opted for the duck meatball sandwich, which was slightly sweeter than your typical Meatball sandwich along with a great balance of bread-to-meat. 
Service was very friendly and efficient. It's a small spot, so be prepared to sit near/with someone not in your party. 
Only negative is that it is pretty expensive for relatively small portions. For high quality, unique food, I'm willing to pay for it though.Came here for a birthday dinner for one of my girl friends with a party of 10+! The space is small but we somehow managed to fit at a table along the window, which was great because we felt like we had our own little nook all to ourselves! Not to mention it was christmastime, so there was a huge wreath in the window which was great for pictures! 
The food here is amazing. In fact, I would have been satisfied with just the first two appetizers we ordered, which were the crispy brussel sprouts and the mushroom platter. I love homey, earthy food and this was just that! Warm, rich and savory, and melt in your mouth delicious. The American Wagyu was equally as satisfying (the crispy rice cakes really make the dish), but the pork chop special was somewhat of a let down.
Overall the service was great, the waiters really patient and knowledgable, and the food AMAZING! Definitely a must while in Philadelphia!This place is amazing! The food is fresh and very tasty! Must try their in house breads! Service,food and ambience were all amazing! Will come again!Great place for decent beer (10ish taps) and good food.  Good chew.  Mother enjoyed the vegetarian chili, brother and I had the tender and tasty brisket sandwiches.  Nice atmosphere and great wait staff.   We will be back!The bread here is fantastic. For breakfast, the pastrami and hash sandwich is amazing. The price isn't, but it is worth it for the taste and quality of the sandwich. You will not be disappointed. 
For lunch I've ordered the roast pork sandwich and that was really good too. I want to go back and order the pastrami on rye because I'm sure that's got to be excellent as well.
The only thing I wouldn't order on their menu is their oatmeal. The menu says baked oatmeal, and I ordered some to go one time and it was just normal barf oatmeal that didn't taste good. Other than that I'm sure everything else tastes great on the menu.We dropped by High Street for a little brunch and were definitely pleased with the results. The Forager is full of delicious little treats to uncover while the Pastrami & Hash fulfilled the want of hearty yummy-ness.Loved, loved, loved this restaurant! The food was "farm to table" fresh, the flavors complex and nuanced, the ingredients unusual, the service unpretentious, and the prices reasonable. In other words, everything we like in a restaurant. I was a bit taken aback when I looked at the wine list (NY state and places in CA you've never heard of as being good wine producers), but I ordered a sauvignon blanc from NY and it was very nice. (Pays not to be a snob.) It's a small tight-knit group that runs the place and they take great pride in what they serve. There's a menu option where you just let them decide what to bring you; we opted for that and were very happy we did. The place is tiny (11 tables or so), so I'd definitely make and advance reservation. Also, it was raining when we left and they actually sent someone outside to hail a cab for us. Well done!The layout of this restaurant is amazing! It is like being at home and watching mom cook a meal for you. The wine list is amazing and the food combinations are like non other! The service and passion of the employees are what really drive this restaurant to be one of my favorite.I have to say I think I ordered poorly. The pastrami sandwich while pretty seemed poorly conceived.  The pastrami was cooked to an absolute crisp which robbed it of most flavor and satisfaction of eating the meat. The bread became saturated by the grease of the pastrami so it was unpleasant to hold and fell apart shortly into eating it. My party of two spent $35 and both of us felt that it was poor value for the money.  My favorite breakfast haunt will remain Kanela.Very good brunch, a bit limited in terms of options. The pastrami sandwich is a must!!!Had a great lunch experience here today. Came in at the right time and was quickly seated at the community table - which was no big deal to me or my party. Quick, friendly service in a big open space room. The cafe was packed. I ordered the pastrami on rye and was very satisfied. The meat was very tender and flavorful. My only complaint was the bread crust, which was a little tough and hard to chew through. But I will let it slide because it was made in house and I can really appreciate that. Grilled cheese sandwich and turkey sandwich both looked great as well. Definitely want to go back and try the roast pork next time. Eat it!I have been here twice for dinner and both visits have been an absolute delight!
We showed up a bit late (15 mins) for our reservation but they still honored our reservation which is super nice of them
We started off our meal with some cheese/jam/ bread, Parker house rolls with pork, and crispy broccoli with chow chow, which were all really good! 
Onion toast reminded me a bit of French onion soup
For main course we ordered the steak + potatoes and gnocchi. 
Dessert was the strawberry rhubarb cheese cake which I would probably skip. Desserts here and at fork are very okay tbh. Pastas are their strong suits. 
Portion sizes here are a lil tiny so feel free to order everything that catches your eye
Probably would have been a perfect 5 star if dessert wasn't a flop. 4.5 rounded down at a 4. 
Great and friendly service!Oh, oh, oh my God! No words, for how delicious the turkey sandwich was, that I had here today. I think it could very well be, the best sandwich I've ever eaten. That's all I can say. Get there and eat it. The other sandwiches looked great too. The staff was nice and super efficient. Ryan was our waiter and he was perfect. Thanks guys! Well done.Was hearing lots of great things about this place and the food does kind of live up to it's reputation. The three stars are due to service. We were the only ones who sat outside, and they kept forgetting to bring us things like sugar for tea, spoon to stir the sugar, etc. When we asked for these things they sort of made us feel like we were pains. Would love to give it more stars but the service did put a damper on it. I would still give it another shot, maybe for lunch, and sit inside.This place...I ate a roast pork sandwich from here. Well, I ate half of it because I thought it would be a bad idea to finish it. The pork looked like thinly sliced ham, but something didn't look or feel quite right about it. A few hours later my stomach starts to feel terrible. I drank some tea hoping it would help me feel better. It didn't and I puked up that sandwich like nobody's business. Gross, I would never eat meat from this place. The dessert list looked great though. Too bad they ran out of all of it except for the cookies.Their sandwiches are amazing. Their bread is so fresh and their pastrami is to die for. I have only had their lunch so I can't speak to their dinner but everything I have had for lunch has been solid.
Good drinks as well.I made a reservation for my moms birthday. It was a larger party and I had a hard time finding a place that would take seven people. Ugh the drama! High Street was SUPER accommodating. The atmosphere was warm and dimly lit which is right up my alley. The staff suggested we order family style since it was a larger party, we could taste more from the menu. Im always hesitant to make that call! I do enjoy sharing, it's fun and exiting to try all the different plates. BUT you have to be INTO it. And although everyone agreed I could tell by the end [the men] were sick of passing plates & trying to remember what they actually ate. I'm all for the sharing but I would recommend ordering al a carte. We definitely enjoyed certain dishes more than others. And it would have been nice to order a second round of those. With that being said, the staff did a WONDERFUL job of coursing out the night. Everything was bused the tables were cleaned and ready for the next set of plates. Why not five stars you ask? Well..... the pasta course, which I was specifically excited for *duck egg carbonara, was Sooooooo salty. And not just oh yum salt, more like ugh salt salt salt. Where is the flavor? We ordered two different pastas and BOTH were extremely salty. We couldn't eat them. The manager came over and asked and of course the bolder peeps in the group spoke up. He apologized and asked if we wanted another round. Seemed like whoever was on sautée was heavy on the salt that night. We passed on the second round of pasta. They made up for it with an array of desserts which were all amazing! Overall wonderful night, really enjoyed the atmosphere and the libations,& when you're with a big group that can make or break the night. Will definitely be back!Dined at High Street for Valentine's Weekend with an early seating. Upon arriving, we were seated immediately. We looked over their wine list but asked our server, Ryan, for his recommendation. He suggested a Sicilian wine - Tami' Nero D'Avola - it was light, fruity and drinkable from start to finish - it paired well with most of our food for the night.
We opted to do their tasting menu which consists of 8 dishes for $50/person. They cater to any allergies and dietary requests. We had the following: 
1) Potted shrimp with whipped foie and shrimp toast - the foie was creamy, rich, and it contrasted well with the fresh shrimp and crispy shrimp toast.  
2) Brussels sprouts with charred cabbage and smoked goat's yogurt - The sprouts were charred and crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and paired well with the cool, creamy yogurt.
3) Grilled squid with cauliflower, squid ink and an aoili - the squid was cooked excellently and paired well with the zesty seasoning on the cauliflower.  
4) Sunflower seeds with pecorino, button mushrooms topped w sunflower oil - risotto made of sunflower seeds was interesting and surprising. The seeds were soft and almost like rice in appearance, but still retained some of their crunchy texture. The pecorino gave it a good saltiness. And the thinly sliced button mushrooms just rounded out the whole dish by cutting down on the richness.
5) Cauliflower caramelle - stuffed pasta with cauliflower and sweetbreads - this had to be my favorite dish of the evening. Everything was just almost melt in my mouth too good. Pasta was cooked perfectly and the filling inside was creamy and flavorful. This was the first time I had sweetbreads and it was amazing. I could've kept eating this all night.
6) Angry crab spaghetti - made with crab butter and habanero oil according to our server. I was expecting this dish to be really spicy but there was just a hint of spiciness but not over the top and lots of crab flavor. It had very few tiny pieces of crab meat. One thing I can complain about this dish though is that it was slightly over salted in my opinion, but did not stop me from eating more. 
7) Wagyu with crispy rice cakes and fermented broccoli rabe - the steak was cooked medium-rare - I love steak but this might've been my least favorite of all the savory dishes. The steak was too chewy for me. Every component still all worked well together though. The fermented rabe was a nice surprise; very reminiscent of kim chi.
8) Carrot cake with orange ice cream - the carrot cake was good but the ice cream was way too tart for my liking.
9) Roasted sunchoke custard with black walnut brittle and candied kumquats - this was a surprising dessert. Might be one of the best desserts I've ever had. Each component complemented each other so well. It was creamy (almost caramel like), crunchy, and had just the right amount of sweetness.  Perfect ending to our meal. 
Everything was actually really good (we wiped each plate clean) but my favorites were 3, 5, 6 & 9 on my list. If it's your first time and you're still unsure of what to get, I recommend their tasting menu. Would've love to try their breads but we were quite satiated at the end. 
I was a bit hesitant to come here for dinner since most reviewers seem to recommend breakfast/brunch, but it did not disappoint. They had great service. Every time a dish came out, they described exactly what it entailed. Our server was able to answer all of the questions we had and he was a pleasure to dine with. Everyone here is very friendly and accommodating. I also don't normally eat vegetables on the daily but this place was able to get me to try it and actually like it. Overall, it was a pleasant and delectable dining experience. 
If you plan to come here for dinner, make those Open Table dinner reservations (even on a Sunday they were fully booked). I believe that breakfast or lunch is at a first-come first-served seating.This is a great cafe with delicious food, delicious coffee, and wonderful service. It is a must stop if you're in the Independce Hall areaGreat vibe, great food. Delicious bread - our sandwiches were quite good. Curry squash soup was wonderful and lattes were something we will come back for!Really solid brunch spot and one of my favorites in Philly! If you come anytime after 10:30 a.m. on a Saturday or Sunday expect to wait at least 30-60 minutes for a table.
I have tried quite a bit of the menu and have to say the pastrami hash sandwich is where it's at. The meat is super tender and with a little of that chow chow on top of the fried egg; OMG, even after three years of ordering this at least once every 3 months, this sandwich remains hashtag breakfast goals. 
I also really enjoy the salad options here, particularly the grilled broccoli salad, but would recommend going halfsies on another side if this is your entree because it's not all that filling on its own (hearty Midwestern appetite here; don't judge). You also can't go wrong with any of the veggie sides or pastries!
Definitely worth a trip for brunch; just expect to wait for a table and possibly be seated VERY closely to strangers.I'm told this is the spot to go to for breakfast and lunch, but of course we went for dinner. It wasn't bad though, I just felt the food options were a bit limited. The highlight of the night was the mushroom appetizer. I'm not even a mushroom fan and I thought it was fantastic. I also went with the crab pasta which was small but delicious. As for drinks the menu was a bit limited as they do not have a full bad. The wines were solid though. Service was very good as it's a small place. Prices were a little high but not too bad.(to the tune of "Hey Jude" by The Beatles)
High Street... can't make it bad.
Take some great bread, and make it better
That butter, you want it inside your mouth
Then you will start feeling better
High Street - I was afraid
Of the brunch lines, so we went early
That fried egg, sunny-side up
One bite and I, well I just felt better
And let's not forget the dinner - at sweet High Street
The pasta fills my tum with joy, oh boy
For well you know that it's a fool who skips the bread
By avoiding carbs, trying to play coy
High Street - never lets me down
Once you've found it, you won't forsake it
Remember - the eats are worth any wait
And you'll feel so glad, once you have made it....
Breakfast, lunch, or dinner - High Street is my first choice in Old City. A bread-lover's paradise, there's no end to the tasty spreads, butters, jams that can enhance these doughy bites. And their pasta, filled with fresh seafood, veggies, or savory sauces and meats, is some of the best I've had outside of Italy. Worth the trip, worth the wait, but get reservations for dinner if you can!Everything about this place is spot-on and fantastic- the food, the atmosphere, the service.
The Crispy Broccoli is divine, the Golden Beet Hummus is wonderful and comes with this amazing grainy bread that is a meal in and of itself, and the Cauliflower Caramelle pasta was perfect. I rolled out of there.
Jen was my waitress and she was attentive, friendly, helpful in making food and drink recs, and overall lovely. 
I cannot wait to be back in Philly and hit this place up again!Food and service were excellent. The mushroom soup was out of this world. The Ruben sandwich is HUGE and delicious. Easy to split with some one. The Italian sandwich is really good. Good selection of beers and wines. 
The bread is Great!Lunch was PERFECT! Service was attentive and the sandwiches were phenomenal. Just note the grill cheese (which really was the best ever) takes a while since they make it with a slow melting cheese. If suggesting ordering an app if you're getting the grill cheese so you don't starve to death by the time you finally get your sandwich. Also, FYI the place is SMALL!ALERT! I totally reviewed the wrong restaurant! I meant to eat at High Street on Market and got home, was doing my expense report and realized I walked into the restaurant next door which is called FORK and is at 306 Market Street! The entire review below is for FORK. I am sure High Street is great BUT, I didn't eat there! With that said read the review but realize it is for the restaurant next door.
The only regret I have about eating here was my wife wasn't with me. I travel quite a bit and have to eat alone often, in this particular case I am sure my wife would have enjoyed this so very much.
The food is both oddly enjoyable and so very unique. I completely gave up all expectations of standard fare when the Sunflower Risotto turned out to have no rice in it at all, it was literally sunflower seed risotto. Delicious and completely unexpected.
I was eating alone and the chef sent over the crispy (deep fried) broccoli as an on the house treat. I typically would have never ordered it in that I am not a deep fried type person but, it was terrific and I was very impressed by the thought to send it my way - thanks chef.
The atmosphere is great and reminds me of The Purple Pig in Chicago minus the jam packed, loud, clanking (yet so totally charming and enjoyable) atmosphere (Purple Pig fans go to High Street - High Street fans go to The Purple Pig when in Chicago). High Street could easily be the finest dining establishment thrust forward from 1776 with their look and chefs uniforms. But. The food prep and techniques would have never been found back then.
High Street is a great addition to the Philly food scene and highly recommended for business travelers looking for a quality meal.This is why I love Yelp. It leads me to wonderful gems like High Street on Market. 
Upon entering we were told they only had seats by the kitchen, which if you know me, that is always a plus. You get better attention and service when you sit by the kitchen. 
Service goes a long way, and our waitress was fantastic. Friendly, helpful, and attentive. She fielded any question we had, and was always there to check in on us. 
We started out by getting some drinks, they had a good selection of different libations. We then tried some of their spreads. Really good way to start off our meal. I was eyeing those duck meatballs, but we already had duck earlier. We opted for the Angry Crab Pasta. It's one of the best dishes I've had. Make sure to try it. 
The place is attached to the restaurant next door. They share the restrooms in the back. Apparently the owners owns the place next door too. I'm not surprised. They seem to know what they're doing.Came here with friends for dinner without a reservation and was seated right away. We got the hummus, the crispy broccoli and honey glazed chicken. Everything was delicious and the server was really great with making suggestions on what we should get. He even brought out a ravioli dish for us on the house! The only reason why I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because the dishes were a little smaller than I would have liked for the price.Their onion bread is delicious! I ordered one before our meal, and I ordered another after our meal. The butter was also excellent. The vegetarian-style boar pasta dish was pretty good, but there was a light aftertaste. I think it's the ingredient(s) in the pasta. I could eat it again, but I am not a huge fan of it. The environment is intimate and cozy; it's a great place to grab a drink with a friend or significant other.I had some friends visiting and my husband thought this place looked good (he was a little disappointed because he felt the menu on their didn't match the menu we were given in person but I checked Yelp and the menu seemed to match). 
This establishment doesn't take reservations for brunch (found out when I tried to call ahead) but when we got there it wasn't unreasonably packed...maybe have been because of the parade going on. My friends were a little late and I appreciated that unlike some other places, they let my husband and I sit down at a table to wait. 
I wanted to start off with coffee and something sweet while I waited but was a little put off since it seemed like everything We wanted to try was done for the day (was 1:30pm). I really wanted to try the ginger maple oat scone...no dice. Ended up trying the caramel pear crostata. Was wonderful...so my husband wanted to try it but apparently I was given the last one. Haha.
I had the smoked duck cubano (duck confit) sandwich. I highly recommend it. It was also a surprisingly larger portion than I was expecting since everyone else's food came out first and looked a lot smaller. My friend loved the forager egg sandwich though, the mushroom was a hit with him. The ginger yoghurt was lovely also.
The waitress mixed up our receipts and credit cards at the end (when we realized we let her know, she stuck her ground but really had made an error). I appreciated her and the manager giving us a large portion of their specialty breads to try at home as an apology (the bread was soft and amazing and lasted for quite a few days).We have dined here many times mostly breakfast/brunch and lunch. I had dinner here for the first time in months and the menu format has changed but the cooking theme is the same. All of our dishes were of the highest standard and very well executed. Outstanding service and wine list.Philly has so many great spots for Breakfast/Brunch. We decided to try something new/different and came up with High on Market.
The food was very flavorful...possibly too spicy for some. Good fresh baked bread/toast. Coffee was good but not "best in Philly". 
I only give it 4 stars because of the stiff competition in Philly that are just slightly better.Decent restaurant. Probably will not be returning anytime soon.I was looking forward to this place because of the good reviews on this site. I asked for the waiter's suggestion, and he suggested I get the big egg breakfast. I did, but the scrambled eggs were greasy and flat (and tasted ok, not great). The meat was spicy, like chorizo, which was ok, but the toast, which was fine but not exceptional, came with no butter or jam and was basically wholewheat toast, so needed something (unless you like dry toast). My friend got the same breakfast; his fried eggs were also greasy (he remarked on it). I got a mimosa, but the champagne was nearly flat and there was not much orange juice--maybe a couple tablespoons (I watched them make it from across the room).  It was a pretty good pour. After we received our entrees, we didn't receive any service until we were nearly finished eating. My meal came to $27 without tip or tax (mimosa, egg breakfast, and latte). I wouldn't go again, or if I did, I'd get a cup of coffee and the bread basket (the bread is supposed to be good) or the crumb cakes looked good. The space is really pretty and comfortable and the service was ok (but not great). Pick up your game, people!I had the roast pork sandwich which was very flavorful and not so juicy that you make a huge mess, as is my experience at more traditional Philadelphia roast pork restaurants. It was enhanced by the red pickled sauce that's on the table. I wish there was more meat and broccoli rabe on the sandwich!Came in around 2 to a not so busy restaurant and were seated by the window immediately. Got the ginger chamomile kombucha, tasted like sparkling apple cider. Water cups were just a bit smaller than I would've liked, but the carafe made up for it. 
I got the pastrami sandwich. The saltiness of the pastrami, which fortunately wasn't too salty, balanced well with the cabbage coleslaw. The fermented mustard was great too. Bread tasted and felt fresh. Mom got duck cubano, delicious and the pickles completed it. Definitely put the pickled jalapeños that are on the table on your sandwiches! 
Only let down food-wise was the old bay potatoes. Didn't really taste like anything, and the aioli was almost flavorless unless I got a lot, but there wasn't much to begin with. Also, server was kind of standoffish at times. However, being checked on by who I assume are the manager and chef was nice.
I'd definitely go back for breakfast and to try their "on toast" section.oh you fancy now? my neighborhood coffee shop and casual lunch spot got all grown and sexy.  despite the makeover, the homemade breads remain the highlight with a completely revised soup, salad and sandwich seasonal menu.  they have an elevated version of philly's roast pork staple which will be my next endeavor.  on my first trip, however, i was happy to see that there were still plenty of  "lighter" options.  i went with the ribolita soup and panzanella salad.  definitely a strong choice for an overcast october afternoon.  the ribolita is a hearty white bean soup with tender, braised pork that falls apart with the touch of your spoon. the crispy burnt grains/garlic adds an amazing earthy flavor and texture profile to the soup.  i'll definitely order that again on a cold day to warm me up.  the panzanella salad had multiple layers of veggie goodness with a bed of greens, crispy kale chips, chunks of squash, and chewy rye bread squares soaked in a sweet sauce.   another perfect seasonal selection.  the quick service also had me in and out in no time.  so while i'm sad to see end of the communal table, perfect omelets and free wifi era, the makeover is a welcomed change.Girlfriend and I came here last night and loved it. 
Food - Excellent. We got beets, venison, assorted breads, Brussel sprouts, and pastrami pasta. We never order pasta out but my girlfriend really wanted to try the pasta and I'm glad we did. It was so good. We are considering going back to get orders to go. 
Portions - Not huge but fair considering the quality. We didnt leave hungry. I only wish the portions were bigger because it was so good! 
Service - Excellent. The place is really well run. Everyone seems to help each other and I even remarked how quick the service was. I ordered a drink and I got it in less than what felt like a minute. Our waitress was also very knowledgeable of the menu and the gins that were offered. I had never heard of the gins as they appeared to be craft but she really helped me choose the right one. 
Prices - Very reasonable. Our bill was about $150 without tip and considering the quality of the food I wasnt upset with the final bill. 
Drinks - Nice assortment of beers, wines, and cocktails. As noted above they had some cool gins and we liked our drinks. 
In an expensive city like Philadelphia with many options I thought this place was A+. Would definitely come back.Had a delicious lunch here recently.
The breads are simply amazing.  We came here mainly because we had enjoyed the bread served at Rival Bros.  The potato bread was delicious and the loaf lasted us the week.  It's a hearty bread that is just so good on a weekend morning with eggs and bacon and a cup of black coffee.
The food is pretty solid too.  We had the roasted broccoli salad which was amazing.  The sandwiches were a healthy portion, the pastrami was delicious.  And the little pickled vegetables at the table complemented the whole experience.High Street's food is high quality! They impressed me because I enjoyed every single bite of my dinner, without feeling bored or regretful about what I ordered. Everything we had was fresh and delicious. From the humble bread & spread board to Kennett Square Mushrooms and the Duck Carbonara, the food is carefully crafted with well-balanced flavors.
For dinner, they offer a menu of appetizers and small plates (intended for sharing). The prices average about $10 for appetizers and $20 to small plates. Even though the portions were on the small side, the richness of the food still left me satisfied!This was our second visit and we decided to go with their Leave It to Us option. The whole experience was just incredible, the food, the service, the environment, and even their dinnerware, serveware.We made a reservation for High Street on a Friday at 5.30 and were slightly early. The hostess kindly suggested waiting at Fork's bar and she would get us while our table was ready.
We enjoyed a couple of beers at the bar and managed to observe Fork's dining space. It's beautifully decorated with plush seating and is a white table cloth restaurant. Fork is a more casual dining experience while no one will bat an eye if you came in jeans. 
We were aware of the $50 8course option, which was as our waitress phrased it " a touring of the menu". However, I think it only makes sense if it was a group of two. As there were three of us and we weren't that hungry, we opted to ordered a la carte.
First up was kale chips baked with sesame seeds and miso powder. Basically it was four pieces of kale leaves that tasted very strongly of miso. I am a kale chip addict but I am also a purist. I want to still be able to taste kale so I didn't appreciate this interpretation.
Next was potted shrimps - whipped foie gras and shrimps on shrimp toasts. The spread itself is the most ingenious and tasty thing but the shrimp toast is so greasy, you don't get anything but a mouthful of oil. 
The Brussels sprouts with goat cheese was one of the best Brussels sprouts dishes I had. There were bits of roasted and fried Brussels sprouts with braised cabbage and goat cheese. 
For our mains, we had the angry crab spaghetti, cauliflower pasta and bbq lamb. The angry crab spaghetti was really unique, slightly creamy with old bay seasoning and little flakes of crab. The cauliflower pasta with sweetbreads was scrumptious - the lovely puréed cauliflower wrapped within each pasta will melt gently in your mouth. The thinly shaved cauliflower provides some textural contrast and the sweetbreads were savory. The bbq lamb was moist and tender but a little overcharred. 
We didn't try any desserts but the hostess kindly sent off us with a little biscuit at the end of our meal. I will definitely come back for Brussels sprouts and pasta.Delicious lunch with fresh and creatively conceived food. Bread sampler with apple butter and regular butter - delish. Crisp crusts. Different and tasty chef salads, including something called bologna, but really high quality and tasty, as an ingredient. Best of all was pastrami on homemade rye. Excellent thick cut pastrami with great stuff on it. Chocolate chunk cookie on the way out was great too. Not fancy place, but does what it does really well.Best food I've had in a long time. The food tastes absolutely delectable, and the presentation and service is just as great!The breads are amazing...kudos to Alex, the new baker.
I am a bread snob and have always found the "artisan
breads" in Philadelphia to be lacking.  The new breads
at High Street are among the best I have ever eaten
anywhere.  And a good variety of choices, too.  I haven't
yet sampled the other new options in the revamped
space but look forward to doing so.  But Alex's breads
alone have made me a regular, and very happy, customer.Excellent restaurant! Their pasta dishes are amazing. I especially recommend their "burnt grains campanelle" (very tasty, a lot of character). I also tried their "half brick chicken": it's perfectly cooked and savoury. High Street on Market also has the best bread in Philly as far as I am concerned (even better than Parc's bread). But you have to pick the right bread (Keystone). The place is very welcoming and simple, far from faux chic. Wine is also very good. Service was always very courteous and professional. My only regret: I was not totally convinced by the cocktail I chose (Oaxacan).Well, it's cute, small, SF style joint with hit or miss food. 
Chocolate croissant was too crunchy on the outside with very little chocolate inside. I like the (smaller) size of it. The corn cake had some super hard spices that made me feel like my teeth were going to crack but the carrot corn cake itself was good. 
Saw some bread loafs for $8-11, but none looked too appealing, and their sesame tahini bread doesn't come out until 2pm.  I saw potato, rye, some other loaves, but where's the simple multigrain or similar?  No descriptions on any of them, and you really can't hear what the cashier was saying. I think they need a sign/menu with descriptions.  
I would maybe go back to try the brunch buy for pastries, there's many other coffee shops with tastier options. I would try their dinner selection as well. 
I would try the vegetable salads, likely to-go since seating is impossible if your not actually waiting for a table to eat hot food.  
To next time...So I went to High Street Market this past weekend after hearing rave reviews over the past year or so. 
My first impressions of the place were scattered. The staff seem very disorganized. The hostess took our name down and gave us a 25 min wait time. She asked for my number, which made things more convenient.  True to her word, I get a call 25 to 30 mins later saying our table is ready to go. When I tell her that I'm right outside, she's like oh.. Can you give me another 5 mins.. Ha, no big deal. 5 mins later we roll inside and our table hasn't been cleared off yet. As we waited inside, a few more couples made their way in, most being told about their indefinite wait, even after they were called to come in. About 10 mins later, After seeing no busboy, our hostess decided to clear our table.. This took another 10 mins or so. All the while, more people were coming in to place their names on the wait list. To these peoples dismay, they couldn't get that service because the hostess was too busy clearing tables... Haha, it was a damn mess.. Not a hot mess but def a mess. Two gentleman were so fed up they stormed out.
As far as the servers, they were pretty prompt and on point. 
When it came down to food, I ordered the pastrami hash sandwich. My wife ordered the Eggplant sandwich. I can't put my finger on it but both sandwiches lacked serious flavor. In addition to the sandwiches, we ordered the shortbread chocolate chip cookie.. The flavor was great but for 3 bucks, I thought it was incredibly small and not worth it.  
I will say one thing, the bread and rolls used were great. They have that going for them. 
As far as the business ambiance was concerned, it was very nice. 
In the end, I probably won't come back. High Street is def not the worst but def not in my top 10 places to have lunch or dinner in Old City. In this city, at the price point they're asking, there's just way too many better options.A delicious Saturday morning fare after a snowy day.  All single tables were taken so we were offered the communal bar table with stools.  It would've been an extra 20 minute wait for a table.  It felt a bit cramp when the wait staff and people getting coffee/breads kept on passing through.  I didn't mind sitting at the communal table as i had a great view of the pastries, salads, and the hustle/bustle in the kitchen.  Thank goodness there were purse/jacket hooks under the table, really didn't want to put the purse on the floor/table.  We came around 10am and as we were getting our breakfast the place was getting packed.  Come here early!  
We started off with Rival coffee and tea.  I had the Italian market breakfast for $14: lancaster bologna, spicy coppa, roasted broccoli rabe, old bay fried potatoes, farm eggs, toast.  The scrambled eggs were fluffy and heavenly.  We loved the perfectly cooked potatoes, not too soggy or crunchy.  Plus, who doesn't love old bay.  Everything else on my plate was equally delicious.  The husband enjoyed the hickory town for $10: lancaster bologna, farm egg, amish horseradish cheddar, gherkin mayo, fried red onions on a poppy seed roll.  He loved the long hot and jalapeño sauce that came with his order.
Of course we had to get pastries before ending our high at High Street.  The butter cake was nothing special and was a bit too hard.  The apple tea cake was better of the two.  
This is a nice change of pace from your usual breakfast/brunch scene.  It was definitely on the pricier side for breakfast.  A nice place to bring out of towners.High Street is a great place for brunch/lunch and dinner. Service is friendly & attentive and the food is fantastic. Flavors are bold and the fresh baked bread & rolls are amazing. 
The breakfast & lunch sandwiches are sooo good! The pastrami & hash is on a soft, fresh baked kaiser roll that's absolutely delicious.  The duck meatball sandwich is so flavorful with tender meatballs topped with melted cheese.
For dinner, the small plates stood out more than the pastas.  The dry aged beets were unique and tasty.  The brussels sprouts in the wagyu/crispy rice cake/brussels sprouts appetizer were some of the best I've ever eaten.  I loved the bold, spicy flavor of the agnolotti with eggplant & jerk spices - this is not your traditional pasta dish and may not be for everyone if you're not into really big spicy flavors. I wasn't a big fan of the seaweed bucatini.  There was some flavor in it that was weird to me...maybe the lobster bottarga. The sundae for dessert was really good.  I believe it had buttermilk ice cream...something salty...plus dates or something (please excuse my description, I was a few drinks deep by that point and my memory is fuzzy).
You must order the potato rolls!! They're so soft & fluffy and the malty butter that comes with them is so good that after we'd finished the rolls, I seriously considered discretely eating the rest of the butter on it's own. Yes, that sounds disgusting but if you tasted the butter you'd understand.Quick like a diner, cozy like a farmhouse kitchen and inexpensive for the quality freshness and fantastic service you get here! A must visit for breakfast, they serve the best egg sandwich there is to be had- this coming from a Long Island girl! All in house baked, farm fresh, fresh squeezed, it's all you want for breakfast and more. I also have to remark that our sever was so friendly and so pleasant and we were well taken are of without being rushed or breathed on. Small place but cute and worth it! Would like to try lunch next!I will start by saying this:  I was NOT expecting to like this food as much as I did.  There was an enormous amount of flavor in every dish, despite incredibly simple names and descriptions.
First off, the ambiance in High Street is warm, cozy, and rustic.  Rustic is also a great description of their food.
My highlight:
- Seaweed Bucatini:  Wow.  This was my favorite of the night by far.  The seaweed is pulverized and used in the pasta dough, and that bright, ocean flavor leaps right out at you.  Salty, cured lobster roe is grated on top, and the salty brightness comes together to make you feel like your mouth is at the beach.  Terrific flavor.  Plus this is just *stunning* on the plate: the pasta is black, thanks to the seaweed in the dough, and the lobster roe is this vivid red... it's a really exciting thing to see and to taste.  I've posted a photo as well.
Every other dish was a huge success as well.  Tortelloni with asparagus and ramps, the lobster tartine (like an open face lobster roll... on house-made bread), the lamb tartare... every dish sang, and most were presented beautifully as well.  But the bucatini was so vivid I had to give it the starring role in this review. 
Pro-Tip 1:  The bread course is not included, but we ordered it.  I wouldn't do so again, only because I'd rather have tried another small plate in its place.  The bread was great, but it took up valuable stomach space!
Pro-Tip 2:  Three of us shared four small plates, the bread plate, and two pastas, and we were all satisfied with that amount of food.
Highly recommended!Super brunch. Great service, was busy, five minute wait. Food was superior. We both had the Italian Market breakfast. It was great and the old bay breakfast potatoes were delicious. All in all, five stars for everything. We will certainly be back for the attentive service and superior and fresh food.Pricey but amazing bread and very fresh. Great atmosphere and service. I suggest the potatoes! Breads look amazing as well!I came in to town for business and decided to pass on the philly cheese steak and explore a little bit in detail as what Philly had to offer. Being in town for lunch with a co worker,  I went to help for some guidance and was delighted on my selection. Great atmosphere!  I started off with a yummy stout and winded up eating the pastrami sando; the sando was built perfect and did not tear away like most pastrami's do. This help me build an overall great time in Philly!I'm embarrassed that it's taken us such a long time to get to this fabulous annex to Fork. We came in for an early dinner, which is the way to do it - it fills up quickly on a weekday evening. I can't recommend it highly enough. Very professional waitstaff, but without any snooty attitude. The manager enough took the time to chat with us, as first time patrons that was a nice touch. A few of the standouts were the broccoli rabe (finally BR that's not overcooked), the sunchokes (unusual as a stand-alone side dish). Not cheap, but such excellent value. Beer and wine list definitely worth writing home about.Phenomenal 
The small plate appetizers are smallish but excellent. The Ari Crips leaves were very good and Lamb tartare was excellent. Spring vegetables - OK. The bread spreads wwere each unique and differnt - I liked the sweet Rhubard spread and the eggplant tahini over the white bean hummus. 
Pasta Duck Ragu was al dente perfect. My colleague had the eggplant aggoliini which was the only veg entree. I liked the size - quite cozy and intimate and the open kitchen allowed us to see the attention the chef paid to each dish.I was so sad when Fork Etc closed as it was my favorite lunch spot when I'm at work.  Well...I am no longer sad!  The duck meatball sandwich is more than I could have ever imagined in a sandwich.  It is amazing!  So much flavor---but you definitely need some extra napkins for it.This place is really great. The space is small and cozy and has an open kitchen so you can watch the chefs preparing the food while you wait. They have small plates but they are all delicious. My only complaint would be that they bring all of the plates out too quickly and it feels like they are rushing you to eat. They don't have a full bar but have a small selection of wines and drinks. There is a community type table near the kitchen that is less than desirable if you're looking for an intimate style dinner. I would recommend this place for sure. The fried broccoli with the chow chow is fantastic.Mind blown.
High Street is a prime example why I feel so happy and lucky to living in Philadelphia right now. Came here to brunch recently and let's just say...wow. The pastrami hash sandwich ($10.50) is pure foodporn. I fell in love upon the first bite. The combination of the shaved pastrami with the crispy spiced hash, roasted peppers & onions, fried eggs, and Russian dressing inside a freshly baked bread is unbelievably delicious.
Service was great and decor speaks refined and elegant. Very comfortable dinning environment overall. Loved it. Our city has become such an exciting place to eat out. There is an entire new generation of young chefs with fresh ideas who are transforming Philly into an amazing food town.This place has an open concept kitchen. Literally, chefs are cooking right in front of you!!! cool and unique experience*happy face*
I ordered a angry crab pasta which was delicious. Spicy lovers will enjoy this plate. The service was fast but i did noticed that reservations were needed if you are on a date or special night out. Chances of waiting for a seat are high if you don't have one. Next visit to Philadelphia, i want to try their brunch menu.I thoroughly enjoyed my experience. Food was excellent, creatively crafted and unique.Stopped in on a dreary winter morning & ordered the baked oatmeal. That oatmeal has led to numerous trips for take out breakfast & lunch. Today my wife & I decided to sit down for lunch! Glad we did. Great service to go along with food that is consistently delicious! Today we had the turkey sandwich that I've become obsessed with, we also had the grilled cheese that actually is the best ever, and split the grilled broccoli salad. Everything was spectacular! Can't wait to have dinner here!Was here for dinner recently. Small restaurant but nice atmosphere. I thought the menu was a bit limited--particularly since it was so eclectic. Also portions were a bit small. For example, the angry crab spaghetti was a rather modest portion of pasta and very light on the crab. Loved the squash hummus however: had nice kick to it and homemade breadsticks were one of the highlights of the meal. On the other hand I was a little let down by the broccoli starter after all the positive reviews I read about it. The tempura style batter gave broccoli a nice crunch but I just didn't think it was anything that special....
Finally the wine pours were maddeningly small. Sorry--when you're paying $16 for a glass of wine you should never feel like the waitress is rationing it. But I got the message: if I go back I will definitely order a bottle. Or better yet I will try the breakfast.The Pastrami Has sandwich is AMAZING. Best breakfast sandwich I have ever had. Still thinking about it now. 
Also got a tea cake which was also superb. Sweet crunchy and salty. Perfection.I stumbled upon this spot while on a business trip - great find in Old City.  I thought it was more pub like than intimate restaurant - I likely wouldn't have stopped if I had known as I was dining alone.  Usually I prefer to sit at a bar when I'm by myself but this spot didn't have one. I was seated at a table for two in the middle of this charming restaurant and tried not to look awkwardly in at the other guests.  It wasn't easy!  
Alas, I ordered the tuna crudo which was light and flavorful, the perfect amount of zing.  For my main, I had the Brussels sprout salad.  It was also quite tasty and the combo of the two made for a satisfying meal.
The service was fantastic and ambiance very sweet and romantic.  I would definitely return with a friend or two.  A solid spot on Market next door to Fork.One of the best brunch places in Philly. I got the duck meatball sandwich ($14). The brunch menu doesn't start till 11:30am. We came here around 11:10am so we just put in the order and the order came shortly after 11:30am.
They have a breakfast menu (which looked fantastic as well) but I really wanted to try the duck meatball sandwich. The sandwich was super juicy and flavorful!! The sandwich was slightly toasted and comes with the juicy duck meatballs topped with melted cheese. I wish the bread was just plain white and not the sesame breads but it was still good. I was super hungry but it was more than enough!!! I wish I split with my friend and tried the pastrimi sandwich because we both got the same thing. I also got the brussel sprouts...which I do not recommend. The brussel sprouts were cold and no flavor... Needed salt. They were around $5.
Short line but goes fast! They don't take reservations for brunch. Accepts credit cards. Small quaint atmosphere.
Tldr: get the duck meatball sandwich- very filling...I should know since I'm super greedySince my first experience Ive enjoyed some wonderful lunches and numerous dinners that were great.  The food is always reliably inventive, exciting  and fresh.  The service is as consistent as the food.  Im always pleased how top shelf everything about the experience is yet it's reasonably priced.  I love it!The best and complete meal experience in philly. I have had their breakfast, brunch , lunch and dinner. They are the only restaurant in town which has been consistent in their taste and service over the past 1 year. My favorite dish is the the cauliflower caramelle  dish (ravioli style pasta served for dinner). It is the most complete dish in every aspect of cooking. It is the most satisfying and immersing food entree ever. They have their own bakery. Very unique bread and I really love to have it with the housemade dippings which are unique too! . Their celery/spiced carrot hummus is a revolutionary dish. It will definitely tickle the unexplored flavor notes on your palate.their desserts were good too but in no comparison to their entrees, which are out of the world. Although they get their coffee from the local  rival brothers , they brew the cappuccinos better than them . God bless the chef and the owner of the restaurant and hope for respecting food and hope they continue to amuse other food connoisseurs in the country.   Being served great food means a lot to us.- TIP:  This place could run as just a bakery -- that's how good the bread is.
- CON:  $10 for a loaf of bread?!
- BOTTOM LINE:   Is bread actually worth $10?  I tried the Anadama -- a sourdough loaf with molasses that adds a subtle sweetness but more importantly -- a dark, caramelized crust.  Yes, it's worth the $10.A really excellent experience at High Street on Market while I was in Philadelphia for Thanksgiving.
Service was surpassing. When we came in, we were politely told that reservations were running about ten minutes behind. This is a totally common occurrence and is obviously not a problem at all. We were encouraged to go to the bar next door to get a drink, which we did. What I did not expect, was that when our table was nearing readiness, the host from the restaurant came over to the bar next door to retrieve us. I live in New York and I've had a host do that at an equivalent fine dining restaurant. Very impressed.
The menu is infused with a consistent spirit of fun and creativity. We had a number of small plates, including the must-have pickled carrots, which are powerfully flavored in their own right with jerk spice, but sit in a mason jar of an undefinable foam that rounds them out and makes them exceptional. Shrimp rolls with kohlrabi are like the best summer rolls you've ever had, and the "Breads and Spreads" platter is an unabashed opportunity for them to show off their expert baking and aptitude for sauces. The butternut squash hummus was a standout, intensely savory and served with a grilled whole-grain bread that even Dan Barber would acknowledge is great.
The pastas were the highlight of an excellent meal. The "angry crab" spaghetti, was perfectly composed and perfectly named, shreds of crab on top of an excellent spaghetti tossed in a light and spicy oil. It was minimal and flavorful, just about perfect. The duck egg carbonara likewise played to the strengths of its ingredients-- it was rich, as a carbonara must be, but not overpowering, and highlighted the funkiness of the duck egg, forcing you to spend some time thinking about the difference between a chicken egg carbonara and a duck egg carbonara.
The worst item of the night, and it was still excellent, was the swordfish belly. It was perfectly cooked, and moist, and the sauces were fitting accompaniments, but at that point in the meal I'd gotten used to everything being exceptional, creative, and funny, and this was merely a very good cut of fish.
Can't wait to try the NY location!This place just gets better. Coffee "cake" was the best ever. Incredible artisans at High Street.I have never talked to anyone who has been to High Street on Market and didn't like it.  I think that's because it's just a really great place with cool atmosphere serving food all day.  It is related to its sister restaurant next door - Fork - but has its own vibes.  Service seems a bit friendlier here than at Fork.  As for the food - one of my favorite sandwiches is served up at lunch.  That is a smoked bluefish made with cucumber cream cheese on toast.  It is really good.!  I like to add to it a lot of the Cha Cha Sauce condiment that they have on every table.  Then it is a perfect sandwich. Try the bluefish on toast out and see for yourself!Five stars for food quality - it was really good.  Took off a star for limited breakfast menu, snooty waitress, average service and high prices.  Still, we would go again.  We had stuff from the basic - oatmeal - to the unusual (breakfast salad type thing).  We also had a more "traditional" combo breakfast.  All of the food was excellent quality.Another Eater find for my Philly trip.  Stopped in for lunch, service was great, tried the cauliflower soup and the grilled broccoli salad.  Both were amazing.  The cauliflower soup was vegan, so no cream, and the silkiest purée I have ever had, and delicious too.  The broccoli salad was recommended by my server and I was totally happy with his suggestion.  Great experience!very interesting place.  service was impeccable.  the menu is not what we were expecting.  a bunch of smaller dishes for tasting.  There didn't really seem to be a theme.  we had some bread and butter (which were so rich and flavorful and lovely), then tempura broccoli with this interesting sauce on it, then mushrooms cooked with onion and a soft egg, and then these beautiful pockets of pasta with cheese - so delicate and intensely flavorful...wow!  so it was a total hodgepodge of flavors and textures.  Which we enjoyed immensely - but I wouldn't really know how to describe what you're getting - which i guess is why they say "American (new)" in their descriptions!  Highly recommend giving it a go if you're on the adventurous side.  and if not, go for their drinks alone!  really inventive and interesting cocktails which we loved and a nice selection of wines to pair with the meai.Like many others, I have read very positive things about High Street in magazines.  And I do enjoy a nice sandwich served with quality ingredients and good hospitality.  Overall, I feel that High Street delivered that for me.  From the get-go, the host promptly greeted us and took us to a an open outdoor table.  In short order, our waitress was there to take our order, she was unsure of certain ingredients in a sandwich, which was odd, as their menu is small & concise.
Roast pork sandwich was very good, but would have preferred the meat trimmed a little thinner.  Cheese was pretty good.  But that broccoli rabe on it was excellent, fresh and cooked perfectly...yummy.  The bread was fresh and delicious.  Meanwhile my friends each got the pastrami sandwiches, which had a fair amount more meat than the roast pork, oh well.  But, they really enjoyed the pastrami sandwiches and likely consumed a few hundred more calories than me, so there`s that.  Loved that the attentive host, also came back to fill our water and check on how the food was.  The host was excellent overall, waitress just OK.  But, the food was very good - great and the atmosphere was nice, so if you need to fill your belly at a place a step up from a run of the mill sandwich shop for a little extra $, this is a good option.The sandwiches here are amazing! Sherwin's Turkey is a must have with fresh herbs and moist turkey, green goddess dressing and a poppy seed roll. The grilled cheese is a rich gooey grown up sandwich which we all enjoyed. The pastrami is also excellent tender and moist.
I don't think you can go wrong here. The service was friendly and the hostess checked in with us twice while we were waiting for our table which they were cleaning up after a toddler visit.Food: excellent. The fact that they seem to make most things from scratch really makes a difference. 
Open Kitchen: fun to watch. And they seem to enjoy their work. 
FOH and wait staff: as warm and welcoming as a frozen apple pie. Hopefully this isn't the case for everyone, but it was for me. Hospitality much?I know my friends have had mixed reviews about this place but personally really liked everything I got there. We got the daily breads, mushrooms (which went great with the bread!) and also got the quail. All were really great but would definitely regretted not getting the pumpkin tortellini after taking out a bite out of my friend's. Would def like to come back. 
Ellen Yin, who is the restaurant owner, apparently casually hangs out here and at Fork next door and we got to see her! I definitely fan girled for a while.I had read/seen great things about Hight Street on Market so when I was in Philadelphia I went out of my way to make sure I went for brunch.
I got there around 2 on a Saturday (they close between 3:30 and 5:30) and was seated at the communal dining table.
They were unfortunately out of almost all of their baked goods and breads by the time I got there (including the incredibly photogenic smoked whitefish on bialy). I got an americano and the the pastrami & hash breakfast sandwich (shaved pastrami, spiced hash, roasted peppers & onions, farm egg, and russian dressing).
The sandwich actually came out before my americano but I could see them both being made after I ordered them (they have an open kitchen) so I'm not complaining. The americano was large, nicely balanced, and full bodied (they use Rival Bros. coffee beans). 
The pastrami and hash was one of the most beautiful sandwiches I've seen in a long time and it tasted as good as it looked. Not surprisingly, the bread roll it came on was phenomenal. I liked that they had pepper and olive toppings on the table and that they served a jalapeno sauce on the side of the sandwich.
I ended up getting a croissant to go and it still tasted great several hours later.
I would love to go back to try more (aka all) of their other dishes.The single best breakfast I have ever had. I enjoyed the Market Breakfast and every bite was delicious. I normally eat one thing at a time but I kept going to something different because I wanted to keep jumping from awesome flavor to awesome flavor. This breakfast was life changing and I'm not one to give that much credit to food.
I had the chocolate croissant as well. It was good but was a bit done on the outside, making it a little crunchier than I wanted.Wow! Impressed very fresh, bread is addicting as is cream cheese and butter....this is a must do for clean eaters in Olde town a true gemI came here for brunch with some friends and was pretty excited when I first walked in - the decor is quaint and somewhat naturalistic, so I was ready for some interesting food. It's a small place, but the tables are distributed pretty well so the diners have enough space away from each other. The same cannot be said about the waiting area - it's situated such that several of the tables share the same space, so if you're unfortunate enough to sit there be prepared to have some rude people rub their backs on your head (see the review below!). 
When the food came, it was served on wooden slabs which I really liked. I got the ginger yogurt, which did not taste like ginger at all, but when the nuts and honey were mixed it, it ended up being really delicious (which doesn't say much about the yogurt itself I guess). The dessert left much to be desired as well - I got the espresso with ice cream and a cookie, which was pretty bland. Initially, the waitress gave me some weird cube instead of a cookie because the cookie in the dessert menu was out. My friends were confused by this, because they said that they had seen cookies at counter - many, many cookies. Once I asked the waitress about this, her response was "oh - if you want one of those I can bring you one of course". I was confused as to why I didn't get one of them in the first place, as I had specifically ordered a cookie and not ice cream. Unfortunately once the cookie finally made its way to the table, I was not impressed by the lack of flavor at all.
To add to all this - they seemed to be out of every other thing we asked for, and the prices were way too high for way too little food.Great dinner again at high street. Their treatment of vegetables is phenomenal. Love all of the creative small plates and the pastas are to die for. Only thing we didn't love was dessert - surprising since they are known for their baking. Looking forward to a return visit!Food is absolutely wonderful.   Fresh, simple, and delicious.  Service was friendly but slow and they lacked awareness of customers.  I'm pretty sure I could have left without paying and they would not have noticed.  Will definitely give them another try - hoping for a more attentive staff.I thought this was a really cute place!  The options before 11:30 were minimal for brunch since the full menu isn't available.  The sandwiches were delicious we had the Reuben and the primal sausage which were really good served on a wooden blanket with a little side of green special sauce.  I think the sauce could have used a little kick though. The side of potatoes was the best thing we had!  The sandwich portion was really tiny for the $10-15 range.Yummy and healthy food surrounded by a comfort, rustic environment. The perfect spot for a breakfast/brunch on a weekend!
With a name that calls for "ferment, bottle, bake, butcher," you can expect not only locally-sourced food, but in-house processed food that allows their ingredients to be transformed in many delicious ways. Plenty of fermented flavors throughout their menu. In fact, we tasted it in all of our dishes!
Went with The Forager sandwich: seared king oyster mushroom, braised kale, farm egg, green meadow young swiss, black trumpet mayo. Yes, that fermented flavor is strong here! Surprisingly, the entire sandwich was very light, and that bread. Oh... So light and fluffy.
For the sides, ordered the quite tangy and citrusy brussel sprouts as well as the ever so mousse-like ginger honey yoghurt (topped with pistachios!) The latte did not disappoint. Perfectly creamy espresso, and beautifully steamed whole milk.
High Street is definitely run like a mini factory. The kitchen is open for all to see, and it's exciting to hear the chef and all the servers yell orders at each other. Definitely a great spot to start the day, any time of the day!
Reservations are highly recommended. We came here without one, but was lucky to not have to wait for too long (15-20 minutes). They put our name down, got my cell phone number, and we were able to walk around for 15 minutes before getting the text to let us know that our table is ready. Convenient!
P.S. Don't miss out on the baked goods. Just... don't.Good local ingredients combined in riffs on traditional breakfast sandwiches make for a satisfying early AM meal.   The seasoning is mild on the pastrami hash sandwich  with a decent flavor pastrami.  I never got a sense for the Russian dressing, other than as a vague creaminess.  Old Bay fried potatoes were a bit overcooked.  Hubby's sandwich featured Lancaster bologna, which seemed like the artisanal version of classic PA Lebanon bologna.   Sandwiches are served on little wooden boards.  
Choose a table rather than a booth - the tables are too small for the benches, so you're too far away from the table to be comfortable. 
2 breakfast sandwiches, one orange juice, and one side of fried potatoes set us back $27.been here three times now, 
I love the bread platter, the pasta is made fresh from bread crumbs, the fish was exquisite and the fried mushroom salad is amazing! 
good service, the chefs tasting menu was great, definitely will go again
quaint seating outdoors during the summer is perfect.Excellent breakfast sandwiches. Friendly staff.  I had the pastrami and hash sandwich and i would definitely get it again. I'm so glad we stumbled upon this place. We'll be back for more. Cheers!Delightful place.  Great sandwiches and bread.  Loved the smoked duck and grilled cheese today.Multiple visits to this great little restaurant confirm that it's among Philadelphia's finest.  And, what's even better - this place is open from breakfast through dinner, unusual for a restaurant with, yep, "High" standards for each dish it sends out from the kitchen.  Most recently went for breakfast:  the ginger yogurt with strawberries and pistacios was super!  The bowl could have fed two (but I ate it all myself, slowly), and the cup of Rival Brothers coffee was a treat too.  Breakfast is a nice opportunity to explore great food, and Chef Eli Kulp and team get it right.  Peruse the small bakery display when you walk in for you'll want to try one of the unusual pastries or the less unusual but very tasty bagels.  Get yourself up when the sun rises and stake out a spot at High Street on Market, for breakfast...I mostly come here for breakfast/brunch.  Their pastrami and hash sandwich is so good, I think I've gotten it at least 10 times and that number is growing.  In a city with plenty of great breakfast options this place stands out.Best roast pork sandwich I think I've ever had.
I came in here for lunch while wandering. There was a pretty significant line, but I was by myself, and they offered me a seat at the communal table immediately. I took it, and I'm glad that I did. It was great talking to some fellow travelers while I was there, and it made the excellent food all the better. The service was great--my server was very friendly and helpful throughout.
So I ordered the roast pork sandwich. When I ordered it, I asked if there was anything else I should consider instead, and I was informed then that this particular sandwich had won awards of some sort or another. And for good reason! The pork was done perfectly, and the extras on the sandwich were perfect complements. I liked the roasted pepper that came with the sandwich. A pickle just doesn't have the same effect. Fantastic sandwich!
I considered getting a pastry, but they only had a chocolate cream puff left. I'll have to check out the pastries some other time, because there were some good looking ones before they disappeared.Not impressed. There was so much hype over this restaurant I just had to try it. Sadly I was disappointed. The food was just ok and definitely over priced. My friend and I did the $50 per person chef tasting. Big mistake!
The waiter asked if there was anything we really wanted to try and I told him the crab spaghetti, which we did not receive lol. I heard the bread was great but I found it to be nothing special. We were served two different lamb dishes, I hate lamb. Overall nothing stood out at this restaurant. It's cute and the service was fine but not worth the money.I dropped in for lunch the other day and I was very happy with my meal.  I ordered a turkey sandwich that as delivered on a cutting board.  Overall the feel High Street was very organic and my sandwich was great!  I plan on coming back to sampling more food as time permits!Stopped in for lunch with a friend and enjoyed a nice lunch in their outdoor seating. After hearing they were named "No. 2 Best New Restaurant" by Bon Appetite, I had high expectations on what I was about to eat. For the most part, the food was delicious. 
I ordered their "best" grilled cheese and aside from the potato bread (fresh made in house) being a tad on the thick side, it was one fantastic grilled cheese sandwich. I also ordered their chilled tomato soup to go along with my grilled cheese and it was OK - I think if they held back a little on the fresh scallions they sprinkled on top it would have been better...the taste of scallions definitely overpowered the sweetness of the tomatoes. My friend ordered their pastrami sandwich on rye. I didn't care for the bread too much, but that was some of the best pastrami I've ever tasted (if you don't mind a little fat on your meat). She also ordered a side of the beet and feta salad which was good. And finally,  we also ordered their bread board to try some of their famous bread, served with a small portion of cultured butter no less. Sadly though, I wasn't a huge fan of their bread. I don't know if it was just a bad batch that day but the bottom crust of most of them were a tad over charred or dare I say "burnt"?? 
Aside from the bread, everything was good. The service was very friendly (a tad slow), and the place is quite small. They had a delicious looking pastry display but sadly we didn't have room to order anything else. I would like to go back and try their dinner one day and perhaps give their bread another go...Sometimes you wander into a little slice of heaven, and this is it.  We got there just before the 10 am Sunday rush.  So we were still on the breakfast menu.  I had the beet cured salmon, I am still dreaming of that dish. My dining pal had the whitefish, which she enjoyed, though I saw her looking at my salmon with desire.  We both had high quality bloody Mary's. I will SURELY be back.Stumbled upon High Market last night while I was visiting Philly, great place. The first thing I noticed was how clean the restaurant was, everything was tip top and the kitchen is very visible anywhere from the restaurant. 
The menu was a bit confusing, which lead me to decide the "leave it to us" option. For $55 a person (sounds pricey but is a generous 4 course meal) the chefs send out their favorite items on the menu. The first few plates that came out were small plates like the kale chips, crispy broccoli with chow chow, beets, and maybe 2-3 more. Next they brought out a bread dish with different spreads to transition into pasta. Two delicious pasta dishes came out. Next was the entree, an incredibly tender pork chop, very delicious. I'm normally not a dessert person, however the dessert course was just as impressive. Two plates of a house made pudding and a Japanese pumpkin cake with sour cream ice cream (don't knock it 'til you try it) ended the meal nicely and tied together the myriad of flavors the rest of the dishes brought. 
Highly recommend high street on Market, the food was truly delicious, service was excellent, and the place was very clean. The waitress told us they recently opened another location in the West Village of New York, absolutely worth the trip.High Street is the perfect place for breakfast in old city.  Great sandwiches, tasty yogurt, and good coffee.  Love the country breakfast cafe atmosphere.My husband and I enjoyed a late breakfast here on our short stay in Philadelphia. From a unique menu to exceptional service, cannot say enough good things about the experience. 
We ordered the cortado and regular coffee; both were delicious. To eat, we enjoyed The Forager (vegetarian) and Beet Cured Salmon, along with a side of old bay fried potatoes (see pictures). The kale was perfection on the vegetarian dish and the salmon, along with its pretzel roll, were super tasty. The potatoes were so good that we ordered another; the garlic aioli sauce made them even better! For dessert, highly recommend the coffee almond date cake (also pictured); it is a perfect post meal treat. 
In addition, the ambiance is pleasant and we appreciated the decor.Server sarcastic in answering menu questions. Turned her back and made inappropriate facial expressions. Got our order wrong and ignored repeated calls. Horrible customer service!If you're looking for a delicious brunch that will impress your foodie friends and piss off your not foodie friends, you have found it.
I enjoyed the hell out of the pastrami breakfast sandwich. It was an utter mess to eat (like 15 napkins mess) but was worth the satisfying struggle. Best breakfast sandwich I've ever had, and I'd challenge anyone ­ who won't get upset they have runny yolk on their pants ­ to find a better one.Amazing breads... Make each sandwich and pastry delectable and delicious. Try a Kaiser role breakfast sandwich and take a loaf of bread for the road!! I hauled a loaf all the way back to Austin, Tx!!We were excited to get in to this popular restaurant in a popular area because of interesting menu. Lovely warm decor and varied and novel menu. Our waitress offered several tastes of their white wine selection so we were able to choose one we liked. However the pours were less than generous for not so great wines.
   As for the good, portions were equally small. Sharing portions is fine for appetizers but not for entree which was tiny! We ordered the nettle pasta dish and it was very small. We really liked the crispy broccoli!! 
    The mushroom dish with egg was alarming because egg appeared to be undercooked and runny. Very strange and unappetizing and we should have been warned. 
  For two of us it was 100$$ without tip. A lot for not getting full. Would have been nice to have some bread at the table since they have bread visible at the back wall.
   All in all an interesting place, good service, nice ambience, but a few downsides."I'm in town. Want to grab dinner?"
"Well I just had two drinks and split two apps, an entrée and a dessert, so I'm not really hungry."
"So you want to do the 8-course tasting menu at High Street?"
"YES!"
This will go down as both my best and worst decision all wrapped into one.  I left this meal so full that I couldn't even stand up straight.  When I got home, I'm fairly certain my dog thought this was the last night we would spend together on account of my incessant "WHYYYYY?"s I continued to utter into the wee hours.  But on that note... I'd do it all over again.  I'd do it without hesitating. Because YOLO... or something like that.
So I thought their brunch was good (it is), but their dinner.  Good god.  I kept waiting for one of the eight courses to be a dud.  But everything was a 9 or 10.  My tastebuds died and went to heaven that night.  The highlight for me was when the fried zucchini came out topped with my beloved chow chow (see previous review). Be still my heart!  For $45, this was a steal.
So my takeaways from this experience?
1. I will never be a championship food eater.
2. There is a reason Bon Apetit Mag made High Street the #2 best new restaurant.
3. My dog has no faith in me.The breakfast in Philly, stopped by for a bagel and homemade cream cheese.  They had just add a brioche bun that was amazing.  My favorite place.Such a unique delicious menu! We were there for breakfast but immediately wanted to go back for lunch. The beet cured salmon on pretzel roll was amazing!My husband and i enjoyed a delicious breakfast here. They had very tasty bloody Mary's and we both had the forager breakfast sandwich which was delicious. The homemade hot sauce that came on the side was the perfect compliment to the sandwich.I'm rating High Street four stars in part because it's on the Philly Eater 38 list. The food was solidly executed. I enjoyed all three dishes I ordered - a carrot hummus, a dug egg carbonara pasta, and a pork chop with roasted Brussels sprouts. It was a fine place for dinner but if I a we're visiting Philadelphia there are several other restaurants I might try before choosing High Street.
The pork chop was pretty delicious.Went for breakfast. Interesting options, although a bit too heavy for my liking (first few bites were amazing but that quickly diminished to feeling "heavy"). Serving on small cutting boards, while cute, proved to be rather cumbersome especially for the runny yolk egg sandwiches, which became rather messy. 
Overall pretty good stuff though.Missed out on the pastrami hash sandwich and was completely bummed out! (Note: Breakfast menu items are only available until 11:30am on weekdays, but served all day on the weekends.) So I ordered the roast pork and broccoli rabe sandwich upon waiter's recommendation and wasn't disappointed. The sandwich was simple, but meat was buttery and rabe gave it a pickled touch. Service was attentive and friendly. Yes, you pay more for less here, but the quality of food and play with flavors is worth appreciating.These guys get extra credit for being open early on the morning after winter storm "Hercules," when virtually nothing else besides 7-11 was.  And for very kindly welcoming three wet and weary travellers when two of them were rather raggedy-looking preteens, who are not the dream customers of restaurateurs.
Simply delicious.  The Lancaster bologna and egg sandwich had a couple ingredients on it (gherkin mayo and fried red onion) that did not sound very kid-friendly, but I put my trust in the people who make the stuff and was glad I did.  Really the best breakfast item I've had in years, and the most original breakfast sandwich I may have ever had.  "Baked" oatmeal was also delicious, really the apogee of oatmeal, at least if you like dried fruit. The Rival Bros. coffee really completed the meal.
I will go out of my way to return next time I'm in Philly.  As Christopher L. said, my complements to the chef.  My complements to the staff.High street is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. They always have new menu items and offer lots of vegetarian and healthy choices.  The seating is somewhat limited for the amount of traffic they get but grab a salad or sandwich to go and walk over to Washington or Independence square and have lunch in the park.Delicious. We had the eight course dinner menu and really enjoyed the variety of dishes--they kept coming. Good cocktails, good wine. We'll be back for brunch.Came here with a few girlfriends and all in all it was a good experience, albeit a tad bit pricey but expected for being the one of the featured restaurants in Bon Appetits best new. We made reservations so were seated immediately on a Sunday night. The restaurant was about half filled, and we were seated at a long table with high top chairs. I was fine, but my very pregnant friend was extremely uncomfortable throughout the dinner, an oversight by the waitress. We each started with a smaller plate, two of us choosing the Brussels sprouts (myself omitting the cheese,) and a main. The sprouts were fried and perfectly salted, so delicious as how can fried anything be bad? I chose the mushrooms as a main, which came with wild foraged trumpets, maitakes, smoky eggplant puree, I believe more Brussels sprouts, and kale. It was delicious, if not a tad over salted, and the only thing I did not like were the wood ear mushrooms which were a bit too chewy and earthy (and I love mushrooms!) We were sent a complimentary sunflower seed risotto which was amazingly rich and delicious with piquant pecorino being a welcome addition. All in all a great meal!High street on market was a very pleasant place. Service was on point. We came here for my sisters birthday dinner and decided to do "leave it on us" chef tasting menu. Everything....I mean EVERYTHING that came out was a amazingly tasteful. I highly recommend giving this place a try. "Leave it on us" chefs tasting was $55 a person (not including alcohol) it was crazy HOW MUCH food we had!!!!! 
I've had bad experiences with chefs tasting menu BUT high street gave an amazing experience in giving it another try. Great job to the staff and the chef!!!!Wow what a great evening. My girlfriend and I celebrated our anniversary here last night. A server comes over quickly and shares their insight of the cocktail menu. They were very accommodating and made the drinks to our liking. 
The server was very enthusiastic and well versed about the menu. Everything we ordered was fresh, full of flavor and spot on with regards to what the server said. We started with the golden beet humus, very flavorful and had a kick. The bread was incredible (they have a bread bakery on site). We then had the cauliflower pasta which was perfectly al dente and superb. Of course the pasta is made in house. We finished with the swordfish which had a great rub served with fresh picked radish and beets. 
I highly recommend coming here. 3 dishes and 4 drinks came to $100 which is very reasonable for a nice night out. The kitchen is wide open and can be viewed throughout the restaurant. Nice rustic decor. Excellent service. What more could you ask for!