Me and my girlfriend came  here for breakfast on a Tuesday morning, my girlfriend and I were seated instantly with no wait, our server was very nice and his extensive knowledge of the menu and food items was amazing! He talked us into the Challah French Toast which is amazing; a short stack will do just fine for any person, guaranteed leftovers! The food was amazing the potatoes, the eggs, and the turkey sausage. My girlfriend had the Challah French Toast with bananas and she thought they were amazing! The coffee was very good and freshly brewed. Lastly, the bathrooms were spotless and the decor was beautiful, like a small  up to date cafe. Our waiter made me a mocha walnut coffee to go which was bliss and bursting with flavor! I plan on coming back for breakfast again!I just threw a bridal shower at the Hinge Cafe for my best friend and it was literally the most amazing, perfect venue! The food, staff, location and all around atmosphere was amazing plus it's BYOB! You can't beat the Hinge Cafe! Five stars!My favorite place for a Sunday brunch! They always have the most delicious specials that change with the seasons. Great food and friendly staff!I always have a great meal here and the one time I didn't like it, they replaced it with something else at no charge!A great diner, the food falls short of other modernized diners in the area.  The decor in the place feels like it's a time warp to the nineties, but the food is good and not overly done.This has been our weekend breakfast spot for a few years now. This morning I noticed something new on the menu so I placed an order. Pork and Brie bennies, Mmm Mmm Good!!! Love this place!I haven't been here since it reopened.  The food was good.  A lot of the same things are on the menu. The mushroom soup was deliciously thick and creamy with lots of mushroom bits.  I liked the addition of fresh herbs sprinkled on top. The pear salad was also good with fresh ingredients.  The service was great.  The waitress was attentive but let us sit and talk without rushing us.The Hinge is right around the corner from where I live, and I must say, I'd usually rather make the trip and wait at Honey's Sit and Eat in NoLibs. The food at the Hinge is decent, however the potatoes have upset my stomach on more then one occasion (and I hear I'm not the only one). The dining room in general gets really cramped on busy weekend mornings, which I'm not a fan of. You get the feeling that you're in someones living room when you're there.  
All in all, it's not a bad spot, but there are better options not far away.I LOVE the Hinge and often go out of my way to visit.  The iced coffee in the summer is reason enough (and get something from the bakery.  You will never regret it).
I've only eaten dinner here once but I loved it.  The bowl of roasted brussel sprouts was hard to finish because the serving was huge!  My dining partner and I both got a bowl and couldn't even stop to take a breath.  We devoured them.  Perfectly pan-seared, not too oily, and just spicy and garlic-y enough without hitting you over the head.
The "Japanese Meatballs" or whatever it was called (the menu changes monthly) sounded risky but I went with it because they're vegetarian.  I was right to take the risk.  Imagine Japanese soul food... and you've got these.  They were everything you love about Japanese food, crammed into a ball, and lightly fried.  Served with cold soba noodles, I was in heaven.  My waitress provided some extra peanut sauce to dip the "meatballs" in and it was perfect.  My friend ordered some sort of fish dish and loved it, tho I don't recall the particulars.
Brunch, on the other hand, is something I frequently grab at the Hinge and LOVE.  The breakfast burrito will keep you full all day.  I don't have a single complaint or negative thing to say about the brunch here.
In short, go to the Hinge.  It's a BYOB with a diverse menu, friendly servers (one of them just won the annual  "Best Waitress in Port Richmond" prize according to the owner), and one hell of a brunch.One of my favorite restaurants in the city, very fortunate to live so close! Hinge always has different specials, and they're very creative.  Most of the plates are fairly simple but great combinations of ingredients and very flavorful, the service is great as is the coffees, the prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is very fun and relaxed and well designed.  I've been here several times with different people and everyone is always impressed and leaves happy
The breakfasts are all good, one of my favorite things was only on the menu but would get it again if I saw it--beet risotto with scallops, it's also nice  they serve sriracha sauce and ketchup with everything :)The service and the food is out of this world. I've tried to get different things everything and they have yet to disappoint so please take it from some one in the industry that knows what to look for in good service and food and this place is spot onEver since I started eating at Hinge Cafe its become my favorite restaurant. I have had breakfast, lunch, and dinner at Hinge Cafe. Not to mention they have all kinds of great desserts. THE BOMB!!! Everybody is so nice and the service is top notch. I honestly can't pick a favorite dish to recommend because the variety and quality is so good you can't go wrong. I eat the food on a regular basis and its high quality food with affordable prices. So you have great food, great service, great atmosphere. Go check it out. I highly recommend it. DONT FORGET TO ASK ABOUT THE BOMB!!! BEST DESSERT IN THE WORLD!!!First time here for breakfast... edible food but terrible service. Waters were promised but never dropped, $3 coffee was served once and never offered a warm up. Food was dropped but never asked how it was. Two servers with 4 tables in the restaurant, servers were busy singing to the music playing over the sound system. Won't be returning.Very good food, reasonable prices. Only thing is the day I went someone's uncle or father was playing tunes on the keyboard from his composition book. The guy was going off all over the place playing the waltz to Fox trot off key... needless to say he distorted the ambiance just a little... but hey the food was great.Great service good food, nowhere to eat in the Northeast! Sorry northeast folks, The Dining Car-not a fan. The Hinge- Real quality food NOT your average diner.I have been here a few times for breakfast and loved it every time! The service is quick. The food is delicious - bananas foster, on the border skillet, and breakfast skillet and their lattes are amazing! My husband tells everybody to try their Irish Potato Latte - it was a special drink they had in March but they will still make it for him. I tell everybody that they have to go check this place out! We will be back!Good food, good value. We got the breakfast quesadilla and monte cristo; perfectly filling for brunch on a rainy day.I love this place. It has great food and amazing service. I'm happen to drink a lot of liquids and the sever is nice enough to leave a pitcher of water for me on the table.Their food was pretty good and there's a lot of variety. I REALLY loved the eggnog latte I had, but their regular coffee seemed a bit burnt the last time I had it. The seating is very cramped, but there's not a lot they can do about that and the wonderful staff more than make up for it. This is definitely one of my favorite go to places.Great Coffee, eclectic & gourmet selection of lunch, breakfast menu items. The food is legit. MMMMM
Never a wait, quick service. Go here for a change of pace from the usual Sabrina's, Honey's.I live in the neighborhood, and have been stopping in on almost a daily basis to get an iced coffee because it's just that good. I've brought friends here for drinks too, and they always end up raving about them.
Granted, I've never actually had their food since I'm vegan and there aren't a lot of options for me so this review is really only geared to their takeout drinks (please consider adding some actual vegan options to your menu hinge cafe!), but I bought a piece of cake for my sister in law and she loved it so much, she went back the next day just to get another piece.
It's a little hit or miss with servers though. Some are fabulous and make you feel extremely welcome, while others have asked me to wait while they finished writing a text or concluded a conversation before taking my order. It's not a big deal since I'm never really in a rush, but I think other people may be annoyed by that.
The reason they lose a star is because it seems to depend on what server you get as to the cost of your coffee which is extremely annoying the few times I've gone in with exact change and they've randomly upped the price on me. Honestly, I've been charged 4 different prices for the same order which I think is odd considering I'm not ordering a specialty drink.Delicious breakfast, great daily specials and the specials change based on season and it keeps the menu fresh !  I love it there.  I eat at Hinge at least 2-3 times a month !  Healthy options for those who want it (ME) and the heavy satisfying foods others want to.I have been going to the hinge since it has opened and the food has been better year over year.  Their coffee is great, service is excellent and the brunch is the best in the city.  They are also great neighbors.Hinge used to be one of my go-to brunch places. They had great food, good customer service, and parking around the neighborhood was easy to find. However, on my most recent visit, I found myself questioning this place. It could have been an off day, but everything was such a miss-- food and customer service. 
I came with a group of 5, which is a little large for such a small establishment. We tried to call several times houra beforehand to put in a reservation, but the phone kept going to an automated message and telling us to try again. With no luck, we decided to just go and try our luck. We found parking right away, but came in just after a couple of larger parties. We waited for our table with a couple of cups of coffee. 
By the time our table was ready, our cups were empty, but we were distracted by the menus. But our coffee was never filled until we prompted the waitress. Once filled, I had a steaming cup, whereas my friend had a lukewarm, almost cold cup of coffee. We brushed it off and just ordered our food. We noticed our waitress greet another table nearby and list off specials that were not written on the regular or specials menu. She had never recited them to us and they sounded more enticing than what we had actually ordered since the menu had changed since our last visit. The whole restaurant just seemed to be more chaotic and disorganized than ever before. 
Again, we had to prompt our waitress to fill our coffee for the second time, but it was almost already at the end of our meal. She had checked in with us once, but turned around before we had answered her and could ask her for something, which we then had to wait another 10 mins to grab her attention. 
As for the food, I have had way better from them and elsewhere. Everything we had ordered was really bland and underwhelming. The only people who enjoyed the food were my younger cousins who like anything sweet or with pancakes. 
I might come back again, but I am officially turned off and unimpressed. I am sad to have had such a bad experience when I have been 2-3 times before and enjoyed myself. Maybe I just need to find a new local favorite.My first time eating here.  I had the chicken with roasted reds quesadillas. Astounding taste.  Chicken grilled with awesome roasted red peppers and melted cheese. True deleite!!!  A little gem in the Port Richmond section of the city.  Will visit again.One of the River Wards' hidden secrets, the Hinge is a reliably great, quick brunch option in Port Richmond with hardly ever a wait.  Prices are reasonable as well!
My friends and I usually meet at this place at least once a month and are greated by friendly servers and quick coffee...as we all know that some coffee immediately served makes our friends more palatable.  
The menu specials never disappoint.  The portions sizes are very large...you will have enough leftover for your afternoon snack if you get an entree.  Just the perfect portion for breakfast that we've discovered is the breakfast egg sandwich on an English muffin.  It's about 50% larger and fluffier and 700% tastier than Dunkin' Donuts...served with a side fruit cup, it's pretty healthy and a nice brunch!
The pumpkin pancakes and the whole wheat pancakes are nothing to sneeze at.  The pumpkin pancakes aren't overly pumpkiny...just a nice hint.  The whole wheat ones will melt in your mouth.  The short stack is 3 dollar sized pancakes that could use a side...left me a little hungry at the end of the meal (or not stuffed...can't remember the difference anymore...oh sweet New Year's Resolution diet!!!).  
I ate dinner there once...and it was soooo delicious yet I forget they serve it.  I simply must get back there for that.  And one of these days, I'm going to try something in their dessert case.  Everything looks divine!!One of my "go to" brunch places. Delicious coffee,  tasty food, and the staff is always so nice. My only wish is they offered more lower calorie menu items.It's been far too long since I've written anything here.  Holidays, cooking in, cold weather, and nothing too exciting on the restaurant front have all conspired against me trying out new places. I'll definitely have two new posts for restaurant week.
I went to Hinge Cafe for brunch on Sunday.  I went to this spot months ago, and decided to try it out again.  Despite its location on a weird block on Port Richmond, this spot was packed for Sunday brunch.  We only had to wait a few minutes before being seated.  It's nice to be able to have a good brunch spot close by without epic Sabrinia's-esc waits.  
I had an omelet that was on special.  It was filled with cheese, and several kinds of peppers and onions.  It was a generous portion, probably a three egg omelet.  With the side of potatoes, it was honestly enough food to fill me up for the entire day.  Dining with my friend Bryana, she also ordered from the special board: eggs florentine.  She had a similar assessment as myself; the meal was delicious and served in generous portions.
There are two factors that impress me the most about Hinge: The coffee is excellent and served continuously, and the menu is extensive.  There were several great offerings on the board for specials that I didn't even take a serious look at the regular menu.  I could easily come back here several times in the future and have a lot of good, different options.  Hinge doesn't just do brunch, either, they have a good offers for all meals.
Bottom Line: Hinge offers quick service and meals at affordable prices.  It makes a great brunch spot that is (for me) close to home.  I've never been at night, but apparently Hinge also host small music events.  It would even make a great stop for a coffee shop, as it has a few small tables up front and a bakery case filled with mouthwatering desserts.  If nothing else, it's great to support this spot in a neighborhood that needs it.The two stars is for the food only. Portions are big and food was decent. In terms of service, I'd give it 0 stars. The food came out slow. Restaurant wasn't the cleanest. We had empty water glasses and no one came to fill them up. When the waitress came, she filled up one glass and walked away swiftly without making eye contact. After we paid, we walked by all the waitresses congregating by the counter counting their tips, and not one person thanked us for the patronage. If you like mediocre food and horrible service then this is the place.I live near this establishment and have to say i love it.  I go a few times a week for breakfast.  The multi grain pancakes are delicious.  The ice coffee and iced latte are to die for and you can have different flavor shots to enhance the taste.  I highly recommend this place if you are in the area or if you just want a nice breakfast.The Benny was really delicious. I wasn't too impressed with their menu though. It seemed pretty repetitious. I had a couple bites of the steak and eggs platter they were offering as well. The steak was good but nothing to write home about.Loved this place.  Went here for brunch recently with some friends and it was excellent.  I ordered a mexican skillet (I think?)  and basically it was eggs, corn, peppers ect ON a quesadilla .  The presentation was fantastic.  OJ and coffee were great as well.  And we were there on sunday afternoon and a little old man was rocking out on the piano.  I totally dig that vibe.  Will definitely come back again.This place is Awsome from the great coffee to the flavorful menu staff is friendly laid back but quick the food is unbelievable and reasonable.Hinge is great for more than just brunch, they change thier menu up regularly and deliciously. Hinge is relatively vegetarian friendly. It get sort of crowded on the weekends but you never wait as long as other popular brunch spots. 
Stop by for coffee, brunch or dinner and you will be happy.Stumbled upon this place on Yelp one morning when deciding where to go for breakfast.  Good reviews, close by, I'm sold.  On my first visit, on a weekend mind you, I was promptly seated.  There was a guy playing the piano.  Promptly seated and guy playing piano.  Need I go on?!  Ok so then there is this specials menu with about a half dozen entrees listed.  The next one was better than the last.  How is a girl to decide with this many fabulous choices?!   I ended up going for some sweet potatoes, kale, over easy egg, pepper and onion dish with GOAT CHEESE.  Delish!  I have actually recreated it twice since! 
So then the boo and I were hungry again, a few weeks later, and he says lets go back to Hinge.  Of course!  Why not?! We loved it the first time.  This time we were once again seated promptly, on a weekend, but no pianist this time  I went for lunch and got the pick two option with a salad and sandwich.  Delish. Everything was fresh and reasonably priced!  The breakfast specials menu once again boasted an array of specialty skillets and such and the boo got an Italian skillet dish that was fabulous, of course.  
So in conclusion; This place is our go to for breakfast/lunch.  We think the food is great! Service is wonderful! Atmosphere is fabulous! Prices are great!Port Richmond and I have a long, funny relationship. We like each other, but we're also quite aware of the other's limitations. While you may be de rigeur for cheap warehouse space, freshly made pierogies, and swarms of rowdy polish teenagers, you are not quite a destination spot for fantastic food.
Hinge Cafe practically spits in the face of that last statement.
I have been many times - Father's Day brunch, last minute breakfast, weekday morning bagel & coffee - and every time, Hinge delivers.
The space: Cool, low-key, relaxed, lovely. You feel like you're eating at somebody's house. Somebody's really nice house. 
The noise level: Even when it's packed to the gills, I NEVER have to yell so my friends can hear me.
The food: Breakfast Bruschetta is PHENOMENAL. The Salmon Benny is revelatory, the roasted potatoes are seriously addictive, the coffee is delicious, the Monte Cristo, sinfully decadent with its ham and melted cheese, gooses you on the way down thanks to the addition of raspberry preserves. Yum. 
The service: Fantastic. Attentive, friendly, no ass-kissing, no pandering, no ignoring. Nobody is better than anybody at Hinge. Everybody's family.
The price is right, and If you have ever sat outside of another more-popular brunch spot in Fishtown or Northern Liberties for 20, 30 minutes before you were seated, you owe yourself a trip to the next neighborhood north for a fantastic meal with no wait. Not even on Sunday. At 11 AM. 
Come to think of it - I'm glad nobody really knows about Hinge. Stay away, bastards. It's mine.Went today for the first time and my husband and I were very pleased with our (traditional) egg based breakfasts. Multigrain toast and the potatoes that came as a side with mine were both delicious. His omelette was exactly how he liked it. Plus, when we left - having left hubby's cell phone behind - our waitress came running after us, a block or so, and gave it to us. All with a smile. We rate it all as a great midweek brunch experience.Talk about hidden Gem! Feels like I am home every time I visit. (Often) The food is good along with the service! I always start off with a cup of coffee(so fresh you can taste it!) PLEASE bring the creme brûlée French toast/pancakes back! I go once a month from NJ and ask(finger ALWAYS crossed!) Cant go wrong with the breakfast selections but I recommend trying the specials! You won't be disappointed :)I love this place! 
The atmosphere is great, the owner is wonderful, the food is awesome, it's just a giant string of positive adjectives. They have the perfect selection in terms of teas and desserts, and their food has always been often. It's located in a convenient spot by my house. I just wish they still had live music here.12/12/11-Well, here's the synopsis.
Went to the Hinge.  My companion had the scallops, which were nicely seared, a nice size, and just about perfect.  The duck too, was excellent.  The maple and sherry flavor was not too sweet or overpowering.  The breast was cooked fine.
I have a problem with the sides.  Risotta was just rice.  I got a thing about risotto, and I watch enough food porn to know exactly what it should be like.  Creamy, not just a pile of rice.  Tasty rice, but plain old rice. (Ever see the movie "The Big Night" with Stanley Tucci and Tony Shaloub...it revolves around making risotto, great film.)  Parsnip potatoes were iffy.  I never had a  parsnip, they sound like something my grandmom would make if she ran out of rutabagas.  But they must be very mild, because I couldn't taste them.   My mashed potatoes stand on the plate like clay after five minutes, I don't expect theirs to.
And the next time someone throws some wilted baby spinach on my plate, and calls it a vegtable of the day, I'm gonna freak.  Its wilted spinach!  Its sooo cheap.  You can't throw a couple of asparagus spears on there instead? For a $22 plate?
The dessert was probably delicious.  By then, I had some early signs of alcohol poisoning, so it went into a styro box and home.  It didn't last in my fridge longer than 5mins, so I will assume it was good.
I really like the Hinge...the staff is nice, the food is generally very good, and its comfortable. I will be back again, many times I'm sure.  But I'm just wondering if the bloom is off the rose.
UPDATED 7/20/12
In the past, I know I have doubted whether or not they were still on their game.
Since then, I've been back monthly, and I have to retract that statement.
I really think this is the hidden gem of the area.
Went last night, and it was really, just unspeakably good.
Grilled watermelon with bacon and feta cheese.
Tempura fried asparagus,
Bronzino with tropical fruit salsa with coconut rice,
Chicken Grand Marnier with mandarin oranges and cranberries.....
Delicious desserts.
So, so, very good.
http://www.hingecafe.com/Hinge cafe's brunch food slams the door on all of its competition.
Only 70 reviews show that this place is a true hidden brunch gem in Port Richmond. If you don't feel like waiting in those long lines at Honey's, Cafe Lift, or even Sabrinas, I guarantee if you head to Hinge's, you'll get a seat immediately. 
The portions here are astronomical.  You'll most likely pack your leftovers home (Unless you're a piggy like me). I've tried the breakfast burrito and Monte Cristo. Both were delicious. Perfectly made. Also loved the crispiness and flavor of the potatoe sides. 
Service was superb. All the servers were extremely friendly and accommodating. Prices were also reasonable.
Philly is truly a mecha for bruncheries and Hinge is one of the best. (I secretly want this place to remain fairly unknown so I don't have to wait in line.) But as a loyal yelper, I guess I'll share Hinge with you guys... :)Omg...I took my husband here for Father's Day breakfast. I was unaware that I needed to make a reservation but we were seated pretty fast even with other people arriving with reservations. My husband got a Benny (eggs Benedict over fresh crab cakes that sat on English muffins with a side of home fires) and Apple crumble French toast. I only had a piece of his food but oh my word it was awesome. I had a breakfast skillet with scrapple which was awesome as well. Wonderful ambiance wonderful staff. I'm going again for sure.OH nom nom! The food here was delicious. First time today with my husband and 3 year old and i really enjoyed my "Super spicy burrito". My husband loved his monte cristo and of course my 3 year old loved her eggs and sausage. I only have two complaints. Reading reviews on yelp is what got us here, I read that it was family friendly but did not feel like it was kid friendly at all, i for sure worried about my childs  voice the whole time there.
 Also, The breakfast burrito, which it was indeed wonderful, i feel everything should have been mixed better. half of the burrito was the egg, chorizo and bean mixture, and the other half of the burrito was peppers and eggs. Very odd for sure.. But delicious regardless.
I will be back here for sure though, sans children, just to try more delicious food!Food was great. Service was awesome. Food can out super quick. After living a few blocks away from this place for about a year I'm really just upset I haven't come sooner. Ill defiantly be back more often!Breakfast all day! Great food friendly service. There is plenty of space I would definitely visit again.I went to Hinge for the first time today, after searching for a breakfast burrito close by. We were very warmly greeted by the staff, and we sat on the cozy bench in the front as we waited for our food- it is such a cute place. The coffee is delicious, fair trade, organic, and probably shade grown (o la la). There is some construction going on in the vicinity (right outside the door), but don't let that deter you. The burrito was delicious and contained potato, which is a little different, but indeed a comfort food delight. We're definitely going back to try their dinner offerings, which I'm told change every month. I recommend.The food and coffee here are both excellent! The service stinks!!! Don't get me wrong, the staff and servers are very friendly but it takes FOREVER! You wait for a seat, you wait for drinks, you wait for food, you wait wait wait for everything! Honestly, we have gone elsewhere to have not so good food just to not deal with a breakfast or brunch that takes 2 hours start to finish! I love Hinge but they need better management of the front of house!The Hinge makes me proud to be a Port Richmond kid.  Whenever I walk in here its like a grade school reunion. ..it really embodies the community feeling that I love about my 'hood.  I know im getting deep here,but I truly love it! Anyway I felt compelled to write an update after having one of the best breakfasts of my life, Brie stuffed French toast with apples, walnuts and craisins.  It was nothing short of a culinary masterpiece.  The cappuccino was the perfect addition to a perfect breakfast.  
In addition to amazing food, the ambiance can't be beat. Recently I went to a rehearsal dinner in the little upstairs room they have, and it was beautifully decorated and perfect for the occasion.  I'd highly recommend Hinge for pretty much anything, but especially breakfast a d small gatherings.Friendly staff. It is the Gold Standard in which I compare breakfast/brunch places. Can't go wrong with anything here. Eggs Bennny!!!!!!!!!!! Best I've ever hadSuch a great gem of a restaurant.  I've only been here for breakfast but their menu and prices are perfect.  I love that I can get breakfast and vegetables in the same meal.  They had this skillet special once that was packed with mushrooms, brussel sprouts, and eggs and it blew my mind.  I love that I can go out to breakfast and not feel totally guilty afterwards because most places don't give you too many vegetable options when it comes to the most important meal of the day.  I love hinge cafe and we will keep coming back.First of all, make sure you bring cash because you have to spend at least twenty to use your card. 
So I don't know if it was just because it was a busy Sunday, but this was some of the worst service I've seen at a restaurant. We were there for over an hour while eating and talking and our waitress never came back to ask for drink refills even as she brought plates to the tables next to us. 
However the food was pretty great. I got the super spicy breakfast burrito. And although it wasn't super spicy, it was definitely delicious and a good portion for the cost.I drove two hours from New York to come to Hinge! Okay, granted it was to meet up with some friends in Philly who I haven't seen in a while, but what a good choice. I picked this place on a whim after searching Yelp looking for a place where parking would not be a hassle and transit would be easy (it's right off I-95). I didn't expect excellent service, gracious hosts, and the fluffiest french toast I have ever had. 
The restaurant is on the corner of a bunch of row houses. Driving through, you would hardly expect there to be a cute brunch place in the neighborhood. Walk in and you'll be pleasantly surprised with a bright and cozy room that looks like it could be your living room. Coffee comes quickly and is nice and strong. 
In terms of the food, there's a large selection of omelettes (either with predetermined combinations or make-your-own), skillet bakes, eggs benedicts, and pancakes/french toast. I got the Luigi omelette (italian sausage, provolone, peppers and onions): a perfect ratio of egg to filling with the egg very nice and fluffy. The plate was huge and I took half of it home to eat for lunch the next day. The home run, though, was my friend's pumpkin french toast, which was made with real challah bread, sliced thick and extremely moist and fluffly. The mountain of whipped cream on top helped too. 
The waitress was very accommodating as she let us sit there for 3 hours while we yapped away and kept on offering to refill our coffee and get us drinks. All in all, worth the drive down the turnpike... Didn't think I could find a brunch spot so good in Philly.We have gone to this place several times due to its close proximity to a friends house, and have experienced consistent long wait times.  We waited 45-60 minutes from ordering until receiving our food.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive, but I suspect this restaurant is under staffed in the kitchen or lacks the capacity to cook for a 20-30 seat cafe.    Menu is diverse and cost is in line with similar establishments.  
Good food, extremely slow (but polite) service.  
Management could use a visit from Jon Taffer!I like this place a lot but was a lil disappointed when I went last time because I ordered a skillet special and it was a bit on the greasy side . I'm guessing the cook might've been overwhelmed because the place is mostly always packed. Hoping the next time I go my food is better . The drinks are to die for and the staff is absolutely amazing!The Hinge is one of those  places that you cannot adequately describe in a review.   While it  doesn't seem to be anything special on the outside, it is like nowhere  else on the inside. Take  your first few steps into The Hinge, and  you'll think you are in a neighborhood coffee shop. By the  time you pass the front counter, you may hear someone on the piano (yes, the piano)   as aromas from gourmet coffees, desserts and even wonderfully prepared hot foods, compete for your attention. If you accidentally turn-around to face the door at this point, you may accidentally forget where you are and suddenly think you've stepped into a great cafe in a far-off place. You'll look around, and you'll swear that the place is not big enough to have the atmosphere that it emits. The Breakfasts at The Hinge are like nowhere else, and their dinners  and desserts are well  worth the trip as well. It may very well become your hideout, in plain  sight, as t has become one of mine  :-)I loved this place after only one time of going there. My girlfriend Amanda C. had been trying to get our friends to venture to Port Richmond to go here for ages and I am SO glad we did.
The food is phenomenal, both the breakfast stuff and the lunch stuff. I got a veggie panini which I thought would be pretty standard but it was just great - the bread, vegetables, and condiments were spot on. My friends got breakfast dishes which looked great too, and everyone left really full.
Coffee is refilled practically the moment that it's empty. The wait staff is super nice. The decorations are really cute. Good mix of neighborhood people, families, and 20s and 30s types.
I understand it gets a little crowded on weekends, but I do not care at all.Coming home from a long, exciting  weekend, my husband and I were looking s good old fashion breakfast . He recommended Hinge. It was so worth it. Eggs over easy, bacon well done and breakfast potatoes with onions ... it was the perfect breakfast ... we will definately return for more :)The food here is super fantastic and I love the fact that it is out of annoying Northern Liberties with its throngs of penquin hipsters who all seem to think and act the same way. I love the fact that The Hinge is a jewel island tucked away from annoying Hipster Land. Linda the waitress is the best; who doesn't love her? I wish the owners were more friendly--too often they seem grumpy and unsmiling and they never say hello even though they "know" you. What's up with that? I will continue to go despite this, however.We brunched at Hinge Café on New Year's Day. It was great that they were open and we were able to call ahead to check on the wait time and put our name in for a table for four. I scored a parking space directly across the street, which is always a good start to a new year! We only waited about 5 minutes for our table. Business was brisk also.
As other Yelp reviewers have mentioned, the portion sizes are pretty large and everything did taste very fresh. The menu had a neighborhood diner feel and the staff was pleasant and attentive. We had pancakes, French toast, and Eggs Benedict. The only complaint was one person in our party abhors powdered sugar and they put that on her whole wheat and nut pancakes.  In the rare case powder sugar is not your thing, let them know when you order pancakes or French toast, as it will come with this. Hinge Café's brewed coffee from Greenstreet Coffee Roasters was excellent. 
We had a very nice brunch at Hinge Café and would definitely come backI may be completely biased because I work here, but I'll just say it means I get to taste lots of the menu and am a very thorough critic of this place!
The Hinge Cafe is comfort food through and through, big warm portions of gooey eggs and hot coffee will definitely keep you happy through the whole day. I've had quite a bit of the menu but my recommendations include:
1) Anything grits! Buttery, salty, and peppery, oh my!
2) Anything pancakes: fluffy and usually are transformed into some delicious special (i.e. lemon ricotta pancakes right now)
3) The ceasar dressing: this is clearly homemade dressing. The flavor is amazing and it's a creamy ceasar, which is my favorite
4) The chipotle mayo: I have so many people ask for a side of this because it is simply divine!!
5) The breakfast burritos/quesadillas: you will have a second portion that you can eat for a snack/full meal depending on you!
All in all, the Hinge Cafe is cheap, run with pride, has great turn over with specials (weekday specials almost daily), and the food is amazing. There may be times where you'll have to wait on a weekend, but what's new? This is Philly and we get serious about brunch.I recently moved a couple of blocks away from Hinge and it is my absolute favorite spot for brunch. It is absolutely adorable. The staff is always friendly and I have yet to have anything less than a wonderful, fresh and tasty meal here after trying about ten or so menu items. 
The cinnamon bun french toast is a favorite, as is the chocolate covered banana latte special they had last time I was in. My boyfriend loves the meatball skillet, and we both love all of the options they have for breakfast sides (it can be hard to find turkey bacon out). Lunch has also been stellar. They have this great panini with chicken, basil, tomato and balsamic.Excellent food, good service, big portions, fair prices, cute cafe.....Is a local gem...I work near by and wasn't familiar with any good neighborhood spots for lunch. Tucked away and off the beaten path but well worth the effort of finding on Yelp! Brought a colleague here for lunch, as he loves discovering new, small neighborhood spots. He doesn't like chains!! Hinge is a winner! Our waitress, Bridget was awesome, offering a friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Great food, tasty and reasonable. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for good food and great service!Love the Hinge!  Very trendy, cute spot in the neighborhood.  Great staff & excellent food.  Their menu rotates from time to time, so there is always somethign new to try.
For the record though, this is in PORT RICHMOND not KENSINGTON!!  Port Richmond kids are very careful about this distinction.1st time at this Port Richmond establishment. I came for the pancakes but the pear and fig oatmeal jumped out at me. Definitely a great choice. I still ordered the pancakes, multigrain with pecans.  The oatmeal came 1st and the pancakes 5 minutes later. I'd like to think my waitress was watching me and wanted to wait until I was close to finishing my oatmeal before bringing out the pancakes. But is all good. I noticed the other patrons around me, most ordered eggs and potatoes and bacon. Healthy portions with some not able to finish and asking for a doggy bag. One female patron who was wardrobe challenged complained her potatoes were too greasy.  Tasting like they were made yesterday.  Her partner enjoyed whatever he ordered. Definitely would go back for more oatmeal and to try an omelet. Go early as I was leaving at 10 there was a 20 min wait.Great food. Great service. It's a little on the small side but I guess most would say it was cozy. I like to spread out though so don't go by me. It's still a wonderful restaurant.I know that if I'm going to update my review, I should do it because my opinion changed, but GUESS WHAT? I still think this place is the best, I just have more reasons to think so now. 
I've gone to the Hinge for years for the best (THE BEST) brunch in Philadelphia. I rarely wait for a table, or coffee, the waitresses are awesome, and the food is top-notch. In 5+ years, I've had one less-than-awesome experience, and it wasn't even worth mentioning.
Last night I came to love the Hinge in a whole new way. We planned a party for my parents' 60th birthdays and the Hinge made the whole experience fantastic. Simone was super responsive over email, and helped me plan a great menu AND stay within my budget. On the night of, I hooked up my playlist, set out flower arrangements, and welcomed my folks into their favorite brunch place, which was now our private party space! My entire family was so impressed with the decor and the service. Our waitress Jill paid very close attention to everyone's orders for food & drink. After we sang and blew out candles (that Jill brought out because I forgot them!) they took the cake back and portioned it out into individual slices, half on plates and half to go! Everyone ate their faces off AND took goodie bags home. 
The hardest part of this entire experience was keeping the secret from my parents. The staff @ the Hinge made everything so easy! I can't thank them enough for taking a lot of stress off my shoulders so I could enjoy the party with my family! If you are looking for a cozy, comfortable space for a party, where you can play your own music, get served amazing food, and enjoy stellar service from awesome people, my recommendation is to get on the horn with Simone and reserve the date NOW! You won't be sorry.I would start by saying: please don't come here - but there's more than enough seating for all of us, so please, do, come here! The food on this menu is crazy. If you want a simple breakfast sandwich, you got it. But if you want some fancy french toast with peanut butter cups, you can have that too. You want a cup of black tea? OK - no problem. But if you want a fancy custom iced coffee, you can get that as well. The only problem I have with this place is it's method of payment. If you go with one other person you probably won't get to the $20.00 minimum needed for a credit/debit card since the prices are super reasonable. In the end, this is a definite go-to for breakfast/lunch, for sure.if more stars were an option, i would rate hinge higher.
picture it: 
port richmond, wednesday, late into the afternoon, and needing a cake for the girlfriend's birthday by friday evening.
entered "birthday cake" into yelp's "search for" section, then proceeded to call every available bakery for the next several hours. hinge is number 50.
after calling dozens of bakeries, i learned that some places were either closed by 5p (which is interesting to note) or had closed entirely (which is entirely sad to know), or, simply could not manage a cake with only two-days notice; fair enough on all accounts. by this point it was 8:30p, and it felt like my hand was going to fall off.
and then there was hinge. 
i spoke with a super friendly server who immediately put T (not sure if its an initial-only deal so we'll just go with that), the head dining and pastry chef, on the phone. we decided to meet in person, it honestly could not have been a more pleasant experience.
T was so receptive to what i wanted. she didn't talk over me, question the flavors i had chosen, or show fear in the face of a two day deadline (primary responses from the calls that afternoon to appr. 30 other bakeries). 
the result was.. amazing. remarkable. truly inspiring. she created exactly the flavor combination i was seeking: a summery blend of lemon, coconut and fresh strawberry. 
one layer of frosting consisted of their limoncello cream and another of delicious coconut. strewn atop were perfectly ripened strawberries and edible white chocolate leaves (some colored green, how cute!) for decoration. the cake itself was a delightfully dense, moist cake with loads of flavor, coupled with a pretty red/orange icing for the inscription. T, hinge, and the cake not only met my expectations, but sincerely exceeded them.
this cake was full of delectable, discernable flavors that felt light on the tongue and yet full in the mouth. i have now put hinge on retainer for all my celebratory cake needs. 
speaking of which, my mother's birthday is in a week and a half and i'm seriously putting my order in monday.Ive had so many great meals here.
Recently I introduced a friend to this place for lunch and it occurred to me that it's been way too long since I've been there.  Then I wondered why I hadn't yelped it!
Food's great, atmosphere nice, service excellent.  Really, I hold it up as equal to Honey's and Sabrina's.  It's location makes it better in that there's never a wait for a table like there is at those two spots.  If you've not tried the Hinge, well, get there.
Breakfast and brunch are super but I have never been disappointed in their dinners either.  Their prices are made for this economy, trust me.I love the hinge! Great grits. Great service! Cinnabon pancakes are amazing!On a bike ride through the area last weekend looking for new places for breakfast, we decided to stop in and give Hinge a try.  Though the restaurant was busy with weekend brunchers, we were quickly seated and offered water and drinks.
We started with some coffee and tea as we looked over the menu.  As we looked up from our menus, we also noticed how much fun this place is for people watching!  We loved the atmosphere.  The Huevos Rancheros were excellent.  Served on tortilla chips, the balance of black beans, runny eggs and cheese melting over them was perfect.  My wife had the two-egg special.  They were perfectly cooked and served with home potatoes and bread.
We liked the friendly and efficient service too.  I can't wait to go back for a stab at the lunch menu.  There are lots of interesting selections on both the brunch and lunch menus that I am sure will add stars to my reviews for Hinge.
Keep up the great work!Great coffee. So good, I bring a pound of their blend home (whole bean). As far as the food goes, I only got the French toast here, and it is very good.The boy and I have been looking for a new breakfast spot, and having lived only a few blocks from this place for YEARS, we began to kick ourselves for never trying Hinge out.
And ohmygod. The place is adorable. The service was super fast and friendly. And the food? We were those people walking out the door, passing by customers waiting for a table, proclaiming "That was awesome! Holy crap!"
The boy got the Italian skillet with andouille sausage, broccoli rabe, and potatoes. He's got a crazy appetite but announced mid meal "I think this is going to be the first dish I actually can't finish." What he couldn't eat he excitedly packed away in a to go box. I had the two bennies. It was cooked perfectly. Flavor in every bite. I'm the opposite, notorious for never finishing a meal. Well, yesterday morning I actually finished my entire plate.
Long story short. It was awesome and we'll be back.Group Fun at the Hinge!
I organize a group of foodies and the Hinge agreed to host our beer tasting event.  The chef offered a 4 course meal, with delicious offerings like hinge-made pirogies, lollipop lambchops, beef bruchetta and (my fave) a great sampling of three desserts.. to name a few items that still get me hungry at the slightest thought back.   The food, service and atmosphere were perfect! I highly recommend the Hinge for anyone wanting a great spot for a group!  Ive been a big fan, for years, of the downstairs cafe but the upstairs was very nicely finished and appropriate for both formal or casual occasions.
Feel free to see my extended review of the menu at: http://foodie-group.blogspot.com/2011/02/foodie-event-15-tasting-menu-beer.htmlCharming place with good service and a serious brunch menu. Definitely leans toward the carnivores. My crab cakes bennies (a special today) were delicious except the eggs were overpoached. I am picky on breakfast potatoes and these were cooked to give a good mix of soft and crispy and were well-seasoned. Would go back for sure if we end up looking for a good bite in the area again.Absolutely love the french toast here. They have the best Bananas Foster French toast and Monte Cristo.Firstly, GREAT COFFEE!!!  We had breakfast here on our way out of town, and it was lovely.  Fresh fruit cups and breakfast burritos hit the spot the day after running a half marathon.  The food was fresh and fast, and the service was amazingly friendly.  A little out of the way from center city, but a great stop that I'd happily recommend.There is a reason there are so many positive reviews, so stop reading and just go. LOL But if you want more details...
Eight of us celebrated a friend's birthday and she could not have found a better venue. Charming with a separate area for large groups, free parking, cost conscious, delicious fare (I had turkey chili!) and BYOB where they opened your bottles (we had a few!).
EVERYONE enjoyed their meal and it was cooked to order (very important for the birthday girl to have a light and fluffy omelette).
We were serenaded by Mr. Piano Man "Tommy" (loved him!) including a Happy Birthday tune. An extra bonus was the owner/chef Simone was also present and came out per our request (did I say the food was awesome?). Linda our server was efficient and very nice. Could we have wished for more? Bigger stomachs. LOL I guess we must just go again...soon.My Daughter & I had Valentine's Dinner @ the Hinge, the 4 course meal was phenomenal, the ambience remarkable, & the staff extremely cordial. I had such a great experience I followed up with their exceptional brunch. I could only wish that Chef Stanley & his Sous Chef Amber fed me everyday.Best  Breakfast spot in philly, the food is excellent and the service is great. I recommend this place to anyone visiting the city and to breakfast lovers like myself.Love this place!! Bridgette was a darling who served us wonderful food! We were two and ordered food for 5! The quantity is huge and very well done. We ordered the canoli French toast, egg scrabbled, super breakfast burrito! Yum!Awesome neighborhood jem. Food and coffee both amazing, great choices. Staff extremely nice and accommodating. Very casual but ambience is comfortable and I love the local art. will be coming back often and soon!
P.s. shortly after my meal, I Had to order the cinnamon bun pancakes. I couldn't imagine someone taking down a full stack with out their heart bursting or slipping into a  diabetic coma at the table... But words can't express what i felt inside after i had them.Cute little place tucked in a residential neighborhood. Friendly staff and comfy atmosphere. I ordered the lemon-ricotta pancakes which were good but couldn't really taste the distinctive flavors. Boyfriend ordered Monte Cristo and the Grilled Challah and potatoes. The monte cristo was excellent oh and their chicken apple sausage is tasty and I normally don't like sausage. The place didn't blow me away (hence 4 stars) but overall it was a good experience and I would recommend it for brunch.the website for hinge cafe lists the following definitions for its namesake:
      1. a natural and anatomical joint in which motion occurs
      2. a principal on which something is based or depends
      3. that which brings things together
fittingly, after months of planning, it was hinge that finally brought my girlfriends and i together for dinner this past weekend. we wanted somewhere veggie friendly, somewhere chill, somewhere different from our usual haunts...and this hidden gem of port richmond offered all of the above, along with being BYO. sold!
upon entering what felt more like someone's house than a restaurant, we were warmly welcomed to our table by the hostess along with tommy, who provided the showtunes-laden soundtrack to our meal. the three of us shared two apps to start - the neopolitan salad and the baked brie. the gooey, candied richness of the apple, pear, cranberry & walnut drenched brie was nicely balanced against the lightness of the salad - a crisp mix of vegetables, feta & greens atop a sheet of homemade lasagna in a citrus basil vinaigrette. we devoured them both!
for her entrée, my one friend selected the small plate of gnocchi du jour, which on this nite featured a blue cheese cream sauce. the one forkful i tried was quite good, and tho i personally found it a bit heavy for an entire dish, it hit the spot with my stinky-cheese loving friend, and was a perfectly sized portion for this pasta.
despite our mutual hesitation with eggplant, my other friend & i decided to face our fears and chose the eggplant parm for our main course. a twist on the standard italian preparation, it featured 2 huge, thin, provolone-covered slices of deeply fried eggplant over top a bed of angel hair pasta in a light sun-dried tomato laden sauce with a side of asparagus. fears be damned! we were both quite happy with the selection, and i enjoyed it just as much, if not slightly more, when i heated up my heaping pile of leftovers for lunch the next day.
there's always room for dessert, right? well, that's what we told our full bellies as we ordered one slice each of the house made chocolate ganache and caramel coconut topped oatmeal cake. sadly, i had to call it quits after just a few bites of each sweet treat, tho what i did try has me longing for more now that i'm not so stuffed!
service was attentive but not overly so, allowing us to dine at a leisurely pace and not rushing us out the door as we essentially closed the place down whilst drinking our wine and conversing with tommy the piano player - an entertainer extraordinaire! with a dinner menu that changes monthly (plus a great sounding brunch!), and affordable prices (our entire check came to a mere $71), i will most definitely be back.I can't say enough good things about this place. The food is great, the staff is very attentive and the food is great, wait I already said that right? But it's true about everything. Their eggs Benedict and Crabs Benedict are just so out of this stratosphere. I know you're probably thinking maybe I'm going too far but all I can say is stop in and see for yourself. You will not be disappointed.Hinge has been our brunch spot for as long as I can remember. The food, ambiance, and staff are a rare find. My husband found this hidden gem, and we have since brought all of our families and friends to gather and enjoy the food. We even hosted a party here. 
They have monthly/holiday specials, so the food is always changing, but if you're like me and like to stick to the regular, you can count on that as well. The coffee is the best - nowhere else like it - strong. 
We've tried Cafe La Maude, Green Eggs Cafe, Jerry's Bar, and many other places, but nothing ever really compares to Hinge. 
My faves are definitely:
Cinnabon pancakes
Chocolate chip pancakes
San Francisco's Benny's (special)
Crab cake bennies (weekend only) 
Corn beef has (special)Awesome brunch! We went a peak brunch time, and there was a little bit of a wait (but they offered us coffee while we waited, so who can complain!). The pancakes were on point, and the prices were reasonable. We will be back again soon.I don't give 5 stars often but really found no reason to drop them down to a 4. Got here around 930 on a Sunday and was seated right away. Staff was friendly and attentive, prices were reasonable. Pretty big inside, we were seated in the main dining area but there looked to be two other rooms for larger tables. I ordered the special crab cake Benedict and had to try the cinnamon bun pancake (just a single), my husband ordered the over the boarder skillet and everything was delicious. I am not a huge sweets person but the cinnamon bun pancake was SO GOOD! see pictures! Will definitely be backWent in for lunch/brunch on Saturday to find it surprisingly not very crowded for 12pm. That's super duper rare for a place with such high ratings! Dope.
Ok. True, the staff are all neighborhood locals who are very amiable and that's definitely one of things this cafe has going for itself. However everything else was just normal okay, not very inventive, or particularly tasty. We ordered a quesadilla and the mozzarella and tomato panini with chicken. Food took 30-40 minutes to come which was odd since there were only about 20 customers tops in the restaurant. Unlimited ice coffee refills kept me content. Then when the food did come out they neglected to put in the veggies in the quesadilla so the waitress came in and put them in on the side. Made me giggle. My panini must have been made first and was waiting on the quesadilla because it was so super soggy. 
If I lived in the neighborhood I would have no problem frequenting this place, but not worth going out of your way to come here. Rare that I disagree with the majority, so I'll have to come back and try again!Eaten here plenty of times.  Food is okay.  Today we decided to take out.  They rudely refused our order "ughhhhh we're like in the middle of our brunch rush and aren't taking orders"   Soup Kitchen Cafe for us from now on.  Better food even better serviceBeen here several times and food is awesome, but service game sucks. Went this Sunday morning at 11am, was told a 20 min wait, an hour and a half later I'm on my way to Burger King.I went on a Sunday around noon and we had to wait 15mins for 2ppl, which is not so bad for a brunch place! I was very excited to try this "hidden gem" and was studying the menu with my friend as we waited. The selection of menu isn't that long, so you like it more if you like the concise ones. Once we got seated, we found the specialty menu at our tables and got more excited to see more options. I decided to go for the Combo platter which includes the short stack of  French toast (can choose to get the pancakes instead as well) , potatoes and eggs. My friend went w/ the The Bennys which is what Hinge calls their eggs benedict. The bottomless black coffee at Hinge is really great- not too dark for those who don't like bold, but not too mild either for those who don't like watery coffee. When our food came out, I got really excited to see the pretty platings and decent portions.
The french toast looked really fresh and a short stack was two full slices of french toast (the full stack is probably 4 slices). This w/ 2 sides was the perfect portion for a petite girl to feel really full. The potatoes were cooked really nicely w/ a good crunch and crispy edges, however, they were very greasy so I was disappointed in that. The Bennys was overall 3stars as well because the ham was pretty salty. The poached eggs balanced out  the saltiness a little which made it better.
The service was great, very polite and quick servers. Clean and cute decor makes the place feel homey. Hinge cafe is good but I wasn't sure why it is called the "hidden gem". I would come back if a friend wanted to try it out, but I would not crave anything that'd make me come back on my own.Stopped by on a Tuesday morning with my daughter. I had the burrito special, which was very large and contained scrambled eggs, cheese, green peppers, onions and potatoes. It arrived with sour cream and salsa, and was one of the specials so it included coffee and was $7. My daughter had an omelette which arrived with perfectly roasted red skinned potatoes. Yummy! They had about 8 specials at $7 or less, as well as creative daily specials (honey walnut pancakes) and the regular menu. We had a delicious breakfast for $15. Excellent coffee. There is a $30 minimum to use a credit card, but they do have an ATM machine inside. The desserts in the case looked delicious. Lots of art for sale on the walls.With our wedding only a week away my fiance and I are trying to keep ourselves relaxed before the family shows up (which usually requires us to work our way through a bottle of aspirin or a bottle of whiskey). We both had really long days and wanted to find a quick place for dinner that was close to the house. Using Google Maps I found HINGE. 
We arrived at the place within 3 minutes of leaving our house; next time I will walk. Upon entering the establishment we noticed how much like a coffee shop it looked. We then realized that the house next door was attached, providing ample seating (our server also told us there was an upstairs). 
-- Hinge has a rotating menu that changes every month.  Some of the house favorites, like the Penne Vodka remain, but most items rotate. 
Appetizer: The Wedge Salad - $6 - a 1/3 of a head of Iceberg lettuce cleaned and cut. The salad is then topped with house made blue cheese dressing, cherry tomatoes, red onion and delicious blue cheese crumbles.  I am going to be SOOOOOO disappointed when they take this salad off the menu next month. 
Entree: Penne Vodka - $13 - Firstly, this dish is delicious.  The sauce is composed of fresh tomatoes, garlic and cream that is blended smooth.  It is slightly spicy and slightly sweet. This dish is so ^&*() fantastic!  It is the perfect compliment to the crusty, sesame crusted bread that is served with olive oil to start off your meal.  I am going to have a hard time getting another entree at HINGE without this item sitting in the back of my mind. Relax my friends, this dish is on the regular menu!!! Praise Science! 
Roasted Garlic and Spinach Ravioli -  A little pricy...$15 or $16...BUT VERY, VERY good!
The cappuccinos were great. The waitstaff was very friendly and well informed. Everything seemed to be made in house and was extraordinaire.  Hinge is a BYOB restaurant which has both white and red wine glasses. If you make it there (even for coffee and a dessert) make sure you try one of the desserts in the case that is labeled "T's...." All of the desserts we have tried thus far with "T's....." in the title have been delicious. Bravo T.  My pastry chef wife wants some of your recipes.Why didn't know about this place sooner?  There aren't any good brunch spots in the NE so I yelped to find this hidden gem on a Sunday at 1pm and glad to walk right into an available table for 2!  I ordered the breakfast combo which came with 2 eggs, side of french toast or pancakes ( i ordered french toast with bananas) and breakfast potatoes with a side of turkey bacon.  OMG, the best roasted potatoes I've ever had, it was so friggin flavorful I ate them piping hot!  the french toast was just perfect.  they served us two slices of challah french toast and i had to take the leftover one home to savor the rest of the deliciousness.  Coffee was good, my daughter was very happy with her scrambled eggs and french toast as well :)  
Only recommendation is to have crayon and coloring paper available for the impatient younger ones :)    I'll be back soon with my other half!Hinge offers a satisfying mix of adventurous hipsters from the neighboring hoods and a healthy dosing of Port Richmond's finest.  I kid, but it seems to be a spot at an interesting cross roads.  Having lived in Port Richmond since 2008, I've seen the crowd slowly change over time and the place get more and more popular.  While the lunch is delicious, this is really a nice go-to spot for breakfast in the neighborhood.  Great pancakes, great omlettes, excellent bacon.  The service is friendly but not overbearing.  
Much to my surprise, if you show up after 10 or so on the weekend, be prepared to wait!  
Parking wise, there is plenty of street parking.I travel to Hinge once or twice a month from the far northeast area. I like Hinge because it is convenient to I95, the food is good, the service is good, and the prices are great. I wish they had more places like this in the far northeast. I really like their breakfast/brunch menu, if you go try the "bennies"with ham! Their also always changing the dinner menu monthly, so there always something new to try. Its not 4star dining, but it's a far cry from diner food, I definitely say try it!I rarely review restaurants but this time I feel it would be unfair if I did not. Probably my favorite brunch/breakfast Resturant ever. It's location makes it all the more intriguing. The atmosphere ,decor ,service and food all stellar. Time is taken to make quality food served at reasonable prices. We had "the Bennies" which are delicious. My husband had traditional(Canadian Bacon). I had with fresh spinach. My son had chocolate chip pancakes and my daughter had breakfast Quesadilla. 5 star..
Gotta go!This is the first five star review I've ever given. I'm admittedly pretty picky, and I always think the experience could be improved even if only slightly. On this visit though, absolutely everything was exactly right. Service was great, very attentive. The food was out of this world good. I had the loafer scramble, and it was the best meatloaf I have ever tasted. My husband had a green chili chicken dish with sunny side up eggs and he loved his dish as well. This definitely becomes our go to restaurant in this area.Update: This weekend I got the pumpkin French toast with pecan butter and it literally left me speechless. I was having a hard time deciding between that, the apple crumb French toast, and the Snickers pancakes, but I am confident I made the best choice. It is, afterall, the season of the pumpkin.
My friend got the garden omelette and I think it weighed around 7 pounds. It was *gigantic.*
I'm already thinking about what I'm going to get next time........And so my wife and I recently planned an event with Simone, Linda, and Mark from Hinge.
How we came to work with Hinge was that my wife spoke with Simone, and found her to be very flexible and down to earth. Little did we know that she was also immensely intuitive AND creative. 
My wife and I left much of the menu for our event to Simone & Mark's discretion -- and I must say, even now days later people are STILL talking about how much they enjoyed the spread that Hinge put together. My big take away from the food they prepared: in my 28 years of existence, I've never (seriously, never) had a better pasta salad than the one they made. My wife loved their Greek salad and the breads they brought too. 
And again speaking of Simone & Linda's creativity and talent, the room that we hosted our event in was more or less unrecognizable -- its ambience had been utterly transformed -- vastly upgraded by the touches they and their staff added.
I would recommend anyone in working with them to definitely leave room for their creative zest. Finally, their support staff were INCREDIBLY nice -- all of them had big smiles, and offered to help in any way they could. 
They made our event a true knock out."What a find!! Delicious soup and salad, Friendly service, Really, really good coffee Definitely worth coming back. The brunch menu looks awesome"
This little place is a real pleasure that was a startling surprise discovery in Port Richmond that is unlike most of the local food venues.We went to brunch on a Sunday.  They had all four girls working, bussing tables, playing hostess, running food, taking orders, being a barista....There was no organized hosting seating process and we had to wait forever to sit and to even order coffee.  The food was ok, nothing special.It's all about the Banana Foster's French Toast and Breakfast Bruschetta!  Delicous food and the service is great; that's everything you need to know about the Hinge!The food is awesome! I highly recommend the cinnamon bun pancakes with cream cheese topping. The quality of the food is high while the prices are low. They also have awesome chai tea, which I am very picky about. The only problem I have is that I wish they would use their Twitter more, maybe post the daily specials on there. I like that they do takeout, and knowing the specials would probably get me in there more often.Lets talk Atmosphere:
I love everything about this place if you refer to my images in this location, i love that the sun beams in so its bright. I live the fact that cops are always in this place ALWAYS! So at the same time you feel Safe! I love that its so cute and nicely put together they have pillows on the tables towards the wall! YOU guys they have PAINTINGS on the walls that you can purchase I KNOWWWW!!! Its so cool! The atmosphere is calm & very respectful no ones cursing no ones being loud its an amazing atmosphere! 
Lets talk Service:
I love all the ladies here my coworkers & i are always coming in the morning before work & i love that after the second time they already knew who we were & they were so nice! To me that goes a LONG way!!! The ladies are so nice & always smiling! When your drinks are running low they are already refilling for you :) they come to make sure your food is exactly how you asked! They are just amazing!
Lets talk FOOD:
Omgggg i mean amazingggg food!!!! Its so fresh & tasteful!!! I have absolutely no complaints with food NOT ONCE have i had one!!! Its so well seasoned & just mouth watering that just typing this review is making my mouth water lol 
Well Thats it guys!!The food is incredible and very reasonable. I had the special romaine chopped salad with chicken. The sun dried tomato dressing was amazing!! Also the chicken was cooked perfectly and I am very picky about chicken.My wife and I dropped by when we were in the neighborhood. I had the Monte Cristo. It was alright, and nothing to write home about.
They also kept the front door open in late December, which made the entire dining area freezing. We asked them to close the door (they did), but they kept on opening it again. Not sure what was up with that.Very nice breakfast menu. Some creative items to choose from. This was my first time here and I had the Huevos Rancheros. Not the same as I had in Mexico,but a pleasant rendition. I plan to return until I have eaten my way through the menu. Oh and before I forget, the staff are a delightful group. Attentive and personable.Breakfast...is an awkward meal...and men are really weird. I mean like really super bizarre. Hinge Cafe is perfect for men and their idiosyncratic appetites (and for women and their more normal food cravings).
So I'm not a huge eggs, pancakes and sausage fan, and generally don't enjoy breakfast unless it's of the fruit/yogurt variety, but I'm not a man either. I have a peculiar affinity for oatmeal, and Hinge Cafe serves up a succulent bowl of the stuff, thick enough for Poppa Bear, studded with enough dried fruit for Mama bear, and sweet enough for on-a-diet Baby Bear. 
...back to the men thing. HInge cafe offers their full lunch menu for breakfast as well. This means your sweetheart or sonny boy or father dearest can order a giant tomato, basil, mozzarella panini without fret. 
...and he'll probably make you a little crazy too by ordering a bowl of the best turkey chili you've ever had...at 9:00 a.m. or any time of day, for that matter. Thick, spicy, hearty, warming, and full of beans, meat and whatever else goes in chili, this is the perfect side dish to his panini and your...oatmeal.Phenomenal food and service...we were there for brunch and had no wait...great coffee...shared the tomato mozzarella salad...delicious..salmon omelette...perfectly seasoned...so glad I found this place.It was very cute cozy place in philly,very family oriented.Very nice presentation of food and sweets.Awesome service very attentive to clients .This was absolutely delicious.
We had the Irish Benny and the skillet and both were phenomenal. The hollandaise sauce was a perfect combination of savory and sweet and the eggs were well poached. The potatoes were flavorful. The French toast was thick and chewy and not too sweet. The decor was also welcoming and unique and service was quick and warm. All in all a great experience and we would definitely come back.WOWIE ZOWIE
where the hell did this place come from?!
Tucked deep in port richmond, where many of you would probably not care to trek to is the best little brunch spot that i've found in a long long time. decided to go here after doing a quick yelp search on my phone for nearby brunch (i was in kensington). this was high up on the list of nearby spots so we decided "why not try something new!" and got in the car.
This place is warm and welcoming. Definitely a locals sort of joint. Clean and cutely decorated. The servers were a bunch of sweethearts. It reminded me a bit of Ida Mae's but much, much better.  The menu was full of mouthwatering sounding things. As I perused it, we got piping hot coffee and ordered. I decided on getting one of the specials...gingerbread pancakes (tis the season!) and a side of one egg. my brunch companion ordered the vegetarian breakfast burrito. Our food was out pretty quick, but as we waited I kept seeing all of the food being brought out to the other tables and my oh my, the stuff looked glorious. I was getting really excited for my food. When it arrived at our table, I dug in! The short stack was REALLY short (two thin pancakes, and one was smaller than the other..much smaller) but still so festive and delicious tasting I didn't mind. My egg came with a couple slices of banana on the side. I tasted a bit of the breakfast burrito, too. It had potato chunks and perfectly cooked pepper and onion.
When we were done eating, our empty plates were promptly whisked away, and our coffee was topped off with the bill. We were allowed to sit without feeling rushed while we finished our last cup. Everything about my experience here was perfect. I can't wait to return!Honestly, I woke up this morning wanting breakfast and a burrito, and I decided why not get a breakfast burrto, at noon haha!.. So I figured I may as well try someplace new and yelped for a veg friendly breakfast joint! Hinge popped up.. I genuinely didn't notice the "E" for east when looking at the address and thought Hinge was on the west side of the city, lets just say while driving down ridge looking for somerset I finally realized this. I already had my mind set on going here, so we hopped on the e-way went to the east side and finally found hinge. let's just say it was well worth the trip.. 
I had the breakfast burrito.. It was AWESOME! and HUGE all for only 6$!!! I also had the cheese cake, which i trekked around center city back to home and didn't eat until about 6pm and it was still AWESOME! YES YES YES!! my partner had the challah.. and some eggs. I tried his challah it was frigging amazing!! I'm more of a savory person for anything breakfast related,  but they were definitely worth ordering. 
The space is pretty quaint, cool decor, super clean bathroom, and although the staff seems to disappear frequently ( I suppose with only 2 people working and the dining area taken care of they were trying to handle multiple things like writing the lunch specials... or something.. idk.. I don't care either. If I go again I'll definitely order ahead, the wait was quite annoying, but the food was well worth it.... all in all I'm in, but this place is SUPER FAR!I am late to the Hinge party, but I've come here for breakfast/brunch the last two Saturdays and plan to continue doing that for the forseeable future. The coffee is so, so good, the staff is friendly even though they are super busy, and the food, whether creative or standard, is perfectly cooked. 
I am especially picky about eggs, and I've ordered them over medium and scrambled and both were amazing. The scrambled was actually more like a lovely omelette. 
It's plenty of food; I've taken a box lunch home both times. 
Other highlights: the challah french toast and the breakfast potatoes.
It's cozy without being claustrophobia-inducing,  and there's a nice mix of patrons - lots of colors of people, and a range in ages from babies to seniors. Everybody gets the same quick, friendly service, and if you have to wait for a table you can order your coffee to sip while you're waiting. I can't believe it took me so long to finally come here!Great place!! The apple chicken sausage omelet  was very good, plus they gave us complimentary mimosas on New Year's Day- nice touch.Hinge is wonderful. I've been here multiple times for both brunch and dinner. Their portions are amazing and definitely leave you with another meal. Brunch is pure comfort food. Today, I had their bananas foster french toast and my friend had the breakfast quesadilla. Both were fantastic. Always get their coffee drinks. Dinner is a real culinary treat. They have simple dishes with some complex touches. All around great atmosphere.Hinge Cafe was awesome. They are a cute little cafe in the heart of Port Richmond. Definitely try to the Cinnamon Bun Pancakes if you like sweet and delicious brunch options.worst service. watched a party of 3, 5, and 2 seated before us even though we were there 1st. When we asked the girl at the counter she said they called in but my husband looked at the list and the hostess crossed out the name ahead of us and put theirs. I ate there twice before and it really was not good so we decided to leave and go to Ida Maes who seated us immediately and the food was delicious  and a few bucks cheaper.o.k. I gave it 5-stars because it deserved it - the wait for the food to come out seemed a bit longer than it should be, but the quality of the food, the portions, and the friendly service made it all well worth it.  I think I have to say this is the BEST of the BEST for breakfast that I've found in Philly and yes I've been to Sabrina's, Honey's, Estelle's and more - the 5-star rating and the fact that I'm stuffed and satisfied (to include bringing 1/2 home) says it all.  Check this place out.Hinge is the perfect neighborhood brunch spot. I like  the casual feel and  lack of attitude. The location is a bit off the beaten track for most people but worth heading out to this charming part of Port Richmond for reasonably priced generous portions of delicious food. The breakfast bruschetta with goat cheese and eggs is a special treat. The menu is interesting but not pretentious. I would give it 5 stars but I have only been for breakfast. This is a warm inviting and unpretentious place.Meal came fast and it was very good. I don't eat carbs but I couldn't resist the potatoes.Great atmosphere, unique and delicious food, and the service makes you feel like family. I had a special for breakfast, which was pineapple upside down pancakes, and it was awesome.Went back today and still rates a 5.  Had the Southwestern Omelet - amazing - huge, fresh, spicy, and just downright delicious!  Great coffee and espresso and the service is excellent.  Can't say enough about this place.  Oh, if you go check their website because Richmond Street is closed for construction and Hinge has posted a convenient detour route - of course, I saw it after taking a tour of Fishtown and Port Richmond - so unless you know the area well - check it first!Went for breakfast, Cinnabon pancakes were great, bagel was good my GF's super spicy burrito was good but not spicy.  Cool joint and good service.  One complaint, the bacon was awful. Hard to make bad bacon but it was rubbery and absolutely no taste. Upsetting but all in all good food and will be backThis place has become a regular go-to spot for me. The food has been excellent every time I've been there. (And I've been there a LOT.) There's also a different brunch special menu pretty frequently, so it's always worth it to see what new things might be on the menu. They have great seasonal specialty drinks as well as some other delicious teas and lattes. Even the servers have been friendly and wonderful. My only complaint is that they're only open for brunch.Never had a bad meal. I loooovvveeee their creativeness with food. We are regulars. Try them you will not be disappointed.It's a homey place and a bit Northern Lib.
Really not bad at all but found the chewy part of an onion in my Omelet and the other Vegs were a bit crunchy also.
The others at my table didn't seem to see it.  Yet!  I do tend to get s little Gordon Ramsey!
;)Very solid cafe! Had lunch bc I was in the area. Salad--the roasted pear was very good along with the chicken Parmesan soup. Was not that impressed with the chicken panini but the breakfast items my table mates got all looked delicious!This place has a great brunch menu, easy parking, and even some live music from time to time. The service is fast and friendly. Laid back atmosphere with some cool antique decorations scattered around. Get the short rib biscuit or the cinnamon bun pancakes!I was there a few weeks ago. Monday morning brunch!! Yeah!! The food is great . There specials change daily. I never had a bad meal. From what I heard they have great crab cakes but I have never tried them. In fact every time I go there I try something different. The parking around there is very bad. It is on a residential street. But it is well worth the hassle of finding a parking spot to try the Hinge. The staff is very friendly. It's a very cool place to go if your are in Port Richmond section of Philadelphia .Awesome breakfast I we had at Hinge Cafe.  I ordered the spicy burrito and the wife got the multi grain pancakes with blueberries bananas and chocolate chips.  Amazing and right here in Fishtown.Best breakfast stop in town. Bridgette is a delight and always has a smile for her customer. Winning combo!I am blown away by this mornings breakfast-- for real.  The first time I went to hinge it was good by super slow so I wasn't the happiest but this morning my brunch was incredible -- I had the winter hash with cherrywood smoked bacon, kale, goat cheese, sweet potatoes and caramelized onions with two over easy eggs and gluten free toast! My boyfriend had their cheddar jalapeño breakfast sandwich and it looked fab. Portions are great, cute atmosphere. I love it!Great food. Gourmet coffee. HUGE portions. Had two specials. Sweet potato hash with chorizo, peppers, fresh apple chunks, and onions. Quite a tasty mix I've never had before. Came with eggs your way and toast. Another time I had the seared filet mignon tips, potatoes topped with melted Gouda, eggs your way and toast. The steak was tender and the melted Gouda was a nice change from the norm. GREAT PRICES. I hope they never change. (*cough* management)I've eaten here many times and haven't been disappointed yet. It can be a little cramped but that's to expected for a hipstery joint. The food is always good. I recommend the eggs Benedict or steak and eggs for breakfast. The breakfast burrito is huge and also very good. Reasonably priced and consistently high quality food make this a go-to establish for me when up in the air in where to grab a bite.Great breakfast. Eclectic place with great coffee. Owner has been in the neighborhood 12 years and is definitely worth checking out.We stumbled upon Hinge accidentally which picking up poundcake from the amazing Stock's Bakery nearby. It was a short 15 minute wait where we were greeted by the friendly staff and offered coffee. First off, the menu is good sized and CHEAP. All of the breakfasts were under $10 and the serving sizes are incredible. The waitress was very nice and kept all of our water glasses and coffee filled. I loved how casual the staff is, it truly is a neighborhood spot that makes you feel welcome. Eggs were cooked perfectly, potatoes and turkey bacon were delicious and the french toast was truly the best I've ever had. I only wish I lived closer so that I could go every weekend.Hinge rules. They have reasonably good coffee and espresso, the breakfast items are pretty cheap and you get a ton of food, and the service is always really genuine and sweet. They haven't let me down yet, I would recommend the breakfast burrito if you plan on oral ecstasy and a two hour food coma, or the breakfast quesadillas for their overall greatness. Can't comment on anything besides the breakfast menu, but I did notice it is BYOB.This is the first time I've eaten here and tbh it was great...we dined from the breakfast menu and it was nicely flavored...NOT bland at all...cooked well. Service was great waitresses were attentive. Atomosphere was nice and cozy. Looks like they are getting rdy to undergo renovations but upon their completion we will definitely be dining here again!!!This is the second time I've been to Hinge, but the first time I ate here. My first visit I was told there would be a 30 minutes wait. No biggie. Today though I was told there would be a 15 minute wait....which I thought was weird because there were open tables. But whatever, I dont run the place, so I waited. 
Once my date and I sat down, we were offered coffee and waited for our order to be taken. It took about 35 minutes to get our food. I ordered the Breakfast Burrito and a side of potatoes. The burrito was huge. Fresh. Very good. The waitress forgot the potatoes though, so there was a wait for those. No worries though. She came out, apologized for it, and brought out a huge plate of potatoes. She even took them off the bill. That was awesome. Overall, a very good meal.
My only complaint though, is how the tables are ran. Plenty of times there were a lot of tables open, but a lot of people waiting to be sat. I dont think they will push tables together for parties of 4 or more.....thus why I didnt eat here the first time. I have 5 people with me.....there were open tables, but it would only fit if we pushed them together. They still told us we would have to wait for a table in the back to open....a 30 minute wait....but there were 2 tables with a total of 5 chairs right in front. More than 4 times, I heard the hostess call peoples names who were already sat down. 
Come here if you want really great food, but arent in a hurry to be sat within 20 minutes on a weekend.This place is "off the Hinge"!!!! The crab cake Benedict && cinnamon roll pancakes were amazing. I will definitely return.Do you ever frequent a place so often you forget you need to give them online props for their hard work? That place is Hinge for me. I've been coming to Hinge for many years; Hinge was even a small factor in my decision to purchase a home a few blocks away several years ago (I need delicious coffee and brunch in walkable distance to my house... duh). Hinge went through a rough patch about two years ago which caused me to take a hiatus from the place, however, since their reopening Hinge has been better than ever. Now on to the food...
Everything on the menu is delicious and they are extremely accomodating to special requests. My favorite breakfast is the lean mean pita platter with added mushrooms, grilled chicken and a side salad instead of potatos (I dont know how "lean" it is but it sure is tasty). Any of Hinge's skillets come in at a close second.  I'm not a huge sweets person but every bite I have taken from a friends order of pancakes or french toast has been beyond decadent. Overall I find that the food contains quality ingredients that are cooked well and presented in huge portions. Iced coffee here is great and I drink it by the vat.
Thanks for your great work Hinge!
PS- BRING BACK DINNER EVERY WEEKEND PLEASE!This is my first yelp review, been using it for a year or so to always find a pretty good meal so I figured it's time to chip in.  I have been to hinge cafe 3 times now, the first two times for lunch and now yesterday for breakfast, and it has been great every time.  For breakfast I went with the Super Spicy Burrito, eggs, chorizo sausage, pa blank peppers, corn (and I went with no black beans), and I ordered a sesame seed bagel, which, after the burrito came out, I knew I wasn't gonna need.  It was excellent, though I wouldn't call it super spicy, it had it's punch.  Burrito was perfectly put together, big enough to need a fork and knife but held together very well.  Side of salsa and sour cream made for a fantastic breakfast.  Wife had the challah French toast Bananas Foster, and I will be getting it the next time we go for breakfast.  It was like a candy breakfast, just delicious.  
Had the pulled pork sandwich for lunch previously, and although it could be on a stronger roll then the ciabatta, which didn't hold up well, I just pulled out my fork and finished it up that way.  Moist pork, nice taste to it, with some cheese, spinach, and roasted peppers.  Definitely worth a shot, and the French fries were excellent
Will definitely be back many times, so many more interesting menu items to choose from.  And the price seems about right for the quality of foodCame here on New Year's Day for brunch. It was nice that they were open and we were even able to call ahead and put our name in. There were only 2 of us. When we arrived we still had to wait a little which is understandable but it was only 15 mins or so. 
My only complaint is about the service. I was craving a latte but before we could even sit down our waitress asked "coffees?" And before I could answer "yes,a latte" she was already gone to grab is two regular coffees. Our food didn't take long to come out but after we were done our waitress disappeared my friend wanted some jam for her toast but there was so waitress in site for minutes to the point that she didn't want it any more. 
As far as the food goes you get a lot for your money and everything tastes fresh. Living in Fishtown it's always nice to find a cafe with a large menu and decent prices close to home. For 2 our check came to $24. I almost thought it was a mistake! 
I'm interested to try again on a less crowded day. I really enjoyed Hinge Cafe.I love being at the Hinge, i love the atompshere and i love how everyone who works there is always friendly.  Its not too expensive, I always eat there with one of my best friends and we usually go once a week, every month they change their menus which i think is creative. I know 2 people who currently work at the Hinge and one who is the Chef. My favorite dish i get there would have to be the Penne Vodka Pasta and the Chicken Paramaigna. I Lovee their Hot Chocolate and their Stawberry Lemonade. Their deserts are awesome as well including their Brownies and their Chocolate Cake.  I would reccomend anyone to try and eat there.I'd accidentally driven past this place due to a road block and had been meaning to check it out for a while.
Finally got to do brunch there today and it was SO worth the wait.
Went out with my boyfriend and a mutual friend of ours and brought some beers. I had an omelet with buffalo mozzarella, bacon and spinach (came with a side of breakfast potatoes - best I've EVER had - and rye toast), boyfriend had a seasonal specialty, the pierogie omelet and friend had a monte cristo with a side of bacon. All of it was AMAZING. The omelets were enormous and filled with super fresh ingredients. 
Our waitress couldn't have been nicer and the food came out super quick. 
Despite having people waiting for seats, they didn't rush us to leave and were super gracious when we payed our check. 
My only regret was being so full, I couldn't order any of the delicious desserts they had. Another time then, because I will definitely be coming back.I love Hinge! This is the place I go out to breakfast or lunch with any friends that want to come check out my neighborhood or visit from out of town. Everyone has always loved all of their food, and they're super accommodating to gluten-free diners as well. I love their omelettes, their coffee, their service.
They always have a huge selection of specials too. I can't say enough about the kindness of their servers, and the consistently good food.
Bonus: There is a man often playing piano is there too, it's wonderful!Hinge has a little bit of everything - coffee shop, brunch spot, casual restaurant, live music venue, and even space for groups.  If you don't mind the mixed signals, it's a pretty good spot for all these personalities.
The 'big' plates are very generous, and the even the small plates are filling.  The Italian specialties were decent - perogies, pizza, chicken parm.  Dessert was excellent - try one of the homemade cakes and pies.
One note though: the staff seems to be constantly jumping between roles or preparing for the next iteration, so be ready for a casual approach to service.
Port Richmond deserves a good neighborhood spot like Hinge. I will definitely go back to try the rest of the menu.We walked in to get some dessert (I am super picky so I didn't get anything) but it is a very cozy feeling restaurant with very nice staff, a little area for a coffee/dessert bar, and dishes with very nice presentation and that looked very tasty. I will definitely have to go back sometime for dinner!Pleasantly surprised. Held my daughters communion party upstairs and had a great experience. Staff was very friendly and food was great! Our guests had a choice of 3 meals and they were all fantastic. I highly recommend here for any party suitable for 20-30 people. Also have had the breakfast here and is great as well. Thank you ladies for making our girls' day special!This neighborhood cafe may be hard to track down without a map, but it's worth the effort. Down the street from the infamous Taconelli's, Hinge is a breakfast and lunch spot only, closing by evening. 
I visited mid-afternoon on a weekday, and thought there was some kind of special event going on due to how many people there were. The large two-room dining areas are cozy and comfortable, with original art adorning the walls. A chalkboard full of specials garnered my attention and I never really made it to the menu. 
Being Fall, I ordered pumpkin pierogies. I'll admit, the 'rogies' part of the chalkboard was obscured initially, so I had pumpkin pie on my mind. If there's one thing that can compete with pumpkin pie, it's HInge's pumpkin pierogies. They were magical. Fried in butter, garnished with herbs, and laden with pie spices, my mouth savored every last bite.my friend and i found our way here last saturday night for dinner. what a cozy spot, there was no wait and we were seated right away. our waitress was friendly and attentive. the dipping oil served with the bread was delish, its prepared table side and very flavorful. we both had the crab cakes, which i highly recommend. these cakes were full of lump crab and not lots of filler. my friend, a former Baltimore native even raved about these cakes. the portions were plentiful and included a veggie and rosemary potatoes. desserts sounded tasty but we took a pass. the piano player is a nice touch. next visit the brunch.I was hungry... REALLY hungry... this past Saturday for good brunch food- and I couldn't have been happier to saunter into the Hinge Cafe.
First impression- COOL!  The art on the walls could have kept me entertained for hours- lots going on (and all for sale).  I loved the vibe of the place.  It was cool, comfortable, and not particularly portentous.  Just good food- who can't get down with that?
We walked in and sat right down- which is an amazing thing on a Saturday morning at a place that has a reputation for being busy.  We had a great little table off to the side.  Our waitress brought us water immediately (i think she could read my rosy cheeks and knew not to spare a minute!), and then took our coffee/tea order.  My boyfriend went for a vanilla latte and it was delicious!  I went for an iced tea that was strong, tasty, and came with a big ol' slice of lemon.  When I got a lemon seed implanted in my straw, my waitress laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation, and hooked a sister up w a new straw :-).
For breakfast I ordered the skillet which came with 2 eggs my way (over easy) perched atop sauteed onions and green peppers, roasted potatoes and an abundance of cheddar cheese with 2 pieces of rye toast.  Everything was even more delicious than it looked.  Some of the potato slices were kinda on the huge side, but it sure didn't stop me from eating just about the whole thing... which from a volume perspective is asinine.  
My boyfriend had something (I was too busy chowing down to notice) that he enjoyed- i noted scrapple- 2 pieces cut thin cooked super-crispy.  I'm a vegetarian- but I haven't always been this way... and when I ate scrapple, i preferred it cooked this way, but noticed it wasn't the norm.  He seemed pleased as well.  Finally, his pancakes.  OMG- perfection.  The buttermilk, the syrup, the fluffiness and the flavor- a vivid positive memory in my pancake history which is a very rich history I assure you.  I was stuffed, but I couldn't stop eating.  They were too good.
Check was reasonable- under $30 including tip which was really awesome considering our fancy coffees and the sheer volume of food.
We left Hinge Cafe, went home, and took a nap... one of those beautiful summer-day naps with the warm breeze and the windows open.  Happiness thru and thru.Tonight a girlfriend, myself and a bottle of dessert wine went here. I've tried going before just for dessert but they've been randomly closed on days when they should have been open. Anyways, tonight I had the forsight to call and make sure they would be open. We arrived around 9 and closed the place out. There was a lovely older gentlman playing the piano in the adjacent room and a handful of tables when we arrived. For dessert we ordered their chocolate "bomb" which was pretty good and the last piece of chocolate ganache cake, not so good. the cake was dry and probably old. definitely should not have been sold. oh well, we didn't speak up about it so whatevs, i'm sure they would have offered us something different if we asked. the server was super friendly and no on gave us the stink eye for staying so late (they close at 11 and we left at 10:50). Maybe some day we'll actually go for dinner! Hinge Cafe, you continue to make me miss living near you!Great little gem nestled in Port Richmond!! I have visited a few times and each visit was great that I had to review. I have only had items from the breakfast menu. I have enjoyed everything I have ordered thus far. My favorite dish which I did not see on the menu when I stopped by this weekend was the sweet potato hash. Omg, it's amazing!! It's the perfect balance of salty/sweet (chorizo & sweet potatoes). I hope they bring it back!! The service  is good and prices are fair. I highly recommend this cafe you will not be disappointed. Try a cup of their cappuccino, it's heavenly!!!I don't have a yelp account. I didn't (!) until right now! That's how moved I was by our experience. We sat and waited a while to be seated, which was fine. The most magical part of our lunch was our server. 
She first arrived to drop the specials board and lean it on the table next to us, which we both thought was a joke and then realized later definitely was not. She didn't point out the brunch specials board--which was unfortunate, since I didn't see it until after we ordered, and had some stuff that sounded great (cinnabun pancakes!) They were out of the soup (thanks). 
Wildly inconvenienced by our presence, she somehow managed to withstand our company while taking our order. Once the food came (which, in the kitchen's defense, was good), she disappeared, never to return, until she took our plates after we had been waiting for some time to get the check. 
Here comes my favorite part: we had already discussed how awful the service was, how cold and rude the server was, and that we, people who have both worked in the service industry and NEVER leave less than 15-20% tips, would reward her with what she deserved: barely 10. When you use a card to pay for the check, it's run through a little tablet, which the server brought to our table. You're then made to select 15, 20, or 25% tip. Nope, nope, NOPE. This would've been okay to customize if she hadn't been STANDING OVER THE TABLE WATCHING. It was horribly, horribly awkward, unprofessional, and just....awful. She threw the card down on the table and said "have a good day" with some of the most impressive levels of disdain and sarcasm I've seen.
Decent food, some of the worst service I've ever experienced in my life.I came here for dinner so I can't make a huge deal of it, but I heard breakfast is their speciality. We waited almost 45 minutes to be seated for dinner, then another 15 minuets for someone to take our order, then almost another 45 mins to get our food. So almost two hours, which was unexpected. Dinner was alright I would have went somewhere else if I wanted to get an Italian dinner plate. A pretty expensive dinner that was just like any other. Some of their appetizers were different from what I have seen. I plan on coming back for breakfast or brunch, so that I can really be satisfied by their amazing breakfast.Went for brunch on Saturday .  We arrived at 9:15, great time to go because there was no wait.  I would say around 9:45 onward people had to wait a few minutes for a  table, appeared to be less than 10-15 minute wait.  The food and service was excellent, nice menu choices and specials.  The breakfast and lunch menu is available all day.
I had the winter wonderland breakfast special, I think that was the name.. It included oatmeal, cranberry sausages, eggs & toast.  It was the best oatmeal I ever had, it had walnuts and something else in it, I didn't need to put any butter or sugar in it. The cranberry sausages was delicious, first time trying it and loved it!  My boyfriend had the Monte Cristo, he said it was good.  He preferred the Monte Cristo at Honey's because there came with eggs on it and thicker piece of ham but he stilled enjoyed the version of Monte Cristo. 
The service and good was excellent.  I like the intimate atmosphere!  I highly recommend this place.Always reliable for a good brunch and lunch. This neighborhood gem has been around a while and they have some great specials during the week. Get there early, because they do fill up quickly. Their chipped beef is amazing. And coffee is always fresh. The servers have been there a while and are familiar with everyone. The owner is always there making everyone welcome. Great food and service!The Hinge is one of my very favorite places. They change the menu regularly, so there's always something new to try. (I'm partial to the penne with crabmeat in vodka sauce. Yum.) The waitresses are friendly and helpful, none of that "too cool for you" vibe.
The portions are huge, so if you have a small appetite, order from the small plate menu.
Oh, and for girls' night out, they have Wednesday night Tarot readings!Deliciously wonderful! Had the breakfast burrito and it was delish! At another trip, we shared the cinnamon bun pancakes which are the bomb! The sunshine platter has amazing sausages! I just love this place! Staff is always nice. Always a cop or 2 having breakfast in there. Love those philly cops!Came here on a Sunday around 12pm and I didn't need a reservation. They put my champagne on ice and had crab cake Benedict's for brunch special which was great. Service was great also.My dad is a regular here. He lives in port Richmond and loves it! This morning I went with him to give it a try and it did not disappoint. 
I got the special they were having: an eggs Benedict over crab. Wow! The eggs were cooked perfectly. They were a little runny but not too much. The meal felt light so I didn't felt gross, but I was still very full. 
In addition to the food being delicious, the service there is also great. I think this is a big reason why my dad keeps coming back. Everyone there knows him by name and he introduced me to the staff. There is a family feel here that makes you feel like you are eating delicious food right at home. 
It's got a cute atmosphere, but is very hip. Would be a great place for any occasion. It could be cool enough for a date, but can also be low key enough to just grab breakfast or lunch in the morning. They don't have dinner anymore, so make sure you just catch hinge before it closes after lunch.What it is yelp??? I recently took a ride to this place for some brunch. Totally dug it. The mrs got the eggs benny, she enjoyed...i got the hash, its my new thing... Also pretty good. 
Nice place, solid service... Ill be back.Breakfast at Hinge is a steal if you happen not to work during the week and can get down there Monday-Friday. The top of the menu includes entree (such as pancakes or eggs/ bacon/ toast or a breakfast burrito, etc.) and coffee for around $5 or less. 
On the weekends expect to pay an average of $8-12 per person. This prices brunch at the top of the market in Port Richmond and even nearby Fishtown. 
The food *is* consistently good. And plentiful. The breakfast bruschetta, for example, could be halved and considered plenty for one person. My favorite weekend dish is the Southwestern Skillet with chorizo sausage, peppers, onion, and eggs. 
Relative to other bruncheries, the great thing about Hinge is the attentiveness and consideration of the wait staff. Even when the dining room is packed they are present without hovering and quick with refills.hinge cafe has an incredible yet underrated brunch. we caught the brunch rush today (40 min wait around 11:30am on a Saturday though it cleared out as soon as we were seated) but the staff kept everyone in great spirits offering us coffee while we waited and compensated with attentive service! I can vouch for the challah French toast, the carribean pulled pork platter (a special), and traditional breakfast platter. my boyfriend enjoys the Canadian bacon eggs Benedict.
the also serve their own house blend of green street coffee which is soooo good. this place is truly a neighborhood gem!This has become our hot spot for weekend brunch. The service is amazing and the food is delicious. I've gone the last 3 weekends and order something different every time. The sausage and skillet is delicious - perfect mix of savory and salty! It's a mom and pop joint that is packed with love.Favorite place to go for breakfast and lunch. Food is always so good and taste super fresh. Staff is always friendly. Sometimes they don't let you call in pick up order which stinks. But overall I love this place. Especially when they have the occasional dinner it's always amazing .The food is decent, but the front desk is mismanaged and you could wait quite awhile for seating when there are empty tables.  For instance, I was a party of 3 and next up to be seated.  Instead of pushing 2 tops together and seating us, the tables were left open.  After 15 mins of this nonsense we left.   This has happened more than once.  They could do better.Hinge is like a diamond in the rough.  Most people go to south philly or northern liberties for a good brunch, but the secret is that the best place to get brunch is in port richmond.  A close friend told me about hinge for months before I went the first time....I was in disbelief that anything good could really exist on this stretch of road...boy was I wrong.  Amazing coffee, food reasonable prices and NO WAIT.  Plus a great atmosphere and good service - and amazing specials.  
Seriously, if you haven't tried this place out you really should.  Totally worth it.I Love the breakfast here..it is amazing!...love,love,love the french toast....they have specials everyday...the luch is awesome as well...i yet to have dinner there...but im assuming it is awesome as well....so glad i live right down the street from them...YEAH!!The food is very good and I've gone there a handful of times for lunch as I work in the area. The coffee is also good, the space is fun, the live music (when they have it) is a nice touch even if you can't actually SEE the performer. However, I have to knock one star off for the service. The wait is long, and my order has been screwed up one too many times.  When I've returned food or asked for my money back, they look at me like I have two heads. But after waiting a half hour for one sandwhich, I don't have another half hour to wait for them to correct their mistake. Perhaps in the future I'll give them a secnd chance because the food is solid.Food is fantastic! I went for breakfast with a co worker and it was great! Didn't get anything too wild pancakes, eggs, sausage.. All cooked well and tasted great! 
Today I returned for lunch and again the food was great! I had the pick 3 soup, salad and sandwich. I had meatball sub soup, salad and chicken salad sandwich. All tasted great! Any time I'm in the area I will go back! 
Oh and as I left I got a lemon poppy seed bread or cake or something, and it was so moist and so flavorful! So good!We've been here a bunch of times to eat brunch or lunch and are always satisfied. 
This weekend we had the pleasure of hosting my sister's Halloween-themed baby shower at Hinge Cafe. Linda was so incredibly easy to work with, and made sure our every wish was accommodated. We had a sit-down dinner with an appetizer, a delicious salad and a choice of 3 entrees. Every guest was blown away by how delicious the food was- compliments to the chef! Our guests could choose an amazing butternut squash ravioli, a flavorful autumn chicken or tender braised short ribs. 
They plated a large batch of cookies I had made prior to the event and were attentive and pleasant throughout the event. When our event ran a little but over, they accommodated our guests departure and our gathering of Mom-toBe's gifts with patience and a smile. 
If you're looking to have any event and want to wow your guests, treat your employees, or even just bring the family in for a bite to eat- consider Hinge! They made our event joyful, stress-free and wonderful. Thank you to all!Terrible service - John taffer needs to come in and whip this place into shape!! I am now eating at Burger King bc I was tired of waitingThe Hinge Cafe is by far one of my very favorite, friendly neighborhood spots! Food is delish! Very cozy and chill atmosphere. I highly recommend their Breakfast Bruschetta! Location is convenient. Parking could always be better but that is a "Port Richmond" problem not a "Hinge Cafe" problem. Luckily for me, I can just take the healthy walk on over before I stuff my face like a fat ass!After two excellent visits, a five-star review is warranted for this somewhat hidden gem in NE Philly.  Before stepping in the door, there's something very relaxing about not having a parking issue or having to wait in line.  
We adore the cinnamon bun pancakes!  They're a nearly perfect calorie bomb on a plate, and our batch this second time had a little crispiness on the outside edges, which is my favorite way to enjoy pancakes.  The eggs benedict (in any variety) are also very good, and I surprisingly enjoyed the Super Spicy Burrito (not all that spicy).  Their home fries are not the crunchy fried type, but more of a grilled variety, and they packed with a ton of flavor.
Both times the service was excellent, and the food came out super fast.  It makes for a perfect place to go just outside the hustle of the city, and I have to recommend stopping at Green Grow Farms just a few blocks away before or after your meal.This is a cute little corner cafe that gets pretty busy...so make your reservations! Took my husband here for fathers day and I loved it! Such great service and great food. I first had reservations for just my husband and I with our little baby, but then called the day before to change it to include 3 more people. They were very accepting of that and changed it with no problem. Morning of, my other three cancelled, so it was back to just my husband and I (withour little one) and they were so nice about it!! Most places would roll their eyes while rearranging the table, but not here!
Onto the food... I ordered banana fosters french toast and my husband ordered this really healthy meal (i forget the name, but it included yogurt, turkey bacon, egg whites, whole grain toast, and fruit). I didn't try his so I can't comment on that, but my french toast was heaven! It was the right amount of sweetness and topped with lots of bananas. It was also a very large portion too. Mmm, so good. I finished every bite. I ordered eggs and potatoes with it too. Eggs were your normal over easy, but the potatos were great! Lightly salted and flavorful.
I definately want to come back for their dinner menu! See you soon Hinge Cafe!!!4.5 stars for a lil breakfast spot? Well lets find out, because i think this spot is a winner.
first off, it was father's day and they accommodated us, and opened up the top floor myself and my friends. eventually more guests came too, and it was a nice private area that was cooled off, and much more quiet than the rest of the cafe.
service was quick, the waitress was friendly and made sure our coffee and waters were filled and on point. and now for the foood.....
i immediately jumped on the special for fathers day, the crab cake benedict (modestly priced at $14). our waitress said the chefs had made these at a special event, they were on point, and they just had to make them for the cafe. and well, she was right. they only had a certain amount, since they were made fresh and just for fathers day. i am one of those weirdos that finds it a positive that places run out of food, for the most part this means what im about to stuff in my mouth is made fresh. and hey they just ran out for that day. so anyway, the crab cakes were a perfect size and not much filler. big pet peeve of mine? crab cakes with a pound of bread crumbs and other fillers. as soon as she brought over my plate--i can smell the crab, fresh real crab ladies and gents! THIS WAS BEAUTIFUL! perfectly toasted english muffin, a nice plump egg. the hollandaise sauce was the perfect consistancy and flavor. the potatoes it came with, needed to be cooked a little longer in my opinion but they hit the spot. the buttery grits, the side i added, were good. not southern grits, but had a nice butter flavor and felt like mashed potatoes. overall, i truly loved this meal and appreciated the service since it was so busy but still got served pretty quickly.Had breakfast last week. Breakfast bruschetta was amazing. Ask for extra pesto. Very large portions. I can't wait to try some of the other menu items . Cool old guy playing older show tunes. Totally unexpected. Service was as good as the food.If I could give no stars I would! I have been coming here for over 5 years but the last 3 trips have been such a disappointment! This was the last time.  The food has declined tremendously. They rather seat more people and pump out subpar food. I waited and hour patiently for my food to come cold! And completely lacking any flavor. The service was horrible. Sat for 20 minutes before asked what we wanted to drink and got coffee with no creamer and no server to request more. If I we're you I would find a different place to consider.We had breakfast here on a Monday morning.  The coffee was delicious, and the service was prompt and friendly.  I had a shrimp and grits special, very good.  I'd eat here again for sure!These guys are professionals.  Every menu item kicks butt.  Always fresh- always tasty. Great specials. A gemOUTSTANDING: This place knocks it out of the park! The service and the food were equally outstanding. We had been out to Rittenhouse for restaurant week the day before and had a much better experience at this local neighborhood spot! 
DECOR: The decor is very nice as well. There is a lot to look at, but it is whimsical and attractive, not cluttered. The dishware is exciting as well.
COFFEE: is amazing! There is a $2 bottomless cup option. It was so tasty, we bought a bag of whole beans to go!
BRUNCH: My spicy breakfast burrito was delicious and a large portion with some leftover for later. My husbands chipped beef was, in his words, "amazing". (He's a chef and is normally very critical.) The server was very accommodating when I asked to substitute turkey for the pork. They even offered a "to go" coffee cup for me to take my leftover beverage. Hinge really went above and beyond.
WE WILL RETURN VERY SOON: We cannot wait to go back. To boot, the check was only a few dollars more than we spend at the crappy diner we normally frequent. We are excited to make this the new spot.i went to hinge last night for dinner - very cute space in an unassuming place.  we gorged and split 2 small plates and 1 large - all pasta.  :)  very inexpensive food... cute decor... and oh my goodness the cheese ravioli with roasted tomatoes was great.  the pumpkin gnocci was awesome as well but i could have kept on eating those raviolis, whereas most pasta dishes i can't finish.  good bread as well.WOW. What a cute place! I came here for brunch with my boyfriend and we really enjoyed our food! 
We came on a Sunday morning around 1030 and ended up waiting close to an hour for our table which was to be expected. When we were seated our waitress was friendly and got our drink orders right out. I received some burnt coffee that never got refilled and my boyfriend got orange juice and water that never got refilled. 
I ended up ordering the vegetable skillet which was appetizing, however, i waited about 15 minutes after getting my food to finally get the attention of a server to get some ketchup. By the time I did receive my ketchup my food was nearly cold. I still enjoyed it though! My boyfriend ordered a sandwich that he enjoyed but communicated that the bread was a smidge hard. 
I would give a higher review for the excellent food, however, the long wait and lack of service shortly after arrival was a bit of a drag. I'll have to come back on a less busy day.Ok service. Easy on the eyes. Pricey for the neighborhood, but Ay-yo!!! Their sammies are stupid GOOD! I housed the tuna melt and previously a wrap special too yummy to finish in one sitting. This one's a keeper.Great little place in a great little neighborhood! Never fails to disappoint. Love the Christmas breakfast with Santa. And, the cream chipped beef is one of the best I've had. But, I have to say one of the best qualities is the warm and inviting hostess! What a great feelingThis is me and my boyfriends favorite breakfast by far, from the omelettes to the cinnamon bun pancakes. The waitresses are always nice and very welcoming. And the homemade banana bread is to die for!Hinge is a great brunch place, in fact, one of my new favorites in the city.  They are constantly trying something new.  A quick look at the specials menu on any saturday or sunday morning shows creative and delicious dishes, priced around $10-12.
The staff here are all neighborhood locals, and are as friendly as can be. After eating at Hinge, I'm sure you'll wonder the same thing I always do..."Yeah, why has it been so long since I've eaten at Hinge?!"Super satisfied with this hidden gem. Great food and great service, huge size portions with reasonable pricing.This place is very cozy and the food was sooo good. Pretty good size portions for what you pay for and best of all it's BYO! You definitely should be prepared for a wait if you're going to go here on the weekends but I promise you it is so worth it. Staff was nice and I think overall it was a good experience.Came here because someone had recommended the cinnamon bun pancakes and, MAN, were they worth it. This space looks tiny when you walk in, but they've got additional seating in another room that looks like it could accommodate a lot of people! We went at 10:30 on a Saturday and the place was packed with new people walking in the whole time that we were there. I would recommend making a reservation if you're going on the weekend. The hostess and waitress were both very nice. They wouldn't seat us until the whole party had arrived... thank goodness everyone was on time for once! So, to start, we had brought our own champagne because this place is BYOB and did mimosas. We each got the standard skillet and some version of the cinnamon bun pancakes (i.e. different quantities but we knew to get our own orders). It was a lot of food but it was pretty decently priced! Definitely, taste wise, worth it's price. Of the two things I ordered, I loved the cinnamon bun pancakes the most. It tastes like a cinnamon bun had been flattened into a pancake... just what you would think! It came with a cream cheese topping, which was good but it was very rich and too much came with single pancake so I had to move it to the side but no issues here. I would come here again just for those pancakes! I recommend!So effin good. Starter with the chicken parm soup. It's a broth based super delicious and way healthier than it sounds. Then this egg pesto goat cheese bruschetta my god tasted perfect. And topped it off with southwestern omelette had chorizo. Had beans. Had corn. I mean. The thing was BOMBBBBBB
Go hereHubby & I went New Years day..free mimosas were awesome. .I had the breakfast bruschetta platter, flavors were sweet & savory, hubby had pecan pancakes with eggs over medium which were delicious. We are coffee snobs (la colombe our favorite) but their home blend, which they say is made for Hinge was brewed well. We saw an article about the chef in the Inquirer,  not about her food but her experience with the health care web site insurance of all things lol..it stuck in my head & suggested we give it a try for something different for breakfast...glad we did ! Would love to try for dinner when they offer it on special occasions.Overall, really good! Kid-friendly. The bananas foster French toast was a little too sweet after awhile. Next visit I ordered regular French toast and preferred that better. The first time I ordered cheese grits from there, they were sooooo gooood! Like perfect! But then the next time I came there were too thick & needed more liquid, but the flavor was still there. I've also had the crab eggs Benedict, which is an open face sandwich (egg muffin) & that was amazing... and this is coming from someone born and raise in Baltimore! Customer service is always on-point! I love how you can call ahead to put your name on the waiting list. Parking can be a little tricky but every time I've visited I was able to find something really close.Best crab cakes I've ever had. Full of meat. Come early, it's a small place and it fills up quick. Friendly service too.