Bigger than the Rittenhouse location & there's actually street parking! Server was super friendly and happy to tell me her favorites. Got a taste of the Groothie and I'm glad I did because it was too sweet for me. The Udon Noodle Salad was great.We were visiting Philly for the weekend a some friends recommended HipCityVeg. We picked up dinner for the kids and everything was delicious. And the staff was wonderful! Highly recommended and hope to be back soon.This is a great vegan place to come and dine. When I walked in I thought the place was especially clean and welcoming. Everything I've tried from this place I thought was delightful. I have had the chicken burger, ziggy burger, their smoothie and the sweet potato fries. If all vegetarian food tasted this good, I would seriously consider becoming one.I would have given 5 stars in the past (and probably would give 5 stars to the chestnut location), but recently I feel there's been a decline in quality.  I went in recently and their signature crispy ranch was soggy with no crunch.  Their fries were great, well seasoned.  Yet I felt the entire meal wasn't worth the 14.50.  
I did have to walk 3 blocks, which may have caused some of the issue with the sandwich.  The fries and good customer service save this from being 3 stars in my mind, but the price prevents it from a 5 star.  Avoid peak hours.Ok so I lied. There is no falafel here. Went back and got the ziggy burger (eh), crispy chick'n sandwhich (amazing!), quinoa chili (yum), udon salad (eh), and sweet potato fries (pretty good). It's nice to have the option of a vegetarian fast food place because who knows what some of those places put in the mean.Ok so this was my first vegan meal and it did not disappoint. I ordered the chipotle "chicken" wrap with cabbage and sweet potato fries with siraracha aioli which was delicious! 
The location itself is a quaint spot located in university city and the staff was very pleasant.
They had delicious looking desserts which I did not partake in but I look forward to to trying some my next time back."Just because it's vegan, doesn't mean it's healthy" reported a friend of a friend, and I think he's totally right--in a good way.
On one of the first chilly days of Fall, I was not in the mood to gnaw on a fibrous salad for lunch. I wanted something warm and indulgent--and just vegan and eco-friendly enough for me to bask in a little first-world smug.  So, I got the crispy chick'n sandwich and sweet potato fries; both of these items really just hit the spot.  If you're looking for a healthier meal there are other items to choose from, and honestly, other places to go in the city. However, if you're looking to fill a Chik-fil-a sandwich sized hole in your soul--this may be for you.
Some notes: Sandwich is very good--bun may be a little much and they may be a tad generous with their ranch dressing, but these things are easily amended.
Fries--great--and this was after having to walk it back to my office a half mile away (yes, in the cold). What makes it better are the sauces: siracha aoli (YUM!) and black bean cilantro (yum).
Overall service was really personable and decor was lovely. Yes, it is a little pricey, but most vegan options tend to be..and yes, it relies heavily on faux meats, but keep in mind that sandwich sized hole in your soul.This was the best vegan food I've ever had! I ordered a $10 Crispy HipCity Ranch Chicken Sandwich, and it tasted like a classic chicken sandwich, but perhaps even better? The flavors were so good, and I quickly devoured the juicy sandwich. This location also had really friendly service.
I've tried their $4 Banana Whip at a HipCityVeg food truck; it was pretty good and is essentially healthy banana ice cream!
I'm very tempted to go back again tomorrow, and I'd go vegan for a day a week if it meant I could eat here! :)I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli - definitely the highlight of my visit.  Hip City Veg offers this sophisticated dish, which you might expect to see only at much fancier restaurants, in a casual, fast-food setting.  Based on prior Yelp reviews, I tried the udon noodle salad, which was pretty good, but was a little unbalanced and could be improved.  Although it had a promising start with a pleasant mix of "chick'n", arugula, and alfalfa sprouts, the bottom half of the salad had too much seasoning.  An easy fix might be to ease up on the dressing, or leave it as a side component.  
The dining atmosphere is pleasant - sort of like an eco-friendly, fast food joint that seeks to bring vegan dishes to the masses. I like the concept, but if you're a diehard carnivore, I'm not sure this place will convince you otherwise.  That said, the location is great if you are on the Penn campus looking for a lunch option or staying at the Homewood Suites on 41st and Walnut, and want to try something new. This location does a brisk take-out business, but it's also a casual place to dine alone or with a friend.  However, the space is not ideal for large groups except for the giant table in the middle of the room.  I look forward to seeing Hip City Veg in the Washington DC area.  It should do well there.Obsessed.  This is my go to delivery lunch place in the city.  Super healthy, super good! If you aren't vegan/Vegetarian- this is still an awesome quick place to eat!Great addition to Penn campus!  I love the Groothie!One of the best sandwiches I've had anywhere!  I had the Disco Chick'n, and it was amazing - great flavor and texture in the whole sandwich. The sweet potato fries with the Sriracha aioli dipping sauce were perfect too. As an omnivore concerned about the environmental costs associated with food production, I'm always trying to be more conscious about how often I eat meat, and HipCityVeg is a great choice for lunch for anyone, not just vegans.One of a handful of trendy vegetarian places that uses wood everywhere to feel earthy. You great a pretty large amount for the price. I recommend the bistro bella, the tapenade they make for it goes great with the mushroom. DO NOT recommend the udon salad. It's like sad 3 day old Chinese food with lettuce on the bottom. 
The place is fairly popular so the lines can be long and there's not that much seating, so it's not great for a group. And it's so loud you can't work or really have an decent talk with anyone. Honestly I prefer take out. You can also order ahead for pick up.I can't get enough of the Ziggy Burger, especially now that there is a University City location which means I can pick up an order after work and not have to worry about parking my car in the Rittenhouse neighborhood. If they add delivery - I'll be over the moon as it will mean a better take-out option when at work than Greek Lady. 
I heartily recommend the Ziggy Burger as the tempeh bacon and special sauce just really take the humble veggie burger to a whole new level of delicious. It will also keep you satisfied for hours. Splurge on some sweet potato fries as well for their slaty, tender goodness. I like the black bean cilantro dipping sauce which is a flavorful alternative to ketchup. 
If you're in the mood for something lighter, you can't go wrong with a green smoothie (groothie) or a banana whip. 
The service is ridiculously friendly and the orders are up quickly. I am always promptly greeted and the staff often provide great recommendations regarding menu items if you can't decide. If you're in a hurry, call ahead and your order is sure to be ready when you arrive. 
Compared to the Rittenhouse location this space is huge with seating for everyone! They still compost and recycle so after you satisfy your hunger you can satisfy your conscience as well.
I enjoy this place so much that I feel they should have a frequent buyer punch card for their burgers.Mostly overpriced stuff. They do have good Banana Whips, but again overpriced.
As a vegetarian I had hoped for a good meal option, but this is hard on my wallet and could definitely be cheaper for the amount.The food left a disgusting taste in my mouth. Everything is fake meat dishes. Not sure why vegan places can't have any creativity? But it's all tofu and smoky flavor a added to the foods. Leaves a nasty taste.Ate here for the first time I ordered the veggie cheese Burger with sweet potato French fries it was OK, I personally prefer govindas , the fries was better than the Burger and I did enjoy my Ginger drinkVery taste food and nice environment. The Philly cheesesteak and noodle salad are stellarCan't go wrong with the jerk chicken Caesar salad, best Caesar dressing eva. Fake chicken is good, plantain chips are good... I love this place. Fast vegetarian/vegan food- my prayers have been answered (I'm a meat eater trying to go veg).Had the Bello Bistro (a big mushroom sandwich). Loved the mashed roasted arugula, great touch for a veggie sandwich. 
The price is very reasonable. The "healthy" drinks better be as healthy as they are disgusting, because they are THAT disgusting. 
Service is fast and friendly. Ingredients tasted pretty fresh.
My girlfriend did like the healthy drinks though, because she's weird and actually likes the taste of kale. "The lemon and agave makes the kale taste not too overwhelming."Hip City Veg is simply the best fast casual vegan restaurant in Philadelphia, most impressive is that their food is certain to appeal to everyone! Their owner has gone out of her way to cultivate healthy, delicious vegan recipes with mass appeal, whatever you order, you will not be disappointed. I like the grilled "chicken" sandwich with sweet potato fries and a groothie (green smoothie), do you and your health a favor and pop-up for lunch!I am close to a five star on this one, but I've only had three meals there. The udon salad was a five star! It was great. The curry tofu wrap was a 4 star, and the curry tofu wrap as a salad over spinach was also a 3- surprise, right? Well the staff is amazing, and it's perfect for a quick lunch in the neighborhood.
 I've been to the downtown location, which is great, also, but this spot has much more seating. One downside was that there is no weather guarding for the door, and cold air was blasting in each time someone came in- we weren't sitting close to the door, so it must have been bad. Curtains would help. or make sure to keep your scarf on if you go in winter.Every time I'm in Philly I make it my business to stop by HipCityVeg! Amazing food for vegans is hard to come by but I'm so happy they're here!Finally got a chance to sample the food here at HCV while the kiddies were home for the holiday. I ordered the Corn Chowder. It was good and filling I would have spiced it up a bit  with some pepper and (gasp!) salt. With enough left over for today's lunch I thinned it out a bit added more seasoning and made a great soup.Loved the décor simple, functional easy to keep clean. Succulents on the wall a plus. I will come back to this place again before school is back in session..HipCity is a gem in University City. I have taken many self-titled carnivores there and they have been astounded by the Crispy Hip City Ranch. Apparently, it's that good. 
I like everything here, but my favorite has to be the Curry Tofu Wrap (can be made as a salad) or the Cheesesteak. But like I said, everything is amazing. 
Their delivery is also on point.This place is pretty great. I was just in town for a conference and needed some quick dinner, and I had a hankering for a philly cheese steak because - duh - I was in Philly for the first time in my life! But alas, I don't actually eat steak. HipCityVeg hit the spot! Their philly steak sandwich was super delicious, as were their sweet potato fries. The staff was friendly, the place was cute, the prices were reasonable... I wish all the places I travel had vegan spots like this!Amaaaazzzzing sweet potato fries!! Cute little spot. Average service. But the combination of their very yummy vegan food and the really fresh atmosphere is why I give hipcity veg 4 out of 5 stars.Hip City Veg is a heaven for vegans. There are so many delicious mouth watering options that I always have a hard time choosing. My current favorite is the Philly Steak and the Sweet Potato Fries with Sriracha Aioli. I have not had better sweet potato fries anywhere else. The drinks are so delicious as well. The chocolate milkshake is to die for, so rich and creamy! The servers are super friendly. I always leave with a smile on my face and it's not just from the food. Not only that, Hip city's attempts at being environmentally friendly need to be lauded as well. I wish we all lived in a world where every restaurant was like this: cruelty free, environmentally conscious yet serving delicious food.Hip City Veg is on the move.  From its original Rittenhouse Square location, it opened up in University City and now has plans for South Broad Street and Washington D.C.  This is a successful fast food vegan establishment, yet it is not my favorite,  In an increasingly crowded market of health fast-food dining options in Philadelphia, Hip City Veg does some things well and other things not so well.  I do like their Udon noodle salad but in my mind there is much too much arugula and too little of the other tasty ingredients be they peanuts, chicken substitute, daikon, scallions or even udon itself. for the price. It would more accurately be named an arugula salad.  There are absolutely no condiments out for people to use.  Aww c'mon guys!  I did ask and received a little Sriracha sauce to spice it up a bit.  The sweet potato fries are good but again the portion is small in relation to the price in my opinion. There is free water which is nice to have.  At the University City location the staff are friendly and it's kept clean.This location is an entirely differently run operation than the 18th st location. I was the only customer at 1130 and two people at registers did not make eye contact until I asked if they were going to take my order. Whereas at 18th they are driven to be efficient and friendly proactively taking orders with an iPad in the waiting line. When my drink was ready and the. My salad the two individuals who were supposed to bag it and let me know were preoccupied with stocking below the counter and I had to draw their attention to my salad ready for their attention. The manager was wearing a dirty apron. This location seems to have a lot of catering orders that seemed to preoccupy the staff to the extent that they could not pay attention to the customers who showed up one at a time.Hip city ranch with Buffalo sauce hits the spot. It's a bit expensive but not too much on par with other philly spots. Good food n great vibe.Yea, another vegan restaurant to add to our city.  Those of us animal lovers who like to eat a lot can't be happier!  My husband and I had a nice meal here filled with a veggie burger, sweet potato fries and a delicious cookies, all for a terrific price and right next to the Rotunda where we could see a show. Thanks HCV for coming to west Philly. 
Price is good, parking is limited but go to 41st street where you will almost always get a spot, service is great and the menu is terrific.When looking at the menu you find yourself asking if the WHOLE menu is in fact plant based. I wanted to order the whole menu. Cheese steak was awesome. I can't see any meat lover denying how good this food is.
I'll be back again when in Philly.I really want to like this place, but I always leave somewhat disappointed. The biggest issue for me is the menu seems to be designed for veg/vegan diners who want to eat more "standard" non-veg food (Burgers, bacon, etc). If that's what you're looking for, then you may really like HCV. However, this focus tends to favor an emphasis on flavored soy-based products over an array of fresh fruits and vegetables. I think cutting down on the soy heavy meat and chicken imitations and focusing more on fresh veg-centric dishes would go a long way for HCV.
Still, some of their food is pretty good. The quinoa chili is nice in the winter. Their desserts are great. The banana whips are a delicious healthy treat, and they have really good vegan cupcakes that they bring in from a local bakery. Also, their staff is typically very friendly.For some reason I was on a recent burrito/ anything like a burrito kick! I had been dying to try Hip City Veg since its opening in Rittenhouse but their UCIty location is much more convenient! I  was in a time crunch so I ran over over to grab their fajita wrap and it was delicious! It was a little bit spicier than I had expected but it was still very good! The new location is very clean and the staff are very friendly but the overall experience was great! I thought that $9 for the wrap was a bit much but I'm assuming that it all relates to the cost of ingredients and it definitely will not deter me from going back!My sister and I were visiting Philly and two different friends (one pescatarian and the other vegan) recommended us to go to HipCityVeg. Now you have to realize my sister and I eat everything, and we have yet to taste vegan substitutes that can completely imitate meat. That being said, knowing that the ziggy burger was not real meat, we could tell the difference, but out of all the vegan places we have tried, this place really gives you a run for your money. Also the sweet potato fries were delicious! The jerk chicken in our salad was just average, but the jicama was such a good move that I would consider getting it again. Given another chance to visit, I would like to try some of their beveragesI usually write long reviews, but this one is brief because it's really simple what I need to tell you.  
Hands down the best tasting Veggie Burger I have ever had, and the closest in flavor and texture to a beef hamburger!  Go there right now!
I won't knock off a star because the burger is so amazing, but the sweet potato fries, though good, are way overpriced per serving.  Steer clear to save $$.I don't actually know what "Chick'n" is, but it's pretty damn tasty jerked or blackened.
I'm not a vegan, or even vegetarian, but my veggie friends brought me here once, and I've since returned on my own. My first visit was the Jerk caesar salad. Yum. Second visit was Fajita wrap. I will be back.Food at hipcity is always pretty good. The nugs are good. Still wish they would offer a potatoe form for fries as well as sweet potatoes are not my thing. Great design inside, one of the bigger hipcityveg's I have been in.I'm echoing many reviewers here, when I say to you that I think that this location of HipCityVeg wins the day with its relaxing space and plenty o' seating. See, I always feel like a moose woman in a china shop anyway, or I'm carrying a huge bag that I'm trying not to hit into people with, or I just generally have some other ridiculous issue where a tiny shop can gimme a panic. So, the point is: ahhhh spread out a little. It's the same delicious vegan fast food stylins and salads from your original HipCityVeg; now with more leg room. 
Also, here's another thing, a sidenote to all this limited seating talk. I love the hell outta that udon salad, but I'm one of these people who seem to take forever to eat a damn salad. I have felt much anxiety, self-consciously imagining that those waiting to score my seat are hissing at me in their minds, "Jeeeeezus, just will this one just take it to go already." Neuroses. So you understand what I'm saying. You can at salads at your leisure, or enjoy sweet potato fries and crispy, crispy nuggets at their peak crispiness. Or both. Makes such a difference, I tell you: a lil extra space and maximum crispiness.
Speaking of making a difference- when they take the time to griddle a little char onto that seitan in the udon salad, I love that. It really gives the protein that grilly somethin somethin. I love it that this arrugula-y salad it's an actual greens-packed salad with noodles in it, rather than, you know, a bigg asss noodle bowl with some greens fluttered lightly in. Listen, I'm all for extra noodle, but, ya know, sometimes your trying to do a thing. Anyway, I enjoy this dish, I do, even if it could use a little less dressing at times. I'm not complaining bout that though, really. So tasty.
In closing, I'd like to repeat the announcement that the Crispy HipCity Ranch remains my favorite, favorite. It cures a chicken sandwich yen for me, maybe better than a real bird sandwich, even. I have real HipCityVeg hankerings and I find myself coming up with more reasons to head West to University City. Maybe I should go back and get that masters. Hurrrrhurrrr hurrrffff...Super clean, well designed, comfortable, attentive staff, high quality food. I had the curry tofu wrap, iced green tea, and a cookie. This meal was filling, satisfying, health-conscious, and not too expensive. HipCityVeg is the place to be.I never knew the Vegan life can taste oh so good! I experienced that moment yesterday when I decided to go to HipCityVeg for lunch! 
Once I arrived I noticed that the store had a good amount of people that was dining in as well as ordering out. The menu had a good amount of healthy vegan food options to choose from. I decided to get the Ziggy burger and the banana whip. 
The Ziggy burger was so delicious and the buger was huge! I didn't think I was gonna eat it all at once but it was so good that I couldn't help myself! The organic smoked tempeh was flavorful and it didn't even taste vegan, it also came with fresh veggies and a special sauce that was also delicious! It was love at first bite!
The banana whip was also tasty and it was simply fresh bananas that was placed in a blinder. It came out tasting like ice cream, a healthy ice cream! They also gave you the option to put brownies on top of the banana whip.
Overall I'm definitely a fan of HipCityVeg, I love that this restaurant promotes a healthy lifestyle by serving good quality food that's  all organic and plant based. HipCityVeg thanks for making our world a better place!This place certainly knows its' clientele.  The upscale minimalist amost-hipster vibe perfectly suits the Penn community.  Unfortunately, I think these attempts seem a little "franchised", and can only charge so much per meal because of the proximity to the Penn undergrad living highrises.
I recently gave this place a second chance and tried the udon noodle salad (apparently their most popular salad).  Meh.  Though I love their philosophy, commitment to composting, and the purely vegetarian menu, the portions are too small and expensive.  The salad was good but not thrilling or filling.  Though the portion sizes really require a side, side salads or fries cost $4-$4.50 (half the cost of most meals!).  Also, when you get water with your meal you have to pour it from a pre-filled pitcher without ice.  Hmmmmm....  Good try, HipCityVeg .... Just keep tryin'.I seriously love this place. My first time there was a week or so ago and I'm in love. The atmosphere there is really friendly and upbeat. Also, the employees there are super nice. They can answer and questions and if you're sitting down some even give you your food! Now on to the food. SO DELICIOUS!!! I got the buffalo bella and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. My friend got the chick'n fajita wrap and I tried it and that was also sooooo good! I also had the Asian side salad, which is also really good. I personally would have liked a tad bit more dressing, but i didn't bother to ask because I still loved it. For dessert we got banana whips. Awesome and refreshing.This place is awesome! I'm always on the lookout for cool and hip vegetarian/vegan restaurants and this is a place where I would definitely recommend. I had the Crispy Hip City Ranch and it was delicious. There was an interesting tomato/mayo that worked really well and the vegan chicken tasted so much like chicken! It was seasoned really well and cooked perfectly. It looked small but after I ate it, I was full. My friend got the Arugula Taco Salad and she was also impressed. I can't wait to come back again! Looking forward to trying everything on the menu!I used to love this place for their chocolate milkshakes. But recently they've made it super milky and very thin which I don't appreciate at all. The food is good and flavourful but quantities are on the lower side for the price you pay.This place is definitely underrated. It's one of the only all vegan restaurants in University City. However, everyone can find something here. The chick'n club makes me shocked at their creativity in making a vegan chicken sandwich that tastes just like the real thing. Kudos to the sweet potato fries. My go-to is the curry tofu wrap as a salad. It's healthy and super tasty! 
I wish they had nutritional information somewhere but there is some analysis on Healthy Dining Finder.
Albeit pricey the range matches other comparable quality foods around campus such as Sweetgreen. The foods are ALWAYS fresh. The vibe is also awesome and one of the cleaner settings on campus with natural lighting, great seating and fast service. Great to study at during the off-peak hours.I am in love with this place.
I'm not vegan or vegetarian, and yet I never feel like I'm missing out on anything here.
The jerk ceasar salad is super!  As are the chik'n nuggets.
Highly recommend dipping the sweet potato fries into a blend of ketchup and the buffalo sauce.
Go! You won't be disappointed!Hip City Veg was a delicious choice for lunch with my co-workers! The veggie burger was super yummy, and quite filling. I had a couple of sweet potato fries, and those were awesome, too! HCV is a welcome addition the UCity dining scene. The wait was fairly reasonable at lunchtime, and the food was great!Very happy this place was open til 11 as we got to have a late dinner here upon arriving in Philly. I got the Crispy HipCity Ranch chik'n sandwich and was very impressed. The chik'n had a great crunch and tasted just as good as the real thing. 
Disappointed in the vanilla milkshake, but I think I would have enjoyed it more if I'd ordered a different flavor. My boyfriend got a chocolate shake and his tasted much better. The chocolate definitely helped disguise the chalky texture.Super yummie. Their fuzzy sandwich was legit good. A great casual place to chill, and it is cafeteria style dining.1. Vegan and non-vegan indulgence
2. Imitation meat that's convincingly meat
3. Oil as intestinal lubricant
Consumed:
The veg burger $7.50
Philly steak $8.50
Sweet potato fries $4
MEAT. Okay, not exactly, but if you gave it to me and told me it was meat, I'd believe you. XD
I really really really liked the Philly steak. It had a unique tangy taste that just makes your mouth salivate.
I didn't like the veg burger as much. It wasn't as flavorful and on the drier side. The sweet potatoes were normal. Downside was that everything was pretty oil. Just don't expect healthy food here at hip city veg,  great indulgence once in awhile though.  Nom. Nom. NOM. :)Nice new location in West Philly. Delicious vegan fast-food.  My favorites are the Hip City Ranch and the sweet potato fries with Sriracha Aoli.  Just goodness.  And seems to be a little less crowded with a lot more room to sit than the Center City location.  Keep 'em coming, hip city!Glad I gave this place another chance. My first visit, I tried the much beloved udon salad and a green lemonade, was underwhelmed by both. Salad was fine but a little boring. Green lemonade was barely green and too sweet. I don't think this is even on the menu anymore.
However, I went back and I'm glad I did. Let's start with drinks: groothies are my favorite green smoothie in the city. Nice and thick, not too sweet, not too vegetable-y. And the winter hot chocolate with coconut whipped cream: chocolate-y, rich, and could eat a bowl of the whipped cream myself. So good!
Food: my favorite is the "BLT" salad with horseradish dressing: smokey and spicy and somehow transforms arguably gross tempeh into something really tasty. My favorite sandwich is the buffalo bella, though I would ask for light coleslaw next time: got soggy. I also enjoyed the quinoa chili several times last  fall/winter. And sweet potato fries because ALWAYS SWEET POTATO FRIES. Perfectly seasoned and crispy. And if you drink it with a groothie the calories cancel out or something. Right?
Star off for price and some mediocre options but overall a solid place to go to if you're vegetarian or vegan.This is one of my favorite quick vegan spots!  So far everything I have tried here is great!  The shakes are amazing. The sandwiches are flavorful and can cause you to forget you're not eating real meat!!We came to HipCityVeg for dinner during my visit in Philly because my friend had been raving about it for months. Now I can definitely see why!
We got the Crispy HipCity Ranch (battered chick'n, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and peppercorn ranch), which was delicious. We also had sweet potato fries with some PHENOMENAL sriracha aioli. I could eat spoonfuls of it. I've also heard that their Disco Chick'n and Li'l Golden Nugs are amazing.HipCityVeg is a great place to grab a satisfying vegan fast-food meal.
The Crispy Hip City Ranch sandwich is very tasty. It's like a vegan crispy chicken sandwich except better. The ranch sauce is tangy, creamy & a perfect accompaniment. 5 stars
Udon Noodle salad is solid, but not especially exciting. 3.5 stars
Curry Tofu Wrap is rather bland but the textures are good. 3.5 starsConsistently good vegan food and good service. I Was slightly disappointed today though, the bananas that they used for the banana whip, were not ripe.I'm not a vegetarian. I was skeptical about ordering from here, but I thought I'd give it a try. I ate every.single.bite. It was delicious. I ordered delivery through caviar, and could not be more satisfied. I will absolutely be eating here again. I recommend anyone who's on the fence, to give it a try. The sweet potato fries are amazing and don't even need the sauce they come with.Healthy & tasty salads, a few sandwiches as well, are available here.  I got just a salad that had avocado, greens, crispy tortilla strips and a couple other things.  For someone who far more often orders deli sandwiches for lunch, this was a nice change of pace.
They make some really tasty looking sweet potato fries.  I was eyeballing other customers fries with a smidge of envy, next time.
Interior was bright and tables were comfortable.  For a busy place, the staff did a nice job of keeping the line moving and the space clean.  Price is slightly higher than I typically spend on lunch, but for good ingredients which are nutritious, that did not come as a surprise.Great choice to stop here after going to the movies. You order up front and you can get it to go or stay. They had a lot of good looking dishes but I decided to get the disco chick'n which was a solid plant based "chicken" sandwich.  I also saw that they had a wide selection of different made in house smoothies and drinks so I got the iced green tea, which was good.  It was a little pricey but was a good choice for a quick bite to eat.Almost always get the Udon noodle salad but the burritos and everything are pretty solid. The only complaint is that the final product is always very inconsistent. Sometimes the salad will be drowning with dressing and the next time there will be barely any dressing. But service is friendly and atmosphere is nice and hipster.I really tried to love HipCity, I really truthfully did; however, every single time I come by to give it another chance and purchase a "groothie", it's always lukewarm and doesn't sit right with me, or my coworkers. What's the deal, HipCity? 
I'll give it another try the next time I come by. Hopefully this won't be a disappointment.Came here for the first time on a Sunday at 11:15 am with two friends and there weren't that many people. The ambience is very cozy but modern. Got the Disco Chick'n w/ avocado and it was HUGE and absolutely delicious. Little to no wait time and the "chicken" was actually really good. The sauces for the fries are also super good. More people started trickling in around 12 so you know it's worth it when people come here on a Sunday morning. Will be returning!A lunch time staple in Ucity! What I love about this location is that there is plenty seating and the decor is very cool. It's casual but comfy with vertical gardens. Lovely. 
My number 1 fave is absolutely the Udon noodle salad. The combo is just awesome between the salty peanuts, arugula, noodles, cabbage and glazed chick'n with a hint of sweetness from the chinnese black bean dressing. Other faves include  the crispy hipcity ranch, the fajita wrap and of course the sweet potato fries. I'm a cilantro black bean dip gal with the fries and it's to die for though the sriracha aioli is also pretty delicious. 
In the summer, I'm all about the groothie as well. It's a perfect way to enjoy lots of fruits and veggies in one delicious smoothie. So refreshing on a hot day! 
Yes the pricing is a bit high but they strive to use all organic and locally sourced ingredients and all of their packaging is compostable so I get it and I'm ok with it. If you enjoy plant based foods, definitely check it out!Love this place! Had the Ziggy burger.. reminded me of In n Out burger from way back when I used to
Eat meat!  Super friendly staff, cool vibe. We parked at the parking garage just steps away at The Fresh Grocer so it was super easy ... ok so I may not be the best parallel Parker. Hubby had the crispy hip city ranch sandwich Buffalo style and sweet potato fries. So good... great food. Great vibe. Great service ..highly recommend for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters alike!Went to a concert in West Philly and it wasn't over until 10:15 PM, found this restaurant opened until 11.  I had been wanting to go since I've seen it on Yelp.
There is a reason that it is rated high...it's fantastic!  I had the Odon Salad, with the chick'n.  As a vegetarian, this is as good as it gets!  Also, had the Corn Chowder, hot, thick and yummy.
If traveling in W. Philly, you owe it to yourself to give this place a try.  Great wait staff, too!I'm no vegan but this place makes me feel like I can definitely turn. I've been to Hip City Veg at least a dozen times In the past 4 months I've been on the east coast. The chipotle and Sriracha sauce they have goes so good with everything. My fave is the chicken sandwich and the Ziggy burger. The chocolate shake is amazing and in my opinion way better than a dairy milkshake, better for your body and the environment. I would've given five stars but the last time I was there the cashier was a bit rude and used his bare hand to grab our brownie out of the display box. Also, they said they we're out of Sriracha sauce and then later mid meal brought us some. It was the first time we ever had service or an experience like this so I thought maybe they were just having a bad day. Other than that one time Hip City Veg is amazing and would make you question why you're not a vegan.Last week was my first trip to Hip City Veg and it was amazing! I've been wanting to try it for quite some time but never ventured over and now I can say this might become a regular stop for me. I had a cheesesteak, sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli and carrot ginger lemonade. My husband had the crispy hipcity ranch. Both were equally as delicious. I must say the cheesesteak was one of the best I've had. The portion of sweet potato fries was large enough to share but we each got our own (I devoured every single one with no regret). My husband really enjoyed his sandwich, it reminded me of the buffalo chik'n sandwich from Veggie Grill on the West Coast - and that's a good thing. I really wish we had room for dessert but maybe next time.There's something about this HipCityVeg that makes it a much nicer place to be at than the one downtown. This place actually has seating! Rather than four little tables and two window seats of the Center City HipCityVeg, this one is spacious and beautifully decorated with a zen-like atmosphere. Big kudos for the decor. The menu is the same and my dining partner and I decided to go with one of our faves from the Center City HipCityVeg, the Crispy Hip City Ranch. Alas, it wasn't as good. There's something about the crunch of the crispy coating of the same sandwich in the Center City HipCityVeg that is missing here. Perhaps a few more seconds in the deep fryer would've fixed that.
I LOVE the little two-person booths. If I was still in college, I would've totally loved going here with a cheap date. It's like upscale fast food without the shame of eating at a fast food place.I have visited the Rittenhouse Square location numerous times. The food is amazing! Very unique treat for a vegan. However the location in University City is a big letdown. I've gone twice and both times been given subpar food. Unfortunately I did pick up both times so I was unable to inform the staff while there. I attached a picture of the lettuce on my sandwich today. It was old and disgustingI'm already obsessed with the Rittenhouse location, and now they put one near my campus... I'm in heaven.
I like this one better than the one in Rittenhouse 'cause it's roomier, cozier, and I think the sweet potato fries are even better. 
Love you, HipCityVeg! Thanks for making vegan taste awesome. I don't even miss fast food.Typical "non-veg" foods like Philly Cheesesteaks made from completely plant-based, vegetarian food.
I eat non-veg, but this food was just delicious.
Made me think that it is possible to have completely vegetarian food, that is also really delicious.
We used a groupon, btw, so deliciousness of the food was so worth the the cost of our meal.I finally had the chance to check out this place after hearing a lot about it and I was very pleased. We came in here on a Saturday evening, and most of the tables were full, but I didn't get a packed feeling like you do at some places when it is full to capacity. Luckily there was a table that got up to leave by the time we ordered our food. The cashier was very helpful and made recommendations since we were newcomers, which was really nice. We both ended up ordering the chick'n sandwich, and I got mines with Avocado, which ended up being extra. In addition, we got sweet potato fries, lemonade, and a green drink. I was very satisfied with the service and food, and it was hard to believe that it was all plant based. Even the drinking cups said that they were made from plants. It is somewhat pricey, with our sandwiches and drinks it came to almost $40. But I guess the healthy food options are typically more expensive. I will definitely come back for another vegan meal- I have to try the Philly cheesesteak!I'm neither a vegan or vegetarian, but HipCityVeg proves that food, besides meat and dairy products, can taste extraordinarily amazing. I ordered the Udon Noodle Salad, Sweet Potato Fries, and an Iced Green Tea, which overall was really good, with just one minor issue. I got too full from the Udon Noodle Salad. This salad was a decent sized salad, containing arugula,  dressing, carrots, cabbage, peanuts, spicy glazed chick'n, and much more. The dressing (Chinese black bean) really helps blend in with the salad, which made it overall tasty. Actually one of the best salads I've ever eaten. The Sweet Potato Fries, which came with the sriracha ailoi dressing, was good; this dressing is definitely a must try. Finally, the Iced Green Tea complements the whole meal, bringing a great satisfaction and a full stomach in the end. 
Definitely coming back to HipCityVeg in the future. So much in the menu for me to try!HipCityVeg is really just okay. I suppose for vegetarians it could be a good option, but it is nothing to write home about, and as a non-vegetarian, I can get better value at other places.
I usually get the portabello burger, which is reasonably good. I wouldn't say it is out of this world, but it is filling, and tasty if you like mushrooms. The fries are also pretty good. Everything is a little bit overpriced though, so if you eat meat, I would walk down the road and go to Bobby's if you're looking for a better value.
I also tried the Udon Noodle Salad, which was extremely bland. I had to bring it home and put hot sauce all over it in order to consume it.Best vegan food I've had! You can't even tell it's vegan. Arugula taco salad and sweet potato fries with black bean sauce are my favorite options. And a chocolate soy milkshake for dessert. Great place for a quick and delicious meal. They even deliver!Went here to grab a quick lunch to go. Nice little spot with common seating in the middle with individual tables to the periphery. Very nice staff that helped me quickly. I wanted the Tofu Curry wrap, seemingly a popular item, but they were out of the white bean puree and the cucumber raita (aka half the wrap). I was a bit surprised but maintained my composure as I remembered this is likely a farm to table shortage situation. I ordered the special wrap (asian steak wrap) which was quite delicious and ample. I wish the sweet potato fries were not 5 dollars otherwise it would have been a nice and complete meal. The wrap alone was around 10 dollars. This place might be a little expensive for me during the lunch hours but I need to come back for the smoothies and fries.Just a note to parents: this place doesn't have a high chair and seems even a little hostile to those who bring in children. 
I guess I don't begrudge them that. But I think it's worthwhile for other parents to know before trying to take kids here.I've tried this place two separate times, and have never had a good experience. Maybe third times a charm..HipCityVeg is maybe one of my favorite options for vegan fast food. Their faux chicken and other meat substitutes make for a tasty menu. Their 40th street location is neatly finished and inviting. Be sure to order a side of sweet potato fries and try their Sriracha Aioli. A definite destination for the vegan or health enthusiast.I'm not a vegetarian much less a vegan but I could be changed into one if I could have this everyday! I ordered the udon noodle bowl which was pretty big and yep, I ate the entire thing! The atmosphere isn't anything fancy at all but who care when you're not lifting your eyes from the meal. I wish I was in Philly longer -- I would go back again for sure!The chicken nuggets make me feel in heaven -even better than real nuggets! Also for those who don't like drinks too sweet, the green tea is an awesome choice.Man, their groothies are good. 'Nuff said.I haven't had the food at HipCity in a long time, but the desserts are awesome!I'm making a rash generalization and saying that vegans have much smaller stomachs.
But actually, the portions at Hip City Veg were ridiculously tiny, probably only slightly bigger than your average kid's meal. I opted for the Crispy HipCity Ranch salad and my friend got the taco salad. Presentation was very average, diced vegan fried chicken drizzled with a peppercorn ranch dressing. I will say I did enjoy the crispness of the chicken, although the texture of the actual meat was weird. At first it tasted like I was eating a huge McNugget, but the meat was somehow worse. The dressing was definitely the showstopper. Creamy, peppery, and all around tasty, it really brought the salad together.
Ten bites in, and I realized my bowl was empty. It could be my fault for ordering a salad and expecting to be full, but I felt there could've been a tiny bit more in my portion. Needless to say, I probably won't be becoming a vegan anytime soon.I am neither vegetarian nor vegan but this place still rocked my world. I got the udon noodle salad and sweet potato fries and they were both so fresh, filling and delicious!! Love the decor and atmosphere of this place and can't wait to try more of their food!The Food: (Above Average)
This was my first planned attempt at eating Vegetarian, not as a permanent change in diet, but just too see if it could hold its ground among other satisfying categories of food...and it did! I sampled a variety of the sandwiches on the menu: Ziggy Burger, Buffalo Bella, and Fajita Wrap. Each sandwich was unique in flavor and had a satisfying flavor, and the size of each sandwich is plenty of food for a single serving, if not two. Of particular note, the "chick'n" tasted like chicken, and possibly (dare I say) better than some real chicken I have tasted. Fajita Wrap was probably my favorite sandwich, with a veggie patty that could satisfy a meat craving, as well as having an amazing avocado & chipotle crema. For a drink, I had to try the popularized Groothie, and it was very good, although not as sensational as it was made out to be. It tasted mostly of apples and bananas. As another side not, cupcakes were average (had the caramel and orange cupcake) but somewhat dry.
The Atmosphere: (Average)
Although I was expecting more of a hipster vibe, it felt like more of a coffee and sandwich shop setting than anything else. The seating and lighting threw off a clean, fresh vibe.
The Price: (Above Average)
Considering the veggie burger was big enough for two meals and the quality of food was super awesome, I would definitely say the approx. $10/meal price tag is spot on.
The Service: (Above Average)
Since the staff the staff are primarily in the kitchen or at the cash register, there isn't much interaction. However, my brief experience with the staff was pleasant and normal.It's...... About.... Time!!!! I loved eating at HCV in Rittenhouse, but hated that there was no seating or a bathroom. This new location solved that issue for me as there is tons of seating as well as a bathroom. I'm loving that I have one close to work and close to home now. I also really like that they kept the same menu. I have to admit though, I would've liked to see a few additions. Oh well! I will be returning and frequently.This place was well reviewed and really close to UPenn and Drexel, it's pricey for burgers, but keep in mind it's vegan. The burgers were good, nothing special, but their sweet potato fries are what got them from a 4 Star to 5 Star. The fries were crispy outside and soft in the middle. The sauce complements the fries really well and it overall left us full. Here's a picture of the meal, we got the Crispy HipCity Ranch and the Bistro Bella with a side of fries. The Aioli sauce was fantastic definitely recommend getting, and if you're into spice the siracha sauce has a late kick.The avocado taco salad is awesome! Prefect amount of tangy dressing and the ingredients are so fresh. It also delivers well so that's a plus!
The chocolate milkshake is good but definitely tastes healthy! You won't feel like you're cheating when you have this. If you're imagining an ice cream shop milkshake, this is not it but it's tasty in its healthy vegan way.Great Veg burgers and sandwiches.  Filling, tasty and never a long wait.Super tasty vegetarian food at reasonable prices.  Creative menu and fun beverages -- ginger lemonade, banana whips, and milkshakes.  The Ziggy Burger was particularly good, tasted to a real beef burger.The husband once went and brought me back the falafel and salad. Both were amazing. Extra props for staying good even given the long ride from Philly!What a wonderful establishment! The restaurant is very clean and the staff are very helpful and kind. I ordered the Groothie (and because I had never had it before, the server offered to let me sample it to make sure I would enjoy it!) The sandwiches and wraps are delicious; my personal favorite is the Bistro Bella! The arugula taco salad is another delicious option that I recommend for vegetarians who don't necessarily like tempeh or seitan (like me!)Want a Philly Veggie Cheesesteak? Yes, this is the place to go! 
The Portabella burger and sweet potato fries are also tasty.I'll give this place four stars. I really like the crispy "chicken" sandwich with buffalo sauce and I love the fries. However, it's a little on the pricey side for what you get. It's worth a try and I definitely find myself having cravings for that amazing sandwich but I would go more often if I thought I was getting more bang for my buck.This is literally the best food I have eaten since arriving in philly. In fact it's probably the best vegan food i've ever had. The staff were so nice and the venue itself is clean and comfortable (the restrooms weren't dirty which is always a plus). The food is amazing, i would recommend this place to anyone even if they ate meat, it's just that good. The Sriracha aioli that came with the fries was so good the my girlfriend wanted to get some to take home.
pros
+good food
+nice staff
+great atmosphere
cons
-they never have SIPPs when i want one
-they play bon jovi musicThis review is a little late. Came here on Christmas Eve after going to a movie at the theatre close by, so it was quiet. I'm not a vegetarian, but I had heard good things so we popped in with the family. We had the chicken tenders for the kids, my husband had the crispy hipcity ranch sandwich, and I had corn chowder, a special, which was very filling on the cold day. We were all very happy with the food, my husbands sandwich being particularly good! I loved the atmosphere with the long communal table and stools for sitting. And they were rocking 90's top 40 over the speakers which was really fun! They were closing early because of the holiday and we got some free cupcakes out of it! Definitely a bonus! It would be a good place to take your vegan/vegetarian friends.I adore Philadelphia's vegan food scene, so I was really excited to try the new HipCityVeg, conveniently (for me) located on Penn's campus--and it did not disappoint!!
I actually have very indifferent feelings towards the Rittenhouse HCV (everything there for me has been good but not FANTASTIC,) so I was expecting the same 'okay' quality. Walking in, the UCity location has a much nicer interior with a lot more space for people to sit. It's lush and green and really lovely inside, and, like the other HCV, you order at the front and the waitstaff will bring your order to you. 
I ordered the Crispy HipCity Ranch--a staple at the Rittenhouse location--to see how it would compare.
It was WAY BETTER than the Crispy HipCity Ranches I've had at the other location! The 'chick'n' was indeed crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, the vegetables were fresh, the ranch sauce super flavorful, and the bread soft and very good at bringing everything together. I went during opening week, so the sandwich was put together a bit weirdly (everything fell apart immediately,) but it was still absolutely delicious. My friends ordered the Bistro Bella and Philly Steak and they loved their meals as well. We wanted to order a groothie or another drink / side, but they were incredibly overpriced, so we passed. The service was a bit awkward and HCV was clearly overstaffed for the number of people actually eating there, but we still had a good experience.
Overall! This HipCityVeg is a welcome addition to the UCity food community, if you can afford it (I need to not go there every week and blow my bank account...). It's more spacious and, as of right now, has better quality food than the Rittenhouse location. Hopefully the waitstaff will become less awkward and the service will improve a little bit to make it even better!My boyfriend and i went here and it was beyond delicious. HE DIDNT EVEN KNOW IT WAS VEGAN!!!! so good, not too expensive either. Only issue is the music is a bit loud. Other than that, i loved the vibe and eco-friendly nature of the placeWhat's up, hipcityveg?  I thought I remembered liking you, but maybe it was your sister location in Center City.
Got a very uncrispy, "Crispy HipCity Ranch" sandwich (more like soggy).  Tasted decent enough, but probably would skip this location in the future.Oh my God I love this place I'm so happy it open up near me I'm new to Veganism and it's nice to have like a fast food vegan food I love their crispy hip city ranch you would never know you was not eating chickenMy favorite thing to order here is the Bistro Bella with Sweet fries. On my last visit I also ordered the chopped Med salad, however I wasn't able to enjoy it as it was dressed and I didn't eat it right away. By the time I went to eat it the greens were overly wilted and inedible. Service is usually quick and food is made to order. Definitely check this place out!! They need a reward program.This food is awesome and both herbivores and carnivores will LOVE this place I guarantee it!  Make sure to try the sweet potato fries - they are so delicious!   Also, the banana whip makes an awesome, delicious and guilt free dessert!The wizard BBQ chick'n was so flavorful that I forgot to take a picture! Delicious sweet potatoes fries! I'd pick the sirrache aioli over the house made Ketchup. My husband at the Crispy Hipacity Ranch and my bestie devoured the Buffalo Bella. They both enjoyed heir food! I'll definitely be back for lunch or a quick dinner.For those of us who stand in line at the original, know that its just as good with a lot more room. I should have checked to see if they have a bathroom in which case it would be the better of the two!
A few thoughts:
Love the eyeglasses against the red background, an ode the the intelligence of the Ivy League school blocks away. Reminds me of the advertisement Nick Carraway passes on the train in the Valley of the Ashes in The Great Gatsby.
I had an arugula taco salad. Exactly the same as the original location. If HipCityVeg can get this going consistently they may be on their way to becoming a national chain!
It's Fall and they have a pumpkin shake. Get the pumpkin shake. Absolutely perfect. You won't even try to make a pumpkin dessert this Fall because you can't beat that shake!I have been to HipCityVeg four or five times now, each time accompanied by my partner who is vegetarian. Both of us have enjoyed our dining experience every time. The ingredients are fresh and consistently delicious. There is some oil sprinkled on some of the dishes which takes away from the fresh and crispy feeling I sometimes associate with healthy eating. That said, the food is very flavorful. I'm yet to have anything that's less than great. The prices are also very reasonable. There's a good variety of drinks that are available but that's one part of the menu I have not really explored yet.Absolutely no complaints! Welcoming, relaxing ambiance, a wonderful staff and fair prices. The food is amazing all plant based wholesome cooking no processed ingredients, nothing bad for you and all vegan! 
I would try the ziggy burger if you want something close to a meaty texture and taste or the club chicken sandwich for the best of both worlds (chik'n and tempeh). I would also try a banana whip which is just two bananas and ice whipped to make an ice cream like texture, fucking yum! 
My friend tried the ziggy wrap and I had a bite of that and she said it was great.Love this place!! Great food with a great atmosphere and great people!! The food is very healthy and filled with tons of flavor!! The fake meat tastes nothing like the gross frozen stuff. It is fresh and tastes amazing!! Defiantly check this place out!!!!!!!I would not go to this place again their prices are ridiculous. 8 of us ate (6 adults 2 small children) and I spent over $122 dollars that's over $16 per plate!! ridiculous!! not worth the money!! go across the street you get better value for your money.Hip city veg is a great place to grab a bite to eat! The food is delicious whether you're vegan or not. The ziggy burger I had was very satisfying. The sauce in combination with the sautéed mushrooms gave it a great depth of flavor. 
If you like sweet potato fries then theirs are a must. Cooked to a perfect crisp outside while being thick enough to always be soft on the inside. Even when they get cold they refuse to get chewy. They're saltier than I normally go for in fries but it mixes well with the sweet of the fry. Then you have the dipping sauces; a black bean and a sriracha aioli. I'm not a huge fan of things spicy because it tends to overwhelm other flavors, but the aioli never burns the tongue; it reaches a low simmer and never gets hotter. In conjunction, the black bean sauce is the perfect thing to cool your palate or if you like things on the more herbal side of life.Also: the sweet potato fries and the sriracha mayo sauce that comes with it are AMAZING. They are next level fries and I have No Regrets. None.It's ok for what it is, food is not out of this world but the ambience is very very nice and the Groothie drink is AMAZING!!!To be honest, when HipCityVeg first opened, I thought I would never go there. As a meat-lover, I didn't think I would enjoy eating vegetarian food. And I especially thought that the idea of fake meat was strange. 
But I actually really like HipCityVeg. Generally, I go to HipCityVeg when I need a quick meal that won't put me in a food coma. The Udon Noodle Salad is my favorite menu item, though most of the food is pretty good. The desserts and drinks are also really good. The banana whip is delicious. And surprisingly, I found that I like the fake chicken here. 
The main problem I have with HipCityVeg is that it is pretty pricy. I can see how they get away with it because they serve a niche group of customers and make it seem like the ingredients are higher quality than at other places. But $9 for a tiny salad is a bit much.I'm not a vegan or vegetarian, but I like eating vegetables more than most places offer and salads are boring so this is a great place to drop by.
- Portabello burger: the bread is soft but hearty, the mushroom and everything inside is flavorful. 
- Curry tofu wrap: the tofu is medium, it's not firm like string cheese or soft like silky tofu and the curry flavor is quite strong. The other veggies in the wrap prevent the curry&tofu from tasting too heavy. It's not salty but does have a bit more spice than I like. If you are used to the amount of spice in Indian food, you'd like this.
- Udon noodle salad: this is my favorite. I wish the udon is more tender but everything works so well together. The "meat" is hot off the grill so it's crispy on the outside, juicy and flavorful. The salad and noodle are coated in a slightly vinegary and spicy sauce. It's the perfect filling salad for the summer!
- Cupcake: I had a peach and ginger cupcake. I'm a dessert snob and I'm impressed by the fact it doesn't taste vegan, but I can't really taste the peach or ginger in it. It just taste like a generic moist and nice cupcake with sweet frosting. If I have to nitpick, the frosting start to feel a bit greasy on the last bite, but at least it wasn't super sugary and is soft/fluffy.
I had another burger with crispy "chicken" I believe, the flavor was nice but it just taste like bland chicken and I would recommend the mushroom instead of fake meat if you are going for burgers. I had a green smoothie thing also, it just taste like a bunch of veggies and some fruits blended together, I wish they had either added sugar or more of....something so the flavor doesn't taste like it's been watered down. I do like the fact they have water provided if you don't want to order drinks, there's plenty of seating and it's a chill atmosphere. I wish it's a few dollarss cheaper, but the food is good overall.Went to the new Hip City location in October a little after the opening and as everyone else has said, it's just as good as its older sibling plus with a bathroom :) I haven't been to any vegan places on the left coast or in Chicago (Chicago Diner I need you in life) but I'm sure Hip City stacks up with all of them, even places in NY. I have no idea how they make their "chicken" sandwich but damn it's good. Keep expanding you guys, make your way down to Bmore and conquer this vegan wasteland. It would be much appreciated.Don't come here looking for health food, but expect incredibly delicious fat kid food. My burger tasted like one of the best beef burgers I've had and the buffalo ranch chicken that my girlfriend had was killer. The fake meat is indistinguishable from the real thing, except a bit lighter on the gut. Sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli was also really tasty. Again, don't expect health food.All I can say that it sucks that there is not one in Portland, OR.  I am dying for a groothie, those things are so great.  The food is also good, the salads and the ranch burger....  I am looking forward to being there again come September.  It sure can make going vegan easy to have a place like that locally.My new favorite place in University City!
I went here twice today. Once for lunch, and once for dinner. Was not disappointed either time. This is a great place to go for fast vegan food. Whether you're a plant or meat eater, you will like this place. I saw a LOT of happy faces (and it was super crowded.)
What I had:
Quinoa chili (a special for the season)
Pumpkin Shake (also a seasonal special)
Ziggy Burger
Udon Noodle Salad
Green lemonade
I LOVED my Ziggy burger. Whatever they put in that "special" sauce truly is special. I like the way they wrap the burgers up, so when you eat them nothing runs down your arm or gets messy. Not greasy in the least, just delicious and filling. The salad was also filling and is perfect for dinner - not too light, not too heavy. Just right. The service here is excellent. I even saw the owner for a bit making her rounds. They have desserts here! Brownies, shakes, cupcakes...didn't have any yet, but I'm sure I'll get around to it. The interior of this new location is beautiful. Lots of plants hanging on the wall, which I loved.
Sure, it's busy, but it's a great place to eat. We never waited more than 8 minutes for our food despite how many people were in there, which was excellent. They are very organized here and seem to really have things together. I'm sure impressed. I also love that all of their plastic ware and packaging is compostable! The green lemonade was super tasty - there's kale in it. I would have never thought to put kale in lemonade before, but it was a good combination. 
Everything inside is clean, too. Oh, and it's great that the tomatoes were SO red and juicy! Lots of organic ingredients. This means the food is...ehhhh kinda pricy. A burger here is $8.50 and it doesn't come with fries. They're separate. It's kind of expensive to eat here, but you figure you're getting top quality ingredients so it's worth it. We picked up a side asian salad for my boyfriend's tortoise for dinner and she loved it, hahaha!I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak with a side of sweet potato fries and Kale Lemonade.  This was my for my first time trying this restaurant and I ordered my meal through Postmates. I took a bite of the sandwich and freaked out because it taste sooo GOOD and looked like real steak. I literally called to make sure it wasn't real meat and the lady clarified that everything was made from soy! Thank God! I was so scared lol but besides my mini meltdown the Philly was good af and the the Kale Lemonade too ! Both were my first time ever tryingI am here at least twice a week, your taste buds will run wild. I have taken my non-vegan friends and family here and they enjoyed it as well. Chick'n Club w/ extra soy mayo is the go-to and that alone can fill you up. Great service and accommodating staff which is important. Awesome spot!When I say this place is POPIN. I come here all the time but never really did reviews. Today I had an original veggie burger because I'm a basic bitch. But it was really good and tasteful. I never did try the smoothies there but I heard they were good. I like to try one ting for a while and then move onto something new.HipCity is one of the most popular vegan spots in the city, and rightly so given how good their food is! The downside, however, is just how busy this place can get - on top of the fact that there isn't much seating.
Protip: if you want HipCity for lunch during the week, call ahead and place your order for pick up.My life was changed when I bit into my Crispy HipCity Ranch (their version of a crispy chicken sandwich-). Topped with fresh tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, and thick peppercorn ranch sauce, you couldn't tell me that this plant-based protein wasn't real meat. I've never had a tastier chicken sandwich and it wasn't even actually chicken! The restaurant itself was clean, there was ample seating, and the staff was friendly and helpful. The sandwiches are pricer than your standard chicken sandwich, but the quality is insane. Delicious and filling is exactly what you want from a meal. My new job is close to this location- I foresee myself spending many a lunch break here.Disclaimer: I am not a vegetarian. But, needless to say, I am not anti vegetarian. In fact, whenever I here really good things about a vegetarian spot, I get curious. And, that's exactly what happened with HipCityVeg. The word on the street is that this is a banging Vegan friendly spot, with the fake meat products.
After wanting to go for quite some time, I was finally able to make a lunch date with my wife. I was pretty pumped to finally be checking this spot out.
I got the Crispy Hipcity Ranch, a fake chicken and ranch sandwich. My wife got the Fajita Wrap. We shared some sweet potato fries. We each got a Green Lemonade, the green part is organic kale juice. And, we got two cupcakes, a vanilla raspberry one and a cappuccino one.
First off, the Crispy Hipcity Ranch was banging. Make no mistake, it was obvious that it was not chicken, which is probably for the best. But what it was truly was awesome. It was crispy and bursting with flavor. The moistness came through with each bite. So good.
The sweet potato fries were just perfect. So tasty, and cooked to perfection.
The Green Lemonade was tasty as well, but probably not worth the three bucks. I'm glad I got it, but not sure I'd get it again.
My wife really liked her Fajita Wrap.
I have no idea how they did it, but the cupcakes (Vegan cupcakes!) were almost as good as any other cupcake I've had. I could not tell that the cream had no dairy in it. If I was not so trusting, I'd call shenanigans. But I trust them and think they are just that good at what they do.
The true measure of a vegetarian or vegan place is if a meat eater like myself enjoys the food.I love the med salad! I get it everytime. Delicious, wish I knew how to make tofu like that. Banana Whip excellent. Really just bananas they run through a machine that freezes it like ice cream. Would get it again. Sweet potatoe fries were too soft & mushy for me. I have to go back and try some of their other salads and maybe I will try the veggie burger next.Decent food.  I got the bistro bella, which was tasty but nothing really special, but I do think everything is over-priced.  Not much can compare to the awesome vegan food I experienced in Los Angeles.  My friend tried their Quinoa Chili, which she enjoyed.  I do like the whole environmentally friendly, compostable concept though.  I wish more places did that.  The employees are very nice and they get a 5-star for music choice though!My first experience at Hip City Veg and I must say the Chic N Club was very good , the smoked Tempeh had a rich in taste along with the soy mayo gave it the perfect taste .This place is amazing! I am a meat lover and I didn't miss it one bit! I had the club wrap and sweet potato fries! I def can limit meat if I can eat this everyday !!! Oh and the banana whip!! Lawdddd so goodI'm not so keen on these veg places.  I'm more than willing to eat tofu, mushrooms, etc, but not so sure about chick'n or burger (that's not made of meat).  I heard about this place and especially heard about their Buffalo Bella sandwich and it was SOOO good.  I also ordered a side of Sweet Potato Fries with their siracha sauce and really loved that as well.  It might take me a few visits before I try their chick'n but I'd def go back and next time try Bistro BellaWhen visiting Philly you obviously gotta try a Philly Cheesesteak. Restaurant selection for a vegan/vegetarian one is small. We picked this place and the cheesesteak was unbelievable. It's been a year since coming to Philly and having it, yet I still crave it every once in a while.Three words: Vegan fast food. With a wide selection of to choose from, Hip City Veg is a healthy option for those who want to save on the calories but still feel full. My favorite dish is the Arugula Taco Salad. One of the few secrets about Hip City is that they allow for a lot of customization. I always ask for the Arugula Taco Salad as a side salad and most of the time, the staff honor it (without avocado though). It is a light meal, with plenty of taste (especially for the summer). The citrus infused complimentary water is always nice and if you have never tried the banana whip- I highly recommend it. With the chocolate chip cookie toppings, the banana whip will satisfy your ice cream cravings but for half of the calories. Speaking about sweets, definitely try the chocolate chip cookie. It is 100% vegan and tastes better than most cookies I have tried. The service is great- the workers are incredibly friendly, energetic, and enthusiastic about the food. The vibe is very relaxed and mostly for college students, although I see a lot of professionals as well. The music changes throughout the day (the employees pick the Pandora station), so you get a wide selection of music throughout the day. Besides the amazing food and relaxed atmosphere, the fact that it stays open until 11:00pm on weekdays is a great benefit!For fast vegan food this is the best place to go. Meat eaters will not be disappointed! Service is super efficient.I love the convenience of hip city veg.  They are fast and 100% plant based.  Fast food doesn't have to be bad food.Good salads -- great fast food spot for vegetarians.  Some of the options seem a little on the unhealthy side, so be careful when ordering,No way I thought, again no way that wasn't REAL chicken! The Crispy Ranch was great!! Did I mention the vegan chocolate chip cookies and brownies???!! I'm still thinking about how they did it!! MUST GO!!! What are you waiting for???It's rather pricey for what it is, but the salads are fresh and the juices are delicious. The interior of the restaurant is really nicely done, with family-style seating.I was thoroughly impressed with this place! The food choices are awesome and tasty, and all vegan. I had the Philly cheesesteak, Asian salad and a lemonade. I wish we had this place in NYC!!!! Friendly staff, clean and simple seating, oh and they even have cupcakes and cookies!I've been to Hip city Veg several times and each time I'm greeted by polite staff waiting to answer any questions I might have about the menu. The food is extremely tasty and doesn't leave me with that I over ate / wasted my workout feeling. The menu is supposed to be fairly healthy. With that said its disappointing not to see any information on calories and macros listed on the menu. I think hip city is a welcome addition to the fast casual scene. I recommend the crispy chicken sandwich and a order of sweet potato fries.The food is fine but a bit too expensive, and considering how "hip" this place is, the working conditions could be better. Eat small, tip big.Vegan or not, the food at HipCityVeg tastes really good.
I've tried a wide range of items here - the sandwiches in particular are flavorful and satisfying. The Crispy HipCity Ranch is largely reminiscent of a McChicken, except with fresher toppings, a whole wheat bun, and a patty that isn't repulsive. The ziggy burger is the closest thing I've had to a bacon burger in a long time (I don't eat red meat or pork), so for that, I'm extremely grateful.
The salads are less memorable - I'd rather go to Sweetgreen for my salad fix. Still, there are many great choices to try here. The quinoa chili (a seasonal item) is filling and hearty, and the groothie is a great choice to accompany any meal.
As someone who often enjoys vegetarian/vegan food, I'd like to see HipCityVeg branch out and add more 'veggie-based' dishes. As of now, the menu primarily revolves around meat substitutes (i.e. soy pretending to be meat). Personally, I'd appreciate more options that deviate from chick'n and tempeh (such as the quinoa chili), but overall, this place does its job: it serves vegan food that even a carnivore could enjoy.Thanks for opening up a branch in University City. I am vegan, and it's painful to find suitable and palatable options to eat out otherwise. (And ALWAYS cooking at home is boring)! :PAs a vegetarian, I'm a fan of HCV as I do not have to compromise for good food! My go-to items are the:
1) Udon Noodle Salad: I'm not fond of arugula so I always ask them to substitute spinach for the arugula. However, the dish can be a hit or miss as they often run out of the grilled tofu or put WAY too much dressing (making the salad taste oily and unhealthy). The salad is only ~400 calories which is much less than similar salads at Sweetgreen and the like so it's a good healthy option. Sometimes I ask for light dressing but then there is literally no taste. Again, overall a good salad but highly dependent on who is making it!
2) Buffalo Bella Burger: This is a great burger but kind of defeats the purpose of being healthy. I love portabella mushrooms and the celery slaw so it is still quite a delicious burger!
The Sweet Potato Fries are also a nice side to order. I usually go for the Sriracha Aioli instead of the Cilantro-Black Bean Dip as the former is a little spicy and goes well with the fries. Just keep in mind that 1) they often run out of ingredients (and they don't tell you), 2) their food isn't always consistent, and 3) it can be a bit pricy for a college student - but in general, I am a fan of HCV! :)I got a crispy ranch chicken sandwich buffalo style. 
INCREDIBLE. Perfect dupe for the Chick-fil-A spicy chicken sandwich. Not very spicy, so if you're like me, that'll disappoint you a little. 
Vegan paradise. 
First time at this location, 2nd time at Hip City Veg.
Only good things to say about this place! I love this location, much bigger and nicer than the Rittenhouse locale, and even has bathrooms.Stopped in here for lunch on a weekday while we were visiting Philly. There was a great all vegan menu. Salads, sandwiches, cookies, brownies, cupcakes.
Hubby and I both ordered the Philly Cheesesteak. It was a very large sandwich, half would have been fine, but I managed to eat it all. It came with sweet potato fries which was great for me, but hubby would have preferred regular fries which was not an option. The restaurant was clean and tidy and plenty of seating it seemed. It wasn't busy when we were there so I don't know for certain.I had been looking forward to trying this place for the longest time, and I have to say, I am a little disappointed. Although, everything is fresh and organic, and the service is excellent, the food lacks flavor.
I had a sip of my son's groothie, which was okay, but a little too sweet.  I tried the sweet potato fries which were so-so, but not worth the price, the arugula taco salad, which was good, but I ended up putting balsamic vinegar on it, because I wasn't impressed with the creamy cilantro dressing.  Finally, I tried a few bites of the buffalo chicken ranch sandwich which was average. $30 dollars later, and I feel like I could have gotten a better lunch for two at a restaurant with drinks taxes and tip included.  Although I didn't think the food was bad in any way, it didn't live up to all the "hype" that surrounds it. I would not go out of my way to eat here again.Love this place! Whenever I'm in the area it's a must! The disco chicken sandwich is so darn good! The staff is always so pleasant and helpful.It's kinda expensive....and the cheesesteak was kinda greecey...but everything else is great! I had the $5 shake and it is soooo worth the $5!!! It was thick and yummy just like the average non-vegan milkshake. And their chicken sandwich.....unreal!! I had to stop and remind myself that it was a vegan food place because the "chicken" tasted like it was really a non-vegan chicken paddy! Incredible! Lastly, their Muffins are so moist and delicious!! not like some that can get dry at times. Deff go here!I really enjoyed this location! I've always been a fan of HipCity and took my Delco friend to this location and lovvveddddd it. So spacious compared to the busy 18th street location, and the vibe was so chill. I mean, it just really seemed like a happy spot where families and friends came and the employees were so very friendly and warm. It was nice to see employees seeming to enjoy their day with each other and with the customers. I'm  really happy with my experience. Thank you for having a bigger space! I can always get fast & friendly service at any HipCity, it's obvious they train their employees really well. I know I came to the University City location on a holiday weekend (MDW) and the off-season (No School) but I really can't say enough about the positive vibe. It makes the food taste better. Thank you! Just be vocal and clear about what you want and they will take care of you :-)Overpriced and doesn't taste good. The only good thing they had was the sweet potato fries and even those are too expensive. They're charging too much for a fast food place. And they don't even have meat. Where does the money go!?Hit this place up after a soccer game, and got there around 10pm. It had a lot of people in there at that hour. The employees were friendly, and the food came out fast. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries and my husband got the chicken fajita wrap with sweet pot fries. We tried both the black bean and sriracha sauces. It was all delicious. We also got the brownie to go. I can only hope that a Hip City or something like it comes to Cbus. I will be thinking of this place often.Me and girlfriend went here.. I'm just starting to try and eat vegan/alkaline.. Was very surprised how good the food was.. Got the chick'n club was awesome and we got the Philly steak which was also goodLooks like meat. Tastes like meat. Feels like meat. But guess what.. IT'S NOT MEAT.
Fantastic vegan location in University City! Looks amazing inside and greeted by helpful staff who know their way around the menu! Seitan, Tofu, and Tempeh - all my new favorite things. We're stuck in University City for a while and have probably come here for dinner 15 days out of 30. No joke. Maybe more. 
As a side, the sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had. Get the sriracha aioli sauce. And as far as sandwiches go,  my favorite are the Crispy HipCity, the Philly Cheesesteak,and the Ziggy Burger! Can't go wrong.
They overdo it with the sauce on the sandwiches at times - delicious, but could definitely be a bit lighter. The seitan is sometimes a little salty as well but overall,awesome place,will keep on going!Hip City Veg replaces all other places to eat on campus. Period. 
I was a bit afraid to try this place considering my only vegan experience prior to this was a nasty vegan cheese pizza at the university dining hall. From that moment on, I told myself to avoid vegan at all cost. Finally, I succumbed to the urge to review this newly opened place, and told myself I should go try it!
FOOD: 5/5
FLAT OUT DELICIOUS! Vegan? What? Everything tastes so real (meat like). I feel like if I were a vegan, I would almost feel bad eating this because it tastes so much like eating meat (my apologies if this offends any vegans out there), but seriously, wow. I tried the Philly Steak as my first meal yesterday, and it tastes beyond amazing. I went back today and went for the Ziggy Burger. Again, not disappointed at all. Their smoothies also look quite popular; I might just go back for a lunch snack there to get a smoothie, and did I mention, I'm going back there for dinner again, 3rd night in a row. In all, my only complaint is that the food is a bit pricey. I avoid SweetGreen because a $11 salad does not fill me up. Although the $9 burgers/subs do fill me up, I wish it could be cheaper so I could OVERINDULGE! No shame....
AMBIANCE/LOCATION: 4/5
The shop is a bit smaller in comparison to some of the places around campus, but considering its prime location right next to the high rises and being on 40th street between Locust & Walnut, it can't get better. Inside, it's very fresh looking. Plants displayed on the wall, and everything has a wooden, natural feeling. Best of all, it has a compost bin, and they try to make as many items compostable as possible. 
SERVICE: 5/5
Nothing much to say, but they are pretty darn quick! 
Can't wait to be back. I'll definitely reconsider this review in a couple weeks/months once the hype is gone!I was skeptical of a vegan meatless restaurant, but my vegetarian sister got me and my mom to try the place out. It was surprisingly good! I got the classic veg burger which looked like chicken, tasted like chicken, but was not chicken! It's made of a tofu mix I believe, but it was better than most real chicken sandwiches I've had. I got it with a side of sweet potato fries which paired really nicely with it. I tried my mom's arugula taco salad which was also tasty, but not something amazing.
I've heard that this is a popular lunch place to go to (I came on a day trip), but it was just to pricey to justify as a frequent lunch. I did, however, enjoy trying out a vegan restaurant as I never had before.Eeehhh... after experiencing the UCity HipCityVeg for a semester now, I'm less impressed with them. Most everything I said in my original review still stands, but here are some updates:
- They are out of certain foods/ingredients very, very often--out of the 5 times I've asked for a milkshake there, they only had the ingredients to make it once. I don't know if this is a product of demand or just... lack of planning? 
- Honestly, the entire menu continues to be ridiculously overpriced for the quality--the only things I find myself willing to pay the price for here are the Crispy HipCity Ranch (which really is one of the most divine sandwiches ever created,) the milkshakes (...which, like I said, are rarely there, in my experience,) and perhaps the desserts.
- Service has improved, I guess? The waitstaff isn't as awkward anymore and things are done methodically and on-time, so that's a plus.
Yes, HCV is still nice to go to, but really more as a very rare treat than as a regular go-to place for poor college vegetarians.Love this place ! Try the ziggy burger and or the crispy hip city ranch. :) staff is super friendly and always answers questions in a courteous manner. Keep up the good work :)Service is always friendly, and I love how there's such good vegetarian food within walking distance of campus where I work. I'm an omnivore but with such great vegetarian options in the city, I often opt for HipCityVeg or Magic Carpet if I don't bring lunch. Lots of healthy options and great/wholesome smoothies, but a bit pricey of course.This place is fantastic. Coming from Seattle, where we talk the talk of vegetarian food but have rather few restaurants, I wasn't sure what to expect from Philadelphia, a decidedly less trendy city. This was the first place I ate at in Philadelphia and I was blown away.
I was awestruck when I saw the menu. It's overwhelming; for someone who's vegetarian and who's used to having one or two options, being able to choose.. literally.. anything.. is a delight.
I ordered one of the burgers and it was decidedly healthy and cruelty-free. I haven't had many burgers made of beans and the like so the flavor was new; probably not my favorite at first, but I think it would grow on me.
The people are nice, the decor is pleasant, and all the other formalities are taken care of. Fantastic place to eat.Interesting and delicious selections.
I came here with my vegan friend, and it was the first restaurant that I went to that had just vegan food. Upon entering this shop, I was surprised at how the interior was oriented. It had tables and a long row of benches similar to a cafeteria. 
I only got the fries, but they were delicious along with the black bean dip. The cashier was also SUPER nice, and was friendly and made small talk. I would definitely try this place out for their entree menu even though I am not vegan!As a former meat-eater turned vegan, I can say I have no idea how they make the food so meat-like. Guarantee you give many of these items to non-vegans without telling them and they'll think they're eating chicken.
That said, what makes this place so good isn't just the meat substitutes, but everything that goes with it. The overall flavor and taste is amazing. I haven't had an item on the menu I didn't like. Even simple things like a side salad are better than most places.
Strong recommend.Perfect spot to grab lunch and take to the park on a nice day.  My boyfriend actually brought me here after getting a "Fajita Wrap" on his own a few times and genuinely thought that it was real chicken, so I had to try it.  I typically detest imitation meat products, but this was delicious! Can't wait for spring to be sprung so I can plan another take out picnic.  
One star deducted because it was pretty cramped and there were a few employees hanging around in peoples way, but it was popping off at lunch time so that's a good thing for business.  No restroom-- they suggested we use the Barnes and Noble Bookstore.Pricey but delicious. My carnivore boyfriend loves this place. Totally worth it. Everything's good.This is honestly such a pleasant place to sit in. I usually come with a friend to catch up over banana whip topped with cookie crumbs. It's a little over $5 which is a little overpriced for blended frozen bananas, but still delicious and reasonable for dessert pricing. 
I also like their chipotle chicken wrap. I'm not a type of person who eats sandwich wraps generally, but this is a good one, with fresh avocado. Always a plus!This place is healthy and delicious. The groothie (green smoothie) is yummy, and the ceasar salads are awesome.  Only downfall is that this place is a bit pricey and the food isn't necessarily filling since it's soooo darn healthy.  But if you don't mind spending an extra buck or two in order to have a healthy lunch - this is definitely the place for you.Found this relatively new place, thanks to you helpful Philly Yelpers, thanks! 
The place has a clean, simple look, with a long communal table in the middle and two seaters on each side. Step up to the counter to view the menu of vegetarian options, and the drinks menu is to the right of the cashier. 
The Udon Noodle Salad was good. It's seared spicy tofu chicken ("toficken"?) served with Udon noodles with Arugla. At first glance, I thought "I should get some Sriracha for this", but the toficken itself was seasoned well enough that no additional seasoning was needed! It was also probably the healthiest thing I ate on my weekend trip to Philly.
I got a Carrot Ginger lemonade and wasn't wowed by it. I got kinda jealous of the people walking out with Green Smoothies "Groothies" and the "Five Dollar Shake" looked really good too. I love HipCityVeg and now this and the Rittenhouse Square location are on my radar for when I return!Awesome awesome and awesome... good food and good peps. Even if your not vegan try it....The crispy hipcity ranch with buffalo is single handely the best vegan imitation dish I have ever eaten. If you live here, go here. If you don't, go there. If you are vegatarian, go vegan. If you are vegan, hell yeah. The girl at the register was so beautiful. Jimmy Logan Jimmy Logan is an ugly idiot.In looking for a nice healthy lunch spot, i fell upon this little gem. Wonderful, friendly and efficient staff and even more wonderful, fresh delicious food. I had the Udon salad...very tasty and satisfying, the perfect summer time lunch. Loved the music playlist here also!  Stevie, Sly, Bee Gees, Heatwave...are you kidding me! Awesome spot.I love this place!!! Great food with great taste that made me feel very healthy, not to mention such friendly people! I'm looking forward to visit again!Love its sweet potato fires and the Frossie!Shakes that make you wanna shake your booty and sweet potato fries that melt your soul... oh and it's vegan but you won't noticeWhat a wonderful first experience! The manager was super friendly and helpful with making excellent selections.  The crispy chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries with spicy aioli are MUST HAVES! And who knew kale lemonade was so delicious?!?! ‍‍‍We finished the meal with chocolate shakes with brownies in them that were magnificent! I will be back every time I come to Philly!!I've had the HipCity Ranch 3 times this week. Great addition to a fairly stale mix in this part of University City. Reasonable priced vegan fast food, great service.It was okay. I ordered the philly sandwich for my husband and asked for no mushrooms. The cashier said they were already mixed in so it came with the mushrooms. I assumed chopped in little pieces. My husband was able to pick them out afterwards!The food here was amazing. I've heard good things from people before and after looking at the menu myself, I knew I had to try it. I got the Hip City Ranch Sandwich and chose to "Buffalo It", an order of the sweet potato fries with the sriracha aoili, and the green lemonade. For what I got, I feel the total was a little expensive but it was absolutely worth it. The food was delicious and I left full. I second guessed the chicken after taking the first bite, I didn't believe it was vegetarian. Everything was full of flavor and really hot. The lemonade was also really good. I'm already looking forward to coming back and trying something different!The Groothie rocks and I can't wait to try some of those awesome vegan eats. 
With free wifi and a decent amounts of seating this place can totally suck you in. But that's awesome! I am so excited to have a place nearby that is totally plant based! Yay. The ambience is cool and the staff is super helpful. I'm so down with their Eco conscious philosophy also. 
I'll be sure to update my review once I try something in solid formUgh, of COURSE I would have a bad experience right after writing a positive review. This is my 3rd time getting the Udon salad bowl because the first two times it was delicious. Well, I finally know what some of the reviewers were complaining about now. It is a flavorless greasy mess this time. Too much oil, not enough of whatever dressing they were using. It is expensive enough that the inconsistency in taste should not be tolerated.Never in a million years would I ever think of eating anything vegan... let alone love it! But BAY-BEE.... I am a fan! I can't wait to go back! OMG like I absolutely can not believe that the Philly Cheesesteak I ordered was NOT meat! Now I am a realist... and I love beef cheesesteaks. So yes... you will not get the same texture as beef just like you don't get the same texture from a chicken cheesesteak. However, I really can not believe it's NOT meat! The service was phenomenal... and fast! My chocolate milkshake was so good. I don't do dairy... so it was so amazing to finally satisfy that craving! Parking was easy! I'm looking forward to returning and trying more items... I just might become a vegan after this deliciousness today! #ImAFanDragged here by a friend who wanted to pass on the caloric load of Ben and Jerrys next door. So we got the banana whip.
To be honest it's no ice cream or froyo, but I did feel guilt free for eating it because they said it's only made with banana. Pretty sure my stomach will thanks me also since I actually am lactose intolerant...
Didn't have brownie bits when I went around 9pm on Saturday night. Lost opportunity but perhaps a sign from above to skip it.So good! All the food here is amazing and filling. They really do magic with plant-bases items. I love their milkshakes, especially the strawberry (when they have it). The staff is always super nice and helpful. Though it is always busy, it moves pretty fast so it is not hard to find a table.one of the employees at this location was wearing a cross during lent. i could tell they were not at all religious, so i asked them kindly to please tuck it into their shirt, at least while i was there. that felt simple enough, it was a sign of respect for me, the customer. WELL the employee decided that they couldn't do that to show me a modicum of respect. instead they motioned as if they were tucking it in their shirt and as soon as i turned my back it was sitting there, emblazoned on their chest. i was truly offended and upset. i didn't even want their food anyway at that point. i just couldn't believe an employee could be so inconsiderate.This is definately another vegetarian spot to hit up when you think you had way too much meat in a week and when you're in a rush. It's also a great spot for vegetarian as well (duh!). Service is quick and friendly. Menu is simple but still a good variety. They have sandwiches, drinks, salads, and a few desserts.
I ordered the Jerk Chicken salad. The "chicken" was great. It was seasoned very well and the spices on it were delicious. However, I felt the dressing really overpowered the salad. It was beyond creamy/thick and too salty. It really made eating a salad feel not so healthy. The saltiness was crazy...like I need a sip of water after taking every bite. I'm assuming the dressing is homemade, so I definately recommend cutting back on some salt.
As for the price, I felt they were a little high. Since when did salads get so expensive?
Overall: I would definately come back, but next time, I'll go for a sandwich instead. I feel like I can get fuller off a sandwich than a small saladthis review is for the second hipcityveg location, the one in university city.
the items i've tried on the university city menu (the fajita wrap & crispy hipcity ranch) seem identical to the ones in rittenhouse. and by jesus, i hope they continue this trend and become the vegan answer to mcdonalds, with hipcity consistency around the globe.
can you imagine, 30,000 hipcityveg's around the world, on every corner, in every podunk town - just like the golden arches? i can. yes i can. you know why? because i dream big. and because HCV is GOOD. i want to see them get so big they're able to offer a vegan dollar menu. 
i want to see hipcityveg in the hood. i wanna see 30 hipcityveg's in midtown manhattan. i want to know that i can get a groothie should i ever find myself in dubai.
back to this location: they have not one, but TWO restrooms, and tons of seating, which more than makes up for the lack of either at the rittenhouse square park location. but speaking of parks, you have an equally pleasant park right across the street from this outpost - locust walk. plenty of benches, trees, grass, people, pigeons, dogs... just like rittenhouse.
and here's a tip when ordering: add smoked tempeh to your crispy hipcity ranch for even more gluttonous (but plant-based) awesomeness. maybe someday they'll name it after me, and i can share in the spotlight of the hipcity dynasty.Delivery Review:
I'm probably not the target demo of HipCityVeg, but I appreciate a good vegan/vegetarian meal from time to time.  Personally, I'm a big fan of the Campo's veggie Cheesesteak at CBP.  So, I'll dabble in the veggie meals, though it's really a once-in-a-while option.
In any event, my wife had guests in town, briefly, last night who were vegan and so our options were limited.  Since they arrived later in the evening and were simply crashing until they moved on tomorrow, we wanted to treat them to something hot, fresh and vegeterian/vegan.  HipCityVeg was nearby and fit the bill as it was also on our "to try" list.
Pros:
The food is pretty good to my amateur vegan palate.  I had the Cheesesteak which features beefless beef strips.  They had a texture closer to mushrooms (standard for vegetarian beef alternatives in my limited experience).  But, had great flavor and when mixed with the other veggies and the non-dairy cheese.  The ketchup was a needless and annoying addition that I will ask them to hold next time.  I put ketchup on bad (drunkenly ordered) Cheesesteaks at wawa, but anything halfway decent doesn't deserve that treatment.  These qualify as at least that.  So I would order again.
My wife had the Chick'n ranch sandwich.  She enjoyed it quite a bit and the flavor and size were there.  It had a nice slightly charred edge, which helped meat-eaters like us.  There wasn't quite the 'snap' of eating a chicken breast, but overall, it was enjoyable.
But let's talk about their sweet potato fries.  They're a delight!  They're well-fried, but not overly crispy.  Very flavorful and the sriracha aioli and black bean dip were amazing additions.  
We ordered delivery, so we can't speak for the restaurant itself here, but the service was incredibly fast and our food was delivered in 20 minutes or so.  So clearly, regardless of our driver's diligence, the food was prepped quickly.  It came well packaged and without issue.  
We also did not feel nearly as bloated and uncomfortable as perhaps comparable fast casual fare from say Chipotle or a burger chain.  
Cons:
The price is a little over the top.  A sandwich and fries is about 15 dollars which I think is a little high for a fast casual restaurant.  Similar restaurants are probably a few bucks cheaper, but I guess it's comparable (E.G. a five guys hamburger and fries is ~13 dollars, Shake Shack is ~11 dollars).  Take from that what you will.  
Conclusion:  Hipcityveg is a welcoming alternative for those looking for a nice fast casual dinner that isn't a meat-induced coma.  It's not my favorite meal in the City or necessarily preferable to a few of the traditional alternatives but it's probably a welcome addition to lunches or quick dinners from Chipotle/Qdoba or a burger place and is much lower on the calories and heaviness that comes with those places.  But the price is a little bit more and so if you're trying to stretch your dollars, you could probably do better elsewhere.  We'll probably return on occasion.I'm updating my review based on recent visits. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:
****^ Ziggy Burger is definitely one of HipCityVeg's top sandwiches for me. It's a tasty vegan burger that's well-textured, not dry. It could use a bit more kick in terms of flavour.
** to ***** Crispy Hip City Ranch sandwich is usually good, but the last time I had it, the "chicken" cutlet was extremely dry and hard to eat. Maybe that was a fluke, but I wish it was more consistent. I still love the tangy ranch sauce.
** The Disco Chik'n sandwich was not enjoyable. The smoked tempeh was all right, but the grilled "chicken" and the rest of the sandwich were very dry and bland. Thankfully, my dining companion was easygoing & let me switch sandwiches so I didn't have to eat any more than the initial few bites.Get here before the hoards of students take it over! For now, apparently, the secret is not out, and this place seems to be having a relatively quiet opening week. But once news spreads that you can have your cake (fast food) and eat it too (cuz it's plant-based), I'm sure the lines will wrap around the block much like the Rittenhouse location.
I ordered the Udon Noodle salad. Forgot to ask for the dressing on the side, but oh well, it was a bit on the oily side, but super delicious. More noodle than salad, but definitely decadent and yummy. I really love the tasty marinated chick'n on top. They don't have the Level Up thing set up yet, but hopefully that's coming soon.
This new location means I can hit it up easily on my lunch break. Dangerous but wonderful. More and more vegan options come to University City and I'm not one to complain!Definitely coming back here again! I've only tried a few things on their menu including the Crispy HipCity Ranch, Udon Noodle Salad and the Fajita Wrap. My favorite would have to be the Crispy HipCity Ranch along with the sweet potato fries. 
It's a bit on the expensive side for a college student but definitely worth trying!As a loyal fan of the original location I decided to pick up my favorite, Bistro Bella, when I found myself in west philly this evening.  I'm sad to say there is a big difference in quality between these two locations.  I've never had anything but a perfectly seasoned and crafted meal at their rittenhouse location and this was anything but.  For starters, the bun was stale and not grilled on the flat top, the mushroom was under seasoned and undercooked -watery and rubbery.  The usually delicious toppings of arugula (way too much was carelessly piled on!), artichoke (cut in large awkward chunks), and olive tapenade were put on so haphazardly that you could barely eat it.  
I love you HCV, which is why I'm writing this- please check the food your serving!  West Philly deserves an option as delicious as your original.Pretty okay food. It's not bad, but I am not a vegan or vegetarian, so I'm not really benefiting anything from this place. I tried the fajita wrap, the bistro bella, and the crispy hipcity ranch. The foods had a LOT of flavors -- in fact, too much. I had only a bite of the fajita wrap from a friend, but I thought it was okay, nothing special; I'd much rather have a real chicken wrap. But the two other foods definitely had too much flavors/sauces. Every time I bit into the bistro portobello sandwich, my palate was bombarded with glaze and vinegar. I love portobellos, but this sandwich was too tangy and almost sour-like for me. The "chicken" in the crispy hipcity ranch (my friend got it served on top of a salad, so it was not a sandwich) tastes surprisingly like chicken, though the texture was definitely different (not as "stringy" or chewy as chicken). However, this meal had SO much ranch and barbeque sauce -- it was really too much, so much spices and pretty heavy, drowning out the salad greens. 
This place is probably nice for vegans, and service is really friendly. But as a non-vegan person, the food is just overpriced and too flavorful. The milkshakes are quite good though, and I hear the banana whip is amazing -- but $4 for a cup of frozen bananas, really? :POH MY LANTA ! Amazingly yummy. First time here and the experience was excellent. I'm a new veggie and I must say I'm going to be hooked to this place... nuggets are my favorite but to have them Veggie Style! WOW I'm in Veggie Heaven lol thank you ‼Great vegetarian sandwiches. Can't really go wrong with anything. Been here multiple times. Really like their chicken sandwiches. Tastes good and while you can probably tell it's not real meat, the taste holds its own.Finally, a vegan cheesesteak that's worthy of being served in Philadelphia! Since the closing of Gianna's Grill I've endured several years of vegan cheesesteak mediocrity. No more! Although HipCityVeg's offering is not as legendary as their previously mentioned, defunct peer, the HipCityVeg Philly Steak has made it to my "awesome vegan sandwiches" list. 
Placing higher on that list is their Ziggy Burger. After 15 years of vegetarianism it's hard to get a rise when I see "veggie burger" on the menu, but the Ziggy Burger really raises the bar on this commonplace staple. It is thick and juicy, the sauce is incredible, the bun is sufficiently sturdy, and the presentation is delightful. The new University City location is spacious. The decor is beautiful- live plants and all. The dining room is clean. The staff is friendly. One bit of advice: it is best to visit this spot during the holidays when the students go home to their parents.First of all, I LOVE finding a restaurant that is completely vegan. So glad that I was in Philly and found HipCityVeg. It's a very cute little place, with lots of plants on the walls and tables. I ordered the Crispy HipCity ranch and buffaloed it. I would definitely recommend this! It was amazing and I enjoyed every bite. The sweet potato fries were also super tasty. The iced green tea is one of the best green teas I've had. The food's a bit on the pricey side but it's very tasty and portion sizes are decent. Overall I would definitely recommend trying HipCityVeg to anyone looking for a good meal while in Philly.I ordered a Philly WITH NO KETCHUP what I got was a Philly with extra ketchup. I ordered take out this is like the 3rd this has happened.Ordered the udon noodle salad and fajita wrap, and both were awesome! Very flavorful and fast service. The ambiance is really cool add well. Lots of seating options. Will be coming back!I love hip city and all the food on their menu. But I have ordered pick up multiple times and each time, the restaurant fails to include the Sriracha aioli with my fries. I check each time now and each time I have to go back to the restaurant after leaving to get my complete order. It's only a big deal though because the aioli is so good. Wish they would be better about checking all the orders.I've had a couple things from the menu here and they are all good. The nuggets are a classic go to, the BBQ "chicken" wrap with avocado and the chipotle fajita wrap are quite tasty (and BBQ is a special), and my new favorite is the curry tofu wrap! Hint: any of the sandwiches can be made into wraps, and some of the wraps can be made into salad, if that is more of your thing. The strawberry milkshake (also seasonal) is to DIE FOR. I'm just waiting until they bring that back (they better bring it back). The milkshakes are really good in general, and not just for a vegan milkshake, but for a milkshake in total. Really haven't be steered wrong here.Hip City Veg is a dream come true. As an Ohio native, there are not too many vegan options where I am from, especially fast food vegan options. I love everything on the menu! The crispy chickn and the portabella are among my favorites. 
I have recently had the smokehouse and it was amazing! I couldn't believe that it was not really beef. The barbeque sauce blended with the crunchy texture made for an appetizing sandwich. I definitely recommend everything on the menu!