Good food, reasonably priced, and nice staff. Not ideal for eating in, but since they are going for a fast food approach to vegan food, that makes a lot of sense. I know the buffalo bella is the dish that they push the hardest, but for my money the Cheesesteak is the way to go. And pro-tip: Get the sweet potato fries.Super lunch option
Watch out for the yoga mats
You won't miss the meat
Lunch has been very strange for me since HipCity opened. Because here's the thing: I am a meat eater. I mean like my last meal on earth would be a burger. Or, just maybe, the fajita wrap. Because it's that good.
Haven't had everything on the menu yet, but everything I have had has been great. The buffalo bella and crispy hipcity ranch are amazing sandwich alternatives, especially paired with the green lemonade. The groothie is also delicious, and can stand on its own to get you through an afternoon if you only want to spend a few bucks.
Okay suffice it to say that the food is great. The staff is also very friendly, and when they get busy someone will come out along the line and take orders so congestion doesn't get too bad at the register itself.
My only issue with HipCity is that it is at times nearly impossible to figure out where to stand when you're waiting to order or waiting for your food. People kind of convene everywhere and it can get awkward when there's a line out the door. In such a small space it's hard to rectify, but if I see a line out the door I tend to walk on by not because it's a long wait (they're really efficient), it's just difficult to navigate the interior.Wow. I am not a vegetarian, nor am I a health-food nut (except for my random "diet" binges) but this place is awesome. A co-worker talked me into trying it out one day (by going there and getting me something and putting it in front of me) and she created a monster. I may not order every day but I sure do think about them. And their delicious salads! Every time I go there I am greeted with a smile and there are tons of other people waiting for their food, as well. Good company =)Great location, great food, and friendly staff! There are only a few seats and the store gets pretty crowded with people waiting for their food. I saw a lot of online order ready to go at the counter and think that would be the smart move the next time I want to come during a weekday lunch rush. Weather permitting, it's great to grab some HCV and eat it in Rittenhouse Square across the street! I've come a few times with friends and coworkers and no one has complained about their choices (vegetarians and meat eaters alike)!I like this place.  Unique sandwiches, and it's definitely the best place to go if you want a healthy option or have vegan friends.You honestly can't go wrong here. My favorites are the Udon Noodle Salad (a-ma-zing) and the Crispy Hipcity Ranch (so, so good). Friendly staff, fast service. Oh, they deliver too!I know people RAVE about this place, but frankly I find it A-OK. 
It is a great location, the food is fresh, and they have a great variety of vegan options. But I find it pretty blah otherwise. I've had the crispy ranch and the curry tofu and enjoyed both of them, but I feel like I expect more out of a specialty vegan place. I did really like chick'n in the crispy ranch. The fries are pretty good too. My green lemonade was way too sweet and lemonade-y for me. 
If I were you, I would try it because people love it so much and you get some unique items. But for the $10 range for a lunch item, I wouldn't  say it's nothing AMAZING.Magical vegan heaven. My wife and I stopped here on a detour from our route back home to Boston and she (a non-vegan) devoured their Philly steak. I literally had to pry her away from ordering more; I don't blame her at all though because the food was damn good. I had the curry tofu wrap and it was delicious. The place is pretty small with limited seating so a lot of people were taking (and I'm assuming regularly take) their food to go, so I'd be wary of this if you're wanting to sit in. 
But yeah this place rocks. Their kale lemonade alone is worth the 5 stars. Next time we're in Philly this place will be among the first in which we stuff our faces.Had a vegan chicken burger and it was delicious! Tasty with good spices. Small space inside and a bit crowded when you are waiting for the food. But no long wait, exceptionally fast and this was during lunchtime. Perfect if you order food to go.Despite being a staunch meat-eater, I can say without question this place rocks! My brother and a friend (both vegans) also enjoy this place. So, it's safe to say that this is a great spot to get food in general -- whether you're a vegan or otherwise!I've had the crispy chick burger and fries with aioli dip several times and it's so good I'm not gonna change my order. If they could improve in something it would only be lowering prices.This is a good place to get a take out lunch if you are in the mood for something healthy. I would not recommend eating there because seating is limited and there are crowds of people waiting to order/pick up their take out meals.  Rittenhouse Square is just a few steps away and that's where I go to eat my lunch.  The lady sitting next to me on the bench remarked how good my food smelled.
 Everything on the menu at Hip City Veg is vegan, though even if you are not vegan/vegetarian I would recommend it because the food tastes really good!
I liked the Udon noodle salad with faux-chicken. I've also had the ziggy burger which I thought was pretty good for a veggie burger (loved the fresh tomato, lettuce and onion) but especially enjoyed the sweet potato fries I had as a side.
There are also some interesting drinks. There is a "groothie" which is a greens and fruit smoothie. Personally I thought it was just OK and not that thirst quenching, but it seemed like a lot of people were ordering it so I tried it.  I preferred the green lemonade (lemonade plus kale, sweetened with agave), which was both delicious and refreshing! 
Overall I'd recommend Hip City Veg and plan to go back!I was looking for a gluten-free option, which basically left me with a taco salad. It was basic and not very filling, but good. I'd like to try the green smoothie- it looks delicious. I applaud this place for it's location and well designed menu. I hope that they can one day expand their venue to include seating and more gluten-free options.HipCityVeg is a vegan fast food restaurant. The food is delicious and addicting. Don't expect it to be more than what it is and you will be really satisfied with your experience. I've ordered delivery from them three times and have dined in once. The delivery was exceptionally quick, which makes me believe that most of the food is already made before you order it. It's not piping hot and fresh, but it still tastes great. The buffalo bella and fries are definitely my favorite items. If you're looking for something more upscale, try Vedge, but if you're starved and you need a quick vegan bite delivered to your office quickly, you can't go wrong with HipCity.Why did it take me so long to return? Oh gods of HCV, i've missed you so!  I came here for a quick bite after shopping on Walnut.  It was peak lunch time and they were busy! Be patient, it's definitely worth the wait.  I ordered the "chicken sandwich".  Anytime i can enjoy a delicious sandwich is a winner to me.  Do yourself a favor and grab a sandwich, get a groothie, and walk to the park and enjoy. Your welcome!WOW!  The food is oh so good.  I've eaten at a lot of plant based food restaurants at different locations all around Philadelphia and the surrounding counties.   Hands down HipCityVeg has the best tasting vegan food that I've ever tasted.  It is my new lunch spot.  The Philly Steak and carrot ginger drink was absolutely delicious!  I had my food delivered to my job and it arrived way before the estimated delivery time provided.  Two thumbs up, I highly recommend HipCityVeg.Burgers are large and tasty. Staff are courteous and friendly. I would definitely come here instead of Bobby's or Shakeshack. Unfortunately, I currently don't live in Philly and will have to wait until next time to try out the rest of the menu. 
Just a heads up, my burger got a bit messy to eat, but it was worth it. Get Ziggy with it...This place was a great! It was first time in Philly and I was starving. The guy that took my order was super nice. I got the buffalo bello and a chocolate & vanilla milk shake ! My meat eating friend got the chick'n fajita wrap and he devoured it. Even the water was delicious with orange & lemon slices in it. I'm definitely going back next time I'm in Philly !!!I'm 100% omnivore but um....HCV's sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli will. blow. your. mind. 
"Sriracha aioli," you think, "....yawn." No, no - this aioli is otherworldly. The fries are perfectly done, and the combo of them with the aioli is incredible. 
This is all I've ever had from HCV to be honest (multiple times though). And it is enough for me to give 5 stars!love vegan food.
shared a ziggy burger with a friend. presentation was cute...wrapped in brown parchment paper like a baseball.
tempah patty was delicious-warm and crispy.  texture was nice and meat like.
sauce on burger added to its juiciness and richness.  
it was a very filling burger, although i only had half of it. 
i can totally eat here daily!Restaurant has an excellent service, good tasting food, for someone on a rush, or someone looking to have a vegan experience.. I Totally recommended.Oh no..I may have a new obsession. 
My experience with the bella buffalo sandwich was truly amazing. The sauce was delicious and flavorful, the mushroom fried golden to perfection. Just the perfect amount of crunch and it held up to the sauce and other toppings.  I also don't know where they get their bread, but the roll was also fresh and yummy. I devoured my whole sandwich in less than ladylike time (and demeanor). 
Will 100% be back.What an amazing place!! Down here for work and decided to stroll around. This place popped on yelp and didn't disappoint... DELICIOUS food! 
Had the Crispy Hip City Ranch. I'm not a vegan/vegetarian at all and I thought this was better than any real chicken sandwich I'd usually get. Service was great... Staff extremely friendly. Also had the green lemonade.. Again, delicious. 
I'll be coming here every time I'm down from NYC for work. Wish we had one of these up thereExcellent place for lunch.  Order ahead for takeout or delivery.  The udon noodle salad, hip city ranch and ginger carrot drink are my favorites.  I do NOT recommend the cheesesteak.  I actually threw it out.  I'll stick with Blackbird for that.HipCityVeg is different than the other vegan restaurants Philadelphia has to offer because it is based on great tasting fresh foods that are prepared fast. The menu was created by Marquis and Rich Landau, known for the upscale vegan restaurant, Vedge, and his previous endeavor, Horizon's restaurant. HipCityVeg is a fast food restaurant that serves burgers, wraps, salads, fries, and healthy drinks of many popular non-vegan dishes. I had to try two of these creations!
Let's be honest... These sandwiches didn't last very long! The sandwiches had a lot of flavor and were fantastic! My favorite of the two was the Crispy HipCity Ranch, by a long shot! I liked the Buffalo Bella, but I thought that there would be more of a buffalo flavor. The Crispy HipCity Ranch tasted very much like it's non-vegan counterpart but more fresh and better prepared. I was most impressed by this sandwich! These sandwiches aren't cheap, but are worth the cash if you can spare it!
The restaurant is small. Small enough that I decided to take-out instead of waiting for someone at one of the 5 or so small tables to leave. I decided to just take my order home to eat, but the restaurant is close to Rittenhouse Square, a great park for picnicking or eating from a bench. The atmosphere at HipCityVeg is clean and refreshing. There is water available while you're there that is flavored with fresh fruits. I enjoyed some while I waited for my order to be prepared. There was a FourSquare deal available when I ordered here, and they accept LevelUp, an iPhone or Android app based payment service that has loyalty discounts.Went here yesterday (Saturday) and I can officially say I am HOOKED. The chick'n ranch sandwich is incredible. It tasted so much better than real chicken - I couldn't believe how they nailed down such a real taste. Can't wait to return and try basically everything else they have to offer!I have been here a few times now and have never been disappointed. Everything is pretty delicious. The $5 milkshakes are freaking amazing. I will say that it's a little on the pricey side for what it is, but the food is tasty and the atmosphere is nice. I will definitely be back!The food is great, the service is fantastic, and everything is composts me or recyclable! The prices can be just a bit steep which is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars. I felt $21 for a burger, fries, and a milkshake was too much but it was forgone toy some of the yummiest vegan food I have ever had. Seating is limited at this restaurant as it's mostly a takeaway spot. Plan to most likely get your food to go.I'm typically a carnivore, but Hip City Veg was very tasty!  I had the fajita wrap for lunch.  It was a little pricey (around $9) for me, but it was big and filling and delicious.  It was busy around lunch but the service was apt and friendly.We moved from the city to the burbs recently... and I must say that HipCityVeg is on the top 10 list of things I miss.
HipCityVeg, please do not foresake the burb people.  Please save us by opening a store out in Wynnewood or Narberth.  We promise to frequent weekly.Great food- terrible staff. 
I work near HipCity and I think the food is inventive and fresh. But I have to steel myself to deal with the arrogant and generally unhelpful staff. Yesterday I had the nerve to ask for my salad dressing on the side after I ordered and the guy sighed and rolled his eyes and went to the window to inform them of the crime. The restaurant was not crowded (I was the only person in line) really?This place is a vegetarian's dream! Food is great and their portion sizes are large. Although it is slightly over-priced, I highly recommend it (for meat-eaters too!). My personal favorite is the Crispy Ranch Chikn. I get it every time!I've always heard great things about their groothie so I tried it. It was giving me a smoothie-gasm. Love it. But then one time it was served room-temperature and it was awkward...which was off putting to me because I don't really like warm smoothies, though other people may not mind. Personally, I think I pay good money for this, so it bothered me. I came back another day for another try, and I realized I fell in love with the groothie when it's chilled. I've yet to try their other goods! I like the vibe of the place itself though. Lots of positivity :)We stopped in and I had the burger and my wife had the cheesesteak.  Both were tasty, I think both agreed that the burger was better.  We also had order of fries, our total was just over $24, a bit pricy for take out lunch.  Maybe the cost is in line with other Rittenhouse eateries, I don't know.  There were only a few tables, so I guess it is a take out joint.  We enjoyed our lunch.
My wife said they were the BEST sweet potato fries she ever had, and we have eaten these everywhere. If we are downtown again we will try other choices.
The other comment I have is that everyone (customers) in the store looked like they were between 20 and 30 years old.  And most of them had piercings or tattoos, so I'm thinking healthy eating is trendy?  The store was hopping.This is hands down my favorite lunch spot downtown. A few weeks ago I stumbled upon this place and we have a beautiful lunchtime relationship. HipCityVeg provides me with a healthy option that my work cafeteria cannot (Salisbury Steak... again?!??) and is not TOO harsh on my bank account. I highly recommend the Bistro Bella on a bed of arugula (get rid of those carbs!!) and the sweet potato fries. Man those sweet potato fries are what dreams are made of.  There is always a line but they seem to move pretty fast at lunch. I recommend calling in early for pick up then stroll down to Rittenhouse Square with your vegan feast and enjoy a nice lunch!Oh my goodness - this is what vegan food should be. I don't know how they do it, but this is one of the only places where fake meat doesn't make me nauseas. Unfortunately, I live in LA, and while you'd assume there's great vegan food here, you'd be wrong. Places like hipcityveg really put Philly on the vegan/foodie map.  I crave this place all the time and can never find a decent substitute for the crispy hipcity ranch. Please expand so vegans and foodies everywhere can enjoy your menu!!!This is the worst take out I've had.  All I wanted was a large salad tonight and I'm so mad I just wasted $20.  I tied ordering a taco salad and when I asked the girl for an add on of chicken, she said no. Not it will be an extra 2 or 3 dollars (which I would have happily paid) but just a no we won't do it.  I changed my order to the Udon Noodle Salad.  I was then told it would be 45 min-1 hour.  It was an hour and a half+ before I got my order. 
I was looking forward to a large arugula salad with chicken and the other items, instead I got a small bowl of cold noodles with a little arugula and cold chicken. It was awful and a waste of money.  I ordered sweet potato fries on the side and they would have been decent had they not been freezing cold.
Don't waste your money!I *really* want to be able to give this place five stars!  The menu looks great, the staff is friendly and you can tell that they really care about what they are doing.  I want to love this place and I think I can if they can be more consistent with their quality!   
I've eaten there twice and both times there was something off about my meal.  First time around I got the peppercorn ranch chicken sandwich with a side of kale.  The sandwich was *almost* good but there was so little ranch that I barely tasted it and my sandwich was rather dry.  The kale was delicious.  I tasted my friend's caesar salad and while the concept was great, it didn't taste like much and was too skimpy on the dressing.  Second time I ordered the classic burger and a side of kale.  The burger was super yummy and there were enough condiments this time but my kale was very badly cooked.  Scorched in some spots but mostly raw with uneven seasoning.  Some bites were super salty and others bland.
I'm wary to go back because I've been so disappointed twice before.  I'm sure I'll try again soon but I'll have to get over my disappointment first.It is really hard to find a vegetarian restaurant around the Rittenhouse square area. If so, all I could get is a blackened black bean burger.One late afternoon, I found this joint near the Barnes & Noble. I ordered a Fajita wrap, sweet potato fries and ginger soda. 
The wrap was pretty good and so did the fries. The ginger soda went well with them. This would be my go to place, if I am roaming around this area.this place is in rittenhouse so obviously it's expensive, it has to be.  i like the chopped med salad, and thats what i normally order if i go there with friends. ( i'm trying to avoid mock meats in general, so i stay away from the burgers.)  the smoothie is great but i found out its like almost 400 calories, again i avoid it.  this place isn't for me like 90% of the time, but when you're hungover and want something greasy: stumble in and you'll leave happy.Listen, I can even take my meat-eating parents here without a hitch, so they've gotta be doing something right. I have encountered almost zero disappointment at this place. I've been vegan for almost 10 years now, lived all over, and this is the best vegan take-out joint I've EVER been to. 
My favourites are probably the Crispy HipCity Ranch ('chickn' burger), Ziggy Burger (tempeh), Jerk Caesar Salad, Green Lemonade and sweet potato fries... my Philly-native husband loves the cheesesteak.
I love salad but couldn't get into the udon and spinach salads (could have just been the service that day---few toppings on either). Definitely don't make up your mind about this place until you've tried a burger!I'm so happy there's a vegan restaurant so close to campus! First off, love the udon noodle salad. It's actually quite large and filling, although there were a lot more noodles than I expected (I had expected a bit more vegetables.) The sweet potato fries were nice and crispy - I'd highly recommend these.
Their green juice is overpriced (when are juices not overpriced), so if you're on a juice cleanse you'll probably end up ordering one here.
I ordered the tofu burrito once, and this was definitely by far the best I thing I've ordered here. It is extremely filling, and the curry wasn't too spicy or salty and complemented the array of fresh vegetables quite well inside the soft tortilla.A bustling little spot downtown with decent choices and prices, and very friendly service.
The only thing really special about the food here is that it's vegan, but it is nice to finally have a veggie "fast food" option!A year later ~ I can honestly say this is my "happy place" ~ I've tried almost everything on the menu and it is all absolutely delicious! I'm seriously addicted to the Udon noodle salad and green lemonade! :)I'm convinced that the Kale Lemonade is the only thing that gets me through how brutal summer can be in Philadelphia. Not to mention everything that I've tried on the menu has been delicious. A+ vegan comfort food! -One star for the annoying name. Sorry.The chick'n Fijita wrap was so well flavored.  I usually don't care for meat substitutes but in this sandwich I, an omnivore for the first 21 years of my life, could have been fooled by this chick'n.  The staff was very nice and my wrap was ready in under 5 minutes.The service was great! Our cashier was incredibly nice and helpful. She gave us a whole run down of the menu and what the place is all about. We ordered the chipotle fajita wrap, Philly steak, and crispy chick'n sandwich with fries. The fries are sweet potato and the siracha aoili was magnificent. We all enjoyed our food, it didn't feel like a vegan place - the imitation meats were good at imitating and all the seasonings and flavors came together nicely. Overall a really good meal, I'd recommend this place. The only down side we had was the grainy bread and the seasonings on the Philly steak could have been better. Definitely worth a try if you're in the area! (Beware this is very little seating)Only tried the hip city ranch chicken sandwich and fries but WOW were they delicious. Sandwich was on point (could've been a tiny bit crispier in my opinion) but the taste and portion was excellent. Will definitely be visiting again. Only downside is that the space is tiny and you most likely will not find a seat if you go on the weekend between 12 & 5 pm.......So I'm from Cali where there are no shortage of Vegan joints, and I must say this place would for sure be stiff competition for a few of the Cali franchise joints. And the Staff was beyond Stellar. And they where open during a snow storm.......Loved It!!I'm not a vegetarian or vegan but I enjoy the food from time to time. I ordered the Ziggy Burger it was eh. It was really dry and not much flavor, there wasn't much of the special sauce on the burger to begin with and I think if there was more it would've tasted better. My friend got the Philly Steak and said it was pretty good. We shared the sweet potato fries with the sriracha ailoi which was really good! Space is very limited for seats and my friend sitting on the shared bench was being moved every someone got up or sat down, kind of annoying. The staffed seemed nice but kind of impatient. Overall it was alright. If I come again I'll get something else since the burger just wasn't good and maybe I'll have a better opinion about the food. I will say the people who ordered a few of the drinks they have looked good.This place has the freshest food! I love the crispy chicken ranch sandwich, I'm not really a big fan of the ranch sauce so I usually just get the soy mayo instead! I've also tried the taco arugula salad, and the corn soup all of which were super good as well!Torn between a 2 and a 3, and I'm so sad about it!  
The first time I went here I had the Ziggy burger and it wasn't bad, but was so messy that it just fell apart everywhere.  I probably would have given it a 3.  The fries are good, but not mind-blowing as some people have described them.
Tonight, I read a ton of great reviews about the Philly Steak, so I was happy to try it.  Somehow, on the 3-block walk home, the sandwich became extremely soggy.  Not just regular messy-sandwich soggy, but so soggy that I couldn't actually pick it up.  I had to eat it with a fork.  The tomatoes and lettuce had already become warm, too.  The mushrooms and mock meat were pretty good, but for some odd reason, there was a ton of ketchup on everything.  It took away from the other flavors.  
Lastly, the prices posted on here are not updated.  The meal was over $15 (something like $9.25 for the sandwich and $4 something for the fries).
I'll try it again and get another dish on the menu, but I was so sad about tonight's experience.Finally checked out hip city veg after hearing great things! I am not a vegetarian or vegan, and I do think some people get confused by their menu including "chick'n" and other products that sound like meat, but this is definitely a vegetarian only place. No actual meat! That said, almost all of their menu items contain some type of protein and they have a variety of options healthy. I particularly liked their taco salad! I just had to try a chocolate shake (made with soy milk) after seeing one, and it was absolutely amazing! Honestly I liked it better than most dairy shakes I've had. My only issue is that it seemed like there were a lot of employees behind the counter chatting while I waited almost 15 minutes for my shake. I did have to go back up and remind them and then it was made quickly. They were all super nice and friendly though.
Overall it's a great place for grab-and-go fresh foods or a casual sit-down. And great location off Rittenhouse square!Awesome Vegan cafe! I can always expect a fast, quality lunch or dinner from here. I frequented HipCity as it is near where I had worked and the Philly Cheesesteak is delicious. I cannot recommend it enough, and many of my peers that I have brought to HipCity have continuously enjoyed their experience and the Cheesesteak as well. It is a messy meal, but so worth it.This place serves great vegan fast food. I was there about 3 weeks ago. I had the cheesesteak and crispy ranch chicken sandwich. Both were delicious. The place was clean and employees looked like they enjoyed being there. The staff was friendly and efficient. The cheesesteak was much better tasting than other vegetarian cheesesteaks I've had. The flavors work really well together.Just o.k. food. Acceptable service. Not-so-great interor design/ambience. 
They got lucky with their location. They have a long way to go to prove they're worthy!I was in town on business and feeling on the edge of a cold and I was really looking forward to a healthy salad, but unfortunately I didn't have the best experience. I ordered the Chopped Med Salad and there was so much oily dressing that it leaked through the take out bag and puddled at the bottom. The menu also indicated it had greens, but in fact it was on a bed of iceberg, which I find a bit shocking for a vegetarian restaurant. Where is the nutrition value in that? The only plus was getting a free (tasty) lemonade because I checked in on FourSquare. Overall I found it bland, boring and uninspired for a veggie place.Love Lovee the place. Had the sweet potato fries and a veggie burger. Both were spectacular... and I'm not even a vegetarian!!
The only small iffy thing I have about this place is that it doesn't have much seating, but other than that. Hip. modern. awesome.Loved the food!
What's the favorite?  
The Crispy Hipcity Ranch
Ok, we'll order 2 and a Bistro Bella, Caesar salad, and sweet potato fries.
My nephew couldn't believe it wasn't really chicken and even asked again what it was made of.
So maybe in this case, looks likes chicken, smells like chicken, tastes like chicken but ITS NOT!  Aww fake out.
We passed the Bella and Chicken around and loved them both and better than the salad.
I tasted the banana the most in the groothie which was filling in itself.
The place was small and jammed packed which was also another good sign.  There are about 4 spaces to sit inside and a small bench outside.
We lucked out on timing and got a chance to sit and eat.  Not sure if there is a park near by but worth getting for on the go.
I thought the prices were good for the amount of food we got and we were full and happy for the rest of the day.  My nephew's dinner wasn't as good as his lunch :) and a new vegan and meat eaters we were all impressed.Wow! I LOVE this place!
It is a small little place in Philly, we wanted something new (other than our other fave New Harmony) and I am so glad we did! There isn't much seating though so be aware that it can be hard to get a seat, there are two seats facing the window so you can people watch, then a booth side and 3 small tables with seats on the other side. So a total of about 8 seats. AND NO BATHROOM! So don't go in expecting to use one. The staff is super nice and helpful.
I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and I was in love. I have never had such a great vegan version of a cheesesteak in my entire life. I have tried one other in Philly and it was nothing compared to this. I ordered a side cesaer salad and it was delicious. He ordered the ranch chicken sandwich and he loved it. We keep saying how badly we want to go back. The teas there are delicious as well and they have a water jug if you just want to drink water. I will 100% go back to this place for the cheesesteak and maybe I will try something new but we shall see because I loved that so much.
Oh and the chocolate milkshake is wonderful! I wanted to go back for another because we were sharing and both of us wanted it so bad.
If you are vegan, vegetarian, or just trying something new - YOU NEED TO TRY THIS PLACE!I would move to Philly just for HIP CITY VEG! Wow. I was blown away by the sandwich. Vegan what?!!! AMAZING... I mean prices are what they are because you are eating HEALTHY food, not some gross McDonalds. Why can't people understand that it takes a lot of thought and care to create something this delicious and be meat free?! My roomie and I both tried the Ranch Chick'n Sandwich. My mouth is salivating right now as I write this. I dont know how much I can go on! The bun was so soft and flavorful with whole grains, the texture of the chick'n was equally balanced with the rest of the flavors in the veggies of the sandwich. 
I had the sweet potato fries as well, and I've never had anyone make such delicious fries before! The Kale Pesto whatever sauce they have for dipping, I used for the fries along with the sandwich and the perfect ugh.... I need one NOW...
Oh and dont forget to get a green lemonade to go with that! Please open one in NYC!Well, what can I say? We are officially addicted to HipCityVeg. It's convenient and delicious and vegan. Vegan. Take out. West of Broad. Whodahthunkit?
The space is small but bright and the staff is very helpful. For a busy small space, they keep things running very smoothly. 
We have worked our way through a great deal of the menu so far and the big winners are hip city ranch, udon noodle salad, the buffalo bello and the spinach salad. The fries are pretty good as well. We also love the groothie and the green lemonade. Ooh, and the canned soda is a nice healthier soft drink choice. 
Really, if you want something quick and tasty that's not going to make you feel awful after eating it, this is the spot.The ziggy burger was the best thing I've ever had. I'm from Richmond and we are getting so big on vegetarian options, but nothing we have compares to the ziggy burger.This place is awesome - super fresh and high quality food and good creativity on the menu. It helps to be a little patient since everything is made fresh and expect city prices. 
For a first time, definitely start with the ziggy burger and some fries with aioli and then on the next trip grab a philly steak. The spinach blt salad is one of our faves also.OMG.  Visited this place with family on a Saturday night.  The staff was super friendly and the food amazing.  The hint of grill on the Chick N Club -- so yummy.  Also, Crispy City Ranch, Philly "Steak" were great too.  My husband said that the "Chick" N Nuggets were better than the vegan places in NYC that we frequent.  The Groothie and Green Lemonade hit the spot; and we finished off the meal with a coconut cupcake and cinamon bun.  I only had a bite of the cinnimon bun because my kids divoured it before I could get my hands on it again.  This will be my go to spot in Philly.I love this place. It popped up randomly while I was looking for a new place for lunch, and it has quickly become my not-so-guilty pleasure in the city. Just... UMG. I got the Ziggy Burger based on the review here, and I was hooked. It's flavorful, it fulfills my oral cravings, the lightly pickled cucumber in the burger is a zippy surprise, and is just what I want after walking across the city. 
Yes, I walk from 30th Street Station over to 17th, and back during my lunch break; it's a perfect 40 minute walk with a lovely break in the middle. It certainly helps eliminate any guilt I MIGHT feel after chowing down on such delicious vegetarian fare. Heck, I'm not a vegetarian, and I could happily dine on Ziggy Burgers and their fries and dip until I die.
Did I mention the fries yet? Oh dear. I asked someone in the shop if they were in line, and when they said they were trying to decide what to get I suggested the Ziggy burger "and don't forget the fries, they're amazing". She got right into line behind me and ordered the same thing, and I hope she enjoyed it. The cilantro black-bean dip is to die for. It's a very subtle flavor, but it's a flavor that melds so beautifully with the sweet saltiness of the fries. Heck, I had some for lunch today, and I regret not sucking down those last few fries now that I'm about to have dinner. It's a good thing I live outside the city and only work there, otherwise I'd eat at HipCityVeg twice a day.
It can get a little crowded... Okay, that's a lie. I've never seen the place without a line out the door. However, don't let that stop you if your boss is militant about your lunch breaks--the ladies work with military precision in there, and you will be out the door in five minutes or less no matter how crowded it gets on the sidewalk. As others have said, you can always go to Rittenhouse to eat, though I always manage to luck out with the stools by the window.
If you're interested in vegetarian food, or want a healthy alternative to the street carts (which don't get me wrong, are awesome in their own right), you need to eat here.Awesome vegan food! And the cashier was super friendly and helpful. Wish they had a bigger sitting area, but their cool wraparound papers on the sandwiches kept the food hot.
The crispy hipcity ranch sandwich was a great dupe for the chick-fil-a chicken sandwich, and a good portion size. Sadly, the limited time birthday cake milkshake was pretty bland--neither buttery nor vanilla-y like birthday cake should be. 
I'm looking forward to trying everything else on the menu.I probably won't be ordering anything from here any more with the new delivery system. Sorry too inconvenient.I've been vegan for 11 years now and have been a loyal customer since these establishments opened. I love their food so much my fiancé gave me a 40$ gift card to this location. I normally frequent the one on 40th and walnut (so often that they know my name and order) and the people have always went above and beyond at that location. However, today I went to the Rittenhouse location and after ignoring me for five minutes, the lady wound up taking my order. I ordered 3 items off the menu and I tried to use my gift card. At first it got declined and then a manager came over. She checked my balance and it said 0.00$!!! I was devastated. Since my fiancé doesn't really lie to me (why would he in this situation?) I am left to believe that when he bought the gift card, the worker pocketed the cash and never loaded the gift card. I'm very upset because I love the food so much, but this is unacceptable. They have lost a loyal customer and I will also warn others about the dishonest workers at this location.I like this place. The spicy Asian steak wrap was tasty. I don't know what the "Steak" was, but the damn wrap was out of my hands in a matter of minutes - so that says something! It was filling. The vegetables were clearly fresh. They have a solid, hard working team and a good process to move people in and out - so don't be concerned about the line (lunch time) it will move quickly. Will check out some other stuff here. It's a worth check out again spot.Not the best quality today in my arugula
Salad.  The avocado was bad (gray) and yet still served on top of the salad.  Usually much better.  Staff mis rung our order and changed it from salad to wrap.  While walking out, we were stopped and asked for $2 difference.  Not very professional nor customer friendly.to die for food w// such great employee+customer service! the chocolate milkshake is a must. definitely don't skip over this lil place.This food is amazing and definitely worth the hype. I love the sweet potato fries (make sure you try the black bean dip with it, it is amazing!) and if you're just starting to get introduced to vegan food then get the chicken tenders, they taste just like real chicken its absurd. A little on the pricy side but thats to be expected since it's vegan, and seating is verrry limited!!I had a fantastic meal here. I was blown away by the deliciousness of everything that I ordered. I had the Hip City Ranch Burger with a "Groothie" (AKA Green Smoothie). The burger was great. The wheat bun was delicious, and the lettuce and tomato were fresh and crisp. The chicken tasted so real that I kept having that guilty feeling that us vegan/vegetarians have when eating meat - but I wasn't eating meat. It was tricking my brain. I even picked off a piece that I thought was "fat", but then realized that that was impossible because it's just tofu. They have completely nailed the texture, juiciness and flavor of chicken! Amazing.
I will be back again and again because the service was friendly and fast, and the food was mind-blowingly delicious. Even my non-vegan husband couldn't get enough. It will be even more awesome in the summer-time, when it's not freezing cold outside and we can actually take our burgers to go! Looking forward to trying more of their menu, including the sweet potato fries!Great for vegetarian/vegan. Really flavorful burgers and the staff is always friendly and polite. Really like the sweet potato fries and buffalo nuggets too!The food is excellent the price is kind of high but it's worth it!!! I tried the Philly cheesesteak as well as the sweet potato fries both excellent!!!! I will be backIf you are aimlessly staring at the menu, get the Ziggy Burger! I mean, how cool is that name? The sweet potato fries were yummy too. 
Space is limited but everyone is friendly and the overall atmosphere is nice.
My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that this is one of those places that carnivores tend to like more than actual vegetarians/vegans because they serve what I like to call "sex with your pants on" food. As in, lots of carbs and empty calories to make it agreeable to those who feel that healthy food is tasteless. If you are looking for clean and unprocessed ingredients and are turned off by a little grease...this may not be the spot for you. But if your only requirement is "meatless", or you want to try something new and different, this is definitely worth a try.
BUT...I think even the most health conscious palettes can appreciate the power of the Groothie. 
Love, peace, and veggies.I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet!?!?!? 
IT IS GREAT 
Great LOCATION in the busy part of Center City right by Rittenhouse Square. I like to take their food out into this park and enjoy it outdoors in the warm season. 
They are very efficient and provide nice and quick SERVICE. 
The MENU has options between salads, wraps, burgers and fresh squeezed drinks.I've got to hand it to the vegans/vegetarians. This place is so hip right now. Everyone is driving from suburbs and New Jersey to eat. 
The menu has a little something for everyone. I have been impressed how the food is not so vegetable heavy and tastes like a regular carnivore meal. I love the fries and the sauce you get with them. I have always been happy with my food. 
One thing just to remind society.... While the food might be vegetation/vegan. That doesn't make it 100% healthy. But I'm sure it's healthier than a cheesesteak at Jim's on South so what am I complaining about. 
Level up is accepted as well. There is not a ton of seating and there is no bathroom (isn't that illegal??). As others have commented, probably best to take your meal to go and eat it in Rittenhouse Square.
Definitely a must eat in PhillySunday - April 28, 2013 - 10:30 AM
I'm an evolving carnivore.  Non-meat options are gradually finding their way into my diet.  I've always enjoyed fruits and vegetables but, meat has always been a staple.
 I've heard mainly positive remarks and the promise of a Sunny Sunday prompted this suburbanite to venture into the city. HipCityVeg is a small store within a minute walk from Rittenhouse Square.
I was immediately greeted by a cheerful 20 something that eagerly described some of the customer favorites.  She recommended the $9.00 Udon Noodle Salad (Chinese black bean dressing, sprouts, arugula, carrots, cabbage, daikon, peanuts, & spicy glazed "chick'n").  My eyes transfixed to an oddly written drink - The $4.50 Groothie (green smoothie with organic apples, organic leafy greens, bananas, & seasonal fruit).  I ordered same.
The Udon Noodle Salad was very good but, was suspicious of the so-called chick'n.  Why?  It tasted like grilled chicken but, in fact, is soy and organic grains cooked on a hot stove.  The Groothie was refreshing and flavorful.  
I won't wait for another Sunny Sunday to enjoy HipCityVeg.Love this place, 100% vegan /veggie, and earth friendly recycled materials! And the food here is top notch.  It's cramped and small, so get take-out because there's only 3 small tables to dine-in.
I had the Ziggy burger ($8.5), pretty much like a loaded veggie burger with all the toppings and sauce.  I think it was the best veggie burger i ever had in my life.  It was huge and plump, and oozing with juice and sauces.  Delicious!   I've also tried the taco salad ($8?), the cilantro dressing was amazing, and the sweet potato fries ($4) were also amazing.  I have also tried the Curry Tofu Wrap, this was also delicious, loaded with juicy tofu in a sweet curry sauce, with avacado, lettuce, and sprouts.  The cucumber dipping sauce is also yummy, although not needed since the wrap is juicy enough by itself!
They have this green health smoothie shake for $5.  It tastes soooo good and is loaded with fruits & veggies.  Called the "Groothie".. Order it!  Yumm 
I would eat here every day if I could afford a $15 lunch every day!  But, for now. I will highly recommend this place, and I'll keep coming back (maybe once a month lol).  I wish they would give you discounted fries with purchase of a sanwhich, like a "combo" option, or have a frequent buyer's card, but I guess you can use Level Up for that.  Best vegetarian take-out in the city hands down.Once you try the fajita wrap, you'll never get anything else at HipCityVeg. It's honestly one of the best things I've put in my mouth--and a lot goes in there. The sweet potato fries come with a great black bean/cilantro dip that's unlike most anything else. I. Love. Hipcityveg. It's quick, it's good food, it's all vegetarian.I'm starting this off by saying I am a part time vegan. It's very rare that I find restaurants that either cater to veganism or restaurants that have tasty vegan dishes. HOWEVER, this place right here is one of the best places I've been to. 
I ordered the Ziggy Burger and OMG if that smoked tempeh didn't taste like actual beef. Honestly it tasted better than actual beef. And the best part about the burger was that I didn't feel over stuffed. I also tried the Pumpkin milkshake and that too was very tasty and light. 
I wish they had this chain here in Jersey. But until then I don't mind driving an hour for good vegan food.My husband and I were visiting Philly from LA for a conference. We grabbed a chicken club and curry tofu wrap for the airplane ride. Even though we ate it a couple hours later, the flavors were still on point! I'd love to check out Hip City Veg again in a situation when I had more time.It's tasty food, a bit heavy on the sauces for me though. But the fact that they call something Chick'N and don't tell you it's not real chicken meat is disappointing. Somewhere in a menu footnote it says everything is vegan but when u call something Chick'N u should let people know it's not chicken meat!Stupidly, insanely good vegan food. That is all. 
P.S. Had the Philly and Chicken Ranch sandwiches.Here in Philly on vacay from Miami... Decided to try it out and all I can say is AMAZING!!! The food was delicious! Highly recommend this spot!SO delicious and definitely worth it! the workers and customers were all super friendly and helpful! I got the crispy hipcity ranch sandwich, sweet potato fries and a iced green tea. everything was SO good! I will for sure be back to try some different things! also, if you're in the mood for a smoothie the groothie is AMAZING!!!I'm a meat eater and generally stay away from the fake meats.  I have had the cheese steak (which was great) and the chicken sandwich (which was good).  The Taco Arugula salad is tied for my favorite salad in the city (my other #1 is the beet salad at Beau Monde).  Im a big fan of the Udon Noodle salad.  If I'm feeling a little naughty Ill get the sweet potato fries.  Then there is the Groothie.  Mmmmm, the Groothie.  Its just so good.  When Im having a crappy day Ill go to Hip City for a Groothie.  It always seems to cheer me up.  The cheering up starts before I get my Groothie.  The folks who work there are amazing and always make me smile.  I'm not sure where they found these wonderful people, but I am glad to have them in my life.So I just left Philadelphia (I was there for work)..   first of all..   I only write reviews for EXTREMELY shitty or EXTREMELY impressive places...   I am a meat eater..  so I obviously went on a "Find the best steak sandwich in Philly" mission...  In a three week span, I hit Pat's, Geno's, Ishkabibble on South, Steve Prince of Steaks...    and finally a friend convinced me to try this place, even though there was no meat...  
*FANTASTIC*. When I am in Philadelphia, this will be my new go to place...   Great pricing, impressive quality, and I'm sure the health differences are equally impressive compared to the grease saturated monsters I had tried before finding HipCityVeg. 
Please don't change!
:)This is absolutely 100% vegan junk food. There are a few healthy options on the menu - but this is not what HipCityVeg is famous for. There really is nothing extraordinary about HipCityVeg but it has kind of become a pre-concert tradition for my vegan friends and myself when we are in the city - and it always hits the spot and fuels the night. For what it is, HipCityVeg is great. I will say it is ALWAYS packed and finding parking is always near impossible. But hey, that's Rittenhouse Square for youVery good, a lot of faux meat dishes on the menu. The crispy chicken ranch sandwich tasted exactly like the real thing! It was a little pricier than I thought as each entree menu item cost between $8-11. Overall great experience with the food and would definitely come again!So I just moved to Philly from Los Angeles. And I was worried about the food scene. Why, with so many great bars and restaurants? Well, I don't eat meat. And I grew up in a city of a few hundred thousand people in the northeast that STILL has no vegetarian, not to mention vegan, restaurants. So all the gushing about cheesesteaks and German food was a little lost on me, especially after living in a place where vegan restaurants were super common, including a local CHAIN of completely plant-based, fast-casual food.
So I was really excited when I discovered Hip City veg was around the corner from my office. However, their menu isn't very extensive. Would it live up to the vegan food I was used to? YES. Absolutely. I believe their menu only contains about a dozen food items (excluding smoothies) because, having been in to pick up a to-go order, it's a very small place. That's fine, they do their food well. 
The first time I went I walked over, ordered, and had my food in less than 10 minutes. I got the Crispy Hip City Ranch and a side of caesar salad. The salad was not that special. I've actually had better vegan caesar dressing and I thought the choice of adding jicama was an odd one. But the crispy plantains, which stood in for a cruton, or even crispy bacon, were delicious. The chicken ranch sandwich? AMAZING. The "chicken" had a super crispy batter, and was hot, and JUICY. I thought just veggies and ranch on top would be kind of blah, but their peppercorn ranch dressing was one of the best ranch dressings I've had.
After picking it up, I came back to my building to see a Hip City Veg delivery guy (on a bike) bringing food to another floor. So I tried delivery today. I called during the lunch rush and they said it would be an hour, but it only took 40 minutes. I tried the Ziggy burger, which is a soy patty, pickles, lettuce, tomato, onions and tempeh "bacon" with special sauce. It definitely satisfied my burger craving, without the guilt. :) I also tried the sweet potato fries. I was skeptical about the black bean cilantro sauce that they come with, but it was delicious. It was thin like a dressing, not like a black bean dip, and the black beans make it kind of creamy, while the cilantro adds a nice fresh flavor. Perfect with the sweet taste of the fries. 
I will definitely be getting lunch from here regularly!Didn't think it was as impressive as the pictures made it out to be. I ordered the the Buffalo Crispy Hipcity Ranch. Felt like it was only a step above Boca. Not bad but not worth $10. The restaurant is very small and cramped and the seating was obnoxious. The line was backed up out the door but they were very quick and efficient.The veggie burger tastes like it has a frozen Boca burger patty but with all of the other fixins it was just okay.  I would have liked some vegan cheese on the burger but it wasn't an option.  The sweet potato fries are pretty good, nice and crispy.
I'm not sure what their excuse is for not having a solid veggie burger given their whole thing is vegan food.  Most of their menu items seem like they are trying to produce vegan food that tastes like its not.  I enjoy vegan food from time to time and when I order it, its because I don't want meat so a trick chicken sandwhich or a burger that is trying to imitate ground beef isn't enticing.  
Also their green tea is sweetened - yuck.
Their salads sound good, but I doubt I'll be back.Delish!!!!! Every time we come we are not disappointed! We had the Crispy HipCity Ranch, the Fajita Wrap, & the fries with sriracha aioli. Soooooooo good! Wish you would come to North Jersey!Went back to HipCityVeg today for lunch. It was packed (weekday at 12:30pm) but they were quick to take orders and keep things moving. 
I just wanted to post on Yelp again to thank the manager (I believe) for such great service today. I ordered the udon noodle salad as I had read rave reviews. Unfortunately, the salad fell flat. It was tasteless and just bland. (My parents had the buffalo Bella and crispy HipCityVeg and both were so good! And sweet potato fries were soooo amazing - crispy on outside and soft on inside) 
I decided the udon salad wasn't worth eating, so I went up and asked if I could have something else instead. The manager honestly actually cared that I didn't enjoy my salad and BOTH replaced it with the philly steak (my choice) free of charge, but also remade the salad so I could give it a second try! He thought that perhaps the fake chicken hadn't been marinated well and the salad was light on the dressing. This second version was MUCH better - much more flavor. I think my first salad was missing the dressing. I still prefer the sandwiches and I think the salad was a bit oily (I know, you can't have it all!). However, that is just first class customer service and I applaud how the situation was handled. Thank you so much, can't wait to be back soon!I like this place because you can go with your non vegan friends and they won't be like ewww. I go here every single time I visit philly and it's definitely my go to if I have a sweet tooth or am missing the flavor of chicken!Omg!!!!! This place is going to get me in trouble.... In a good way. It's too good! I can't afford to eat there on a daily basis, buys its so close to work! I hope they stay open forever and ever!! There's one thing that'll give this place a whole five stars and it would be if they have more seating.The food is great - tons of healthy options ranging from salads, burgers, and wraps. I've tried the curried tofu wrap, the chickn burger with tempeh, and almost all their salads. Each meal takes a bit of time to prep, but leaves you feeling good about your meal, because you know exactly what went into your meal and the ingredients are fresh and healthy! It's a little on the $ side, but expected with most healthy options.
The winner here is the banana whip - it's basically frozen banana soft serve. Game changer. $4 for a huge bowl of soft serve and you can even add toppings like granola / chocolate chips etc., but it's really not needed. Guilt free dessert! 
Not a lot of seating inside so would recommend taking your food to the park if it's nice outside or getting it to go.GREAT FOOD!!! FRIENDLY SERVICE! Clean bathrooms!! Nice decor!! Only criticism is my food got cold before I reached my office only 4 blocks away.Everything here is amazing.  The vegan chocolate milk shake is soooo good and pretty much every sandwich I have had here was awesome.  Too bad it is so tiny.  Never enough room in the seating area and the chairs are so uncomfortable.  But I always sit in Rittenhouse when I eat here so it's fine.Just came back from HipCity Veg and I am hooked.  This small corner storefront just a stone's throw from Rittenhouse Square serves the lunchtime masses with, dare I say, excellent tasting Vegan sandwiches and salads.  After having many a friend recommend that I try this place, I finally decided to give it a shot.
I'll admit that the place seems gimmicky with its whole "everything is sustainable and earth friendly" pitch, but I appreciate that HipCity Veg puts just as much effort into its food as it does into creating its ambiance and aesthetic.  I decided to try the Crispy HipCity Ranch, which includes chick'n, LTO, pickles, and peppercorn ranch.  At first bite, I swore I was eating meat, and had to remind myself that everything I was putting my mouth was 100% vegan (even the dressing).  The sandwich was juicy, flavorful, and a good balance between the protein and supporting ingredients.  It was actually a very well proportioned and constructed sandwich, I probably could have eaten two of them.  I can't wait to try more of their menu items.
I also want to give them props on outstanding customer service.  I attempted to get my free Green Lemonade upon first Foursquare checkin, but the cashier accidentally charged me for it.  When they realized their mistake, they went the extra mile to make sure that I didn't get charged for the Lemonade and solved everything by the time my lunch was ready.  Kudos to them!
My only complaints are the storefront size and price.  This is definitely a take-out spot, as there are only a handful of seats inside (but when the weather's nice, you can easily head to Rittenhouse Square to eat al fresco).  It's also a bit pricey, and in the grand scale of things, why pay $8.50 for fake chicken when you can go to a food truck and get the real thing for less?  The $4 for fries though seems downright heinous.
But I think if anything, this place will change the way you think about vegan cuisine and its limitations, especially if you're convinced that vegan food is always super healthy.  These guys easily blow that notion right out of the water.  However, it's a shame that there aren't more places like this that exist in Philly, but if trend is any indication (especially with nearby Crisp and Maoz), hopefully there will be more gourmet vegan and vegetarian lunch options to come.  For now, I'm eagerly awaiting my next trip to HCV.If you are veggie, this is a Philly MUST! Had the cheesesteak and the Crispy HipCityRanch. The Ranch sandwich is a must. If you can only get one thing, get that. Very much like real chicken! Tons of fresh veggies. And the sauce is the bomb. Service is fast and friendly. They forgot about my boyfriend's shake, but apologized and gave us a free cupcake. Very good customer service - mistakes happen but doing nice things for customers more than makes up for it. Can't wait to visit again!I ordered the Hip City Ranch, supposedly their best seller, and it was not good at all. The sauce was off-putting and did not taste like ranch. The fake chicken wasn't flavored well either. I tried this place a few years back and didn't like what I had at the time but thought I'd give the restaurant another shot.  Not worth it.I had the crispy hip city ranch and it was life changing.Ziggy burger fabulous. Managers attitude sucks. Will not return due to her.I picked up lunch from here the other day. I ordered the burger. LOVEDDDD it. Can't wait to go back! It had a nice chew to the burger patty part and there was smoked tempeh on the burger. The tempeh was a little salty but overall, really great and filling. If you like your food extra sauce, ask for sauce on the side too! I couldn't finish the whole thing and had to save it for later because it was a massive burger. Def one of the better veggie burgers I've had! I'll probably head back within the next week to try something else new:)Five Guys, it is not.  4* because it's a vegan place that I willingly visited based on reviews alone, and state, whilst not under duress, that I would eat here again.  
That said, product called "Chick'n" will always creep me out.  I'm cool with tempeh because that's a product with a name not trying to copy something.  I'm even cool with seitan, and that's some real frankenfood shizzle.  But Chick'n, you're soy protein dammit, so come up with an original name, because there's just no way you taste like a perfectly-executed grilled chicken breast sandwich from, say Village Whiskey (see review).  
If I were to put my "burger" sandwich "meat" up against other veggie burgers, it'd score a solid "meh."  However, the bun, topping, & sauce combinations were really tasty, and if you put an all beef, well-seasoned, well-cooked patty in there, it'd probably be amazing.  
Comparing the best vegan patty to beef is like comparing your sled riding hill to Everest, or putting a vegan in a boxing ring with Tyson...it's just not a fair comparison.  If you're in the mood for vegan (??) by all means go here.  If you're a carnivore, don't expect this place to knock your socks off, but go into it with an open mind to see how the other half lives.I had the CRISPY HIPCITY RANCH  and my friend had the UDON NOODLE SALAD. Im not much of a salad person but it was good, but wow, my ranch sandwich was Amazing! I have never had anything taste so much like the real thing. This is the place to go if you want to satisfy the cravings from missing out on many favorite foods.  I cant wait to go back and try other items on the menu!I wish there was a time I went here that I didn't have to deal with a hellacious line that doesn't move. I love the salads and the beg cheesesteak is a solid option.I had a veggie burger with tempeh and it blew my mind. Though the patty wasn't anything to write home about the tempeh was delicious. The menu was great (not a thing on there I wouldn't order) and I look forward to going back to try everything on it. My only complaints are that it's tough to find a spot to sit and there's no bathroom to wash your hands.Chicken sandwich was decent, but nothing special, really. That's not a bad thing, it's just really similar to any other veg place you can find a fried chicken sandwich. Maybe I've just had way to many? If that's your thing, it's pretty good. I'd get it again if I were in the mood for it. Their banana whip started off good, but I could only get through maybe half - it was weirdly bitter.Nice variety and food was decent. Definitely needs extra sauce to wraps & sammies to jazz them up! Must try the vegan milkshakes though! All vegan foods, so will give them props.I bought dinner here last night, and man...all I can say is it's now one of my favorite veggie place in Philly. The hotel that I always stay at is around the corner from this vegetarian eatery, so it's very convenient. The restaurant is small though, so the tables are cramped and not great if you're with a group of friends. But I have to agree with most of the glowing reviews here, the food here is delicious, and reasonable too!  I will definitely be back. :-)The staff is friendly ans knowledgeable, which is always appreciated, since vegetarianism ans veganism are different things. I feel like they do offer variety within their menu, combining flavors from different ethnic foods into their sandwiches and salads. I honestly love anything that has chicken, from the City Ranch sanwich, to their soba salad. Their chocolate milkshake is also delicious!!The food was really good.....once I eventually got it. I docked 2 stars because the setup of the place was horrible and only half the staff seem to know what they're doing.
I ordered and paid, then waited 15 - 20 minutes. When my coworker and 3 or 4 people after me got their food and I hadn't, I squeezed my way to the pick-up area and asked. They had no ticket with my name and said they must have given it to someone else, and asked the cooks to make my sandwich. Another 5-10 minutes pass and nothing (I had no idea how long their food takes to cook since I'd never been). I ask again and they'd somehow forgotten it and made it. They were nice about it and refunded my money but I wasn't the only ticket that got lost in the time I was there so it seems like service could be improved.
One of the workers who was responsible for packing the orders multiple times put food in a bag with no ticket to identify who it belonged to. She also, multiple times, packaged up an order, stapled the ticket with the name on it, then set it aside without calling it out for the person to pick up.  
I might go back before lunch rush but we will see.When we visited the city and of course you have to eat everywhere you go. We ended up trying this place, not disappointed! I as a meat eater (wife is vegetarian) couldn't believe the flavor. There were actually two other people who I assumed was their first time there, the lady, after taking a bite, actually went to the counter just to make sure there was no meat in the burger. They assured her there wasn't. So, this place is best veggie burger place, hands down.Went here yesterday with high hopes but was rather disappointed. They boast about their entirely plant-based menu, but many of the items on their menu were actually just highly processed fake meat products! I opted for the tofu curry wrap, which was okay, but I felt like it was lacking flavor. They did have a few appealing  items on the menu that were actually plant based, such as delicious portobella sandwiches (I tried my friends'). The sweet potato fries were delicious, but overpriced at $4.50 for a small bag (think McDonald's kids meal size).
My experience here wasn't entirely unpleasant, but I don't think it would be worth it for someone who's not vegan or actually follows a plant-based diet to come here.Is it weird of me to say that I have been here on numerous occasions and know only 2 items on the menu?  I can't get enough of the Crispy Hipcity Ranch and Groothie!  For being a meat eater, this is the best non-chicken, chicken sandwich I've ever had!  It's crispy, nicely seasoned, and the texture looks like chicken!  It's wild!  Love the peppercorn ranch that goes with it.  The Groothie is delicious!  It tastes like fruit, and not artificial fruit flavors.  It's grass green color might dissuade you, but just close your eyes, it's good!  It's healthy, it's fast, it's tasty, it's great!I'm a first timer and was excited to stop in here for lunch today. The nuggets and sweet potato fries were overly greasy and soggy. I will not be back.Place was excellent. A little cramp'd but great. The employees were nice, polite and friendly which is rare these days. Food was excellent so was the green lemonade. I had the hipcity ranch "chicken" sandwich. Couldn't even tell it wasn't chicken. I will definitely be back. Worth the trip and the kinda high price.Buffalo Bella and sweet potato fries w/ black bean aioli are  my go to faves. Great place for a quick bite and the fact they they use eco friendly take out containers is the icing on the cake. Definitely are favorite spot, great customer service.I fell in love with the curry tofu wrap, mediteranean salad and the banana whips instantly. Many of the menu items seem a bit heavier than what I would typically eat which is why I don't venture to far across the menu items but, what I did have, I raved about and went back many times for.
I get a banana whip every day on my way home from the gym (obsessed!) and it would be great if they were made a little quicker since, it can become pretty cramped in there to wait. The free water with fresh citrus slices definitely helps ease the wait time.Try the fajita wrap!  It's the best thing on their menu.  Love it!  Not much seating but worth the wait.  Avoid the curry wrap unless you love the taste of mustard consuming all of your pores.  It's curry....errr or should be!  Why the mustard taste?AMAZING - even though I have only really tried the Ziggy Burger and Sweet Potato fries so I can't attest to much else, but the Ziggy is probably the best veggie burger I've ever had... I could drink the dipping sauce for the fries and I always top it off with a Banana Whip. 
Doubt I am within my WW points after but its soooooo worth it!This is by far the best vegetarian place I've been to. The food is delicious and the service is great. I would highly recommend the Bistro Bella.WOW! They completely nailed the Philly Cheese Steak, getting the taste, texture and even look of a greasy, gooey, yummy cheese steak without using steak or cheese (or that pasty melted vegan "cheese"). I guess they're using some kind of dressing instead, but it works.Enjoyed the Ziggy Burger, was awesome with the sweet Potato fries and sriracha dip, and my wife had Arugula salad and cilantro dressing. Smaller area, limited seating and no reservations. Service wasn't best at counter but food is great.I ordered a ziggy burger, and I have to say it is very good. My experience was pleasant and my burger was made fresh. I waited for about 5 minutes for them to make it, it's worth the wait for fresh food.Every single thing I have had from Hip City Veg is absolutely delicious. Their sweet potato fries are yummy. I have an obsession with their iced green tea (sweetened with agave). I've enjoyed the udon noodle salad, chick'n caesar salad, arugula taco salad. AMAZING. Always a bit crazy in the shop, but the queue moves fast and on a nice day you can take your food to Rittenhouse Square :)I've only been here once while visiting philly but it was so good! everything's vegan and I got a cake batter flavored shake and the udon noodle salad. udon noodle sad was great! the flavor is definitely there. but what really made my day was the shake. I literally think about the shake all the time. I'm a sucker for shakes but I'm not a fan of real milk / diary products and knowing that they have a vegan selection of shakes is great! I think the cake batter one may have been a seasonal thing but I'd definitely check this place out if you're looking for a wide selection of vegan foods. they have sandwiches and noodles and salads as well as fresh juices/smoothies and shakes! flavor is definitely there so it's great for vegans and non vegans alike!Great vegan fast food! I am not vegan and I love meat but this place has great meatless options that would make you forget you are even missing the burger or chicken! Their drinks are delish. My favorite are the sweet potato fries and dip! !This place is delicious and will for sure satisfy vegans & non vegans a like. Great for a meal on the run. I love the crispy chicken sandwich, kale lemonade, & the sweet potato fries. My husband loves the burger, & I know many who are very loyal to the soba salad. Def. worth a try.  Trust me you don't have to be vegetarian to love it! They also have a cool spot a few doors down Bar Bonbom that is Vegan mexican food that is super yummy too and has a great happy hour.In terms of location and what's available around Rittenhou$e HipCityVeg is great.  But relative to other green eateries-- there's better stuff out there. 
The GROOTHIE alone gets 5 stars...but in my experience everything else has been a little inconsistent.  Definitely a good place to stop by when grabbing healthy food on the go-- but I'm never pining for any of their menu items...other than that delicioussss groothie.Food was bomb! All 3 dishes I tried were good. 2 non-vegan's loved them all too.Aside from the tiny stools which are not nice to sit on when baby's got back, the food here is awesome.  Great addition to Philly.Have a different opinion about this place than most people it seems like. I was excited to try this place but only felt disappointed. I love how there's another vegetarian spot finally opened up around rittenhouse but was disappointed in my food!  I ordered the classic veg burger and found it to be tasteless and too saucy. This place is def a great for those looking for meat alternatives but def wouldn't say it's healthy as it appears and it isn't for me but would try a salad here maybe instead or one of the portabella burgers.
Updated review: while I'm not a fan of the burgers they serve still they have delicious excellent soups, the shakes they have are natural and devouring, and banana ice cream for the win! 
EditThis was my first visit and certainly won't be my last. I had the groothie which was very good, sweet potato fries and buffalo bella. The sweet potato fries were so good I began eating them on the way back to work and never got to dip them in the cilantro black bean dip! The buffalo bella was very tasty. I really liked the taste of the tomato and buffalo sauce.. everything was delicious. I can't wait to go back and try the philly steak. Ive been on a vegan diet for the past 2 weeks and am always eager to try new things.The arugula taco salad is awesome!  The regular veggie burger was mediocre at best and seemingly, extremely over-priced. The vanilla shake is good.  The steak sandwich looked GREAT.  
I had the "groothie" when they opened(tons of people on the street asked where I got it?).  Either I looked really healthy that day; or people think thick green smoothies look appetizing?  It's ok, but kinda sweet.  I'd order it again.  
If you want a detox drink or something super healthy go to pure fare(around the corner)or spend a fortune on a juicer and go to sue's ery' day.
I've also had the curry wrap, and was not into it (too much goin on and really heavy).
My main gripes are many of the items are way way over-priced(if not all), and there could be more options.
I love that you're Eco friendly and vegan.
Revision...chick'n ranch sandwich....I'm in LOVE.
Girl at the counter with the sleeve...meh.Went here for the first time a few days ago and holy smokes. When I took my first bite I literally stopped mid-chew to ask my friend to reassure me that everything on the menu was veggie. I ordered the Crispy Ranch "Chickn" Sandwich and the flavor was so good and strong that I thought I was eating real chicken. My friend that I came with is not vegetarian and he loved their version of the cheesesteak (of course I sneaked a bite and loved it as well!). This is definitely my new lunch go-to!Visiting Philadelphia for work and grabbed a lunch to go today.  The food was delicious and the staff were all so friendly.  Wish I could visit this store more often!Very good food period. It's very impressive. Definitely going back. Tried their cheesesteak and their crispy chicken ranch and their Cesar salad. All excellent.nothing short of awesome.  forgot i was in philly... totally feels like 300 sqft imported from NYC.  crispy chik'n ranch sandwich was HOT and CRISPY with fresh (cool) tomatoes & lettuce.  great contrast in a little sandwich.  mmmmm  happy vegan.Ziggy burger, sweet potato fries with black bean cilantro sauce were the BOMB! Great to take and eat at RittenhouseSo, I love this place. Like, love it....my favorite thing on their menu is the Fajita Wrap. I always think it's too big for me to finish but somehow I get it all in there! lol. I love the green smoothie's too. I never feel 'heavy' after I eat here either, even if I manage to eat a sandwich, salad, and smoothie; which I have to say is a big plus for me since I am typically headed back to my office after lunch there and I don't want to fall asleep at my desk. :) The only down side is that there aren't enough places to sit. In the spring/fall/summer months this is not an issue since the park is right there and it's an opportunity for a little picnic. I love being vegan and having a whole menu of healthy, tasty, food to choose from. Two thumbs up!If you want to pick up a sandwich and go sit in the park, here's your spot. The crispy chick'n ranch sandwich is the kind of Homer Simpson fast food vegetarians don't come across very often, although it's on a wheat bun and, you know, vegan, which mitigates the gross-out fried factor. I find it deeply satisfying in an inner-child-who-wants-to-go-to-McDonalds sort of way. When's the last time you saw ranch anything at a vegetarian restaurant??
I also tried a fajita wrap thing that was 1. a big drippy mess and 2. not especially tasty or different from any old fajita wrap thing you'd get at a non-veggie place. Maybe I will try another sandwich or udon someday but...fried! And ranch!Really really good food. Fast food ... but not too greasy etc. Highly recommend everyone's in a while I get a taste for the sweet potato fries in the Buffalo wrap ... could possibly be the best we potato fries and dip that I've ever tastedOMG!  First time eating vegan.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the Udon salad!!
A bit spicy but you will get used to it!  WOW!Udon salad is great. I have had a problem before with getting something stale and going all the way home so I couldn't correct it, but that only happened once. I do have a problem with the lack of bike parking and the lack of a bathroom but that's about it.I like this place a lot- good, healthy options, reasonably priced, and fills a much-needed void for healthy fast food in Rittenhouse Square. I like the consistency of the brand as well as the food.
I love when they have the little juices to try, although I never really like them, I consider it my workout for the day.I am never disappointed when I come here! The sweet potato fries are perfect with the chipotle dipping sauce! And the buffalo bella is so good! I had quite a few of their menu items and they were all good!!This place is great, if you didn't order ahead of time do expect a wait though.  
Ordered the udon noodle salad and sweet potato fries.  The salad was excellent with the bean sauce.  Great flavor and texture, felt very full and satisfied once finished.  Sweet potato fries were very good and nice touch to really fill me up.  
I'll most likely stop here regularly when in town.I have ordered take away from this establishment twice now since its opening day. Though the delivery time was perfectly adequate, the food on the other hand, was not. The Buffalo Bella sandwich was cold and did not live up to the savory and spicy qualities that the menu described. The sweet potato fries, which are normally my favorite side order item, were also cold and not cooked through. The arugula taco salad came in a small container and was about 90 percent arugula. I had such high hopes for the food and was severely disappointed. Saying this however, I am willing to sit in (rather than take away) and order the infamous Ziggy Burger, about which I have heard several raves. I feel as though Hip City deserves one more go around...The vegan ranch fake chicken burger is AMAZING.HipCityVeg is a great place for meat lovers to try something outside their comfort zone. I love meat, all kinds of meat, so I didn't think I'd be satisfied with an all veggie sandwich. Govinda's is good, but after eating their chicken cheesesteaks again and again, you'll realize that you're just eating bread (seitan) with bread (the bun or wrap) with a small helping of peppers. The focus is not on the seitan or soy meat but on all of the delicious, wonderful ingredients that are married to it. For fast (or speedy) food, this is really good. The Crispy HipCity Ranch is also delish. The Bella Bistro is a big portabella mushroom sandwich. Many vegetarians will claim that portabella mushrooms taste almost exactly like beef. It doesn't. It's good, but to call it beef would be insulting to both beef and mushrooms. The Bella Bistro is a nice, hearty sandwich filled with plenty of red onions and artichokes, a couple of slices of tomato (from possibly a small beefsteak tomato), arugala, and olive tampenade all in a big multi-grain roll. Be forewarned, your breath will stink of onions when you're done, but it's sooo good. The Fajita Wrap with its blackened soy chicken, peppers, onions, pico de gallo, and avocado is a little more forgiving. The use of intense flavors in both sandwiches masks the fact that you're not eating meat. The Buffalo Bella is another yummy. I find myself ordering the Philly Steak quite often these days because of its delicious mix of soy meat, mushrooms, and onions. The Jerk Caesar Salad is my only nonfave so far. There's too much salad compared to the protein portion. Give this place a try. The servers are friendly, which makes the wait in the occasionally long lines bearable. It's not exactly a sit-down place as there is limited seating, but on a warm, sunny day, I can think of few places around Rittenhouse Square that can provide you with a more satisfying sandwich that you can enjoy while sitting in the park people-watching. My only gripe is they took away the Kid's Steak from the kid's menu. Now I can't really introduce my little ones to the wonderful sandwiches here since they're not really sized appropriately for kids.I enjoy HipCityVeg. My favorites are the udon noodle salad and crispy chick'n. All the sandwiches/wraps are good (except I haven't tried the mushroom sandwiches) besides I am not crazy about the curry tofu wrap... this is coming from a curry-lover. It would be good with much less sauce and tofu and more vegetables.
I love their chocolate brownie! Also enjoyed the groothie highly. I like that they offer banana whip.
The service is quick and the staff is very friendly.The Udon Noodle Salad is fresh and delicious. Too much dressing but otherwise perfect. Peanuts are a great crunchy addition.Love love love this place even i am not a vegetarian!! My favorite dishes are tofu wrap with special spice and chicken sandwich!! They also have awesome smoothies which will bright your day!! I love green smoothie the most. This has already become my regularly visit lunch place if I go out with my coworkers!!I'm a really big fan of this place. They have some "rush" times that you wouldn't expect, so if you think you're going to pop in and out between 2 and 3 in the afternoon, prepare to wait at least 15-20 minutes for your food. Same goes for dinnertime, but that's to be expected. The Udon Noodle Bowl is seriously the perfect meal, even if you're not a vegetarian.  I still eat meat so I can usually tell the difference between fake meat and real meat, but the "chicken" in the Udon Bowl is actually WAY better than real chicken. And I EAT real chicken! The chicken nuggets I like too, even though you can tell they're made with oats or something. Pretty much everything here is great. My one complaint is how awkward I feel when I'm standing and waiting for food, just because it's so crowded and I feel like I'm in the way... but pretty much everyone who comes here is either nice or totally ignores you (Rittenhouse) so it's not really that bad. Way to go on the free water while you wait too, I like that. Definitely get dessert! The cupcakes are so rich and sweet that you have to save half for later. Oh and the forks and knives are compostable which I love.The person that took my order was nice and friendly. You know it's HIP when everyone inside looks like they just walked out of a hipster poster. I would def go back and try other stuff; the only downside is the inside of the place is too small, with barely any space to stand around and wait for your order.This place is amazing!
So yummy. deliciously perfect!
The curry tofu wrap was amazzzzzzzing so much goodness I can't contain. 
The chilly also smelled as if it dropped from heaven. My boy wanted sweet potato fries for the next 24 hours. 
4 stars because there is no place to sit! 
though at first I though tit was bit more expensive than other "fast food" once you consider the " local and organic whenever possible" and all the compostable stuff, its def. worth it.Very impressed! Fresh, accommodating to various dietary restrictions, and very tasty. Had corn chowder and a good salad. Not too cheap thoughI can't wait to experience the sweet potato fries at HipCityVeg again. We ordered the fries, the arugula salad, and the tempeh burger. The burger was fabulous, and definitely junk-foodie. It satisfied my hunger, and need for good hearty food. The salad was good, but I wished I could have had it tossed in that delicious dressing before I got to it. 
Next time I'm in Philly I will for sure be returning!The food was pretty good and lots of choices, although everything seemed fried or heavy on fat/protein/white bread and a little pricy for the serving sizes. I had the buffalo Bella and my friend had the cheesesteak. We both enjoyed them but were not blown away. After hearing so many good reviews, I also ordered the sweet potato fries and chocolate shake. The fries were fantastic, but sweet potato fries generally are-nothing special about them and the serving was tiny for the cost ( more than $4!). The shake has a taste and texture like thin cake batter-not bad, just really strange for a drink. Note: the restaurant is very small, much better for takeout than eating in, and there is no bathroom.As a vegetarian (aspiring vegan), I am so excited to have a place like this in my neck of the woods. I think Philly is finally warming up to the idea of vegan cuisine! The food is delicious (even to people that eat meat)! I'm waiting for the fall because their pumpkin cupcakes may be the best ones I've ever tried.
The only problem with this place is that its small, and its hard to find a place to sit! So outdoor seating would be an excellent addition!I have had many of the items on the menu, and every one was to die for with the exception of the bistro bella. The bella was really good but not life changing.  the sweet potato fries (which i usually HATE) are flawless. whats more is that i just ordered delivery and it was at my door within 20 minutes.Seriously great fast food, friendly service, and they deliver.
5 stars for the delicious Crispy HipCity Ranch chick'n sandwich, which is a solid value at $8.50. 
5 stars for the green lemonade.
4 stars for the interesting banana whip, which is a sort of whipped frozen banana. 
Well done y'all.I've been a vegetarian for a little over a year now, and I will say on my list of things I miss are: (1) hot dogs (2) fried chicken (3) cheese steaks.  I have yet to find a good hot dog to curb my cravings, but as for 2 and 3, hip city veg is the perfect solution.
I ordered the crispy chicken on my first visit and was shocked at how large it was.  Definitely 2 servings packed as 1.  The entire thing was amazing, and I topped it off with sweet potato fries with black bean dipping sauce.  A++.  Definitely a great fast food place for veggies and non-veggies alike!Amazing!! I had the Philly steak sandwich -  cannot believe it wasn't real meat. It was so delicious! I will definitely be back to try more things!I'm a little embarrassed by how frequently I come here for lunch.  It's my go-to.
I LURVE it.  The menu is not the cheapest, no - but the food is good, every time, and you cannot beat that.  
The place is packed, so get here early or much later after the lunch rush - but even if you do come during the crowds, they have simplified the ordering process, and once the kitchen is in its groove, the order turn around is never more than ten to at most, fifteen minutes. Don't stay to eat, get it to go.
Groothie is always a must.  The top hitters are the Udon noodle salad, the chopped med salad, hip city ranch, and either of the bella sandwiches.  I also really like the seasonal quinoa chili with a side ceasar (plantains! jicama!).
Everyone that works here is professional and friendly.  Ready with a smile despite the masses - and the kitchen always whips up the food just right.  Just be ready to fork out at least $14-15 for lunch with a beverage.If you are vegan and want fast food this is the place. Salads are awesome too. Make sure you have the crispy chicken sandwich!I got a ranch burger. It was really delicious and I guess I can understand why people pay 9$ for it! It'd be nice if there was a discounted meal if you got a burger, fries, drink ... I couldn't justify getting all three things especially considering that there was no way that I would be sitting down to eat since there was no room!I went to HipCityVeg a couple of weeks ago to take my mom to lunch.
I hadn't been to HipCityVeg yet, but had read reviews and I always found the menu appealing and fairly wide ranging.
My mom is wary of vegan/veggie places because it's not her demographic, but I digress.
Lunch was fantastic. I had the Curry Tofu Wrap and my mom got the Udon Noodle salad.
I look forward to going back the next time I'm in town. There's lots more on the menu I'd like to try. 
The people working there are friendly and helpful, too!I would give it 10 stars if Yelp allowed it.  I literally ordered 2 sandwiches, both for me. The Philly steak and the crispy chik'n buffalo ranch. I'm still fantasizing about both. God bless you, HCV.Ordered the Crispy HipCity Ranch buffalo style. It was pretty good.  The sweet potato fries were amazing. The staff looked miserable.Being a vegetarian and or vegan, this is a great place to dine. I came in yesterday, which was a beautiful day in Philadelphia! I got the jerk chicken salad, it was AMAZINGGGG and my friend had the ziggy burger, she loved it! We ate every single bite. The only flaw is there is very little seating.Well, I had been hearing about this wonderful little den of vegan goodness constantly since it opened and so.... I was on a birthday gift shopping mission and had somehow managed to not also buy me something along the way. Mad stalwart of me, I'd say. So, it occurred to me, as I was in the neighborhood, that yes I should indeed treat myself to a lil something from HipCityVeg; a tasty vegan reward meal was in order.
The space is small and seats were filled up, but with luck and what I like to call some, "friendly hoverin' " I was lucky enough to manage to snag a seat by the time that my name was called for my order- quickly, at that! I enjoyed the hell outta the Crispy HipCity Ranch: battered chick'n, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, and peppercorn ranch on a soft, wheat burger bun. The chick'n was hot and juicy with coating as absolutely so super crispy as could be. I don't know if I'll ever be able to try anything else on the menu after gettin down with that sandwich. Too good. You got me, sandwich.
Look at me, I'm no longer vegetarian, so I'll take a bite outta a bird, no problem. It's just that there are not so many true chicken sandwiches that I'll spend so much time hankerin for. I have to say, this chick'n was startlingly chickeny. And I've had some chick'n in my day... 
I appreciate the very friendly girls working at the counter. I appreciate a good vegan spot that provides fresh, quality food fast.... and I appreciate smugly slurping a Groothie (one goood green smoothie) on my way home, AS IF I didn't buy me some presents.I really love hip city...I am not a vegan but I easily could be if it meant eating here everyday. Love having healthy/fast options so close to home...and they deliver! Literally cured my hangover with that delivery veggie burger & green lemonade. 
I'm very interested to know the nutritional info, though. Fingers crossed its as good as I tell myself!Good fast service excellent food, holy cow vegan cheesesteak!! So good. Not a lot fun places to sit (4 in the whole place) but hell it's worth it!Came here while I was vacationing in Philly, they're a bit pricey but not insane. It was really nice that they had a staff member there to explain the menu to us and answer any questions we had while deciding what to order. I enjoyed the good oldies music that played for the entire duration of our stay, and noticed just about everyone working there seemed happy to be there!
My fiance got the philly steak and enjoyed it, I liked the cheese sauce they used on it. I got the udon noodle salad, I would have liked more noodles and less mock chicken, but still tasty overall. We went back before leaving to pick up a cupcake. Normally I'm not a fan of cupcakes because I hate the cake:frosting ratio and would prefer normal cake. However I'm still a fairly new vegan and was a huge cake-addict before. I was missing any kind of cake terribly and willing to shell out the money for a cupcake. It tasted exactly like regular cake, though I probably found it more delicious than it was because I've been so cake deprived.
I will add that the plant based plastic straws they use are kind of flimsy, mine cracked when I was playing with it, so just take care and don't play with the straw. I'd still gladly come back here if I was in Philly again.Great place ! A restaurant in which I can choose anything from the menu is rare. Most places I might have one or two options. The joy of bringing your family into a place and having a full menu to chose from is tops in my book.The food here was awesome. the staff was friendly and very helpful. we had the burrito, the philly steak, french fries and the crispy wrap. All of them were great but I loved the burrito the most, fresh tasty , great textures. They give you a ton of fries for the money. Four of us shared two orders of fries and there were still some left over. We stayed in town four days and ate here twice because we loved it so much the first visit.I'm a meat eater and I was blown away by the food here.
I'm pretty laid back when it comes to choosing places to eat, so I decided to find a place to suit my vegetarian friend. HipCityVeg was near the top of the list, conveniently located, and open later than lots of other places. Plus, they boast burgers. Sold.
This cute little shop seats about 18, and focuses mainly on vegetarian burgers/sandwiches or salads. There are also a few sweet items for dessert. The menu is relatively small, but perfect.
I ordered the Ziggy burger which consisted of smoked Tempeh (not too sure what that was..) and special sauce. It also had onions and what I believe was vegetarian bacon. The burger was served on a soft multigrain bun and was cooked perfectly. The tempeh was moist, the bacon added a little saltiness, and the sauce added a nice herbed flavor that made the whole thing harmoniously delicious. I scarfed that thing so fast, but not faster than my veggie friend who barely took a breath to talk to me while eating hers. 
Also: Those sweet potato fries!! How do they make them so well?! They tasted freshly cut, not frozen, fried to perfection, and salted just slightly. They were so simple yet so damn good. I wasn't even hungry anymore and I kept eating them! Ugh. I even talked to the people working there, raving about them. Lame, I know. They're served with a cilantro black-bean dip that I was mistakenly pouring on my burger, thinking that was what it was for. Oops. The dip goes perfectly with the fries; it's creamy, the cilantro adds a subtle fresh, herb flavor, but I couldn't really identify the black bean aspect of the sauce. Overall, great anyway. 
Lastly, I couldn't leave without a sweet treat, and the Five Dollar Shake was calling my name. They come in vanilla, chocolate, and orange creamsicle, but I opted for chocolate. It was a great decision, and I can honestly say, out of all the milkshakes I've have in my life (lots), I've never had one quite like this. I'm fairly certain there was no dairy in it, but rather a base of almond milk, since there was a nuttiness to the flavor. The drink tasted like a blended up chocolate cake, and I doubt there is any other place that hits this kind of flavor profile that HipCityVeg does with this shake. Get it. You will not regret it. 
Bonus points: Great, quick service and compostable packaging.I come here a couple times a week for lunch. It is a good option if you are looking for a quick and tasty meal.  The line moves quickly, the service is good. That said I do go here A LOT, I have experienced order mistakes every once in awhile, but you know no one is perfect and the girls that work here are nice. 
 I have had almost every item on the menu and I can say there are all good.
I only detract one star for the price, all the items are a bit expensive, it would be really great and it would probably make them most accessible to a larger customer base if they could  take a dollar, hell 50 cents off all of their menu items.  
A word to the wise: it seems some reviewers have mistaken eating vegan = eating healthy. This place does not serve "healthy" food, and I have never gotten the impression that they are trying to convince their customers what they are eating is healthy. Use your head if you are a eating a fried soy patty or fried portabello mushroom it definitely isn't going to be healthy.
 What they DO promote is that their food is fast, fresh, and environmentally sustainable. And that is correct.This place made me feel that it's ok if there is no non-vegetarian options in the menu
I've had the Fajita wrap, the ranch wrap and they were both on point... while my friends enjoy the burgers they have
I like the fact that it feels like you are still eating a decent meatty meal EVEN THOUGH its all vegetarian because their food isn't overloaded with veggies
Plus all their food wrapping, straws and even the cups are bio-degradrable
I also got their groothie which is a healthy smoothie which does not taste YUCKYIt's kinda expensive....and the cheesesteak was kinda greecey...but everything else is great! To be fair, the prices are high becasue they don't hold back on the protein. they are very generous with the tofu, chicken, etc. I had the $5 shake special and it is soooo worth the $5!!! It was thick and yummy just like the average non-vegan milkshake. And their chicken sandwich.....unreal!! I had to stop and remind myself that it was a vegan food place because the "chicken" tasted like it was really a non-vegan chicken paddy! Incredible! Lastly, their Muffins are so moist and delicious!! not like some that can get dry at times. I also love the Fajita Wrap! So flavorful! Deff go here!I'm not a vegan, I think I'm closer to being a carnivore.  I tried the philly steak and I have to say it was pretty good. I just didn't like the consistency of the steak, it was a little gooey.  I am going to try the ranch chicken sandwich the next time.  The other thing that was bomb was the kale lemonade.  Just as a heads up, the space is very small, I wouldn't suggest going in there to eat.  This is definitely more of a take-out place.Great place for a quick vegan lunch!  Everything was tasty and the prices were reasonable. 
We had:
Sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli--some of the best we have ever had
Philly Steak--delicious and filling, be prepared that it is messy
Fajita Wrap-at the counter I was asked if I wanted to add buffalo sauce so I did, however I would not recommend doing this as the spiciness overtakes the other flavors in the wrap.
Look forward to trying again!Overall pretty good food! I had the udon noodle salad, which was a good mix of noodles, greens, and a delicious dressing. I had the green smoothie too.  Obviously a great choice for vegetarians. Very little room to sit in and eat in the front, and bit too pricey for me. Glad I had a chance to try it, but I'm not sure if I'll go back because of the prices.The best Vegen restaurant I've been to.  My Dad's a vegan and I decided to try something new so I tagged along with him to HCV.  I had the Buffalo Bella and it was amazing.  It literally tasted like a Buffalo Burger.  Sooooo good!
Next time I'm in Philly I'll be going back!As a vegetarian, I never know what to expect in the way of options when I travel to a new city for work. Which is why I was so happy to find Hip City Veg while walking around the neighborhood where I was staying. I ordered the Curry Tofu Wrap and when I saw how large it was, my first thought was "well, I can't eat all of that," but of course it was too delicious to put down and I scarfed it up in a matter of minutes. 
Thank you Hip City Veg, for comforting me in a strange city! Now if only you could stock some Diet Blue Sky drinks...Soooo after hours of riding my bike around the city I decided to stop in & grab some lunch yesterday...great decision.  I elected to go with the "Fajita Wrap," HOLY MY PANTS GOT TIGHT!  Every single bite was delicious.  Hearty, filling, and everything I needed/wanted it to be.  Not only was it delicious, it was very well crafted.  Crafted so well that I was able to consume the entire thing without letting any of the wrap fall apart.  
  The staff was also super friendly. I look forward to going back to explore the rest of the menu.HipCityVeg may become my new addiction this summer.  They have everything from salads to wraps to sandwiches.  They make a killer $5 chocolate shake that could rival McDonald's any day of the week.  I had the jerk caesar "chicken" salad with jicama, plantains, and a creamy mustard dressing.  It had an interesting flavor and the meatless chicken strips were actually pretty tasty.  In my past experience, vegan meat is usually slimy, but that was not the case here.  I also tried the tofu curry wrap and was pleasantly surprised.  Their fresh-squeezed lemonade was amazing.  My only complaint?  Not enough seating and there didn't appear to be a bathroom.  There are about five tables inside and they don't have outdoor seating at this point.  Don't bank on being able to get seating.  Have a backup plan to eat in Rittenhouse Square.  Also, for a place that prides itself on being green, they use an awful lot of plastic packaging (compostable, but still).  Excited to get back here, though.My friend and I ordered food for lunch from Hip City Veg. We had to have lunch delivered by 12:00. My friend called to place the order and was told they would call her back. This was a lttile weird and we were nervous about it. but everything worked out perfectly. Our lunch was delivered a couple minutes before 12:00.   We shared everything because we both wanted to taste everything! 
The food was yummy! 
- the Jerk Caeser salad - yum! the chicken, the dressing - loved it!! 
- the Hip City Ranch sandwich - this was so good. One bite and I thought it was real chicken. the sandwich was really good,  jewish pickles, red onions and a good pepercorn ranch sauce! 
- the classic veggie burger - very good!  My friend, who is not a vegetarian fan at all, really liked this burger.  
The rolls for both sandwiches were not white bread, which happens to be my favorite bread! Yes, I do know how unhealthy white bread is!! these rolls were really good, not the typical hard, tastless rolls I think of when I think of healthy, good for you bread! 
  We only tried the kale lemonade because someone suggested it and it turned out to be surprisingly delicious! We would have been happier if we each had one of our own and didn't have to share it! 
Of course we had to try something sweet too.  I thought the cupcake was a bit crumbly but the taste was fabulous, the frosting was delicious! And then I tried the brownie and it was even better than the cupcake!!  
 I'm really glad we tried HCV and will absolutely go back again.  So many things on the menu look great!  And I want another Kale Lemonade soon!!One of my favorite spots in the city. Completely plant based and SO YUMMY! Definitely try out the Crispy HipCity Ranch sandwich and Jerk Caesar salad. Whatever your dietary preference might be, this place will not disappoint. Close to Rittenhouse Park too if you are ever in the mood for a picnic!HipCityVeg - How I love thee. I came in here tonight as it was cold and dark outside, pouring buckets of rain. I was greeted by a sunny smile and ask if I needed any help. I immediately ordered a Groothie (delicious green drink) and then the udon salad and a cupcake. Couldn't believe that the total for all of that was half of what I would pay at home (in LA.)
The reason I want to give HipCityVeg 10 stars - TEN stars - is for what happened after I walked out of the place with my food. My bag ripped half-way home through the pouring rain, dumping udon salad all over John F Kennedy Blvd. When I got back to my hotel 20 minutes later, I called HipCityVeg and told them what happened. They were SO SWEET AND ACCOMMODATING about my faux pas. Not only did they completely understand, but they offered to deliver me the food. The gal on the phone said "It might be 15 minutes, is that ok?" I was like, are you kidding me, that's 1/4 the time I usually wait for delivery. When the delivery came, I went to the lobby to pick it up and was met with another friendly smile and the comment that not too worry that I had no cash for tip, that my bag rip happens to us all. It made me feel better and a touch less guilty for making him ride his bike in the rain (yes, his bike! which I didn't realize is how he would deliver it.) I still feel pretty guilty, and I will forever be thankful to these guys. They rock!
P.S. The udon salad was awesome. And cupcake - sooo good!!Crispy HipCity Ranch burger + barbecue. Sweet potato fries + sriracha aioli. 
The food is fast. But it's far from fast food. 
Chick'n is my new favorite thing, especially when smothered in all of the special sauces. Amazing. Fresh. So much value for the price. And compostable packaging. A tree hugger's delight.HipCityVeg is such a nice find in the city! It was my first time there for lunch and I got the "chicken" fajita wrap and it was absolutely the most delicious thing I had that week! Can't wait to try moreSo I have relentlessly Googled vegetarian places to eat because the person I've been seeing is Vegetarian and also not originally from here. The reviews for this place were good so we decided to give it a whirl and I'm so happy we did! I got the Buffalo chicken sandwich and you honestly would never be able to tell it isn't real chicken. I would most likely eat there without my her. I also had an iced green tea (delish) and the sweet potato fries which were out of this world. 
I highly recommend going here if you're curious!Lunch for less than ten dollars and you can go eat in Rittenhouse Square.
I have had most of this. It is rare for me to be able to go somewhere and just be able to order straight off the menu without checking constantly for meat. The Udon noodle salad is fantastic and the Buffalo Chicken Portobello mushroom sandwich was a wonderful discovery for my friend who loves Buffalo flavor but is a vegetarian. It keeps getting more and more packed, so I believe there will be more of these opening up soon. But they're on it: they had a system for putting people's orders and their names on a post-it before you get up to the register.
Fresh, interesting flavors, and fake meats that look a *whole* lot like real meat and are well seasoned.
Banana wip=awesome.