This is an excellent option in Chinatown for reasonably priced Shabu Shabu (Hot Pot). They have just about every meat and vegetable choice you could hope for and a number of sea food options, as well. They have a fair number of tasty soups broths, too.
Service could be a bit better (a smile would be nice). That being said, I still highly recommend this restaurant.I love their food. Everything was delicious. The atmosphere was nice.  Everything looked clean, which is super important to me. Only down side is it is pretty pricey.Been here once. Good dinner experience. Nice food, clean environment., good location. Will be back.This was my first time having hot pot in a restaurant in the states. My family and I (6 people) went in there for hot pot because I was craving it and was too lazy to prepare it at home. First thing I noticed was the name, it's more of a Chinese style hot pot than it is shabu shabu, so it was kinda confusing. But I guess thats how most restaurants are in our country. 
We ordered 2 pots and they came with some lettuce, vermicelli, mushroom etc. The lettuce was kind of old and still had dirt on it, the other stuff was okay. Since it was our first time there and being seated by the entrance, we were wondering where the sauces were, no one had told us there was a sauce bar in the back and when we asked for sauce, the waitress' attitude made it seem like we should know they had a sauce bar. So I headed to the bar and it was open tubs of sauces, what a great selection i thought to myself, until i was little flies buzzing around it. When i got back to the table, the food was there, and again, little flies buzzing around our raw meat, in the middle of a cold winter night. So the flies couldn't have flew in from outside but were hatched inside the restaurant. Order portions were kind of small compared to the prices. The 6 of us ended up spending around $300 in total. 
I think if there weren't flies and the price was a little bit more reasonable, i would give them a 4 star.
Would i go back again? No. But if you're interested and flies on raw meat doesnt bother you, I'd say give it a try.I've had shabu shabu before, including at some of the excellent restaurants in Tokyo. I would say this place ranks up there with the best. 
The food is awesome (and cheap), service is excellent, and the atmosphere is great. The place is frequently busy so be prepared for a bit of a wait on a weekend night. It's BYOB for now but apparently they are working on a liquor license.Wonderful service! I took my boyfriend to philly for his birthday. After a long bus ride from the DC area (arrival delayed due to snow) we were s t a r v e d! I had never tried hot pot before, yet my boyfriend has had it many time before. He blindly chose this place just from walking by from seeing the $22.99 all you could do eat deal. Staff were very attentive to see if we needed more food, and consistently came by to replenished our soup bases (we went with Tom yum, hot and spicy, and pork base). I was complete noob to the experience but I am so glad I finally got to try it. We left extremely satisfied and I wish we had somewhere like this at home!This is a good place to have hotpot, this place full variety of food, vegetable, and meat.  You also can pick variety of soup base which is good for group of people with different taste budsThe price is great and portions are good. I love their beef, very tender. It is also byob for wine (but not beers). I thought they should mention it. They promptly filled up our broth which I appreciate. You can make your own sauces so that's a plus too. They have buffet option but I'd say you can get filled with regular menu for cheaper.Great food but quite spendy. The serving size is quite small. I love the pork belly. I ordered the tom yum soup but it wasn't spicy enough to be "tom yum". Don't forget to order the seafood ball combo and the veggie combo!Yay! I'm a fan of the lunch special that is!  We spent less than $20 for two on lunch on hotpot.  Yep, pretty much can't be beat.  We both ordered the Noodles with beef for $8.25.  I got the tom yum soup with udon and the husband opted for the hot & spicy with fish meat noodle.  From the looks of what came out I did not have high hopes of being full but there was enough meat and veggies, we left content.  The tom yum soup was very flavorful I could have finished the whole pot of soup.  I suppose what filled me up was the thickness of the udon.  The husband stated his hot & spicy was really not spicy.  The restaurant was clean, the staff was prompt, the sauce bar just had too much to look at.  I'm not sure if i would come back for the regular menu, everything just seems so pricey, I'm quite happy just coming here for lunch.It is fake little sheep！ Unbelievable！ I was tricked here. And this feels more expensive than the real one. Why people give 5 star？They never eat Chinese food before？
Yelp or this restaurant should avoid misleading people！Lunch special seemed good so there we went. 
Good: ingredients pretty good quality. Broth (pork bone) is SOLID. 
Bad: limited variety for starter plate: one veggie, single tofu, single mushroom, pile noodles, meat. 
Suggested fix: offer a large sized version with slightly more and broader variety - I can think of a lot of folks who would opt for that at lunch. 
I'll be back for dinner - this place has some promise but not exactly what I was looking for as a filling hot pot lunch spot...First shabu shabu place in philly, It's not the same shabu shabu as California but more like traditional chinese hot pot, Pretty good!Was really excited to see a hot pot place open but was totally disappointed after leaving it.  I hate to give places one star because it has to be totally horrible, like service, food, value, everything has to be horrible to get one star but I really couldn't find anything positive to take away from my dining experience here.  I understand it is a new place, so I'll give it some slack there but they brought out the wrong order to our table, the food took forever to come out when it's just raw, uncooked food and it shouldn't really take any time to put on a plate and bring out to the table, they messed up our bill and charged us extra for things we didn't even order, the portions were too small, and it was too expensive for what you get.  The broth wasn't anything special, the toppings/sauce station has nothing but regular sauces and nothing special either.  We spent over $50 for a table of 2, you can go to Jane G's in Center City and get all you can eat for $30 per person with way more food, way better food, way better environment, way better service.  So basically, I'd rather spend that extra $10 and get full and have better food and broth then leave hungry at Hippot.  Plus, they are trying to fool people that they are Little Sheep with their misleading logo.  I've eaten at Little Sheep and it is amazing, unfortunately, this is not...I came here with a group of people service was fast, food was good, big selection of food for hot pot. and sauce bar had everything you need. I would definitely  come back. Food taste fresh, cute interior, wasn't too loud in there.Da best~~~ very quick service! It's nice inside and the food is.... perfect..... they come and refill the pot when you didn't even call them. They're not stingy and they know how to satisfy their customers!!!本以为晚餐时间会排很长的队，不过去的时候还好，点菜上菜也很快...不过我们以为这是日式shabu shabu... 所以点单的时候纳闷儿了一小会...口味也不错，羊肉太新鲜了，气味好大，我只放了两片，就整得一锅都是羊肉味了，嘿嘿Good food. The hot and spicy soup is really hot. If you are unaccustomed to spicy food get the herbal soup for your hot pot . It's really good!!!!   Also they have boba tea!!!Excellent alternative for AYCE hot pot in Philly. Menu is varied with an assortment of meats and vegetables, some things here that are not at Nine Ting and vice versa. Broth is refilled regularly. Clean appearance. Tom yum flavor has a refreshing taste. A few items were missed in our orders on several occasions, but you can always reorder.Average at best...
As per most Hot Pot spots sauce bar is the win... We didn't get some of the things we ordered, and got some things we didn't... Staff didn't really check in and we needed to ask for additional place settings  few times (wasn't overly crowded.)
From top to bottom Hippot was not a memorable experience.The food was delicious! But the experience is what makes this a 5 star place. Very interactive, from a "make your own sauce" bar, to the cooking of your own veggies/meats, the entire meal is well worth the trip. Would definitely recommend. Cheap beers are a plus!It's my second time coming to this place and I truly love this place. First time I came here was with a friend and we got the half/half soup and chose the herbal pork soup and hot and spicy soup. The spicy soup is indeed super spicy. I had to mix both soups and even doing that didn't do justice for my mouth. Anyway. Aside from the spice, they offered a selection of meats and veggies. We got the chicken which was so thinly sliced that it literally cooked in less than a min. We also got potato noodles with fish tofu , needle mushrooms and some meat balls. They also offer a variety of sauces from their sauce bar. 
My second time was with my bf. We got the Tom yum soup with fish tofu, shrimps, needle mushroom, vermicelli noodles, chicken and salmon.
The place has a modern feel and upbeat music playing in the back ground. The service is wonderful. When your soup starts to evaporate the server will come around and add more soup. 
Each visit is always ends with a happy stomach. I would definitely keep coming hereFun! We had the choice that let you have 3 different types of broth. The only issue I had was that they give you so much of the additions that you can't try a bunch of different things. For example, they gave us enough spinach to made 3 large salads so it got boring after a while - we didn't finish the spinach and I felt bad to waste it. Also the service was not friendly but you could interpret that as part of the experience.The hotpot here is pretty good. I don't have a lot to compare it to, but I have always been full and happy after a meal here. I always get the thinly sliced beef and lamb, as those work very well with hotpot. I love the dipping sauce bar where you can concoct any sort of sauce that you like. I tend to go with a sesame based sauce with some soy sauce and spicy oil. They have several hot pot broth flavors and let you get multiple kinds. The spicy can be a bit much on its own, so i would recommend pairing it with a milder broth to give you something to mix it up and its a nice change of pace, especially if you dont want to overpower your seafood or milder flavors with szechuan peppercorns.The service at the place is ABSURD, I took my mom and her best friend out for mothers day here, I am recently 2 weeks out from bariatric surgery and ask if they could charge me a childs buffett per card I was given from my Dr. They said no and said the only option was for me to sit at a different table BY MYSELF. (Ridiculous) to eat from the other menu.We decided to still stay and order. They didnt bring some of the items we had ordered and when more of something was requested one of the waiters came with a piece of paper saying that there was a 2 hour seating maximum and 20 percent surcharge for wasted food. We had only been there for no more than 1 hour. We where NOT wasting food and who does that in the middle of someones meal!!? If true should have been adressed after a meal. I immedietly said something and one of the waiters apologized. I would not ever come here again or recommend this place to anyone! The food was basic and nothing to rave over especially with other hot pot spots in the area!My best friend and I had a pleasant first shabu shabu experience here! We braved the pouring rain and decided to try out this new place and it was definitely worth it. We ordered the half/half pot with the hot & spicy and tom yum broth. The hot & spicy was indeed spicy, so brace yourself. Both broths were very tasteful and flavorful! We ordered the beef, pork, vegetable combo and shanghai noodle plates. It was definitely A LOT of food for 2 girls, but it was so good that we finished everything! 
The service was really attentive and they were quick to refill your hotpots when it was getting low. Our waitress was really friendly and helpful in explaining the whole process for us since it was our first time. This place is kind of on the more expensive side as I've heard of cheaper places elsewhere. Hippot is definitely a good place to enjoy a great amount of food with a large group!super good hot pot。the variety of broth is great. Veggies are fresh with a huge portion. Highly recommend this place.I really love this place and it is becoming the best hotpot restaurant in Chinatown and even in the whole Philadelphia area.I don't know.. It was great to try Chines style shabu shabu, but because I'm so used to Korean and Japanese shabu shabu, I couldn't handle those ingredients floating on the stocks. In addition, there were so many herbs and very strong seeds really disturbed my taste. 
Unless my friends suggests this place for dinner and meetup, I won't suggest this place to any body..My first Shabu Shabu!  The All You Can Eat 
Buffet offered the best price and allowed us to try a great selection.  They give you a sheet of paper to fill out with your choices of broth, vegs, fish, chicken, seafood, meat, etc...which they bring to the table.  You pick your own sauces from a nice selection at the sauce bar.  Along with the menu, which has useful pictures , the server was very helpful with our selections!  He recommended the triple hot pot which allowed us to enjoy 3 different broths...if you don't want to share you can select a single broth.  Be warned, the spicy is spicy...my husband loved it! The staff was very attentive...constantly refilling our water & broth.  Yummy!  We definitely will be back!The food is decent. One of the waitress made me disappointed at all!!! She is working with attitude...why? The other waitress are pretty friendly....but she is really impatient....unfortunately I don't remmber her name and don't think it is appropriate to publish her name here....We were VERY intimidated after we received our food... we had never been to a Shabu Shabu restaurant (only ever tried it at home where we make our own rules), and when our food came out, it looked nothing like the other tables.  Every other table had a big pot of broth in the middle, and ours came out as one tiny bowl placed in front of me.
We tried to ask the waitress why ours was different, but she was a) impossible to get a hold of and b) confused by our confusion.  We eventually just ordered a second tiny bowl of broth and we ate separate meals.
It was delicious food... it was just intimidating when we didn't understand the menu or options.Great food for a winter night, and hands down best music playlist in the background!The best hotpot I've had in the U.S. The broth is so good. And the environment is great without smells. Nice service and waiters. Good collection of Chinese pop music. We spent $86 for a full meal for 3 ppl. Even though it was a bit expensive, totally worth the experience. We ordered a lot and had a great time. Will definitely go whenever I'm in Philly!Both the food and service was great! It is a very lively experience! There are lots of different sauce, soup, and meat options! Will def be coming back soon :)This place is great
If you don't think his is the best shabu shabu restaurant in Pennsylvania I will fight you
That's no lieOverall, it was a pleasant experience.
We came for all you can eat because we were very hungry from skiing all day. As soon as we sat down, they gave us complimentary seaweed salad and peanuts on the house- huge plus to tie us over while we were trying to figure out what to get.
We got Pork bone soup which was really great and tom yum soup that was interesting. Service was good as well- we didn't have to try hard to catch their attention and we are pretty high maintenance customers. One down side was that the selections weren't as many as some other hot pots I've been to and blue live crab wasn't available which we really wanted even though it was listed on the menu. Other than that, overall good good and service.I ordered bunch of foods and the fish here is just amazing. The portion here is huge compared to other hot pot restaurants I've been to. Highly recommend it!Lunch specials are awesome. I got pork bone soup which was quite nice. I ordered lamb and udon noodles for my lunch. The lamb is less fatty compared to beef and the udon noodles are alright. The place is modern and has a great vibe to it. I would recommend this place for large or small groups.First time here and I wasn't too impressed. Everything was just ok for me. I rather have hot pot at my moms house. It was pretty pricey. When I went the credit card machine was down and they did not tell me when I came in. Luckily, I had cash on me. 
What I did enjoy was the sauce bar. They had a lot to choose from. The server was very attentive and she always came to refill our hot pot.This place does not like it if you come by yourself. I noticed the people around me was given small plates with appetizers such as edamame and other items. I wanted something warm after being in the snow all day so I thought this will be perfect but I was on business travel by myself. The waitress wanted me to order more food than I can eat. I felt like the waiters were short with me and I felt like they wanted group business more than a single customer. The experience and customer service wasn't the best. I don't think I will be visiting again.This is my first time doing dine-out hot pot.  This is something I usually do at home with my family.  Hot pot with too many people can become very expensive due to the amount of extra items you order.  
I decided to give this place a try with my friend.  We did the single serve shabu (spicy broth) which was a good deal (12.95), it came with a plate of meat of your choice (pork, chicken, beef) and a bowl of vegetables (corn, cabbage, mushroom, some vermicelli).  We also ordered sides of tofu (very smooth), udon noodles, vermicelli.  
The spicy broth:  it was seriously spicy, almost lacked flavor because I couldn't taste anything but spice.  I can tolerate spice, but at least have some flavor other than HOT!!!!!!  There was some beads in the broth where if you unfortunately took a bite of it will immediately ruin your taste buds. My friend and I unfortunately took a bite of it and really was the worst taste ever experienced.   I'm not sure why they're in there, but certainly didn't give the broth anymore flavor than what it was lacking already.  
The sauce bar: there were a huge variety of sauces, but I would recommend the restaurant to get plates with multiple wells because it's an inconvenience to walk back and forth if you want more than 2 types of sauce.
Overall, hot pot is a unique type of dining.After most of Chinatown's dim sum places had lines out the door and weren't able to accommodate our large party, we ended up at Hippot and were immediately seated. Yay for large tables! 2 large pots of broth for 11 people was more than enough, and we shared a variety of balls (crab, squid, beef, and shrimp), chicken, vegetables, and tofu.
Hot pot here is comparable to most hot pot restaurants I've been to, so nothing really exciting there. The herbal pork broth we tried wasn't too flavorful, but this wasn't an issue with Hippot's excellent sauce bar. I only wish that they had some sort of tray to put your sauces on, rather than just plain bowls; you couldn't really try more than 1 or 2 in a trip.
One issue we had was cross contamination for a vegetarian in our party; she ordered an individual pot of tomato broth, and was assured that it was vegetarian. However, she had a lot of stomach issues later in the day, which makes me think that perhaps there was a meat-based broth in her pot. Just be careful. We also had a small issue with our check- we ordered the "ball combo," which lets you try 4 different balls, but they ended up charging us the full price for each type of ball. They were delicious and we ate them all anyways, so we didn't say anything.
Overall, decent hot pot spot in Philadelphia.As a group of 5 on a Friday night, we were seated quickly. The host handed us a menu and walked away without a word. Having done hotpot before, we filled out our order form quickly and then sat for over 20 minutes while we waited for any of the 5 or 6 waitstaff to take our orders. They congregated on either side of the restaurant and stared at the customers or talked amongst themselves, but didn't once come over to our table. Others who came after us were waited on and had their drinks AND meal before we even spoke to another server. We were just about to get up and leave, when one of us decided in a last ditch attempt to flag a server down as he was walking by. His reply  when we asked to place our order was to simply say "okay." 
After they took our order, the food came quickly and was fresh. The broths we ordered (bone broth and pork herbal broth) were a little bland, but improved with the sauces from the sauce bar.
The beverages were tasty and well-made. 
In summary, service was poor, food was average. There are far tastier and friendlier options for hot pot in and around Philly.Great restaurant with true and tasty Chinese hotpot! The price is okay. My friend and I love it! I will come again!Love the place, they're very accommodating for large groups of 10 and more. Delicious food and very affordable.$9 delicious lunch style hot pot?! Are you kidding me! I'd be here at least once a week if I worked/lived in Philly. So damn greatI love hotpot and I come very often with my boyfriend. I always go for the pork herbal broth and my boyfriend love the tum yum broth. Its a great place to eat with a group, especially during the cold season, its a great way to keep warm.This place is fabulous. I highly recommend it. 
You sit at a table that has almost unnoticeable burners set in it, a large one in the center and four small ones near each place setting. A large pot of broth is placed in the center and that is followed by trays of the freshest things, greens, tofu, mushrooms, etc. I ordered beef, and paper thin sliced raw beef was on the tray. You can cook things right on your table in front of you. There is a sauce bar with at least a dozen sauces like soy, sesame, hot chili oil, sriracha ... and also fresh cilantro, green onions, sprouts, etc.
The decor is very modern and sophisticated with dark polished surfaces in pewter grey and anthracite black. 
The service was friendly and attentive. The portions are generous, I had to pack up the food I couldn't finish and enjoy it the next day.
This is an adventure in eating. Forget  "Egg Foo Young" or "Shrimp In Lobster Sauce" or "General Tso's Chicken." This fresh authentic Chinese, not something laden with corn starch.I have been to my fair share of hot pot restaurants in various cities and I often do hot pot at home. Therefore, I feel that I am comfortable rating this specific restaurant. 
Pros:
-many soup choices, but the bone soup is fantastic
-many items to choose for your hot pot with a good amount on each plate
-food was fresh tasting
-sauce bar to mix your own sauces!
-attentive and friendly servers
-you'll very likely spend less money than at an all-you-can eat hot pot place
-relatively clean restaurant
Cons:
-looks as though an unlicensed contractor built some of the place (like many Chinese restaurants) so I'm not sure how long the "box" on one side of the restaurant will last. It's already drooping. I would ask to sit on the other side.
-bathroom smelled
Overall: great, fresh food, fantastic bone soup (what you really pay for at a hot pot place), and a comfortable (slightly hip) atmosphere with mid-range prices
Suggestion to start with: bone soup, beef, Fuzhou fish balls, chrysanthemum, frozen tofu, noodlesI am a virgin hot pot kind of gal..hot pot, pot shot, hot spot..it was a very foreign term to me but luckily the crew at the restaurant made an enthusiast  out of me and my husband!  
This review is for the newbies:
1.  They have booze, drink before you order so you can blame your 100 questions on the alcohol and the fact that the menu looks like a foreign language.
2.  Ask questions.  They are very eager to help and explain the menu and help you navigate through the not so exhausting hot pot menu options.
3.  When you do order, instead of ordering vegetables individually, there is an option to order like 4 popular veggies in 1 group..I would suggest doing that because it is way cheaper.  Also use the sauce station..it bumped up the taste of my hot pot from pretty good to bazinga!!!
4.  I would definitely take a first date there ..it's different and gives you something to talk about other than the Pope!Nice hot pop at Chinatown. Love the beef and lamb. Shrimp was fresh. We definitely will come back.I am no hot pot expert, as I've only been to a couple different places so far. However, I will say that Hippot was my least favorite of the two and here's why...
Let's start with the good - The decor is pretty cool. It's much more hip than a lot of the little places in China Town which really makes you feel like you're on "a night out" rather than my typical "I don't feel like cooking or getting dressed up, let's walk to China town". The broth here was much more flavorful than the other location I've been to. It's basically a soup already. I thought it added a lot to the flavor of the meats and veggies cooked in it. Sadly, when they add more liquid to your broth, they're only adding hot water, so even though you're enhancing the flavor with what you're cooking in it, it'll get watered down once they refill it.
I thought the selection of veggies that came with each broth pot here was lacking in both variety/volume and freshness. At Simply Shabu, I couldn't wait to throw all the beautiful different veggies in and scarf them down. Here, I was less than inspired.
The meats were pretty standard. We got a seafood platter, though, and no one who worked there could tell us what one or two of the items were on it. Luckily I came with a pretty adventurous group.
It's not BYO, but beers were fairly cheap around $3 per bottle.Super duper awesome food here!!!! Just taste the same like the hotspot in China!!! A lot of people waiting here for the food, definitely worth it!!! 
The price is cheap enough and you can have as many food as you want!!!
Worth a try!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great place for all you can eat hotpot for only $ 22.90. The service is good since the staff are very attentive and ready to help. I would recommend this place to anyone.Just in town for one night, on my own.  Hippot was great!  Price is reasonable, given the quality of beef they serve.  The restaurant wasn't too crowded and service was good.  They don't rush while you're eating, and they freely offer you more ingredients.  The peanuts and seaweed salad appetizer is a nice touch.
I enjoyed the all you can eat buffet with my own small hot pot.  They have a decent selection of veggies, mushrooms, lotus roots, bean curd sticks, and a large variety of "meat/fish balls".  It was helpful to have pictures on their main menu when selecting the items I wanted to try.
They have a sauce bar with a lot of ingredients to customize your own dipping sauce.  I liked the hoisin, sesame, and peanut combination.  You can spice it up if you like, but I like to taste the variety of food flavors with just a little sauce to change things up.Everything fresh and good definitely a five star place. Great environment , hot pot was so delicious and the pancake too!All you can eat was great.  Tom Yum soup base was delicious.  Servers were helpful for the first timers at Shabu Shabu!  We will be back.I tried out Hippot Shabu Shabu recently and I must say, I was better off going somewhere else of making my own. I did like the wide selection that they had but I was not a fan of how they prepped it. I found a lot of the vegetables to still be not cleaned thoroughly. I was feeling a little under the weather after the meal settled in.My experience here actually took place last summer, but I just remembered it. My girlfriend and I were spending a day in Chinatown and we wanted to get something to eat. We'd never tried anything like this; there are no restaurants of this type in Reading. We didn't realize this was a place where all of the options are cooked yourself at the table. But that was interesting. We chose something wayyy too spicy but the manager was awesome and let us each choose something else. Fast service, nice ambience, cool experience.Very good broth and fresh ingredients 
Would have liked a description of what was included in the Sabu pot.
Wait staff was friendly- this is authentic cuisine and a good price point.Pretty decent buffet restaurant, you can get unlimited amount food, as long as u fish them .I was a little worried coming here because of some of the reviews, but this was actually pretty solid experience. I couldn't care less whether they have a similar logo as a chain in NYC, but some of the reviews mentioned a greasy broth and I didn't know what that might mean. 
The soup base here is awesome! It's rich and flavorful and full of seasonings the way hot pot (Shabu) should be. 
As a bonus, the decor is modern and hip, and they're all decked out for Halloween.
We spent $1 more than we did at Simply Shabu for two people, for about the same amount of food. I liked both places but definitely would come back here and bring friends.Missing hot pot for a long time! Finally!!! Order three different pots at one time! Great! If pass philiy next time, i will come again*~*hahahahahahgood broth and meat and affordable. I'd come here again with my date. Best place to listen to korean music and pop a bottle of wine.great place. Recently just added dry hotpot. Hotpot could be very spicy so be careful. Buffet price is very understanding and for 2 hours max. Def will come here againThis place provides a variety of amazing food and their workers are very nice and everything comes out perfectlyGreat food!!! Good quality!!! And great price!!! There is a lot of space so by g parties are welcome! There is a huge selection of sauces and a large menu of veggies and meatsWe had hot pot for Chinese New Year! We loved it! And a lion came in to dance in the restaurant. That was a big surprise for us! Food was amazing!So supposedly, the Chinese letters and their logo is recognized as "Little Sheep" which is a popular hot pot chain up in New Jersey, New York and etc. But why is it also called Hippot Shabu Shabu? If it were the actual place, you could of saved yourself some trouble and named it Little Sheep. Obviously, this is NOT the real thing so don't let them fool you into thinking they are legit! This restaurant isn't even owned by the actual Little Sheep company so you're better off traveling the distance and trying the real thing. Went here on a Friday night, and the service was really slow. When we first sat down, no one even greeted us or gave us our menus or water until we had to waved down a waitress. They even forgot some of our items and drinks which took forever to come out. The broths were not appealing at all due to the amount of ingredients they put inside for flavor, pretty annoying having to take everything out that came along with it. It was just way too much than what was needed. Also, a little bit on the bland side, the spicy broth was not spicy at all. Had a really bad stomachache after eating here, won't be coming back again! Doesn't even deserve a star but that's the lowest I can give.. :(For my first time doing hot pot this place is fun and the staff was helpful considering that I didn't know what I was doing. I was told to check out the sauce bar, but didn't get the chance to, but defiantly will next time.Not worth your time or money unless you are Chinese, as in born and raised there.  
We came for hot pot or shabu shabu, which is a big hot bowl of boiling broth into which you drop various veggies and noodles, and then you dip in raw, thinly sliced meat, cook it briefly, dip it in sauce, and down the hatch.  After the meat is all gone you drink the broth with the noodles.  
Simple, a fun group meal, and pretty hard to screw up if you get 3 things right
1 flavorful broth 
2 quality and varied meats
3 fresh veg.  
I first had shabu shabu in Japan probably 20 years ago, and as you might expect, the ingredients were top quality, presentation was flawless, and the meal was excellent.  I have sought good shabu or hot pot since then, and have found good places in Boston and New York.  Shabu and hot pot are almost interchangeable, with the Chinese/Mongolian version of "hot pot" offering more items to toss into the broth, and that is what I assume this place serves, since it is in Chinatown and the staff and most of the diners were Chinese.  
And if you are Chinese this place is probably fine, and I say that with no disrespect, but I have been in china recently and the food quality is quite poor.  So if that's what you are used to, this place is probably ok. 
However, if you have had the Japanese version or if you ever go for higher end beef than Pat's steaks, the meat quality here will not impress. The "steak" option was simply the worst cut of beef I have ever seen. Imagine a slice of steak about 2x7 inches (thin as appropriate), with about only 1/4 inch of red along each edge and the rest of the width fat.  That ain't steak. It's not even beef bacon.  It's leftover scraps from some butcher shop that humans should never see.  You would not even suffer that indignity on a low end cheesesteak, yet we got 2 full platters of it.  
The sliced pork was better, but all in all, most of this meat was low grade.  Most hot pot places I have been to offer ribeye and other quality cuts. Plus short rib.  Not here.  
The pork broth, a critical part of a meal, was clear as water and flavorless.  The after party is drinking the broth with the noodles.  Which by then has enjoyed the subtle enhancement of lots of meat essence from the cooking, but not the case here.  I had a couple sips and put it aside.  When I make this at home I use beef stock and lots of mushrooms and cook it down until it's super umami flavorful.  
Veggies were scarce on the menu.  This might be a Chinese thing but Japanese shabu comes with bok choi and other greens to round out all the protein consumption, and cabbage was really the only "green" offered here, and it gives a sour taste to the broth.  
Conclusion.  If you are Chinese, and by that I mean you grew up there and that's the food you are used to, this place is probably ok.  If you are like me and have either had the Japanese version or a better quality Chinese version (catering to American tastes), you will find the meal unenjoyable, in my opinion.  I was shocked how low quality the "steak" was.  A long white strip of fat with two thin red edges.  Two plates full.  
Service was indifferent.  Not great not terrible.  
The "sauce bar" was a great idea. About 20 different ingredients available so you can make your own dipping sauce.  And a few recipes on a chalkboard.  Unfortunately no ginger, which would have been a nice and classic ingredient.  Especially with soy.  I thought ginger was in Chinese cuisine.  Anyway I would have liked to have seen that as a sauce ingredient.   
I will continue my search for good shabu in Philly.  Won't return here.  And if you like this place I can assure you that with some effort you can do better.  And it will knock your socks off if done right.Around 12.95 for an individual hot pot, I think it's around 23 if you share and get the bigger one. I got the spicy broth, it was pretty spicy which was what I wanted but if you think it's light spicy, think again. So I got the spicy individual broth with beef, it came with a basket of vegetables (thin noodles , an egg,  mushrooms, veggies, and cabbage). The amount of food was satisfying but I wasn't full by any means (then again I do eat a lot). You can make your own sauce in the sauce station (there was bucket labelled MSG...not sure if serious or not). I like to put the egg in my sauce and mix it. I also ordered the pork balls (came with 6). Overall it was pretty good but  I think it'd be cheaper to hot pot at home. If you can't hot pot at home I'd come here. 
Make a reservation- Line is LONG on weekends, you might end up waiting over an hour if you don't make a reservation. Service is friendly!I don't usually give 5 stars (was really debating between 4 and 5) but in the end, this place deserves it. We came here to all you can eat hot pot for $21.99, which is an amazing deal given how fresh the food was. We got the triple flavored soup base - tomato soup, pork bone soup, and hot/spicy. My fiance liked the tomato soup best, and I liked the pork bone some. Neither of us cared much for the hot/spicy soup base, bit it was because the other soup bases and the dipping sauces were so good! I really liked that their sauce corner has a lot of different sauces, but they also give suggestions so you don't make a sauce that's too crazy...My fiance tried to get creative, and he created a flavor that really didn't go well together. All their suggestions ended tasting great. I particularly liked their BBQ and garlic combination. Food was extremely fresh, and service was great. We were well attended to, and our subsequent orders came out really fast. Our servers also refilled our soup very often. Would definitely be coming back. Even though we were so full, I craved it the very next day! I hope their all you can see at deal sticks around! Only complaint I have would be that the seaweed salad they serve at the beginning cannot get refilled, but on the other hand, I'm glad they serve it!The hot pot here was fantastic and on a Tuesday night the place was pretty packed.  The restaurant is getting a liquor license but as of last week they were still BYOB. The service was extremely friendly, but our waitress did forget a few of our items and a lot of the things took a long time to come out, which is interesting since everything just comes out raw on a plate and you just cook it in the broth.
I tried the spicy broth which was delicious and flavorful.  The tofu skin and the pork were my favorites as were the dumplings (referred to as "balls" on the menu).  I also loved the buffet of dipping sauces with a wide range of options to satisfy my spice craving, such as pickled jalapenos to chili garlic.  Despite the slow service, I will definitely be back here again.This new shabu shabu place opened up in Chinatown so I visited this location on a Friday night, around 5-6pm. We walked in without a reservation, but we were quickly seated. We ordered the half/half hot pot with a spicy and herbal broth. The broths were a bit bland for us. But then again, the whole point is that you're supposed to cook your meats and vegetables in the broths, which will in turn, flavor the broth.  The wait staff mostly assumed that all of their customers spoke Chinese until you made it apparent that you couldn't understand them. The waitresses were really friendly, the waiters, on the other hand, were not so pleasant. The sauce bar is a cool idea, though it's located far in the back where most customers were unaware of it. I recommend coming to restaurant with a group of 4+, so you don't waste unoccupied space and make reservations, esp if you plan on having dinner here. As always, because its shabu shabu, your bill may be high. 
Because this is probably the only shabu shabu place in Chinatown, its definitely a place that you should visit.FINALLY WE GOT A TYPICAL HOT POT IN PHILLY CHINATOWN.
The boss there is nice. I went there with my friend and we saw a free drink offer on YELP. But the boss said free drinking isn't offered anymore, it was only for opening week. So I was kind of upset. But then he said since they forgot to remove the offer on yelp, they would still do the free drinking to us. My friend said we didn't need free drink anymore bc they did offer nice tea. THEIR TEA IS GREAT. And guess what, by the end of our meal, the boss gave us 15% off for us not getting the free drink and he said it was their fault not to move the offer.
It's a nice place.And the price is reasonable. I would definitely go there again.Love this Shabu shabu! The meat is really good and the seafood is really fresh! If you never have Shabu Shabu before, this is the place for you!Great staff. They are very fast, helpful, and attentative.
 I suggest half and half pot with the pork bone soup.
Great variety of food option to add into the soup.
We are from New York, and would come here everytime we come to phillyHands down, my favorite hot pot spot in Chinatown. 
I really like their tom-yum flavored soup, and they have spam among with other meat varieties you can possibly think of!
I used to come here almost every other day.I had no idea what the hell was going on when I ordered. I finally figured it out when the broth came out. I was on a date so we ordered a ton of stuff. It's pricey for sure but the food I thought was really good. The shrimp was amazing and fresh but they come fully intact so be ready to do some beheading and dismembering. The pork skin was good. The tofu gets super spongey which is nice in a broth I think, brings a little bit of the soup with it. I'd recommend getting the white radish as one of your veggies too. Takes a little while to cook but it's delicious. My date and I had a great time!Pretty good place for hot-pot. The foods are delicious, the service is just so so though. Maybe it's cuz there're so many customers... Some plates I ordered haven't been served, but the overall quality is ok.Stumbled upon this place walking around Chinatown today. Now that Simply Shabu is closed, hello Hippot Shabu Shabu!
What brought me in was their clever outdoor sign " lunch special $8.95", I'll take it. So it's $8.95 for chicken or beef, and an upcharge to $10.95 for seafood. I opted for the seafood which consisted of two shrimp, two clams, a few squid, 2 shitake mushrooms, your choice of noodle type , spinach and 2 mushroom ears with your choice of broth. 
It certainly is enough to fill you, I think so anyway. The broth wasn't very flavorful to be honest, I had to do quite a bit of seasoning from the sauce bar. I did enjoy the variety at the sauce bar, they pretty much have everything you need: hot oil, sesame oil, garlic, soy sauce, sesame paste, "bbq sauce / sha cha " , scallions, cilantro etc. 
Service was friendly, although the lady was much more attentive than my assigned gentleman server. 
It's not the best hot pot you'll have in the world, but it's pretty much all we have in the area, and it's not bad. Worth a shot, and definitely worth the shot if you've never had hot pot before! ( Think Asian melting pot, cook your own food in your personal pot)When one of my friends noticed that a new hot pot place had opened in Chinatown, a group of us girls decided to take a food venture and visit on a Saturday evening. As noted in my 3-star review, I'd say that other than its HIP venue, it's kind of "gone to POT" (haha, get it?)
Okay but seriously, the trendy spacious environment offered a great ambiance, especially for a group on a night out. But that was probably one of the few favorable impressions from our visit to Hippot. 
For one thing, the process of ordering food caused major confusions, which was exacerbated by our impatient waitress. The menu lacked any combination platters so we were told that had to order each meat/veggie/noodle to cook separately. But then we were later told that each pot came with a small combination basket that had a little bit of everything in it. When we asked for clarification on the size of the basket, our waitress did not look happy with us. Also, some of the portions of individual dishes were not explicit, but we didn't want to keep asking her more questions. Admittedly, my personal knowledge of hot pot restaurants are somewhat limited, but I came with 6 other girls who were veteran hot pot eaters, and it all felt unnecessarily complicated for us. 
Not only was the ordering process unclear, the resulting cost was nebulous as well. Since it was hard to estimate how much food we would need to feel satisfied, it was also difficult to determine how much the bill would be for the group. In the end, it came out to $20 per person, which felt pretty steep. Especially since we weren't majorly full and the meal didn't contain any highly expensive ingredients.
But to conclude on a positive note, the food tasted pretty good, especially the fish tofu that I tried for the first time! Also, I had fun creating little individual sauces from an array of options at the "sauce bar", which is used to dip the food into for flavor. Even if it's not worth the confusion, service, and price, at least we enjoyed the food/venue!Please do not go to here if you want to eat self-service hot pot. Ning Ting is a better choice. First，taste here is bad,service is not good. The maneger here is not friendly. Second, we left some food, but not too much, they asked us to charge 20% fee for these food. We also went to Ning Ting, they will not charge for the same quantity we left. I believe you want to have a good time with your friends, so don't go the place. choose another one.  In addition, many flies above food and sauce bar.Tasty. I really enjoyed it. And the suause selection  was great!! The price was about 66$ for 3 people. We ordered a lot veggies and some meat. 
The selection for the hot pot add on was really good too. I would recommend  and come bac.Been here a few times now and it hasn't disappointed. The bone soup tastes great and the sauce bar has 100 of combinations to make for a different experience each time. Try the ball combo with your soup to get 4 of your choice (Don't forget mental balls.)The best hotpot in Philly! Been here twice.
I'm a fun of spicy. So we got the spicy broth. It never let you down! Never too spicy, and delicious enough to make you want to come back again.
The meat and vegetables are fresh and clean. My favorite one is the tofu skin. I've never had a better tofu skin in other places.
Anyway, I really like here, and will be here for a third time.Average. I'm from NY so definitely not comparable. Food was ok and service was decent. Unfortunately not worth the price in my opinion. Worst part is they charge $5 per pot for the soup base.Terrible service. Server keeps turning off our stove. Food doesn't get cooked properly due to the low heat. Served wrong drink. Didn't respond to my request for a to-go container. Very very disappointed.Went to my bank in China Town & the baby in my belly was hungry. While looking for my favorite spot Banana Leaf. I stumped upon this place, AMAZING!!! I was too hungry to walk any further, so as I saw some Asian man walked in I followed.(assuming the place must have good food, if another Asian is eating there-please excuse me while my hunger was being stereotypical).I did not know nor expected today's experience. We had to cook our own food, but that was the fun part. I recommend this as a date night, family night, or any event. My 5 y/o asked if he can do the cooking, I agreed & supervised.  The place was packed of course, why wouldn't it be. I can't wait to go again w/family or friends. I was very thankful for the table next to us assisting us w/how to refrain from over flowing our pot next time. It was hilarious, how much of a mess we made. But again we loved it. 
**Please be alarmed you really don't need to purchase a drink water & tea is free. Plus your going to be so full your not going to have room for your drink.Writing a review for Friday Jan 12th 2018. I've been here a few times in the past - generally enjoyed it with no problems but for this last visit my girlfriend and I both got sick after eating here, I'll spare the details. I dont think the food was fresh - I hope this was just a one time thing. Staff was friendly though!
Maybe I'll update this to a better review if we go back.I would definitley not recommend this place to eat hotpot. Homemade hotpot is better than this. The female manager is not friendly but servers are good. I went there twice and saw flies while eating. will not come here againOne of the best hotpot place in Philadelphia Chinatown.  Spicy hotpot is great and the pork bone hotpot is tasty as well. The price is affordable. Try to have the sea food in the spicy, you will like it. Overall, must try itAmazing restaurant. Authentic taste, fresh ingredients, and wonderful staff. I loved it.Very good hot pot place with sauce bar. We did the half and half soup. The spicy half was what I call Chinese spicy . Good for families and differentawesome food. The mentai dumplings are really good! Second time here. Will come again.Good food nice place . A lot of food choices also have dry pots. Also give you fruits afterwards. You can choose the big pots or small pots(big pots for more people)My gf and i were there last night bc we love Shabu. The decor is nice and people were pretty friendly but the food was just ok  IMO. The broth was flavorful but super oily and the meat was relatively tough compared to other shabu places. I would prob come back as it was decent but not great.1. Pork blood and intestine taste awful. No stinky tofu, nor duck blood, which are two main ingredients in spicy pot! 
身為一個麻辣鍋，豬血和腸都難吃又沒有鴨血臭豆腐，實在不知道如何自稱麻辣鍋。
2. Music and decoration are perfect, however. 音樂都是八九零年代會聽的臺灣流行歌曲！
3. Pork livers are okay.
4. No vegetable combo included in soup base.
5. A bit overpriceWent with my friends and were there for the buffet special had a great time and lots of food! Definitely would return. Broths had great flavor and many options to choose from.This place is a pretty decent hot pot place. Usually when the wait at Nine Ting is like an hour and a half, this place will almost always have a table, probably because it's like 50% pricier. Service is pretty good though, would recommend!Elvis and Joan were super friendly, and they made our dinner unforgettable. Food was fantastic! Definitely 5 stars.Amazing place. Best hot pot in Philadelphia. The food came on time and it was also delicious. The staff made sure that everything was on point the whole time. Very friendly place, would definitely recommend againits was a nice place to be for dinner at late winter night, regulat pot and spicy pot were good choices.  everything was fresh and decorated in plates.Today my friends and I go to try the under the hot-pot restaurant, very tasty. The staff were very good.One Saturday night, some of my friends and I went to Hippot Shabu Shabu as a way to relax on the weekend. Hippot Shabu Shabu is very famous in China for its special way of eating food; they serve raw food with hot pots and you have to put raw food down into the hot pots by yourself. Although Hippot Shabu Shabu in Chinatown is not as good as in China, it is still outstanding in Chinatown, and of course we enjoyed it very much. 
Food:
First, we have to choose broth. I am a fan of spicy hot food, especially for hot pot. However, some of my friends don't eat spicy things. If you also meet this problem, don't worry about it. They served half herbal/half spicy for the soup base, so you will not be conflicted when you choose broth. After we chose broth, we ordered some meats and vegetables. The menu contains various kinds of food, such as lamb, beef, seafood vegetables and meat balls. In fact, the price is a little bit high; nevertheless, with each meat you order, you will receive another dish of meat for free, the same for vegetables. Then, we went to the sauce bar to make sauce by ourselves. Their sauce bar also provides various kinds of sauce, which has sesame paste, soy sauce, and spicy sauce. Because you have to dip into the sauce when you eat food, it is very important to make a delicious sauce. Even though you are not familiar with how to make sauce, the restaurant suggests sauce tip for each food you will eat. I'm sure that you will enjoy the food if you follow their instructions. The meat and vegetables are pretty fresh. The taste of the meat is very soft and delicious; vegetables is crisp, and the sound of chewing will make you feel pleased. In addition, the process of putting them into hot pot and waiting for them will make you feel very excited about what you eat. Although the portion is not very large, it is still cheaper than you eat hot pot at home. 
Ambience:
This is probably why I like this place. The ambience is very fashionable in a modest way. The wall is decorated with red wood, which gives people the feeling of cleanliness and elegant. Besides, the space is adequate and you will not feel claustrophobic as other restaurant. The light is very warm, and you will feel very comfortable when you eat food. Last but not least, the music is very appropriate. Sometimes it is very soft and sometimes it is very exciting. You will adjust your speed of eating food according to the music, so that you will never feel bored.
Service:
The waiters are very nice. Their recommendation is very legitimate, and the food they advise is the same as what they describe. Besides, they will refill your water regularly, which will make you feel very warm. Herb. W in the yelp review list said that："There were some confusions and mistakes stuffs made, but they solved it all at once and apologized in a very kind way." (yelp.com) Just as he said, waiters are very modest. They also got the wrong things we ordered; we ordered beef, but they gave us lamp. However, they changed it immediately and apologized in a very modest and genuine way. I don't think waiters in other restaurants will do like them.
Overall, Hippot Shabu Shabu is an impressive place to go in Chinatown. If you feel cold and want to eat something warm, this place is the solid choice. Go to Hippot Shabu Shabu to have a try, I promise you will not regret your decision.
Cite: W, Herb.Awesome restaurant, we got the 3 soup combo and a whole bunch of balls, meats and veggies and went to town. Great fun, not to mention a free facial!Fantastic place! Their new all you can eat pricing is wonderful. The quality is still the same. This is my favorite Shabu Shabu spot in the whole city. I ordered the hot and spicy broth while my boyfriend ordered the pork bone broth. Both were absolutely fantastic. I would definitely recommend this place.This place is awfully expensive for a place in which you do your own cooking and you get a feeling that most of your bill is going to the atmosphere rather than food quality.  We went for lunch on a sunday and the place was relatively empty which is always concerning, especially in chinatown where all the hot spots are usually thriving.
We tried the gamut of meat and vegetables and let's just say freshness wasn't necessarily the forte.  Our lamb plates came with noticeable pockets of brown and some of the cilantro looked wilted.
Our service on the other hand was decent which made the almost alarmingly high bill a little more reasonable, but even if my water cup was filled promptly and my server was polite it can't mask the quality of the food.
Do yourself a favor, put out some newspaper spend the $40 bucks it costs to get your home setup for hot pot and go to your local asian supermarket.  You'll be happier and more proud that you did it all by your bad self. TRUST ME.price is reasonable. There are a variety of choices for customers to choose for the hotpot.I tried this place for the first time last night with some friends and it was fantastic. I definitely recommend making a reservation because we tried to go last week and the wait was almost two hours. We came back a week later with a reservation and were seated immediately. The soup was great, the food choices were abundant, and the staff was quick to refill our hotpot! We will definitely be back.Authentic Chinese food according to my Chinese friend. It's a great place to go with a group and conversation piece as you get to choose your ingredients and cook it at your table. As an amateur to Chinese food, I was very pleased with the variety of food and sauces they provide. You can go choose a very spicy, or just plain flavor and add all sorts of vegetables, meat or fish.  They also have delicious teas and juices. Definitely a great place to go back in the winter for a nice pot of soup.It was our first time eating shabu shabu and it was a great experience! The food was delicious and the waitresses were very helpful and attentive. Can't wait to come back here!Love this place. Place is clean, food is fresh and there are many soup bases for you to choose if you love hot pot.My new hot pot spot! My family and I came here to try them out for the first time. We made reservations for 6pm, got here by 615 but they still had the table for us! Food was great; loved the lamb. I hade the pork bone broth and it was slurping good lol. Service was great too.In terms of the broth and quality of raw ingredients, this is the best hot pot place in Chinatown. The restaurant is clean and ventilation is good so you don't walk out smelling like the food you just ate. My favorite soup base is the tomato and herbal soups. The portions have become more generous compared to when they first opened. The quality of their noodles varies each time I go. I suspect they are constantly switching brands. 
There's no "all you can eat" option, but I think the price for ordering a la carte comes out to about the same if you're not looking to eat until you're too full to walk. I always end up full and pay no more than $30/pp (including tax and tips). It's quality vs quantity. This is a place for good quality hot pot, but if you care more about quantity, then this is not the place to go to.
Today I went and they gave us refrigerated seaweed salad and roasted peanuts. I understand that seaweed salad should be cold, but cold peanuts are no good!Tasty food and nice service :)
Their triple flavored hot pot is really good - loved the tomato soup!Really good! I am originally from Sichuan( the hometown of hotpot), the hotpot here is as good as Sichuan! Recommend!!! If you cannot have spicy food, you can try not spicy soup, it is also delicious!Very good services and food are delicious, will come to this place again. Also this soup is half spicy and half clean, so it is really good for different favorThis is some amazing hot pot! And they have a really good lunch special -- $8 for most meats and $10 for seafood. My friends and I came here for lunch and left so stuffed! I got the seafood platter, and it came with shrimp, calamari, and clams with veggies and mushrooms. So good! I opted for the Tom Yum broth that was delicious. They also have a sauce bar where you can pick up garlic, hoisin, cilantro, vinegar, or whatever your heart desires to add to the broth. My friends got meat options and they were very happy with their meals, although one of my friends added on some snails to her meal that were not so good (just not what she expected because they were huge!).This place is okay for hot pot. It's not particularly good, but I believe it's one of two in the area so it does get pretty crowded. 
The way it works is that you choose a soup (~$16) which comes with a plate of vegetables. The vegetables aren't fresh. I saw them pull it out of the refrigerator pre-packaged. You then choose what you want to cook. They have a good deal for four different kinds of balls (i.e. fish balls, meat balls, etc), 3 of each, for ~$8.
What I do like is their sauce bar. Basically, in the back, they have a bar where you can make your own sauce and they have a ton of ingredients. 
One problem with the place that really bothers me: they have horrible vents. You can probably figure out how this gets problematic considering it's hot pot. When I went, it was so hot inside and they didn't open any of the windows. They were forced to when the *fire alarm* went off. When the alarm went off, they then proceeded to pour water into everyone's broth and after they turned the alarm off, they didn't replace the broth. Also, I believe this place burned down once already. So I didn't have the best experience, but like I said, it's decent hot pot and I'll probably be back.This is definitely NOT the same hot pot as the Mongolian hot pot chain in NJ and NYC! Not even close and I didn't even like the one in Edison so I'm not even sure why they're trying to trick people into thinking it is. 
I made reservations with a friend from NYC who had been to the NYC one and was excited to try it out. We were seated promptly, but the waiter was some what unfriendly and slow with our orders and we just sat there admiring the nice decor. Maybe it's grand opening jitters and they'll get better with time, but it's something they definitely need to work on.
We each got a different flavor of hot pot and neither were really that flavorful. They looked great, but in the end it seemed like they were expecting the sauces to do all the heavy lifting. The meat came in larger quantities than expected, but I'm not too sure about the quality. My stomach was a little iffy afterwards, but no full blown diarrhea so that seemed fine. 
We were told it's a temporary BYOB when we called because they are working towards getting their liquor license. I prefer bringing my own drinks and not pooping water, so I think until I hear otherwise I will stick with the hot pot place on Cherry Street.This is not Chinese hotpot at all...The sauce tastes funny. Waiters are helpful and vegetables are fresh though.Hot pot is a fun experience but the quality of the meat here is not worth the price. The meat came out frozen and left a ton of grease in the pot.This is actually one of my favorite hot pot places in Philadelphia, this one is located in Chinatown. They have some of the best broths such as tomato and Tom yum, that some of the others don't offer around this area. Those are the two I recommend because they're very different. Tom yum is a spicy lime with some seafood mixed in, and tomato just tastes very healthy to cook your meats in. I don't get too crazy with the sauces that they offer but I mix their bbq and sriracha to get the perfect spicy bbq. Hope this helps!This place DOES NOT honor their yelp promotions. I came in on a weekday around noon for their lunch special, and asked the waiter about the 'mention yelp for a free drink' deal. He said that they can't do that, and said he'd check with the manager (who obviously said no also). The reasoning is that "the lunch combo is already cheap". If that is the case, why advertise on yelp about a free drink with the lunch combo for mentioning yelp or checking in? It felt pretty dirty - false advertising to lure customers in then not keep to their word. 
Aside from that the food is pretty decent, 4 stars if not for the dirty and dishonest business practice. I've yet to try Simply Shabu.Don't ever go here! A bunch of us had our tummies upset after eating here! (Some of us for the second time)
The staff does not understand the difference between "meat" and "no meat". We asked the server 5-6 times if they could make a soup without meat, fish oil and fish sauce. She said yes but got us soup with chicken broth anyways. Every time she refilled the broth we confirmed with her that it did not have any meat. She kept adding the chicken broth. We only found out at the end of the meal when the server changed and the other one told us it was chicken broth when we asked again. Inspite of requesting to speak to the owner, she left knowing there was a problem and we wanted to speak to her. 
The manager apologized but kept giving excuses like the server didn't know English (although she got everything else in our order right). Then she said for some customers chicken is not meat. We explained to her that we have never eaten meat and it's taboo per our religion.
What worries me is that if one of us was allergic to something, we would be lied to and it would have been put in our food after several requests.Worst customer service ever. My friends and I went in today to eat hot pot, and we ordered "beef". Clearly I pointed to the $6.95 beef and told the waiter we wanted that one. He brings out two plates of beef and so we ate it thinking that it was the beef we ordered. When the check comes out it says $15.95 per serving (over 30 bucks!). When I pointed it out to the waitress who brought our check, she shrugged and said "oh well you ate it already". Are you kidding me? After messing up our order, she blames us for not knowing the difference of what we ate. How the hell am I supposed to know as the customer what the difference is between sirloin beef and the beef I ordered when it's on a plate?! The worst part was, she starts talking about us in Chinese to the waitress next to her, thinking we can't understand. Completely ignorant and racist servers. Your food is decent hippot, but I will not return here ever again as long as your service is this crappy.Literally the best shabu shabu in Philly! The beef is so good! Highly recommend the meet ball! If you never had shabu shabu before, here is the place to go!My boyfriend and I are big hot pot fans so we decided to give a shot here. We spent about an hour and half eating all these food. We got half/half soup base, as the spicy broth is my absolute favorite and also is what I use to judge the restaurant. It was okay, I must say I didn't get the urge to eat more unlike other hot pot places I've tried.  The service is, well I see they try, but a little bit all over the place. Overall, it was alright but wouldn't come back--wasn't enough to get me addicted.Hippot is awesome!! Huge selection, high quality ingredients and very nice sauce bar!  would come againThe Presentation of the food was nice. A lot more than other places .
Sauce bar was cool too I would suggest bigger sauce dishes probably.
Didn't see lean beef on the menu though. And I wanted hoa fun noodles but they didn't have that. 
Overall I would recommend it's spacious so u r not bumping elbows which is a plus 
Music selection had a very good variety of Asian and recent popThe hot pot here is amazing!! It reminds me of studying abroad in China. Great service and good price. Definitely recommend if you want a fun date-night, girls day, or really any fun activity with friends or family!Last we ate at the restaurant and the experience was horrible!
It started with bad service, we felt like they didn't even want to give us service and when we asked questions regarding the menu they got angry. We were a group of 4 people, some vegetarian and some that kept kosher witch means no sea food or pork. Finally after ordering the food arrived and we were all excited until we tasted it. The didn't taste fresh and even the soup broth tasted like it went bad. Now in all honesty we are not a tough crowd to please so we didn't bother complaint much except to ask the manager to remove one of the items that we ordered that tasted bad, we did not even touch the dish because it was so bad. She refused to remove the item from the bill and got really mad at us for even saying something about it. So we payed the bill and left. About an hour later we all had food poisoning throughout the night. 
Stay away from this place like the plague service was bad but what was worse was the food, it was rotten and made us all sick.First time here and definitely will be coming back again for more. Servers were friendly, quick and very accommodating. Food was hot, fresh and delicious. Great variety of meat, seafood and vegetables.A popular hot pot restaurant in Chinatown, and we had dinner here. We had three different soups, which were pork bone, tomatoes and spicy chili. We chose the buffet style, which meant that we could eat anything we wanted on the menu. Loved the beef, lamb, shrimp, eggs, cabbage and corns. Really enjoyed this dinner!The best hot pot in Chinatown. I like the taste here. Drinks here are awesome as well. I prefer here rather than those buffet hot pot.My family was in town and I wanted to head to Chinatown for some food. We saw the sign and walked in. I didnt use yelp to suggestions. It was a spur of the moment kind of thing.
The hot pot here was pretty good. There were many selections on soup broths which is something I dont see often. We ordered a lot of food so I cant really explain what it all tastes like. The food quality was good and the portions was more than I expected per plate. Obviously hot pot is much cheaper at home so it was expensive here. I actually think the vegetable special was worth the price. There was a lot of veggies! The sauce bar also seemed to have more selections than the other places that I have been. It was pretty good on a cold fall day. I imagine it being great in the winter.I've been here too many times since they opened up. They just renewed the menu and there's a lot to choose from. The hotpot is authentic and I really enjoy the small pot option they have.Good hot pot. They have a variety of meats, noodles, and veggies to choose from.  They give you so much.  Also lots to choose from at the sauce bar.
Skip the bubble teas.  It was not very good.I'll give this restaurant four stars. I just had a late night dinner here at Hippot Shabu Shabu. It is my first time going out to eat Shabu Shabu. I was really excited to finally try it out. 
First, the waiter was very attentive. He makes sure that our water is filled , our cleaned plates are taken , our broth is filled and keeps checking in. It's very important that a waiter does this, because you fill like you are well taken care of other than just sitting there and waiting for some service. They did an A+ on that. 
Second, the menu. The menu was very simple , that is a good thing. I hate menus that are very complicated. I just want to see the choices in categories , and thats what they exactly did. The soup choices were on the front . Then the meats, vegetables, balls, seafood and all those things. 
Third, the food. Of course, the most important part of a restaurant is there food. I think their food is good but not sooo good. The broth was pretty good. It was not As flavorful as I want it to be but it is not bad all. I got half of herbal and half of the hot and spicy soup. The hot and spicy soup was very flavorful but it was too hot for me. The herbal soup , was okay , it was short of plain for me. Other than that, they have a bunch of choices of meats and vegetables. I got beef, chicken , needle mushrooms, assorted vegetables, beef meatball & noodles. It was very very filling. 
Fourth, the price. I would say that it is pretty pricy. The soup itself $22 and then the meats and vegetables goes from $3-$7. It is not so pricy , but not such a reasonable price. 
Overall , the service is great, the restaurant is great, the food was in the middle of good-great and the price is okay .Asking customers for tip is not okay,  especially when left 20% already.  Food was mediocre at best, no service.  Shame on you.very terrible，the food is not fresh，like the meat or mushroom。if you never eat the Chinese hotpot before you might think it's good。 I believe people who has eaten other good hotpot before will definitely say that one is very bad. And the requirement for tips is at least 15%， the hot pot soup is more expensive than other hotpot restaurants！Remember！don't go there！Broths were delicious and meats were really fresh! There was no wait and we got seated immediately. Will most likely be coming back here!Your own hot pot or to share, that is the question. I like the Japanese tofu, extra veggies, and the fried shrimp balls that have the eggs in them. After you order your food, you make your own dipping sauce at the sauce bar. Mine has vinegar, sugar hot peppers and lots and lots of cilantro. Pretty reasonable pricing.The average hotpot place you'll find. 
I'm from New York so hotpot places are typical and this place is exactly what that is. The typical hotpot place, the food was good and the service was mediocre. 
I do highly suggest the spicy broth. But make sure after a few minutes you scoop out the chili and the flavor strainer or else you'll be eating mouthfuls of pepper seeds. The tomato base is a bit too acidic for me so I wouldn't recommend that highly. 
Me and my boyfriend enjoyed the decoration more the service here. I understand that this is a place run and owned by Asians but I didn't expect how most of the workers here don't understand a single drop of English. We tried to order more after a while, the waiter we called over couldn't understand anything. We had to scooping the food out of the pot and showed her what we wanted more. Not mentioning how another waiter would throw down the plates of food at us. I didn't understand her hostility since we were nice when asking for more. Which is why I wouldn't come back here if I had that chance. 
Good decoration good food. But the service was certainly unpleasantReasonable price, great taste. Many choices and the drink is really good too. The vegetables are fresh, so does the meat. 
Will definitely return.As background, my wife and I almost always eat Asian foods at home and when we go out. When in China and Hong Kong, hot pot is a routine and something we look forward to. Here in the US there are not too many but in China they are not only popular but they are "the" spot to go with family and friends.
We had seen the sign for Hippot Shabu Shabu while they were developing the site and were looking forward to its opening. There are various restaurants that say they have hot pot but none really recreate the hot pot of China, at least in the Philly area. 
We were in San Francisco the previous week and visited the Little Sheep branded hot pot restaurant. That one was headquartered in China until its recent acquisition by the US based YUM Brands. I say this only because it is a good comparison of a China based hot pot restaurant chain re-deployed in the US under the Chinese branding. 
So those are my points of comparison.
We were in Chinatown shopping on 9/6/2014 when we thought we would check on the Hippot to see if it had opened. We were happy to find it had and latter found out that they had just opened that day. What luck! We arrived about 7:00pm and it was packed. We had a twenty minute wait which was fine and the staff were very pleasant, checking on us and providing us with assurance we would have a table soon, and we did.
The menu is easy to follow and provides a wide array of food. Now if you are not used to hot pot the way it works is that you pay for a hot pot which contains a "soup" (my words) or base that can be herbal or spicy. You can get a split bowl which has two sections containing each type. Next you order meats, vegetables, dumplings and noodles. These are delivered raw. You then drop in what you want to eat into the bowl and let it cook. When you take out your food from the pot you can dip it in sauces and eat. 
As you enter the restaurant you will see it is very stylish in a subtle way providing an upscale and modern Asian feel. It is a nice departure from the more plain or gaudy restaurants in Chinatown. It can handle couples or large groups easily and is well ventilated so the steam of the hotpots doesn't linger too long. To the rear of the restaurant is the self serve sauce station. They had a wide variety of sauces and herbs that you can mix and match to your liking. I kept it simple though you can head in many directions and be happy. 
As I mentioned earlier, there is a wide variety of food, greater than others we have seen. We kept our order simple, order lamb, Taro, Enoki Mushroom, Tofu Skin, shrimp dumplings, and spinach. All was fresh and high quality which is something you can tell with hotpot since the food is raw unlike most any restaurant that smothers food with sauce and cheese. 
The staff were very helpful and attentive to all the guests. There were some day one confusions but nothing of substance and anything e encountered was quickly resolved with friendly apologies. Whatever kinks they had on the first and well attended day were minor and will be quickly worked out. 
All in all, Hippot Shabu Shabu is one of the best in Philly and the only hot pot restaurant that can compete on a level with those across the country and even in China. We definitely will be back and back often.The food was pretty decent, not the best hot pot I've had, but okay. There was a decent amount of variety in their hotpot menu, especially for the vegetarians. Their bbq was really good, but the portions were pretty small.
Half of their wait staff cannot speak any English and did not even try any east asian languages even though we had a good variety of people with us. Service was slow and they rarely offered to refill our drinks unless we managed to flag someone down.If I can give zero star, I would. The service is extremely bad. The manager makes no sense. The food is pretty bad too. I do not understand how this restaurant is still open today. If you don't want to waste money and have a bad day after having your meal, avoid this place.I never go to these places, it's just not in my network of places I would go to. I'm used to doing it at families of friends so it was a little bit of a square peg situation coming here. BUT it was totally fun and tasted good. Prices are nothing you could get upset about, and the quality seemed fine. I would definitely come back if you wanted to go.Great shabu shabu! Great service, reasonable price. My kids loved cooking their own food.  It has a modern, hip atmosphere.  a must place to visit if you're a foodie!  Tip: do not order the hot broth if you can't handle super spicy food!!!I was fairly disappointed with this place. It was fairly expensive, for one. 
Secondly, I ordered the split pot with both spicy and herbal broth. The spicy broth comes nowhere close to being edible. It's nothing but hot oil. Don't get me wrong; I love spicy food. This, however, burned my insides to the point where I didn't want to eat anymore. That side of the pot remained untouched. 
Service was okay. It took forever for someone to come get our check so we walked it up to the front. 
Would not recommend.First this is not Shabu Shabu!!  It is Chinese hot pot.  Quality is so-so.  Resturant is noisy because of the owner's obnoxious kids who run and scream without any intervention.  Portion of food is small for the meat but veggies are ok.My favorite hot pot in town. Good place, nice environment and friendly service. My boyfriend and I love coming here for lunch special, half spicy and half herbal pork soup is a boom, along with lamb meat and vegetables. We walk out with big belly every time.I went this restaurant today for all you can eat hot pot.. the service was fast (idk if that was because there were only a few people eating there) but the food did not meet my expectation. For the money i paid I probably won't be going back any time soonI had a poor first experience here when I came during its initial opening week with poor customer service and tiny food portions. 
However, due to limited lunch hot pot options in Chinatown, I decided to come back and give it a try. I ended up with a beef lunch combo w/ udon and a free side of tofu with a yelp check-in! It was a steal at $8.95 pre-tax and pre-tip. The beef was plenty for a lunch special, and though the veggies were limited, the free veggie side made up for it. My biggest complaint is the fact that for over 24hours after my meal, my mouth is still left severely dehydrated and feeling inundated with sodium and MSG. Note to those who wish to avoid hypertension and possible kidney failure - add cups of water to your broth before drinking it! Hippot, work on fixing your broth and maybe there will be a third chance..I'll caveat by saying this was my first hotpot experience, but it was definitely a memorable one!  I really look for value when I go out to places like these, and if there is anyhting that I can say about this restarant, it's that it has excellent value.  
If you've never been to hot pot, it might take you a minute to pick it up but it's worth it. The service here was, to say the least, on point.  Since this restaurant is a buffet, we ordered our food in waves, and we were always served very promptly. The waiters were very helpful with menu selection, and there is a really wide variety of buffet items to choose from!
(Side note: the seafood pancake is not a buffet item but it's still 10/10)
On top of that, I'm not usually one who is in to sauces. I find them gross. But the custom sauces here are a must-have. Please go and experiment! If I did and liked it, it's definitely worth it.
Finally, this restaurant does have a 2-3 hour time limit if memory serves, BUT if it's not busy, they don't enforce it to my knowledge unless you're blatantly sitting there wasting time and space.
And all of this for only $23. Have fun, people!!Hippot's service is efficient and their All you can Eat Menu is very worth it!!
Authentic Hot pot experience, many choices of fillings.
Gogogo!My first experience here was average at best. I ordered the pork bone soup which was very delicious and rich, but the rest of the ingredients I ordered, such as the beef and mushroom (don't remember which I ordered) weren't anything special -- almost bland. 
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and our food came out very quickly. I would like to note that this was around the start of their dinner service and the place was basically empty still, and maybe only one other person had come in the whole time we were there. That being said I don't know how busy this place normally gets and don't know how their service is in that scenario. 
The interior is very modern and appealing. It's also very clean but I didn't use the restroom while I was there so I can't speak of that. 
I haven't had much shabu shabu in Philly but compared to places I've visited in NY the quality of the meal was pretty average. I would go back once in a while if I was really craving hot pot but I don't think I'll come here very often.I'm always on the lookout for an excellent hotpot restaurant, so I was really excited to find this spot here located in Chinatown. The food was excellent and fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed my order and the service staff were nice and attentive. However, they could improve the menu by adding a selection of dessert type items on the menu for all you can eat. For example, in Chicago they have Chinese pancakes, cornbread, and dumplings with bean paste.It was a great experience dining here. All the dishes were very authentic and the sauce bar was an interesting experience. It is definitely a restaurant I would recommend to someone looking for authentic Chinese cuisine.Rudeee all the time. Treated like homeless. Meat is bad, not fresh. Pricy and not welcome. Spend your money for something better!!! Do not go here.So many options! Never experienced something like this before and there were many questions and laughs because of it, but that's what made it so much fun. The staff was very helpful. Plus I love the fact that I can order bubble tea and eat my dinner at the same time.Came with a small group and got the pot that was split three ways with the bone broth, Hot and Spicy broth and the Tom Yum. The Hot and Spicy was too much for anyone to handle and we ended up using it as more of a sauce type deal than anything else. The Bone Marrow was salty and inoffensive though a little boring. The Tom Yum was really great, spicy but not overwhelming with a really beautiful flavor that went amazingly with all the add ins we got! 
I really recomend this restaurant but because of the setup I would really recomend at least 3 or 4 people minimum.I went here with a friend and we did the All You Can Eat Hot Pot. They had a wide selection of food but I wish the meat category had more options. Nonetheless, what we ordered was still very delicious. We got the spicy broth and it was very flavorful, a bit too spicy for me but still enjoyable. I definitely would recommend this place and will be returning!Mmmm my favorite hot pot spot in the city. Broth is flavorful and the service is also really good. A few don't speak English that well, but when another server sees that the customer is trying to communicate other things besides food, they will run right up to help.
I tend to do the AYCE since I find it a better deal, but if you can't eat much, I don't recommend it. I would price out the items you would have normally gotten and if it's close or more to the AYCE, then just do the AYCE style.
My favorite items are the flat chewy glass noodles, tofu skin, watercress, beef, sliced pork, and fish cakes. Of course they have tons and tons more, but those are the items I normally get seconds or even 3rds on.
The first time I went, I didn't know they had a sauce bar until I went to the restroom. I wish the server did mention it when we ordered. That was the only downfall.
I will definitely be back.I came here on a Saturday morning for an early lunch with my wife and sister. The place was quite spacious, with several tables with hotpot burners in the center.  We were promptly seated and the server was very attentive. The menu is all you can eat for $24 per person.  We were able to select as many items as we wanted from a large variety of meats, fish and vegetables. There were also options for noodles, or rice. For broths, we ordered half bone marrow and half spicy. We ordered spinach, skinny mushrooms, broccoli, potatoes, tomatoes, corn, water cresses, sliced beef, sliced pork, shrimp, fishballs and fish dumplings. We got vermicelli, udon noodles and rice. That was a lot of food, but we were hungry and ate all of it! 
The marrow broth needed a bit of salt, but there's an awesome condiment/sauce bar which has salt, so we added some and it was delicious. The spicy broth was good but really really spicy, especially if you drank the broth like soup. However, it was perfect if you were just heating food in the broth and taking it out of the broth. It gave the meat, veggies and noodles good flavor. We really enjoyed our meals. It was choatic and messy, the way hot pot should be. The mix of the flavors was very tasty. I am craving hot pot already. I will be back. Great meal for a great price.Food was great and service was excellent! I went there because Nine Ting was packed. The quality of the meat was great and the soup was especially amazing. I chose the half and half option. Excellent overall!First time here, Was pretty decent. The Tom yum soup base was good. It was all you can eat. Meat portions were little small but overall good. I would go back.Real Chinese food for Chinese people - this place gives you an authentic 'shabu-shabu' experience. Shabu-shabu is kind of like hot pot (you are served raw ingredients that will become cooked), but instead of a hot pot/pan, shabu shabu is served  as a boiling broth to which you add raw ingredients. 
Shabu shabu is a social eating experience, so I highly recommend going with a group!
Don't forget to check out the 'make your own sauce' area. There are instructions on the wall!
Also, don't expect the greatest service. Hah, you may want to bring someone along that can speak Mandarin for you!
Also, it is BYOBIt was pretty clean for a Chinatown hot pot place. My only issue is that the prices are a little high. 6-8 dollars for a serving of meat... With that said, their condiment bar was very well stocked, the service was great, and if you check in you get a free order of meat of your choice. There were plenty of veggies to choose from which I loved. Also, they have full bar. with three meat plates and assorted veggies it ended up being 42$ in total. I would come back here for a special event only.Wow! Delicious and cozy! If you are looking for a one of a kind experience and are adventurous when it comes to food, definitely check out Shabu Shabu!
Although the waiters were a little grumpy, the service wasn't bad. Food definitely was worth it!This restaurant is totally worth five star for its sauce bar and the excellent service. Exactly Chinese flavor! Would definitely revisit!OK, first time trying Hippot Shabu Shabu.  The server said she liked the spicy broth so we ordered the half spicy, half pork bone broth, vegetable combo and beef slices.  First warning is that the spicy is like super hot, filled with red hot chilli peppers.  If you manage to fish out the peppers, the broth is excellent, but it is too hot for my liking.  The beef and veggies were totally fresh and made an excellent broth.  Servers come by and refill your broth, but since it is a pork base, not exactly for vegetarians.  You can pick maybe 20 different sauces from the sauce counter.  Shabu shabu is perfect for a cold winter meal to warm you up.
They finish off the broth with a syrupy dessert with white fungus and lychee.  Will try a different hot pot next time.While I appreciate the great service, fresh decoration flower on the dish and freebie calendar, I am just disappointed that the spicy soup base was bad. Spicy soup base is probably one of the key pillars in hotpot and they simply don't have it. It is almost like they just use hot water and dump some spicy oil in it, completely flavorless. 
Besides the disappointing soup base, beef is ok, fish is smelly, mushroom is bad and not fresh at all, pork ball is good, fish dumpling is decent, sauce is standard.
Please fix the quality of soup and food before you spend all those money on fresh flower decoration or freebie. People come to your restaurant for food. If you want to charge a premium in Chinatown, at least present some decent good food.
It is no wonder that there was no line on a Friday night :(Hippot Shabu Shabu is a great place to go with friends for food and fun. Definitely different from your average restaurant as this place allows guests to be more interactive with food thus creating the perfect atmosphere for conversation amongst friends. It's nice to see something a little "outside of the box" make it to the city of Philadelphia. So, follow the scent of the aromatic broths and try it!This place was so bad! It look very nice but the food wasn't all that good. The service was even worse. They look like they want don't want you there. The servers got that pissed off look like they don't want you spending money there. Horrible!I love hot pot but I don't think I will be coming back to this place again.  First their soup bases are tasteless, the add-ins are extremely expensive, and overall I was not impressed with their restaurant at all.  If you get the pork bone soup they will come refill your pot with pork soup however if you get the tomato soup they come refill with water!  Thanks for diluting the already tasteless soup to nothing!  The don't even have the proper names of the vegetables in English.  We ordered the enoki mushrooms and they gave us king trumpet mushrooms and said that the one we wanted was called "needle mushrooms".  They did not offer to give us the mushroom we ordered!  Their water tasted nasty and their boba tea drinks weren't very good either.Reasonable price but if you're in the area there is better quality you can get. The service was alright.  They have you fill out a sheet when ordering. The broth was also underwhelming and not too flavorful. For the amount I paid to eat here I would have gladly paid more for better quality.We had a great experience here! The food was great and fresh and the waitstaff was courteous and attentive. The paper ordering system worked out very well! There is nothing bad to say about our experience.They recently added an all-you-can-eat option that is a dollar less compared to nine ting. The selection has a good amount of items and sauces to keep every person happy. In my opinion, the broth tastes better than nine ting. 
The only cons I can think is that when it's busy, the service isn't the best It could be.This is my go-to hot pot place in Chinatown. They have a dinner AYCE option, and I believe they recently put up a lunch AYCE option. This place is reasonably priced considering it's all you can eat. It's also clean and service is good as well. Everyone I've encountered has been really kind, and I always get a goodnight by the time I leave. The selection of foods are good, and the broth is standard. The only complaint I have might be the sauce selection. I would say the broth is hit-or-miss, sometimes being just right and sometimes being overly bland which the sauces need to kind of make up for. As far as hot pot goes, I would say this place is definitely better than Nine Ting and is less overcrowded.Recommend coming to this spot for all you can eat hotpot! I eat a good amount of food when it comes to hotpot...so all you can eat is worth it for me. There's other spots in Chinatown that have hotpot but it's not all you can eat and it's pricey. They give you a piece of paper and you just order the amount of food that you want. Giving three stars because the beef that they gave us at one point was not fresh but all the other times it was good. Customer service was great, they come by with boiling water to fill up your pot when it starts to run low. Place is very clean and has TVs has well. They also have a station where you can make your own sauce. Definitely recommend coming for all you can eat. It's the best in Chinatown in my opinion.I came here with my parents for dinner on a visit. We were looking for a hot pot place, and figured we could try it. They had a banner hanging above the door for a deal for $23 which seemed pretty reasonable. Walking in, it was packed full of students. We were seated right away and handed a slip with all the food to be checked. I opted for the Tom yum broth, whereas my parents tried the pork bone broth and tomato broth. 
We checked off a ton of food, and submitted it. We didn't realize just how much food we got, but it was a ton when it all came at once. I thought the food itself was decent. I've had better selections, but this list was truly extensive so you could try almost anything. My only disappointment here was that the servers refilled all the soups with the same pork bone broth soup base, so my Tom yum broth got more and more dilute. Overall it was a pretty good deal. I wish they had more selections for broth flavors (sukiyaki for one!) but would definitely recommend if you're in the mood for shabu shabu.Best hot pot in Philadelphia. Don't waste your time at the sheep place across the street. Expansive menu, fresh ingredients, great service, all at a good price.  Usually pretty busy on the weekends, and for a good reason. You won't find a better hot pot place in the city. Can't emphasize the quality of the meat and veggies enough.This is our favorite hot pot place in the city. The selection is fantastic, and the quality is unbeatable!Be ready to spend a little if you're going to go all out for your hot pots as ingredients for your hot pot comes from an a la carte menu. Service could have been better. The restaurant "skipped a page in their reservation book" and our party of 14 was not seated at the same time. For some reason Enoki mushroom is called needle mushroom here. They do have lots of choices for their sauces and the place looks modern and clean. They also dress their plates nicely. 
Our party of 14 was split to two side by side tables. My table had six people and we did two half and half broth pots. One pot had Hot & Spicy and Herbal Bone the other had Pork Bone and Tom Yum. The Hot & Spicy is truly hot and spicy the peppers and the oil soaks your items and make those spicy as well. So if you can't tolerance any spice don't get this one. The others were good. Each broth pot comes with a plate of your choice of vegetable. The portion of all the meat, seafood, and vegetable ingredients we got were decent portion. At the end of dinner, I was semi-full but could eat a little more. So maybe order some more noodles or protein to fill you up. Our bill was about $175, already including automatic tip, which was about $30 per person. It's not bad, but considering that Nine Ting is down the street and all you can eat, I think I would have had a better experience there instead.The all you can eat for a little over $20 is a great deal. You get to choose up to 3 bases for your hot pot. They have blue crab, shrimp, pork blood, pork brain, pork liver, lamp, beef, and plenty of choices. They also have plenty of seasonings for you to choose.Somehow I have been walking by this place for years and didn't come in for hotpot till now! I was pleasantly surprised when I first came at how clean the place was and well-ventilated. The prices are also reasonable, I liked the service, and I was happy with the quality of the food! I came with a group of four and we didn't want to do unlimited/buffet so we ended up saving some money by ordering individual ingredients. We opted to share a pot as a group that was half pork bone broth & half spicy broth rather than each have our individual pots.
Some of my fave ingredients from here: spam, frozen tofu, pumpkin, beef balls, fried shrimp balls, taro, sweet potato...all stuff that soaks up the flavor of the broth well. :)
I love the huge selection of dipping sauces! Here's what I put in mine and was really pleased with: garlic oil (this was a first for me!), sesame oil, peanut butter sauce (hadn't put this in my usual sauces either), hoisin sauce, soy sauce, sesame oil, sesame paste, cilantro, chili sauce. Really I'm writing this here so I don't forget myself haha.Awesome lunch special and sharing hot pot with friends at dinner is affordable too!Fantastic hotpot at a reasonable price,  also very attentive and nice service. Can't ask for more!It's delicious. I hope the sauce bar could more clean and add other flever。GooddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddGood atmosphere. The staff here is friendly. Their sauce bar is a little small and crammed, there was a small line while we wait for other to finish but other than that it was really nice. I had their mango pineapple, it wasn't sweet... kind of bland actually compared to the other smoothies you can get from Chinatown but overall pretty decent. Will come back and try this place again but probably won't order a smoothie.Like this restaurant！Food is delicious！We have the driks，which is awsome. After the meal，we have bonus fruit-orange. They have new buffet hotpot，which is cost effective.We can have as many as we want.Hippot Shabu Shabu is beautifully decorated and spotlessly clean. We ordered a la carte (not AYCE); we got hot pot with pork bone broth and medium spicy broth.  The beef and vegetables we ordered were beautifully presented and good quality. However, the medium spicy broth was way too spicy for us, and the bone broth had no flavor at all. Maybe we could have improved the flavor of the bone broth by adding sauces from the sauce bar, but we didn't see the sauce bar until it was too late (waitress didn't mention it). We also ordered spare ribs, which were delicious. There are several other hot pot restaurants in Chinatown, so I doubt I'll return here.Great hot pot buffet not expensive but delicious. This is one of the best hot pot I have ever had in US. The beef and lamb is pretty fresh and the soy products are soooo good! The soup tastes nice.I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this place considering I've had only OK experiences at other hot pot restaurants in Philly.  My friends and I decided to give this place a try on a quiet Monday night since the other hot pot place was closed. Thankfully this place was delicious and I've found a new favorite hot pot joint!
So my group of 4 people ordered the "split" pot with 2 flavors of broth: Tom Yum Soup
Herbal Pork Soup. I wish they had more combo platters for the meats and veg, but what we ordered turned out ok. We ordered a la carte what we liked and also got the seafood platter which was very plentiful and good.  The soups were very flavorful and even though we ordered a la carte on some of the ingredients, the portions were decent.  We got a mixed veggie "basket" and some noodles with our order. Even though I'm not a huge fan of lettuce in my hot pot (one of the veggies included in the veg basket), I liked that the vegetables included a large variety of green vegetables and some mushrooms - this is much more in line with the traditional hot pot that I like to eat.
The sauce bar was in a small space in the back and had tons of options which I appreciated.  It's in a tight cubby though so really not more than 1-2 persons can make sauce at a time. They also serve beer and bubble tea - I ordered the passionfruit juice with lychee jelly and it was good. 
Overall, I really enjoyed this place. The service was decent and prices are ok as well. Most importantly, the hot pot soups were fantastic. I think having a good, flavorful soup base is so important. I'll definitely be back.I've been wanting shabu shabu in Philadelphia for so long -- and now we have more than one -- that's awesome.
The decor at Hippot is very nice. The service is okay -- our waiter seemed new and didn't know much about the options, but we managed. The prices are good. Lunch is especially a good deal, and there are lots of a la carte options -- many kinds of protein and tofu, etc.
The sauce bar has many possible ingredients. We appreciated that. And the pots are nice -- you can get a big pot for multiple people (with the option of splitting it in two for different broths) or you can get small pots for each diner. I tried the spicy broth and found it a little too spicy. Plus, there were so many ingredients in the broth that it made it difficult to find the meat and noodles I'd been cooking!
Decent prices for beer.
Overall I enjoyed this restaurant and would go back, especially for lunch.