I went to Hiro for lunch and got the special: $13 for ramen with salad and an appetizer. Great deal for the amount of food you get and how delicious it all is! I got the Vegetable Ramen and my brother got the Chicken Soy Ramen. We were the first people in just as the restaurant opened so we were served quickly and attentively. Unfortunately, we didn't know it was cash only but, no big deal, there's a bank right across the street! Overall, the food was great (one of the best ramen in Philly), our server was super friendly, and the ambiance of the place seems perfect for a ramen house.Just ate the Inch of Heaven in about 3 minutes!!!!! Friegen' Unbelievable!!!
Get here and eat!!!
Stopped in today for my second visit.
Tried the Gates of Hell and it is just as amazing as the Inch of Heaven.
The waitress here is very pleasant.
Can't wait to go back.Server got the order wrong. Waited over 30 mins and still didnt get the correct order. How long does it take to boil some noodles?! Left the place without having food.Just had my first ramen here and I have zero complaints. I had the $13 lunch special which included salad, an appetizer and ramen. I asked the waitress who was very friendly for recommendations and she recommended the Hiro's inch of Heaven!! Great choice for a newbie like me. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were perfect!  The lunch salad was good and for the appetizer I got the Karaage (fried chicken) and it was delicious. I was stuffed by the time I left but I will be back again!! Great service during the lunch rush hourDon't know what the big fuss is about, my first time here, and many more to come.
I ordered the vegetable ramen. It was delicious. The right amount of salt, oil, vegetables and other seasonings. The ramen it self was of traditional ramen noodles. Also the ramen was well plated or should I say well bowled? Lol. 
The hostess and waitress are a pair of very attractive Asian ladies. The were very kind and stayed in eyesight if anything was needed. However, they are latently hungry for a tip. Typical for any hostess or waitress in a new restaurant.
5 stars and well earned!We've tried out quite a few ramen places in Philly (Nomnom, Terakawa, etc.), but this is by far our favorite.  My fave is the black pig (burnt garlic oil, mmmMmmMm) with an extra egg, and my husband's is the gates of hell (spicy!).  Both are deeeeeelicious, the broth is incredibly deep and flavorful, the pork just melts in your mouth, egg is perfectly soft-cooked.  We're also a fan of the fried chicken--big pieces that are fried to perfection, yummmm.  Also, Dan, the server, is so incredibly friendly and nice--he's just adorable.
To top it all off, lunch special = $12 for a small salad, small appetizer, and a bowl of ramen--I'm sold!Ramen is solid and location is extra convenient for me (extra star for that). It's tucked away behind Milkboy so it's hard to notice. Very easy to get seating later in evening, which is when I went today. Amazingly good fried karaage chicken which you must get, piping hot and super flavorful with dipping sauce. I've tried almost all the ramen varieties here, usually in take-out form unfortunately, and the Hiro Heaven and Black Pig are my favorites. A bit on the saltier side overall, not a bad thing, just remember to hydrate well :)Great price for the quantity and quality! Looked and tasted really authentic! However I felt like they were a little heavy handed on the soy sauce (maybe because I don't consume salt as much) but other than the food tasted great! I got the lunch combo for $12 and got a good 3 course meal! The salad was delicious and the chicken ramen which unfortunately and to my suprise had more pork than chicken in it but also had lots of different veggies inside (exciting right?!), the gyoza ( pork dumplings) on the other hand was drenched in soy! Would recommend if you like to discover new food! Also service was fast and our waitress was pretty nice!Some restaurants just need to meet a minimum standard of food quality to survive due to their geography.  Hiro Ramen House is one of those restaurants, located near the heart of Philadelphia next to several major academic institutions and hospitals.  Their food is in the $9-$12 range for a bowl of ramen which honestly had some redeeming parts but overarchingly came out to be about average.  I got a "Gates of Hell," which had all the heat and bite of a whimpering pup.  The noodle was miserable and in all likelihood from the corner asian supermarket.  Except for the egg which was very well made, the toppings were similarly lackluster and consisted of bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, and a sprinkle of green onion.  It truly seemed like they were present just for the sake of diversity in the bowl of ramen.  The broth was barely edging over acceptable and didn't have the deep rich flavor that all the top tier places have from simmering pork bones for literally half a day or longer.  The one redeeming factor for this ramen shop was the chasu, which was tender, lightly fatty, and had a strong, satisfying pork flavor.  
Hiro Ramen House is a place you go to after a tiring day of work, when the idea of waiting in line for 2 hours at a restaurant makes you seriously consider just going to sleep hungry.  It gives you food that has the components of ramen, as much as McDonalds gives you food that has the components of burgers.  But heck it feels much better to sit in a place with actual decent decor rather than a fast food restaurant after a long day of work.The king is dead. Long live the king. 
This place used to be my go-to ramen. Now after the newest menu changes, I don't think I can come in good conscience anymore. 
No more happy hour. Except for the boys who came in after me. What what? Server playing favorites??
Major unbundling of ramen contents. If you like egg on your noodles, it's now an add on to ALL ramen. Kind of sad. Spicy is also another add on. It's a touch ridiculous. 
No more employee discount. I can live with that. 
But this place had a special point. A good-great ramen for about $10. Now it's hard to get away with a bill less than 15. The increase is enough to send me to Terakawa Ramen until something changes...Muy rico Lugar, pintoresco y acogedor, el servicio excelente, pedí Inch of heaven y quede encantada!Really solid lunch special for $13 - a ramen, an app, and a salad.
Chicken karaage is great. 
Gates of hell ramen is pretty good too!
One of the few places I've discovered with a groupon that I will happily return to over and over again.Came in here for lunch on a summer Tuesday afternoon with a friend. One table with a couple of friends and someone eating alone. It isn't very big, but set up to give you the same vibe as a ramen bar in Japan.
First starters we ordered the Kaarage chicken. The chicken is fried to a good crisp. The lemon and dipping sauce for the chicken were good, but something is missing from the batter they coat the chicken in before frying it. This appetizer gets a 3.8/5 from me. Not something I would order all the time from here.
For our meal with both ended up getting the Gates of Hell Ramen, which comes with spicy hot chili Berkshire pork broth, cha su, bamboo, and seasoned egg. I have to say the broth is very flavorful. The noodles were perfect. And Oh My God the cha su was cooked perfect. Soft and full of flavor. I was only disappointed that thought it was a large piece, it was thinly slice. One thinly sliced piece for my $10 bowl of noodles. The egg was the definition of what a seasoned egg should be. I give the ramen itself a 4.5/5.
Overall this place has a solid 4 from me. I would definitely come back here again when in this part of the city.So yummy! One of my favorite foods in the world is ramen, but I usually eat the packaged variety. We ordered the lunch special - for $12, you get a house salad, appetizer, and ramen. The house salad had that tasty miso dressing I love. Appetizers I got to try were the gyoza (fried dumpling) and the fried chicken. Both tasted home made and fresh/crisp. For the ramen, we asked for the spiciest dishes. My husband ordered the Gates of Hell and I got the Porfirio (sp?). It looked exactly the same except the Gates of Hell was spicier and the Porfirio had a piece of lemon. We finished off our bowls. Definitely coming back.Stopped in for a late snack and this hit the spot.  We almost didn't find the restaurant as there is not much signage and is small.  They are cash only.  Menu is simple and inexpensive.  Our food came out quick and was very tasty.Great Raman spot. Go there for lunch regularly, there lunch special is great. Salad, small plate and Raman for $13 can't be beat. It's no frills but the quality is there. Simple, quick and the price is rightReally cozy, cute ramen shop - the veggie ramen and fried chicken were delicious! Will definitely be coming back again!One of my boyfriend's favorite places! We both got the lunch special (salad, ramen, small app) for $13. A great deal! He got Hiro's Inch of Heaven and I got the Gates of Hell. Both were wonderful, the broth was delicious. The noodles were well cooked and the karaage was amazing. Portions were perfect, not too much food. We both left satisfied but not too full so we could do some walking after. 
The waitress was very sweet and attentive. Would recommend!Great Ramen.  The pork slices were tender and flavorful, but my absolute favorite is a tie between the broth and the marinated egg.  Very Light delicate broth wonderfully adorned with a marinated halved soft boiled agg.  Tasty and at this point in the year thoroughly appropriate ^-^This hidden Center City (never thought those words could go together) ramen joint beat Terakawa for me. Everytime I go to Terakawa, there's a killer wait. Here, there was no wait and the food arrived almost immediately. The prices are great for Center City (around $10 for ramen, $13 for the lunch special - ramen plus salad plus a side.) The portion may be a bit smaller than Terakawa's, but I prefer the more reasonable size. 
I ordered the Inch of Heaven, which had a shoyu broth base. It was very pleasant and the pork and egg were tender as well. The noodles were well-textured and didn't have the issue of being clumped together. I tried my friend's Gates of Hell, though, which was even better because it had the added complexity of spicy (bone?) broth. 
The waiter was kind enough to keep refilling our water and even my water bottle upon request. The only thing about this place is that it is **cash-only**. Don't forget this. And do check it out.I don't care what the reviewers say, My fiance and I never had a less than stellar meal here.  It's his favorite Ramen in the city, and it's so very hard to pry him away from this option when i want to try other places in the city. 
I absolutely love their crispy chicken app -- as compared to other ramen places i've ordered from recently, their's is by far the best.  Love the dippins for it too.   Even though i know i shouldn't order anything more than a big Ramen bowl,  My fiance and I still have to order the chicken to share, because it's that good.
Our favorites are the gates of hell and the heaven bowls?  I forget.  One is spicy - the hell obviously, and the other not.  They're both so amazing that i can't ever deter myself away from those 2 options and share each bowl.  
I did on the last visit try the chicken and pork  ramen and that was also great.
Service is super nice here too.My favorite ramen place in the city. I'm pretty basic, noodles and broth are really all I need for a good time. The shoyu ramen broth is to die for!!!Came here for a power hour lunch after my sales appointment. Sat down by myself at the bar. It was fun watching the chefs bicker at each other after a miscue of an order that was placed before me. Nothing wrong with a bit of team chemistry flair with my lunch!
But, wow, the chicken shoyu broth was everything I had imagined. Fatty, flavorful and just pure sexy. 
The noodles were cooked just as I wanted. Not overdone, just on the crunchier side. It was only $9 too! But given that I have tried other ramen joints in NYC, this place could compete for a brief moment. Wished they had given me more noodles, but it is what it is for $9. 
Will I come back? HECK YA!I enjoyed my meal here. Had the lunch special which includes a salad, appetizer, and choice of ramen for $13. I thought everything was delish and the service was great. Will definitely return.Just ate the Inch of Heaven in about 3 minutes!!!!! Friegen' Unbelievable!!!
Get here and eat!!!Have been in Philly for over 10 years and watched the ramen shops pop up one by one - this is definitely my favorite place for a hot bowl of noodles.  The Inch of Heaven is rich and flavorful, and has a unique taste that reminds me of ramen I used to eat growing up in Asia.  The lunch special is a great deal, and please do yourself a favor and get the fried chicken because it is perfection (crispy on the outside and tender, juicy inside).Just hype- tastes like any other ramen place. In addition the chicken appetizer everyone keeps raving about is bland with chunks of explosive fat fried in itThis place is always awesome. I highly recommend the Black Pig and the fried chicken. The place is small, but cozy. The decor is nice. The ramen is just amazing.I had always wondered what this place was because from the outside, I just wasn't sure. 
Met up with a friend for dinner and had the fried chicken appetizer to share. She got the inch of heaven and I ordered the gates of hell. 
The gates of hell was delicious and spicy and my friend really enjoyed the inch of heaven. The prices are good (our bill was $27 in total) which I was happy about and the setup of the place is pretty cool. 
I also appreciate the fact that the bathrooms are pretty clean and spacious because I usually hate public restrooms and this one I didn't mind so much.I am extremely picky with ramen (spent some time working in Tokyo and have had ramen across both coasts in California and the east coast) and this was one of the best I've had in Philadelphia. The broth is generally most important to me and it had a depth of flavor that I like. However, it was EXTREMELY salty. I am used to ramen being salty as that is fairly common, but this was pushing it a bit. In addition, the egg yolk wasn't quite as runny as I usually like, really pushing hard-boiled. 
The waitress was very nice. I had the lunch special (ramen + salad + small plate for $13) and it came out in a confusing order (ramen, salad, then the karaage, and with a large amount of time in between each) but it wasn't a big deal to me. It is indeed cash only, but the prices include tax. In addition, I would not come here with more than 4 person groups because the space isn't really set up for large groups.they don´t serve a wide variety of ramens there, so you can just stick to the few options. However, they are pretty decent, and with the affordable price, the ramens are really good. I just wish that the noodle house can serve a bit more kinds of food there, such as desserts.I was in the mood for ramen and was in the area, so I decided to go here. First of all, the exterior of the restaurant makes it seem incredibly mysterious. The name of the restaurant in the front is only written in kanji, with no English letters indicating what the restaurant is. It does cause a lot of people to peer in the window though, so maybe the mysteriousness works for them? Also note, right now they only accept cash and do not do delivery! The interior of the restaurant was clean, cozy, and quite quaint. 
In terms of service, it was fine, no complaints about it. Ramen came out in in a timely manner and the waitress was nice. Although the restaurant was completely devoid of customers at around 5pm, so I wouldn't expect less from the waitress seeing that there was no one else to attend to.
Now to the important part, the food! The menu itself is quite limited at the moment, with only four types of ramen bowls, a few appetizers, and some drinks. I'd note that the pictures of the ramen they use on their menu are probably not pictures they took themselves because the ramen didn't come out with exactly the same toppings as what the picture indicates.... (Like there is corn in the picture, but the actual ramen did not come with corn itself.) 
I got the shoyu (chicken soy) ramen. It comes with one piece of cha-siu, half of an ajitsuke seasoned egg, some bamboo shoots, a piece of seaweed, and of course the noodles. I must say, their ajitsuke egg was seasoned quite good, I thought it was delicious, but unfortunately there was only half of one. The cha-siu was pretty thin and semi tough, not as soft as Japanese cha-siu should be. They also use prepackaged noodles and do not make their own hand drawn ramen, so there isn't anything to rave about for the noodles - they were pretty standard. But I guess for $9, I shouldn't be expecting much or comparing their ramen to places like Ippudo in NYC where it's $17+ per bowl. 
My main qualm with this shoyu ramen is the broth. I found it overly salty, almost to the point where I didn't want to drink any of the broth with the ramen... I'm not sure if this is a consistency issue or how their shoyu broth normally tastes, but I definitely was not a big fan of it and would not eat it again if the taste remains the same. 
Overall, I think Hiro Ramen House definitely has some potential to flourish if they refine their food some. But from the first bowl of ramen I had here, I think for now I prefer the taste of ramen from Ramen Bar near University City over Hiro Ramen House.
TLDR Version: Ramen came out promptly. Ramen bowl itself was overall very average, except for the halved seasoned egg that was really tasty. The shoyu ramen broth was wayyyy too salty which I did not like. Overall this place has potential to grow, but needs to fix some of their menu items.I have been in Philadelphia for a while and I loved Terakawa Ramen so i wanted to see more ramen places in philly. I'm someone who doesn't eat pork so i asked for chicken substitute but they don't carry much chicken substitute which sucks. If you want more chicken options i wouldn't come here. I tried their chicken soy and it was ok; it wasn't the best ramen i ever had but it filled me up. This place is cheap and i ordered a drink and dessert with my ramen and the total came to be $16. I could say it was worth the price, but still not the best. I guess don't go into this restaurant hoping for the best just something cheap and can fill you up.Went to Hiro with my aunt for the first time on a tuesday afternoon. I gotta say, I think I like Hiro more than Terakawa. My aunt and I, both, order Gates of Hell and shared a takoyaki app. The ramen came before the appetizer which I didn't really mind too much but wished it came first cause I was almost done my meal when it came out. You know that feeling you get when you want to eat a certain thing but instead eat something else because it was unavailable at the time. But then after you eat what was available, the item you really wanted becomes available but you don't really want it anymore, (no, just me?) Basically, I forgot about it and so did my appetite.
Back to why I like Hiro better, their broth is better. It's not as fatty and has a better depth of flavor. Their charsu also taste better, sadly they only give you one slice. But better one good piece then 2 mediocre pieces, imo. Gates of Hell isn't that spicy despite the scary name which I was slightly disappointed at. Still good and will order again.
The takoyaki kinda disappointed me because there was only 5 and had a (uncomplimentary) salad mix that had no dressing so I question if it was useless garnish or if I was suppose to eat it together. I was hungry so the latter happened.
The portions are kinda small and it did leave my aunt leaving not really full. I was okay but I would be in the same position if I didn't eat the takoyaki.I think this place serves the best ramen in town.  And their lunch special for $12 is a great deal - a salad, a choice of kara-age/gyoza/edamame, and your choice of ramen.  The chicken broth was nice and light, and their berkshire pork broth was nice and rich.  I heard that it's MSG-free, and if it is, then that would make this place even more special.Simple, no fluff, SOLID food. $13 lunch special: crispy fried chicken app, salad, spicy juicy pork ramen. Everything is MSG free.
Health report and other food safety reviews are concerning though.This is a really good and authentic impression of a Japanese ramen shop! I went with some family and was impressed by both the service and the food. The place is small and unassuming (you might miss it if you aren't careful!), but worth a visit!
We got a couple different kinds of ramen, pretty basic choices but both were very good - perfectly cooked noodles and excellent broth. The takoyaki was flavorful and fresh, and edamame, though not my favorite, got rave reviews from the rest of my family.Very chill place to grab a quick ramen bowl. The interior is definitely reminiscent of ramen shops I grew up visiting. Located super close to city hall and Jefferson, it's super accessible. That said, it's $10 for the average ramen bowl - kind of pricey for it's small portion. Extra toppings are $3 each (like the 4 slices of naruto in my photo). Also, it's cash only, so don't forget to visit the ATM if you don't usually carry cash.
Can't give Hiro full stars, but I wouldn't mind going back if I'm in the area.If you want affordable, good ramen, Hiro Ramen House is the place to go.
The portions are not bad, not too small, not too big. 
Went here with my friend, we started with an appetizer: Karaage Fried Chicken **must get**
Thought the chicken is going to be dry, but nope. It was juicy and this was a huge plus. 
As for the ramen, I got the Hiro Inch of Heaven, while he got the Portfilio. 
The Inch of Heaven, similiar to tonkotsu ramen, is definitely a must try for anybody. Aesthetic-wise was a plus, and the filling was just right.  Similarly, the Portfilio was astonishingly great, described by my friend. 
Definitely coming to this place again in the future !Tried their Pig and Miso Ramen for only 10 bucks. Sooo delish and perfect for the cold months! They don't use salt and MSG yet it is soooo tasty. The pork was juicy and tender. Waiter was very nice and friendly! Love the experience.Hiro is by FAR the best spot for Ramen in Philadelphia!
The various kinds of broth are all fantastic!
The eggs are perfect!
The pork is delicious!
Priced better than most of the places in Philly, the lunch special is a great deal!
Go here. Spread the word. This is the hot spot!!!Cozy place with great gyoza and ramen (gates of hell). Would surely go back to try the fried chicken and other ramen.
FYI, BYOB and Cash only.
Highly recommendedI live literally a block away and love coming to this place. I would highly suggest this place over other places like Ramen Bar and Terakawa Ramen (Not that those places are necessarily bad). I love the Hiro's Inch of Heaven (soy sauce broth w/ pork belly) and the Gates of Hell (great 
 for clearing your sinuses).  
Pro-tip:
-Cash only (atm inside)
-BYOBDisappointed. My husband and I got there at exactly 9:30 on Saturday night and they turned us down telling us that they were "out of noodles". Yea, sure. Don't advertise that your business closes at 10 when clearly you're not. Wasted time and gas.Hiro Ramen House is a hidden ramen gem in Center City. I go the lunch special which got me a salad, a small appetizer and a bowl of delicious and scrumptious ramen for $13! What a deal!  This delightful Ramen house is intimate, cozy, and it transports you into what feels like a wooden den in the middle of Japan. Im a big fan and recommend it if youre looking for some traditional Ramen where you can bring some of your own booze! (BTW ITS CASH ONLY!)
And now, the FAPS breakdown:
Food - Food was spectacular. I had the inch of heaven ramen, with a small side salad and edamame. Salad and edamame were pretty standard and tasted pretty awesome. The Inch of heaven ramen was supreme! The broth had excellent flavor and felt a little thicker to other Ramens Ive had. The pork was crispy, rich and mixed well with the ramen.
Ambiance - Theres no real sign in front of this place and I didnt even realize it was a restaurant until recently. Located next to milkboy, this small establishment is for some casual intimate dining and honestly wouldnt recommend more than four of you going at a time. It has beautiful wood surrounding the restaurant and seating at the bar and a few tables. They make good use of the small space and the decor is very well done!
Price - $$ - each bowel of ramen was 10 bucks and the appetizers were about 5 bucks. I felt pretty full after the meal, but not overly so. As with many Japanese restaurants, they did a solid job with portion control and gave me just enough to comfortable. The real steal is in the lunch special if you can make it! Just a heads up, its CASH ONLY. 
Service - The waitress was on the ball, even as the restaurant slowly drew in the lunch crowd, she was more than experienced to handle the different orders being thrown at her.This is the best Japanese ramen house I ever been to in America. The ramen soup is really flavorful. My favorite is the Gates of Hell. If you like spicy food, you will like it for sure. I recommend this ramen place to all of my friends ever since my first time visit. If I live in Philadelphia, I'm sure I would become a usual customer.I eat at Hiro about once every two weeks and the ramen is amazing.  I always order the black pig and it never disappoints.  Best ramen joint in Philadelphia in my opinion.Having lived in NY for a while and having Ippudo as my standard in Japanese ramen, I was doubtful yet hopeful in finding a solid ramen place in Philly. 
Hiro Ramen happened to be just down the street from my apartment so ideal location in midtown village. My husband and I have been to Ramen bar (our top place prior to Hiro), Cheu Noodle Bar (ramen - bad, but small plates good), Nom Nom (solid, good ramen), so here's our assessment of Hiro:
Ramen: Spicy Miso and Spicy Tonkasu
- Broth - flavorful, just spicy enough, and rich. Prefer the Miso broth over Tonkasu
- Noodles - chewy, slightly al dente than ramen that i've had in other ramen places, but good. Quantity-wise, they give you a healthy, hearty portion of noodles
- Toppings - more provincial and simple than other ramen house but yummy and fits well with the broth. Spicy Miso even comes with sweet corn and mixed greens, 2 toppings that I haven't encountered with Ramen yet. There's a list of add-in topping as well from extra pork, egg, etc
Side Plates:
- Takoyaki - delicious, flavorful, perfect amount of sauces and seasoning
- Pork Gyoza: plump and yummy, but not a big fan of the lemon over it
Overall:
Really hearty, flavorful, satisfying ramen that rivals Ramen bar or Nom Nom -- we think the broth kicks both their butts but slightly prefer the noodles at Ramen bar more. It's our go-to ramen spot now so YOU MUST CHECK IT OUT!
NOTE:
- Cash Only
- BYOB (but you can a free beer or sake serving with an order of a side plate (great deal/idea)Tiny authentic place with decent bowl of ramen, but the tonkotsu broth didn't quite have the depth of flavor needed for a memorable ramen, the slice of pork belly should have been a bit more tender, and some of the noodles were clumped.  Good service and fairly priced ($10 for a bowl), but we will stick with Nom Nom when we need a ramen fix in the area.Awesome ramen place. Went there on a Saturday afternoon with high expectations after reading the ramen road article in the Philly inquirer. Service was quick and polite. Restaurant was clean. Food was tasty and cheap. Short and simple review. Expectations met. Will be coming here again.Enjoyed the gates of hell ramen.  I definitely agree with a previous reviewer that the ramen broth is less thicker than Terakawa ramen in Chinatown.  It is on the pricier side but wouldn't mind going back!If you are a true foodie, you would not like the ramen here. The quality of the noodle is comparable to instant ramen. The noodle is not fresh or hand drawn. The egg looks day old. Though I must say the service is good. They are very quick preparing the food. I must say that I would not pay more than $5 for a bowl of noodles. The gyoza is excellent. You may want to get two orders (gyoza) because the proportion is very small. I would go back just for the appetizer. Definitely pass on the ramen though. It does not matter how good the broth is when the ramen is sub par!!Had the Potstickers, Gates of Hell ramen. It was really tasty. The flavors were sublime. Highly recommend this everyone.I wanted something spicy,  so I tried the gates of hell.  It was not spicy at all but the broth and noodles were good.   I also had the side of the fried chicken.   Such a great deal for only $13.Wow, best ramen soup I've had in a long time. The lunch special is a great deal: fried chicken or gyoza appetizer, salad and ramen bowl for $13. Cash only. Great wait staff!Will be hard to find competition! Very good! Probably 5-8 options but plenty of additions to spice things up! $10 bowl. Easy 4 stars. byob.About time!  I'm a noodle and dumpling freak.  Fresh noodles and belly/heart warming broth that will soothe the soul... Short menu but excited to see how they will expand and offer more selection!!! Basic ramen is one of the best I've had. 10000000000x better than instant.Hidden gem. I live around the corner and didn't even realize it was here because it doesn't look like much from the entrance, but great ramen, great atmosphere, and great service!Cash only at least when I went. They have a range of ramen dishes. The burnt scallions (deliberately so) are a nice combo with their soft boiled (also deliberately) egg. 
The noodles are al dente or as I call them "awesome". Only seats about 20 or so people with picnic style benches. 
Quick service. And noodles. Both good.Place was great the chicken karragae was cheap and plentiful. The gates of hell Ramen was superb. However the Gyoza was less than average and the fact they don't accept cash was bogus but because of how good the food was definitely bring cash and be coming again.This place is a gem. Delicious and affordable - what more do you need.
Ramen was excellent (thick and robust broths, flavorful meat) and priced on the cheaper end for the quality you get ($10-12ish). We also got karaage, which was a perfect balance of fried batter and juicy chicken meat. With a squeeze of lemon... so so good. 
Some things to note:
- cash only (ATM inside)
- possibly on the smaller side in terms of seating capacity
Can't wait to come back!The miso ramen was delicious and creamy. The tonkatsu ramen was good but had more of a pork soup base. The waiter was friendly and the service was quick! I would definitely go back.Anyone who gives Hiro less than 5 stars is playing themselves--and you as a yelp reader.
Their ramen is super good. Like really damn good. Prices are fair for what you get. Not cheap, but not super taxed. Fair.
They have the cool asian soda's with the ball that make it fizz up all crazy, and taste like a better version of sprite. Not sure the name of the brand, but I love those damn soda's. Perfect with the ramen.
Only downside is cash only. But get your bands up, and bring $15 and eat like a king.We were starving and really looking forward to trying Hiro.  
Turned out to be disappointing and simply bad.  
Both Miso and Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen broths were bland and lacking depth.  Where is the cloudy, developed broth that we were craving for? The Spicy broth was the worse of the two we ordered.  Tasted like hot oil was mixed in at the last minute and not the spicy, rich, porky bowl of goodness that it was supposed to be. Perhaps the owners should take a field trip to NYC to get some tips at Minca, Ippudo or Totto Ramen.   
The Gyoza was awful.  Poorly executed, not even the slightest crisp to the bottom of the Gyoza.   Skin was rubbery and inedible instead... hopefully not what the chef intended and just a bad day.  We had a gyoza each and couldn't even finish the remaining ones.  
Zero Stars for the food but 1 star for the server who was friendly and had a great smile.The 2nd best ramen in the city.*
*See Cheu NoodleKey Word - Underwhelming.
Friends raved about this place so I thought I would check it out.
However I still can not fathom what the big deal is.
1. The menu needs some working out - or something. 
2. The food is OK. Nothing exciting. 
3. People were raving about this place but alas - I fail to see it or in fact to taste it
I would have to say take a pass and go elsewhere. 
Bathrooms were clean.still amazing!
the pig and miso ramen is my fave bc its closest to the "traditional" ramen with pork based tonkotsu flavor plus miso. 
if you have the chance to go for lunch, they have a great special - instead of $10-12 for a bowl of ramen, for $13 you get a house salad, an appetizer like fried chicken or gyoza (dumplings), and a bowl of ramen! got it today, it was great :)i love ramen, and this place specializes in ramen. 
i used to go to nom nom ramen when i lived over near rittenhouse sq, but this is my new fave place. its delicious! 
ive gone 3 times and liked it each time. 
very nice people overall.
planning on going again this week :)$10 for a bowl of ramen but not many toppings. I got Pig and Miso and there was one thin slice of chashu and some veggies. The flavors were great though, and the service was very fast. I came in during weekday lunch it was easy to find a spot. Cash only but they have ATM. Overall the value is about the same as other ramen places because the quantity is small but I would definitely come here again.Very nice ambiance. Excellent ramen noodle. Gate of hell ramen noodle has a real kick to it!The exterior has boarded windows, a small curtain with Japanese characters, and a neon "open" sign. Not much too look at but it's like a ramen speakeasy!
Inside is a comfortable environment with small tables and bar seating. No frills, just a nice friendly place to sit with friends and enjoy good ramen.
I had the "1 inch of Heaven" --a pork tonkatsu based broth with all the trimmings. It was rich and flavorful and the noodles were perfect! Gyoza was fresh and well prepared. 
Great for kids and small groups, quick and courteous service.Stopped by for an early dinner and was relatively happy.  Things were quiet in the small space, and we enjoyed the "Whole Inch of Happiness" and the "Black Pig" bowls.  Happiness was a little sad--not quite hot enough, and the soft-boiled egg was a nice idea, but soaked a little too long in broth.  The Black Pig was better, hotter, and the roast pork swirl on top was excellent--just right in its texture and flavor.  Staff were friendly and prompt.Just had the Portfilio Ramen and Gyoza.  Very flavorful rich broth.  Pork and egg were done perfectly.  Great flavor...ramen 5 stars, dumpling 4 stars.  Great service and easy to get in, eat, and get out.  Quieter restaurant- good for conversation.  Overall an enjoyable food experience.I ordered Gates to Hell and it was great! My friends and I really enjoyed and I really want to give 5 stars for the noodles here! BUT the waitress girl was not behaving in a professional manner, and destroyed our happiness dining here.
When I ask if we could pay together with one card, she said they only accept cash indifferently. That's ok, but when we paid the noodles (pay for food first then pay the tip), she thought we didn't pay enough tips and came back requiring us to pay at least 15% to 20% tip. The way she said was rude, and inappropriate, and deserved no tips. We eventually paid her the amount she wants, but we are not coming back again, even if we really like the noodle here. We don't want to pay for any unpleasure.Came here after a friend sent me a daily meal article ranking the restaurant as #9 best in the states. I'm not a ramen aficionado or expert but I've tried ramen in NYC, Cali, NJ, and even Japan. After trying the Gates of Hell ramen today, I can understand why it deserved a spot on that list. I got the lunch special for $13 which included the ramen, salad, and fried chicken (3 good pieces). Two friends and I asked for our ramen to be extra spicy and it came out with a good kick.....loved the rich, flavorful broth and especially how it was NOT salty. Too bad there was only one slice of pork. However, this lunch menu did fill me up pretty well. I prefer my noodles molto al dente (a bit undercooked) but these noodle were okay....as long as it wasn't soggy. So far, based on the flavors I love the ramen here.
There were about 6 tables...possibly 3 of which could sit four. Then about another 10 seats at the bar. Pretty small place and only one waiter...the owner. As everyone noted, the service is rather slow but the food is worth it. We came at noon Friday and total time from being seated to getting the check was about 45 mins...not bad at all. First experience was great....I shall be back to try the rest of the menu.Unpretentious, good ramen, efficient service.  Note that although they have photos of the (empty, I discovered) sake and sochu bottles that line the bar, they do not serve alcohol.An authentic Tokyo-style shoyu ramen tucked away in Center City. Flavorful shoyu broth actually tastes like it was prepared in-house, rather than diluted and prepared as an afterthought. Slightly oily, but a good signifier that it didn't come out of a bottle or a packet. Blowtorched pork belly was terrific, and well worth ordering another slice for $2. Menma was Japanese-style; snappy, with none of the soggy over-soak that one finds in Chinese restaurant-supply menma. Noodles were outsourced, but cooked al dente. Egg was not half-cooked, which was probably the only regrettable point of the bowl.
Atmosphere is also very Japanese style, with a number of counter seats and cash-only. No ticket machines. Owner is Chinese but intent on replicating an authentic Japanese ramen experience. Chef is Laotian, but my compliments to her.  The prices are also really impressively affordable--a really nice surprise.  
Now that they've proven themselves with the shoyu, I'm ready to try their tonkotsu-shoyu next time.Great restaurant. Excellent service and delicious ramen. Will visit again when I'm in town. Didn't get her name unfortunately. We were there for early dinner yesterday around 4:30pm and the waitress was very friendly and attentive. Thank you :)This is a small place with a simple menu that serves ramen for a decent price.  We were the only people in the restaurant during prime lunch hours and got served very quickly.  I got the tonkatsu broth, with extra pork and egg.  The pork was excellent - really fatty the way I like it and the broth was one of the more flavorful and delicious I have tasted.  The portion size was perfect - I was full and satisfied but not exploding by the time I finished. 
Noodle snob boyfriend now rates this a close second to Toki Underground in DC and I agree.  Toki Underground has a funkier atmosphere and more menu items/topping choices.  Other than that the ramens were pretty much equally good.  I think this is better than the other place I have been to in Philadelphia as well.
Great choice for lunch!The menu has changed, I don't really like it, they renamed everything and not correctly. The food still tastes great, and staff are great too. The mayo sauce for the kaarage has way too much garlic. Love the pork ramen!***** THE ONE THING THAT /REALLY/ BOTHERED ME ABOUT THIS PLACE IS THAT IT IS CASH ONLY AND THE ATM IN THE STORE CHARGES A $2.50 FEE BUT THERE IS A TD BANK AROUND THE CORNER. THEY ALSO DO NOT HAVE LEGITIMATE RECEIPTS, ITS JUST WRITTEN ON PAPER!!!
WITH THAT BEING SAID.......
REALLY ENJOYED THE RAMEN HERE !!!!!! I honestly thought it was the best I've had in philly so far, and I've been to most of them in center city.
I ordered the gates of hell (at normal spice) and the seaweed salad. For 5 bucks, the seaweed salad has A LOT. However, didn't find it too fresh so I didn't really enjoy it. 
The Gates of hell ramen was SO GOOD. If you like REALLY thick broth, this isn't the place for you. However, I enjoyed it a lot because the broth was SO flavorful but not super thick and heavy that I felt painfully full at the end as I normally do with ramen. This broth is actually spicy too!!!!! And you will need to drink water. The taste is really really good though and I highly recommend it!I would say the place is nice and it's bigger than Nom Nom. Food wasn't bad But..........................................
This wasn't the best Ramen shop.
My complaint is that The Ramens don't come with all the vegetables and herbs, and it doesn't come with the Naruto. If you want additional ingredients like that, you have to pay $1 each. So you end up paying around 14 dollars. 
At Nom Nom, the Ramens already come with everything even the Naruto. You would only have to pay 89 cents for a boiled egg. So with Nom Nom you only pay $7-9 for a Regular sized bowl which is very large. You get more for your money. So yes Nom Nom is way cheaper than this place. 
Utensils: You get a nice spoon, but wooden throwaway chop sticks. With Nom Nom you get fancier Utensils. Not that it was a huge issue. 
Also didn't feel that comfortable there. Like I feel like I couldn't read my book as  I was eating. 
Not a fan of this place. Nom Nom all hands down. 
And to those who said Hiro Ramen place is cheaper is lying.The karaage is really, really excellent! Worth a visit alone. The portfolio ramen was great and the chashu pork was perfectly tender and fatty. The takoyaki was also great. New favorite ramen place in Philly, overall.came here for lunch couple times recently and thought it was an alright spot~  the lunch special which is $13 for a side salad, small app, and the ramen of your choice is not bad since the price is tax included.  i'm particularly a fan of their fried chicken! nicely seasoned with crispy goodness!
the ramen at hiro, i feel like, is a hit or miss.  i've only ordered the gates of hell and last time i got it, the ramen was barely edible with the amount of pepper/chili oil in the broth! since my coworker and i were in a rush to get back to the office, i opted to not speak up... but i was quite disappointed tbh as the spice was so potent, i had one sniff and it gave my eyes and nose a burning sensation.  it was very uncomfortable trying to eat that knowing it was an excessive amount of pepper.
also, the service can be quite slow.  i know others who like to visit Hiro during their lunch hr too.  most people do not have the luxury of waiting around just to be seated (when there are empty chairs) and sometimes getting the check itself can take some time.. not really fond of the service here but i believe they're just very short staffed.
so if you're in the area, try it if it interests you.  unfortunately, i would rather stop by liberty place for food court ramen.  at least, i wouldn't have to wait 15 mins to get seated.***** THE ONE THING THAT /REALLY/ BOTHERED ME ABOUT THIS PLACE IS THAT IT IS CASH ONLY AND THE ATM IN THE STORE CHARGES A $2.50 FEE BUT THERE IS A TD BANK AROUND THE CORNER. THEY ALSO DO NOT HAVE LEGITIMATE RECEIPTS, ITS JUST WRITTEN ON PAPER!!!
WITH THAT BEING SAID.......
REALLY ENJOYED THE RAMEN HERE !!!!!! I honestly thought it was the best I've had in philly so far, and I've been to most of them in center city.
I ordered the gates of hell (at normal spice) and the seaweed salad. For 5 bucks, the seaweed salad has A LOT. However, didn't find it too fresh so I didn't really enjoy it. 
The Gates of hell ramen was SO GOOD. If you like REALLY thick broth, this isn't the place for you. However, I enjoyed it a lot because the broth was SO flavorful but not super thick and heavy that I felt painfully full at the end as I normally do with ramen. This broth is actually spicy too!!!!! And you will need to drink water. The taste is really really good though and I highly recommend it! It's a bit salty, but still worth it.
They also have a lunch special which includes any ramen, house salad and appetizer (gyoza or karaage).My number 1 Ramen house in Philly. well priced, and a great bowl of Ramen. Cash Only, but worth it.They made some changes and I'm liking them so far. The happy hour appears gone for good, but so be it. 
That said, a lot of the problems from last time seem resolved - no more unbundling of a bowl of ramen, etc. 
Lunch special of adding an app with a bowl is great - you're getting good value to help fill up if that bowl of goodness isn't quite enough...Their food is very delicious, but the server is terrible. 
We waited for a long time. There was a table placed their order after us and they got their food much faster than us. I saw we ordered the similar food. We are a party of two, not a big party. 
We waited for a while to get the check, at the same time I saw the server was texting and just standing there, i waved to her, I don't know if she was ignoring us or not.Good service. Food was great. Very authentic. Better than any other ramen place I've tried in philly. I will definitely come back here.Love this place. Affordable, delicious and always fulfilling. I try to make it here once per week if not more.Great food and nice people. Maybe not the most original ramen, but who cares! It tasted great and it was not too expensive. I also really appreciated the updated decor. We did a carry out order, it was quick and they offered us water while we waited. The miso dashi was yummy!so I forgot to add an updated review. I liked Hiro but I would probably only go back if Nom Nom was on their two hour break. I may be biased, but Nom Nom is better. The broth was kind of milky in color and taste. It was really good but milky. I got a bowl called Hell something. The name slips me... either way it wasn't at all spicy. If the word "Hell" is in the name of a food item, it needs to be spicy and hot. The chicken was weird. That's my fault however because I HATE boneless chicken.Solid ramen spot in Philly. I came here for an early dinner as a party of three and was met with quick and friendly service. Granted, we were initially the only customers in the restaurant, but nevertheless, we got our food pretty quickly. I tried the Hiro inch of heaven and thought it was great - the broth was flavorful and the rest of the ingredients seemed to blend really well together (to the point where I wasn't really focused one individual ingredient over another. 
I liked the vibe of Hiro - pretty low-key (hard a little bit of a hard time figuring out whether the restaurant was actually Hiro in the beginning) and felt like a hole-in-the-wall while still looking clean! This place is cash only, but this shouldn't be a huge deal because the ramen is all decently priced anyways. I would definitely recommend a visit here!Best bowl of ramen in Philly.
The ramen noodles are solid and the broth is tasty.  The char siu pork is tender and the fixings are always top notch.
The kara-age fried chicken is so good to start, a decent Philly size portion too.
Love, love, love this place!!!One of my new favorite spots in Philly.  They have a limited, straightforward but diverse menu-- something I think more restaurants in this city should consider-- and everything my boyfriend and I had was seriously good.  We tried the fried chicken, dumplings, the house ramen, and the spicy ramen.  All of that with two salads totaled just $12 each for the lunch special!  It's a cozy little spot with simple decor and a friendly staff.  Our server said they were recently under new management and if that's the case, I recommend a return trip to folks who had a poor experience.  We really enjoyed ourselves and are already making plans to bring friends.  Highly recommend!i don't know why this place has mediocre reviews on yelp, honestly.  i've been here for about a half dozen times (albeit for lunch) and the food & service has always been solid.   their lunch special for $13 is fantastic, and i always chose their fried chicken appetizer which is included.   the place is cozy and we always look forward to coming here on a cold day.  i seriously don't understand the hype at Cheu.   this place is 10x better and deserves the love.They do have a really traditional Japanese declaration. Also I like the food with good price!I went in on Tuesday for lunch. The waitress was great. Food was delicious and fast. I would definitively come back again.The restaurant is an authentic hole-in-the-wall ramen place. The ramen broth was delicious and flavorful and worth every penny! The pork was cooked perfectly and the gyozas felt very handmade and not at all like the frozen store bought ones that can be found in other restaurants. We really enjoyed our meal here!Best Ramen I've had in Philly so far. The pork belly was on point and my family and friends all got different kinds of broth and I didn't hear one complaint. The staff was nice and the plates were awesome ceramic. It is BYOB AS WELL. BOOMFood was impeccable, service was delightful. Thank you Alan Ngo for our wonderful experience.This place has a great lunch deal. Not as good as Nom Nom IMO, but still good stuff.Love love love their new menu! a serious improvement since the last time I came years ago. Gates of hell was so good and their karaage chicken is a huge portion. Sad that their cash only but still so worth it if you can find parking.Cash only. Go to ramen spot for lunch. 13 dollars gets you a side salad and small app with your ramen, super filling. Apps aside from the salad tend to come out after your ramen, so if you like your appetizers before your meal keep that in mind.I really don't get the seeming underappreciation of Hiro. Maybe it's its kind of nondescript storefront, or its location on a not-so-happening block of Chestnut St. In any case, I've been to all of the hyped, 5-star, long wait ramen places both in NYC and Philly, and I think Hiro's Black Pig ramen is my favorite ever. I've been there at least four times over the past few months, and it has yet to disappoint. 
To be fair, I haven't tried any of their other ramen---the Black Pig is just too good. Part of the reason is their absolutely incredible Berkshire chashu. It's the best I've ever had. Their broth is flavorful and rich, but not as heavy as some other places. Their marinated egg is worth the extra cost---always perfectly cooked. Their noodles are wavy, nice and firm. Seriously, the black pig is awesome. 
Their appetizers are good too; of note are the gyoza and tako yaki. 
The decor is nothing special, but the service is good. I think we've had the same server every time---Dan, I think. He's great, friendly and attentive. 
We've never had a wait, although we usually go on weekdays. Other things to note: BYOB and cash only. 
Hiro deserves much more than its current 3.5 stars; in my mind, it's certainly the best in Philly, and like I said, the Black Pig is my favorite ramen I've had anywhere. Do yourself a favor and go here.Back for a second taste, and Hiro has redeemed itself! Had the Gates of Hell ramen this time, and it was absolutely delicious. Noodles were the perfect consistency; the broth was spicy, but not too spicy; and the pork... the pork... I know I complained about it last time, and it was pretty tough back then. But this time, it was fall apart in your chopsticks tender and delicious. I don't know if I hit them on a bad day the last time, or if they changed their cooking method, and I really don't care. It was awesome this time and I'll be going back.
Service was also exceptional. Daniel was working tables this time, and his attitude and service were second to none.  I'm giving five stars this time... overlooking the fact that it's cash only and a minor inconvenience.
Well done, Hiro! See you soon!Been here a few times now for lunch, and have never found it crowded, although it is a small space. Love the Ramen. Service has always been quick and courteous.I am not sure why this place is so highly rated. The food is fine but it almost seems like some reviewers have not had real Japanese Ramen before. 
Food: 3/5. The broth wasn't really flavorful or had the deep flavors you expect. It was also a little salty.
Service: 5/5. The server is outstanding!
Honestly the place should be 3.5 stars. I would not go back as the food just isn't that good. 
Note - its cash only.Great ramen... The "gates of hell" ramen was tasty and very spicy. The pork was delicious and had a unique bbqish flavor to it... and it was so tender and melted in my mouth.  The ramen noodles are thinner than what I am used to but they are still very good.  Happy to have stumbled upon this place and would definitely visit again... just need to remember to bring cash!This place is so so. Soup is the most important thing for ramen but they pretty much did a bad job. It is like MSG soup and really oily and salty. Noodle itself is just okay. I give two stars bz they are just opened and I will give a shot later after a few months... by that time this place is still the same I don't think I will be back here again..I had the chicken shoyu ramen. I thought the soup was pretty good. It had the right chicken broth flavor. I get it that other reviewers were saying it is salty. Eating with the noodle, I liked it. But soup itself was a little salty.  I liked the noodle also, matched very well with the soup. The person making the ramen wasn't moving so quickly so I was worried the noodles would become a little soft but it was fine.  The chashu looked good, but it was bland.  
Overall I would give it 3.5 stars.Upon trying every ramen place in Philly, my boyfriend and I both agree that this is the best ramen in the city.  We have been here twice on Saturday afternoons, and they have a great lunch special.  Add $3 to whatever ramen you order, and you get an appetizer and salad.  We left both times soooo full!  I think it says something when you go to a ramen place and people who are Japanese actually go there, which actually seems to be their main clientele.  The broth is definitely the most complex and thought out in the city...they clearly took a lot of time, effort, and thought to make this stuff.  The noodles are tasty.  For the app, I recommend the fried chicken, which are little greasy nuggets with a lemon flavoring in a light crunch breading.  The salad is fresh, made with spring mix that comes out in a beautiful arrangement of shredded carrots and crispy noodles.  I'm surprised that reviewers on Yelp rated this place so low, especially compared to Cheu right around the block (bland, overpriced yuck that tastes half a step above $ .49 instant noodles!).This place is amazing!  Great good and has the feel of an Izakaya like you'd find in Japan. The food also tastes just like I remember from Japan.  Huge ramen bowls at an affordable price! The staff here is also very friendly and amazing.  I'll absolutely be back and will tell everyone about this gemI have been trying really hard to find ramen since moving to Philly that is *good*, but it is not meant to be. The bowl that they serve you is not very big and costs ~$10 (lunch special is $13 with a salad and appetizer). This is more expensive than it should be, especially for the quality. The noodles are cooked perfectly, thankfully, but both the broth and the egg are a bit bland. The pork chashu was melt-in-your-mouth flavorful both times that I was there and, strangely, the bamboo shoots were perfectly cooked. The service was a mixed bag: the second time I was there, my waitress had this sad, strained look on her face and kept telling me "sorry" when my appetizer failed to appear for half an hour after my ramen! (Apparently, they 'screwed it up' the first time and had to recook the gyoza - which were still burnt when I got them. Good on the waitress for taking $1 off my bill, bad on the cooks for spending half an hour failing to cook gyoza properly). 
I might return given the paucity of good ramen options in Philadelphia - it is not straight up BAD or ludicrously overpriced like many other places - but it is not something I would recommend to anyone either.A friend and I stopped into Hiro for a quick bite to eat after work.  We both ordered the Kim Chi and a bowl of the vegetable ramen.  The Kim Chi was delicious, some of the best I've had in that area.  The veggie ramen was pretty good.  The broth was completely different than any other ramen broth I've had-which is not to say it's bad, but it seemed more of a bullion consistency than anything else.  It wasn't too salty.  The pork was a bit chewy, but I think they'll remedy this in the future, and I'm definitely willing to go back for a second try.  The noodles and egg were tasty.
The staff was very friendly, the atmosphere is great, and I like the design of the restaurant.
I'll definitely be back.Such great ramen- perfectly Al dente and the Gates of Hell bowl was awesomely tasteful and spicy! Even made this spice loving Korean's nose run! So good. If you don't want it too hot just order a regular and add a fire bomb for $1 or just add the nanami togarashi that is on the table. Great value with lunch special- salad, ramen and a choice of three appetizers. Thank goodness since they ONLY TAKE CASH. Would have given more stars if it weren't so hot in the restaurant but it's probably because it's so small, and the menu is limited- but some would call that focused for a purpose of excellent food. Shout out to Dan- waiter extraordinaire! He took it from 3.5 stars to 4! Great and quick! This is not your instant ramen!!They have really good kara-age(fried chicken) and really good Ramen. I've tried all of the different types of ramen they have. The chicken broth is better than the pork in my opinion. The portion is pretty generous and the price is not too bad!
Con: cash only and not too much space for dining.I know nothing about Ramen except the commercials I see on TV. While I have eaten in very interesting restaurants in Japan, I have not experienced any in Philadelphia.  Does Philadelphia even have a Japanese community?  This leads me to ask if Hiro Ramen has a Japanese owner.  When I see the two Latino cooks behind the bar, the question takes on another dimension. But do not think that I am being negative about the food or the service. Hiro Ramen is very small. The space is certainly a recreation of the tiny eating places that I enjoyed in Japan: the bar is to one side with the kitchen just beyond, a single row of tables to the other. You sit on a stool. There is no back to your seat.
You should also know that ramen is served in a deep bowl. On your table you will find a ladle and a pair of chopsticks.  The ladle is rather big. It serves as a spoon and as a mini-bowl in which to gather the elements of your ramen with your chopsticks. Now, here is a curiosity.  According to Bee Wilson in her excellent "Consider the Fork," the wood chopsticks that you pull apart may very well come from America. They may have been made in Georgia. Wilson also notes that for an Asian to use someone else's chopsticks is worse than wearing the underwear of another person. When you think about it, there is something compelling. Why am I putting in my mouth an instrument that has been in the mouth of another? Would I use your toothbrush, even if it has been cleaned?
Since we had no idea of anything on the menu we put ourselves in the hands of our most affable server. Under her guidance we had three very different soups. Because Hiro Ramen has, without question, the worst and least maintained website of any restaurant I know, I cannot offer the exact names of our selections. I can say that each soup was exceptional.  We also had two side dishes: seaweed and octopus. Here again, I don't know the menu name but each was a delight. The seaweed tasted sweet with that toasty over-taste of sesame. The octopus was a kind of fritter with an interior sauce that melted in a savory delight.
Our server helped us most happily. The food was excellent, although I will say that for me, a soup is better for lunch than for dinner. The only drawback to Hiro Ramen is their website with an incorrect phone number and almost no useful information. Although if you look on Yelp or Menupages you can find the correct information.The ramen taste alright but the meat portion isn't quite that much. I most likely would choose terakawa ramen because u can choose any size, plus it cost less than here. But I do like hiro's takoyaki because they have more octopus in it and it's slightly bigger than terakawa.It is small and you would never notice it unless you were looking for it. The atmosphere is great and the music was very eclectic! I got Gates of Hell based on a bunch of reviews. It was so good and not too spicy. The waitress was very helpful if we had any questions about the menu!I used to like this place when they used to serve more interesting appetizers like the seasoned raw octopus. No longer do they have such delicacies in their menu and that makes me cry a little bit inside. Their ramen is comparable with other places in the city but not mind blowing.very good food, but service is very  slow. Taking forever for the water refill napkins and checks!! I will come back to try again, hope they will pick up on this part!I have walked past this place for 2 years! I had no idea that it was a ramen restaurant. I was craving it for lunch the other day and searched places, hoping one was close to my office. To my surprise, the non-descript place I had been walking past was a ramen gem this entire time! 
I went for lunch with a co-worker, they have a lunch special for $13 it comes with salad, a small appetizer, and ramen. They have over 10 different kinds of Ramen you could get, I opted for the original, but have my eyes set on some others I want to try.  The ramen came out before the salad and appetizer, which by the time  I finished, I didn't need the salad or app anymore. 
The restaurant is small, and CASH ONLY.
I will be back for sure!this place just opened up 2 weeks ago.  got all 3 of their ramens: veggie, hiro, and chicken.
hiro ramen had the best tasting broth and it wasnt as salty as the other two.  could totally taste fish.
chicken ramen was salty but broth was subtle in flavor.
veggie ramen was straight up salt! waaay too much NaCl for my taste.  spring mix thrown on top was a bit off for me as well.  liked the corn and bamboo shoots, but $9 for that was not worth it.
noodles overall had a good consistency: had a good chew.  
coming from LA, ive had much better and flavorful ramen.
service was very nice and talkative, just because i think they want feedback and for people to come back.I'm not sure how I feel about this place after going last night because I got sick right after I got home and had the Porfilio ramen. 
It isn't the first time I've had the Porfilio and got sick when I got home so I had wanted to go again last night to confirm that that was the reason and not because I was eating anything else bad. 
An article on Philly magazine said that over the summer this place shut down temporarily due to the health inspectors finding dead and live cockroaches all over the back of house of this place. Apparently they passed another inspection because they opened a couple of days after that article was published. However, that was only one of numerous violations. 
I think what it adds up to is how cheaply the place is run. I have never had a problem with the food and I have always gotten the Porfilio but everything else is a turn off. They only give you one napkin, the chopsticks are disposable, and there is usually only one waiter so on a busy night he or she is running around like a chicken with its head cut off. You will not get a water refill after the waiter sets the glass down on your table. Also, the receipt is handwritten and this place is cash only - so of course it will take forever for the waiter to get you change if needed, so you will always end up under or over-tipping.This place offered great food at excellent prices. Since it is BYOB, it is a perfect spot for a cheap date before you hit center city proper. The staff was very genial.Came here with a friend that I was catching up with. Menu is pretty simple, broken down into appetizers (small plates) and ramen (main course). I ended up going with the Gates of Hell, which had the chili oil sauce embedded within the tonkotsu broth. I will say that the broth is definitely on the heavier side, definitely heavier than that of Terakawa's, but it's what I prefer for more flavor in the broth. Overall, ramen was good and the noodles were great but I would have preferred the cha shu to be a bit more tender to complement the ramen dish better. Eating it, I felt like it was a bit overcooked and dry for my taste (personally speaking). Other than that though, a relatively solid ramen place for Philly. Would recommend visiting if you haven't come here before (I'm looking at you city-goers, haha)The veggie ramen was ok. A little bit on the salty side, not a big fan. Service was friendly.TL;DR: Average bowl of ramen here at a very reasonable price, but Terakawa still remains at the top of the Philadelphia ramen heap solely because Terakawa does the burnt garlic/leek oil tonkotsu ramen that Im addicted to.
Not since the Ramen Boy scandal of last year have I seen such mixed and bitter reviews about a ramen shop. Fortunately the truth of this place lies somewhere in the middle IMO. In speaking with the chef, he's frequently(maybe even daily) tweaking small individual aspects of his ramen which can be noticed in the few times i've been there. These tweaks have interesting unpredictable differences and likely accounts for the wide variability in reviewers.
Now Ive only had the miso ramen there and here are my thoughts: 
(1) Broth is good. It's not trying to slam the miso flavor into the soup and retains more of a creamy/fatty taste that I am looking for. If you're not careful though, the miso soup can get saltier as you get farther down in the bowl which might have been because I wait until the very end to eat the chashu in hopes that the fatty pork will absorb more of the flavor from the broth. This methodology couldve allowed for any pork marinade to seep into the soup and might be what made one of my miso ramen bowls saltier as I got towards the bottom. Still, it wasnt overly salty and was within my limits of normal variability. 
(2) Noodles are the larger caliber curly yellow noodles which I dont really like. To each his/her own but I like the thin, straight cream-colored noodles. I have no idea what theyre actually made of, but I like them the best. It might be because of all the bias ive acquired from having ramen in Fukuoka which is the heartland of tonkotsu broth ramen and most used the thin cream colored noodles. 
(3) Chashu is spot on. I liked the consistency, the thickness, and whatever marinade was applied to it. If the chef is reading this then for the love of god, dont touch the chashu recipe as it is now. If you really want to improve on this then offer more slices in a standard order.
(4) Cant really remember what else was in the bowl other than the bamboo shoots and corn which were okay, but not usually what I focus on in my ramen experience.
Im still waiting for some place in Philly to do the Ichiran customization options, but the bottom line is that this place is a decent alternative to Terakawa or nom-nom.Decent ramen, however the toppings are expensive at a dollar each for additional chasu or even naruto kamaboku! Still a good dining experience and on my next visit trying a different variety of soup and sampling the sake.Very good ramen fast attentive service at a good price.Slow on the service during my visit with my wife and daughter.  Our Ramen arrived well before our salad and appetizers.  Maybe it was an odd hour, but the people who arrived about half an hour after us were served their appetizers before we were.
Food was good.  So no complaints.  I was served the gates of hell ramen.  It wasn't very spicy, but overall quite savory and satisfying. Noodles were par,  pork belly was great, but only a single slice was given, egg and bamboo rounded out the bowl.  It was put together well.  I'd eat it again.Food is good but suk and slow service, too slow, I wait for a long time for the check, at last I bring it to her, she said I'm rude.... What a suck service it is...the gyoza are delicious as well as the el portofilio ramen (with a side of spice bomb)
the roast pork topping was perfectly cooked and melt in your mouth delicious
wish they had more topping choices though like kikurage or enoki mushrooms
the place is also very small so might be a little tough with a big group unless you come at a less busy timeGot some ramen to go 10 minutes before closing.  Ramen consistency was good.  Al dente.  Broth was slightly salty but that was expected.  What wasn't expected was small fat chunks in it.  Guess it adds to flavor but not the healthiest of diets.  Also tried the fried chicken appetizer.  This was very good.  Seasoning and coating was nice and different than one would expect.fluffy words, but very little substance. this place is amateur hour at it's best.
first off, if you read their website everything seems very nice and the different menu options are all wonderfully DESCRIBED. then reality hits. the chefs look like college students hired off the street and the food pretty much proves this. the broth is poorly flavored - seems like too much water in the base and a bunch of seasonings dumped in - it's not a very fulfilling experience. the noodles are of cup noodle quality and worse than Nom Nom even. it's also inconsistently plated - sometimes the toppings are on top and sometimes they are smothered by the noodles. 
the menu is extremely limited and i can see why - the core items (RAMEN) aren't even done right. i shudder to think what "bi-weekly" menu changes will bring - if anything, more inconsistency. 
service is so-so. not bad, but not great either. noodles took a long time to come out which is a negative considering they aren't that great. 
decor is extremely simple. it's like a low-rent version of Ramen Boy almost, but too bare for any type of decent ambiance. "industrial" is putting it kindly - this is more like "bare bones". 
there are much better options in philly bottom line - Ramen Bar, Nom Nom, Terakawa. much too crowded to give this place a second look.very sweet and lovely owner
i thought it was too salty, but my japanese friends say it is just right and the best ramen in philly, so i will defer to themA Great Lunch Spot
For anyone craving ramen, Philly doesn't have the biggest selection by far. As someone's who's had ramen in Tokyo and several top spots in NYC, I'll put expectations a little lower because of the lack of options.
Anyway, I went there for lunch to take out and ordered the lunch special(ramen + salad + appetizer for $13). I ordered the Gates of Hell + Kaarage(fried chicken) and they told me there was no more salad :( but I ordered and they gave me a free soda instead, which was nice since I've never tried Japanese white cream soda before. Their ramen price ranges from 9-11 so it's fairly decent in this area, cheaper than Terakawa.
Now the portion size is pretty standard, they gave an egg, bamboo shoots, and 1 charsiu pork with the noodles. Since this was take out, I felt like if they added some green onion/scallion, benishoga(red pickle ginger), or some bean sprouts it would've brought up the excitement. Plus where was my naruto? The flavor of the broth was nice, it wasn't too spicy though which I think some might be disappointed.Fast, friendly service and tasty food.
NOTE: CASH ONLY!
The Good: 
Atmosphere - cool wooden floors and low stools for the bar; picnic style tables line the sides of the room with an open space in the back for larger parties.  Very open, airy, relaxed and cozy feel
Food - The Broth was the best part.  I got the Shoyu Ramen and a side of Kim-Chi.  Kim-chi was good (sour and a little spicy like good kim-chi is supposed to be)  The noodles are cooked al-dente and the pork belly was VERY tender; soft boiled egg was cooked nicely, and the bamboo was soft but not too soft...the way I like it.  
Service - Service with a smile; Very happy, offered a discount because I was there for lunch and wearing my badge for work (Hospital and Student discounts).  Took my order and the food was ready in under 3 minutes.  Kim-chi brought out right away with a glass of water.  
The Bad: 
I went during lunch, so it was very empty and I waited a few minutes to be seated just because everybody was in the back and couldn't see the front door; a buzzer or bells would take care of that problem, as when I was greeted, the waitress apologized and told the bar server that he should have helped me out.. no big deal at all.
I would recommend this place in a heart beat; by far the best Ramen in Philly.  I have tried a couple other places, but the broths just arent right.  
Definitely check this place out!!
If you are looking for a quick lunch, then Hiro is a good choice.  I haven't been there for dinner, but I can only guess it would be just as good if not better with a crowd.When I went, it was a quiet and empty little place. I got the black pig and I liked it. My friend got the Gates of Hell and he liked it. It wasn't anything special, but it wasn't bad either. Only downside is that it's cash only so must be prepared.I'm not sure why this place got such high reviews.. although there are not too many ramen places in this city, there are a couple decent ones. This one was a little sub par. 
I ordered the gates of hell, which from the name, I'd imagine would be quite spicy. I would say on a scale of 0-5, it was a 1.5. The broth could have been richer or seasoned more and the portion was pretty small. From the menu, it almost looks like they want you to choose a small base (about $10) and add on extras like extra noodles and meat... but it isn't clear nor implied. My boyfriend got extra noodles and his looked like a normal portion. Mine also came with half an egg and a small piece of pork. Both were yummy, but a crazy small portion. 
Maybe it would be better if they had a small and large size so you could choose your portion size. I do say the decor is intimate and authentic and the waitress was nice and welcoming, though. Would I come back? Meh.. probably not.I ordered the Tonkotsu ramen and I have to say that this is the best ramen I have ever had. The chasu pork was juicy and flavorful, the ramen was the right consistency, and, most importantly, the broth was delicious! The broth had a deep taste of pork that was complex and helped to enhance the overall bowl of ramen. I have had ramen at lots of places, including many well known places in California (and Nom Nom in Philadelphia), and this place is better than those places. Although Nom Nom is a close second!So freaking amazing. I'm a big ramen fan, have been to many but Hiro is really a homer in! Had the Gates of Hell and it's deliciousness didn't disappoint. When I'm in tow. Again I'll definitely be back. Remember two things - it's a BYOB joint and also, to bring cash with you (cash only-ATM available).Walked in to the restaurant , can't see anybody even though today is Saturday. The waitress looks very rude to me. Gave me a cup of water and n menu in a bad way, then she sat back to her chair and play with her phone. I was totally surprise with her attitude! And I walked out , don't think I will come back again ! Really makes me disappointedGreat deal for lunch special - salad, app and ramen for $14. Small quaint little place, truly resemble the real ramen bar Street comfort food  Ramen cooked to order, rich tonkotsu broth (slightly salty but better than many other places), Sapporo style noodle with a good bite, perfected cooked soy egg, bamboo shoots, and of course fatty but not greasy chashu (braised and torched pork belly) - Heaven it is!
The fried chicken and gyoza apps are both good. Too bad the takoyaki is not in lunch special selection...The ramen here was good. The settings were cute with their wooden spoon. The service was very attentive and brought our fresh sliced garlic to put into our ramen. The night we went in to eat there were no Japanese chefs at all which raised a red flag for me but the meal was enjoyable. It's not fair to compare the ramen I had in japan and Korea to the ones in philadelphia but between hiro and terakawa, it's enough to satisfy the cravings every now and again.TL;DR:  Good eats. Still working out kinks naturally and expanding the menu, but keep an eye out for them in the coming weeks.
Yes, yet another ramen review. I thought I was a snob, but other reviews clearly take it to another level lol. See my previous ramen reviews if you like. If I get around to it, I'll include some NYC places. 
First, the non-factors but still worth mentioning. 
- Actual prep time not streamlined as in other places - seemingly in part due to a one-man team. Not the slowest I've experienced, but something I expect to improve over time. 
- Service is decent and friendly. Whatever.
- If you like real menus, this place isn't for you. It's handwritten and fast. Until they set their food choices in stone, I don't expect change soon here. Oh well.
- Limited menu at the moment. Just 2 ramens at the moment. Let's hope they are decent.
- Decor is acceptable and it's not filthy. But really, who cares? I'm here for the food.
- Space/size is smallish, but just right. 
- They need a noticeable sign and some marketing materials on the store windows. They are very easy to miss if you aren't looking for them.
******  On to the food
Broth - I'll be the first to admit shoyu isn't my go-to - I'm accustomed to tonkotsu. Everyone is entitled to their preference. I'm no chef nor do I have any real credentials, but I've had terrible broth before. This was not one of them. When it comes to ramen, not being bad is half the battle. Overall, I liked the flavor of it. Not too salty, maybe slightly on the oily side. Noticeable chicken flavor and hint of ginger. Not as heavy as some heartstoppers I've had, but not as light as the simpler shio broths. Nor is it a flavor bomb with overwhelming garlic and seasoning. In other words, a decent compromise. I finished drinking my broth by the way. But my inexperience/non-preference of shoyu leads to a biased score.  6.75/10.
Noodles - The noodles are the curly/wave yellow kind. They are very remniscent of Chinese style noodles. They seem out of place in some ways. Whatever the case, the noodles are tasty and (for the first time ever) are the best part of the ramen experience. Not sure if they are pre-purchased or what he does to the noodles prep-wise, but they really do it for me. Just the right chewiness. They seem to have some good flavor somehow. YMMV   8/10.
Cha-shu -  Pork here is good/decent. Thickness is about right, rectangular cuts. Tenderness is good. May need a bit more flavoring/seasoning for my own taste. Needs to be slightly warmer in temperature. Can't say I know much about the charring process - could stand to be more crispy I suppose? Appearance wise, I could care less. Might be too fatty in terms of quantity for the regular diner, but I was ok with it. Standard quantity is 2 slices - no surprises there.         6.5/10
Toppings - Menma, scallion, a sheet of nori, and half egg. Menma was decent. I've had better egg, but not a huge deal to me. 5/10. 
Price - $9 for a bowl. About on target if you liked your bowl. Maybe knocking it down slightly might change some tunes.   5/10
****** 
Would I come back again? Yes. The chef definitely cares and wants to deliver quality product, when he works out logistic issues that are holding him back, I will certainly try it out again. Despite the scathing reviews, this place is far far far from the worst ever. Perhaps the criticisms of consistency in product may have merit, but that will change with time. 
Bottom line, if you did not have original Ramen Boy, you have not hit the bottom yet in terms of disappointment where I found nothing remarkable about the food. 
On a side note, chef said tonkotsu broth will be served in the near future, if that's consolation for anyone. Personally, I'd rather they focus on their one shoyu before moving on to other styles (the fixation on tonkotsu is overdone and redundant). 
Terakawa is still my go-to. They are my vanilla, but sometimes I want chocolate. Hiro is chocolate. Until someone new steps into the arena.
@Christopher F and Seema (if you see this): Out of curiosity, which place had the best ramen you've ever had?My friend and I wandered in after work for an early dinner. Hiro just opened a couple weeks ago, so it's still operating with a soft opening menu consisting of three noodles dishes, but lately they've added some appetizers too.  We couldn't get past the delicious description of the Hiro Ramen, so we both got the same dish.
The Hiro ramen was definitely an above average bowl of noodles.  Broth I loved; it was light, tasty and best of all NOT TOO SALTY!  I understand it's ramen broth and expected to be somewhat salty but at Ramen bar for instance, I took two spoonfuls of the broth and couldn't sip any more.  By the end of the meal, the bottom of both of our bowls were in plain sight.  The noodles were pretty good with a nice al dente consistency.  Topping-wise, the pork could use some work; the slab was very generous, but it wasn't melt in your mouth like it was at Nom Nom ramen.  Its flavor was also a tad lackluster.  The marinated egg and bamboo shoots however were fantastic!  I don't know what they marinated it in but the egg wasn't like any other marinated egg I've tasted, and the tender bamboo also had a unique taste.
The decor of the place is minimalist, with a Zen-ish feel and clean lines. Its open kitchen allows you to see the warm, friendly chef prepare your meal. The staff were very kind as well.  Thus overall, I'm excited to see what Hiro Ramen House will do in the future, and will definitely be back to try more dishes.There are 3 reasons I don't recommend this restaurant..
1. Slow- we sat for 10 mins for someone to take our order. Even though we waved to a waiter (and he saw us), we waited another 5 mins. 
2. Mistake- our waitress messed up our order entirely. Not saying my dish is not the one I requested. My boyfriend and I ordered different things, and they served the same thing. Basically..we order #1 & #2, and they gave us #3
( unbelievable...=.=)
3. Oily - Japanese ramen is supposed to be light but flavored, not the one we got there at all. 
Very disappointed..
I probably should give up looking for a good Ramen house in Philly :(I went there for lunch with a coworker the other day.  We agreed that the Hiro Ramen that we order was very good.
Noodles were nice and firm, the pork was crispy and little fatty, and the broth was bright and delicious.  $12 was a little expensive for bowl, but I can not complain about the quality or flavors which were very good.There was only one server at the time we went so service was a bit slow but the food was great so we couldn't really complain. Broth was great and could be a bit more piping hot and noodles could also be just a little chewier. 
In Philly ramen standard, this place would suffice and deserve a 4/5. Will come back.
P.S: the Gates of Hell is extremely spicy!I called the restaurant 3 times to ask about the menu..first two times it went straight to voicemail. And I specifically checked to see if they were open when I called too. The reason I called is because my friend's dietary restriction may not be accommodated so just wanted to check. When they picked up on the 3rd call, I asked if their broth had soy..the women's response "We can customize to any flavor. We have salt flavor, miso flavor, spicy flavor" No lady, you're not answering the question and miso is soy! Oh well, I figured if they really didn't, at least it's in center city and we can go to another place. At the restaurant, I relayed to the waiter the conversation and that ingredients are not the same thing as flavor. He goes "understandable mistake." Anyways, they do have broth without soy for anyone wondering!
However, the vegetable ramen option does have soy, which I happened to get. ..I am actually not sure what is even in the vegetable broth besides soy sauce tbh. 
Anyways, i really had looked forward to checking it out. I am likely not revisiting.Great food great prices. Cash only byob, my favorite!  Cozy atmosphere. I will definitely go again.Stay home and enjoy a $0.65 Nong Shim Shin Ramyun instead. I've been to ramen shops from NY to Tokyo, and this place served me the single worst bowl of ramen I have ever had that didn't come from a microwave in a styrofoam cup.  This is neither bitterness nor hyperbole, but the facts as I see them.
The place itself is tucked away behind the bus stop next to Milk-Boy on the SW corner of 11th and Chestnut. It doesn't have a sign and the front is nondescript, so with any luck, you'd miss it, and end up someplace better.  Once you've had the misfortune of finding it, the decor is mundane and sparse, but acceptable, though not overtly Japanese.  There are some wood strips on the walls, bright retro drop-lights, and it's relatively clean  overall, like a Chipotle, without all the planning and execution.
After sitting down at a cramped little wooden table, my friends and I were unanimously shocked to see their hand-written, xeroxed menu with only three unappealing options (and no prices-- which turned out to be $9): shoyu ramen soup, shoyu vegetarian soup and shoyu minus soup, with slightly thicker noodles.  These are the absolute most basic preparations imaginable, and the complete antithesis of the rich tonkotsu from the stock photo on Hiro's web site, or the "Gates of Hell noodles" mentioned in their Menupages article (and perhaps most disappointingly, the Yelp reviews, which now appear to be utter fabrications).  I felt baited and switched, and I wanted to get up and leave right then, but moving a group of hungry people to a different restaurant can be an equally unpleasant endeavor.  We reluctantly ordered, and there were no vegetarians among us, so we only managed to cover 2/3 of their "menu". Apart from the broth and noodle size, these observations apply to both wet and dry shoyu dishes, as they were essentially identical:
Improper and inconsistent plating: unlike some of the other shoyus at my table, mine was assembled so that it appeared to contain neither pork-belly or the half egg.  After a moment of confusion, I determined that both were trapped in the broth beneath the clump of noodles.  I'm sure it doesn't seem like a big deal, but even if you start with a perfect hanjuku egg (which cooks at around 64ºC) , burying it in the broth causes overcooking and other textural issues.  All that aside, this is an indication of their level of pride and care, and I shudder to think what kind of unholy congress they'd have with a real menu.
Insipid broth: shoyu is admittedly simple, but at least start with a robust chicken stock, and a good quality soy sauce.  It was a depthless, under-salted, flavorless brown wash, and I wouldn't be surprised if they make it in a 55 gallon trash can from Sysco chicken powder and lite commodity soy sauce.  It's not that it tastes of rot or anything, but there's just nothing to recommend it, and this is THE thing you gotta nail if you open a ramen hut.
Poorly cooked protein: if you're going to torch a raw slice of porkbelly, you must employ proper technique, or it will taste and smell of uncombusted propane, and your sear marks will also reflect your lack of care in the form of a boiled, sweaty appearance, with intermittent charring.  I cook with a blowtorch almost every day, so this may be something that only bothers me, but again, if you're going to do something simple, you'd better do it well. 
Noodles: unremarkable, and probably dried, with a greasy quality that I suspect is the result of rolling them in oil, so they don't stick together.  They are of the curly variety, and for whatever reason struck me as more "Chinese" in composition.  Now that I think about it, I'd say that applies to the flavor profile of their dishes in general.  If that's what you're looking for, and you don't care about the egg, I suggest you go to get Nan Zhou hand drawn noodles instead. 
Despite any other reviews you may read here, this place does not compare favorably to Terakawa in any way. This restaurant experience, and my recent frustration with the blatantly purchased nature of some reviews has finally driven me to review something.  I'm incredibly lazy, so that's just how bad it is.
@C K.  You're a nervy shill to call anyone else "fishy". If you read my entire review, you will notice that this is the first place to frustrate me enough to write a review. I "updated" my photo, because I noticed that Yelp's system deleted the very same photo, which I uploaded when I opened the account a few years ago.  As for "thrillist video", I have no idea what that's about (feel free to send me a URL) but I use my Bernzomatic TS4000 torch all the time, and I saw their torch in the kitchen.  Do you think they use it to boil the vegetable stock?My go-to spot for Ramen in Center City. The place almost feels like a hole-in-the-wall; a tiny place with usually a small crowd of 4-6 people when I visit. My first time here I had trouble finding it because the exterior is very minimal with its decor/signs. The interior is very simple and welcoming. 
Because the place is never horribly busy, it's a quiet, casual environment making it easy to have an intimate conversation with a date or a small group of friends. 
The food has never disappointed. I usually get the 'black pig' and the pork just melts in your mouth. Their broth is very rich and definitely hits the stop. I've never felt so relaxed after having a meal. 
The downside of this place is that they only take cash. there's also a small staff so when it's a little busy you may have to wait a little bit longer. Although the service is mostly quick, I've never had to wait for an unreasonable amount of time and I think the food makes up for it. 
I definitely recommend this place if you want to get good ramen in Center City.The last Ramen house I have been to was out in California. The experience I had here was amazing. The style was small but in a good way. I loved the benches. I also loved the customisation you have when you order. The miso soup is great. The people who work there are very friendly and hospitable. Heck,   I think this place is only place in Philly to have a spotless bathroom. This establishment is just outstanding in my book. Even though I have not tried the other Ramen houses yet, I have definitely saved this as one of my bookmarks.I would say best in Philly haha. Gate of hell is the must try (sounds spicy but actually not). I've tried all the Japanese Ramen places in Philly. This one is my favorite.Our first meal in Philly right after checking into our hotel was this little shop called Hiro. My friend that lives in the city had posted about this spot online and I immediately bookmarked it for future reference. Since it was a cold winter day, ramen sounded amazing.
We came on a Saturday evening and to our surprise- it was not completely packed. They have a couple of tables meant for 4 and a bar area where you can sit and watch the chefs prepare the ramen. Notice outside said they're also BYOB which is a plus!
First we started off with some sides: the karaage was deliciously fried to perfection, their tako wasabi was on fire (and was some of the best tasting octopus I've had in a while), and their house salad was fantastic because it incorporated small pieces of fried ramen. All of our appetizers were A+.
I opted for the Black Pig Ramen ($10) which was pork belly and egg noodles soaked in Berkshire pork tonkotsu broth... oh, and garlic oil. The last ingredient really kicked it up a notch and my ramen was both satisfying and hearty. It wasn't the best tonkotsu ramen I ever had, but it sure was flavorful with generous slices of chashu.
Although we came for dinner, they also have a great lunch deal that we weren't able to take advantage of- $13 for a bowl of ramen, salad, and a side of your choice. Not too shabby!
Thanks Hiro for a great first meal back in Philly. Be cautious that this spot is CASH Only! Make sure you got some bucks to spend before you indulge in some fine Japanese.By far the best Ramen spot in Philly. The broth they use is on point. It's Cash Only but hey that's how most Ramen Bars do it in Japan.I had a great experience at Hiro Ramen recently. It was a cold, rainy day and a friend and I decided that ramen was perfect food to counteract the weather. 
The place can be a little hard to find since the only sign for it is in kanji, but at the same time that contributes slightly to its authentic feel. The decor within is simple and nice, but what I noticed most upon entering was how empty the place was. It was 8pm on a Monday, so not the busiest time for a low-key affordable restaurant, but I still found the lack of customers surprising.
The menu is very simple - there are four options, and the waiter informed us that they now had "spicy" variations available for two of the broths. Each broth comes with a certain number of toppings built in, but you can add more for about $1 each. The extra dollar is worth it if you add an egg (really, almost a necessity in ramen), but seems a little absurd if you order seaweed, as you get a single piece of nori (approx. 5"x4", just getting two or three pieces would feel more reasonable to me). They also have an assortment of imported Japanese drinks (note: the blended coffee can is very small, also sometimes exactly what one is in the mood for). 
I had the spicy miso and sampled my friend's tonkotsu, The short version is both were delicious, and very distinct. The tonkotsu had a sweet, creamy flavor, and the spicy miso was the perfect spiciness and saltiness (for me, at least). That is to say it was distinctly spicy (and enough to keep my friend from stealing much of my broth), but not spicy enough to force me to slow down or keep me from consuming the entire bowl. The pork soaked up the miso broth really well (and the tonkotsu broth nearly as well), and was very tender. I enjoyed the bamboo in the broth, but my favorite bite was the halved egg - definitely the top recommendation for additions.
So the short version is that the food was tasty, affordable, and quickly delivered, and I am certain to be back.I like to think of myself as a ramen aficionado, and this place does NOT make the cut. I stopped in for the first time over lunch to pick up some soup to go. I ordered the chicken soy ramen, and it actually came out pretty fast- only about 5 minutes (granted i was the only customer in the place). However, when it comes down to taste, the broth was extremely salty, and the chicken (seemed more like pork...) was 95% fat. I'm also not sure if I received a lunch sized portion, but I usually leave pretty full, which was not the case today. To top it off, the restaurant is cash-only, with no ATM in sight. Needless to say, I will not be returning.A center city gem. This cute little ramen place is simple, tasty, and a perfect place to grab a hot soup on a cold night. It is cash only so be prepared but you can't go wrong (or spend too much) with anything on the menu. Would recommend for a couple or small group since the location isn't the largest.I'll just transcribe the little I can remember of what I said to my cousin after we left this hidden gem on Chestnut:
"Okay I have to admit it, Danny. I was ready to come here and be petty and say that it sucked because I really, really, really wanted a vegan cheesesteak from Blackbird instead. 
But I can't. It was f---ing divine. 
The salad was f---ing amazing. The noodles were f---ing amazing. 
It was f---ing awesome. 
I'm going to take Cheryl here next."
What I ordered:
- The House salad.
- Vegetable noodle bowl with extra noodles and marinated egg.I went there with my Japanese friends. Their ramen was really good!! It was far beyond our expectation!!! Our favorite is Miso Ramen. Shoyu ramen is also good! The chef was not Japanese, but we could tell that he was well trained to make ramen. Now I don't have to go back to Japan to eat ramen since I found this great ramen house lol I will definitely go back to Hiro Ramen House sometime soon!Could barely find the place but the ramen is sooooo good! I think it's the best you can get in Philly. I got the gates of hell in extra spicy which was not too spicy that you couldn't feel your tongue! It was delicious! Definitely coming here againOrdered ramen to go and they did not put the lid on. Ramen spilled everywhere. Tried to call and explain 2x and no one answered. Worst serviceI don't know what these yelpers were thinking when they even tried to compare HIRO with Terakawa in chinatown... It's not even close!!! 
Being this was my first time here, I was a bit disappointed when the waitress told us that they were actually out of the Miso Soup Ramen because they don't have anymore broth.. On a Saturday night???? That was the biggest disappointment. 
We settled with the Shoyu. It was much better than I had expected. The broth was not oily, the pork was tender, and the ramen was perfect... The item that sold me the most? Tako Wasabi!!!!! Yes, I had it in NY before, and I'm so happy I don't have to travel 2hrs for it.. They taste exactly like what I had in NY and I am in love... 
Another plus? They currently have a promotion, where you buy one appetizer, you get a free beer or sake!!! Free booze! What more can I ask for..
I'm definitely returning, and I hope when I do, the Miso broth will be available so I can give them their five stars...
Last but not least, this is a CASH ONLY place.. So make sure you bring those JACKSONs with you....Service was excruciating, sadly. I came in on high hopes from a recommendation, but we actually had to ask a waitress if we could sit down after standing next to the "please wait to be seated" sign for maybe 10 minutes. We never got the bill, had to go up to the counter and give them money. 
Food was pretty decent, loved the fried onions and scallions in the ramen. Very unique. 
If I were rating on the food alone, it'd be a 3-4 (terrakawa and chu are just so good), but unfortunately the service really dragged things down.Are you kidding me? Why did I just find out this place? Just back from lunch. BEST ramen in Philadelphia. The broth is rich and stands up just right to the noodles. Berkshire pork, herbs, egg, sprouts round off this one dish meal, except that there's a $12. Lunch special that includes 2 sides: a salad and a generous portion of crunchy fried chicken. (Or other sides.) The spicy ramen is well worth the burn. Don't let the Chestnut street location fool you. Head over now.This was my first experience at a ramen house, so I have no comparison in terms of the food but all in all I really enjoyed my time at Hiro! We went because we had never been to a ramen house before and almost passed it up as it is small and without a sign out front (just Japanese writing on the awning). It was small and cozy inside, perfect to beat the cold weather outside. The server was super nice and friendly, and informed us she could seat us right away, but it would take 20 minutes as the pork broth was being made fresh. We ordered the lunch special, which was a great deal- $13 for salad, app, and ramen bowl. The salad came first and was delicious with dressing and fried ramen on top. You could pick from three offered appetizers for the special (goyoza, fried chicken, or edmame). We chose the goyoza and the fried chicken- which were both tasty. I got the Gates of Hell as I had read good reviews here and love spicy food! My boyfriend got the chicken soy and liked it. As it was our first experience we were a little unsure about the food but did like it! The ambiance and experience was on point though. This place is cash only, so be aware! I would definitely return in the future if I wanted ramen!I looked up this place on Yelp and walked there with books on a rainy Saturday afternoon. There were about fifteen people sitting and five people waiting. If you go. Try to get there before 3 pm as they are closed for one hour at 3.  
The ambience is of typical ramen house with a few cute samurai movie posters right as you walk in.  
The service was organized and fast. 
Now onto food, I ordered tako yaki and chicken soy ramen.  The tako yaki was flavorful and just melts in your mouth. Chicken soy noodle has a piece of chicken and naruto floating delicately in the soup.  Very tasty as well.  
I would recommend this place for a quick but flavorful bite.Been here 3 times and I will keep coming back for more.  I grew up eating ramen and this place definitely fulfills that comfort-ramen cravings.  The inch of Heaven is very rich and delicious, but my favorite is the gates of hell.  Gates of hell is too spicy for me, so I ask for less chili oil and it's absolutely perfect!  The husband can't get enough of their karaage chicken.  Dan, the server, is very friendly and attentive.  $9-11 per ramen bowl is totally reasonable to me.  
I give it only 4 stars because the first time we've been they didn't have any pork (however they gave us a free small size appetizer instead), then the second time we went they didn't have any karaage chicken.  The third time was the charm because everything was in stock and absolutely delicious! If you're in the area or even in a completely different area of town, definitely give this place a try!Reading the other reviews, clearly people have strong opinions about their ramen. Some awfully dramatic comments for a bowl of noodle soup. I consider myself a pretty cultured eater, but I fully concede that I'm not a ramen expert. So if you are the ultimate connoisseur of ramen, perhaps this review is not for you. Perhaps you would like to shun me and take me off the Christmas card list. Okay. That's fine. 
But if you just like good food and don't approach it with a checklist, I would definitely describe what I had for lunch today as delicious. Maybe the shoyu broth was a little salty, but I rather liked it that way. It had a complex flavor. The pork belly, scallions, and bamboo were all presented nicely. Noodles were properly cooked.  I thought the portion size was perfect. I will come back often. It will be especially great when the weather gets cold. 
I have no problem with a small menu, which is now typed out properly with prices. I would have eaten any of the three ramen choices. The decor was very attractive, I thought. Yes, it took two chefs a few minutes to make two bowls of ramen (ours looked like the only order in), but let's be real here - it's minutes. Unless you hold some deeply held belief that ramen must be served instantly, you can handle the wait. 
I know the lunch options in this neighborhood very well and believe me, this is a welcome addition.I've said it before, and I'll say it again - The ramen scene in Philly is not great. It is also possible I just might not be a fan of ramen in general. (but I'm Asian, so that's mildly preposterous)
Hiro has a few good things going for it. 
- The noodles are quite good - thinner and better texture than many other ramen bars
- The broth has some depth to it, even if it is on the fatty side
- The fried chicken appetizer has a nice breading
- The lunch special is a pretty sweet deal: any bowl of ramen (~$10 by itself), one of three appetizers, and a salad for just $12
There are also some things that don't quite hit the mark. 
- Way too many bean sprouts / not many interesting things to top the noodles
- Only ONE piece of pork belly (which was very fatty, but not especially tasty) 
- Very little flavor in the soft boiled egg
- The actual chicken part of the fried chicken appetizer isn't of great quality
So I guess I'm pretty ambivalent on this place / ramen as a concept.
But the service was really good, and sometimes they play J-pop. (!)I really wanted to like this place. Walking in, it had the look, it had the feel, even had a woman greeting you with an Irrashyaimase.
But unfortunately, fancy packaging doesn't make up for a bad product.
The ramen was perfectly edible, but I don't go out of my way and spend hard-earned dollars for edible. The kimchi was unflavorful, the broth so, so. Neither the veggie ramen nor the tonkotsu was anything to get excited about.
Very disappointing.The food is good with nice price. The service is also nice here. They offer a good deal for lunch special with Ramen, vege salad, and an appetizer for 13 in total.Lunch combo deal is amazing. Great service and fresh tasting ingredients. Hell yeah I'll be coming backAll I'm going to tell you are facts about this awesome new spot. Hiro Ramen is run by a dude that worked for Ramen Boy & now Ramen Bar's chef. Talking to him, he is super passionate about making a significant contribution to Philly's growing ramen "scene". I've eaten there twice since they've opened. Right now, there is no sign on the space, but its the place right next to MilkBoy on 11th & Chestnut. When you walk in, it is definitely not some corporate backed place with polished wood and marble jawn. It's a humble upstart by some guys wanting to serve up some awesome, quality japanese comfort food for this coming winter. So let's start with what 85% of you will order, the Hiro Ramen. For now, their limited soft opening menu's title dish is their baby. It's going to change a lot thanks to their desire to experiment and innovate. Fact # 1: Hiro Ramen's food has 0 MSG. I was told that, and I felt it whilst walking out of there my first time. I didn't feel salt coming out of my face, I didn't feel bloated or tired, I actually felt refreshed. They make their own blend of soy sauce for their broth. They also do a brothl-ess ramen, which is a newer thing in Japan and extremely new here in the states. I imagine it's awesome when you've had a few too much to drink, as it comes with an extra portion of noodles. I forget the name but it's the second item on the list labeled as Shio (salt) ramen. I had this my second time there due to being exposed to the concept in Brooklyn. It was delicious here. The noodles aren't to the chef's 100% satisfaction, as he told me he is going to try a thicker, slightly chewy more flavorful noodle next for this dish, which I am all in for. What does this mean for Philadelphians!? It's the first and probably only joint that's doing broth-less ramen here, and you definitely should give it a shot. Comes with all the fixins, but the noodles have soaked up the shio broth, and the friendly, super awesome staff can hook you up with some of the raw sauce to flavor it up more if you think it needs it, but it doesn't. **disclaimer** i really loved Ramen Boy, mostly because it was the first ramen noodle joint here, but I also am very open-minded about food, and love all the Ramen ive had in the city so far. Hiro Ramen stands out though because it's not what the others are doing (heavier Tonkotsu style) and it's going to only get awesome-er so go check them out.
**update** some of the culinary savvy folks on here are wanting to correct me on the whole 0 MSG thing, and instead of taking it off my review, I'm going to add that because I don't cook, I don't know or care how specific their claim is on NO MSG. If MSG is a natural occurrence in soy sauce, and a little bit can't be totally avoided, that's all well and good but I don't feel the repercussions of heavy MSG at this place. It may be that the soy sauce they prepare in-house tastes nothing like bottled soy sauce, and therefore contains minimal, to no intended MSG. I would also respect that you not message me with correction statements so that Yelp doesn't send me an email telling me that you don't have better things to do.I had the inch of heaven ramen for lunch. The lunch special is an extraordinary bargain. Appetizer and salad with a bowl of noodles for only $12 is well priced. 
The appetizers were rather smallish in size (but that's expected for a lunch special). The salad ginger dressing I liked. Good balance for the meal. 
The ramen is good too. The menu however lacks protein variety. Basically if you like Berkshire pork belly you're in the right spot. Otherwise, you'll enjoy the fine selection of more pork belly. 
The broths of the ramen have good character. I tried a taste of the gates of hell which tasted great. It does pack some heat but not "painful" heat. 
The inch of heaven tastes great also. It's very rich though. I'm talking fatty to the extent that I feel like I had eaten the adipose content of 5 baby seals when I was done. But other than that I liked my experience and the ambiance and decor is top notch. Give it a try.Fried chicken app is really good. Nice marinade before they fry it. The noodles have great texture in the ramen bowl.I went here on a whim for lunch and I have to say that I was quite impressed. The young lady who greeted was super friendly and informative on the menu. They had different names for each ramen dish but there was a breakdown of the dish underneath so that was quite helpful. The chef in kitchen was nice and even gave a little because I mentioned I was sharing it with a coworker because it was both our first time trying out the place. I should've ordered my coworker her own dish because it was so delicious. I ordered the Profilio and takoyaki and the ramen was made fresh on the spot. All the ingredients mixed well together especially the bamboo and corn, which to my surprise was really good. The noodles was just the right amount of firm even after sitting in the broth for a bit. I took out but the atmosphere of the restaurant seemed comfortable and I would definitely bring friends and family back. The takoyaki ball was massive and full of octopus! Do not let their outside appearance fool you because it's definitely worth the try.Cheap and good. I didn't have high expectations to Japanese restaurants in Philly based on some average experience with a few ramen and sushi bars before.
I like spicy ramen and ordered gates of hell (powerful name huh?). It was pretty nice.Couldn't believe they had Takowasbi !! I haven't seen any other restaurant or bar here in Philly that carry it on menu!! Cool space, didn't feel rushed enjoyed taking my time eating. Waitress was Japanese, not trying to be racist but it was a rare authentic plus!!I had the most conflicting experience at Hiro Ramen. I don't know what to make of it. 
I don't know if you've ever been to Hiro, but it's a quaint little ramen house, with rich, grainy woods, and matte blacks. The specials are just that: special. The prices are always right. I'm in the hospitality industry and regularly patronize restaurants in the area.
However the service is confusing. Let me explain. 
I've had more than one experience where the chefs and the lunch waitress are at odds. I go in for lunch regularly as I work around the corner and I adore the fast service. But I concede, I'm a particular eater. It's to no fault of the restaurant. I have dietary restrictions. I also have preferences like everyone else, right? 
One time I ordered some food to go. The waitress took my order and it wasn't very busy. She said it would be 10-15 minutes. When 15 minutes came, even before I confronted the waitress, I saw her approach the cooks. It was then I witnessed a heated conversation between the two. It seams the cook made my order wrong, the waitress was trying to correct it, and the chef refused to do so. After 25 minutes of waiting I finally received my order, with the apologies of the waitress. The ramen was delicious but the experience was odd. I'm confused why a chef is so unwilling to accommodate a guest. So lazy. Thank you to the waitress. I've kept coming back for her. The chefs, while talented, lack in customer service COMMON SENSE. It ain't about you, it's about the guest.Ramen is average but the best in the city. Their side dishes are really worth trying if you have space in your stomach. Small little hole in the wall. Cash only.Definitely the go-to for ramen place in Philly. I ordered the wasabi octopus appetizer and the gates of hell. The wasabi octopus was served in a tiny portion, which was a little disappointing because I was expecting more for $6. 
But they made it up with the on-point ramen. The broth was flavorful and the texture of the noodles was just right. To me, the gates of hell was a mild spicy. I wonder if they provide spicy levels to choose from. 
The vibe from this place was great! From the lighting to its minimal decor, it could be an intimate place for friends' get-together or a date!Japanese place owned by Japanese people. They seem more serious about authenticity here than the other center city ramen joints. I really love their garlic broth and their chewy qq noodles. Good selection of bottled Japanese soft drinks, too. Cash only-they keep pretending they'll get a credit card machine but they've been saying that for a year at least.The appetizers were good the karage, takoyaki and raw squid were better than the ramen. I got the Gates of hell with extra noodle. Something was missing in the broth, it just tasted flat and one dimensional. The depth of flavor was lack luster.I must say the service here is amazing. Right from the start, a friendly waitress came over and alerted us of the specials. It was a nice buy an appetizer and get a free beer. We quickly ordered and even received a complementary cocktail. Great! The ramen I would say is very average. Nothing too special. Comming from famous ramen places in new york... this place is just "eh". Fortunately, the service is what keeps this place going. Would reccommend it just for a try.In search of a great ramen restaurant in philly so I was excited to try Hiro Ramen house.
In my opinion the location is horrible.  It's situated behind a bus stop and the restaurant isn't brightly lit and the sign isn't that noticeable. 
Inside the restaurant: small and cozy, resembles a ramen house with a bar in front of the open kitchen and a few tables. 
Ordered : Apps: Seaweed salad and Wasabi Octopus
I ordered the Veggie Ramen added the marinated egg and Cha Su
First the seaweed salad didn't taste that good, it tasted like the ocean.  Not my cupt of tea.  the Octopus was different with a slimy and crunchy texture with a hint of wasabi which made it edible but would not order again.
Now the ramen: the Broth was definitely light and not oily that's the plus with the whole bowl.  The Cha Su tasted gamy and the noodles were not ramen noodles it was more like chinese egg noodles.
Overall: if you are expecting to have a good bowl of ramen than look elsewhere but if you are looking for a good bowl of noodles that is similar to one where you can find in chinatown than give this place a try since toppings are different than a regular chinese noodle house.Hiro's inch of heaven ramen was awesome. The karaage chicken was so soft and delicious! Definitely an underrated restaurantOnly gets better. This secretive (only sign is in Japanese) restaurant is tucked away...right on chestnut near 10th. Go. Its marvelous. Sit on the actual wooden furniture & enjoy a nice marvelous bowl of ramen. Real ramen. Not the noodles from your beer & ramen diet in college. 
They are still cash only, but even make room for large parties (special japanese sit IN booths).  Bring friends, and leave exceptionally noodled. 
It would be neat if they had a rotating special menu, but regardless, at once!I have been to a few ramen houses in NY, like Totto, Ippudo, Minca, so my expectation could be a little bit high. Here's a few bullet points
- Food quality is better than most of ramen houses in Philly IMO.
- I came for lunch but I was not satisfied with its service. I can only order 3 out of 7 ramen in the menu because they run out of some ingredients. OK.
- Broth was OK and better than salty soup I got in ramen bar in university city.
- Pork belly was a little bland and dry
- Last but not least, they have a small piece of raw lemon, which added flavor to the ramen.ONE OF THE BEST RAMEN PLACE IN PHILLY!!! I highly recommend going before 4pm because thats when their lunch special is offered. 13$ for an app, salad and ramen. ALL DELICIOUS!! Their restaurant is pretty small so I don't recommend this to large groups of over 10 people. After 2pm the place is empty-ish, so if you're looking to avoid the crowd this is the time frame to come.Been coming to this ramen house for years on end and have been to many ramen places in Philadelphia. Yet none of them came close to the quality of ramen this place has. Not only is the food tremendous but the ambiance is quite nice. Giving you the classy feeling of a traditional old-fashioned Japanese ramen bar in Japan. The food all tastes fresh and will fill you up but I do recommend getting seconds because it is just so good. I recommend gates of hell and black pig and the gyoza and karrage is perfect.Meh. Didn't care for the vegetable ramen soup. This review is based on my vegan opinion of the soup. The soup consists of mostly just noodles. Where are the veggies?! Just some watercress and another vegetable. I'm not certain but I thought ramen noodles had the ingredients of egg in them but our server told us otherwise. Other than the soup it's a nice spot for a lunch  or a quick bite for dinner with a nice hip atmosphere.I really didn't have a good experience here, especially in terms of the food. 
1. I specifically asked for my hiro ramen without the pork shoulder, subbed with tofu... and they serve be the ramen with 2 slabs of pork shoulder. 
2. tbh, the ramen really wasn't that tasty. I'm no ramen expert, but simply didn't like the taste. 
I hope they improve, but I really have no desire to go back and give them another chance.We went here on a whim on a Monday afternoon. The place was quiet and clean. The waiter was very friendly to us. Ordering is easy enough because they just have ramen dishes. The other thing that was cool about this place was the imported soda choices. For a good price you get a big bowl of ramen with delicious broth, noodles, and whatever extra toppings you decide to add (For an additional price.) The only problems were that the seats are wooden stools and that can hurt the rear end after awhile and they only accepted cash (which we were informed of before even walking in by the big sign they posted).Decent ramen. I ordered the miso pork ramen which came with corn, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, a slice of fatty pork, and scallions. I also added an egg, which brought the total to to $11 (gulp!). Delicious broth that wasn't overly salted, good texture to the noodles, great flavour to the pork and marinated soft-boiled egg. Certain ingredients were cold at first, which led me to believe they assemble the bowl and let the broth warm stuff up... not spectacular, given that I like my food piping hot.
I was the only one in the restaurant at the time, so the server kept checking to make sure that I was enjoying my meal. Sweet, if a little over the top.
Cash only, great happy hour special ($6 for a glass of sake/beer and an appy), super comfortable ambiance (Japanese-style wood paneling and curtains, etc).We came here on the recommendation of a friend, who raved about the Gates of Hell. I ordered that and my wife ordered the Inch of Heaven. While both were tasty, I preferred the GoH. The spice didn't overwhelm the flavor of the broth and the noodles had a nice chewiness. This place didn't blow my mind, but I would return if every other nearby restaurant were closed.