Using a touch screen to order? Genius! I'm a picky eater so being able to choose exactly what I wanted and not having to worry about anything unwanted in there was a plus. Also, for those who gets flustered when being asked too many questions at the cashier, you're okay! Everything seemed fresh and healthy, wasn't a heavy lunch overall. Great concept, good food. Finally glad I got to taste this place!Solid lunch spot for sure, they are always busy and there is reason why people keep going there. 
I prefer comfy, rustic ambiance over modern and fancy. And rather order my meal old fashion way over vending machine. Honey grow reminds me of cafeterias in Japan or HK. I get overwhelmed with all ordering through machine and it isn't so much fun for me.. Salad is delicious though but I like to put a lot of topping to make it yummier and m salad is usually around $12 and still doesn't fill me up!Eh, I don't know how much I liked it here.  I read that it can get crowded.  No problem, I'll go in at 2:15PM, after the lunch rush is over.  That didn't work.  When I walked in, it looked like a mosh pit full of people.  There's really no clear direction on where to stand or if there are lines or what goes on here.  I had to ask the people standing around me to figure out what to do.  People were standing all over and right over the people sitting at the tables, which is annoying for those who are seated.  I guess it's pretty convenient to put in your order on a touch screen and pay right at the terminal with a credit card.  It makes it fast, but that is where fast stops.  
I was with one of my coworkers who had a strict 30 minute lunch, timed by a time clock.  Unfortunately she wasn't even able to order and get her food within this timeframe....at 2:15PM.  It's not like we walked in at 12:00 PM on the dot. 
We both ordered stir fry and I ordered the honey bar.  Cute idea, but if you get both, it's going to cost you.  Almost $17.00 for "work lunch" seems like a lot to me.  After my coworker had to leave, I stayed and waited for our food, which finally came out.  It would also help if they displayed the numbers as they came up, so you'd have some type of idea of your place in line.
The honey bar was good but not filling.  The stir fry was pretty tasty!  I liked the sesame seeds and fresh jalapenos.
Maybe if I call in my order ahead of time, I'll come back sometime.I geeked out over being able to customize my salad so easily. Best salad. The fruit with honey and coconut flakes was also amazing.I've been here twice so far, and I just absolutely love it. I love the concept of "build-your-own-stir-fry" and this place does it so fabulously.
The ingredients always taste fresh, and I love all the options and the variety. The process is pretty quick too-- just select what you want through a monitor and your order will be ready in just a matter of minutes. My favorite part is all the sauces they offer. Everything sounds so good that I want to keep going back just so I can try all of the sauces. I also love that they have egg white noodles- so delicious! 
The one thing I'll say is that it is kind of expensive. The portion sizes are not humongous, and you kind of end up spending more than you would have imagined because you pay for the base and then pay more for additional ingredients you want added. With an extensive list of amazing ingredients and toppings, it's hard to restrict yourself!
Will definitely be coming back. In love!Today I stopped in around 12ish for lunch and decided to get a salad. One of your employees, I believe her name was maya is a great asset to your restaurant. Her customer service skills and timing on making my salad was on point. If everyone works as fast as her I'll definitely be coming back :) btw salad was delicious!Great spot for take out lunch or dinner!   Stir-Fry's are all pretty awesome and today I had the apple-cucumber-mint-honey smoothie as well.  It was equally delicious and tasted like it came straight out of the ground (I mean..good for you) (fresh).  I wish I could eat here more often but I usually have a stroller with me and space is limited.This concept rocks and so does this particular location when you're looking for an alternative to fast food or fast casual. The make-your-own salads are fantastic and full, love topping it w/falafal, and I have become a fan of the lemon tahini and green goddess dressings!My absolute favorite lunch spot--started going to Honeygrow in the spring and have eaten there at least once a week ever since. The line is frequently out the door to order at one of the kiosks but it goes quickly and the food is also prepared with a very short wait. I have to say I LOVE the kiosk style ordering, especially when doing a create your own salad or stir fry. It's easier and less pressure than yelling ingredients to someone and trying to see everything that's available. 
I've gotten salads and stir fry here and love both. I recommend the wheat or egg white noodles over the rice ones for stir fry and love the five spice soy sauce. Salads are equally enjoyable and there are tons of fresh and natural ingredients. 
One of the things i am most impressed by at honeygrow is the staff. For one thing, they make great quality food with care while being quick about it at the same time. Also, they all seem really proud of the food. Someone is stationed in the dining area who goes around making sure the customers are enjoying the food and helping people when they don't know where to go to pick up their meal.I miss my MSG! OK, make that salt. The touchscreens are a nice idea, though I can imagine the line they can form during rush hours. I ordered a stir-fry and a smoothie, and the thing that struck me wired, was that my smoothie was served at one end of the counter, and the stir-fry ended showing up at the other side of the counter.  Seriously now, why can't they just be served together, don't really care where on the counter- left side- right side or middle, but I found this a little bit confusing.Great to-go spot for lunch or dinner in Rittenhouse Square. 
I'm a big chopped salad fan and I love how you create and order your salad on touch-screen computers. It takes the pressure off of deciding on all of your toppings/mix-ins on the spot. 
Their customizable noodles always hit the spot too. 
Be prepared for a line out the door during lunch/dinner hours during the work week. Moves v quickly though.I stopped by for dinner on a Monday night, hoping for healthy options at a reasonable price. The seating is limited in this small joint. There was hardly room to queue to wait for my take out - if there'd been more seating and less noise I would have eaten in. I went for a custom stir fry. The food was tasty for sure but a bit greasy even with the light sauce option which was disappointing for somewhere that sells itself as healthy. The portions of veg and protein were super mean for the price. I wouldn't bother coming back given the other local options.Go here for the stir-fry. Unless you are one of those juice fanatics stay clear of the green smoothie. For around $7, the portion is small and the drink itself lacks sweetness and umph.I love Honeygrow so much. It is delicious :) veggie stir fry with tofu is my absolute fav. I crave it. I'm not even a big tofu fan and I love it. The sesame garlic is the absolute best :)HoneyGrow is great- the location is prime, (next to Steve's Prince of Steaks) so I can choose a healthier option for post-bar food.
The product is fantastic. The first time I came here, I ordered the Red Coconut Curry stir fry. I was overwhelmed with how many veggies they put in there- it was nice to know that even though you are paying top dollar (pretty expensive), you are getting what you paid for. My biggest pet peeve is when restaurants overcharge and leave you out to dry on the veggie front. 
The second time I ordered a salad- amazing pear parm dressing and the lettuce was very fresh.
The only qualm is my salad was pretty pricey for how small it was. It will set you back $10- however, I will return here. The stir fry is THAT good.I walkedin with the best intentions (salad) and walked out with a stir fry.  I really like the ordering process - touch screen, pick your ingredients, pay at the kiosk.  But after you order, you are kind of standing around in No Man's Land while waiting for your order.  I picked a stir fry with Asian-themed ingredients and the coconut curry sauce.  Price was close to 10 bucks....I expected a little more than I got.  It was "OK"....didn't really knock my socks off but I'm willing to go back and try another.Couldn't get into a breakfast place today o ended up here instead.  I liked the vibe...reminded me of that Korean wings place in NYC.  Healthy and easy ordering like your in a Wawa.  The food was fine but a little bland.  I had the chicken with five spice sauce and it barely tasted spiced.  I'll give it another try and amp it up.  I think this could make it into the lunch rotation once the weather gets better.  Overall not a bad concept or delivery.What's with society's obsession with soy sauce at Asian places?   I had gone to lunch around 1130am to beat the packed lines.  
I was happy to see that they had touch screen build your own salad/stir fry ingredients.  I had ordered a chicken, bok choy, onion, broccoli, shiitake mushroom, and Mongolian BBQ sauce stir fry.   The food came in a cardboard container (ironic since they're supposed to be green).  When I opened the box, I quickly realized that the order was all screwed up.   
It seems I had an order of Mongolian BBQ sauce with a side of the ingredients mentioned above.   Salt overload!!   
The service was great, but the meal was profoundly disappointing.Tried stir fry for the first time yesterday.  What arrived, after I had ordered noodles with shrimp and a variety of vegetables was a mass of gooey noodles with a FEW SMALL bits of vegetables and 3 small shrimp.  For over $12?  Never again!!  The salad bar looks fresh and perhaps salads are better--at least one can watch them being made.One of my good friends and I came here for lunch as we heard good things.  
Upon entering this place was PACKED.  There was barely enough room to stand, let alone sit.  There was a little bit of confusion where the line was to order.  I do like that there is a kiosk so you can just pick and choose what you want.  You can either order stir-fry or a salad.  We both went with salads.  
This food is quick, ordered by touch screen, casual, and the ingrediants are locally grown.  That being said, salads are pretty pricey - I think I paid $11 for a salad and it was pretty small.  I probably wouldn't be going back because of the price, size of salad, and how crowded it was.Atmosphere
- long lines, even at 1:30pm
+ despite the long lines, the food comes quickly after you order (~3-5 minutes)
+ cool machine ordering system; quick and easy to navigate
Food
+ my stir-fry concoction ($7.75) - chicken w/ egg noodles, (light) sesame garlic sauce, broccoli, red onions, baby bella mushrooms, cilantro & pickled cucumbers 
   - definitely go with light sauce if you're more sensitive to salt like I am, otherwise you'll be drinking a gallon of water to try to balance out your salt intake
   - noodles were clumped together at times, and were difficult to pull apart
   - the pickled cucumbers were REALLY pickled; a little too much for my taste
   - the overall stir-fry really is just average; nothing particularly special or unique
   + the grilled broccoli was great; my desperate attempt to "eat healthy" 
Overall, Honeygrow is good but not great. It tastes good when I eat it once in a while (and by once in a while, I mean once every couple of months), but it's not worth the extra effort to go out of your way for.In theory, this place should be amazing. I want to like it SO much but it's just impossible. I've been a handful of times (maybe 5 or 6) and I'm glad that the lines have finalyl gone down. Waiting 30 minutes for mediocre stirfry is not fun. Here are my opinions about this place.
1) It's inconsistent. Sometimes there is a lot of sauce with the stir-fry, sometimes theres not enough at all. Sometimes the sauce is thick, sometimes its watery. Sometimes it's spciy other times it's not. It's never what I actually want or expect.
2) I like to make my own stir fry.. It's $8 to start and you get a sauce, a starch and 3 veggies then they add on from there. But seriously, $8 for bbq sauce rice and 3 veggies?! For $8 I could make this for a family of 8! 
3) Stop pushing the smoothies on me. Dear lord, if I want one I'll order one. Put more effort into the stirfry and less with the smoothies, please. Maybe fire some smoothie people and lower the cost of a veggie only stir fry, how about that?
4) The salads are ridiculously expensive. I could never justify spending more than $7 on a salad from a 'fast food' place nevermind $11. That lettuce better have healing powers if I'm going pay that much to eat it..Meh i don't see the big deal about this place? Sure its sooooo cool that you order your food through a computer, but the day a robot makes my meal, and does a damn good job at it, i will be impressed... Otherwise the food is mediocre at best. I got the beef stir fry with sesame garlic sauce. The sauce tasted ok but they put wayyyyy too much of it on there.. The veggies were a nice touch, but the beef, ewwwww was it a disaster. They shouldn't have called it beef at all! I've had beef jerky that was way more tender than the so called "beef" they use. It was obvious that the meat was already pre cooked and they just kinda reheated it to order, but the taste of the meat was grosssss and beyond dry. The taste, texture and look of it, was as if was overly microwaved or something. Never again.. I also had the cobb salad which was ok, nothing spectacular though. The best thing i had was their soda's and green tea. Maybe i will come in again only to try a smoothie next time.Reviews should be higher for this place. Don't just try one thing and give it a low rating. First stir fry I tried was decent but nothing too special. I gave honeygrow another try and got the sesame garlic and now I'm obsessed.I really enjoyed Honeygrow.
Very hip vibe. You order either a salad or stir fry meal via a touch screen monitor (just like at wawa, for those familiar). I like to build my own, but they have several standard options to pick as well. 
My only gripe is it was a bit light on meat. You can add more meat when ordering, but I would have liked a bit more with the regular order. Speaking of which, be careful when adding veggies on the build your own, after 3 you incur a $0.35 charge. Not a huge cost, but it can add up if you don't pay attention. 
All the produce is local, which is great, but wouldn't necessarily bring me into or keep me away from a place. I just like that it is good, fresh, healthy food. Will definitely be back.Plenty of options for vegetarian/vegan folks. I usually create my own stir-fry and have tried various combinations. The sauce you pick will definitely make a huge difference, so far Red coconut curry and Lemon Miso Tahini are my absolute fav. Love this place so much #comfortfoodCool concept and lots of salad choices. Decent but food isn't as flavorful, filing or as fresh as Sweet Green down the street. Overall, restaurant is fine, not a must try.my first time at honey grow and i loved it.  you order and pay on a touch screen and get a print out. i went at the PEAK lunch rush and the place was packed - it took a while for me to get my food and actually what happened was they forgot to add the peppers into my stir fry. 
so why would i love this place that made me wait for so long and originally messed my order up?  
simple - because they double checked the order, caught the mistake, re did it perfectly, and sent me on my way (actually they even comped it - which was unnecessary)  for a fast food place to be so meticulous - i was very impressed. 
the ingredients were fresh, the people polite, and the service was great.I don't hate it. It's always a mediocre pleasure with Honey Grow for me. Speaking of chain stores.I've never had the smoothie or a "honeybar" (a small cup of honey, fruit, and whatever you want in it). This place is wrongly categorized as a juice/smoothie bar on here, but ignore everyone who's acting like it's Sip n Glo or Robeks. There's only one flavor, and it's pre-made and in one of those machines like a Slurpee. It's only $4 or $5 (I forget, as I've never ordered one), so you get what you pay for... If you want a real smoothie, go spend twice that at the aforementioned juice/smoothie bars.
It's expensive because everything is fresh and locally-sourced (but it's better than spending less money on lower quality ingredients). You also get A LOT. I've never left here hungry.
Sometimes I come here twice a week. I'm hooked. I don't usually order salad or stir fry elsewhere, so I can't really determine whether they make the best, but it's really good.  
They have Maine Root soda, which is the bomb diggity.
My only problems with it are:
* they rarely use enough sauce in the stir fry, and there isn't an option on the touch-screens you order from to add more. They told me to ask someone behind the counter, which is a problem when they're busy.
*  they put the base (rice, noodles, etc.) of the stir fry at the bottom and everything else on top instead of mixing it (isn't stir fry normally mixed and fried together? it's like they only fry the rest and have pre-cooked bases).
* Paying in cash is weird because the register is the same place they give you stir fry at, so it looks like you're cutting in line (stir fry is at one end and salad is at the other).
But I look past these because it's the healthiest "fast food" in the area.Yeah, it's kind of expensive and obnoxiously trendy but I can't help it - I LOVE the fact that I can order a delicious bowl of fruit with lots of tasty toppings. The salads are also good (I haven't tried the noodles yet) but I am mostly excited about the fruit & honey. They also beat the whipped cream BY HAND, which I think is kind of silly since I don't think a hand mixer is cheating, but I appreciate the extra effort. The serving size is pretty hefty, so I could honestly just eat the fruit bowl for a light dinner.I pass by this place all the time and never went in because I thought it was a vegetarian restaurant. I decided to check it out around noon because I needed to charge my phone and they have a charging station. 
It's pretty confusing when you first walk in. I was directed to a kiosk and checked out the options finally deciding on the red curry stir fry on egg noodles. I switched out the tofu for chicken. It took about 15 minutes for the food to be prepared.
It came out to around 9 dollars. It's kind of pricey for lunch but I only ate half of it and saved the rest for later. I'm also okay with spending a little more on sustainably sourced food. 
Flavor-wise, it was better than I thought. There were too many green peppers. The chicken and the noodles were delicious. 
The decor is nice but it was a little too hectic for me to want to sit and eat there.
Overall, I'd go back once or twice to try some other things. Their smoothies look good. I probably won't go often because of the price and the food is good but isn't amazing.Terrible. Parsimione salad or whatever was awful. My friend and I both ordered it and the chicken was like hockey pucks. Not even close worth $10. Not sure why everyone likes it.I love this place- their salads are great, their stir-fry is awesome and I absolutely cannot go there without getting their Honey Bar.  Fresh fruit and lots of toppings to choose from- and their homemade whipped cream is great!
It's fast, efficient, tasty, healthy and affordable.  What more can one ask for?!I go here often for lunch.   It's a good, healthy option compared to the fast food places near by.    It's a basic salad place, but I like that it is locally grown.   It can be packed at lunch, but it's worth the wait!!i love it. nice staff, good food and you have to keep in mind that this place is going to be crowded here and there because it is in center city. its like a wawa for healthy food, you can order on a touchscreen and pay at the touchscreen too. the workers are nice and work really hardI come here about once a week with the hubby. Many great healthy options and totally customizable. The salads are great and there are so many choices of dressing. The stir Fry is good as well although I would like to see more sauce options. The place was closed for renovations for a while, so I was disappointed when it opened back up and everything looked exactly the same.honeygrow makes me happy and the only thing that keeps me from going to 5 stars is the POS and the general noise level of the place.
I love the customization options.  Salad, noodles, stir frys with fresh and healthful ingredients, brilliant!  They are very transparent.  They have a featured farms list on the wall and the staff works with pretty solid precision.  The price is also set well to compete against other lunch options in the area.
In my experience, the touch screen system can be a bit daunting to deal with.  Sometimes, you find yourself clicking many times or possibly clicking something you don't want out of sheer frustration.  The other gripe (while minor) is the noise.  It's very loud in here and I feel like people are always stepping on me trying to get to their food.  You have to listen very intently to hear your number called and that's difficult to do with all the noise.
Still, with these minor complaints, I keep honeygrow on my rotation because I really enjoy what they are dishing out.I really liked ordering by touch-screen. I didn't like that there were so many people waiting after using the screens that didn't really have a place to wait. It was dinner time and the food is good so it makes sense that it was crowded. And the food really was good. I'm not vegetarian but I ordered a tofu salad that was very tasty and the tofu was well prepared. I would go to Honeygrow again to try different combinations.Went with the spicy garlic chicken stir fry. It had just the right amount of spice. Also featured red onion, green and red peppers, broccoli, and of course bamboo shoots. Little pricey for stir fry , but no more than the Whole Foods salad bar.  The price we pay for local organic.  Going to come back to check out the salads.The best way to describe Honeygrow, is an upscale Chinese stir fry place. You make your selections on a computerized menu, and they put it together for you. They're food is delicious, portions are usually filling - - being that they provide an excess of rice or whatever base you choose for your bowl. However they could offer options to double up on veggies, and provide more meat in there bowls. I have been going to Honeygrow for years, I feel as though recently I have been seeing somethings that c They have gotten cheaper with their toppings in their stir fry as well as they're meats. All in all they are a healthier alternative in your corner Chinese place. If you're looking for a quick bite to eat, it's a good place to check out.it's like the stay-puft marshmallow man stumbled through a fruit cart and vomited into my bowl. what the hell did i eat?I used to like this place but now it's getting bad. 
I see some cooks dancing, joking around and talk loudly to each other when preparing the food. I expect them to put a little bit more respect especially when they know the customers are watching.I recently went to this location at 5:20pm December 6 to be verbally assulted in front of employees and staff alike. I frequent honeygrow bring new coworkers time and time again. While I was in the mix of greeting one of their supervisor workers Ajua and Alexis begun to to continuous bombarded me with insult after insult and went as far as to come from the counter and bump me as well as threaten me multiple times. I am still a fan but after this I will be looking for the promt termination of these two workers as well as the manager Alex whom watched the entire occurrence go down or I will be pressing charges.We ordered the Stir Fry. The dish is alleged to have vegetables. All we got was white noodles with one token cilanthro. Why is this place known for natural food, anyway???Awesome concept and good quality food. I was a first timer and Becka was so helpful! Special place and worth a visit! I had a salad with some added extras. Very filling and delicious! I will definitely go back.I can't highly recommend Honeygrow, but I was satisfied with my experience.
When you first walk in, there are rotating menus up on the television screen. The menu goes through all 6 of their signature items one by one, and explained everything that is in them so that you can figure out what would best fit your tastes.
You order by touch screen, similar to Wawa. I didn't quite understand the "spiciness"
 rating scale, and said that a bit loudly in the directing of the staff member standing right on the other side of the touch screen. He looked at me, and then continued what he was doing. So that was a bit weird. Maybe he didn't know the answer. I also asked him what I would do if I was to pay with cash (there was a slot to swipe a card and pay right at the screen, but no cash option), to which he shrugged and kept working. So..
In case you run into the same problem, the touch screen will ask you how you would like to pay, and you'll get the option to pay with cash at the cashier.
Soft serve serve yourself is available, and the Lemon Honey Ginseng Tea is wonderful!
My date ordered the "Sesame Garlic." There was not enough seasoning, and the steak had barely any flavor.
I ordered the Sour Cherry BBQ- the noodles were undercooked (I tasted my dates, which were fine), but otherwise it was okay. 
"Just okay" isn't good enough for me to spend $10+ on the dish, so I probably won't be back, but I can't say that it wasn't tasty.The food was swimming in sauce. Too salty and not enough vegetables or meat. It was mostly rice. Atmosphere was chaotic. For the price I'd rather get take out from Tampopo.Awesome experience. I have multiple food allergies and they did everything In Their power to make my experience great. They even burned the wok to assure I wouldn't have any allergic reactions. Really professional staff as well. This is my place to go eat whenever I'm downtown. If your never been here, I highly recommend it !Today may have been my last experience at honey grow. I used to be hooked on it but the last 3 times I've gotten it my coconut curry stir fry has been dry. So much so that I have started taking sides of Siracha to go just incase. I really hate to give this place a bad review because when they are done right the stir-fry's are soooo good. Unfortunately for $10+ a meal there is a lot of really great places in the area.If you're looking to get a quick, healthy meal in center city, this is the place to beMy colleagues and I frequent Honeygrow at least twice a month for lunch and always get the noodles. Fresh ingredients and fast service. Food tastes excellent! Salads are very good as well.People were super nice. I just got their kaleata and I was in and out in 5 minutes. Also it was delicious. Place was super clean and again the people were so nice!My go-to lunch spot for the work week! My favorite is the build your own salad option, but when salad just isn't enough the stir-fry is amazing. The cold-pressed juices are also really good. Wait time can be a little long during the lunch rush but you'll have that anywhere in Center City. 
I've recently upgraded to ordering my lunch through their app which saves a lot of time waiting in line and I can just pop over and pick it up. The staff is very helpful and doesn't seem to crack under the fast-pace pressure.
I'd recommend it to anyone. It's good, healthy food that even people who don't care about healthy eating will enjoy. I've tried other similar spots in the city and none measure up to honeygrow!I am not sure any salad or stir fry is worth a 20 minute wait in an awkwardly conceived, cramped line, let alone the ones served here. And yet, here I stand. In the end, I think this speaks more to the lack of allegedly healthy, purportedly "fast" lunch options in CC than it does to HG. 
I also want to echo the call for nutrition info, which should be available in all such establishments, but especially ones that hold themselves out as health conscious.Honeygrow is phenomenal! I love this place! From the fresh ingredients and the ability to modify my dishes just the way I like them to the clean and modern decor with open kitchen concept, you can't go wrong. I strongly recommend ordering the egg noodles with the garlic sauce and washing it all down with one of their pre-designated fresh smoothies. The staff is also really friendly and knowledgeable. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone wanting to eat a relatively healthy, delicious and filling meal while in the Center City area.I just got takeout from this location. I'm disappointed. I ordered directly from the menu and the meals are either made wrong or this food is just that nasty. I've ordered from here before and the food was fine. Someone PLEASE check behind the staff because I feel like I just wasted my moneyCustom stir fry?  YES.  The place gets busy around lunch (obviously), but the service is overall good.  It's a bit pricey for some pretty basic stir fry, but the to-go box is deceiving - you get a lot of food for your money.  I'll be back.HoneyGrow is a real winner...even if you don't like fresh, delicious, farm to table food...prepared perfectly with tasty sauces/dressings....by a friendly, eager to please staff and an efficient, touchscreen ordering system.
Well even if none of these things compel you to visit....go anyway.  It is just great food!  I eat there several times a week....spend about $8.50 for my veggie stir fry with homemade noodles. And I am among many other regulars...hate to share the secret...but the HoneyGrow folks deserve the praise.  
CaroleI've been here twice so far, once at this location and at the newest location in Bala. I don't trust my creativity creating custom salads/stir fries and I always feel slightly pressured when ordering from a screen so I went with the suggested menu (the food items I have attempted to combine in the past is terrifying). The Cobb salad was good, not great, I'm not sure what it was - I just wasn't impressed. The Spicy Garlic stir-fry on the other hand was delish. I can't wait to try more of the other stir-fries (stir-frys?) on the menu, oh and I love that this place uses locally sourced food, or so I read on some blog out there.This place is AMAZING!  I always see a line out the door, which is a huge deterrent for me, but on a week when everyone is off for the Holidays, I decided to pop on in.  Boy was I glad I did!
I learned that the line is because of the funky layout where people are waiting for computer screens to place their order.  I went for shrimp and tofu over wheat noodles with the red coconut sauce, mushrooms, zucchini and spinach, crispy shallots and cilantro.... and about 5 minutes later my food was ready!  I also loved being able to pay right at the kiosk.  Brilliant.
I sat down with my to-go container, and my soda (1 point off for saccharine sweet sodas... even the diet one!  just carry pepsi or coke.  The organic options don't taste much better but they sure costs more!).  Upon opening the container, i was so so happy.  A side car of sriracha was also an added pleasantry.  My food was warm, and delicious.  Everything was so fresh and tasty.  
I saw no discernible trace of crispy shallots, and I paid $1.25 for an additional protein- tofu.  There were two (2) little cubes floating around in there.  Not great value... especially for a $15 stir fry + soda.  Other than that.. my food was filling and delicious and it felt at least somewhat healthy.  I now get what the fuss is about!  
I'll definitely be back here, but it makes me sad that seating is so limited!  I tend to just bring my lunch when I eat alone.  Dining out is a social occurrence, and I can imagine that finding a seat here during the week might be a challenge... but I'm up for it when the mood strikes!So I have given this place 2 tries now, and both times I have been disappointed. Today I ordered a stir fry. For a place that claims to have all fresh ingredients, I feel like I could have had better quality food at the local shady Chinese restaurant. Some of the green beans looked rotten and a several shrimp just didn't look safe to consume. Some were discolored and non of them were deveined.  I wasn't looking for fine dining, but I definitely didn't want food positioning either. I'd say this place need to stick to their drink and desserts or step on on what they preach in terms of promising freshness.Honey grow has great salads, that you can customize to your liking. Their noodles are also amazing. However, I had to deduct a start because when you order any protein for your noodles they are not warmed throughly. I thought it was a one time incident, but I was mistake.I love that Honeygrow is sort of like a healthy version of Wawa (okay, I really just like the touch-screen ordering system).  
The kale smoothie is a slam dunk, especially if you're looking for a refreshing beverage after your 90 minute bikram yoga session.  
I created my own salad and loved all the options I had.  My salad was huge, so thankfully my husband was home to scarf up the leftovers.  
The place itself has a very warm feel and you can literally see people making your food as you wait.  
Sure, it's a bit on the pricy side, but definitely worth the splurge every once in awhile.This is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to grab a bite between the gym and home (in the burbs.) Usually by the time I've worked out, I just want something easy to eat when I get home, and this salad, stirfry, and smoothie bar works perfectly. 
The first time I got the sesame ginger beef stir fry offered as a "Suggested" stir-fry on their touch-screen ordering system (I love this feature, by the way, and wish they had it everywhere besides just here and Wawa. It's not that I'm antisocial, but I just don't like having to make big decisions about my food in the moment!) Paying by credit card is also a breeze. I brought my stirfry home and was shocked to realize that it was actually large enough to be 2-3 meals, which is awesome, considering it was about $10. So yeah, on the surface it's pricey, but if you think of it as tonight's dinner/tomorrow's lunch, that's $5 per meal, which is pretty darn good. Oh, and it tasted delicious! I had no problems with the sauce or ingredient ratio (and the beef was delicious.) I also had Stacy's pita chips, and I love that they offer them as a side.
Last night, I got the Persampiere salad, which has croutons, grape tomatoes, red onions, panko crusted chicken cutlet, mozzarella, arugula, and parmesan dressing (love that they give you the option of regular, light, or on the side.) I also ordered Stacy's pita chips. It was very yummy and filling, except...
Two small gripes that keep this from getting that extra star:
1. Last night, they forgot to give me my chips, which I didn't realize until I was home in the burbs. Since they take your receipt when you pick up your food, I don't have proof to go back and tell them this (and really, would they believe me anyway? Anyone could claim to have been jipped out of chips, but there's no proof that they didn't get them.) So a little bummed that I paid a couple extra bucks for chips that were not included. Lesson learned: check receipt and bag carefully before leaving.
2. The salad last night was SO onion-y. Like the smell was overpowering, even after the salad was long gone. The salad was great, but either order it without onions or don't make any plans for the rest of the night, beyond scrubbing your mouth out for an hour. Yikes.
3. I wish nutrition info/calorie counts were available. Obviously, this is more healthy than getting a cheese steak, but I'm honestly not sure just how healthy it is. That info would be helpful in guiding my selections.
Otherwise, I like this place and will be returning. Excited to try a smoothie here!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE: Within a couple hours of this review hitting Yelp, the owner Justin sent a response to me offering my next meal (with chips!) on the house. Not only that, but he's passing my onion comment on to the staff so that it hopefully won't be so overpowering next time. Wow, that's is awesome customer service. I think half the battle of any business is the owner really wanting it to succeed and engaging with customers. Justin has got that down. Can't wait to go back and try more of their food!I've been to this place a few times.  I like that it's relatively fast, healthy food, and that it's open pretty late.  Most counter restaurants shut down in that area after lunch.  The computerized ordering system is a bit intimidating at first, but it's nice to just punch in your order and have the staff concentrate on cooking rather than taking orders.  The salads here are very good, if on the small side for the price.  
I was excited to have a fresh, healthy stir-fry place in the neighborhood, but the stir-fry was extremely disappointing.  I tried it twice, because I really wanted to like it, but I couldn't get over two major drawbacks.  First, you can't alter the spiciness of the sauce, which was a big disappointment.  Several of the sauces seem like they would be tasty, but they're just too spicy for me.  In most Asian restaurants, they will adjust the level of spice to your order.  Second, and more importantly, there is hardly anything in the stir fry other than noodles.  I thought for a place that billed itself as healthy eating, there would be lots of decent size veggies in the dish.  But there are only a few very little pieces.  I had high hopes for this place, but I won't be going back for the stir fry again.  I will probably return for the salads.one of the interns wanted to get lunch here. it was my first time trying them and i asked her to get me the sesame garlic stir fry. by the time she got back, i was starving. now, if i wasn't so hungry, i may not have been able to finish this. it was SO salty! the vegetables and meat tasted fresh...just everything was drenched in sauce. why??? 
sigh...since their ingredients seem pretty fresh, i'm open to try some of their other options though. we'll see.I was once a regular at honeygrow until today. My salad had some sort of sand in it, and the walnuts were rancid. If I purchase a $10 salad, I expect clean and fresh ingredients.I've been to Honeygrow many times and I absolutely love it! The concept and the ordering system is very simple too. When you come in, use one of the kiosks to select a suggested stir-fry or salad, or better yet, you can create your own. The price is quite reasonable for the amount of food you're getting and the list of ingredients are endless. There is a board on the wall that lets you know exactly where your food is coming from. Another strong point is that they cater to EVERYONE, gluten free? Great! Vegan? No problem! When your finished at the kiosk (you can also pay there if you're using a card), just print your ticket and listen for your number. That being said, it can become a bit loud during peak hours, I've found it easier to wait closest to the station where my food is being made (toward the entrance for salads/smoothies and near the register for stir fry and other beverages-there are signs hanging from the ceiling to direct you). 
Other things to consider:
1) If you're in a hurry for lunch I highly suggest calling your order in ahead, especially if your limited on time. You'll skip the line and your food will be ready when you get there.
2) The employees and customer service are absolutely spectacular. They're always friendly and engaging (I'm always greeted with a smile). They did make a mistake on my stir fry once but when I brought it back they quickly corrected my order.
3) TRY THE HONEYBAR!! This is my absolute favorite thing there and it's a healthy alternative for dessert or breakfast.
4) your food comes in a stir fry box or a salad bowl, I've noticed that this issue is a toss up on the review boards but personally I like them. It gives me the opportunity to pack my lunch up and head out if need be.Love this place! It's a great spot to grab a quick healthy lunch. One of the highlights is that you order on a touch screen monitor. The two main choices are salad or stir fry. They have several options already made up or you can create your own. I've had the seasonal salad there that had kale, sweet potatoes, goat cheese and cranberries! The last time I went I made my own stir fry which was also really delicious with snap peas and bean sprouts! It can get really busy around lunch time, say 12-2, but they really work hard to make sure your food comes out quickly.Do not come between 12-1 during the week. Waiting 25-35 minutes for an overpriced salad...Plain and simple, I like what they have going in there. Aside from the bad layout it's a fine place for quick noodles with lots of customization options.
For me (someone with a big appetite) it's more of a place to go for something to hold me over until real dinner. For a normal sized appetite I'm sure it's plenty of food.I use to pick up food here for lunch. I always do my own stir fry with wholegrain noodles, shrimps and vegetables! That mix is really good. It's enough for two meals!One of my favorite work lunch spots! There are so many options and different ways to make your own salad or stirfry, which is what I always do. I get a little stressed out when I get to customize my meal though, so I like that I can take my time to order exactly what I want with the touchscreen system. My favorites are the coconut red curry and sesame garlic stirfry sauces, and the green goddess and cilantro jalapeno ranch dressing. Everything is relatively healthy (or at least that's what I tell myself) and delicious!
It gets really busy during lunch though, so come early or wait for the rush to die down if you don't want to wait too long. It's a little pricey so I don't come here too often.The service was amazing, SIKE there is no service you customize your order by yourself on a kiosk. This is there only redeeming quality.
 You receive your food by having someone scream out your receipt number, my one and only time there, the worker glared at me when I offered a friendly smile. I had to ask for a cup to get my fountain drink.
I ordered a spicy garlic sauce and that is not what I got.
Despite all of the wrong sauce they dumped in my container the food is bland. Because it was so horrible I believe the food was overpriced.
Cool thing they have chopsticks, however I will never be going back there againI'm sorry but I CANNOT wrap my head around why this place always has a line. First time here, and ordered the make your own stir fry. 1 star for the cool computers that you order from and 1 star for the super nice staff. 
ZERO STARS for food. 
1. 'LIGHT SAUCE', was NOT light whatsoever, please see the picture attached of the noodles DRENCHED in oil, so much that it's SEEPING through the thick and laminated cardboard box. Also maybe it was because it was so oily, but the sauce didn't have any flavor whatsoever. Just spicy for no reason. 
2. TOPPINGS, pretty sure I was charged an extra $0.45 for toppings which I totally understand but I counted FOUR small slices of mushrooms and TWO slices of pickled cucumbers... 
3. COST, the total was $13 for a pretty small portion. Complete waste of money the noodles were so drenched in oil it was not edible. 
Definitely not a 'healthy' place. Better luck just getting some takeout Chinese down the street.For the honey bar, you will get very tiny little bit honey on bunch of "most" banana. And also cream too. Just not enough taste. Chocolate chips.. even you can count how many they are. Totally tastes like just banana for 8 dollars. 
And I had a noodle, it just didn't have taste. 
I wonder what is going on there. Just everything is lack of taste. Very not enough sauce. And overpriced.I've been the City Ave location more often than this one. This one has consistently better food than the City Ave location. I'm of course a fan and keep coming back. 
Somehow though this location always smells vaguely of vomit (maybe it's their cleaning chemicals?). And it's weird that they give you dine-in orders in take-out boxes. Maybe they only do this because I've been dining here close to closing time?This place is super clean, the customer service is great and the food is cheap, fresh and delicious... The ordering system is simple and quick. I keep coming back to this place for lunch twice or three times a week.Honeygrow is one of my favorite lunch spots in Center City. It serves healthy and tasty asian inspired sitr fry dishes (they also serve salads and smoothies, however I've never tried). The portions are filling, the price is reasonable(ish), and they have cool, Wawa style touchscreens.
I've been here quite a few times so I know the ropes. I've also been to other locations, and I can tell you the experience is different depending on which you go to. This Honeygrow is a takeout, high volume machine. You're not going to get the option of a ceramic bowl for a sit down meal like in Radnor, it is to-go-box only here. That being said, the frantic environment and the long wait times can take some getting used to. Here are a couple of tips for a successful lunch:
1. If you go during the thick of lunch hours, it will be extremely crowded. Try to go at 11:30AM-12:00PM for less people.
2. If you paid for a drink after ordering, go show your receipt at the pick up counter and grab a cup. Orders can take much longer to make than you're used to (10+ min).
3. If you are eating in, grab a table instead of waiting by the takeout counter. They will call your order number when it is ready. You won't miss it. Glaring at the cooks and cashier will not help. 
4. Salads get made 10 times faster than Stir Fry. If your coworker orders a salad and you order a Stir Fry, there will be a very long gap waiting for your food to come out. It might be a little awkward. Just saying.
5. The people directing the order queue can tell the cooks if you need something not listed on the touchscreen. I've been hooked up with extra sauce just by asking.I gave Honeygrow a shot over the Summer and was not really happy.  Yes the screens help move things along for step one but the wait for my salad was a good 15-20 minutes during step two.  They also completely forgot my smoothie back then but since I was dining in, they were able to make it before I left.
I kept promising myself I would go back and give them a second shot.  Finally I did today.  It was the same crap show that I experienced over the Summer.  Since we are in colder months, I thought I would try for the stirfry.  I placed my order and then proceeded to wait another 15-20 mins with the many other patrons.  The service was really nice and apologetic about it, but a workday lunch does not allow me to wait that long.  
I got back to my office and was bummed. For a place that promotes eating healthy, the veggies were lacking in my stirfry.  I even ordered a fourth veggie of thai basil to give it extra flavor, but only got 2 bites of it.  I am not lying to myself that stirfry is healthy, but I figured with lots of fixins, I could make it a decent meal and perhaps only eat half.  I chose the sesame garlic too since that is a fairly standard sauce.  I found it bitter and overly salty.  Definitely not going back.  
Bonus star for having Sriracha on tap.  ON TAP!!!I would really like to give a better rating than this.  The staff is great, friendly and very helpful.  I've had special requests met on multiple occasions. The food meets my expectations every time. 
  I have big problem with the number of bugs I've seen in the restaurant gathered around the sauce/soda area as well as the ceiling.  I have seen this at least 5 times through my experience here. At first glance there is everything to love about this restaurant, after looking just a little further, a lot of work needs to be done as far as cleanliness.  My honest feeling is hoping my review is seen and changes are made to cleaning procedures and pest control.I absolutely adore this place. You make your own salad, stirfry, smoothie, honey fruit bowl, etc. from a touch screen menu. It's super easy to navigate with all the pictures they have on the screen. The staff is super friendly and all seem to enjoy being there. They have recycling and trash bins by the door along with a cell phone charging station. You get your own locker and key so that it stays protected and charged while you eat. Loved this! 
The food was amazing. I got a custom stirfry and a honey fruit bowl. Make sure to add that home made whipped cream! It was amaaaaaazing. 
I wish there are more places like this around. I will definitely add this place to my list of places I must go to when I go back to Philly!I wanted stir fry again today for lunch so I decided to call the order in ahead of time, on the advice of some of the honeygrow staff.  I have to say, this is the best way to go.  I just called up, put in my order over the phone quickly, and walked over.  My food was ready to go in 8 minutes! I just walked to the back, gave my name, and was on my way back to the office in minutes, even though it was busy.  In the future this is how I will be ordering.This is a busy lunch spot, and I am not quite sure why.  The prices seem high for the amount of food you receive, and although you get to select what goes into your meal, you don't control the portions. Hence, I purchased a stir fry with lots of vegetables including my personal favorites eggplant and bok choy. Unfortunately, I found only a sliver of bok choy and tiny pieces of eggplant dosed with a dressing that I had hoped would be on the side, and a massive amount of rice.  
It is quite possible that I will learn to place a better order as I frequent this place more often, and that my complaints are due to, well, you know, user error.  I will return and see if that is a correct assumption.
Meanwhile, you should know that it is extremely busy at lunch time. There was barely table space for my daughter and I and people were bumping into us no matter where we stood.  The prices are a little high, the portions are a little small, but the location and the staff were great.  That's it until next time I place an order -- I'll keep you posted.I used to be a Honey Grow regular and at one point would have easily considered them worthy of a 4 star. But for the last few months I have always left this place disappointed and the only reason I have come back is remembering the good experiences I have had earlier.
Honey Grow used to be my go to place for a quick lunch or dinner. I love the customization you can do while ordering through the screens and that the food is locally sourced. However the biggest problem with this place is how inconsistent they are with their food and service. The same order can turn out completely different on two different days when it comes to the consistency of the sauce or the flavors and sometime even the quantity of veggies which could be too much of one vs the other. Service can be pretty frustrating too with it taking a very long time to get your food or the servers messing up the toppings on the noodles.
I hope they can get their act together as the place has a lot of potential.Interesting. I think this concept rivals the chipotle spinoff "chop house." It's just as good, thoughbeit a little more expensive and it doesn't leave you with a stomach ache afterwards. In hindsight, i probably should have stuck with one of their creations because I doctored it up a little and it tasted a little off, which was definitely my fault.  I also got the green smoothy kale'atta, which was good... Nothing to write home about though. 
The touchscreen are a cool touch, the host at the door who explained the menu was really engaging (so nice job there) and I personally like that you can take a seat and wait for your number to be called. Even though I'm left wanting a little, I would come back.I love going to this place, i go here almost everyday for lunch, love the idea of ordering various selections from a touch screen! The food is freshly made and good quality ingredients! :)Surprisingly, I had a very good experience at Honeygrow this week, unlike the majority of poor reviews for this place. I never tried it when it first opened, due to poor reviews. I decided to wait many months for them to work out the kinks and improve.  I think they have. 
I went Wednesday, during the middle of a busy lunch hour. The line was nearly out the door and the place was packed. I waited in line 5 mins to order at the touch  screens. Not bad. I was impressed by all the fresh veggie options for my stir fry. I got egg noodles, with tofu, edamame, carrots, shiitake mushrooms, eggplant, cucumber, parsley, spinach leaves, and one more veggie I forgot. My sauce I got the oyster sauce on the side... Because I want to be health and not have them dump excess sauce on my fresh food. Good choice. Everything was delicious, I had plenty of veggies I help the dish stay healthy, and the tofu was medium sized and very tasty. The egg nooses were yummy.  Portion size looked small for $9, but when I dumped out the contents from my to go box on to a plate, it filled up the whole plate and I still had leftovers!  Food was very good, totally happy! 
I see a lot of people complained about the wait time. I went during a jam packed lunch hour, and my order was ready in 10 mins. My friend with me also had hers ready in 7 mins. A lady behind the counter, seems like the manager, kept saying to the staff " come one guys , your at 7 mins, not good! Pick up the pace!" So she was obviously keeping track of orders an the timing. 
I think they are improving compared to the earlier reviews. I will defiantly be back!! My first experience was very good!Efficient as the German train system :-) quick order, and easy touch screen guidance. Great quality food at reasonable cost, large portions - only complaint was my indecisiveness and not hitting continue button kicked me out of order- all in all great.I only go to Honeygrow as a treat because it's so expensive. (One stir fry becomes two meals for me though, so it's all in perspective!) Today I felt like I needed this treat. I had been up since 4AM for work and I felt like a corpse. I got the red coconut curry and it was delicious, but the reason I'm writing this review is because of the amazing service.
I was sitting at a table, getting a little hot from the spiciness, when I realized that I should have gotten water somewhere. My feet hurt and I didn't want to go walk to a Wawa. I decided to power through. Just when I was thinking this, one of the staff casually dropped off water in a plastic cup onto my table. I was so astonished! Right after, she kept on hustling, greeting people and taking care of trash, etc. I thanked her and she accepted it like it was nbd.
Don't wanna be weird, but I was so tired that I wanted to cry at this kindness.
So if you're reading this, blonde ponytail lady worker, thank you for being amazing. This girl should get a raise. Also, as a food worker myself, everyone else in there did a great job, ngl.I love this place but I had a less than stellar experience today but I have to say they handled it very well. I ordered my normal salad. I added a roll. When I got home realized they never gave me a the roll. I know it's not a lot of money, so I was too lazy to go all the way back. But then I am just starting to enjoy my salad and there was a hair in it! I have to give them points though because I went back and they refunded me and gave me a new salad. Although I had a bad experience I am impressed with the way they handled it and I will definitely return again based on that because other than that I've had many great experiences.Clean place, and the lunch service was really efficient consider how packed the place is on weekdays.  People behind the counter seem friendly.  Plus for the local focus in a place that is/feels like/aspires-to-be a chain.  Salads are decent - fresh enough and good options.  The stir fry stuff drags this place down.  They managed to make something called "spicy garlic sauce" bland.  It had some heat but very little flavor.  So... meh.  Another lunch option that's already boring after two trips.I love the kiosks for ordering-quick and simple. Also love how the food is local and they don't have a freezer, so you know you're eating fresh. I got the kale smoothie, which was decent. I also got the sour cherry BBQ stir fry, which was a suggested stir fry. It was pretty good, but next time I will try to make my own stir fry. I will def go back to find more yummy flavors. It's hard to find fresh and healthy food...or else I'm looking in the wrong placesI haven't eaten at Honeygrow and I honestly don't think that I will now. I walked in to the restaurant in the middle of a confrontation between an employee and a customer. The employees were insulting the guy just being rude and threatening . I left out the store because I'm not giving a place like this my money but my friend saw a little more of it and told me one of the girls bumped him and that the other employee standing by was like a manager and didn't do anything. What type of place hires people like this and lets them just say and do whatever to customers?I really like this place. Sometimes I'll stop by before class and get a cup from the honeybar which is your choice of fruit + toppings + honey + (optional) homemade whipped cream. 
Or I'll stop in for lunch, if the line isn't out the door, and get the cherry BBQ beef stir fry, it's incredible.A delicious diamond in the rough. In the middle of cheesesteak land (which I also love by the way) is this little healthy gem called Honey Grow. Make your own fresh and super delicious guilt free meal. I'm feeling so health when I walk outta here I can go right to Federal Donuts. Big love.Great place! Order all of the salad options as you can imagine! Wow!I always love stopping into honey grow! The ingredients are always fresh plus I love their unique topping, dressing and sauce options for salads and stir fry. Today I wanted to especially call out how friendly and attentive the service was. One woman, perhaps the manager, checked on everyone dining-in and when she got to my table offered to get me a glass of water since I didn't buy a drink. So sweet!Love this place! Great food, friendly staff, good atmosphere, awesome old-school split-flap display. only thing that could be improved is having WiFi for customers! There's a "honeygrow" network, but it's not available for customers (or staff!).I heard about this place for the first time last year and just got around to trying it out. I went here around 7 PM on a Monday night and it was busy as usual. After a little confusion about who was waiting to order and who was not, I nabbed the next available kiosk. I chose to create my own stir fry, which included two proteins (shrimp and chicken) and almost all the veggie options and sour cherry bbq sauce. It was pricey and I knew it would be but if I was going to see what all the hype was about, I was going to go all in lol. 
The food was tasty overall and I loved how fresh the veggies were. I liked the shrimp but I thought the chicken was a little tough, like it was overcooked. The sour cherry bbq was good but I wish I had more of it on my stir fry. 
Honeygrow is alright but it isn't somewhere I'd visit twice.My coworker and I were here on business and were looking for a place to eat.  I typically like to eat fairly healthy and this place looked like it fit the bill.  It was delicious.  I love how you pick your items on a screen (that way you can take the time to think), and then watch as they make your food.
I went with the stir fry with chicken, lots of veggies, and wheat noodles.  I was even able to add the sauce on the side.  
The portions were enormous (at least two meals - probably three), and the food was amazing.  We'll definitely eat here again.This is a good place to eat at cause I just have breakfast here this morning. Also you can custom the dishes you want. I love this place and it's healthy!I am finishing my honeybar creation as I type this and holy moly was that good. I picked 3 fresh fruits, my choice of honey, granola, and added their homemade whipped cream which amounted to the best 5 dollars Ive ever spent. I custom created my whole order even down to my beverage from the touch screens they have set up. My complaint? The touch screen was incredibly frustrating. There was some lag or I'd have to press 2 or 3 times to get it to work. then, once I'd gone to the screen where you confirm your order, I wanted to change one small thing but it doesn't let you do that- I had to cancel and restart my whole order. 
When I first sat down to enjoy my food, an elderly woman walked in and looked like she needed some help. An employee came right over, walked her through her whole order on the screen, and even let her sit down and get her cash out and she ran back to the register and then brought her the change. So A+ for customer service!
Weird selection of food... smoothies and juice and fruit which i get, and then stir fry? interesting mix, but yummy nonetheless. I will be back!Great concept, terrible execution.  I really like the idea of ordering via touchscreen, the ability to customize everything, and eating locally grown healthy food.  I'm also a big fan of stir fry when it's done right. However, the speed of delivery was slow. I ordered the sesame garlic stir fry, and it took 20 minutes to come out, in what seemed to be a moderately busy environment. The flow from ordering to waiting is odd too.  There were way too many people standing around too close to the people eating. It would seem more efficient, and less disorderly if they gave out numbers and had staff bring the food out.  The food was ok at best.  Some of my noodles weren't even separated from the package they came out of.  They were clumped at the bottom of my container. Not great. Won't be coming back any time soon.My daughter tends to be a picky eater so I spend quite a bit of time figuring out where we can eat that we can both enjoy, and is also a healthy food option.  Honeygrow fit those requirements quite well.  I was able to get a spicy tofu stir-fry with boston lettuce wraps, and she got fruit and honey.  We were both happy.  I love that you order at the Kiosk with little pictures and then the line behind the counter gets to work on your meal.  I would definitely frequent this place if I lived in Philadelphia.I've walked by Honeygrow many times on my way home from work and have wanted to give it a try.  I finally stopped by after work yesterday and ordered a custom stir fry.  I liked how easy it was to order on the touch screen and my food was ready in just a few minutes.  I ordered the sauce on the side, since I was carrying my meal home and didn't want it leaking everywhere.  My custom stir fry was absolutely DELICIOUS:  rice noodles, tofu, scallions, onions and mushrooms with the curry sauce.  It was a generous portion and amounted to heaping pile on a large dinner plate.  I think my meal came to $9-$10.
I removed a star because the person who waited on me forgot to give me the side of sauce and I had to ask for it.  It's a good thing I noticed, or my meal would have been lacking.I did return to Honeygrow to speak to a Manager regarding the portion issue from my last visit. The manager was extremely responsive and gave me two free honey bar parfaits. He also assured me that the correct portion should be over the top of the cup. I was really pleased at the interaction and will definitely return as a loyal customer.I absolutely love Honeygrow I have been going for the past 2 months and have fallen in love. I was introduced to the noodle initially they were good but once I tried the black and brown rice I was hooked. Farm to table means nothing if the taste isn't up to expectations, however honeygrow has proven that you don't have to render taste in order to go green. This is my first review and I had to sign up just to give them 5 stars... btw Google Honeygrow and Yards event on the 15th day of May 2014... I can't wait to meet the CEOI have recently been frequenting Honeygrow more often, as a result of many post-bikram yoga cravings for smoothies. I must say, I have found both their customer service and product to be quite improved!Devastating day for my salad bowl. I couldn't be more disappointed. My lunch box and dinner table will never see honeygrow again unless you bring back kale!!!! While I applaud some changes on the new spring 2015 menu, I loathe the loss of kale. And all just to save a buck in labor costs?! Not that you care, although you should, but you've lost my business. I'm sure sweetgreen will be delighted to not only get 100% of my salad business from now on, but also great word of mouth for keeping kale. And sadly, without personal correspondence from you, I'll never know if you heed my advice and BRING BACK KALE!!!! 
Let me tell you about my baby kale salad. It was a soggy, mushy, disgusting mess in a matter of the 15 minutes it took me to get home. Baby kale is far too delicate of a lettuce to be tossed and dressed. I used to be able to get my hearty kale salad dressed, eat half for lunch and save the other half for tomorrow's lunch. 
Honeygrow, I've ridden the waves of losses and gains as a loyal customer since you've opened. I sing your praises for your touch screen computer ordering system. You stopped using the levelup app, fine, I brought my credit card. You stopped using to-go bags with handles, I just bring my own Whole Foods bag now. You dropped the farro, but added quinoa, so I still had a healthy grain. You've introduced two new creative vegetable/grain salad additions for salads, yay!! But no kale?! NO KALE?! Kale is a superfood!! Don't you want to be SUPER?!?  Please BRING BACK KALE!!!!!If your in center city and haven't had lunch or dinner from here you're missing out. This place is delicious and moderately healthy (depending on what you get) + it's locally sourced. The have delicious salads, and a honey bar - but my personal favorite is the stir fry. I always get the egg white noodles and chicken, and sesame garlic sauce - toss in some veggies of your choice it's the perfect lunch.  They are quick and efficient with what they do and even have an app for quick pick up during the lunch rush. 
I had an issue when their app changed and they were quick to respond, fix the problem and even tossed in some goodies for the inconvenience. Excellent customer service and great food = win, win!If I could go back here I would. This place was amazing, nothing like where the city I'm from. The food was very fresh and ordering was very easy and simple. You chose what you want, they throw it in a wok and you get it very fast. Food had a little spice but I just wanted to keep eating it even though it hurt me. It was delicious, would travel all the way to Philly to get it again!!!My mouth is on fire with the flavors from the Spicy Garlic Sandwich with peppers, pineapple, and broccoli. The heat warms your mouth with just the right amount of pizazz.  The Cobb salad with its crisp lettuce and cool apple bites is the perfect complement to fill your lunch appetite.I'm a fan of the MTO system (a la Sheetz/Wawa/Rofo) and they're quick and efficient. The food is filling (I had a stir-fry) and quite good for the price in my opinion. Good lunch spot if you can avoid the busier times![This review is just about the stir fry. We didn't order salad or smoothies.]
I really wanted to like this place, but I think it's just OK.
The concept is fantastic. I just think the execution is a little off. I ordered cilantro in my stir-fry, for example, and they gave me parsley. My friend and I ordered the same sauce. Mine was drenched. Hers wasn't.
If they can get a little more consistency, I might give them another star. Although the annoyingly loud surf rock and that fact that it's about 90 degrees in there are also working against the place.HoneyGrow, how overrated you are.
 The ordering set up is dope. The touch screens are well designed, and easy to use, and I like the flow of the restaurant, and the way that the entire thing works. Thats a big plus.
In terms of the food itself, I think it is overpriced. $13 for rice, egg, beef and 3 veggies. I mean it isn't meager by any standards, but for the price it costs, it is not justified. I think $8.50 would be more fair.
The HoneyBar and Smoothie are both okay--not great. I don't know. I think that part of me is trying to force myself to like this spot, but I think HoneyGrow is trying to convince me to like it just as much. It is trying to hard to be trendy that it forgot that good food and fair pricing is how you keep people coming through the door.I tend to agree with the knowledgeable Michelle C on most of her thoughts. I went in around 1:15 on a weekday thinking I would have missed a good amount of the lunch crowd. Perhaps I did, but I was still flustered and confused walking in as to where to order. 
My machine also kept forgetting my orders when I clicked back which was frustrating. The options were plentiful and unique and very specific (light dressing, on the side, etc).
I got mixed greens with whole wheat noodles with baked tofu, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, and cilantro ranch dressing. The wheat noodles definitely had a coat of oil on them which I didn't like. OD on the onions. Dressing was really good. Total $8.75. Granted I was very full after. 
Happy I tried this place that people RAVE about, but I wouldn't put this necessarily in my favorite lunch places in the Rittenhouse area. I do want to go back to try the stir frys though.Hitting you with another 2DJ fave!!! Love this place and the options they have. Gluten free, veggie, yogurt and smoothies....The honey bar is one to try over and over again!
Whats great about honey grow is that it isn't a one-size fits all type of establishment. Get what you want and how you want it...very divas-esque isn't it?!?! The dynamic duo had the red curry stir fry (V/GF)  with added veggies and some chicken. The other half of the duo had the sesame garlic with shrimp and veggies. We cleaned our plates.....like literally this was soooooo good!
Im so ecstatic to see the other locations popping up, especially the main line and KOP areas and expanding into Jersey and D.C.!!! Go check them out this will be a once a week spot for lunch or a quick dinner to grab after a long day thats super healthy!I've been here a couple times and the food is always great. Although, there have been a few instances of inconsistencies with my order. Last night in particular, I added wheat berries to my white bean salad. I didn't realize until it was too late though that they had forgotten the wheat berries :(. 
I will say though, the lemon miso stir fry is to die for!  It reminds me of a carbonara, but with less guilt and more flavor. I am hoping it expands to our restaurants rather than remain a temp item at this location!!It's been a while since my last review and my feelings about Honeygrow have changed. With limited gourmet salad spots in the city, I find myself here a few times a month for lunch. Take notice, there will probably be a line out the door if you try to go during your lunch break. If you're just getting a salad though, the wait's not usually more than a few minutes. Stirfry will take longer. I love the customization and fresh ingredients offered here. My biggest complainant is that because it is so busy, they often forgot to add some ingredients you paid for. As long as you check before you go, they will add them no questions. Otherwise I leave here a happy camper!Ordered custom stir fry and it was yummy. Easy to order in touch screen. Coconut curry sauce is too good. Price reasonable for the quantity.No thank you, trendy noodle and salad bar.
A friend of mine had a bad experience with the owner's rudeness when they first opened, which was strike one. The price of the food for what you get is also a little out of control (strike two). I live in Chinatown, and I know what a good dish of noodles costs. I also love that they started charging 45 cents for the bread they used to give you with their salads. Whaaaaaaat. Strike three, you're out!
Here, I feel like you're paying more for the cool factor than the delicious, quality factor.Okay so I've been holding out on reviewing honeygrow but I sit here right now eating stir fry and I have to. 
Sour cherry BBQ. Heaven. 
I'm a girl who wrote off stir fry because of a soy allergy. It made me sad. I don't have to be sad anymore! 
The salads are also delicious and the honey bar is the stuff dreams are made of. The staff is nice and the environment is great for copping a squat to take a break from center city madness. Bonus points for a word search on the napkins. However, one point off because the kale-atta is a little watery. 
But I wanna marry this stir fry. I love it here.It was cool having a screen to order everything on and customize it like I wanted. I didn't make the best creation but was made well and tasted fresh.I get the vibe/attitude they're going for, but I'm just not that impressed. It's clean and the staff are friendly, and I do really like ordering from the touch-screen computers, especially since I like to customize everything. I do believe that they are using fresh ingredients, but I just think it's way overpriced. $12+ for a small customized salad that doesn't come with anything... I'll go somewhere else for that. I've also tried the stir-fry. It was alright, but my biggest complaint was cardboard container it comes in. The sauce leaks through box, causing a huge mess. I have some lunch-spot favorites I'll be going to before returning to Honeygrow.The main concept is simple. Salads and stir-fry made to order. The execution is fun - use their touch-screen a la Wawa to create your meal, and then enjoy it within 5 minutes time (much less for a salad). Locally sourced ingredients, and I'd say you can taste the difference.
Super busy during lunch on weekdays, pretty easy nights and weekends.
What to try for those who want a recommendation:
Create your own stir fry -
Egg noodles
Grilled Chicken
Broccoli
Bean sprouts
Mushrooms
Bok choy
Oyster sauce
Create your own salad -
Spinach
Tomato
Onion
Avocado
Grilled Chicken
Fresh lemon (don't underestimate how amazingly yummy this is compared to a traditional dressing)
Expect to pay between 10-15 bucks, but also expect to fully enjoy your food and feeling great afterwards.I tried the stir fried noodles, garlic sesame with beef, and it was tasty but it needed more stuff. Meaning, it was light on the veggies and beef but heavy on noodles. The line was out the door but it went pretty fast. Half the area is for salads, the other for stir fry. Place your order at a touchscreen monitor. Pay at the monitor too, with a credit card machine right on the side. It was easy. I'd come back again and try something else, but for $11 for lunch, I'd like more than a takeout container of noodles.This place has been open for a while and I avoided because of the crazy long lines. 
I love that you can prose yourself on the touchscreen and pay so there's no waiting in line. The waiting area for pick up is small and not very well planned so you feel cramped or in the way. But the wait wasn't too long.
I made my own salad. Great variety and options to mix it up. Like that's it's local and includes things like kale and squash. Definitely more healthy and tasty than other salad lunch places. I look forward to going back and trying their fruit drinks and stir fry.
Nice to have a healthy option in center city.Post-remodeling review: After reopening in April (the remodeling didn't seem to change the store at all), they came out with a new menu. The new menu is pretty glitchy as when I tried to make a custom stir fry, the rice option didn't even show up at first for a good 5 minutes. They took out the black/brown rice mix and replaced it with a brown rice only mix, which was a bummer because black rice is a lot healthier and tasted a lot better too. Because I couldn't select rice in my custom stir fry, I tried one of the premade stir fries with rice. I tried to customize it, and when I removed one of the two veggies that the rice came with, my bill increased by $2. So if you decide to get less toppings, they actually charge you more. What kind of logic is that? For toppings they also only allow you to get one topping now instead of two toppings. They also raised the prices on everything as well.
I finally got my food after being frustrated with the new menu for a good 10 minutes. The old menu worked perfectly fine, so I'm not sure why they had to replace it. I went with a stir fry using the spicy garlic sauce. This time the food tasted extremely bland compared to before. The spicy garlic sauce didn't have the same zest that the old one had. Not only that, my stir fry had sauce only on the top layer where all the veggies and meat was. If I dug into the center of the container, it was just rice without any sauce or veggies/meat. Whereas before they mixed the veggies with the sauce and the rice before packing it in, mine had all the veggies and sauce mixed with the rice near the top while the rice in the middle had nothing. Basically you'd be stuck with plain rice after eating the top veggie/rice layer. You can't mix it either because they pack it in a tight takeout box.
So to sum it up, compared to before they remodeled the store, they increased the prices, charged you for what used to be free, made customizing your stir fry a pain in the butt, and makes worse tasting food now. This used to be one of my favorite places for a quick meal in Rittenhouse, but I think I'd rather go to Wok Works now.The food was okay but the price would not make me go back. I came here because I left another local-healthy place hungry. If i got more food, I'd be happy. But to watch the employee count 4 berries and then cut them in half was hard to watch for what it cost.In truth, I would give this a 3.5 star rating if I had the option on my app. I visited Honey Grow on a Friday at noon. The first thing I will say is that it seemed far more busy than it really was due to the design of ordering and picking up food. What appeared to be a line that was practically out the door moved very fast and was actually also people who had already ordered waiting to pick up food. There are 4 or 5 touch screens that you order your food on and pay. These help to move the line along. It's like the Wawa of Rittenhouse! The cold food being pushed out in one location and hot in another was also a little strange and leaves you crawling through people trying to order on the screens or eat to simply get your whole order once they shout your number. The food was good enough. I had a customized salad and my girlfriend had the red coconut curry. It's prepared in a whirlwind in the open style kitchen and some details are a little rough (skins on avocados, shrimp tails on some shrimp, etc). The curry was a little bland for a curry. Good news: hoisin and sriracha on tap. The prices are a little high, but it's a fast, customizable lunch option that I will probably try again.Pretty neat little place. I like their concept, in that they have you order on your own using a kiosk of sorts. I enjoyed the tofu stir fry with lots of veggies and appreciated the vegan sauce option. No frills, and they are quick & friendly.Don't believe the hype. Like you, I'd seen the restaurants popping up all over and thought I'd give them a try. But the experience left much to be desired. 
First, service. When you walk in it's hard to figure out what to do if you've never been before. I went at an off-time, so not enough people to watch and mimic. Eventually i saw the touch screen and ordered. That was easy enough. 
But it was downhill from there. My actual food was pretty crappy. I got the Tomato Kale Miso salad. Like some other reviewers, I thought the greens to topping ratio was bad. I also thought the kale was overdressed in a tasteless, oily dressing, and the leaves were huge and tough. The toppings were all on the bottom, as if someone had them just sitting in a bowl and shoved the lettuce on top. The tofu was bad, the only flavor was pointless spiciness. 
For almost $12, I expect a tasty lunch. This was just an angering one. There are tons of much better salad places around. Avoid!!I arrived on a Monday at 1pm. It was a madhouse. If you are in a rush to get something to eat at 1pm  you are better off going somewhere. If you still insist on going to Honeygrow, come here when they first open at 11am. There was a line of people by the cash register, and an ever bigger line of people waiting on the side for their orders.  I ordered the cobb salad. They only give you a miniscule amount of chicken. At the price you pay, they should put more chicken on the salad. That being said, the ingredients looked fresh. I have to say though that I would not be ordering stir fry from them. The crew manning the stir fry section looked like they don't know how to properly cook stir fry.I was excited to try this place with a friend. We got there during the lunch time rush and it was super packed, so she grabbed the first table she could and I got in line. I foudn the computer system to be irritating to use. It was very slow and the buttons needed to be pressed several times for it not to go back to the home screen, which it did twice while I was inputting my order. I got a stir fry with carrots, onions, and snap peas with a ginger sauce. I don't remember the name of the sauce but what I do remember is how tasteless and oily it was. The entire thing was OIL! There was no flavor at all, just oil, oil, oil. I sort of made-do and focused on eating the veggies dripping in oil instead of the noodles since it was so messy and tasteless. I thought I would just wrap the rest up (it was already in a cardboard box- which by the way I think is very wasteful for a place who prides themselves on being environmentally conscious, don't get me started on the plastic ware) and take it home to doctor up for a quick dinner that night. We only work two blocks away and as we left I felt something warm on the side of my nice dress pants. Guess what, it was OIL! Not just on the side, everywhere! All over my nice pants. They have cardboard boxes and they choose to use a pint of oil in each dish?? So disgusting. I just dumped the thing in the trash. We will likely never go there again. How can a place that is supposed to be conscious about health and the environement cook/operate that way?YUM! This place has been on my lunch list for a while, and I'm so glad I finally tried it. I wanted to try one of their signature items, and couldn't decide between a salad and a stir fry. I ended up with the whole wheat noodle salad- best of both worlds. It was noodles, spinach, squash, cashews, and shrimp tossed in a lemon vinaigrette. It was fantastic. In the spirit of not missing out on anything, I obviously had to try the honey bowl, too. Also fantastic, and everything is made to order. The down side? I spent $20 on what I thought would be a quick lunch. With that price tag, I probably won't be back often. OK maybe just for dessert :)!And this is another place I love just like hip city veg. 
The staff were so nice and they also have kale which was so good! 
YES YES YES  GO HERE!!  and you wil notl be disappointed!!Didn't take long to get my order this time and they didn't mess up my order.   Last time took 30 mins with no line because they forgot my order.   Last time they also only fill half of the box.  This time yet again they still haven't improved the portion.  This time I at least got about 80%. They used to fill all the way up and now if you lucky you will get that again. Why should I pay 100% of the cost when I only get 80% portion and sometimes 50%?   Don't get me wrong I love this place but the portion control is inaccurate and unfair unlike good old days.  Why bother to fix it? It doesn't mater to them because we all still go there and the line is always out the door during lunch.I was pretty disappointed by their offering only one type of pre-made juice blend, but it turned out to be delicious. I just wish it was more of an actual juice bar.Just awesome.  My saving grace in Center City lunch spots.  I had just finished writing a HORRIFIC review on Freshii, detailing how I longed for another (better) healthy, quick lunch spot in the downtown area.  Low and behold, I discovered Honeygrow.  And I never looked back.
Awesome ingredients, fast and efficient preparation, and I LOVE the touchscreen ordering...it makes customizing a salad or stir fry simple and error free.  Thus far, I've gotten custom salads and stir-fried rice noodles with a variety of different toppings, and everything is always fresh and delicious.
I hope this place never goes away.  I love you, Honeygrow.So I've only been here once and tried a salad. I am from DC and can only compare the salad aspect to one of our local chains, Sweetgreen (we're talking salads only).  They both are working with the 'fresh and local' concept when it comes to their food philosophies. I tried the Persampiere. As far as comparisons, things are pushing pricey - my salad was a buck or two more than the others and was almost $11. It was a good size, but at Sweetgreen, you'd pay less and get more. My biggest issue wasn't that - I'm used to paying for my salads and for 'local,' but every component of my salad seemed old - greens wilted and not crisp, croutons tough and over-toasted, and panko chicken was lacking the crunch you might expect. Overall, tasty salad, and I'd be interested in trying a stir fry the next time, but with all the great food options in this city and at that price (for a quick bite), I'd be inclined to try elsewhere.I had a cobb salad here.  I was overwhelmed by all the options!  I really like how you can order from the touch screen so you can take your time.  It was very crowded when we went (during lunch hour, obviously) but it was delicious!  The salad was so fresh and just the right portion.  You get a lot of bang for your buck.  Definitely a great lunch spot.  I want to go back and try their stir fry!I love honeygrow. Every time I go I try something new. It's always excellent. I love ordering from the monitors. I never feel pressure to quickly decide & if I change my mind it's fine to make changes. Must get honeybar! I just wish there was one closer to me.I am in Love! Yes it  is pricey but the food is so good!  I did the make your own, with the help of a very nice lady who worked there, and since it was my first time selectd a awsome combination of chicken and shrimp, along with red onion, fried shallots, green pepper, with a rice noodle base and the mild garlic sauce. The food was AMAZING!I love their honey, fresh fruit, and fresh food. But i went their today and order 2 fruit parfaits. When i arrived home i found out they had forgotten to put YOGUIRT and HONEY in the parfaits! I was sooo upset! But they proceeded to contact me and right the whole situation. I am happy toward te service and the products of honeygrow and will continue to be a customer!One of my favs! Best salads and stir fry in the city! Love the farm to table food and ordering is a cinch!Not bad and I love the fast casual concept. But not as good as stir fry from an authentic Asian restaurant that usually charges less. Good place to get salads but I'd go elsewhere to get stir fry!Great ambience - clean and bright
Ordered their salad - kiosk very easy to use delighted to see many uncommon ingredients/dressing
Price - ~$13 w extra protein & bread so really fair to me
Extra point for that when I sat down it was close to 10pm. Even they are closing soon I never see anyone saying / signaling that we should leave soon.Kudos to this new concept in providing healthy, fresh cooked food on the go.  Stopped by for the first time on a Friday nite because of the  yummy smells wafting onto the street..  I was confused by the touch screens at first  but Helen? was encouraging and friendly, helping me sample the five-spice BBQ stiry fry before I ordered.  It was tasty and a real pick me up to have a rainbow of vegetables and delicious noodles.  Only request was to tone down the music, it is hard to relax, nibble and digest good food when the speaker is blaring above.  Compliments to the hard-working young folks slinging the woks and keeping things moving.All I can say is: WOW.  The staff & the food are as excellent as ever and I'm a really big fan of the touch screen system.  I'm not the best when it comes to ordering food - in fact, i'm extremely indecisive.  However, with Honeygrow's clear-cut options as well as picture icons that tell me exactly what I'm ordering - I felt there was no confusion what so ever.  I didn't have a long wait at all when receiving my food.  The moment I got it, my co-workers and I looked at each other and lit up.  We've never tasted such amazing stir-fry before and the salads are incredible as well.  The best part about this place is that when we were done with our healthy meals - we could indulge in the healthy dessert; a honey bar.  Nothing tops off an amazing meal better than fresh fruit, coconut shavings, and chocolate chips with honey drizzled on top.  
I will definitely go back to this place as often as possible.  It was a hectic day for sure because they had just opened the doors - but despite this, the staff was as friendly as can be.  
As for the negative reviewers rating Honeygrow with 1 star - you clearly have zero knowledge of what a small and busy restaurant is like on it's opening day.  Along with this, it is evident that you are food snobs.  This isn't some ritzy Los Angeles/New York restaurant - this is an amazing fast and casual place that serves healthy and delicious food.  If you have the audacity to even mutter "the food is a joke" then you can shimmy your butt over to the Ritz a few blocks down and pay over a hundred bucks for something that's more "your style".  The food at Honeygrow was incredible and unfortunately Yelp is polluted with losers like you.
To cap this off - Honeygrow is an awesome restaurant and the food is delectable.  I recommend this to any Philly Foodie because it's truly the place to go for a healthy meal at any time.Great stirfry and salads.  Crazy popular with the local crowd.  At 2pm on a Wednesday, it was packed.  Good soft drink options as well.  Definitely a place to return to.Yummy salads and stirfrys, decent music on blast, cheap prices, and a nod to bringing in locally sources items when possible: a great addition to Center City dining! Bonus: the workers always seem to be enjoying themselves, even when busy.Great Concept and hope they open more stores.
The automated self checkout is a great way to order and takes away the build up of lines.  Three main categories are stir fry, salad or fruit bar.  There is a large selection of noodles, veggies, meat (and tofu) and sauces to pick from.  Completely customizable and overall a great concept around organic and local produce.
Thee food portion is rather large but I did finish it as it was my first meal of the day.  Sauces were great but did lack some salt in the preperation.The system here is horrible. Very unorganized & a mess. To get in and order & get out is a pure nightmare. I also did not appreciate the lack of communication employees displayed, & they did not seem too happy with having to help customers!Absolutely love it here. The staff is super friendly and its genuine. They are accomodating, helpful, knowledgeable and actually seem to be enjoying work. 
The food is great. And it is worth the cost. The quality of ingredients and speed are absolutely worth every penny. Its literally fast food that isnt unhealthy garbage.Gave it a 3 star because I ordered the stir fry but they forgot to add chicken to it... so I went up to the counter and the guy wasn't too pleased to CORRECT HIS MISTAKE and i dont do well with attitude 
But the stir fry was good , I got the spicy garlic one with chichen and the touch screen ordering system made me think about Wawa. I like the concept of all the fresh food and the fact that they have Sriracha hot sauce pumps/dispenserFood is good but not as much flavor as other honeygrow branches. Last time I went, they served someone before me when I ordered first. Then, they messed up his order and had to give him a refund so my food was sitting there getting cold. When I payed for my food the lady at the cash register wouldn't give me my food until I asked her and she told me to "wait a second miss" when she was just standing there doing nothing. She was a tall skinny African America women. Also, do they train honeygrow employees at this branch to not say thank you to customers? Because at other branches they do.Best Americanized Asian food. I love all their noodle varieties. It's like an Asian food chipotle except that you order on a touch screen. The wait is a bit long, but worth it, the preparation is perfect. Their juice smoothie tastes is pure and healthy.I have to say, after all of the hype I've heard around the city about this place, I was disappointed. We went at the end of the lunch rush, so it was busy but not insane, and we waited much too long for our food. The portions were small considering we'd paid twelve dollars for our meal. I was not satisfied when I'd finished eating, and Honeygrow charges you 50 cents per extra topping. I asked for cilantro and got about four leaves of it. For fifty cents. And it didn't taste fresh either. The food was eh, I've made better stir fry at home. Music was playing so loudly I had to almost yell to talk to a friend who was about two and half feet away. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't good either, I do not think I'll be going back.The food is not bad at honeygrow, but it's self-contradictory. They claim to offer healthy, wholesome food, but the alley adjacent to the restaurant on 110 S. 16th St. is disgusting...filthy trash bins overflowing with garbage, which is an obvious invitation to rodent infestation. 
I saw a couple of well- dressed people enter the restaurant and turn around and leave and I was kicking myself for not following suit. 
It's so disappointing  that a place that "promotes sustainable practices" doesn't consider the environment in which they serve their customers.It's about time someone entered the scene with emphasis on organic, delicious, affordable food! I came here on my lunch break and was pleasantly surprised. Inside the decor is very welcoming, and the staff greeted me at the door, along with the intoxicating aroma of fresh ingredients being cooked to perfection. 
A coworker of mine ordered the Persampier salad (AMAZING), and I ordered the ginger scallion noodles (also, amazing!). Both of us were really impressed, and the emphasis on ingredients is what sets this place apart. Everything tasted fresh, and the combinations of flavors was truly exceptional.  
Beyond the food itself, the actual experience from start to finish was something that I found to be very enjoyable. You are greeted by a very user friendly touch screen interface which shows you the entire menu and the options available to you. However, this is far from overwhelming and allowed expeditious movement of the long line of customers. I was literally in and out in under 10 minutes. Every staff member had a smile on, and was eager to assist anyone. 
Anyone looking to get a REALLY good meal complete with locally grown fare, great service, and an even better atmosphere should head over to this place. Don't pay attention to the haters below, they clearly missed something! I will definitely make this a staple of my weekly diet, and I can't wait to introduce my entire office to this gem!
LONG LIVE HONEYGROW!First time here.  Good concept, heathy foods, quick turnaround, and very welcoming staff.  I'll be back.
Meal and a drink came out to about $11.  Good portions and solid packaging.I was not impressed with Honeygrow. I did like how you can come in and order and pay with the Kiosks -- but I ordered 4 things in my stir fry and 2 of them came out wrong.  That was a little disappointing.  Plus the stir fry I ordered did not have a lot of flavor. Overall, I do not think I would return. For the price, there are other Asian fusion places that have much better, flavorful food.So, I've gone to this honeygrow about 20 or so times now (I work right down the block), and although still pretty good at times, they are very inconsistent. I always order the same thing. Rice noodles with the red coconut curry sauce. There are times my noodles are extremely overcooked and breaks way too easily. Sometimes, the sauce is too watery and doesn't stick well. Oh, and they got rid of the pepper flakes which I really enjoyed. It gave the noodles a nice kick.
The lines are still very long. I went before noon yesterday, and the line was still out the door. I thought me going early would avoid the rush, but nope! The upside is that they are faster at getting orders ready. I remembered waiting a good 30 minutes before, but yesterday was a fair wait time. They also now have a greeter that tells you when the next computer is ready so you're not wondering when you are up to order.Honeygrow is the best addition to Philly yet. The food is soo delicious and full of flavor. You get to watch them make it and it's so fresh. Best part is the staff is super friendly, courteous, professional and attentive. It's evident  that they want to make their customers happy. Love, love love!Really fun place.  Love the different noodle/protein/veggy options.  Great friendly and efficient staff.  Good music and vibe.  I now go often...So so good, with great staff and wonderful vide. Reason for 4 star is that lunch time is a bloody hell with the line right out the door, but that's what to expect from such a great placeI believe my past review was a rare occasion for honeygrow. I went back today and ordered a salad and a honey bar. Although it was pretty crowded, it only took about 5 minutes max.
The salad was much better than last time - enough veggies and chicken to make me happy. The honey bar was also better - I ordered strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, wildflower honey and dark chocolate chips - very tasty. 
I am obviously still a big fan even though that one visit was a bit disappointing.Clean place, and the lunch service was really efficient considering how packed the place is on weekdays.  People behind the counter seem friendly.  Plus for the local focus in a place that is/feels like/aspires-to-be a chain.  Salads are decent - fresh enough and good options.  The stir fry stuff drags this place down.  They managed to make something called "spicy garlic sauce" bland.  It had some heat but very little flavor.  So... meh.  Another lunch option that's already boring after a few trips, and the others I've tried are syrupy, salty goop.The ingredients and concept are equally awesome. However, they are very inconsistent with the preparation of add-ons to the salads. One day the broccoli is cooked to perfection and the next it is raw; the brussels sprouts and sweet potatoes are delicious some days and under cooked the following. There needs to be more consistency with that. Also, I really think they should cut up/shred the spinach leaves. The leaves are sometimes are large as the take-away container, impossible to eat without cutting the leaves up. That extra step during prep would really make the salads easier to eat and make the entire experience more enjoyable.Yelp reviews on this place made me want to check this out with my lunch buddy.  This cute fast food type of place was located right off Rittenhouse square.  There are a bunch of tables but they were all taken.  The line was out the door.
4 kiosks were available to take your order.  First I thought "how impersonal" then I thought "ohhh my order should be perfect".   It was perfect.  The wait was not very long to order my food or to wait for my custom meal.
I decided to 'Create my Own"  I had egg white noodles with chicken, mushroom, bean sprouts, bell peppers, roasted cashews, cucumbers and lite soy sauce.      They definitely could have used more chicken as I barely saw it in my container.   Tons of noodle.  Although I said lite sauce I still had a bunch of bottom of my container (I wonder if it's light sauce).  It was very tasty.  The portion was huge so I tossed about a third.  There is only so much noodles a girl can eat in one sitting.
My buddy had tofu, brown rice, pepper, broccoli, carrots, pineapple, scallions, cilantro and red coco curry sauce.   She really loved it.  She wants this to be one of our regular lunch spots.  I agree.
Price is reasonable - a bit under $10 for each of us.
The staff was very friendly and they had one person cleaning tables and talking to guests.  
There was plenty of staff working behind the counter/grill.
We will be back.I love that this place provides healthy food made with local products.  Everything I've had from stir frys and salads, to the honey bar and smoothies has been delicious.  I also like the touch screens and that you can create your own items.  The only downside I would list is that they get crazy busy during lunch and it's hard to get a table.Such great food! This is my quick, counter-service go-to spot! I've never had a bad experience. I love the food and the friendly service! Even during he busy lunch hour, this place keeps their cool!How are you guys so inept that you sent me a chicken stir fry two times in a span of an hour? I specifically ordered a vegetarian stir fry, and called the manager the second time I ordered to tell her to ensure that it is vegetarian. Completely ridiculous that your staff can't follow simple instructions or read plain English for that matter.I loved the atmosphere of honeygrow .. the staff was very friendly, and there was a long line of people (but it was pretty quick!) ...
I ordered a vegan salad while my friends ordered stir frys (coconut curry and spicy chicken, I think?). They told me that the stir fry was very good .. one commented that coconut curries normally don't have a very pronounced coconut flavor, but with her stir fry, she loved that it had a stronger presence.  
As for my vegan salad, I liked the mixture, but I didn't enjoy the sesame chili dressing. Note to all: honeygrow spicy does NOT equal U.S.-spicy! (I personally find the latter a little pathetic while the former was surprisingly a bit too much. I had brought a little thing of sriracha to add, but it was not needed) ... 
Definitely coming back to try their other foods. Also, the sample of the smoothie was refreshing and sweet with a great balance of flavors (I think that day it was orange, strawberry and pineapple).If this place didn't stress me out so much, I'd come a lot more often.  Knowing how crowded it gets, I planned to arrive around 11:30 to try to beat the lunch rush, but it was still crazy town when I got there.  The fact that most of the touch screens were out of order made it a little more hectic than usual.
I work really close to honeygrow, and have been a few times.  I've sampled their stir fry (meh) and their salads (yum) so far and plan to try out the honeybar and their smoothies at some point too!  Today I got the warai greens salad (parmesan pear vinaigrette, romaine & arugula mix, panko crusted chicken cutlet, red onion, strawberries) and swapped out the sesame sticks for honey roasted cashews.  Great decision.  Sometimes I'm wary of fruit in salads at chains, but my berries were fresh and ripe!
Last thing - honeygrow, please fix your touchscreens so you don't have to press them a bajillion times (each time a little more aggressively/angrily) to register a selection.  I would love you so much more.  Kthanks.For $8 a pop I'd expected more than 90% noodles. I could barely even tell if there's sauce in this because i dont see any red coconut sauce....now that i think about it, they probably forgot it and the coconut taste was from the chicken...How many thai basil did i get in here? I saw probably 2 leaves. Sure i wasn't expecting a truly authentic stir fry but they were pure stingy with the ingredients.
I could walk into any asian place and get something more for my buck than this place, except okay, this place is 'healthier' in the sense that there's less oil. All in all, im paying way more for way less. Not a fan.last night was my first time eating here. I like the computer ordering system. Service didn't take to long. The food I can tell it's good even though I made a few poor choices for our taste preferences. But I'd try again.Tried the fresh fruit honey bowl. Liked it very much especially the honey part. It had a thick earthy taste to it.The food itself is tasty, but for $10 a dish plus tax (on average), it is way overpriced.  I've also noticed that the portions are getting smaller over time.  You should also beware that if you don't eat noodles or rice, they do not supplement your stir fry with more vegetables if you cut out the noodles or rice.  I watched them hand my friend what looked like a handful of stir fry in a largely empty bowl for $10.  The fact that the woman expediting orders did not flag that bowl for portion issues is very disappointing.The place was mobbed for lunch on a weekday.  I got a salad with 5 ingredients at the most and drum roll please................................. $17!!!!!!!!!!!!
In my 28 years, I have never spent that much on a salad.  Stupid me, swipes my credit card instead of walking the heck outta there.  
I said to myself, this salad better have truffles in it or I'm going to make a scene.  I was handed my order and it was literally half the size of a salad works salad.  They packed all of my ingredients into this little bowl and made sure to include a few sprigs of lettuce.
Now, $17 later, I'm still hungry and going over to Coventry Deli for a sandwich.  I will go back to Honey Grow and try their stir fry which I hear is very good.
PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THOSE PRICES AND INCREASE YOUR PORTION SIZE IMMEDIATELY.  It was lunch time, not snack time.Amazing! Exactly what Philly needs. All the ingredients are farm fresh and it shows in the end product. I love the wall of hot sauces, microbrew sodas, list of local farms they buy from, and great music. My order of stir fry in oyster sauce was delicious, the fresh pineapple (not canned) pops in your mouth. I'll def be returning when I'm back in town.After a long absence, I came back to give Honeygrow one more shot.  I ordered a Persampiere Salad, which with tax, came out to just north of $11.  Everything about the service was fine: the electronic ordering machine worked without a hitch, and I barely had to wait for my salad once I ordered it.
However, when I got to the bottom of my salad (which was actually kind of good: really liked the panko crusted chicken and the tomatoes.  The arugula, dressing, and red onion: so-so), and put one of the final few forkfuls in my mouth, I bit into a small piece of chipped white plastic.  How did it get here?  I have no idea.  It didn't match the plastic of the utensils or the bowl.  All I know is that I paid over $11 for a locally-sourced salad and one of those sources was a plastic something that somehow chipped and made its way into my lunch.  Gross.  Just...utterly gross.  I threw out the rest of my salad.
Save your money and go somewhere else.This was my first time coming to the center city location, though I've visited the one on City Ave multiple times. The busy-ness of center city made eating here kind of annoying in comparison, especially with the double entry doors that make it hard to leave if someone else is trying to come in at the same time. It's my go-to place to grab a bite when I find my self in Bala Cynwyd. 
Anyways, I do really love the concept of Honeygrow. It's kind of like Chipotle but for stir fries and salads because you can completely customize your meal. And they source their ingredients locally whenever possible, which is great environmentally and great for freshness. I'm not sure how they priced adding certain things. It all comes in the same sized box no matter what, so if I add six vegetables instead of three it's not like I'm actually getting more food but I do pay $0.75-1.25 for each extra ingredient. That reallllly adds up quickly. Some of the sauces for the stir fries could be better--they definitely need more flavor! 
I can't really speak about the "honey bar", but I did try an apple pie smoothie that was very sweet, but that's too be expected with an apple pie smoothie.I had a nice experience. It's a quick service lunch spot, where you order on a touch screen and do it yourself. The people were happy and got the food out relatively quickly. Quality of food was higher than expected. Overall pleased.Honeygrow was just what Philadelphia needed.  PLEASE open more center city locations.  The lines keep people (like me) from visiting more regularly.  The salads are wonderful, the options plentiful, the quality great and the staff friendly. Plus - the order system is awesome. Super easy. If you are a tofu fan, be sure to try theirs.  It is by far my favorite salad topping.
More Honeygrow please!Stir fry is good.. must try. easy to order, customizable, quick and tasty. Been here for lunch, and have picked dinner as well.Price - $ (Cheap)  
Taste - Fresh healthy
Good: Smoothies
Honey grow is a fantasy land for Veggie lovers. Fresh fruit, veg and clean store for dining.
They really built up a good environment for healthy clean image. The open kitchen helps you see all the food making process. The self ordering system also easy to get use to it.
I personally like their juice. Unlike many beverage stores tend to put a lot of sugar to make juice taste better, Honeygrow really use fresh fruits for juice. And it taste very nature. Sometimes smoothie mix with lemon may taste sour, but you know it was made by true ingredient.
I will strongly recommend their salad and orange smoothie for a hot summer day chill.This was my first time there, although it's been around awhile and is right next to my office.  Anyway, I've heard good things and plenty of friends/colleagues have had positive reviews.
They have someone waiting at the door in case you need any help, but it's basically a Wawa setup, walk up to the screen and place your order.  Very user friendly.  There isn't much space to stand and wait once you've ordered, so there is an awkward shuffling of people and hovering around those sitting down.  But they do turn orders around quickly so the feeling is temporary. 
I ended up ordering one of their Philly Roast Pork stir-fry; which is noodles, roast pork, broccoli, spinach, chili flakes, and some Asiago cheese.  All in all, it was a very solid dish.  Good flavors and just the right amount of heat.  It tasted fresh and had a great contrast of textures, I would probably get it again but would try something else the next time.
My only complaint was the amount of oil, it was swimming in it.  I didn't necessarily think I was eating healthily with that order, but any notion of health was washed away by it.  
I will definitely be back to try some smoothies, salad, and other stir-friesGreat concept. Easy onscreen ordering. Yummy super customizable salads and stir fry. Plus food with a conscious always tastes better.Went to honey grow for the first time in forever to treat myself to some stir fry and ended up vomiting not only my food but blood and also had not so great things coming out my other end... Afterwards was reassured by a friend who was an ex employee that their food practice was garbage. I have a stomach of steel but I guess honeygrow has broken it. NEVER AGAIN, watch what you eat guysCame here for a quick lunch. The line is long, and this place is crowded. Order is fast but waiting for the food can take a bit.
The coolest part of this restaurant is that you get to order through a screen--very trendy and very efficient. I ordered stir-fry with rice noodle, turkey, mushroom, spinach, chili flakes, and broccoli. After three toppings, you have to pay extra. I did not get any sauce.
The portions are very large, I could barely eat half of it before I got full so I would say that for about ~$8, the stir fry is definitely a good value. I wish the container they put it in was a bit larger because the noodles were overflowing as I ate them and it became quite messy. 
I had been warned before that honeygrow can get quite oily, but the rice noodle was perfectly fine; in fact, id say it was actually a bit dry. I didn't get any sauce but the stir fry was still VERY flavorful. So if you're into saving a few calories, i don't think the sauce is necessary at all. 
Overall, this restaurant is a trendy concept and a good value. It's not super fast if you're in a hurry because it took my coworker and I around 15-20 minutes to get our food. Perhaps this was an isolated incident, but the wait is not as fast I would've liked. Otherwise this is a great place to get lunch during work!I have been to Honeygrow twice now.  The first time for salad, the second for stri fry.  The two experiences could not be more opposite.  I loved the salad combination (Persampiere).  The croutons were flavorful and crunchy and coupled well with the dressing, which I had on the side, and the grape tomatoes and arugula.  The salad was heavy on the toppings and could've used more of an arugula base.   I wasn't a big fan of the chicken, but overall I would give the experience a 3.5/5.
My second visit was a huge dissapointment. Since I had success with the salad I decided to branch out to the stir fry.  Big mistake!  I order the Indonesian BBQ and was really dissapointed.  The ingredients seemed fresh, but the sauce was salty and flavorless. After eating half of it at my desk, I decide to "save it for later," which is code for letting it go bad in the fridge.  
As others have mentioned, consistency is a huge issue at Honeygrow.  I might go back to try out the salads again but am stearing clear of the stir fry for the foreseeable future.  I liked the vibe but probably wouldn't want to stay and eat there because of the loud music and open kitchen.The customer service here is excellent! I was contacted about my issue and I gave it another shot. Everything was delicious! They even have a staff member who checks on everyone to see how things are going. A little heavy on the tofu but really great stir-fry. I will be back.They need to do a better job of checking to make sure that what is stir fried is in fact what you ordered. I specifically remember adding basil and bean sprouts to my order. When I got my order and went home, I realized they neglected to add these requested items and the sauce tasted different. There should be a way to tape the order to the box and the cashier person just double checks, instead of trying to look at the ingredients and then assuming its the right order. Especially if you have multiple orders completed, its easy to give someone an order that isn't theirs. This is the second time it has happened to me. I will no longer go here.I eat here a couple times every week because it's quick and open late. The salads are good, a little expensive, but you can get some great ingredients. (The tomatoes have been disgustingly mealy recently but I'm assuming that's an anomaly).
Recently I've noticed a big change in the attitudes of the people working there. Last week a manager was shouting at her employees, trying to gather them all together so she could tell them something. Listening to her patronizingly and rudely get their attention was really unpleasant. I can't imagine she does a very good job as a manager, and I can't imagine who would want to work there! It's an open kitchen, if the people that work there don't deserve to be treated that way I certainly don't want to listen to it -- let alone support you with my business. 
And then today the woman making salads was yelling out numbers in this angry, bitchy, tone. I was flabbergasted. She was acting so rude, slamming things around, and I have no interest in helping give her a paycheck.
Honeygrow needs an attitude adjustment before it's too late!One of the most customer friendly honey grows I've ever been to. David Walker provided one of the best experiences, extremely knowledgable and friendly. He helped me completing my order. If you ever come by this honeygrow, make sure you ask for David!This place is definitely a keeper.  I've read about it and just now stopped by for the first time.  Food is very fresh... but my only complaint is that it appears as though the chicken in my stir fry was pre-cooked.
The problem here is that when you make a stir-fry that way, the chicken really doesn't take on the flavors and it can tend to be (and was) a little dry cause it was over cooked.  I'd like to think that this was due to the pending lunch rush that was about to ensue....and let me tell you..there was a huge rush that came in.
Beyond that observation on technique, I feel the overall order was cooked properly and very tasty.  Staff is very friendly and I'll definitely be back.Love me some Honeygrow. Fresh ingredients & so many options (if you're an indecisive, semi-insane person such as myself, ordering could take a solid half an hour). 
The touchscreen order machines are super convenient, but it gets crazy crowded during peak hours so plan accordingly. I've probably tried 10 different combos of stir fry/ salad, and I've never been disappointed.