Honest Tom's is one of my fav places for Mexican food around Penn campus. 
I am a vegetarian and I have tried their rice and bean, sweet potato burritos and tacos! I love the sweet potato tacos - the sweet potato pieces were fried n crispy, together with other veggies plus sauces the tacos were delightful! I would recommend splashing a little lime over the tacos because it was missing during my recent take-out.
I like hot and spicy food and Honest Tom's has a good set of sauces to go with their food. I really like their spicy taco sauce and jalapeño sauces.
Food's a little pricey, $6.50 for 2 tacos and ~$8 burritos..however the portion sizes are a little bigger than those in food trucks.
I just have one complaint: they don't deliver anymore....sad because I would love to get their food delivered for meetings at work, oh well!Good tacos. The fish tacos are amazeballs but they aren't always on the menu. I wish they were. The burritos are also good and fairly priced. And the setting was great, very welcoming and comfortable. That staff was very friendly as well.5 stars just for the sweet potato burrito. It is definitely 2 meals in one, stuffed with flavorful ingredients. I especially appreciate the hefty portion of guac included. I want to try other things on the menu, but I can't help ordering the sweet potato burrito over and over because it is so good.Honest Tom's breakfast tacos are my FAVORITE breakfast. The prices are incredible for the amount of food you get. 2 tacos and a cup of coffee is the perfect amount for a good breakfast. Whenever family or friends come to visit us, we always make sure we take them to Tom's. When moving to Philadelphia this summer, I made sure my apartment would be walking distance!We live nearby and it's a little gem in our area. Been here a few times and the place is quaint and the staff is very friendly. Tacos are fabulous!  We have been to El Rey and I like Honest Tom's tacos just as much and for a slightly better price. They have the best fish tacos I've ever had. We usually get most if not all the tacos on the menu. We can easily walk or bike here but parking has not been an issue.  If you like tacos, you must come to this charming place!Tom's is fast and delicious! And they only have a few choices, which makes the decision-making easier.  I eat here regularly!I stopped in here for a burrito last month and it was excellent. Great ingredients, well spiced, and quick service too. The seating is a little cramped, but that's what I would expect for a small taco shop in university city.Absolutely no frills. Just some solid food, didn't really think the prices were bad. Got two steak tacos, were on fluffy corn tortillas which were pretty good sized. Nice amount of guac and pico de gallo. Also got a side of chips and guac. The guacamole is pretty solid, and they give a good amount of it. Like their chips. This isn't authentic Mexican food in taste, but I think they general spirit of the place feels like an authentic Mexican taqueria. Just put out some good simple food in a nice simple setting. Like that they have valentina salsa, maybe I missed it, but wish there were some cut up lemons.
Really like this place, wish I lived closer.good burritos. tacos seemed overpriced. quick service and yummy sauces.Now I know what all the accolades, long lines in Clark Park is all about! Yup, I FINALLY got to try Honest Tom's. We would be walking in Clark Park and see the long line as we strolled through the Farmer's Market. I also recall reading a nice article a year or so ago in the City paper. So, when i read another article in City Paper that they opened up a store front, I definitely made it a goal on my new restaurant "to do" list! So, on this beautiful, spring evening, my friend suggested we try Honest Tom's.....
I ordered the Chicken tacos. my friend ordered beef Burrito.
1. Taco - the chicken was tender , moist and flavorful. I loved getting Guacamole on a meat taco. Yum! Tacos were very good and a good deal for $6. They use chicken breast and the pieces were big pieces not shredded, which is my preference. 
2.  My friend liked her burrito, although she said the meat was a little bit greasy. The burrito was HUGE and was $8.00
The service was quick and friendly. They even sent my receipt to my email address.
FYI -  Tom said the truck will be be in action late March. Saturdays in Clark Park and M - F in the usual spot near Drexel.
We will be back again!!The steak burrito is the best burrito I've had in the city. Also, very reasonably priced. Go there if in West Philly, you won't be disappointed. Just don't get the chicken, because meh.Honest Tom's is one of my favorite places to eat in West Philly. They only have tacos and burritos on the menu as well as a couple sides but that is all they need. Since you get two tacos with an order my favorite thing to get is one sweet potato and one chicken, both of which are very tasty. I don't really like the burritos except for the breakfast burrito. I wish they had more seating available because sometimes you just can't sit down. During the warmer months they have seating outside though, which helps things to clear out a bit faster. The ingredients are fresh and you can watch them cook while you wait. Tacos are only $6 for 2 and burritos are $8 which I think is very reasonable. The chips and guac are also very good if you feel like chipping in the extra bucks. It's a great place to go with just one or two friends so you have enough space to sit and (from University City at least) you have some company for the walk!Honest Tom's has been a little like Lil' Sebastian for me. At different Penn events, HT would cater and I'd be left wondering what was wrong with me as everyone raved how good their food was. After visiting them at their location, I now realize that 99% of what makes Honest Tom's good is how fresh the ingredients are. You can see them making it almost right in front of you.
Even at the height of brunch last Sunday morning, our orders were taken quickly and we got our food within 5 minutes. I had the two breakfast tacos while my friend had the burritos. The bacon and salsa was delicious, but the overall combination of ingredients wasn't great, and I ended up taking the filling out of the tortilla. 
On the plus side, Honest Tom's has a great location and atmosphere, with no sense of being rushed when you are enjoying your coffee. Since I live so close, I will definitely be coming back and enjoying more tacos in the future.Never fails to please! I may actually visit my friends in this neighborhood more often just to have reasons to visit Tom's! My favorite is the steak and yucca burrito. You won't be disappointed!This is a neighborhood gem! I come here regularly and my go to is the beef burrito. It's almost always two meals for me. Comes with guac and a bunch of other delicious fillings. Way better than any chain Mexican restaurant.Add Honest Toms breakfast burritos to your Sunday (or any other day) routine. Almost every Sunday, I stop by Honest Toms for a breakfast burrito with bacon. Don't let long lines scare you away. They fill orders quickly and the wait is well worth it. Seating is limited, but when weather permits, sit in the parklet or take your burrito to Clark Park. This is a monster of a burrito - filled with breakfast potatoes, eggs, black beans, pico de gallo, delicious creamy sauce, and guac. Be prepared to be very full afterwards. Don't miss their sauces! My favorite is the mild taco sauce, but the Halloween is delicious if you like spicy. 
Be aware that they only serve breakfast on Sundays. If you visit on a different day, the sweet potato burrito is also great! For kids, they also do quesadillas if you ask (I think for $2)You won't regret going here instead of Chipotle.
Homemade, fresh food.  I like the pork burrito best but they're all good.  Nice staff. You can see the cooking facilities are cleaned well & it's fun watching the kitchen staff cook the food.My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch 2 weekends ago and boy, do we regret it.  My boyfriend ordered a breakfast burrito, and when he was about to finish it, he found hair at the bottom.  He was grossed out, but at that point, he was 95% finished, so didn't say anything to the staff.  
I ordered two tacos and I am glad I stopped to check after he noticed the hair (he eats so fast compared to me) - I looked down and not only did I pull out a long, brown hair from the taco I was eating, I found another hair in the second taco. I was so grossed out; I put them in a napkin, told the guy working the register, and he told me I have to talk to another guy he pointed to (no apology at all).  When that guy walked over, I started explaining - hey, we found three hairs between our two meals.  I started to open the napkin to show him and he just grabbed it out of my hand and made two new tacos.  Why on earth would I want more food from that place?!  I wanted my money back, but when I tried to get his attention again, I felt he acted as if he could not hear me (but to be fair, the place was filled with rowdy frat guys).
And speaking of the clientele, I found them to be rude and very loud.  Look, I get they are near colleges, but it was just not my cup of tea.The breakfast burrito is unreal and gigantic. Make Honest Tom's a morning stop.I just had the best chicken burrito I've ever TASTED! At $8.75 it was a little pricey, but it was HUGE and worth EVERY penny! I was full of flavor, hot and juicy! It's a no frills dive that pretty much sells burritos, tacos and chips and salsa. But CLEARLY they operate under the concept of selling just a few things and getting them right. Not much available seating even with the UCD parklet right outside, but who cares if u live in the neighborhood like me. This place is DELICIOUS and I will definitely be back!Recently had their fish tacos and ofcourse they were just as amazing as the last time I got them. The pineapple salsa was the best pineapple salsa I've had in a long time! Also they sell their hot sauce by the bottle now! 
If they have a special- get it! Their specials never disappointA small joint with no a.c. but worth a try! Love how they are generous with their quacamole!!The chicken burrito is amazing! The meat is really well seasoned and the other ingredients tast really fresh. 
Chips and guacamole are also great. I got salsa as well once and that was pretty bland, more like plain chopped tomatoes and onions.
Absolutely worth the trip to West Philly!This is our neighborhood go to. Food is made fresh to order and great portion size. Fish tacos in the summer are a must have! Guacamole was also delicious although price somehow seemed to fluctuate because of the great avocado shortage of 2017? No clue how this is possible when everywhere seems to offer avocado toast. Something seemed slightly off last time I ordered. Supplemented with peas?? Haven't ordered since. Been wooed by nachos which have been a great  substitute until avocados are plentiful again. Little picky eaters in your family? They offer kids quesadillas not listed on the menu.Went here for a breakfast burrito on my way out of town and reconsidered leaving at all. It was AMAZING. I dream of their breakfast burritos and wish they had a location closer to where I lived. Haven't tried the rest of the menu but can't wait to go back to try more of what they have. Small location, beware with a larger group. Service was quick and the food is high quality.I came here with my bf for lunch last week. Although there are very few seats, the turnover is pretty fast, so we were able to get seated within minutes. It seems like most people pick up their order to go. While the menu is limited to tacos and burritos, everything is fresh and made to order. $6 for 2 tacos isn't cheap, but the tacos are huge and very filling. They come with salsa and guacamole unless you tell them otherwise. The taco fillings we got were chicken, pork, and steak & yucca. All were warm and delicious! The yucca added crispy texture to the tacos. The shells were soft. The fillings were moist and well-seasoned. The service was a bit insipid, but overall, it seems like a pretty solid establishment. The person sitting next to me had a very yummy-looking burrito, so I'll have to come back to try the burrito next time.I can definitely appreciate a place with a simple menu since it usually takes me longer to make up my mind about what to order than it does to actually consume it.  
We came on a Sunday morning and the options were 2 tacos/$6 or a giant-ass burrito for $7-both came with eggs, potatoes, pico, guac and w/or without bacon.  
Since I'd just consumed McD's 2x within 12 hours AND 2 meat pies, I opted for 2 tacos rather than attempting to fill my belly to the brim and risk exploding.  
Tasty breakfast tacos, not quite as good as the ones in Austin, but when you're a Yankee, sometimes that's the best you can do.
My only grip was not about Honest Tom or the food, it was about the annoying group who saw that there were a ton of people in line for food and waiting to eat.  Rather than evacuating, they decided to spread out their newspaper and set up camp after they finished their tacos.  As Stephanie Tanner would say "how Rude!"Tried it out for the first time and it is awesome. I used Uber eats and got the Uber eats bowl with chicken with mild sauce. I should of ordered two lolOk so I gave you guys a five star rating but I was actually contemplating a four star rating ( because you took away the Steak Tacos which are the best TACOS IN ALL OF PHILADELPHIA!!!). So the attendant said you got rid of them because they were too costly. But honestly Tom I would pay whatever price difference for the steak!!! You have the most amazing food!!! But you removed your blue ribbon item from the menu!!! PLEASE PLEASE BRING THE STEAK BACK!!!! I can't give you a four because you are a five but I can't believe you took away the steak!!!!I'm a big fan of the sweet potato tacos and burrito.  I've also tried the chicken burrito, which was tasty.  I usually get takeout, since it's right in the neighborhood, but I ordered delivery last night and it was very fast!  (This was surprising, because my takeout usually takes a while.)I once called this place the "best burrito place EVER" and I have convinced many others of this as well.  I work as an ICU nurse and your breakfast bacon/ chicken burritos were the perfect fuel for a tough day. But now your menu has gone completely vegan??? Not even vegan optional; just straight vegan What happened to giving customers a choice? Would it be too much to at least keep chicken/ eggs (free range) on the menu??? Eating animals doesn't make anyone a bad person. 
Sadly you will lose loyal and satisfied costumers who have been eating your delicious food since Honest Toms was a small food truck.
Farewell "Honest" Tom.I have been wanting to try Honest Tom's for the longest. When I heard about their taco truck, I could sadly never get a long enough lunch away from the office. Then they gave their truck away and made a new home in Univ. City... Way too far for me to visit on a lunch break.
Until ---!!! Friends of ours suggested Honest Tom's on our way up to the Mann for a concert. Whoo hoo, better late than never!
I had the Pretty Ricky's Fish Tacos. A pinch too salty for my taste buds but not a deal breaker. My belly was pretty happy. The mister had the pork tacos and he devoured it. Our party shared chips with guac and salsa. Guac was good, definitely for the avocado lovers. Salsa was decent too but the guac totally stole the show, sorry. Best part? The chips! They have got to be the chips from Tortilleria San Roman. I definitely eat them way too much that I know this. Kudos, Tom - You have great taste in chips. 
Indoor seating is minimal, but outdoor seating in the summer makes for a lovely evening.FINALLY! a REAL burrito place in the city. I can eat a lot, and their chicken burrito was enough to set me into food coma status. I ate so much it hurt. Great quality, great portions, and casual atmosphere. Only thing is that it is in w. philly, so it's soo far for me, but worth the trip. Expand to south philly please!Consistently great tacos for a great price in a laid-back atmosphere. Chips n' guac are generous and delicious. Probably my favorite place for a quick bite in University City.Great burrito experience! My wife and I are from California and love burritos about as much as life itself. We have been unable to satisfy our craving since moving to Philly. These burritos are the best we have had yet out here. Still a far cry from what we are used to, but we are very happy to have found Honest Tom's Taco Shop. We look forward to exploring more of their menu!Two delicious tacos for $6. And, the chips and salsa? Homemade and fresh. This was a delicious quick lunch! I'm very glad I stumbled upon it in University CIty. It's definitely a repeat spot!Note: I would give 3.5 stars if I could, however I will give them a boost to 4 stars given its value and taste.
While this quaint taco and burrito shop doesn't have any fancy bells and whistles or waiter service,  what it does have is a great mission style burrito and taco options that go beyond the Chipotles and Qdobas of the world into something that makes you feel like you're eating elevated and wholesome cuisine (at the same price!).
While they took away the steak and yucca burrito that was truly special (much to my dismay), their sweet potato burrito is really very good. Additionally, their breakfast tacos are really quite delicious and I think better than their breakfast burrito because it incorporates all of the ingredients better rather than overdoing the egg. Their chicken is slightly too citrusy, but their ground beef burrito is also a nice take on a classic. Their guacamole is a must and their sauces are great as well from mild to wild (in terms of heat).Good ol' Americanized Mexican food.
Honest Tom's makes some of the freshest, most flavorful tacos you'll find in U City. Each meet is flavorful, tender, and always cooked to perfection. The chips are delicious -- thick and crunchy unlike those sorry things you get at chain stores that always break when you try to dip them into something. Also, their guacamole has ONIONS in it! A win if I ever saw one.
And don't even get me started on their burritos. The perpetual line of people out the door can speak for itself. Thankfully, their menu is really short so you don't have to spend the last dregs of your brainpower the morning after a long night out deciding what to eat.
Things to try: Everything.
Things not to try: I lied, don't try the Halloween sauce, unless you're the fearless offspring of a tiger shark and a grizzly bear.
Don't forget: To eat outside when the weather's nice!This is a great hole in the wall place that serves the best breakfast burritos you can get in the city. Hands down, bar none. I came her with my fiance on a whim one Sunday after church, and it was packed with co-eds from Penn and Drexel working off the hangovers. I got one of the breakfast burritos and she got a trio of tacos, and we went to eat in nearby Clark Park. The service was good, but the food puts this place over the top.I own an Honest Tom's Taco Shop t-shirt. I love this place a lot. Tom is a great guy, he does philanthropy with Penn Alexander Middle School every year with the t-shirt sales. I've had everything on the menu except that Honduran fish soup, when they have it. I typically go for the chicken tacos or breakfast tacos (they only serve breakfast on Sundays). Love their halloween sauce. Everything tastes super fresh and is the closest thing I can get to my West Coast Mexican food. $6.50 for two tacos. Yum.Food was okay; good but not great. After reading the reviews, I had high expectations for this place, but the tacos were just okay, and a bit overpriced if you ask me. The burritos were a fair price, however. And the setting was great, very welcoming and comfortable. That staff was very friendly as well. I'd give it another visit, but keep in mind that the food is very bare bones, not super over the top or complex.Literally have never been disappointed. Got the pork tacos and ofcourse they were wonderful. I also love their hot sauce blend. Soooo good. The one thing I constantly tell my mom- Idc what food I have at my wedding but we must get honest toms!Pretty tasty tacos! I had the sweet potato tacos which were a nice mix of sweet + savory. They had creamy guac and fresh salsa on top, very satisfying.
The menu is fairly simple, but it seems like there's something for everyone. I came too late for a breakfast taco, but they sounded amazing! Guess I'll have to come back. Definitely try the homemade sauces - they actually have flavor and some kick, which I've been missing at other Mexican style places in town.Excellent little burrito/taco joint near Penn.  My husband and I make it our ritual stop whenever we are taking our daughter to the Philly zoo.  The inside is tiny and we have never eaten there, we always get take out but there are a few tables to dine at.  Everything is made from scratch and made to order (you can actually watch it being cooked as you wait).  They have a very small menu but the few items available they have absolutely nailed!  Would not change a thing.  We get always get an order of tacos or the burritos which are big......as big as a newborn baby kinda big.  And they are 6 bucks!!!   Can't beat that!  Tons of homemade sauces to try and vegetarian options.  Awesome little place.Awesome!!!  
The tacos and burritos are great (even the breakfast ones)!  But the chips with Peco and Guac combo is the show stealer!!!I go to Honest Tom's a lot, especially when the weather is nice out. The servers are usually nice and I've never had to wait a long time.
I tried the breakfast tacos for the first time today- I enjoyed them  greatly. Adding in bacon was definitely the right choice. I didn't love coffee, to be honest, but fine in a pinch.I went on a Sunday, and they had breakfast tacos only, which were okay. I have to go again to try their real tacos.Best steakhouse in town. A bit pricey but worth every morsel !!
Steak was cooked to perfection and our server Amy was amazing !!This was a very nice lunch spot situated in a cozy, part of 44th street. There was great cute outdoor seating and the staff was friendly and service was super quick. I ordered the pork and chicken tacos, both were very moist and succulent. I particularly enjoyed their three types of hot sauces and the glass coke and old school fanta bottles added a nice touch to the whole experience. Great for a light lunch!Sweet potato burrito is really good. Tacos are very small. Would only recommend take out.First time here! This place was raved by all my coworkers so I decided to take the long walk to Honest Tom's. First order my coworker & I order led the beef tacos, pretty good! Second we spilt the pork tacos; orders come in 2. Personally I liked the pork tacos better. It has a strong hint of lime whereas I think the beef tacos are more on the saltier side. 
Definitely will go back, possible for dinner! 
Do note there is limited seating, two tables & a L-shaped counter with stools.Get the burritos. They are huge. It's like eating an infant - just less creepy of course.
My personal favorite: Pork Burrito. Chicken is a little bland IMHO. Though I liked the breakfast burrito on a Sunday, pork still remains my favorite.
Tacos? Not so much. For the price, they are tiny in comparison to the burritos.Great service and delicious food. I work in west philly and make this my regular lunch stop. I recommend the chicken burrito with everything. Best value in the neighborhood for a hearty meal.Food is fine. Probably a very good spot for vegans and okay spot for meat eaters like me. Hot sauces are good but burritos aren't better than food trucks in U-City. Price is higher than I'd expect for quality and makes me bump it down to 3 stars instead of 4.Absolutely fantastic burritos. There's really nothing more to say. 
This is a small place, so expect to wait awhile if you want to eat in. It's also a little off the beaten path, so a specific trip is in order.It may be in part because I haven't had good Mexican food in so long, but I was very impressed and satisfied by Honest Tom's Taco Shop. I  went with three other people so I was lucky enough to try the chicken tacos, steak and yucca tacos, sweet potato tacos, and a chicken burrito. While my favorite was the burrito, everything was delicious. That coupled with the outdoor seating on a beautiful Saturday night made for an ideal dining experience.I don't even like Mexican food, and I voluntarily eat at Honest Tom's! 
The pork burrito is fantastic.  (I order the non-spicy version)
Not much seating in the little place, but customer service is fantastic.Wow this place is great!!! I love their delicious tacos and burritos. I eat the fish tacos even though I'm allergic to pineapple -- they are that good. Chef Ricky Danz and his sidekick Honest Tom really make it happen. 
My only qualms with this establishment is that it feels deeply unfair that they wouldn't serve nachos?!!!? I mean... I don't think I"m asking too much. 
Thank GOD there's an amazing popsicle store next door so that when I can't have any nachos after my delicious burrito and an ice cold seltz I can go have some tasty desserts.Hands down my favorite taco place in West Philly!  The breakfast tacos on Sunday are fantastic.  The chicken tacos (or burrito if you're really hungry) are my favorite from the regular menu, the sweet potato ones are also a big win for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  The specials are also always excellent in my experience.  The fish tacos were around for a while, and those are definitely awesome, but I think they're gone now.  Just recently tried the shrimp tacos and those were also spectacular (although maybe not quite as good as the fish ones).  And always always get some hot sauce!The perfect College taco bar. Quantities are generous food is delicious served really quickly. Places a little rowdy but ok. I brought my seven and 5 year old there and we all had a great time. Service was really friendly and courteous. Just what you'd imagine from its name. And you won't spend a lot of moneyJust moved in a few blocks away, and my girlfriend was casing out this joint for some time before finally convincing me to get off my lazy ass and go.  Very glad she did!  
The food here is really fresh and delicious.  I've tried just about everything on the menu at least once and it's all awesome.  I'd say the only thing I'm not a huge fan of are the items with sweet potato (the only vegetarian option, I believe).
The reason I'm giving this place 4 stars, and not 5, is for the price.  $6 for 2 tacos is a bit out of my "rational spending zone."  Additionally, the 2 tacos that you do order probably won't fill you up entirely, forcing you to buy 2 more tacos.  If they had a 3 tacos for $8 deal, a 4 tacos for $10 deal, or something of that nature, this place would be perfect.I have been to Honest Tom's a few times and it is a great little taco place. 
Last week, I had the opportunity to have breakfast at this casual spot. I ordered egg tacos and a cold brew. The tacos were very delicious since the ingredients were fresh and everything was made in house. The coffee was very strong and tasty. If you enjoy Honest Tom's during the pm, I would recommend considering it for an am meal. As for service, everyone on staff was upbeat and pleasant (even though it was early).Great food at great prices. Started as a food cart selling breakfast tacos and earned enough for a permanent shop. Burritos are 8.75$ but a very generous portion   Varieties include beef pork chicken sweet potato and even vegan.  They also have tacos quesadillas chips and sodas, but the only no-sugar option is flavored seltzer.  Great for takeout too!I was undecided about what to eat for dinner but I can always eat tacos (or pizza) so I gave this place a try. I ordered 2 chicken tacos and chips with Pico - the tacos were ok; the chicken was seasoned well but the Pico on the tacos surprisingly didn't have much flavor so I was a little disappointed... The chips, which were house made, were delicious and again, the Pico was bland so I couldn't really enjoy the chips muchThis is a really cute place and I had been looking forward to coming here for awhile . I was craving a burrito and my usual food truck isn't open on the weekends :( However I found the burritos to be lacking. The chicken was pretty dry- which to me is the main crux of the meal. However the yummy guac and spicy salsas definitely helped save it. In addition, the cashier was pretty unfriendly, as if it was a chore to serve me.  The girl who called out my name when my food was ready, in contrast, was friendly. Lastly, I was surprised that this burrito was ~9.50. Is tax really a whole dollar? Once again, my food truck burritos are way better and less pricey (plus it comes out to an even dollar amount). I don't mind paying more, especially for a sit down place with multiple employees, but I expect the quality to be just as good as the cheaper places I go to.Honest Tom's is a fantastic taco shop with great food, and an awesome menu. Do not let the words "plant based" discourage you :) It is great for anyone.I went here on a Friday afternoon and it was packed with students and lots of people dining alfresco, good sign! The beef tacos with guacamole were FANTASTIC! One of the diners warned me not to get the burrito unless I was REALLY HUNGRY! I wasn't but the tacos were plenty and good!The tacos are amazing. I love that they use a corn tortilla shell, instead of flour (although you can request flour). It really changes the flavor of the taco for the better, and I much prefer the texture. I'm partial to the chicken, but friends have ordered the beef and the sweet potato and said it was delicious. 
The salsa/pico de gallo is absurdly good, and the tortilla chips are perfect (crispy, not flimsy, non-greasy, and not too salty). 
My only wish is that they had queso on the menu, and offered some more seating inside (I think they could manage, if they rearranged things and had a more space conscious set up).Honest Tom's, you blow Chiptole way out of the water! You are quite out of the way when in a rush but it was well worth the trip! I ordered the Yuca  & Steak burrito and everything about it was amazing! Your ingredients were fresh and the quantity was perfect! At only a little over $8 you are well worth the price!Love their tacos and burritos! Basic fresh ingedients make it soooo good! I've been here a handful of times and they never fail me. The place is small and seats are usually full so I takeout. The prices are pretty good too!Delectable tacos for reasonable prices.
HIGHLY recommend the fish tacos. The first time I tried them, I was blown away. They literally melt in your mouth. 
I also think the sweet potato tacos are tasty, and unique! 
The guac is also fresh and delish.
More than the taste of the food, though, I love the atmosphere. Tom has been there every time I've ordered, and he's so friendly and helpful. It's a cute, intimate shop, and I like it that way. I also still love the truck. And when I'm lazy, I love that you can get delivery now!This is as good as it gets for a breakfast burrito. This is the pinnacle of perfection. The eggs are soft and fluffy, the meat nicely portioned and the potatoes are fantastic. The burrito you receive is about a third bigger than a burrito at Chipotle and twice the flavor. They very clearly use fresh ingredients and care about the food they serve.
But the crowning jewel of Tom's is their variety of homemade sauces and salsas. All of them are in a tie for the best sauce ever.I have dreams about Honest Tom's- it's that good. I had heard all about the truck, but never got to experience it, so I was very excited when the storefront opened. I think I average eating there about once a week, but it's probably a good thing I don't live closer! I have tried every single thing on the menu, but the steak and yucca burrito is the absolute BEST. The breakfast burritos are awesome too and I love that it's low key, has a veggie option, and has outdoor seating. Absolutely no complaints.The food was very very salty - inedibly so..and when I complained, staff argued with me saying sure its a little bit salty, but not VERY salty, and had no alternatives or solutions to offer.This was my first try of Honest Tom's.  I've never been able to make it to the truck, so when the store opened I was very excited.  After getting back to the city from a tennis match, I figured I could stop there on my way home for some breakfast tacos.  I placed my order for two with bacon.  They come pretty stuffed with only one layer of tortilla, so they are a bit messy, and at $6 for 2 a little more expensive than I'm used to paying for tacos.  They are really good though.  The ingredients are very fresh, and everything is prepared when you order it.  I only had to wait about 3 minutes, and they were nicely packed and ready for me to eat when I got home.  I'll be back to try the breakfast burrito and some of the non-breakfast options.  The interior space is small, but there are counter seats and a big table.  Good for a group if you go at an off time, otherwise I imagine it gets crowded.Ran two miles to get here since the shop was closing at 9pm and I had 15 minutes to get there. I ordered a carnitas burrito. I'm mexican and from California. This was a bomb burrito. Great atmosphere as well.Tried their beef burrito again and it was SOOO greasy.
I took the burrito out and put it on a plate. After 5 minutes, it was sitting in a pool of oil. I couldn't eat more than a quarter of the burrito. They definitely didn't drain the beef after cooking it.
The burrito had good flavor but the overwhelming greasiness was off putting.
Only giving stars for the pleasantness of the workers.Honest Toms is amazing!! My husband and I have been craving these burritos weekly since we started eating them many years ago. Also, these guys seriously know how to come through and show up! Background: five days before our rehearsal dinner for 80, our other caterer backed out due to an emergency. Husband and I freaked out for 4 minutes before calling up the first place we could think of with delicious tacos- honest Toms. Not only did Tom immediately send us a text PDF of their catering menu, but he also assured us that he could make it happen, no problem. One contract, 4 days, and a reasonable credit card bill later, honest Toms had set up a delicious and user friendly taco bar at our venue, and people were raving.I've had their tacos twice, once before they morphed into a West Philly taqueria, and once at the new shop. Both times I was disappointed.  The first time I chalked up my experience due to them overreaching as my tacos tasted nothing like they were supposed to taste(ie. curry chicken taco tasted nothing like curry and was bland, etc). The tacos were also pricey, at around 10 dollars for 3.
       The shop itself is a cozy place that has a chill/relaxed vibe to it.  The kitchen is open, so you can see them prepare your food as you wait. I had a chicken and a pork taco, with a carryout order of a sweet potato burrito for my g/f. Both the chicken and the pork taco meat wasn't really that flavorful. In addition  the tacos weren't big enough to justify their individual price tags. My g/f liked her sweet potato burrito, and after eating the 1/2 she didn't eat, I concurred with her opinion. It was much tastier than the tacos I'd had there.
     The service I got at the shop was pretty decent . The servers were friendly and they checked up on me while I was eating.
      It's highly ironic that their tacos are so mediocre considering its their specialty and namesake.  If I wanted tacos and I was in West Philly, I'd rather go a few extra blocks and get the al pastor tacos at Guacamole.Where do I eeeeven begin. Probably like this:
Honest Tom's is greater than Chipotle is greater than Qdoba is greater than any other burrito you've had. 
And that's saying a lot because Chipotle has my heart. 
Don't let outward appearances fool you. It's a small hole-in-the wall place but extremely delicious. They prepare everything fresh and are super speedy. But it you're really pressed for time just call it in so you can walk in and pick it up. (It's great...I have them on speed dial). 
You really can't go wrong with any burrito option, but my personal fav is chicken. I mean any place that can make you like guacamole after you never thought you would is definitely doing something right. 
I also highly suggest stopping by before 12pm sometime to get their breakfast burrito. It's well worth it. Trust me. Food is my life. You won't regret going here.This little unassuming shop in the sweet 44th St hood is commandeering the most incredible vegan tacos behind closed doors!   
This was flavor explosion in every bite!  Not to mention that their guacamole might be the very best I've had.
Upon the recommendation of one of the staff,   I ordered the sweet potato taco and the grilled veggie taco.  Loved the contrast between both of them. They are generous with the filling,  trust me!
They have multiple hot sauce options;  I went for a staff favorite called "Halloween" - excellent!
The limeade was also spot-on.
While the weather still permits,  sitting outside at the little cafe tables was equally lovely.Hands down, the best breakfast in Philly. The breakfast tacos are addicting!The perfect place for Taco Tuesday. Their vegan options were delicious and the pico was plentiful.  It would have been nice for a cheese alternative to have been offered, but otherwise I was very impressed.Little steep in price (beef tacos and a bottle of water was $8 flat) but well worth it. Really good flavor and definitely fresh. First time here and will come back.I'm really sorry but I have to post, even though I never ever do this. But this place has gotten so many good reviews, so I went today for the first time and it was awful. $18 spent on food and everything tasted bad. I got chips and guacamole, rice and beans, and beef tacos. The beef was especially horrid- tasted like plain ground hamburger and then was full of gristle. Had to spit it out. I'm so sorry, but people should know.Best Mexican in west philly. Burritos are awesome. Tacos are awesome. Honest toms is awesome.Big fan of the breakfast burrito here - I opted for no beans. I normally try to get my bfast burritos with over-easy eggs but they only offer scrambled.. I was still happy because they were cooked perfectly..They were fluffy and light and very tasty. Will be back!
FYI they don't have any ketchup! BYO if you like ketchup on your breakfast burritos.3 for $8. Say it with me people. 3 for $8. Until Tom decides to offer 3 tacos for $8, this place is not worth it. Wonderful fish tacos but the only thing ironic about this hipster joint is the fact that you were willing to pay $6 for two tacos.Honest Tom's move from a food truck to a store front has increased their offering of tacos and continued to impress me with generous dulpings of guac and fresh ingredients. I really am a huge fan of the sweet potato tacos on corn tortillas. The sweet potatoes are charred on the grill and just have a nice bold flavor. Honest Tom's taco box, it rocks it rocks.Honest Tom is a legend. Even after going all veggie, these are the best tacos in town. Carbacoa is awesome. A+++++++++ would eat vegan tacos againI really like Honest Tom's. I recommend trying the Sweet Potato burrito! The flavors are great & portion is very generous. Always makes it worth the trip to 44th.they have MASSIVE burritos !!! got the chicken one and it was delicious and you could taste every part but it was a beautiful medley combined... I did see they have breakfast burritos which is a shame because i love breakfast food... I will definitely be back to try a breakfast burrito!!! the walk uphill to 44th is brutal thoA detour to 44th Street occurs almost every time I find myself in the city. 
Outrageous flavors are born at Honest Tom's from the combination of simple, fresh ingredients. The menu is bare bones but certainly memorable! My favorite item is the sweet potato tacos - chunks of sweet potato, fresh cilantro and creamy guacamole make for a serving of 2 mouth watering tacos that aren't overrun by seasoning and are absolutely amazing. 
It's safe to say I will continue to patronize this establishment since I'm pretty sure my perma-craving for those tacos won't be waning any time soon.Good quality tacos! I had the pork ones, and the meat was cooked to a soft, shredded texture and they were generous with stuffing the tacos to the brim with fillings. It came with your standard guac and salsa, and the sauces you could add were pretty good. I came from a town with lots of authentic Mexican restaurants, and the tacos here were no different from the good ones I had back at home. I wish they had a larger menu though - more crazy cuts of meats, for example.We were frequent visitors of HT before the great vegan conversion of 2018. We were fans of both the meat and veggie burritos alike, so we were disappointed to hear that they were going vegan and getting rid of our tried and true favorites. But not so fast to judge, we went back after the re-opening to try the new products and make an opinion of our own. We tried both the new chunken and barbacoa burritos. For the chunken, I found it lacked flavor and found myself relying on the hot sauce (thank goodness those didn't change!), so if your palate fancies mild flavors, that's the way to go. We both agreed that the barbacoa was the better of the two, the lentil mixture was very flavorful. Comment for both: the arugula addition is unnecessary. Arugula is such a strong green that a huge mouthful of raw arugula just takes away from the experience. If they want to have a green, either do something with the arugula (like sauté it) or pick something else, we both found that it detracted from the overall flavor of the burrito. 
Do we still miss the original burritos? Yes. These are not a substitute for the originals, but something completely different, which I think is important to keep in mind. 
What turned us off the most is the increase in price, this is mostly the explanation for the star rating. Are the burritos tasty? Yea. Are they $10 tasty? That's questionable. We definitely will not be going to HT as often as we used to, it will be more of a once in a while thing. If they kept the prices the same and changed to vegan, It would be more acceptable, but it is hard to justify $10 for a burrito, doesn't matter where you go.I'm from LA, so I have high standards for Mexican food. This is a classic Cali-style burrito joint, and it is EXCELLENT. There was a 5-month period I was eating here two or three times a week. Not good for the ol' waistline, my boyfriend kindly informs me. Still I dream of that sweet potato burrito; it's more than enough to fill the belly, and the soul.When I first started grad school at Penn, I would go to Honest Tom's (when it was just a food cart) parked at the Clark Park Farmers Market.  This was  before they opened their new location.  I loved them then, and still love them now!  
Back then, Honest Tom's basically made one thing: Breakfast tacos.  The tacos were filled with eggs, lettuce, veggies, salsa, guacamole, hot sauce, and the option of adding either sausage or bacon, etc.  They were amazing.  I was hooked.  
The food truck was so successful that Honest Tom opened a cute little restaurant in the area.  It's small and a bit of a "hole in the wall," but I like the friendly and chill atmosphere, and enjoy the fact that they now have a larger menu, and places to sit inside when it's cold.  (That was a problem I sometimes encountered with the food cart in the winter.)  My favorite is still their breakfast tacos, which I often order around lunchtime during the weekends.  But I have branched out and tried a couple of the other things on their expanded menu.  Everything has been delicious.  The food is incredibly fresh, and they "hit the spot" when I'm craving southwest food... I love this place!Honest Tom's doesn't appear to focus on presentation much with its plain walls and awkward ordering line. They have a simple menu and not much seating, but there are chairs and tables outside which is great for a summer lunch. The burritos are huge, and you will TRY to tell yourself that there will be some left over for your next meal, but if you're like me, you'll keep eating even though you aren't hungry because it's that good! Great place to practice self control.If you are in Philly, you owe it to yourself to check out this small neighborhood  tacqueria. Amazing overstuffed tacos with guacamole, cheese, and pico. And breakfast on a taco - yes, please. Good mix of neighborhood and university folks too.I think they could have some salsa packets or pre made containters to go, that would be convienient but other than that you order on the phone and pick it up its ready and always delicious. Just Tacos and Burritos, would be nice to have a fish taco shoice too but other  than those few suggestions. 
GREAT PLACE! VERY NICE PEOPLE!Some of the best vegan food I've ever had. The kind of place you can bring non-vegan friends and everyone is happy. Don't listen to the haters, this place is AWESOME. 
Fresh ingredients, generous portions, super quick and easy.A local dude bringing some local Mexican to west Philly.  I dig it.  I've been a patron of Honest Tom since he started showing up with his crazy-painted truck at the Clark Park farmer's market and there was a 20-minute wait for breakfast tacos.  Even though the restaurant isn't on my way to anywhere like the taco truck was, I still make a point to go every weekend.  Good food for a good price in a cute and cozy little place, and the sweet potato tacos are awesome (I haven't yet tried the pork or chicken tacos because I love the sweet potato ones so much).  I don't eat wheat so I don't know how the burritos are from personal experience, but my fiance loves them, and they're seriously two meals worth of food.  The guacamole is definitely some of the best I've ever had.  A number of the ingredients come from local farmers, so that's another big kudos in my book.Adorable place, adorable owner, and life-changing lamb barbacoa tacos.It's only 2 blocks from my house so I've started coming here on the regular for a breakfast burrito. Staff is friendly, and the make the food on the spot (you can watch them cook everything just behind the counter). Ingredients are all fresh and they're very generous with guacamole, which I find is pretty rare. 
The size of the burrito is around Chipotle 4 years ago, and slightly larger than a Chipotle burrito today. Inside the breakfast burrito are scrambled eggs, house potatoes, guacamole, salsa, sour cream, and a secret sauce of theirs. Combined with the variety of hot sauces that they offer (mild has the best taste but no kick) these breakfast burritos are my favorite way to start the day.This place is pretty good for a good price. The actual building is a good size with a little bit of outside sitting. Good prices tacos with good flavor and freshness. The only thing I didn't like about the place is that if you want a cup of water, you'll have to get it from a filtered-tap like thing and I don't think you can get ice.their biff burrito is amazing- love that they're going completely plant based! we've often ordered from here for meeting lunches at my job and the sweet potato bowl was always a major hit even for meat eaters. can't wait to try the new menu items!Overrated for sure.  We were underwhelmed the first time, and still tried Tom's again because of the reviews.  This is total gringo Mexican food.  Not worth the wait or the price.Very small, unassuming taco shop in the middle of west Philly, but definitely one of the best hidden gems of the area. Fresh ingredients, amazing blends of flavors, and the different sauces add as much or as little kick as you want. 
I've tried everything on the menu, and I have never had anything that I didn't like. The breakfast burritos are definitely the highlight though; any weekend, that's the best one to get. My one issue with this store is that they took their steak and yucca burrito off the menu! That was my favorite! Please bring it back!Great local place with fast and friendly service. Prices are on par with the other big name taco and burrito places, but the service is much better here!! The fish tacos are excellent!!Great burrito's, chicken is definitely my favorite! 
The burrito bowl through Uber Eats is also phenomenal, my go-to 'healthy' takeout that's reliably tasty with quality ingredients! Could not recommend more! I often turn the box into a glorified dip for their excellent chips.
My girlfriend also swears by the sweet potato tacos and burrito!This is one of best Mexican places in Philly! We love their chicken burritos and chips/guac/pico. They are always timely, and deliver quality food every time. Recently I ordered via Uber eats and they had forgotten my pico. I called to report what was missing and the guy on the phone immediately told me to reorder via Uber eats and that he would knock the cost off AND deliver the food himself with an extra $5 in the bag for delivery cost. He was so professional and respFast, efficient, and overall great quality. Full all day off of one brick. Highly recommend.Love this place! I always order on UberEats and it always comes hot even though I live kinda far which is nice. The guac is so fresh and they give you a good amount for $8 bucks. The chips are also good, there not real thin.  The pork tacos are so flavorful. I love that there made with cheese, pico, onions, and guacamole. I get a side of sour cream which is homemade it's like an orange color and doesn't taste like sour cream at all but it's good, it's kind of spicy but not too much. Will keep ordering from here the prices are good and so is the food! Def recommendBest burrito I've ever had ! This place has a cult like following... if you're a vegan this is a great place to go their sweet potato burrito is the bombLove this place! I always order on UberEats and it always comes hot even though I live kinda far but is nice. The guac is so fresh and tasty and they give you a good amount for $8 bucks. The chips are also good, there not real thin.  The pork tacos are so flavorful. I love that there made with cheese, pico, onions, and guacamole. I get a side of sour cream which is homemade it's like an orange color and doesn't taste like sour cream at all but it's good, it's kind of spicy but not too much. Will keep ordering from here the prices are good and so is the food! Def recommendI have only ever gotten the sweet potato burrito, which is excellent, and the chips with guacamole - decent tortilla chips, very good guacamole with a generous portion size. I hear the other food is very good too. The shop itself is very cramped, does have some outdoor seating. The shop is not air conditioned and is SWELTERINGLY hot even on only moderately hot days. They have Mexican sodas and Honest Tea I think but no other drink selection.Tucked mid-block of 44th and Spruce not far from Penn's campus, you will discover the best Mexican food anywhere around.  The chicken tacos with everything are deliciously fresh and zesty.  Their signature chicken and sweet potato burrito is enough to feed 3... a gourmet blend of seasoned chicken and fresh vegetables cooked and measured to perfection.  New sidewalk seating is available but it's best for take-out.  A real treat and very reasonably priced.  Wait time is minimal.Never have I craved Taco Bell more.. Kidding. Partially. 
They had great options before the vegan conversion. It's just not a taco without meat, for me. It's meat, cilantro, onion, maybe pico. The guacamole and chips were good but we probably won't be back.  : /Yummm tacos! The tacos are decent size, the fish taco and mango salsa are such a great combo, will definitely try the burrito next time!Tom's... you used to be so good. Now, employees can't even follow the simple instructions of crispy bacon. Apparently, crispy bacon means completely raw bacon, which is what we got a pile of in our breakfast burritos. I wish I could say this was the first time, but after saying "cooked, crispy bacon." To the person who didn't seem to really care this last time. It's hard to want to like a place who's employees can't follow a single, simple instruction...   it's also a health hazard, so order at your own risk.I've been here several times and the food has been pretty good for the most part. I just get the beef burrito and it's usually done very well. On Sundays, they only have breakfast burritos consisting of potatoes, eggs, and bacon which is really good, but really heavy.
Unfortunately, the last time I was there, the service and food was surprisingly bad. I don't know what was going on (it wasn't even particularly busy), but the food - 2 burritos - took forever to come out, had the wrong ingredients in it, and the beef was overcooked so much it was nearly inedible.
Still, it's worth a go. Hopefully that last meal was a major fluke and our next order won't be as awful.Solid burrito, pricier than Chipotle but it's also way bigger, includes guac, and a ton of whatever meat you pick. Definitely worth it.What Honest tom's lacks in interior frills, it more than makes up for in quality. The menu is posted on a large chalkboard which runs the length of the wall to the left of the entrance. The restaurant itself is one room with a few tables, an ordering station, and a kitchen fully visible by guests. Aside from the aromatic advantage of having the kitchen in the same room as the dining area, I find it quite entertaining to watch my burritos being assembled. For vegetarians, I recommend the mixed peppers burrito. I had the seasonal sweet potato burrito last fall and it was pretty good, but the pepper burrito is amazing. The chicken is seasoned very well and portioned appropriately. A few weeks ago, I stopped in for a burrito and was given two tacos instead. I was quite angry at the time because I paid for the burrito, which is a more expensive item, and by the time I got home and realized what happened, they were already closed. Overall, most of my experiences here have been pleasant.Consistently delicious and fresh tacos. You can clearly taste each ingredient and it all comes together for a bomb cohesive taco. I've only had the chicken tacos and the breakfast burrito but the tacos have been the best I've had in Philly so far and I've had my fair share.This hole in the wall doesn't look like much. It doesn't have all the frills of most restaurants these days. We actually almost passed by it because it has such an unwelcoming and modest storefront. HOWEVER, the tacos were the best tacos I've ever had!!!! The fish tacos (which are seasonal, so hurry and get them while you can) were delicious and they have a bunch of their own homemade sauces that you can try with your meal. Beware, the Halloween sauce is VERY spicy! Overall a very satisfying experience.Really good burritos. My favorite is the chicken burritos. It is really fun in the summers to sit outside and enjoy the food. I have not tried their tacos yet which I am definitely saving for my next visit. They just started selling mushroom quesadillas which are quite tasty but on the smaller side. The only complaint is the price but I guess you pay for the great quality of the ingredients and the awesome taste.Cool place, good burritos, BYOB and there's a cool beer shop on the corner with a massive selection.
make sure to check out the ice cream (hand dipped) shop 2 doors down.. amazingI went for the first time today and I will absolutely be going back! They are on my way home from work, so no worries about what's for dinner. I had the chicken tacos and they were delicious. The space is small, but the food is so good that you eat quickly and there is no real need to linger.I live in the neighborhood and so reluctantly, I find myself at Honest Tom's quite a bit. I've even had them cater an event for me. The food is fine, passable, but not authentic Mexican, which is OK, they do their own thing. But if you want real Mexican your better off at Loco Paz (good quality, great price) or Blue Corn (which is authentic and fantastic and the family that runs it is passionate and friendly). My biggest issue with Honest Tom is the service. They're rude and disorganized -- at least at Chipotle they're nice when they serve you mediocre, overpriced burritos.I used to not care for Honest Tom's that much, I don't really care for burritos. I live on the same street and i'm vegan so I was always kind of bummed that there wasn't more than 1 vegan option at the shop, now that it's totally vegan I decided to try it again. 
I've gone twice since the re-opening and as a certified HT hater before i'm probably gonna go there all the time now. The ingredients taste super fresh, the protein options are awesome, I tried the "chucken" which is chickpeas/plantains and it's incredible. I also had the daily special which was "fish-less" tacos that had pineapple and cilantro and they were insanely good (I went back for seconds). They also have burrito bowls, which I don't recall them having before? 
Also the service was still just as fast as before, I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. 
I also want to add it's nice to have a vegan place around with healthier options that isn't just fake meat and soy cheese.Wanted to like this place. Got the beef burrito to go since sitting inside was going to be hectic. Beef in the burrito was plentiful but also dry, tasteless, and extremely salty. The rice inside was very mushy and similarly tasteless. Also annoying was how unevenly distributed the ingredients were. All the rice was packed down at one end. Pico and guac was in first few bites then disappeared. Really was just overdone, salty ground beef in a burrito shell. Hate to knock em, but true.I was just in town visiting and went to this place because my friend suggested. I ordered the regular breakfast burrito with no extras (you can bacon and a couple other thighs for extra $$). The black beans, guacamole and sauce (not too sure what it was) were very good and tasted fresh. The burrito was filling and worth the price! I also enjoyed trying the variety of hot sauces they had available on the table.
I'd recommend going to the place alone or with one other friend. Seating is very limited and your best bet would probably be to get take out. There was a line when I arrived,but it seemed to move quickly. This was at 9 AM in the morning. Since they had a variety of tacos that ranged from chicken to vegetarian options I'd assume they probably have a large lunch crowd. All in all I'd say I had a great burrito experience and you should check it out :).One of the most serious burritos I have ever eaten! I got the chicken sans beans. I don't know what they do to their rice but it was rich and seasoned. My friend and I each got burritos (to go - it was hotter than hell in there on the day of our visit) and we kept wrapping them up and putting them on the coffee table, then just moments later unwrapping and eating a little more. It was so good that we could not stop. Eventually we both shamefully had finished our burritos (washed down with delicious Mexican cokes, the only time a real soda is worth the calories) and slipped into food comas. For the next day or so I felt like every time I ate, I was actually feeding the burrito. Would I do it again? Without a doubt.The sweet potato burritos are the best, even in West Philly where they have competition.  Vegetarian delight.
I go just to watch them turn heaping bowls of avocado into fresh guacamole. This is a great local business with fantastic food!Hands down the best breakfast burrito I've ever had. Think chipotle-sized burrito filled with brunch heaven. Regardless of the state im in, hungover or ready to take the day by storm, Honest Tom's breakfast burritos will hit the spot and leave you wanting more when you wake up the next day. My friends and I go so ceremonially on Sundays that we refer to it as "church," and I assure you the experience is heavenly.I recently moved from the Pacific NW - land of amazing, amazing Mexican food. Sadly, I haven't found many options for Mexican out here and certainly nothing authentic. However, this is a pretty good little find. My only complaint - as other reviewers have mentioned, the price of the food is a little high for the quantity of taco you get. Because of this, I may or may not come back. But, the tacos were great none-the-less.Listen folks. You want some affordable, tasty, down to earth tacos? Well Honest Toms Taco Shop is the place to go. Fast service. Clean establishment. Nice outdoor seating. And once again, SIMPLE. No frills just straight to the point tacos. Wifey and I got 1 order of chicken tacos and 1 order of veggie tacos. SLAMMING!!!! Keep doing your thing Honest Toms. #Philly #foodie So head on down University City and expand your palate.Their sweet potato burrito is my all time favorite! They make the food quickly and have good service. I would definitely recommend if you're in the area!The sweet potato burritos and tacos are solid option.  The homemade  taco sauces have some kick to them and complement the food.  Anytime I'm in University City I hit this spot up!great food. great service. don't get some of the negative reviews. much better than other burritos in area. would much rather support a local restaurant owner too..Why be mediocre at many things when you can be awesome at one or two? Honest Toms has a very small menu, but it gets the job done. I have only been there for breakfast/brunch and ordered the breakfast burrito. It is a damn good burrito and that is all I have to say about that.Ain't nothing wrong with a cute man serving up tasty tacos! 
I ordered take out from Honest Tom's for lunch. The first time I heard about Honest Tom's was like 2 years ago when I saw their cool truck driving around town. I was exciting to see what was up but didn't want to trek out to UCity. Now I conveniently work 5 blocks from their store front. Epic win! 
As a Texas native, I'm a Mexican food snob. I've eaten at 85% of the taquerias throughout Philly. Honest Tom's tacos are pretty authentic. They were fresh and had great flavor. The tortillas were very good. They do just the one thicker tortilla rather than the traditional Mexican two tortilla style. They didn't serve the tacos with lime which was a serious bummer... serious. 
Their tortilla chips are thick and a little too greasy for me. The guac was delicious but again, I could have used some acidity here.. some lime please Taco Man! Their salsa is pico de gallo which I think they should clarify.  It was delicious by the way. 
Check it out, you'll probably love it. Ask the nice man for lime.I had heard about Honest Tom's from my friends who were self-professed snobs in Mexican food. They begged me to try it, and this summer, I finally got around to it - and it is as delicious as it gets (especially for the price!)
For $6, you get two fresh tacos (I had the steak and yucca tacos, which came with guac, cheese, and salsa). For $8, you get a burrito (which I have yet to try). 
Everything is fresh and yummy. Decor is minimal, but you forget about that when you have fresh tacos to enjoy at their outside seating on the sidewalk. Try the homemade popsicles at Lil' Pop Shop next door for a tasty summer dessert.always a solid choice when you're in west philly. great prices for the amount of food you're getting (the burritos are HUGE--enough for two meals, I'd say, but you'll have to refrain from just eating the whole thing since it's so good ha). nice variety of hot sauces. I had the sweet potato burrito for lunch before my first half marathon (.....yea), ate 2/3 of it, and had the rest for part of my dinner. 
Breakfast tacos and breakfast burritos are also fantastic, but my heart's with the sweet potato burrito.Hell yes sign me up and can I be a member?! Love this place and am so happy to see a store front.
I've tried a few things here and will narrow down to the best:
1) Chicken tacos: loaded with guac, salsa and well marinated chicken. Definitely great with the hot sauces they provide on the table
2) Sweet potato tacos: again loaded. But man are these amazing! I was happy to find that it wasn't mashed sweet potatoes, but nice big, grilled chunks of sweet potatoes. The outside almost seemed caramelized.
3) Chicken/sweet potato burrito: I am an absolute burrito lover, but this is the kind of place where I think a taco represent the flavor better. Don't get me wrong, the burrito was more majestic and Khaleesi riding her dragons, but I just liked the simplicity of the taco. I think the burrito kind of mushed all the flavors together, while a taco gives you the chance to taste everything. 
I know I'll be returning. Nice big portions for a good price? Yes please :)Got the fish tacos, I was a fan. Very juicy so make sure not to spill on yourself and use lots of napkins! Service was great, good price and we didn't wait long at all. I've heard great things about their breakfast, so I will most definitely be back.Yay! Sweet potato burrito! 
Hurray! outdoor seating!
Woo! Really good chips!
However: total bummer when it switches to breakfast burrito times. Some of us don't eat eggs and thus, have to wander away burritoless during these large "breakfast" swaths.Love this place. Amazing burritos and vegan friendly. Sometimes though they do not mix the ingredients in well so you might only get let's say guacamole, for example, in one corner. But still yummy and very affordable. Great flavors and great quality.One $9 biff bowl gets you two full meals. Great value for the price and absolutely packed with flavor. I'm shocked how realistic their sour cream tasted. Biff is supposed to be their vegan beef and it's made from walnuts- it tastes like neither but it's legitimately delicious. Coming back for nachos next time!I don't know what they do to their taco meat, but I love it.
The menu is simple - there's only a handful of options to choose from, but that's the beauty.  What better way to master a craft than to hone in on a specialty and make it the best?  Quick, simple, delicious.  
Sit outside and enjoy the neighborhood and your West Philly neighbors.  Eat your delicious tacos with a side of beans and rice.  Watch them cook it, and cheer them on!
Life is good.Whoa nelly. This place is awesome. 
The burrito this place has to offer is outrageous. Cool flavor combinations like steak and yucca, or just your standard rice and beans. Their salsa was unique and very flavorful. Not to mention it's reasonable priced! This place puts chipotle to shame.
Best burrito I've had in Philly so far. Hands down.Love it here. Big fan. Fish taco is so great. I truly enjoy the lazy afternoon sitting outside Honest Tom's with friends. The tacos and soda make it even much much better.Have been a couple times. Wouldn't go back again. Food is bland and the daily special tacos are overpriced. Your best bet if you go is the steak and yucca or I once had a good bite of a ground beef burrito. Chipotle is better and that's unfortunate. Also seating is horribly limited. Wont fault them for that but it is annoying. Stop by for a gourmet popsicle next door at Lil Pop Shop.If you didn't know that this place existed, then you might have totally walked by it without a second glance as the store-front is remodeled from the neighborhood houses. That's one of things that I love about this place: a lovely, vivacious establishment that positively contributes to the community. 
Being a Philadelphia transplant from San Diego, I am always on the look-out tacos that aren't from Chipotle and this place did not disappoint! First off, I loved the simplicity of the choices: burritos and tacos and their respective fillings. Plain and simple, but everything is simply delicious! I would suggest getting the tacos, so that you have the opportunity to try out multiple types of filling they have to offer. From the very first bite, I could tell that the pico de gallo was freshly made and that the various salsas available were made in house. One thing that I would change would be the tortillas: they were the only things that did not taste like they were made in house. 
Anyways, give this place a go and go ahead and treat yourself with the guacamole-- you deserve it! ;)Generally Honest Toms is very non-ambitious... As I write this review, my stomach struggles to digest the bean and cheese burrito...it gurgles and turns painfully....oh god!
Quick suggestion, consider your vegetarian customers:
1) make sure their are no meat stocks in the rice and beans
2) provide a few options that include healthy alternatives to meat; Seitan, tofu, veggie, mushroom etc.A friend of mine recommended this place. I must say, I was truly impressed with honest tom's burritos!! Flavorful to the last drop. :)This is the best! Just had breakfast burritos and tacos. I am so proud and happy for Tom!I really enjoy their beef burritos, breakfast burritos and guacamoles. It's about as authentic as can be expected so very far from Mexico. I miss San Diego Mexican food and I wish they would try taquitos.TL;DNR: EVERYTHING HERE IS DELICIOUS EAT IT ALL.  
Food:  This. Place. Is. Amazing.  Chips are great, tacos are great, burritos are what everyone comes for.  The only con is that on the weekends they only serve breakfast burritos (which is what they were originally known for) so if you get a hankering for their sweet potato and Pork burritos on Saturday, you're out of luck.  
Service:  You order and they give it to you.  You might have to ask for a bottle opener if you order a soda. 
Atmosphere:  There is very limited seating here but there is outdoor seating.  
+ : Great place to take people who are visiting from out of town. Go to PopShop right next door after this place.
- : You might get addicted and spend all your money here.Had the breakfast burrito and tacos with my wife recently and we were pleasantly surprised how good it was. Some of her friends had suggested that it is a little bit pricey for what you get, but we wanted to see what we thought ourselves. Boy were we glad we did. 
For breakfast, there aren't many options. It's either the burrito or the tacos. Fortunately, since we both were there we got one of each and shared. 
It wasn't anything fancy but both the burrito an tacos were quite good. Bacon was crispy, eggs fluffy - everything tasted fresh. 
Service - a little more smiling would have been welcome, but maybe thats more personality or somebody having not the best day. 
Anyway, based on breakfast alone, we'd be willing to give lunch a try. 
Looking forward to our next visit. :)I thought I already wrote a review for Honest Tom's, but apparently I forgot.  No matter.
Anyway, in a nutshell, I had the bean burrito and I honestly could not tell you what I was eating.  If I was blindfolded, I would not be able to identify the food at all.  There was no taste.  Not a bad taste, but near absence of any discernible flavor.  I took a swipe of guacamole with my finger to check.  Nope, no flavor at all.
I thought maybe I was having a weird day, but my associate picked up the steak and yucca tacos yesterday and said exactly the same thing.  Looks great.  No flavor at all.
Weird.Not a big fan of the staff there but the burrito is good if not great. They seem to be very unflexible when it comes to variation with the food. I realize y'all get busy but thats not a reason to get rude. But the chicken burrito is really good. So are the tacos. Avoid shrimp taco though. Unless Asian style shrimp tacos from a Mexican place is ur deal. Shit service but good to decent food. 4 stars. Oh $8 for a burrito and 2/$6 tacos.Once a great establishment that I would go and drive out of my way for. They had the best breakfast burrito I've ever had as well as great chicken and steak traditional burritos. Management decided to make the highly questionable decision to ruin that for me and the rest of their large following when they went 'plant-based'. Just very disappointing to see and I will never step foot back in Honest Tom's ever again (until they realize that Mexican food sucks without meat and go back to their "roots")Anyone who's been around me for more than 2 minutes knows that a) tacos are a passion point of mine and b) that Honest Toms is where it's at. 
I used to be able to get it delivered on Uber Eats and I'm now out of range, but the food is so good I'm not even that bitter. 
BREAKFAST BOWL/BURRITO/TACOS: get them. Being from Texas, I have a high standard for my breakfast burritos and these are insane. They're huge and tasty, guac isn't extra, and it's oh so gooood. The bowl isn't on the menu usually, but you can order it whenever. 
Recently tried the fish tacos, and they were good but not as good as breakfast. Looking forward to trying more this summer!Excellent tacos, friendly staff. I went with the vegetable and the chicken, both were great.It's sad to see negative reviews for Tom's since their decision to have a 100% vegan menu.  People seem to be taking it as a personal attack, which is mind blowing.  I used to think eating "vegan food" was mega lame until I realized that at least 85% of my diet was basically 'vegan' anyway; plus, eating some extra veggies for protein instead of meat and dairy means less cholesterol for me, so I'm cool with it. Good food is good food, vegan or not.  Give this place a try!!Sabroso!!!! I think that's yummy in Spanish!!! The food was amazing. My first taste and I'm a fan. I had a steak burrito and my gf had the pork!!! OMG amazingly tender, and flavorful. Can't wait to go back!!!Best. Burritos. Hands. Down.
(Sorry, Chipotle.  I like you but...)
How do they do it?  I think it has to do with the hot press they use to seal the handmade-guacamole-laden deal.  Or the thickly-diced chicken breast nestled in fluffy-spicy-sticky rice and beans.  Drizzle on Valentina's hot sauce and you have yourself the perfect long-term relationship.
The only problem is: No salads (or burrito bowls).  Tom, make this happen.  Please.  You have the ingredients.  It's a burrito without the wrap.   You give me salads and I will give you 5 big stars.The tacos would be stellar if they were 2 for $3 and pretty good if they were 2 for $4...but they aren't.  3 dollars per taco for ground beef (not carne asada), pork (not carnitas) and chicken is weak.  The taste is fine, but not for the price. The guacamole is excellent, but it isn't offered as a side with tortilla chips. I give them props for tryingLike Chipotle? You'll love Honest Tom's! Basically everything on the menu is excellent. And I'm pretty sure every burrito has avocado, which is great! I particularly liked the sweet potato and pork burrito. The fish tacos were good too. 
Just a heads up though--only breakfast burritos served on Sunday, as they close at 2 pm! I didn't find the breakfast burrito to be as amazing, but it was still pretty solid, especially if you're hungry. 
All in all, cozy little gem at a decent price. The people who work here are friendly and the food is consistently good. My friends all love Honest Tom's and go here whenever they have the time to walk a few extra blocks (since we're all lazy and it's located a bit west of the main restaurant scene in University City). The indoor/outdoor seating may run out during busy hours as it's not that plentiful to begin with, but burritos are good takeout food anyway.don't know what y'all talking about, this place, not good!
I was their when they first open the shop, didn't even have a real menu, food was over priced and their were real mexicans, oh wait, they couldn't have been because the food was terrible.Ordered chicken burrito and beef burrito. Very delicious. I like the black Beans. The beef is ground beef unlike chipotle. Chicken is well marinated and flavorful. Four different kinds of sauces are easily accessible at every table. For me all the sauces are all too sour. Dinning area is tiny so most people got take-out.My son and I went here for lunch yesterday and we had a great experience. I was a little hesitant at first, when I went to order what I thought was going to be lunch fare I was told that they were only making breakfast today. Okay Tom, it's your place - your rules - but I already had breakfast so I wasn't really in the mood. Anyhow we took the time to drive there so we figured we'd just roll with it and see what happens. Considering the $7 price tag for the breakfast burrito I was a little distraught about the situation though. Fortunately the very first bit cured my of my woes. The breakfast burrito was delicious. I'll be going back for sure!Honest Toms is so much better than his lyin'-cheatin'-stealin' cousins place. Try the fish tacos and the beef. Good portions and tasty! Serve yourself water cups are on a tiny table and cold sodas in the fridge.  No ice though. It's a small place but worth the trip. For a light,  refreshing dessert on a hot summer day, leave taco Tom for the Lil Pop Shop next door, where exotic flavored Popsicles (I like Lychee Coconut) are kept on dry ice.This was one of the worst culinary experiences in my existence. The food was old, dyed, tasteless, and of poor quality. Service was comparable to what one might expect if the restaurant was actually a rainforest. There was dust everywhere and it was entirely inedible. DO NOT COME HEREGreat burritos!  Delicious.  I get it naked and its still very good.
I think the portions are a little small, especially the tacos, for the cost.A little pricier for a burrito than I'm used to, but I could def get used to sweet potato in my burrito. The carnitas have... orange juice(?) in them, but it works. This has become a staple for me - I really like this place.Friendly staff and Delicious Food!! We ordered take out and the person who took our order was friendly and just plain ol nice!A Philly transplant from San Diego, I was missing myself a solid burrito. Apartmentmate brought me to Honest Tom's. Great atmosphere inside and outside, and the burrito was solid. Solid as in good quality tortilla and fillings, but also solid in the sense that it didn't fall apart as soon as I got down to the end of it; the way you wrap a burrito is just as important as what's inside it. Compared to what I'm used to back home, it's a bit pricey (9 for a burrito) but apparently that's fairly standard for Mexican food here, and pretty good for the quality you get. I've got no problem with paying that if it means I get a little bit of home every now and again. Brings a tear to my eye.Honest Toms is a staple on UPenns territory. With tacos bursting with flavor and burritos the size of your head. My favorite is the breakfast burrito. It comes with scrambled eggs, cheese, crispy potatoes and onions, tons of guac and you can add a protein (bacon or sausage for $1). The burritos are $8 and feel like they are 5lbs. They have about 4 bottles of their homemade hot sauces ranging in levels of spice. It is a cute small spot just off Penns campus and very popular on Saturday or Sunday hangover mornings. Make sure you come hungry!I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner---and I know I'm gonna meet my burrito/taco craving! Forget about chipotle. This is the place to be. It's cheap, delicious, and flavorful. They make their own special hot sauces and pickles. 
For breakfast, I recommend the chicken tacos with sausage.
For lunch/dinner, my personal favorite is half chicken and half sweet potato burrito! This burrito is by far the best combo.
Also, how cute are the animated burritos and tacos on their menu board? Space is limited so try to go at off times. :)I have hear great things about this place.
The tacos were priced and portioned well, but just too salty. 
Maybe we'll try something else on the menu, if there is a next time...Their burritos are well made, you don't just get pockets of guac or salsa. It's very evenly spread out through the burrito. The tacos are also great, for smaller appetites. You get a great bang for your buck either way. I usually opt for chicken, but I've heard good things about steak as well!Once upon a time there was a truck that I would go to every Saturday morning for a breakfast burrito.  Now that truck is the best Taco Shop in West Philly/UCity and gives places in South Philly a run for their money.  The breakfast burrito is by far my favorite selection.  Eggs, bacon and potatoes along with the standard pico de gallo and some of the best guacamole wrapped up into deliciousness.  If breakfast isn't your thing, pork and beef tacos/burritos are my dinner options.  May be a bit pricey for tacos/burritos but you will be stuffed and satisfied.Very sad. I love this place but lately it's been disappointing and I haven't even been there at busy times. I always ask for no guac since I'm allergic but the past few times they didn't put on sour cream as well even though I specified. I'm just being a nit picking women.Love me some Honest Toms. Whenever I am in the area I do my best to grab a bit here. Big hearty burritos with fresh ingredients and great flavors. Sometimes its crowded so be prepared to wait. I have no problem with that. The sauce is the best.So so so so good! I passed by here on my way to the lil pop shop, thinking hmm this looks like an interesting place with no  obvious store front banner. Inside its quaint, and you notice the very sparse menu right away. At first I was thinking this must detract from the restaurant but it adds to its personality as an honest joint because they only list and make dishes that they are honestly true to and know how to roll out well.
Sunday afternoon 12pmish, I got the 2 for $6 breakfast tacos. So flavorful, and with the bacon, it adds just oh so much more oomph to the tomatilla and corn tortilla. The breakfast potatoes are a welcome addition at first but then my mouth started to feel dried out after a while (maybe because I had coffee on the side?) My friends' burritos were overflowing with fillings more than mine was. Everything tasted legitimately fresh. They bring the dishes that you order outside to the table you're sitting at if you're not sitting inside the store. 
A great place for a hearty bite of tacos or burritos!Tried honest tom's for the first time tonight. I ordered the steak and yucca tacos and they were really tasty. They were not stingy with the steak and the yucca was really crispy so it added a nice but of textural contrast to the tacos. I would come again, but honestly, 2 tacos for $8 seems a bit steep to me. If they had a 3 for $8 deal, I think it would be better.This place is a little off the beaten path, but well worth the hike if you're in the area. If you're going for the first time, I would recommend splurging for a burrito (even if you're not that hungry). The first time that I went, I had the tacos. They were good, but I had some serious food envy watching my friends enjoy their enormous burritos that were only slightly more expensive than my tacos. The next time I went back, I braved the chicken burrito and told myself that I still had to walk all the way home so it would be worth it. And man, was I right! The chicken was really well seasoned and all the ingredients in the burrito married well by the time I took my first bite. It took me a while to get through it (burritos are heavy and this one was no exception) and I almost didn't finish it, but I am glad that I did. 
There isn't a lot of seating in the restaurant so plan to dine out if it's crowded or winter. During the spring/summer there's some outdoor seating available that is shared between that and another restaurant nearby.Great Tacos!!
Have not had the burrito but have had every type of taco multiple times.  One of the best tacos i had in Philly.  My only complaint is that after many repeat visits, I am starting to get tired of the menu and would like to see an expansion.  How bout el pastor tacos or fish tacos???Honest Tom's has the best burritos I've tasted in Philadelphia. They don't skimp on the quality and amount they give you. I usually get the chicken but have tried a combination of sweet potato and beef. Each has its own flavor and worth trying at least once. I just wish they would keep the doors closed and turn on air conditioner during the summer. I get tired of flies flying near my food when I'm trying to eat.For our college homecoming, a few friends and I came to Honest Tom's for breakfast. The tacos were really yummy with sausage, egg, homefries, guac, and pico de gallo. There was a wonderful selection of sauces too! I'll have to return for lunch sometime and try their famous sweet potato tacos! Cute restaurant with a hipster vibe :)I had the beef burrito with no guacamole or beans. It was delicious, the meat was well seasoned the burrito is huge. If you order tacos, get two.This is my second visit here. Both times were delicious, but this time I tried a sweet potato taco, which was unexpectedly bomb. 
The ingredients are fresh, the tortillas taste homemade, and the filling is zesty and flavorful. The sweet potato taco was unique, the sweet char complimented by the guacamole and pico de gallo. The chicken taco was also delicious, but felt a little less special. 
The reason this place only gets 4 stars, is because of the price: it's not much food. It was a wise choice for lunch, but would have left me still hungry as a dinner.Ne'er in this city have I encountered a burrito more sincere, more satisfying, more honest than here. 
Incredibly priced, made with love and oozing with a sort of no-nonsense elegance I find impossible to resist, this place has gently rocked me into a tortilla-fueled trance over the past year. The steak and yucca burrito has successfully tattooed itself onto my heart and taste buds - so much so that I'm often tortured at the realization i can't eat one every week due to living on the opposite end of town. 
My wife (a California native) says this is the only place to get an authentic Cali-style burrito within city limits. I'm not from the west coast, but I wholeheartedly agree. Why? Because we just went on a trip to California last month. I ate a lot of burritos there. Honest Tom's is still my favorite.3 things:
1. The yelp menu should be updated to reflect Tom's is meatless now. 
2. Onion and cilantro should be on hand as toppings on the tacos. 
3. Garlic does not belong in Guac.Very cute, small place. Outdoor seating, great for a nice night. Tried the fish tacos (2 tacos for $7). They were good had a mango Cilantro sauce on top. Just wish they had different options for sauces. But overall great service and good experience.Got the pork burrito and tried the chicken burrito as well. Both delicious, you can tell that they pride themselves in making thoughtful delicious food. Food portions are generous. Very friendly staff. I got the food to go, but they do have a couple of tables to eat there as well. Cute store front. You will not be disappointed coming here for lunch of dinner.Honest Tom's has consistently high quality, fresh ingredients.  Their pork tacos are my favorite, with the perfectly seasoned tanginess, fresh salsa, & guacamole. During the summer, try the fish tacos. Equally delicious!I loved the original honest Tom's before they went completely vegan and was a regular customer. My favorites were the chicken and beef burritos.  I heard they were going completely vegan and I was sad to hear they were not going to serve any more meat burritos or tacos. Being open minded I decided to give the new vegan honest Tom's a try. I had the new chucken burrito which was a mix of rice , chickpeas, plantains , beans ,guac and other veggies. It was better than I expected and tasted good. However the bar was set at the original chicken burrito and this just did not compare to the taste of chicken and cheese in a burrito.  It was good for a vegan burrito but not compared to the original honest Tom's. I give it a 3/5 because the prices have also gone up from $8.75 to $10 and I miss the old chicken burrito. That being said it was still good and I might come here a few times when I am feeling something vegan. I wish they would have kept some meat options as well as the new vegan options. Oh well RIP chicken burrito.