So this is what you need to know. Everything taste great, well at least what I had. I practically tried everything for breakfast and have come to the conclusion that this is the spot for breakfast. I have one gripe though, the monte cisto is not worth the price and is way over priced. I know truffle oil is used but that should not be the reason its so damn expensive. one egg, one piece of toast and some sauce. Don't ever order it, not worth it unless they drop the price $5. everything else is worth it taste great. Jebbs open face and the huevos rancheros are my favs. Enjoy. oh and the coffee is addicting. Also there are no reservations, so get there early or go about 30 min before u think u may be hungry.Love the food. Big portions, interesting and ever changing menue. The only issues i have are that the seating is cramped, too loud for conversation and the coffe is not as good as Sabrina's.
The latkas are always perfect and the bacon is the best I ahve had in Philly.I heard alot about Honey's and how the food is so good here. I chose today my birthday to be my first visit .I read earlier reviews about how crowded it gets and they were not lying but I didn't wait no more than 20 minutes. Now let's get down to the food it was delicious. I had french toast, home fries, sausage and for dessert a slice of Jewish apple cake and it was to die for! I will be back most definitely.Everything great about a jewish deli, southern comfort joint and a bit of mexican dive restaurant all mixed together. Brisket is good, but don't expect a tomato based sauce. Latke is not a normal round one, but super delicious. I also took the Jewish Apple Cake to go and despite being a little too brown on the bottom, it was delicious even 3 hours later on my flight back to LA.Arrive between 7am-9am on a weekday and get their breakfast bargain! Two eggs, home fries or LATKE, toast or biscuit, and bottomless coffee all for FOUR DOLLARS!
The service was amazing and I got a delicious breakfast and experience for less than it costs to take the bus to and from work.One of my all time favorite breakfast spots anywhere! The vegetarian sausage and egg biscuits are so freakin good and like lots else on them menu- nap inducing. Great homemade food and desserts. Diner style with fast service and a long wait that's worth it. Get there as soon as they open for shorter wait. Lunch options are also good.Yo- just order the Grits no matter what time of day you think it is. 
Historically, most of the time I was too hung over to recall how we got there, but thankful that I had arrived. Guaranteed that by the time I left I was a new person.
On a side note, Honey's always seemed to be part of the worlds longest walk of shame.  The only way to improve the place would be to offer a locker room with showering facilities.
One time, near Halloween, I want to see Pinback play at the TLA. I had dressed in a full Hooters uniform and received many accolades from my date, other concert attendees and the general public. The next morning we woke up and drove a scooter to Honeys. I sat there, a bit worse for wear, eating the Grits in that uniform and really could have used a shower.Awesome local brunch if you can wait the 30 - 90 minute wait. I like to walk around the neighborhood while I wait, great garage sales nearby usually. 
French toast is yummy and so are the potato pancakes.I would normally give Honeys 5 stars.
On saturday I went with a group of 7 people. Since Honeys is one of our favorite places to get brunch, we knew that we would have to wait up to an hour for a table. Since they have such good food, it's worth it.
But this is why I'm no longer going to go there, and the reason for the two star rating:
The hostess was horrible. There is only ONE table that can seat up to 8 people. We went in, she told us that the previous party has been sitting there for a while and would be done at any minuet. She also told us that we would be the next people to sit down. We thought, great! since they were putting on their coats and getting ready to leave.
After the staff was finished cleaning up the dishes from the table, the host sat down A PARTY OF THREE PEOPLE. that also, CAME AFTER US!!! I just don't get it. There were plenty of other tables available, so why sit a party of 3 at the only table that can comfortably sit 8? 
I understand going to Honey's with a party of 7 isnt the smartest idea, but when the hostess tells us that we would be next in line for that large table,and then sits 3 people, that is the dumbest thing ever.
Needless to say,I am never going there again. They blew it, they lost our business.
 we left and ate at the foodery on 837 N 2nd St.I LOVE this place!  The service is good, the food is very fresh, mostly organic and/or locally grown and reasonably priced.  I've had the grits, bacon, eggs, biscuits, fruit salad with whipped cream, cornbread........and it is all delicious.  This is one of the best brunch places in the city.
In addition to great food the service is also very good.  They are attentive without being intrusive.  The only con is that the location is small, which makes for long waits on the weekend for brunch.  Here's a tip - If you arrive after 1:30/2pm on Sunday....you will be seated right away.
Enjoy!Nice brunch spot located in Northern Liberties. Saw a segment of Diner's, Drive-Ins and Dives a couple years ago that highlighted HS&E, so this place has been on my radar for a quite a while. If you go on the weekend, expect a wait. I waited about 30 mins, which in the grand scene of things wasn't that bad. The place is small inside, but they do have outdoor seating. The food and service were good. I had the eggs benedict, which is really not a 'go to' for me, but I was feeling adventurous. The eggs benedict was good as was the 4th St. Corn. The service was good. I did have to remind my waiter a second time to bring me a lemonade, but it was pretty busy. I would return and try something else on the menu.Good food and friendly service! I love that they had lots of healthy options. My friend had veggie sausage - she said it was so good she wondered if it was really veggie! Lol. Great service from cute waiters!  It was worth the wait on a crowded Saturday morning.4.5 stars.  I had to deduct half a star for the service.  We got seated in great time but the waiter ignored us for a good 20 minutes then kept forgetting things we asked for.. like water.
Other than that, we got the eggs benedict, basic breakfast plate with eggs, potato, and toast, and a side of pancakes.  Delish.
Oh and the carrot cake with the maple cream cheese icing was also VERY delicious.Very southern, very heavy. It was on TV so I take my touristy friends sometimes but I never really come here.Amazingly good nachos with beef, I would go here just to get them. Pulled pork sandwich was very good too. Tons of good looking items on the menu. I tried to goto brunch on sunday and the wait was 2 hours so go early if you want breakfast or your gonna be waiting sucka.The enfrijoladaa are probably the best things I've ever eaten, period. Highly recommended. The competition next door is about as deep as you can get (la muada cafe) and yet I still keep coming back here.
I'd recommend frequent visits until you've gotten through the entire menu. True gem.NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL! After reading the reviews I'm left wondering did I eat at the same place?!?! The ambiance is nice. Very quaint, rustic, cozy...we ate outside since the weather was nice. Service was mediocre and the food was not great! The potatoes were the only thing I enjoyed. Everything else was mediocre. I probably will not be back!Best breakfast place ever. Their challah french toast was to die for!!! Such a cute place and the servers were all super friendly!Our go to place for cheap cheerful and awesome. Love the staff, brisk and efficient but will crack an occasional smile. Everything's good but try the special turkey club.I really enjoyed my visit at Honeys for brunch today. The environment was very homey and the service was more than helpful. This review is mostly based on the food that I get was more or less - subpar. I ordered the eggs benedict with a side of grits; I had no complaints with the meal but it wasn't life changing either.  My friend got the country fried steak with a side of eggs, home fries, and a biscuit; I also tried her food and concluded that the home fries were very well seasoned and delicious. The biscuit was pretty sweet for my liking, but my friend enjoyed it well. The country fried steak, however, is why I had to down a star - while the batter was delicious, the steak was over-battered. My fried had to really dig into the steak to slice me a piece. The steak itself was a bit tough and took a while for us to chew and swallow. 
We shared a side of mac and cheese and a pork sausage. The mac and cheese was very creamy, cheesy, seasoned properly and close to perfect. I wasn't a big fan of the pork sausage, since it was on the sweeter side. 
OVERALL, this is a brunch place worth trying. I would not write this place off my list, and would definitely come again - but would just order and try something different.This is my favorite Philly brunch spot. No doubt about it.
When I used to have a car, I'd wake up early Saturday and Sunday mornings to get there before the crowds (get there before 9:00 and usually no wait). 
I get either the pancakes (especially when they have pumpkin pancakes) or the brisket/port tacos. All fantastic.
Staff is great and hip (although a different kind of hip than the Silk Cafe hip staff).
If you think one of the other 'cheap' Philly brunch spots is better than this place (e.g., Sabrina's) then you're just friggen crazy.FOOD IS AMAZING! And the service is great! I had breakfast and an item from the daily specials menu and they did not disappoint. They were busy at 11 AM and our food was still out in less than 10 minutes. Will come back here again for sure!!Fun breakfast place, creative menu & excellent service. I highly recommend to all you foodies out there!Heads up, Honey's is Cash Only!
Having heard all the craze for Honey's, I finally managed to make it out for a brunch. The place was packed yet seating us didn't take more than 20 minutes. They had tons of specials, most of which caught my eye, so I honestly didn't take a deep dive into the menu.
I went with lunch and the special bbq chicken quesadilla. It had a ton of veggies, lots of tasty cheese and chicken, and was lightly covered in an avocado sour cream.  While it was sizable, it didn't quite fill me up.  My table also had the key lime french toast, which looked awesome and tasted good as well.  Be warned, it was a bit tart.  We all enjoyed every bite and will be back for another brunch sooner rather than later!Good spot, but definitely over hyped. If you go, be prepared to wait at least a 1/2 hour for a table. The food is pretty good, but personally not SO good I would wait 1/2 an hour or more on a regular basis for. In my opinion, the best spot for breakfast in Philly is Morning Glory Cafe. Way better. Bigger portions, better menu, better food, etc.
Anyway, I had the Breakfast Po Boy at Honey's, which was ok. It was just scrambled eggs, sausage on a roll then drenched with gravy. I thought it was going to be more of a sandwich, but whatever.
Also, make sure you get the OJ. Freshly squeezed. Like drinking an orange.Every time lm in Philly, this is a must have. Just right around the corner from my condo. Great service. Great food. So glad your right around the corner from me.The name gives a clear picture of the type of food you'll have: yummy, rich, tender, and after you eat it, you'll feel very drowsy. I think I have taken or have tried to take a nap every single time after I got home from this place.
There is a lot to choose from on the menu (almost too much).  
The wait to get seated can be horrible on weekends, but once you're in, the place works like clockwork. The staff is friendly, isn't impatient, and gets you everything you want fast.Hipster-tastic, but great service, ironically....
Food was great. Service was friendly. They are extremely liberal with the coffee top-offs, so be careful because you might become a bit overly caffeinated.
I had an omelette with turkey sausage, cheddar and jalapenos. Everything seems very fresh and they get a lot of things locally or make them in house. Always a plus.
Recommended if you're in the area.Honestly, I don't think I need to review this place because its reputation proceeds itself in all the reviews BUT my meal was so deliciously delicious that I feel that I need to spread some love all around just like their honey butter spread its love all over my biscuits at this happy establishment!
Now I am a fiesty breakfast person. I have a flare for the dramatic so not just any breafast will do when I am treating myself. Hey, a girl has her standards! Thank the Challah bread  french toast that this place has a selection that can quell even the most delicate of breakfast food connoisseurs. 
On this occasion I chose the huevos rancheros. The crispy tortillas smothered in homemade chilli, topped with perfectly succulent friend eggs, a zesty salsa, and  creamy ripe avocado just danced its way right into my tummy where I am pretty sure it salsa danced in a satisfied celebration the whole rest of the day! It was pure breakfast magic. 
I did get to sample a few other dishes that my fellow dining partners were partaking in as well and I have to say that not one of us left there without a smile on our faces, our plates wiped clean, and a little pep to our steps!
The challah bread french toast was soft and flavorful and all the things french toasty and the eggs bendict was all comfort and a lot of class! 
Come early as it gets PRETTY crowded and expect to wait a while but also expect to have a top notch amazingly amazing food! Beware, you might want to go back several times!Beats my expectation! Everything was delicious and fresh! Only cash places typically irritate me but I didn't mind at all! Coffee is delicious! We will be backthis place is worth the wait on weekends. the biggest problem with this place is trying to figure out what yummy food to try this timeGreat brunch spot in Northern Liberties. 
Place is always packed - so get there early or be prepared to wait.
Huevos Rancheros - had a nice twist to the Mexican classic. Very addicting.
Honey Cristo Sandwich - ham and cheese sandwich with French Toast bread and an egg on top. Lots of flavor - sweet and salty.
OJ was fresh squeezed and delicious.
Cash only.Friends rave(d) about Honey's. We had some time to kill before a flight back to CA, so we stopped here with some friends who live in the area. It was Labor Day, and I was surprised they were even open. We did have to wait 40 minutes for a table, and this was at 11:30. We found parking on the street, which was surprisingly easier to find than expected. 
Honey's had indoor and outdoor seating, we chose the inside seating because it was HOT and no shade. We got the biggest table in the joint and were seated with menus and beverages. It has a homey style to it.
There is a plethora of brunch options. I heard the pancakes are huge, and some items such as the breakfast bomb just seemed like too much food. I chose the open faced biscuit sandwich with veggie sausage and gravy. I also got the home fries, but could have had grits, hash browns or latke. 
My friends got omelettes (designed) and the bomb. I couldn't finish my food as it was too much, and I got the smaller menu item. 
Service was great-we never ran out of coffee, tea or fresh squeezed OJ. I would say try it once before making it a go-to destination.Came here for Sunday brunch with three of my girlfriends. The wait was about 40 minutes, but so worth it. I had never had chocolate chip pancakes before then and they were soooo good. The atmosphere is pretty laid back and felt like I was having breakfast at home with friends. Great food, great coffee. Would definitely return!If you go on the weekends, you might experience up to an hour and a half wait. Hopefully it's not in the rain... like mine was. There's little shelter outside and no waiting room inside besides a small bench to the side.
That being said, it was worth the soaking wet socks and shirt. Hell, Honey's would have been worth getting a cold from exposure to the elements.
In the past, I only went to Honey's for their dessert. Their warm Jewish apple cake served with a side of vanilla ice cream and caramel drizzle is to die far. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 
After seeing their menu for brunch and the list of specials for the week I decided to visit one Saturday with my boyfriend. When we finally were seated at the counter, I was disappointed to discover there was no homemade grapefruit juice but the orange juice was an excellent substitution.
I ordered the chicken and waffles while my boyfriend ordered his staple breakfast burrito. Upon first glance I was super confused. No syrup, a roasted chicken leg over cornbread waffles with a combination of avocado and tomato salsa on top? I had a feeling I was in for disappointment. Apprehensively, I took the first bite of chicken and waffle.
Holy crap. All I could wonder was how the hell they did this!
The chicken was the juiciest most succulent meat I've ever tasted. The dark meat was roasted to perfection and literally was falling off the bone. The cornbread waffle was flaky and full of flavor reminiscent of my Southern Grammy's cornbread muffins. The avocado tomato paste was surprisingly a perfect complement to the spice rub on the chicken leg and paired with the waffle perfectly. Syrup would have been an abomination to that meal.
I begrudgingly shared my dish with my boyfriend who quickly lamented not ordering the same meal. I'm the queen of taking home leftovers but not on that day. I would have licked the damn plate if I wasn't in public.
I left Honey's full and extremely excited to go back and try the next dish on the menu.Just a head's up.  Arrive hungry.  You won't leave that way.  Their portions are huge, especially the pancakes, which my wife orders.  One is usually enough, just be sure to ask for a half stack).  We normally go for breakfast, although I have been for lunch.  Honey's has one of the best grits I've had out of all of the diners in Philly.  It tastes like it's cooked in cream instead of water.  The breakfast specials are definitely a hit as well as their basic breakfast items.  Homemade fresh orange juice is also a plus.  I usually go with the Honey's Cristo or Huevos Rancheros if I'm not feeling too adventerous for the specials.  Any egg items, grits, toast (the olive toast is nice and different from the norm) and a juice and you're on your way to a great start.  Also, make sure to get there early.  They don't take reservations and you can definitely expect to wait if you show up after 10am.  
Went there one time for lunch and they had a fried pickle appetizer special that we tried.  It wasn't very good.  The breading was a bit too thick and the sauce wasn't very exciting.  But, definitely try the Reuben or Bubby's Brisket Sandwich.  Both are excellent choices.
For me, breakfast is the way to go.I didn't care too much for one of the waiters. He didn't like saying "you're welcome" when people said "thank you". BUT I did love my pancakes and ham! I got the Honey Platter. (I think that's what it was called) I got strawberry pancakes, scrambled eggs, ham, and hot-fries. I did not like my hot-fries or scrambled eggs, but I did love the other two. It was a big step up from another place I went to in Queens so I was satisfied!The setting allows you to ponder how this place came about.
Very trendy place.
8/10 food quality for breakfast. 7.5/10 food quality for dinner.
Groups of 6 or more should not attend on weekends during busy hours of operations.Had the Fried Rice with shrimp, the Mac and Cheese and the Hush Puppies, along with a glass of their ever so addicting Lemonade. I could've sat at one of the outdoor tables last night and been content drinking nothing but lemonade.
The Fried Rice came with a huge chunk of avocado, which I can never get enough of. And the shrimp inside the rice was beyond amazing. Spices galore on that dish, hard to tell which ones were in play, but very well prepared.
The guy who brought our food out was a little odd, said he didn't know what food was which, that was an experience.
The Hush Puppies were just okay, after reading something about them I expected more.
The Mac and Cheese was beyond decadent. And should be the first thing you order when going there. 
There was a ketchup that a friend of mine had on his plate that had some odd spicy kick, it was out of this world. We tried to find out what was in it but we forgot. 
Honey's is a can't miss restaurant, if you have a big party, be prepared for a bit of wait....sometimes.The cuisine at Honey's is a mix of Southern and Jewish favorites. I was overwhelmed with all the delicious sides offered at Honey's. You can get grits or an onion potato latke(fried crispy to perfection). They have fresh mixes on traditional breakfast food like omelets with asparagus. The pancakes can be ordered with several different kinds of fruit inside the pancake. I was also thrilled to be able order buttered challah bread with my meal. 
The restaurant was decorated in a rustic, colonial theme, but it wasn't over the top or too stuffy. Honey's has a very young feeling. Situated in Northern Liberties, Honey's is delicious, hip, and not far from the neighborhood strip.been twice, one breakfast one dinner.  the food sucks.  i blame it on the menu being too big.  if you try to do EVERYthing, you wind up doing none of it well.  my dinner dining companion actually sent her food back (something i never, ever do, unless the kitchen snuck meat onto it) claiming her pork chops tasted "old."  having never eaten pork chops i can't tell you what this means.
i'm perfectly happy that the rest of y'all like it, though - keeps the wait for an outdoor seat at n3rd (best brunch in the city!) manageable.  thanks!The wait is sometimes outrageously long (an hour or longer) and there has been more than one occasion where the hostess forgot to call our group when the table was ready. 
But after the disappointment of waiting so long and dealing with a terrible hostess, I always leave happy as the food is so good.
Get the orange juice everytimeWow I've been here twice and I've never written a review?WHAT?
I'll comment on my last visit since I can't recall my initial visit.
I can't recall what I got when I came here because I came with a group and we just passed everything around. 
The food is delicious and hits the spot after an overnight shift. YUM Food!
The only thing is that I wanted hot chocolate and I was told they didn't have any because it was "seasonal". How the hell is hot chocolate seasonal? on what planet?
But to make up for it, they serve a GREAT fresh squeezed grapefruit juice. I expected it to be tangy but it wasn't. Very refreshing.I was very dissatisfied with this place. I've been wanting to eat here for a long time but every time I tried, there was a line out the door. I thought to myself, "wow it must be awesome!" So I decided to grin and bear the wait to finally experience what I thought was gonna be awesome. The breakfast was extremely expensive for mediocre taste. I had a simple breakfast of 2 eggs, home fries, turkey sausage and 3 pancakes and I asked for a side of toast (the honey's platter) What I received was the smallest pancakes I've ever seen, 2 eggs, one small sausage, a bite of potatoes and my side of toast was one slice not even toasted. This platter cost me $13 THIRTEEN DOLLARS!?!? The taste was sub par I couldn't finish the sausage bc it was gross, the potatoes were greasy, the eggs were cooked well and so were the pancakes but 13 dollars for a standard breakfast is insane. My one slice of untoasted bread was another $2.50!!!! Don't get me wrong I'm all for spending a decent amount of money on a good meal but this was hardly that. My dining partner got the Christo which is essentially a ham and cheese sandwich and a small amount of greens on the side, which she enjoyed but was $14. All in all the check came to $42 after drinks and tip. I would never return to this place, I left feeling dissatisfied and let down and created a yelp account just to write this review. The only thing good about this place was the company and the service was on point (but I guess it should be when you're charging that much for breakfast items)  If you want a good meal that's worth your $ with top notch food this isn't the place and you should try Silk City!This was the first breakfast place I ate at when my girlfriend and I moved to Philadelphia in 2013, and it is still probably my favorite. Love everything about this laid back joint. Coffee isn't amazing, but it works. The country fried steak is breaded in house, which is beautiful. I love the corn bread and the latkas. Will always come here as long as I am in this city.Wish I knew about this place before! I found this place in yelp while I was scrolling for a nearby brunch spot. This place had so many good reviews and located next to cafe la Maude (which I was not impressed at all). So I gave this place a shot and I am glad I did! At first, it's a really small and tight place, but the inside decor is really nice with a lot of natural light. The food is amazing!! I had the breakfast bomb with bacon. It is really interesting how they incorporate the pancake with the meal and use it differently. It's def a must try dish. Also the coffee there is amazing. I absolutely love this place!Perfect for kids and hipsters alike, mom and I enjoyed Honey's early this Saturday morning. We didn't have an issue finding parking a block away and were seated promptly when we walked in. Our coffee cups were constantly filled and service was friendly. We enjoyed the honey platter. The pancakes and home fries were delicious and they have great turkey products (turkey bacon and sausage can be hit or miss at some places). As previous reviews have stated, the dining area is small so come early and don't forget to bring cash as Honey's is cash only. We'll definitely return. Yummo!H------      all HYPE
O------    food is ORDINARY
N-----     NOT half as good as Sabrina's.
E-----   EDIBLE, but not fantastic!!
Y----     Y bother waiting in the long lines?  There are far too many other options in the area!  LOL
S---    Honey's was so-so!!!
This pretty much sums it up.  I had pumpkin pancakes. They had far too much cinnamon. Also had eggs and potatos. The potatos were good, I suppose.  My boyfriend had a Poorboy, and thought it was mediocre at best too.  Not bad, Not good, just average.  Add the over-crowded atmosphere... and the place is just not worth standing in the rain for 20 minutes, (which some people did) or sitting in a tightly packed waiting area with somebody's BUTT in your face for 20 minutes. (which I did!  LOL)  In their favor, I will say Honey's was cozy... it was a cold and rainy day, and I appreciated that Honey's had their heat on, unlike some other hipster spots that insist on having the a/c cranked up all year long!
The best part of my meal was my english breakfast tea... which I could have bought at any Target store and made myself at home. In short, Honey's is ok, but not worthy of more than 2 stars. I may revisit later and see if it wasn't just what I ordered that wasn't so hot.Honey's is a trendy spot in Northern Liberties that lives up to its reputation as a place for a wonderful breakfast.  The decor is very "shabby chic" and fits with its more "hipster" 20-something clientele. 
First of all, we went on a monday morning to dodge the crowd.  We heard from friends that the wait could get seriously prohibitive.
I had a fresh-squeezed orange juice which was incredible.  Any fresh squeezed juice that I've had has been amazing, but the price was equally palatable.  The coffee is still on my "to-try" list, however I hear its very good.
I had the Challah French Toast (~$7.25) which came as advertised. It was very basic for the price.  Real maple syrup made this dish one of the best french toast I've had in quite some time.  To add to that, the blueberry preserves on the table complemented the meal quite well.  However, I would have appreciated a potato latke or some other side as the meal was... basic.
My wife got an omelet of modest size but smaller than I'd like, which tasted very good.  Their redskin potato home-fry was rather poorly made.  It tasted too much like olive-oil and was seasoned with WAY too much rosemary.  A decent spread but I couldn't help but feel like I was paying a bit for the experience as the food left a little lacking.
Bottom Line:  A great spot for a nice breakfast, but not quite worth the price for the taste and portion.
I hear their bargain breakfast is ($3.95) quite the deal, and worth the price.  I'll have to try that next time and hopefully give a better rating.My Toad-In-Hole hit the spot with challah French toast and truffle oil- and a perfectly done toad!* I thought the prices were really reasonable, especially considering the fresh seasonal produce (my dish came with salad) and tasty homemade details. I got a side of coleslaw for the heck of it and it was fresh, crisp and nicely spiced.
Staff were fast and friendly but kept it cool, so I didn't feel rushed despite being a solo diner. I'd definitely come back to try their homemade desserts.
*No toads were harmed in the making of my egg.This place is a adorable small little cafe shop which you will end up sitting with others at a table cause of the space. The waiters and host were very polite and nice. I enjoyed the different variety of breakfast choices they have and also perfect for veggie lovers too. They had really good grits which I loved and i had me some eggs and sausage which was good, they kept serving and filling up our coffee which is always needed on a Sunday morning after a great party weekend. The wait is long I must say and there's nowhere to really stand unless your outside but its worth it for the nice home style southern breakfast and the fresh OJ! which I couldn't stop getting more of. I enjoyed Philly in general but I would def. go back here for some breakfast, its nothing fancy but they add there own little tricks and ingredients to add some more flavor and taste to it.Came here for brunch with a friend on a Friday around 11:30 or so. The place was packed but we were seated right away which was nice. I must say it is a lot smaller inside than I expected and the tables are a bit packed in but I still had a good experience nonetheless. 
I ordered the breakfast bomb, which consisted of eggs and a choice of meat (I selected turkey sausage) inside of a huge pancake with hash browns on the side. It really was a good value for the price I must say, but honestly it sounded a lot cooler than it actually was. Just imagine adding overly sweet syrup to your eggs. Yuck ! On my pancakes and breakfast meat sure ! Eggs that's a no go. So I had to do some rearranging and there really wasn't much space on the tiny table we were seated to do that. 
Overall it was okay but I wouldn't drive out of my way to come back.Honey's you are a Philadelphia gem! I was pleasantly surprised when I came to Honey's last Sunday for brunch. I went around 10:00 am and we were able to be seated right away. The place was packed to begin with and the crowds just kept coming throughout the entire time we were there. My suggestion: try and get there early! 
However, the staff was extremely friendly, prompt, and attentive. My water glass was never empty and my coffee mug was always topped off... It was WONDERFUL. I felt like I was receiving the royal treatment. It felt good my friends.
As for the food: I had the Honey platter. I decided on blueberry pancakes (blueberries IN the batter), two scrambled eggs, turkey sausage, and the potatoes. My goodness. I think the thing that got me the most were the pancakes. They were perfectly fluffy and dense at the same time. I'm not sure how they did it. I wish I could have eaten 12 more of them. Next time I may seriously consider adding another order just because they are were so good. The eggs were not too wet or too dry, they were fantastic. They also have a selection of hot sauce on the table!! I was blown away... Cholula , Frank's Red Hot, and Sriracha were all at the tips of my fingers without having to nag our server (though I'm sure it wouldn't have bothered her at all). The breakfast potatoes were spectacular as well. They were Cajun potatoes and man the seasoning was spot on! 
I'll be back to Honey's soon! Maybe to try dinner? Nahhhh those pancakes were too good to not order next time!Consistently good and big enough menu that you won't get bored.I organized a dinner here for me and 10 of my friends after reading all the great things about this place on Yelp. It definitely lived up to its expectations considering the huge group we had and the large quantities of alcohol we consumed. 
Two things to remember about this place. First its a BYOB - which is great, with no corkage fee! They happily gave us ice when we asked for it too which was really wonderful. The second, this place is CASH ONLY! so be prepared. They do have an ATM on the premises, but better to bring cash with you (to avoid the ATM fee).
I ordered their turkey burger and fries and it came out perfectly tender and juicy. Many of my friends ordered burgers as well and were extremely satisfied. We ordered fried green tomatoes and vegetable latkas for appetizers and they all disappeared. I would definitely recommend the latkas (!!) they were really delicious, and come with a great apple sauce!
I really appreciated how we got seated quickly for a party of 11 since they don't take recommendations, and the fact that they let us linger on that big table in the back. The wait staff was wonderful, and many of my friends said they would return! 
This is also great value for the dollar, since most entree dishes are under $15.I have been going to Honey's since 2006.  This place was one of the first restaurants to come to No Libs before it became the hip area it is today.  And, throughout the whole time their quality has remained consistently high.  I have never had lunch or dinner there.  When they first opened, they were only a breakfast place and by the time they began lunch and dinner service, I had become addicted to their breakfast offerings.  Thank goodness for the ability to get just one pancake.  This allows me to achieve full food coma and order a pancake with two eggs, biscuit and latke.  Everything is fresh and portions are generous.  The only downside is that on the weekends and holidays the wait can be atrocious.
Highly recommended.Came here for Saturday brunch. I ordered the Breakfast bomb which was a pleasant experience. The wait was long but if you're out for brunch, it would have to be absolutely miserable out for you to be seated at any restaurant in less than 10 minutes.
The wife had a chicken sandwich which she enjoyed. The kid got the chicken fingers and fries and actually finished it off.
If I lived in the neighborhood I'd come frequently.Food was delicious. Enjoyed breakfast outside. They even bought my puppy a bowl of water.I was really shocked I hadn't reviewed Honey's yet. It's my all time favorite brunch place, and I recommend it to everyone on a regular basis, which frequently includes strangers I meet on the street!
In trying to explain the unique cuisine of this culinary treasure I generally start of telling people to think Jewish Comfort Food meets Southern Comfort food in a delicious spot that warms you from the inside out like a great big hug from your Grandmom. Everything on the menu is local, with a seasonally delicious specials menu - there's a lot to choose from, so don't be surprised when you have trouble deciding. Order like a pro when you ask for Both sour cream & applesauce with your gigantic latke (nothing wrong with a double dip here, trust me). And don't feel bad for topping off your meal with a biscuit (be sure to heap on the homemade blueberry preserves - it's amazingly epic). Seating is "cozy"; think of other guests as family - that's the appeal of going to this home away from Grandmom's, oh and you'll eat like you're at Grandmom's too.
Oh, in my opinion this is a week place destination (they serve breakfast/brunch all week long) as the wait can be sort of insane on the weekends (though well worth it) but why wait if you don't have to? Use that lunch hour to good use and make the trip to Northern Liberties, it'll be totally worth it.I was convinced by hubby to try this place this morning and I'm glad I did. I'm a picky eater and was on the fence. We walked in and were seated right away. Service was fast and attentive. Menu was simple but offered many options for foodies. I ordered the omelette with home fries and side of grits. Every was good. For once, I have no complaints about his choice for breakfast. Tables are small but it feels like you are at someone's home and I assume that was by design. We live jersey and I can honestly say I'll become a regular. Parking is terrible but that's expected in PA.The first ever restaurant I have ever tried in the East Coast!
I got the crab cake appetizer that came with a small salad, a side of baked potato and lemonade.
Food's fresh, delish and really home cooked. Even the lemonade was freshly made! The crab cake had lumps and chunks of real crab meat...soooo good! 
The staff was casual, really nice and the service was fast. 
I love the restaurant ambiance, has a homey feel to it.
The desserts on their wall menu board sounded good but oh we were so full...First time in Philadelphia! 
Went here right after my flight and I was super hungry! 
The parking wasn't too bad, think we got lucky. 
I ordered the spicy tomato omelet, Which was great!!! Very big portions! Barely finished mine. Also came with a side of roasted chickpea salad with tzaziki sauce which was awesome. The asparagus was so good. My sister and cousins got the breakfast bomb and latkes, and the Benedict. From the plates being empty,, I'm going to assume they really enjoyed the food!!!  I higher recommend this place for brunch! The orange juice was also amazing, freshly squeezed. 
would definitely come again!What's not to love at Honey's.  Friendly, attentive wait staff.  Quality food with variety.  Chill vibe.  Reasonable prices.
Having moved out to the 'burbs from the city three years ago, we take advantage of any chance to frequent the restaurant scene of Center City.  Honey's has been on my list for quite some time.  And let me tell you, it didn't disappoint.  
Freshest guacamole I've ever tasted.  The waitress said, "they don't crack the avocado until you order it."  I had the churassco platter.  Flank steak with refried beans, rice and salsa verde.  Swear to our Maker that the beans were the best to ever touch my lips!  Sounds like I am over-reacting, right?  Go try the refried beans and then tell me I'm lying.
The wife got the red and gold beet salad with baby spinach, shallots, parsley, chives, walnuts and goat cheese with tarragon vinaigrette.  She found it quite delicious.  My wife isn't a foodie like me but, as we were leaving, declared, "We need to come back here again."
You hear that?  It's a ringing endorsement.  
Eat at Honey's.  Thank me later.It was a crowded Sunday afternoon, with a slew of people waiting outside, but we were still seated in 20 minutes. I had the beet salad with chicken which was delicious! The egg platters looked delicious, and I will definitely try them next time!Great, simple food. My first food establishment in Philly and I left a happy camper. Very nice service too. Will definitely be back!Hungrawesome.
Honey's Sit and Eat makes my stomach happy. I wanted to eat everything on the menu. That's rare for me. Almost everything was beyond exceptional. I couldn't choose. Maybe it was because I had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. Make sure to go on a sunny day if it's busy just in case you wait outside.
The Latke is nice for a change. Latke is kind of a substitute for potatoes it's like a fried hash brown pieces in the shape of bread. Thank God for something different. Take notes other restaurants. You need at least one creative twist on the menu.
The coffee is local and fresh, from La Colombe, the best coffee in Philly. 
We had Chile Rilenos and a Breakfast Burrito with Gauc. The Guac was amazing. 
The deserts sound awesome though I haven't tried them yet. Fried Banana Split anyone?
Very relaxed environment not intimidating.OMG I'm obsessed.  The enfrijoladas are my favorite thing on the menu and I totally find the constant hour long wait worth it each time.  Their home made ranch dressing is also really good.  It's just really good here period.  I love the atmosphere and people watching too.Went here with my fellers and boy did we sit and EAT!...Sorry, corny just slipped out....
Anyhoo, I had a tasty omelet, a somewhat dry biscuit made delicious by syrup, and an excellent variation on a potato latke. Only one in our party didn't really enjoy his meal and he got the chicken fried steak, which in my opinion is never delicious, so I blame him for ordering it. 
 The atmosphere is very casual without being unduly lax in the service department and the prices are pretty reasonable, especially if  you can get there for the $4 egg breakfast!  For 3 entrees, an order of pancake (just one), and some fresh squeezed juices it was $35. If I were a Philadelphian, this would certainly be a go to spot for me.My go-to place for anything and everything. Honeys is in a league of its own. It has such a homey feeling and their latkes make me heart sing. The honey cristco is a MUST!!!! Love it here- always worth the wait.The food at Honey's is good, but good enough to wait 60 minutes on a Sunday morning?  Not nearly.  I'd gladly eat here again if I saw a lack of a line, but there are way too many amazing, underpopulated brunch spots in the neighborhood to justify an hour of hunger.Delicious brunch food. I absolutely love their biscuits n gravy, along with their potato latkes. Wait is never too bad and they are very quick once you are seated. One of my favorite places!This is one of my favorite breakfast/brunch places in town. Friendly staff and amazing food. If you didn't bring cash that's okay there is an atm on site. The atmosphere is rather homey.This is the third time I've been here and they have done it again!!!
Honey's does it just right! Started with a perfect cup of joe. Finished breakfast off with a bang....macaroni pancakes and a side of bacon! Delicious!!!Breakfast was great. Good food, great vibe and the staff was very friendly and pleasant. Food was fresh and filling. Would def come back.To me, Honey's is first and foremost about comfort. The decor is all weathered country items. There are large barn door windows that allow for a great breeze on a summer night. The staff is really friendly, and courteous. As I don't think the food is the most amazing I've had, the environment is really comfortable and inviting. Oh, and the carrot cake: To Die For!I'm not quite sure why this is grouped with "Best Black Owned Business" when it's not black-owned. Unless I am mistaken?This is one of my go to breakfast places when I have people coming from out of town.  The service is quick and the food is good.  The line always seems long, but it moves very quickly.  Both locations are good.  You have to try the latkes with apple sauce.  
Remember, it's cash only and BYOB!Great spot for breakfast! I was being economical so I got the $4 hook up two eggs, challah toast potato latke and coffee  It was good and the homemade blueberry jam made it! My friend got a breakfast quesadilla which was amazing and a huge portion with fresh re fried beans and pico de gallo.  The service was friendly and nice.  DEf. a bit of a hipster scene but tolerable:)  I love this little neighborhood for food.
The lunch menu looks great as well and I will be sure to return to check it out.  Keep in mind it is cash only!This place rules.  I didn't think anything could compare to Morning Glory around here, but I was sadly in a small South Philly bubble that I'm glad I got out of this afternoon.  The food was just as awesome and fun, but the wait is a lot shorter. More tables will give you that.
I had an omelet with turkey sausage, turkey bacon and provolone. It was incredible. As any omelet with those ingredients ought to be. However, the potatoes tasted like jambalaya and had peppers in em so they won by default over other potatoes.  The menu said latkes or grits - I was sad when I heard they didn't have regular potatoes but then boom, waiter says they got em! Boom! The challah was great too. 
Southern and Jewish combined. No wonder why this South Philly native with Jewish blood loved this place...Quite possibly the best brunch I have had in over a year.  It will be packed on the weekends but it's worth the wait.Even though I live in the Philadelphia area, it took an episode of the Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" to finally get me off my keister to visit Honey's Sit-N-Eat.  I heard wonderful things, but the tales of long wait times for a table made me stay away.  As luck would have it, my dining companion and I found ourselves free for lunch on a Monday.  Impressively, the restaurant was full around noon and people were waiting by the time we left.  We chose to sit at the counter, just to get a better view of the whole scene.  It's small-ish, quaint and kitschy, but I wouldn't settle for anything less.  Ave was our tattooed hipster-looking server and couldn't have been friendlier or more attentive.  Here's what we ordered, as we wanted to get a good sampling of what all Honey's had to offer.  We shared the Bubby's Brisket Omelet and ordered the cheese & onion latke, biscuit and grits to go with it.  They also have this amazing blueberry preserves which was yummy on the biscuit.  The grits were super creamy and decadent.  Admittedly, I'm not a connoisseur of grits but I thought this bowl of velvet corn mush was fantastic.  Then, we moved on to the Chicken Chili Frito Pie, as seen on the Food Network.  Um, yeah, worth it.  It was a beautiful plate with lettuce, tomato, sour cream and a heaping helping of Fritos with flavorful chicken chili.  I do believe some cheese was melted in there as well.  We rounded our dining experience with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice and copious amounts of locally roasted La Colombe coffee.  They brought new meaning to the term, "bottomless cup," as our server was quick to refill at the drop of a hat.  (So very much appreciated.)  Oh, then the grand finale was the Jewish Apple Cake with Pecan Streusel.  This HUGE slice of cake was moist and flavorful.  I mean seriously, this slice was huge.  My comment to the server was, "Wow, how big is the bundt pan it bakes in?!"  Even though we didn't have to wait to be seated on this visit, I would not hesitate to wait if I had to in the future.  The food is fresh and delicious.  It's as if you could taste the care, pride and craftsmanship in every bite.  This brunch for two was, I believe, about $30 before tip.  I felt like it was a steal in exchange for the good mood fueled by Southern-Jewish cuisine that floated us out of there.  So, go bubbeleh, get to Honey's Sit-N-Eat!After making a return visit here, I feel obligated to bump my review up to 5 stars, as Honey's has now claimed a spot in the brunch-loving corner of my heart.
I was tempted to order the Honey Cristo again since I liked it so much last time, but decided to try the Breakfast Quesadilla instead. It came stuffed with ham, cheese, and scrambled eggs, with avocado sour cream drizzled on top, and beans and pico de gallo on the side. The bulk of the quesadilla was the scrambled eggs, which I really liked, especially with the avocado sour cream adding a great kick of flavor. Would definitely get this again!
I also tried a little bit of my friend's Breakfast Bomb, which she ordered with chocolate chip pancakes instead of regular. The pancakes wrapped around scrambled eggs and ham were very, very yummy, and the chocolate chips were a great addition.
They also make excellent challah french toast. My other friend couldn't finish her Honey Cristo, so I happily ate the rest of her french toast for her.
In conclusion, a TL;DR list of stuff that Honey's does well:
1) Things with ham and eggs
2) Challah french toast
3) Portions that are actually finishable in one sitting and don't leave you feeling like you're about to explode afterwardsI have been wanting to go to Honey's for a while but I never had a chance to until a few weeks ago. The wait is pretty long due to its small size, we waited about 25 minutes. The food was well worth the wait everything was fresh; and both my friend and I were delighted to find they had vegan options as well. 
We will be back soon it is a great spot for brunch and authentic home made food. The prices are very good as well.There's not much to be said and I don't wanna jinx my next experience at this fine place by saying too much but everything was damn-good. Went there today in the afternoon about 1:45pm and there was no wait, although I hear there CAN be a 45 min wait on weekends. This time was the BEST time as there were not many people at all and service was quick. I had the Challah French Toast, hubby had the Honey Fried Chicken Fingers, and everything was yumyumyumyumyum delicioso! We plan to go back ASAP!
I wanna give them 5 stars but I feel like they could've given me more than two pieces of turkey bacon for $2.50.
If you haven't gone, you need to go at least once to see if you'll like it, and I don't know how you couldn't.Let me start off by saying.... OH MA GAWD! Amazing food, atmosphere, service, etc!  I ordered the Sloppy Joe (came with a side of fries, pickle and cole slaw) which surprisingly had a bit of sweetness to it.  The portion size was pretty large, but I ate it all anyways!  I loved the fact that they had an assortment of hot sauces at the table (that totally pushed me over the 3 star edge and into the 4 start realm!).  If I am in Philly again I will most definitely make my way up to Northern Liberties again for some delicious comfort food.The hostess, Chris, was a complete ass! I arrived and asked for a table for a party of 2 and was told I would have to wait until the 2nd person showed up. I told Chris I would like to go ahead and order, but nope he would not seat me at a table!This restaurant hit all my marks for 5 stars. The flavor of the food was excellent and you can always tell when the food is fresh. Whatever the seasoning on the breakfast potatoes is I could have ate nine servings.And I don't know how the heck they get their pancakes so fluffy but it was like eating 2 little clouds with chocolate chips in them. One of the friends that I was dining with had glutten-free needs and the server was very helpful with pointing out exactly what items were available and everything was cooked as it should be. Not to mention tasty as all get out. Our server was both friendly and efficient. We went on a Sunday morning and there was a bit of wait but that's just a testament to how good the food is. I'll definitely be going back in the near future.Walked right in & were greeted & seated immediately. After all I'd heard about the long wait, this was a pleasant surprise--the key to skipping the wait may be going on a weekday. As soon as we sat down, the amiable waiter asked what we'd like to drink & brought coffee immediately & refilled through the meal. We shared an order of brisket soft tacos & one of the grilled Tilapia sandwiches--both were absolutely fresh & delicious. One platter for the two of us would have been more than enough, but neither of us were counting calories & decided to go big. OK, maybe we went a little overboard, but everything was so tempting.
Lots of guests wielding forks & raising glasses with happy chatter from all the tables. Honey's Sit-N-eat gets it right!We were here for dinner. Not busy at all. The server did not come to our table for 20 minutes. In the course of that time, we were greeted by a multitude of mice. There were 5 separate appearances. Including under our table and at our feet. We also watched them roam freely into and out from the kitchen.  I used to partake in Honey's brunch nearly every weekend. For YEARS. It is safe to say I will never dine or advertise for this establishment again. When the server was told about the mice issue, he was not only flippant in his response, but made excuses rather than apologize, and charged us for our 2 cups of coffee.This is. Fabulous! Locally sourced ingredients that are artfully prepared and La Columbe coffee to top it off! 
This corner cafe is situated in a cozy neighborhood with outdoor seating and a rustic interior. I can't say enough about the waitstaff who were very friendly and attentive.
If you like grits you will love the creamy goodness of Honey's preparation- oh and did I mention the menu has a Jewish flair with many tribal offerings. Unique!After traveling, working and being awake for nearly 24 hours, I decided to hit up Honey's Sit-N-Eat.  I had the croque madame, and it was literally one of the best breakfasts I have had in a long time.  Very friendly staff- and the chef substituted veggie sausage for the ham in the dish for me (still taked amazing!)  I visited the historical landmarks afterwards since they're literally right down the street!  Bring cash!All i can say is HONEY CRISTO!!!!!........................
Wife had the breakfast bomb and said it was good. But F that.... 
HONEY CRISTO BABY BABYYYYYYY
( Biggie voice) 
Feel like Biggie right now tho. Full!not once have i gone to honey's for a weekend brunch and not incurred a wait of at least 30 minutes to upwards of an hour. on occasion i have been so hungry [and/or hungover] that even a 5 minute wait seemed impossible, thereby leading me to nearby alternatives north 3rd or the abbaye. both are good...but neither hold a candle to the deliciousness that is honey's.
today was one of those days where we were willing to wait the 45 minutes while our stomachs rumbled in anticipation of the meal to come. we passed the time by people watching and contemplating whether to go breakfast or lunch (seeing as it was 2pm), all the while growing more & more eager as other 2-tops being called had tired of the wait and left, making us that much closer to Next.
within moments of sitting down, we were handed menus and asked if we wanted coffee - yes, please! since enjoying the enfrijoladas so much on my last visit, i was set on ordering them again. this time instead of getting it made with tofu, i went for the vegan sausage. equally as delish. as if that wasn't enough food, i added a latke + [homemade] applesauce on the side for a mere $2.50. 
my boyfriend went the lunch route and ordered the brisket sandwich, topped with melted cheese & sauteed spinach, served with a side of horseradish sauce & fries. this led to me eating fries for the 3rd time this week (that's typically how many times i eat them in a month!) as i simply could not resist dipping them in the tangy horseradish sauce.
there are so many veg-friendly options at honey's that i sorta kick myself for getting the same one twice, but i fully intend to eat here enough to try everything [meatless] on the menu.
[ random aside:  i had parked on 3rd street, just north of poplar, which as i later learned is a popular spot for birds to gather on the telephone poles. when we returned to the car, it looked like it had gone to war with the entire winged population of philadelphia....and lost. this required a quick detour to the nearest car wash (11th & spring garden - thanks, GPS!) where, $16 later, it was as if my car had never been the crap-magnet that it was. all in all, the meal was still well worth it! ]Second time here. The last time was four years ago don't know why it took so long to return.   The only thing negative for this throwback hippie brunch place is waiting a half hour for a tableGreat atmosphere! Down home restaurant with great food and welcoming staff. There is usually a wait, but I've always been seated quicker than the wait time they give me. I give four stars because it's not the best brunch I've ever had, but definitely worth checking out! They always have interesting and yummy breakfast specials.I agree with the comments in previous reviews.  This is a great place for breakfast anytime (served Tuesday-Sunday 8AM - 3PM), but do be aware: it is popular on weekends.   The breakfast and lunch menus provide many choices, and the sides (many with a Jewish flare) are great, especially the potato latke.  The pancakes and biscuits are exceptional.  Look for the specials, which usually emphasize seasonal fruits or, in the case of omelets, fresh vegetables.  The atmosphere is laid back (maybe a little too much so, service-wise).  A great place to seek out on a nice day.  I note that they will soon open for dinner, too.If you are in the neighborhood, this is worth checking out. The wait is first come, first serve so expect to wait at peak brunch times. I will say they do move quickly so the wait isn't as bad as you would think. That being said, i only think the food was average. You will likely find better and more unique brunch spots in the city.This place is great! It has outdoor seating and is BYOB. Not sure why people are docking them a star for that, it's Philadelphia we all know how hard it is to get a liquor license in PA. Anyway about the food we had the special the avocado toast and I added the egg. It was an amazing huge piece of marbled rye toast with avocado and chopped tri color tomatoes. It was so good! Some things to know when you go is definitely bring cash since its cash only and get there early or expect to wait a really long time! Other then that bring your poison and appetite.Got the special Blueberries n Cream pancakes with Cardamom in the batter. These are the best pancakes I've ever had! They were sooo smooth and delicious, perfectly seasoned. I ate the entire plate! 
The freshly squeezes Grapefruit Juice was also on point. 
I came late at 2 PM for brunch to avoid the usual long wait time.One of my favorite places to go for brunch. I have not been disappointed. I would always bring my friend Diane who is a vegetarian here for breakfast. I love the sausage with biscuit and gravy and also I love their egg white omelet with vegetables and a side of turkey bacon. Their potatoes latke is delicious but I can never finish it. Diane would always get the grits. It is also one of our favorite place after our Aids Walk. They have selection for vegetarian friends and non vegetarian friends as well.I've been here a few times for brunch - it's been a while though and need to get back soon!in this humble guy's opinion they serve some prettydamndelicious comfort foods... i have pretty much tried everything on the menu since i base my eating habits off that lil japanese guy that eats all dem nathan hotdogs... the reuben, buffalo burger w/bacon, soups/chili and numerous sides (gb casserole, mac/ cheese etc) top my list along with the desserts... the crab cake is a wee bit small for this fatasstrappedinalittle man's body and i have had better hummus at most middle eastern restuarants, but  no one is perfect ... some people complain its expensive for breakfast ... but they buy everything local so i think an extra $ or 2 is worth it when everything is fresh and delicous..  if u want a cheap breakfast get a flatten dog turd on a pillsbury biscuit at the Mickey D's down girard while i eat one of their money omletes.. only cash but it is a byob so everyone is happy in the end and the world is well .. plus they have a waiter that rocks a mets jersey..do not come here on the weekend brunch hours unless you do not value your time cuz there is gonna be a long wait.Next time, if I go back, I'll definitely get the fresh squeezed OJ (the machine is so cool!). The breakfast was edible, but under-seasoned.  The service was nothing special... I did give it 3 stars because one of the guys was wearing a ghostbusters T-shirt.  The wait for us was only 20 minutes, which is decent on the weekend.  It's just ok. Cash only.This place was great! I had the Mazto Ball Soup and the Mazto Brei and they were both fantastic. The atmosphere was very inviting. I will definitely be coming back here to try their breakfast omelets!I cant understand what the hype is about this place. We waited a good 45 mins on a Sunday morning to be seated for brunch. I was so excited about trying the food here after all the reviews and good things other yelpers had to say about this place. 
Unfortunately, I was totally dissappointed. We went in a prty of 4 - ordered a bunch of stuff. I had the chicken fried steak, 2 eggs with gravy and a biscuit. The gravy was bland and so was the steak. The potato latke was definitely tasty as also mentioned by others here..
The place is very quaint and the people are very friendly which is why i give this place 3 stars. The food itself is a 1 or 2 in my books.We arrived in Philly for the first time ever bleary eyed and a little bewildered. Fortunately the closest place to our airbnb was Honey's which was very fortuitous as it is the best brunch I've had to date this year. Which is really saying a lot as I live in New York which is definitely not short on options. We were accomadated immediately  on both days (yes we came back on Sunday!). Our servers were enthusiastic, friendly and very, very helpful. There are a bounty of vegetarian options which is unfortunately not the case in most places. The food was delicious, reasonably priced and the eggs were free range. If we lived closer we'd definitely come back all the time! I'd highly recommend it.Definition of your all American breakfast! Definitely has a homey feel once you walk in. I would recommend the latkes over anything. Portion size is fairly big so come prepared! Also, only takes cash!Best breakfast spot I've tried so far in northern liberties! Their breakfast potatoes are awesome! I also really liked their eggs Benedict! Haven't had anything I didn't like.The food is absolutely amazing - definitely worth the wait - I frequent this place on Sundays for brunch. Staff is attentive and organized. There are a few downsides that the food more than makes up for: 1) it's a long wait (try to get there early, put your name down, etc.); 2) it's cash only (atm machine in the back); 3) it's crowded and a little cramped at times, but again, amazing food and good service.The food was delicious! I ordered the chicken fried steak,
Comes with eggs potatoes and toast!(so many carbs, exactly what I needed), and a pancake - that I'm taking home. Service was amazing and she definitely deserved  the 10$ tip (bill was 20$). I always love coming here!Toad in the hole! Yummy! Limeade Yummy! Potatoes Latka Yummy! Waiter really friendly! Tomato soup Yummy!I found this listing on Yelp (on my iPhone) after a photo shoot outside of Philly. So I decided to stop here with my assistant before driving back to NYC. That was the best decision! The food was Amazing! That said, it was a little pricier than I would have liked, but worth every penny. 
The only reason that I give this 4 stars and not 5 is that I have only eaten there one time and I think I will reserve 5 stars for those absolutely amazing WOW meals (that usually cost way too much money, but each bite is a symphony on your tongue)The place is cute. Always packed. Cross that.. ULTRA packed. Went there on Sunday noon.. only to find the waiting time for one person only is about one hour. Since I didn't have anything to do after, I decided to wait. They sent me to wait at The Random Tea House a block away from this place. It seems like this place work together or.. they have the same owner. Anyway, Honey's gonna call you at Random's when a seat available for you. I found it interesting.
I waited at Random's not even 30 mins. Maybe 15? That's already including waiting time to order the infamous chai from that place. Cool.
Service and the patrons was friendly. The whole atmosphere was good. The food? Tasty. I've tasted better at somewhere else though. Potato latke was good. Prices? Not the cheapest out there. I had breakfast bomb. $11 + tax. for pancake with egg mix with sausage and cheddar ($.75). and a side of potato latke.
Will be back to try on something else though. - All in all it's just good, nothing special.. yet.Honey's sit and Eat is a really quaint place - cash only- where you can just enjoy a nice meal with a friend or a date or really anyone. I have been twice - once for breakfast and once for lunch. And to my surprise - i could order breakfast Anytime!!! For me this is a huge bonus. i would eat breakfast for every meal of the day if i could. 
Bacon is not crisp - more on the fatty side, but still flavorful and the portion is good.   Pancakes are huge and delicious.  Price is not out of this world, it is reasonable and the staff is friendly and courteous.  When there is a wait, you have to fight your way to find a host/ess to give your name, but they are true to their times they give and some people will get bored of waiting so you may sit earlier than you expect. Coffee is plentiful, and the decor is interesting to look at.  
If you are looking for a cute place for lunch, just try it. Or if you want to impress a friend with a breakfast date, go ahead.  You wont be sorry, and you may come back for more :)Food was great but our experience was a little odd...
I went for brunch on a Sunday with my roommates/friends. We had to wait outside for probably 15 minutes, not a biggie though. We were seated and when our waitress came to fill our waters she spilled one of the full glasses all over my friends phone/lap/shoes. She didn't really apologize which was weird... then about 10 minutes later she came to fill up the coffees and spilled my friends orange juice in the process of filling the coffees. It was 2 spills within 15 minutes and it was kindof crazy to be honest. Thank god it wasn't the hot coffee!
Otherwise, the food was very good. The atmosphere is very hipster but it was cool. I would go back, but I would be careful!Great Matzoh ball soup and latkas. Awesome fatty comfort food. This is place to chow down and get stuffed.I've been to the South Philly location twice and this was my first experience at the NoLibs location. I was satisfied as usual. I had the chicken fried steak with potato latke and corn muffin while my dining partner had the Eggs Benedict. It wasn't anything spectacular, but it's a consistently good meal. The atmosphere is cute, though the Northern Liberties location seems a lot smaller than the South Philly one. We were practically sitting on top of the people next to us.I have been here a few times over the years, their food is good, especially the matzoh ball soup.  The last time, however, I was extremely disappointed in my server. I order latkas and he asked if I wanted potato or veggie, I didn't know they had veggie so I asked which one he liked better; "Neither really, I don't eat deep fried foods, it all tastes gross."
Well, not only was I feeling like he was judging me, I was a server for years and I would never, ever, ever describe something on the menu as "gross" and they have quite a few deep fried foods. Clearly the establishment doesn't care how their employees present the restaurant to the public.Food is always amazing. Portions are large so bring your "A" game. Great farm fresh homestyle food Breakfast served all day.
Service is very accommodating and friendly. 
Tend to have long waits for weekend brunch but it is always worth it.
Cash only. ATM inside.Omg go and try everything, the biscuits will make you slap your momma!!!!! Thank me later!The "Honey Cristo" IS as good as it gets- well deserving of all five stars...don't forget the side of crispy bacon or a "shot" of syrup.  Very reasonably priced, BYOB, and options for my vegetarian friends. The only downside is always having a wait...thats a sign about the food!been here twice now and both were satisfying. i remember getting the grits and it warmed my heart. the hot chocolate was divine. be alarm, it's not avail all the time. fresh squeezed oj was delightful. the breakfast bomb was a hit and egg benedict was a delight. love the decor, it's very old time country and homey. only downside of course, is the wait. try to come early if you can. we didn't mind the waits second time around because it was a nice day out. this makes a good place to take out of towners.While the brunch is not as good as Cafe Lift, in my opinion, I am a fan of Honey's.
I like the location a lot and the decor is very quirky. 
Service here is good. We got our food pretty fast on a busy day and when no one is there, it's usually less than 15 minutes.
My negatives are that the prices are a little too high. Extra for fries? Not cool, but at least the fries are great.
Cash only makes it difficult sometimes and while I probably will not dine here for quite some time, remember to get cash ahead of time so you don't have to bite the bullet with ATM fees.
Overall, I love their comfort food but specifically the Shrimp Po'Boy, the fries, and the Jewish Apple Cake (which I have had better but I am still  a sucker for).
Definitely give Honey's a shot, I think most people will like it.I gave eaten here only twice but feel already confident enough to recommend it to anyone that I know. AMAZINGLY good food. The first time in I had the veggie chicken fried steak and the second time i had the shrimp poboy. They were both excellent. Both times were very busy but my girlfriend and I didn't wait for more than 15 minutes for a table to open up. Staff is incredibly attentive and friendly. Love the decor. Will return again and again and again.This is one of those Philly brunch places that you don't want any more people to know about--be prepared to wait! 
You can saunter across the street and down a block to the Random Tea Room and order some tea to go while you wait. Just tell the host/ess and they'll summon you via walkie talkie when you're table's ready.
All the food is local and delish. What' s good:
Juevos rancheros, three-egg omelette with tomato and goat cheese, potato latke with apple sauce ($2 extra). Also, the fresh OJ is delicious and worth the five bucks at least once.It was a Tuesday morning when me & a friend were looking for a place to have his birthday lunch. Silk City was closed to our disappointment when a man walked by and said "aww yeh man they closed, ya'll ever eat at Honey's?" No we hadn't so we headed to Honey's Sit-N-Eat. I had heard about this place for years but never made to the trek over. They decor is great, the people are cool, really cute little homey knick-knacks, all around great vibe. I ordered eggs benedict & he ordered the chicken fingers. The eggs benedict was good but different. It had more of a citrusy taste to it which didn't sit well with my hung-over stomach. His chicken fingers were amazing though. They were breaded with all sorts of herbs & spices that put a great new twist on the traditional. The fries were equally delicious served with a chipotle mayo.Mmmmm... just reading "Honey's Sit-N-Eat" makes my mouth water.  Despite that I don't visit too often, I love, love, love this place, but I urge that getting there early is the key to truly loving it.  Otherwise, you might get a little resentful and that's no good.  Then again, once you take the first bite, the resentment will melt like bacon in your mouth.
The past few times I've been, I can't seem to order anything but the enfrijoladas... perfectly cooked eggs and beans in soft, toasty tortillas, topped with radish, clover, and sour cream.  Delicious.  That said, there are some other classics that are worth a try, like the corn bread, the fried green tomatoes and fried okra, the whole wheat pancakes, and the omelets.
The best things about this place: the servers (so nice, patient, and friendly) and the orange juice (fresh squeezed and sweet).Whomp whomp. This place is all hype. Super small tables, rushed staff and the stuffed french toast? Meh. Skip it.My bf and I just ordered takeout from Honey's. The person who took our order was extremely RUDE and SHORT with us. Granted, it was close to their closing time, but not THAT close where anyone should have had an attitude about it. If that's the case, tell us you're closed!!!!   
Honey's is getting beside themselves now because of their so-called popularity. They need to remember that it was the CUSTOMERS who made it so. (Especially YELPERS.)
We didn't appreciate the sarcastic and "smart-alecky" tone the cashier took with us.This place was excellent. A real southern gem in the middle of Philly. Got there right after 10 on Labor Day and were seated in 10 minutes or less; the place was constantly hopping, with lots of families with little kids.
I got $2.75 bottomless coffee (there was a pourer or cream on the table, not just milk, which was unexpected and great) and the $13 Honey's Platter: two eggs (got mine fried and runny, and they came as ordered), potatoes (I got the home fries, which were really well-seasoned, and had a little kick and a great texture), meat (I got the veggie sausage, which was good) and three pancakes (fluffy and good, but stick to butter or jam if you're one of those people who has to have real maple syrup).
Kinda wish we'd come here on our first day in town instead of Sabrina's.Really awesome food. Very affordable pricing and they were really open about taking out dairy, or adding in dairy where we wanted it (I got a different cheese in my eggs.) The latke was really interesting, not sure if I would get it again since the cheese inside kind of threw me off, but the potatoes and how it was cooked was very nice. I got an iced coffee, which was pretty good. Was a little upset they didn't have any shrimp so now I have to go back for their shrimp dishes! Yum. CASH ONLY and a BYO.We finally went to Honey's a few weeks ago and it was amazing.  I am tempted to give it a bad review lest it become more crowded.  Just go, you'll love it.Very good food with locally sourced ingredients. Only wish they would offer organic options. The latke is to die for. Had a wonderful Eggs Benedict. Service is great. Coffee is good. No credit cards...really? I don't trust store ATMs. And yes expect a long brunch wait.  I personally can't deal with long brunch waits so I only brunch at places which accept reservations and come here only during the week.After a 5 hour drive from Albany, I woke up Saturday morning with one goal in mind: breakfast. I looked around for a few good breakfast spots, but everything looked like college-dives (I was staying near Temple's campus). Honey's Sit-N-Eat was recommended, so my friend and I headed on over.
Luckily it was only a five minute wait. The place is fairly small, perhaps 12-14 tables with a 10 person counter-top.  The place has a young feel to it, a little trendy but mostly traditional. Specials were written in chalk up on the board.
Coffee was fairly average, but there was a waiter who solely refilled coffee so it was always hot and fresh. Cream was at every table, both local and fresh.
I couldn't decide what to order so I ordered a little of everything, Honey's Platter. The pancakes were fairly good, but were kicked up a few notches with their delicious maple syrup and homemade blueberry preserves. The egg they have here are BIG and with ordering them over-easy, the yolk proved to be savory. Not a big bacon fan, but my waiter insisted I try the Lancaster bacon as its local; very mild taste with heaping notes of cedar. Lastly I got the potato latke. This isn't your standard latke, but more like a slice of potato cake. It was creative, fun, and most of all delicious. 
My friend got the Challah Fresh Toast. She was nice enough to let me try it. It was perfectly done, if not too chewy. The Challah they use is fairly dense, so it didn't surprise me. The drawback to using this type of challah for French toast is that the inside doesn't get toasted completely. Not bad, just not what I prefer!
Swing by Honey's for a filling, gourmet breakfast in a casual setting!I was there for brunch on Sunday May 27 around 10am, the 3rd time that I've been there.
Whomever was the hostess was completely overwhelmed.  The person I was with and I waited at least 20 minutes just to put our name in and during that time, I counted 22 open seats (which compromise almost half of the seats in the restaurant).  She kept looking at her seating chart and the swelling number of people waiting to put their name in and it seems that she just shut down and wouldn't talk to anyone.  They really need to either train her better or find someone who can handle the job.  When we finally got to her, we asked if we could sit at the counter (6 open seats) and sat there with no additional wait.  We overheard other people waiting saying that they had been waiting an hour to get seated.  It would have been trivially easy (less than 5 minutes) for the hostess to take everyone's name and party size and seat those waiting first at the empty tables (judging by the amount of ice that had melted in the water glasses, quite a few of the empty tables were open for a while).
On the plus side, the food is really good, but not worth an hour wait.  Also, the food is *very* expensive - $4 for a small glass of orange juice doesn't help.  For two people, the bill came to $38, and that was for 1 glass of OJ, 1 glass of chocolate milk, 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of  toast, 4 pieces of bacon and the Huevos Rancheros.  Also, Honey's only takes cash, so bring a boat load of it.
I'm giving it 5 stars for good food and good service, then subtracting 2 for the long wait to put our name in and the prices.
As an aside, and this has nothing to do with Honey's, is that people need to lose their sense that they are entitled to everything.  While we were waiting to put our name in,  2 women started arguing that they needed to be seated (they were 4 adults and 2 small squirmy children).  It turns out that they actually had a table outside (which is very difficult to get because there are so few of them), then refused to sit outside because at another table there was 2 small dogs sitting under the table. who weren't bothering anyone.  The women then demanded that Honey's put 2 tables together inside and seat them now.Ate there once for lunch and it was fantastic.  Had a breakfast sandwich on a biscuit. The biscuit was the best biscuit I have had above the Mason Dixon line (rivals the biscuits at Hominy Grille in Charleston SC, and that is not faint praise).  Place was crowded but staff managed the masses like pros.  Definitely will be returning there soon.While often loud and busy, the food is amazing.  Brunch is available everyday of the week and always tasty.  But I've had both brunch and lunch and they're both delicious.  Make sure to try the fresh squeezed OJ!  
If you're going on a Saturday or Sunday for brunch, be prepared for the long wait.  Seriously.  But definitely worth it!Really cute, fun atmosphere, good service and great food. A friend recommended this place and I came here for a late lunch. We shared an omelet with mushrooms, caramelized onions, tomatoes, jalapeos, garlic, and fresh avocado. Absolutely delicious and fresh food. I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone.I've been here a lot, but I saw the chicken chili Frito pie on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and I had to try it.  All I can say is that it was sooooooooo worth it.  I had to kick it up with a lot of hot sauce, because nobody wants to over spice something, but it was worth the visit.  My cuz had the vegetarian biscuits and gravy, and that was mighty tasty as well. Those hipsters know where they're doing at Honeys, even if they do have a rat tail that is died blonde and are wearing a shirt that is for a 8 year old. Solid eatery, would go here everyday.This place is fine.  For the wait and the hype, however, I am going to have to say I was a little disappointed.  I've been here a few times now and each time I wait 45 minutes to eat something that is OK. 
Not to mention the staff is a little rude and pretentious -- not all of them -- but at least 2 of them on this most recent occasion. 
I just wasn't wowed the way I had expected. 
I'll probably be back again though.  Just not for a few months.Amazing breakfast!  I can't imagine going to breakfast at any other restaurant. This place has fresh, old school, down to earth cooking.  
I ordered the country fried steak with home fries and a biscuit.  The steak was excellent, the home fries real, and the biscuit made from scratch. 
My ladyfriend ordered the breakfast quesadilla. Dang was it good. There was homemade guacamole drizzled over it.  It just tasted so fresh!
The service was great. The food didn't taste like it sat under a heater and came fairly quickly. Great job!I read the reviews of this place and was excited to go. It lived up to its hype. It's BYOB, so I brought my own Champagne. The food was hot, even though my server at the bar forgot my bacon, told me I didn't ask for it and later apologized that it was on my bill, the food was really good. 
The wait was about 20 minutes in which they told us to wait at the "Tea Room" down the block. By the time I got there, ordered my tea and sat down they'd called my name. In my opinion, the "Tea Room" is slightly overpriced. There is a dog there that is very friendly, also.Great coffee, delicious food, hipster waiters.
Outdoor seating was fun with a nice view of the millennial neighbors.
Will come back for more.
PS And they had almond milk!So much noms. Happy they were open on Easter so that was good. Has a nice vibe; it has a rustic/general store feel. The menu was nice and standard+simple, specials were appropriately exotic. I had the biscuits and gravy... SO GOOD. Prolly the best I ever had. Like you should seriously eat them. Fresh biscuits and delicious gravy with just the right amount of spice. If I could do it all over again I would have gotten something fruity to complement the savory. The misses got strawberry rhubarb french toast (special) and it was nice to bite that occasionally. 
People were very friendly and this music was good, not too loud and allowed you to have a conversation when the place was fully crowded.
I really liked how the food came quickly. 
Otherwise, the coffee was good but I swore the mug smelled a bit like mildew; also it's cash only so those two reasons are why I took a star off.Sugar....awwww honey honey! 
This is a great corner brunch spot! On a lazy Sunday we strolled to Honeys Sit & Eat at the 4th street location for a late brunch. Honeys is a hip-sty cool spot with close seating & fun bar area.
Chalkboard menus adorn the walls with daily specials. Diner glass domes of sweets line the counter along with refreshed coffee cups and chatting locals. 
I love the laid back atmosphere of Honey's. The hostess was friendly and offered menus for kiddos and sat us right away. Our server was as laid back as can be but friendly.
We ordered the well known potato latkes with sour cream. These are fantastic and a must order. Crispy on the outside, squishy potato mash on the inside. My 8 year old devoured his immediately.
La Columbe coffee served here. A++ for that!
Kids had the egg sandwich on brioche bun & single pancake filled with chocolate. Pancakes are huge so for kiddos one is more than enough. My kids polished their plates... Thumbs up from the mini peeps.
My husband had the French toast special which was caramelized coconut & banana. Holy moly.. Yum! Gooey and sweet.
I had the Toad In Hole which was by far my favorite. Hollandaise soaked Challah bread with a poached egg in the center topped with melted Jack cheese and truffle oil. Served with a side of spicy arugula with a tart lemon vinaigrette. To die for. The flavors were amazing together and the portion was just enough. 
Overall good experience. Only downside was we saw a couple come in and they sat so long without being served that they got up & walked out. Sadly they missed out on a crazy good toad in hole!Honey's is pretty good. Is it worth a two hour wait on the weekends? Definitely not. 
Located in the hip Northern Liberties section of Philly, this has been the trendy breakfast spot of the last few years (until Green Eggs gave it competition two blocks over). Expect long waits if you don't get there early (especially on the weekends). 
The food is good, but it takes a lot to blow me away with breakfast food. Most of your standard fare breakfast options with a more organic twist.  It also leans towards the more expensive end of things. 
Service has been hit or miss in some past experiences. Twice I had a server who looked like he literally rolled out of bed and showed up.  I understand it's a hip spot, but it just came off as unprofessional. 
Either way, check it out if you're in the area but there is no need to go out of your way for it.I never went to Honey's until about a year ago, but I've lived nearby for almost 3 years now.  Before I actually visited it my friends would talk about honey's like it was the most amazing place on earth...just rave about how its the best place to go for brunch.  I tried to go there for brunch several times after hearing them rave on and on but there was always AT LEAST a one hour wait for breakfast...I always ended up just scooting off to standard tap or the abbey or north third which were always stellar without the wait.
Perhaps it was these events leading up to my first honey's experience and the major build up that was its downfall.  I like honey's its cute, they have great fresh OJ but compared to the other places nearby I find it falls a little short....especially if I have to wait over an hour to eat.  The service is friendly, the menu has lots of selections - almost too many - but I've never found the food to be over the top good...though it is good.  I've given honeys many chances, I'll go with my friends and have a good time...its decent all around  but for me there are so many other places nearby that I would rather frequent.  I just don't understand what all the raving is about!Amazing food and service!  Young and bustling atmosphere, very trendy.  Eggs, lox, latke...  it borders on a religious experience.  For real tho, eat here.  Prices on par for it's segment.  Portions are larger than par which pushed it to 5 star status.This restaurant is a breakfast staple in Philly. You are pretty much guaranteed a wait but I hear that it is well worth it. Joe and I decided to try to beat the crowd. We got there at 9 am on a Saturday and we got the 2nd to last table in the joint. By the time our food came out, the line was out the door!
Joe got the country fried steak with fried eggs over easy. When his dish came out, he got scrambled eggs. He didn't care but I did, cuz it wasn't what he ordered. I asked our super friendly waiter about Joe's order and the waiter brought out eggs over easy on the house. Very nice service! Overall, Joe liked his dish a lot.
So for breakfast, I was in the mood for an assortment of pancakes and so I ordered 1 chocolate chip, 1 banana and 1 regular. The waiter smiled as he told me usually people just get 1 type of pancake, but I guess I'm special in that way. The pancakes came out smaller than anticipated but with the short stack, I was quite full. I got the latke triangle since it was reviewed very often and didn't find it as impressive as the pancakes. I thought the little shot glass of maple syrup was cute. I thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience here and was very pleased with the food and service.Best food in Northern Libs, and by far my favorite breakfast spot. I almost wish they had 2 stories so I could spend hours there stuffing my face.The host's time estimation on wait time was on point, we were sat in exactly 20 minutes, so kudos to that guy. We had waters the minute we sat down, and the staff is so friendly here that I want to befriend them all. They also serve La Colombe which is about as Philly as it gets. The tofu scramble is one of the best I've ever had(and I've had a lot), I recommend getting it with jalapenos, scallions and tomatoes but to each their own. The breakfast bomb is one of their signature dishes which I've only heard great things. The ONLY thing they could possibly add to make it over the top would be tempeh bacon for the vegans/vegetarians, but I will accept, embrace and continue to give them all of the cash I have (it's cash only) until the day I die.Chicken fried passion 
Never eat anywhere else 
Stay golden Honey's 
Get some SOUTH in yo MOUTH! 
Honey's has the look and feel of a roadside cafe that once peppered the interstates of the south. Heading up the Natchez Trace from New Orleans to Nashville, pull over and get some fresh fried chicken in a brown paper bag type of place... 
We sat down and were given two menus packed with choices, but there was no doubt from the moment I walked in that I would be putting a Chicken Fried Steak on death row! 
The CFS was perfect. Crunchy and not overly breaded, steak tender enough to cut with my fork...flavourful gravy, not just a goop of white stuff...man, I am making myself hungry! There are many sides to choose from and I went with the Mac n Cheese (a bowl of creamy, cheesy, mac-y, goodness! I swear they melt a pad of butter in the bowl before they deliver it!) and Green Bean Casserole (all freshly made, with the most amazing fried onions on top...I spread the excess of these over my CFS!). 
Things to know: It's all street parking. My friend thinks they don't take cards, I was rolling with cash anyway, but I'll check on this next visit. They pack the tables in, but it's still a small space, so don't be surprised if you have to wait. Be hungry! 
It's been raining for two days now and I still have the biggest smile on my face...amazing what food can do :)Our server was honest when she forgot something, and made it happen really fast. The food was great - more than we could consume then, but we feasted later. Love the atmosphere.This place give you a feeling of meeting characters from "its always sunny in Philadelphia". Except that "Paddy's Pub" is swarming with people from all parts of the town. It's somewhat similar to Sabrina's on Callowhill. Same long lines in front of the entrance etc etc. Priced almost the same too. 
Food is great. Went for the usual 3 eggs omlette with jalapeno, onions and pepperjack cheese. Was great. And whats the big deal of a good omlette, right? But the truth is, it was just perfect. 
They have an old Orange juice making machine which churns out natural juice from un-peeled oranges. That kinda had me really thinking that this might be the real crowd puller to this place. So, all the people out there who feel a little "under the weather" on a Sunday morning, do make it a point to pay this place a visit. 
The staff is nice and friendly. I will definitely visit this place again.Count your change!
Barista short me $6 for a $12 meal. Then gave me $5 instead of $6 when I brought it up.If you're in Philly looking for A CLASSIC American brunch with amazing food, then Honey's Sit-N-Eat is the place to go. Cash only!
We came on a Saturday morning at around 10:45am and waited about 20 minutes to get seated. The restaurant has a quaint interior and you can tell it's been around for a while, but that makes the place all the more charming. The service was great and we got our food within 15 minutes.
We ordered the $10 Three Slices of Challah French Toast and the $14 Honey Cristo (a Challah French toast stuffed with ham and Swiss cheese, topped with two sunny eggs and served with a mixed green salad), AND THEY WERE BOTH SO GOOD. The Challah French Toast is some of the best French toast I've ever had, and there were so many delicious flavor bombs exploding together as I ate the Honey Cristo (substituted bacon for the ham for more flavor and an added crispy texture).
This is a must-try for any Philly tourist!So everything is fresh and I love that they source their bacon and eggs locally! We've been a million times. Unlimited coffee: YES. Also.. If you see the breakfast flautas on special you MUST ORDER THEM (PLEASE BRING THEM BACK HONEYS!!!) Amazing. Great casual chill local joint, can't go wrong for brunch. Brunch is served until 4 on weekdays and until 5 on weekends.i really don't see what you all see in this place.  i gave it two chances.. the first time, the food was great for me. i had the ribs.  but everyone else at my table hated their food.  the service wasn't that great. and the silverware and glasses were dirty.  have a feeling their kitchen is really dirty too. couldn't get the attention of the waiter/waitress to save our lives.  it was awful.
second time i went sealed the deal of not ever going there again. wasn't even busy... there were barely 6 or 7 tables eating in the place, and the service was AWFUL.  for the amount we paid to eat here and be so unhappy, i could have gone somewhere else. 
do not recommend this place at all.Oh man! This place really hits the spot! My husband and I were in philly for the night and after a long night of heavy drinking we needed a breakfast/brunch spot that was going to get us on the hangover road to recovery, and Honey's Sit n'Eat was it!!!
There was a pretty long line but the overall wait wasn't terrible maybe like 20min. We immediately ordered a lot of beverages, needed hydration stat! I had the limeaid which was the absolute best choice, finished that within seconds! 
I had the huevos rancheros with addition of chorizo and avocado. Oh man this was straight heaven on a plate and I couldn't have asked for a better hangover cure. It was delicious! Eggs perfectly cooked, chorizo had the right heat, and the entire dish was bursting with flavor.
My husband had the honey cristo with a latke and raved about it as well. Overall experience was great and it was our first visit to Honeys Sit n'Eat but definitely won't be our last!!After all the good reviews this place got my husband and I thought we would give it a try.  All I can say is great service, great food and great environment.  Will definitely be back.The food was great.  Desserts amazing and service exceptional!
Cash only but very reasonable!After reading reviews online, I decided to try this place.  I was not disappointed.  I had the open faced biscuit sandwich with a meat sausage substitution (it comes with veggie sausage). The flavors were exactly what I wanted and the portion size was large.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone, but be warned that its popularity means long wait times.LOVE this place!!  I have eaten here twice in the last month and I can't get enough.  Their food is fresh and locally grown.  The dishes are unique but yet a taste of home!
My favorite is the heirloom tomatoes and the Roast Beef Hominy Hash (I believe that is the name).  
The best time is to go for dinner since there is a huge breakfast menu and always a giant wait.  Bon Appetit!Please open a satellite location in West Philly. We are severely under-served in the brunch market.Today was my 2nd visit. First time I had breakfast with amazing biscuits! Get the biscuits...just get them. However, today I was challenged because I'm currently doing the whole30, which is basically no dairy, no bread, no grain, no sugar, no preservatives, and no fun, soooooo, what do I eat?
I got salad, switched a few things, which they were super cool about and left off the dressing. Salad was meh, a salad, can't be too mind blowing without some of the fun toppings or dressings to spice it up. But, my meal was totally saved by the two special sides I ordered and was praying for them to be good.
I ordered the sauteed brussel sprouts with garlic and olive oil, and beets made with orange juice and parsley, a chilled dish. These were both amazing! I would go back for these two sides alone if they were being served again.
Place is a bit pricey, but it's good enough that I'll suck it up and deal with it. Servers were super friendly and nice.
I can't wait to go back! 
My friend ordered the special soba noodle salad which she polished off and gave full stars.Honestly I wasn't impressed by the whole Southern meets Jewish soul food concept. The breakfast menu is heavily laden with pork products and the only "Jewish Soul Food" on the menu was Matzoh Ball Soup. Sorry folks bagels, lox, and Challah for dessert hardly qualify. Corned Beef and Pastrami Rueben's don't even count.
If you want to impress me with Jewish Soul food try adding ungarnished corned beef and pastrami sandwiches on rye with deli mustard, egg creams, cheesecake, and kugel. The wait time is just not worth the quality of the food and the servers tend to be to hip for the job. Service is a more miss than hit. 
Just drop the masquerade that you are selling Jewish soul food and you'll be fine.can we say delicious? i savored every bite of my bacon, egg and cheese filled pancake and potato latke. it couldn't have gotten any better than this. if you like sweet and salty breakfast food, you gotta try their breakfast bomb. definitely worth the 30 minute wait.What am i missing?  Been here 5 times, i come every 6 months or so because i convince myself its decent but food sucks, coffee is pure ish.. and the servers are pretty creepy but they are fast. 
Also the customers are flat out disgusting. I saw ass crack all meal last time and so did the dudes waiter and everyone was super cool with it, like it added to the overall honeys experience. 
In summary tables are too close together service is ok and i dont know what reeks of ass more the guy sitting at the counter with his pants on the floor or the food. 
Ps cash only and busy as f.Try the scrambled eggs with corned beef - excellent portion of tangy, tender slices (not chunks) intermingled with fluffy eggs.  Any corned beef fan would REALLY appreciate this dish!  The corn muffin was also quite good.
My bride got the biscuit sandwich with veggie sausage.  She loved the biscuit and liked the sausage (crispy exterior with mild peppery taste that was pretty close to the real thing).  Fruit side dish was a bit small for the additional $1.75 cost but it was all very fresh and delicious.
Solid 4 star breakfast overall.  The corned beef alone makes the trip worth it even if you have a $8ish one-way cab fare like we did (from Hampton Inn near the convention center).  They were very busy, but we got a table for 2 right away on Easter Sunday morning between 8:30a and 9:00a.
Side note: Skip the standard diner coffee at Honey's and get your caffeine at Cafe la Moude instead!  It's excellent and is literally a 15 second walk down the street.I was looking at this as being like so many breakfast places.....HIGHLY OVER RATED. But, NO SUCH LUCK!!!!!! I love love love Honey's I did not go during the breakfast rush, and as such missed a long wait. SCORE! I was observing Lent, and could not have meat, but they had a GREAT salmon omelet! SCORE! I couldn't have my usual breakfast choice, due to said Lent, but they also had Multigrain Pancakes!!!!!!!SCOREx2!!!!! The pancakes were so good with their syrup, kinda crunchy, moist, not too thick, and sweet! I could have gone here every morning, but I had to move on. But, I will be back and beg to come here FIRST!The line out the door scared me.. Still walked in to see how long the wait would be... Party of 4.. 30mins.. Not too bad... 
We were seated rather quickly... Service was great. Food came out fast, which is also a plus cuz I dislike waiting too long for food.. Portions were big.. Food was good.. Didn't feel rushed at all.Amazing. Great food, great coffee, great service. This place is everything anyone could dream of for brunch. The menu is complete with healthy, salty, sweet, and artery-clogging choices. Portions are well.... huge. And the taste? I'm drooling as I type this review. Plus, it's just a great environment. Hostesses and waitresses are more than accommodating; even fellow customers are always friendly and happy. The wait usually ends up being shorter than they tell you, and the outside seating is a nice option if you can snag a table. I always leave with a full stomach and a smile on my face.I met up with a friend here on a Sunday around 11.  Thre was a ton of people waiting and we put our name in.  We chatted outside for about 20 mins and then went to check on the wait status and were offered 2 seats at the bar.  If you do not want to wait long, I reccommend telling the hostess that you wouldn't mind sitting at the counter.
I had the shrimp Po-Boy which was very tasty.  the roll was a soft roll and the breading on the shrimp had just the right amount of spice.  I also got a side of MAc n Chz which was the good grandmom baked kind, except creamier!.  I also had some fresh limeaid.  It was fascinating to watch the orange juice machine behind the counter continually squeezing the fresh OJ.  Carrot cake for dessert was out of this world.  Service at teh counter was attentive and friendly.
Overall the food was very good, but not anything rare.  this would be my go-to spot if there wasn't always such  wait (Iguess some people are less willing to make wonders in the kitchen at breakfast than I am).  If I can ever get to that magical place where I can work from home, I'd be a regular here for breakfast or lunch.I love the atmosphere and service  @ Honey's. This is one of my favorite places to grab breakfast where the food is inventive, delicious and locally grown/ purchased. If u arrive after 9-9:30 on the weekend u will likely have a wait but it is worth it'Great breakfast place, service was nice and fast. I had the honeys platter and it was delicious!I love my morning coffee.  Someone must have told all of the servers at Honey's Sit-N-Eat, because three different servers asked us four separate times if we wanted a refill.  The space is small and drafty, but cute.  It reminds me of the Pacific Northwest, and I get all misty-eyed.  I digress... back to the food.  I got eggs with nova lox mixed in, with grits and sausage.  Bonus for the sausage having a sweet flavor to it.  I prefer nova to stand alone, and not be mixed in with the eggs, oh well.  The only thing "southern" about this place is the grits, and not really.  Honey's grits are thick, whereas I've always eaten smooth and creamy 'southern' grits.I love Honey's. Honey's [greater than] Sabrina's. No garnish taking over your plate. An extensive menu at all times of the day. No turning the wait for a table into a cute little activity with stale hot chocolate, just heat lamps outside the door when it's cold. The service is fast and on point. The wait can be a little long, but it will take you even longer to get back in the car and drive to the downgrade of your choice (Oregon Diner, IHOP, Sabrina's, etc.). 
Most importantly, the food is great. Good vegetarian options. The vegetarian Frito chili pie appetizer takes me back to high school football games and my carefree meat-eating days. The latkes are crispy and delicious. My favorites are the breakfast quesadillas and the enfrijoladas. Usually, if huevos rancheros are on the menu, I will order them. But it's nice to have a few similar, but different options here.
I love Honey's. Dig it.There's something for everyone, brunch around the clock, and it's a BYOB. The waitstaff works as a team, so you get a minimum of five  people at your service. 
Honey's gets five stars not because any one thing is particularly extraordinary, but because the overall experience is awesome and consistent.
FYI, the wait is worth it.This spot is always packed for brunch on the weekends & for understandable reasons.  The menu selection is ginormous & almost everything is delicious.  I find myself unable to finish virtually every plate I have ever ordered here because the portions are massive.  The fresh squeezed orange juice, though a little pricey is my fav.  Give me a bucket of it any & everyday.  
  Requirements to work here...more than 70% of your wardrobe must be second hand, have at least 2 unfinished pieces of ink, and thick framed glasses must be worn by at least one employee at all times.  The spot is quaint and the tables are a little tight, but all in all it is a great spot to grab some grub.  I usually elect to go here for brunch/lunch on weekdays because the usually isn't a wait.  Even if there is, it won't be more than a few minutes.WTF, Honey's, when did you start serving artificial maple syrup? I don't normally order pancakes at breakfast places because they're easy to make at home and are generally one of the more over-priced items on the menu. On a brisk fall day, however, the pumpkin pancakes caught my attention. But, seriously, artificial maple syrup? As a former New Englander, I feel that any breakfast joint worth its weight shouldn't be able to get away with serving that stuff. After one bite, I could tell I wasn't eating the real deal, so I asked the server about it because it reads "maple syrup" on the menu, and he told me that they use a "maple blend" (whatever that is) because maple syrup is ridiculously expensive and would make the price of pancakes exorbitantly high. Uh, yeah, 'cause $9.50 for two pancakes isn't already exorbitantly high.My most recent visit was for dinner, which was strictly mediocre.   Crabcakes, mac and cheese, and green bean casserole.  Sounds like yummy comfort food, right?  The crabcakes were not flavorful at all. The mac and cheese was Kraft Deluxe.  I am not kidding.  The green bean casserole was the best part of the dish, and I believe the portion was about 1/4 of a cup.  
Their breakfast is their specialty, in my opinion.   Stick with breakfast there and you can't go wrong!Best brunch in Philadelphia, hands down.
Fresh, tasty food, friendly service, yummy coffee, great menu selection. But, if you're planning to go for weekend brunch, go before 9:00 or after 1:00. Otherwise, you'll be waiting in the cramped entryway or outside for a long, long time. It gets very busy (I miss the days before it was popular and I could head around the corner to eat a nice, calm meal whenever I wanted).I Love this place - the food is good.  You have to realize the space is tight - so it's close seating.  Hang and there and just think about the "Pancakes and the large portions of food you will receive".  
Remember - cash only....Idk if it was the three bottles of champagne we had, the perfect weather, or if the food was just that bomb, but my friends and I really enjoyed having brunch here. We came on a Saturday, so It was pretty busy (be prepared to wait) but the hostess was very attentive. I ordered the Honey's Platter, opting for 3 blueberry pancakes, bacon, potatoes with onions and peppers, and 2 over easy eggs. I like a soft yolk, but the white was still a little runny which was the only flaw. But we couldn't get over how good the pancakes were. Definitely will be back.I love me some Honey's!
All the food is incredibly fresh including the Other World deliciosity of their magnificent fresh squeezed ohhhhh J!  Combine the juice with the gigantic grilled cheese on sourdough to cure the most lethal of hangovers.
The service can be iffy.Pretty good brunch.  I had Jeb's Open Face Biscuit Sandwich.  It was fairly tasty, although parts were a slight let down.  The latka was very tasty.  The vegetarian sausage was pretty good, and the crumbly consistency worked well with the biscuit and the egg.  While the gravy was thick, it wasn't a spiced as I would have liked.  The gravy was a bit disappointing.  
I also tried the bacon and home fries.  The home fries cooked with onion and peppers were very good (though I'd stick to the latka).  Everything tasted fresh, the coffee was pretty good.  
Service was friendly, but a little forgetful at times.  We didn't have to wait too long (15 minutes) for a table for two at 2 pm on a Saturday.  
I am interested in going back and trying more of the menu.  I definitely want to try the Huevos Rancheros and the Enfrijoladas.Honey's, your officially my new brunch honey!  
Given the timing, we all opted for lunch-y food but it wasn't for lack of amazing looking and sounding breakfast dishes.  (I was also pretty jazzed about their commitment to local produce/eggs/etc.)  
Started with Latke's and Fried Green Tomatoes which were both amazing!  Next, I had Turkey Club which included avocados, cranberry sauce, and the requisite bacon on tasty fresh bread.  The others had the Brisket Sandwich and Turkey Burger which were also tasty... (I am a big taster of other peoples orders and luckily my friends and family indulge me!) As for sides, the fries were delish and the Mac-n-Cheese, heavenly!  Next time I will have to save room for the desserts but there will definitely be many more next times for me at Honey's 
Oh, and a couple of logistics... Went to Honey's this weekend for a late brunch.  At ~2 pm, NO wait for either a outside or inside the restaurant and free parking across the street.  And they were very "High Chair Friendly".  Because sometimes, thats just how I roll.CASH ONLY VENUE PEOPLE!
(And BYOB)
Cute little nook of a place nestled right on the corner.
The menu boasts eclectic style brunch foods and I found myself struggling on what to choose!
I ordered:
-- Toad in a hole: Hollandaise soaked challah, poached egg, jack cheese, truffle oil 
This was delicious and if you like poached eggs and are looking for a change to the normal eggs benedict (which is a fav of mine) this is a great option!  It is loaded with cheese!
--and Strawberry banana French toast for the table which was a weekly special
Honest;y, I really wanted to like this French toast but it lacked luster if you will...It sounded much better than it tasted.  It was a bit bland and not very sweet.
It is also a lil pricey so come prepared
I love brunch venues and may opt to re-visit this locationHoney's Sit-N-Eat is hands down one of the best restaurants that I've ever been two. I can't stop raving about the country-fried steak. The gravy is pretty amazing, and the coating on the steak is light and fluffy, it just melts in your mouth. Every time I'm in Philadelphia I make an excuse to visit Honey's. The waits are usually long, but I've never minded because the food is awesome. 
I also really like the dcor at the new place on South Street. I wanted dinner one evening when I was in the city, and made a special point to go. I wasn't disappointed.I have to agree with most comments on here, but for brunch, I have to use my go-to as the baseline (Sabirina's Cafe) and its just not on the same level for me.  If you like a more conservative variety of brunch, then Honey's is your spot, but if you like to get a little more inventive, then Id check out Green Eggs or Sabrina's.GREAT food and friendly staff.  I wish they had one in NJ!!!came here on my visit to Philly...my friend who lives here took me as it one of her favorite places. The place is like a cute hole in the wall neighborhood restaurant. You usually have to wait a bit but I was prepared for that. I had the truffle toad with  hollandaise soaked challah bread with poached egg and truffle oil. It was delicious!! It has this side of this yummy salad with dressing that was like a citrus oil (YUMMM)!! The food was decently priced and really good; would definitely come here again (if I was in Philly).I always want to like Honey's more than I actually do. I've been here 3 times now and I've decided it's obviously just not one of my favorite places. My friends all love of it,
so I'm clearly the odd one out here. I guess what it comes down to for me is I'm not wowed by the food. Let's break it down. 
For me the food is good, but not great. This time around I got the chicken fingers and hush puppies. The breading on the chicken doesn't have strong flavor nor is it very crispy. It's not mushy either. Just kind of soft, I think. The ranch dipping sauce was okay. The hush puppies though - they were really good. A friend of mine got the chicken fingers, she wasn't wowed either. Although, she did have matzo ball soup and loved it. I will say Honey's does have awesome biscuits. But biscuits alone can not entice me. In my opinion, mediocre chicken fingers aren't worth $13. Also, I find the menu to be a little lackluster. Breakfast or burgers is really the fare. For me, it's slightly better than diner food and you pay way more. 
The ambiance is eh. It's cool but it's like any hipster city place. 
Service is also eh. This time our waiter was awesome. Quick on refills, checked in often but didn't hover. Last time before that I got a girl with a big attitude who took forever to come around. 
Clearly, most people like Honey's so it's probably worth giving it a shot. I think the reality doesn't live up to the hype though. It's just not for me.Great place 
Wish you could make rvsp'sWorth the wait for brunch!  Honey's has a cozy atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious latkes and biscuits.  Their list of specials is always long and fantastic, and the standards are delicious as well.  I've loved a handful of omelets there (chorizo, pepper jack and jalapenos... mmm), but next time I'm getting the massive pastrami sandwich I saw the guy beside me eating!
Also, a huge thank you to the amazing bartender/server who sprinted two blocks after us in the rain when I accidentally left my credit card on the bar after learning they're cash only!  That's the kind of amazing service I'll be telling people about for a long time!I went to Honey's yesterday for a nice big breakfast.  We were up late the night before, but rushed to get there before 9am to beat the crowds.  It worked out, as we didn't have to wait at all.  However, 5 or 10 minutes later, there was definitely a wait.  We got here just in time.
I got a three egg omelet with veggie sausage, spinach and cheddar cheese.  It was really good.  The omelet was perfect and I finished the whole thing.  The home fries were way too greasy for my taste.  I left those on the plate.  But after that omelet, I definitely didn't leave hungry.  Even though it was crowded and there were people waiting, the waitress did not rush us at all. 
If you're looking for atmosphere, go elsewhere.  It's loud and crowded and feels like a diner.  However, the service is good and the food is tasty.  I like that there is an orange juice machine and you can see the oranges rolling in.  However, that orange juice is expensive!
If you live in the area and don't want to wait, they also do take out.The food is great, service is good and the wait wasn't sooo awful.  Make sure to keep bothering the hostess about your place in line and you'll get seated more quickly.  We chowed down on a variety of pancake, omelette, and other yummy breakfast.  Plus the coffee was fresh and strong, just like me.  Muaaahhhaha!Good food period. We had Breakfast Bomb and Fried Chicken. The portions were just perfect and the taste wad amazing.  It was perfect sweet and perfect salty. The wait staff was courteous and prompt. I also liked their coffee.
So why one star less?
Well, it's a cash only place N I thinks that's old school. We shud be able to use credit cards if we like. I don't like the places where I don't get options I like.
Second reason is that the coffee can take some time to come to ur tavle . And I want my coffee hot N immediate. Hence 4 dyard.
Overall I recommend this place for breakfast or brunch.this is a gem in the philadelphia area, they serve breakfast all day, and i have been here more than 10 times and ordered something different every time, and it has all been super delicious.  portion sizes are huge, the service is friendly and more than happy to answer any questions, and you get free seconds on any side as long as you ask.  the only downside is it gets really crowded on weekend brunch mornings, and service can slow down significantly.  there have been a few instances where they forgot about us for 20 minutes or so, but the food is so good, i would wait forever.  i did not like it was cash only either, but there is an atm in the restaurant.My daughter and I went to Honey's mid-afternoon; my first time as I was visiting. I had the turkey club which was very good. Fresh turkey, good bacon, lettuce & tomato. My daughter had the sausage & biscuits with gravy which she said was very good as well. The coffee was delicious! Great service & great food. What more could you ask for! I will definitely return!My favorite breakfast joint in Philly - I usually ask my sis to go there whenever I visit.  The only detracting factor is the wait.  But I looooooove their food, so it's worth it to me.  We just bring the Scrabble/weekend newspaper or crossword to while away the time before we get our eats on.
(Please don't be campers, people - everyone else wants to enjoy a good meal, too!)