I don't get what all the hype is. Yes, this place is convenient and the closest thing to a diner on this part of South St., but it's nothing to write home about. I just don't get all the hype. I find the crowd huddled on the steps every Saturday and Sunday morning amusing. It's just not the great. 
First off...the waitstaff...I feel like they are constantly putting on a hipster act and that i am at one of those themed restaurants in Disney World where the staff is a group of struggling actresses and actors. 
The last time I ate here I had an extremely bizarre experience involving what seemed to be a regular homeless customer yelling at the management for some chicken wings. We were of course waiting at that point around 1/2 hour for our table (in which 3 groups of hipster friends were sat before us despite their arrival time by their hipster hostess friend) 
I can name at least 4 other breakfast/brunch places in town that Honey's doesn't even compare to.Went here for dinner and got the Shakshuka. It was very spicy but very good. Very good service and it's BYOB. Definitely want to check it out for brunch one day but I know it's crazy at those times. Come for dinner and you'll be pleasantly surprisedThis is a solid breakfast place with a diner feel. Cash only. It's not grungy or greasy. Great potato latkes (best with applesauce). Pancakes are love 'em or hate 'em (I loved them). Interesting menu, but also many of the standards, like omelettes. Honey Cristo is good. Fantastic weekday specials before 9 am.The country fried steak was unbelievable! Beware you will get a food coma afterwards.This will probably be my go-to neighborhood brunch place. Affordable prices, reasonable wait times (relative to other brunch places), and **byob**! Orange juice by the pitcher for mimosas is listed as market price, which is a bit odd. But it was about $20 when we went. Worth it to check out. Get there early to avoid long waits!The food is ok and the wait for brunch is out of control. I don't think the wait justifies the food and being cash only is just annoying. I'd recommend other brunch places even with similar waits because they mostly have better food. The eggs at brunch were dry. I've also had dinner here. There's hardly a wait and the food is still just ok.Yum! This place serves exactly what you'd picture when you think of a hearty, classic, traditional American breakfast. I enjoyed the bottomless coffee, and the waitress kindly brought me a small mini-pitcher of milk instead of cream when I asked. The wait can be long if you have a large group, but as a table for 2, we were seated immediately. 
Also: CASH ONLY!Finally made it to Honey's! I came on a Wednesday afternoon to avoid the line on the weekend, and didn't have to wait, but it was still surprisingly busy. Overall, we had a great experience, and I look forward to coming back here in the future.
Honey's is Southern-inspired, and their decor is very vintage-y and rustic: a lot of wood, old signs, etc. I loved it!
While their regular menu looked great, their specials (written on the chalkboard on the wall) were what really caught my eye. The pecan pie pancakes were very intriguing, but I was in more of a savory mood, so I decided to get the Fried Cheese Grilled Cheese, which comes with tomato soup. 
I was happy with my dish. The grilled cheese was scrumptious, and the caramelized onions were the perfect touch. While the tomato soup was a little salty, I liked having it to dip my grilled cheese into. I finished the whole thing, which is usually impossible for me and most brunch dishes, but I was stuffed. 
Great experience overall, and would recommend it. The service was great as well. The only thing that takes away a star for me is the lack of a real "oomph" factor - I do think most of the dishes are traditional breakfast items, but cooked very well.I feel confident that I can bump Honey's up to a 4 star review after several more visits.  The Honey Cristo is truly great and the specials are always interesting and well executed.  My only remaining issue is that the omelets tend to be somewhat dry and cheeseless, which really doesn't do it for me.I was coaxed to try this place out again after a long absence. I'm glad I did! They changed their menu, and now tofu scramble just like ordering an omelette. They let you pick all your fixings to add into it. They also give you a much better portion of tofu than before. Thanks for making the change guys!
I still refuse to wait 90 minutes for a seat though. Go during off peak hours and get breakfast for dinner.My best friend & I spent the weekend in Philadelphia for Made in America. We were in dire need of great food! So we asked a friend who was familiar with the area & she recommended Honeys' Sit N Eat. The location was pretty good! I was able to find parking quickly. We caught the brunch rush so there was about a 15 minute wait, but it seemed like 5 mins. The restaurant itself is small & tight knit but that makes it all the more amazing! The ambience was extremely fitting, cool, comfy & somewhat of a southern vintage feel! I loved it!  
My best friend & I actually ordered the same thing just in different variations. We built our own omelets  with a side of potatoes ( I had the Latke & she had home fries) homemade biscuit (SO GOOD)  a buttermilk pancake & fresh squeezed OJ. The list of ingredients for omelets was pretty long. The first 3 fillings are complimentary then there's a $.75 charge for any additional. I had chorizo, tomatoes , scallions & cheddar. Yum! Everything was fresh! Delicious! The presentation was even good! Our waitress was a sweetheart as well, making out dining experience even more delightful.   
We spent about $20 each which is great for brunch! Oh! Honeys is CASH ONLY! So be prepared, there was an ATM inside but it was out of order. Whenever I go back to Philadelphia I'll for sure be visiting Honeys'Meh.
Had the breakfast enchilada.  It was okay.  So was the coffee.  So were the reactions of my five friends, who got other things.  Underwhelming.  Fine, but overpriced for what it was.  Really, really, nothing special.  Not bad, but also not particularly good.  I got the very distinct impression that they have a higher opinion of themselves than what is warranted.  Ingredients, presentation, price, etc. all have room for improvement.Hello new graduate hospital neighborhood brunch spot! After what seemed like forever this place finally opened right across the street from tenstone and right next to city fitness gym (which is where i needed to go after my feast).
First and foremost this place is BYOB so don't forget your champagne to go with the freshly squeezed OJ. This place attracts tons of families so be prepared for some noise in the dining area and a wait during weekend brunch hours. Food-wise, as soon as I saw the honey cristo on the menu I knew it was for me. The thickness of the challah french toast is not for those carb watchers but combined with the fresh ham and cheese makes this dish a fantastic power brunch option. I asked for extra syrup which then took it a step further into the dessert zone. Boom, the complete meal.
Great service throughout the meal too, I'm buying what this place is selling (cash only folks).I used to be a frequent patron at Honey's Northern Liberties location when I lived in that part of town yet moved into Gray's Ferry about 4 years ago.  So lacking in my life was the comforting cuisine that is Honey's.  But no more!  The new location on South Street is close, and frankly, quite awesome.
The good things they've done before pretty much replicates itself in their new location.  It's a fairly large dining area with a good amount of window seats.  It's a little bit more impersonal though, but it's new and they'll be growing into their new home I'm sure.  Our server was great, she was very attentive and speedy, and had a friendly, pleasant attitude.  Very welcoming.
The menu is identical to the NoLib locale.  Yesterday, I dined on the Vegetarian Country Fried Steak.  It's not steak like at all, it's shredded veggies with a fried coating  and it's delicious and filling.  It has a generous thick cream sauce on top and I chose grilled asparagus and seared brussels sprouts as sides.  The asparagus was perfect, brussels sprouts overdone.  It also comes with a buttermilk biscuit, very good, but much sweeter then a run of the mill biscuit.  I also had a Homemade Limeade, refreshing and tasty, not too sweet or bitter.  They don't take credit cards BTW, annoying, but I get it.
On a side note, they are always running vegan or vegetarian specials, which is rare and wonderful.  This place is just so great, I'll be back again and again.The potato latkes and chicken fried steak are my favorites here - unique, tasty, and filling. Some of the items off the weekend breakfast menu are a little overpriced for what you get, imo, but overall this is a convenient place to have casual brunch with friends in grad hospital.This is currently my favorite breakfast spot: excellent food (and lots of vegan, gluten-free, etc options), good for groups, and the nicest staff ever. I love that they are flexible with substitutions--this makes it great for my and my partner's variety of food issues.
My list of must-try menu items:
(1) the enfrijoladas (try them vegan)
(2) the potato latke
(3) the fresh-squeezed juice (sometimes, they even have blood orange)
(4) the vegetarian reuben sandwich
(5) the biscuits and gravyThis place always hits the spot! The breakfast is delicious and Extremely tasty but that is all I have ever had! 100% yumm!I ordered the fried chicken sandwich special, and while it was good-- it was offensively small for $12. It appeared that they took a chicken tender and put it on a sandwich with pickles and buttermilk sauce. They should have served at least twice as much chicken... a breast? half breast? I also had hash browns with pepper and onions, but they skimped in the peppers and onions too :(If you can weather the hour-plus wait on saturday and sunday mornings (or can manage to get up early) this place is well worth it .  Perfect for a quick healthy breakfast or an indulgent brunch with friends and champagne.  Their orange juice is incredible and fresh squeezed.  
- Chicken Fingers are fantastic, really some of the best ever!
- The Mac and Cheese is unbelievable and the size of the side is perfect
- Pastrami Reuben is ginormous and so flavorfulI live right across the street so naturally go here often. The breakfast is the best part of the place. Huevos r anchceros and the breakfast combo are my favorites. The lunch menu could be improved as most of the items are heavy sandwiches. Staff is friendly and on point. Always a good experience here.I want to love this place, I really do. But I've decided that it's not worth the 20 min-1.5 hour wait for brunch. There are plenty of places in this city to get brunch, and I'm not sure Honey's offers anything too special. 
20 minute wait to get in. We waited for our food for what felt like forever, since our waiter never came back to refill coffee and waters, even though he walked by us 20 times and we kept trying to stop him. 2 hours later when we left, it just wasn't worth it. This location offers dinner, which is great, since there is usually no wait for that, and it's BYO. Plus, you can order off the breakfast menu.
I think my biggest gripe is the up charge for tofu substitutions. It's an extra $2, which is the cost of a whole package. You're lucky to get a small sprinkle in your meal. Even the tofu scramble plate is 1/3 green pepper, 1/3 onion, and only 1/3 tofu. Super super disappointing. 
2 stars for brunch.
3.5 stars for dinner.Honey's is a neat-looking establishment that has a nice brunch menu. In terms of the customer experience, I thought there was a lot left to be desired. From the moment we were greeted, the host was an order giver and the waiting process was opaque at best.
To compound the wait, several tables sat open for over 10 minutes to accompany server shift changes rather than prioritize the customer. The food was okay, but the organization doesn't prioritize the customer experience first and for that reason, I would not recommend this restaurant.Meh.  They love to charge you if you ask for extra condiments. Which is unacceptable. Why not just raise the menu price. Food is ok. Nothing special.Amazing food!! I would highly recommended eating at Honey's. We are breakfast, but I'm sure the lunch is great too!!I feel somewhat mixed about Honey's... Love that it's so close by, but the food is hit-or-miss and can be pricey for what you get.  The first time I ate there I had the breakfast quesadilla... which was bland.  How do you make all that cheese, avocado crema, pico de gallo tasteless?  Plus, WAY overpriced for what I got.  $12 + $2.75 for coffee, ended up being almost a $20 breakfast (and no cocktail).  The second time I went specifically to try their weekday breakfast special - two eggs, side, toast, coffee for $3.95.  That's $1.20 more than the coffee alone.  Delicious, and a great deal!  7-9 am M-F!  Try it!Somehow the brunch gods smiled upon us on a sunny morning because for this party of 2, there was no line at Honey's.  Well there was a line, but not for our duo.  Service was good, though it took a bit of time to get our waters.  It was fine as I was happy with my coffee. 
I couldn't decide so I opted for the Honey's platter that had a little of everything.  It was a solid plate of food - and my pancakes were the star.  My partner had the biscuits with vegetarian gravy and was a very happy camper.   
They don't take plastics here, so make sure you have cash.  I did notice a lot of kids here, so if you have youngin's of your own, this might be the place for you.Attentive, friendly service, but lackluster flavors. We had the special omelette with brisket and the farmer's egg platter; the eggs were dry and underseasoned in the special, and the side of grits was especially disappointing (flavorless), especially after being reassured by our server that 'there is nothing bad on the menu'. The pancakes we ordered were adequate. 
Our server and the host were each very pleasant, but the mediocre cooking is my lasting impression. I had a good experience a little over two years ago at the nolibs location, and this pales in comparison. I hope in the future that honey's considers ways to inspire their cooks more or takes efforts to maintain better quality control.A great place to grab a quick and simple meal, as long as it's not a weekend breakfast when the lines snake outside the door for miles.This place really knows how to treat customers and serve a good plate. Very creative breakfast and brunch items. I especially liked the eggs Benedict with chorizo sausage. Next time I try this place I will get the chicken fried steak I heard it's really good. Even though this place can get packed on the weekend for breakfast or brunch the staff is usually pretty smooth on getting people through to a table.Honeys delivers, from the fresh squeezed juices to the variety of down home, vegan, and meatatarian delights on the breakfast menu. From pancakes to enfrijoladas (sp?), it's all good.Crowded as usual...lousy music..competent hosts..polite waitress....barely warm overcooked  omelettes and deep fried potato triangles they call latkes (not even close)...and lousy coffee..Why it  is so popular is a testimony to the seemingly low standards of the clientele. Don't know why it is so popular.Am I the only person who's not a huge fan of Honey's? Maybe I'm ordering wrong, but I prefer a savory breakfast so I've never gotten the pancakes.  Whenever I've come here, whatever eggs and toast I get are usually drowning in butter, and the serving sizes aren't very generous.  The latkes are fine but nothing special, and they charge extra for applesauce and sour cream. Speaking of which, the last time I went, out waiter was doing a whole lot of upcharging without letting us know what was complementary and what would be added to our bill.  This is clearly a people-pleaser and a good place for a group breakfast, but if you're planning on waiting in line somewhere, I would choose Sabrina's.Seasonal specials are a great excuse to hit this joint. Another reason would be their typical breakfast 2 egg special or the pancake special for only $5 7-9 am. They serve La Colombe coffee! Do I need to say more? Service is always great. The place does get jam packed for brunch over the weekends.  We usually go during weekdays. Good place for breakfast, brunch, and lunch. Kid friendly ambiance and very accommodating.Honey's is great. They don't try to be something they are not, the service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual enough that anyone should be comfortable. I also like that this location has a ton of space. 
The wait can be daunting but that is because they have developed a solid reputation for great food. Generally they get brunch reviews so am mixing it up by focusing on dinner. 
Am always happy there and it's one of the most affordable great dinners to be had (plus it's BYO) and if I wanted to order breakfast for dinner I could.so glad this place has finally opened!  they promise dinner hours soon, but for now, it's 7am-5pm.  i went for takeout today, and had the toad in a hole, featuring challah, some habanero jack, and truffle oil.  it was great, and i'm so glad that the second location is up and running.  i'm told that they're calling it "honey's sit 'n eat on south" as the "official" title of this place.  the interior is brighter than the original location, but the menu looks to be the same: http://honeyssitneat.com/menu/
cash only, ATM available inside.Neighborhood comfort food at its best. Good variety prepared well. Great for weekday breakfast or weekend brunch. Can get crowded, so plan ahead.Their new location just opened in my neighborhood. I love there food and their employees are awesome!! very nice and excellent service.Devoted fans are we of the NoLibs Honey's (where parking can be a challenge), and we often lamented that terrific breakfast locations are not as plentiful downtown as we would like.   When a friend shared news of Honey's expansion, we were simultaneously ecstatic and trepidatious.   All too often the second location of a successful eatery is a disappointment (and we feared that a poor experience at the new location would spoil our affection for the original one).   Presumably, it is difficult to maintain the same levels of quality and service across multiple locations (unless you are McDonald's).  
Happily, this is not the case with Honey's on South. Here, one will find the same wonderful, diverse and somewhat eccentric menu as the original.  The Huevos Rancheros, my husband's addiction, were bite-for-bite as well conceived and executed as the original.   "Nom-nom" sounds filled the air on his side of the table.  Meanwhile, my Enfrijoladas were perfect (especially with extra guacamole).   I dream about the little microgreen salad that adorns this dish.
The La Colombe coffee, natch, was as good and plentiful here as at the original location and the service was as attentive.   The only smallish disappointment is that the interior of this location is not as rustic and charming as the original.
We look forward to many happy returns.Was looking for a new place to try and bring out of town friends.   I remembered Honey's that I pass driving to work every day, but had not tried since moving here.  I was amazed at the spacious, sunny interior and country store style decor.  The bar style seating was so fun and unique.  
The waitress was very friendly and immediately offered to start us off with some water and coffee.  Recommendations were given for the food since there were so many options to choose from on the menu and specials.  Ultimately, we all went with options off of the specials list and were not left disappointed!  The presentation was beautiful and the meal combinations were well thought out and carefully crafted.  The portions were perfect sizes-not the 'stuff your face' size of some diners, but left you full and satisfied.  
I always comment on the coffee at a breakfast place because that is so important.  The coffee here fit the bill with everything else and was quite good and hot!
We were too late for the breakfast bargains (7-9am), but there are two options with coffee for only $4.95...how awesome is that?!?!
We were told that they are now servicing dinner and for BYOB- I will definitely be back with other guests or Philadelphian friends.After having been out of the country for two months and with only three hours of sleep and a very empty stomach, I headed into Honey's Sit n' Eat on South Street for some good old fashion American brunch. Unlike the Honey's in Northern Liberties, this Honey's had no wait. It was 9AM on a Saturday and we got seated immediately. Also unlike its counterpart in Northern Liberties is the spacious feeling of the establishment. Sunlight permeated the dining area, morning chatter filled up the room, and the smell of coffee aroused my senses.
We both got the Honey Cristo - mine had French toasts stuffed with ham and Swiss cheese. With the gloomy weather outside, the sunny side eggs that lied on top of the plate was deliciously wonderful.
We were undecided about dessert, but the waiter swore by the carrot cake. So, we split it. When the slice of heaven came, I was secretly hoping that my foodie mate wasn't that hungry anymore, because one bite of it made me want not just the slice, but the whole pie.
Altogether, my experience here was much better than the one in Northern Liberties. The wait was nonexistent (for us), the atmosphere was relaxing, and the food was what American comfort food is all about.I have been looking forward to eating at Honey's since it's such a popular brunch spot. I went there today and I have to say that the breakfast bomb that I ordered (pancake stuffed with scrambled eggs and your choice of breakfast meat) was not as good as I thought it'd be. The eggs were a little on the dry side and the pancake wasn't really the fluffy type but more chewy for me. Overall I had a positive experience. The potato latke was very good and the staff were nice.Great brunch spot! Decided to come here for brunch on a Thursday to avoid the weekend brunch crowd and everything was good! We came with a big group and were seated immediately at the large community table. The restaurant has this one large community table that can seat about 15-20 people (not sure the exact number) and then many smaller private tables. We brought a couple bottles of champagne and these were quickly open for us.
For food, our waiter suggested we try the daily special, a Mac and cheese pancake. To say we were skeptical would be an understatement, but we decided to order one and split it between the 8 of us. I'm so glad we did! It was phenomenal, I'm not sure I ever want to/can go back to eating regular pancakes again. The Mac and cheese is actually added to the pancake batter and baked in there and then goldfish crumbs were sprinkled on top. It came with syrup, but I think I preferred it without. To whoever came up with this brilliant combo, I salute you.  For my meal I tried the huevos rancheros with chorizo and it was a delicious blend of Mexican goodness. 
The other pro about Honey's is that the food is pretty cheap! For our meal we all ended up paying about $20 each. Just make sure to bring cash as its a cash only restaurant!Had brunch at 10 am it was delightful and good crowd, good bacon and coffee, you may have to wait at the rush times. Try the honey cristo really good. I will be back. Cash only.I loved Honey's for breakfast.
I was stunningly hungover so couldn't manage a standard stodgy breakfast so had a deep fried banana split for breakfast.  Anywhere that has the option of banana split for breakfast is a winner in my book.
The service was friendly, there was a nice busy buzz and the rest of my party's traditional breakfasts were yum.  
And a big plus for me. The toast came buttered whilst it was still warm which seems to be a challenging feat in most restaurants in the States.
Scrumptious.Wonderful brunch venue in University City and Fishtown/Northern Liberties (I believe?). No reservations and cash only so be prepared to wait or go at a weird non-brunch time! All dishes are fresh and well prepared. Love the giant pancake. Cheap and easy way to get fullMy daughter has been trying to get me here for over a year - she is a regular Honey's Brunch customer.
We finally went during the week and at 11:30am it was busy. Some people were waiting for tables. Love the atmosphere here - the host was a nice guy who checked in on us - bringing water etc. Our waitress was super cool and attentive. 
I ordered a special they had on the board - something with chimichurri sauce and flank steak - this had good flavor but the steak could have used more time marinating to make it more tender. The white rice was hard. Black beans were ok. Eggs over easy were good. 
My daughter had something with the word "bomb" in it - looked like a pancake stuffed with scrambled eggs and sausage - and a side of potato latkes. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head when she tasted her food - she said it was awesome!
Coffee was good and strong.
I agree with some others that it's a bit overpriced but I enjoyed the place overall and would go back again happily to try some other dishes.A great place to have breakfast. This is my first trip to Philly and Honey's kicked my day off right. Everything we tried was good including the coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. The 100% Maple Syrup took me back to childhood. When they say giant pancake they are big the topping were great and the omelet cooked just right.I was very excited to have this location opening so close to home and I was also fortunate enough to grab my first meal on a weekday. I was able to get a table with my girlfriend with no wait, and we enjoyed a great meal. The honey fried chicken finger platter was beyond delicious and the homemade ranch and hush puppies were added bonuses to an already awesome meal.
If you're planning on going on a busier day, such as the weekend, be prepared for a loooonnnng wait. Such as the 45 minutes on the most recent Saturday trip around 11am.Ok. So I've visited twice on my short trip to Philly. First time with 7 other family and friends. Breakfast was awesome and service great. Five star worthy. I come back solo two days later and sit at the counter. I arrive at 8:57 am, get cash out of their ATM (no credit cards allowed) and get seated at 9. Server comes over at 9:05. We are discussing menu options and I want the bargain special, which is served from 7-9 am. She says it's not available. I ask if I can have it since I sat down at 9, and she is obviously not happy about acquiescing, which she does. Makes me feel like the bad guy for even asking. And trust me, I was looking at the time when I arrived. The good will a business can generate by just being generous - when it comes to something like this - is worth so much. You turn someone off with an attitude, and it kills everything. No matter how good the coffee and bacon are.Pretty tasty and friendly service. The tofu scramble was a little too salty for my liking but not horrible. The biscuit and potatoes were delicious. Halfway through our meal, my friend mentioned to the waiter that her grits were burned at the bottom and she replaced it, giving her a latke free of charge. Overall good food and I would eat here again.My wife and I love Honey's.  We've both lived chunks of our lives in the south and we were looking for a good basic southern diner.  In Honey's we've found some of our favorite southern dishes with some interesting twists.  We've been going there regularly for two years.  It's consistently excellent.  As a result, we regularly take visiting friends and family to eat there.  In particular, my wife (who is vegetarian) loves Jeb's biscuits and gravy.  The staff and management are also solid making us feel at home even though the place is often slammed.  I can't say enough good things about this place.I had breakfast this morning at Honey's. I love this place. Our waiter was wonderful. He helped me to find the appropriate breakfast combo that actually saved me money. However, the first thing that I noticed was the heat. I really feel sorry for the servers who have to run around  for eight hours. I was told that there was recently a repair. However, it does not seem adequate for the space.
I also regret that one cannot pay with a credit card. I don't find a cash machine a solution. In any event, I will go back, probably many times.Eh... not impressed at all after almost an hour of waiting.
It was very brooklyn meets philadelphia in a hipster sort of way. I don't mean that in a complimentary way either. Exposed ceiling with poorly nailed upon boards, reclaimed decor, and a very hipster-I'm-so-cool-feel. The waiting area was packed, the service pretty unattentive, and the food took too long to come out.
I usually like to order specials because they should be delicious, you know... in a mf special sort of manner. The brisket florentine was special, but in an underwhelming way. The house made brisket itself was delicious, but it came under poached eggs and soggy spinach with a flavorless holladaise sauce poured over it. I think it may have been the spinach, but then mixed with the sauce and egg yolk, it just became a huge watery mess. My side order of home fries became drenched in the water puddle on my plate and while I finished everything, i was pretty high on my list of mediocre brunch experiences.
My companions ordered the more traditional menu items of pancakes, eggs, sandwiches etc and that's probably where I erred. They seemed to heartly enjoyed their meals, but I wanted brunch, not breakfast or lunch. This is supposed to be special and delicious... but no.
Oh and it was funny, they actually forgot my meal at first. The other 3 orders came out and a 2nd waitress came out with a plate of home fries and biscuits, sides that were also ordered, then she looks at me and was like 'oh... did you order something?'Do you want to hear a secret? Maybe I shouldn't even put this in writing? Maybe you already know this one and are about to laugh at me, but....
Go to a brunch place during non-brunch hours! Ingenious, right? 
So I ended up at Honey's Sit 'n Eat last week with my husband and a friend. We had been across the street at Ten Stone with Honey's just staring us in the face and calling our names. So we wandered across the street sometime in the 4 o'clock hour. 
We were greeted and seated right away. Now I was a newbie to Honey's, but this wasn't my first brunch rodeo. I've heard the hype about this place and couldn't image that ever happening in the prime of brunch time on a Sunday morning. 
The solid service continued. Although they were closing around 5, but never felt rushed or unwanted. 
I went with the breakfast quesadilla which consisted of scrambled eggs, cheddar and pepper jack cheeses served with refried beans, pico de gallo and avocado sour cream sauce. I opted for an additional avocado and it was like half an avocado. You could tell the quesadilla was freshly made with a nice tortilla and the eggs were recently scrambled. My only grip was that there really wasn't much of the beans, pico or avocado sour cream. They were almost hidden under one piece of quesadilla. The extra avocado was a clutch addition. 
They don't take credit card but they have an ATM on premise. 
I had a quick and tasty experience, and would definitely return at a similar odd hour. Sunday morning brunch is so last year. Sunday late afternoon brunch is where it's at.Typical brunch food - classic, easy, nothing special.  Would say not worth over an hour wait. Street parking is relatively easy to find. Rustic, mom-and-pop-shop vibe. 
Potato Latke - was more like fried potato cake. Was expecting something more of a potato pancake. Comes with a side of sour cream or apple sauce. 
Giant Pancakes - When they say giant, they mean humongous! It took all 3 of us to finish the two giant pancakes. 
Eggs Benedict - Nothing too fancy about this. 
Buffalo Cauliflower - Definitely one of the better things on the menu! It's a great alternative to buffalo wings. Comes with blue cheese dressing and celery sticks on the side. 
Country Fried Steak and Gravy with Two Eggs - Runny egg yolk, relatively standard dish. 
Definitely a plus was the free coffee refills, which lets everyone drink up to their heart's content.Went to honeys recently and not sure we will go back. Staff is not only pretty caught up in being hip, but our particular server seemed almost annoyed by having to wait on us, and only came over after I asked hostess if anyone would be serving our table (after about 10 minutes of sitting with no one even coming to get us coffee). Food is good - taters and biscuits are especially yummy - tho $4 for 2 pieces of bacon (literally) is way too much. (If you are going to charge $4 for a side, at least give the customer $4 worth of it). All in all as much as I would love to love honeys, the loves not there and we will have breakfast elsewhere in the future.First and foremost, I'm not saying Honey's gave me and my roommates food poisoning for sure, but I am saying that shortly afterwards we all came home and fought over the bathroom, and then laid around feeling terrible. That is my biggest, but by no means only, gripe with Honey's. 
The food was ridiculously overpriced, and terribly bland and unimpressive. There was nothing special whatsoever about our dishes, and I would never go out of my way to go back there, even if we didn't all have such bad reactions to the food there. The service was also bland and cold. 
Not taking credit or debit cards is completely absurd. It's 2015 and there is no reason that food that overpriced shouldn't be able to cover whatever nominal credit card fees there might be. 
I would definitely never recommend this place to anyone. It was a terrible experience I hope never to repeat.Some of the best pulled chicken taco's I have had in a long time. I am not a huge fan of their breakfast items but the guacamole, salsa, and taco's are great. My daughter also loves the enfrijoladas.Typically a consistently good place to eat. Friendly people and great french toast and bacon!Just finished our third visit to honeys this morning.  Kids loved it of course - awesome challah French toast. The apple sauce that can be ordered along side the latkes is sweeter and stickier than we prefer but the latkes them selves are great.    If ordering an omelet be sure to add brisket - awesome.   Blueberry jam on the table is always a big hit.Delicious brunch!  Well worth the 20 minute wait for a table.  The coffee was rich and free flowing.  The orange juice tasted like it was fresh squeezed.  I love that you can order a single pancake (which is plenty large).  Also love that for $2 you can upgrade to real maple syrup, which arrives at the table in an adorable individual bottle.  The bacon was very lean, perfectly cooked and completely delicious.  The service was friendly and efficient.  I can't wait to go back!Always one of my favorite brunch and dinner places! Desserts are awesome too. Make sure to be there crack ass of dawn on the weekends.This was our first time at this location. We were loyal customers at the nolib location and had been meaning to check this one out and today just happened to be the day. There was no waiting for a table at 2:30 on a Sunday. The menu has all our favorite comfort foods so it's always hard to choose. My daughter ordered the brisket sandwich which just tasted amazing but also quite messy. My son and my husband both ordered the bagels and smoked fish. Just as good as the best Jewish deli bagel sandwich! Very satisfying! Service was great. Everything was so fresh and great atmosphere. Just wish we didn't have to make sure we had enough cash cause they don't take credit.Best veggie sausage I've ever had. Brunch entrees and specials very good. The food did not come out hot is the only complaint.It was the most personable, friendly service I may have ever had. Great food, low-key environment.Amazing breakfast food. Simple, yes, but really really tasty. The servers are always super nice and willing to accommodate any changes you might want to make. It's a great place, it just feels good to come here.My very first time at Honey's Sit N Eat and I loved my experience-the atmosphere is kinda like a good ol home style breakfast in someone's home. You can even BYOB if you feel like popping a bottle of bubbly to share with ur friends over brunch. 
I got the 3 egg omelet with veggie sausage, onion, and pepper jack cheese which was scrumptious and filling on its own-but my favorite part is that they let you choose what kinda bread u want with it-biscuit, toast, or English muffin!! homemade biscuit?YES PLEASE. It was absolutely delicious with a hint of honey to make it a perfect pairing with the eggs and home fries. 
The service was amazing, friendly server checking in frequently and making sure we were well taken care of. Can't wait to make another visit here soon!I was lucky to find a close parking spot at Honey's Sit 'N Eat on a Saturday around noon.  The wait was long, but at least we were able to get water and a cup of coffee while we waited.  Someone said the place looks like a Cracker Barrel, and it does!  But that's okay, because I love Cracker Barrel.
We had a seat at the counter since that was the first thing that opened up.  I was craving pancakes and my bf got the Toad in the Hole.  The Toad in the Hole was awesome but my bf was starving and ate it pretty quickly.  The pancakes and scrambled eggs were plentiful.  I was super excited for the latkes, but they were overcooked and difficult to eat.  Also, the OJ comes in a teeny tiny glass which I did my best to sip slowly.
All in all, this place is worth the wait and for the most part reasonably priced.  Just make sure you have cash so you can avoid the ATM fees!Great casual breakfast food! I tried the cardamom orange and rhubarb pancake special- delicious! The portions are huge and the staff are incredibly friendly. Only comment is that they take a little long with the service, but the food is worth the wait. The coffee is La Colombe and there are free refills. If you want a to go cup, they also do that. Overall, great food and highly recommend!Excellent brunch menu - bonus points for serving all week and all day. Sometimes long waits for traditional weekend brunch - but if you go later (after 2pm) gets a lot better. The food is slamming. I haven't had anything I didn't love - pancake bomb, latke, omeletes - delicious. I didn't give 5 stars because the service can be spotty - I've had some jerky servers at times and I'm a fairly easy customer so it's really not called for at all. If you're in service (been there), I think you should generally be friendly and not borderline rude.My husband and I visited two days in a row while looking for a place to live recently.  First visit was 5 stars.  They even have gluten free bread!!  The second visit - the hostess was pissed when she attempted to sit us at one table, but when I asked to sit by the wall she copped an attitude and was very dismissive.
Service was quick and unassuming despite her attitude.  Upon the exit of customers she told them all to have a great day.  While we were leaving she said nothing and stared at us while we waited inside for our uber.  The food was banging though.Great spot.  I always went to the original location, but I found this south street version to be sunnier and a bit lighter in general.  The food is the same great quality though.The other half loves it here and so do I :) We prefer to sit at the counter and chat with John. Such a super friendly guy, we never feel rushed, keeps the coffee filled, and always makes the best recommendations - the apple fritter was delish!  We've had other servers and the service was not the best, some even come across rude.  The menu is always interesting, lots of good menu standards and specials. Some meals are larger than others, but overall you do not leave hungry. It's a solid place and worth a visit!We've been here a couple times now and have not been disappointed. We went this last time with my in-laws. My father-in-law got the reuben. That's a sandwich that could easily have been shared between 2. Good food and big portions here. Lemonade is fresh and delicious. Will be going back to continue trying out the menu.
FYI - cash only. Fortunately there's an ATM inside the restaurant.I love the Honey's Sit 'N Eat in Northern Liberties, but it's not walkable from where I live, so I was excited when a location opened on 21st and South Street. Disappointingly it took me way too long to go, but today was the day!
Like other reviewers, I would say I like the space of the Northern Liberties location better: homier vibe; however, the South Street location seems more open, airier, and a little larger?
Again, no reservations (and no credit cards!); however, we arrived ~12:20PM on a Saturday with three and only had a 25-35 minute wait (and of course parties of two are seated more quickly).
Great food with the favorites from our table being Hush Puppies (as good as those eaten in Tennessee!), a made-to-order omelet, and a Toad-in-a-Hole.
The service was prompt as well; there was one hostess who was a little snippy to the waiting crowd in general, but our server was lovely.Food OK. Service Very Good. Prices Terrific. Good value for money. -- HotspurYou must try their special menu!
Been at Honey's a few times for their breakfast and this time I decided to try for lunch! My bf ordered one of their daily lunch specials - eggs benedict with chipotle chicken and pancakes (instead of English muffin). It was super yummy - moist, savory, and surprisingly not too heavy. I ordered off their regular menu - Bubby's brisket sandwich, which came with sauteed spinach on a brioche bun. The spinach and gravy were quite good, but the meat came out slightly dry and the portion of slaw they provided was less of a side and more of a garnish. 
I actually prefer their breakfast menu - there are more options, and their biscuits and housemade jams are always spectacular!Have been here a few times over the years and they never fail to have a delicious brunch. I went with a friend of mine just to catch up and sat at the bar. Service was fantastic even though it was packed. Food was delicious and I will continue to be back every now and then when the mood strikes. Note: they are cash only!!Just moved here. Chill spot with reasonable prices for good portion sizes! It's BYOB so pick up your champagne before arriving and order some of their fresh squeezed OJ. 
I ordered the breakfast bomb with chorizo and home fries. YUM! Service was quick and all staff was super friendly. Will go back.Honeys has never failed to let me down. I have been to this establishment multiple times, and I have never tried a dish I didn't like. Their breakfast is divine and is served round the clock. The waitstaff is always friendly and welcoming, and gives great recommendations of what to try off the menu. Though the wait for weekend brunch can get long, it is always worth your time. 
I have tried the breakfast bomb, mac and cheese pancake, monte cristo, and enfrijoladas and would eat any of them again. The fried chocolate chip cookie was also decadent. Portion sizes are reasonable but not too huge, and prices are reasonable.At long last! Honey's South arrived to the welcoming arms of Southwest Rittenhouse.  Current hours are 7am-5pm.  Dinner hours soon to come.
Southern comfort meets Jewish diner meets Philly BYO charm.  Same delicious brunch munchies in a surprisingly bright interior with ample space for diners.  The added space serves to benefit long-elbowed eaters and reduce wait time.
Flavorful and aesthetic Mexi specials are sure to please spice lovers.  The vegetable latkes are a treat for the palate, hosting a crisp oily exterior and savory potato mash inside.  Get there early on a weekday to enjoy the wallet-friendly breakfast special.
Leave satisfied then spend the rest of your morning enjoying the adorable side streets (Panama, Waverly, Naudain) and sites of Fitler Square.Had a great experience for breakfast with a group of friends here. The place was fairly crowded but we were accommodated with no problem. The service was fantastic and the server offered us his suggestions and advice on dishes which were really good. We took advantage of the BYOB and brought champagne and orders a pitcher of orange juice which was fresh squeezed and delicious. The prices were affordable and the portions were large. I had the Honey's Platter which had 3 pancakes, choice of meat and potato. Very big portions and great food! We all split the special of the day which was a Mac and cheese stuffed pancake. It sounds weird, but it was amazing and I highly recommend it! We all wish we had ordered more of them. Several people ordered the huevos rancheros and said it was good. We will definitely be coming back here in the future!Honey's is always, always good. This was probably my 5th or 6th time here- always for breakfast, but I've heard dinner is good too. We went around 9:30 on a Saturday and they got us in pretty quickly, there wasn't really a wait. However, they do ask that your whole party is there before seating, so make sure your friends actually show up at the time you all decide! That has been annoying in the past. It is also CASH ONLY so stress that to friends as well. They do have an ATM but with a surcharge. The first time I went, I had the Honey Cristo and until this most recent visit, I had never ordered anything else, it is that good! It is huge though so I always ended up taking some of it home. I strayed from the familiar path this time to get the benedict, and again I was not disappointed! One of my favorite benedicts I have ever gotten, and the perfect amount of food. In the past, on the specials menu they have had a chipotle chicken and waffles benedict and should that ever be on the menu again when I go, I will definitely be ordering that instead. Another friend ordered it one time and I had tasted it. AMAZING. So definitely look at the specials. Honey's does get crowded doesn't take reservations so definitely get there early or be willing to wait. It is completely worth it!Went for breakfast, toast wasn't toasted, they talked me into some sort of potato pancake instead of home fries, dry and tasteless, sausage was the kind you would have on a Wawa breakfast sandwich. Really?   Staff was friendly, but I won't go back.The food at Honey's on South is about on par with their original location in NoLibs, but the bigger and brighter environment makes this our go-to whenever we're feeling lazy and brunchy. As expected, there's still a significant wait for tables on the weekend, but they seem to be far better equipped in dealing with the crowd here.
As a fan of savoury breakfasts, the delicious Enfrijoladas seems to be the inevitable selection, though Huevos Rancheros and the Eggs Benedict are comparable choices. And who can turn down Honey's latkes? (I'm a bit miffed by the additional cost for sour cream, but meh.) If you prefer the sweet stuff, the Challah French Toast is full of win, and I'll freely admit to stealing bites from my partner's plate.
Overall, the food is fantastic and the service is friendly and relaxed enough to make a good brunch experience. Great addition to the neighbourhood, and definitely a nice starting point to a lazy weekend.I feel like this place is very overrated for breakfast/brunch. The food is good, but it's not out of this world. It's definitely better than Sabrina's but nowhere near as good as Green Eggs. Some of the menu items are very strange, while others are absolutely delicious.Great food here! The line to get in is SO LONG but it's definitely worth it. It sucks that it's cash only, but the eggs are cooked well and the ambiance of the restaurant makes it an awesome place to catch up with friends. I'm leaving this review short because I think this restaurant speaks for itself. If you're having a chill weekend and willing to enjoy some great food, this is a great place for you!I've only eaten here twice, and I was satisfied both times. The first time I got one of the specials that was an egg white veggie omelette with a side of grits.  It was really good.
The second time I got huevos rancheros, which were amazing! The only issue I had was the server upselling me be asking if I wanted guac and not informing me that it was $4 extra! I didn't see that on the menu so when I got the check and saw the guac was $4 I was a little upset.  it was still amazing, but I wouldn't spend $15 dollars on that again.I was waffling between 2-3 stars for this place, and ultimately settled on 2 because of the quality of the food. It wasn't terrible, just very bland, and not a lot of creativity. My boyfriend and I woke up late (as per usual on a Sunday) and decided to try Honey's based on the rave reviews we've seen and heard from mutual friends. We arrive at just after 2, and it's fairly busy, but not packed. The hostess was nice enough and took down my bf's name, telling us it would be a 20-minute wait. We were seated within 15 minutes. So far, so good.
The hostess had given us menus to peruse prior to seating us, so we already knew what we wanted to order as soon as we sat down. I ordered grapefruit juice while my bf ordered coffee. The juice was excellent--very tart and lots of pulp, which I like. Our server (forgot his name) was also very friendly, and quickly took our orders. I asked for their Sunday special (shrimp and grits with cheddar cheese) and my bf ordered the pastrami sandwich with a side of hush puppies.  And we waited. And waited. And waited....
About 40 minutes went by before a very confused female server drifted over to our table, followed closely by our actual server, who looked annoyed and had to point out to her that yes, the plates she was carrying contained our food. She didn't even know what type of food she was holding. Um, how hard is it to identify a pastrami sandwich? Or grits, for that matter? Whatever, we were hungry and just wanted to eat at that point.
My shrimp and grits were a bit runny, and the cheddar cheese sauce (?) was gummy and felt like melted rubber in my mouth. I can tell you right now, I've had much better grits at Valanni's and Rex 1516. My boyfriend liked the toasted bread of his sandwich, but he felt as though the pastrami was sub-par and tasted like it was bargain-basement processed meat. Also, the group seated to our left had some issues with their orders (their server screwed up two plates) and they ended up leaving about five minutes before we did, even though they were seated well before we were. I felt sorry for them. 
I managed to finish my meal, but my bf could not, and we ended up tipping our server generously because we figured it wasn't his fault that the food was mediocre. I am willing to give this place another shot, but I think we'll both stick to breakfast-related items only.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention: the hush puppies looked extremely appetizing, but they were dry and overcooked. My bf had to apply copious amounts of ketchup to them to wash them down.South street location is bigger than the Northern Liberties location.  My brother and I decided to have brunch there on a Saturday.  It was a busy morning, but the wait was 10-15 mins for our table.  
I had the country fried steak with biscuits, kaleak, it was delicious. My brother ordered pancakes, potatoes, eggs, and bacon.  The bacon was thick and meaty.  
We would definitely visit again.I'm going to keep this review short and to the point.
Honey's is some of the best breakfast food I've ever had. They also offer really interesting Mexican infused dishes. I'm not from Philly but I always eat here at least once when I visit. 
The coffee is also always great (they serve La Colombe). I always leave Honey's feeling full and happy. I love the staff there too. Great and attentive group of peopleCame here for a very early breakfast on a weekday so of course I had to get the Bargain Breakfast, which is only served on weekdays before 9am (at least I'm pretty sure).  $4 for two eggs, toast, coffee and your choice of latka, home fries or grits.  The latka, which my boyfriend got, is quite unique, looks like a big, triangle hunk of fried.  But it's really quite tasty, rather sweet and tender inside and very crispy on the outside.  The home fries were good too.  I'm very curious about the grits.  And bottomless La Colombe coffee?  What a ridiculous deal.
The rest of the menu looks really interesting too, I'd love to come back but the wait....  I don't know if it's really worth it.  This location opened not too long ago, so maybe at some point the weekend brunch crowd will die down a bit.  I wouldn't bet on it though.I'm in love with French toast, I'm in love with the French toast. OT Genasis vc. Some of y'all know what I'm talking about. Lmao
I can eat their french toast without syrup it's that good. Great breakfast spot, outdoor seating, but very long lines if you go at the wrong time. It's well worth the wait. The downside? They don't take credit cards. If you read my other reviews you know I have a issue with places that only take cash. Am I the only person that this bothers? It's so convenient to just use your credit/debit cardWe've been trying to get here during a trip home since it opened...it was worth the wait and could be in the top 10 reasons to move back to Philadelphia.  We went early before the wait, and were lucky enough to be seated right away. My daughter ordered an omelette, my husband the chicken fried steak, my son pancakes stuffed with berries, and I ordered the challah French toast.  I am picky and I am the breakfast cook in the house. This food was so good you could cry. 
The omelette was beautiful, delish and served with one of the best potato latkes I have ever had out.  The breading on the chicken fried steak was crispy, light and not greasy and overall the steak was devine paired with the gravy perfectly cooked over easy eggs and a very unique cornbread like biscuit. The Challah French toast was sweet on its own, and made just magical with syrup...not too mushy or too dry. The pancakes were chocked full of berries and were so good we took the leftovers. 
I usually leave breakfast out thankful I don't have to do dishes, but thinking I should have just made it myself. We need a Honey's in Northern VA!!!delish classic brunch food. gotta try the latkas they were incredible.Had a great brunch experience here! Tasty, hearty food and friendly service. Our group tried the Honey Cristo (perfect if you can never decide between a savory or sweet entree for brunch, as it has hearty ham and cheese sandwiched between slightly sweet french toast), the churrasco steak (a special), and the huevos rancheros with homemade chorizo. Everything was delicious and came in generous but not impossible-to-finish portions. Our plates were all eaten clean by the end of the meal, and we even indulged in dessert afterward, a chocolate chip cookie covered in pancake batter and deep-fried, served with ice cream.I love honeys! They have a great low-key environment, really nice staff and consistently delicious food. There is usually a wait but I always find it to be worth it and the quote times are pretty accurate. I suggest the toad in hole or one of their specials. Byob is a great option, and there is a liquor store down the street, so we always bring champagne and mix it with their fresh squeezed orange juice!i don't get all the buzz about this place. I've been a couple of times, and those times were enough to lead me to the conclusion that there are far better brunch places in philly. I've found the food to not be very memorable, and it's usually served lukewarm. during busy brunch hours, there is a long wait, and for the resulting meal, it's just not worth it.Simple food, made well, attentive staff, reasonably priced. What else would you want? Oh yeah, brunch till 10 pm. This is the only place I've found in Philly that serves eggs Benedict all day.In October of 2008, the New York Times Magazine posted a recipe for Mac & Cheese pancakes. By November 2008, I had finally found someone else who wanted to make this recipe with me. We whipped up a batch, they were delicious, and I may have forgotten about these pancakes since then, except in my subconscious dream state.
Welp, it's April 2013, and Honey's has one-upped me, not only on the M&C Pancake front, but on the hip clientele and the latke game, which was spot-on. After convincing a buddy to play hooky and enjoy mid-week brunch with me, we managed to just barely miss the 9am Bargain Breakfast. Luckily, we weren't bargain hunting. I think we were carbo-hunting. Mazel Tov, we found the mother load!
Though I haven't ventured to the original location, I'm virtually neighbors with this new one, so I ran over ready to stuff my face (hence the run. evens out.) We were immediately seated (compared to this other time I tried to go on a weekend, and scampered off at the sound of a 1.5 hour wait). We chose the bar because we love sitting on stools and being near the kitchen. 
I'd been pining for the M&CPs since I'd heard of them, so that was obviously the initial item ordered. We also decided to go HAM and grab some eggs for each of us. $5.50 for 2 eggs, one side, and a toast of your choice is a solid deal, IMHO, and the portions were just what I wanted. The M&CP, that was a different creature entirely. 
Two enormous pancakes, they cook the macaroni and cheese beforehand and THEN place the pasta in the pancake before flipping, resulting in this INCREDIBLE cheesy crust on some bites. When I took my first bite, my dining partner commented on my facial response which, according to her, was not unlike what she imagined pure bliss resembled. Well, consider that one of the highest compliments I can bestow, Honey's, because that platter was dank. Sweet, savory, fluffy, my only complaint was that the mac and cheese was centrally located in the pancake, and the radial distribution of pasta and cheese was sad and made us want to ditch the outer bits of pancake. We didn't, but I considered it.
I don't know how often I'd frequent this spot on the weekend, I get a little too hangry (hungry+angry) when forced to wait for breakfast. However, anyone who decides to skip work for the day, lemme know, you've got a Honey's date down the street.It was a cute restaurant with a farm inspired environment. The staff was friendly and attentive. The food was mediocre.This place is AMAZING. I went here with a large group of friends on a weekday and we were quickly shown to a table. This restaurant is BYOB so we brought some
champagne and split a pitcher of fresh squeezed orange juice to make mimosas. They have a machine that makes the juice right in the restaurant. 
Our waiter was friendly and very helpful. He made sure we all had coffee and water as soon as we sat down and helped open all of our champagne bottles. 
He suggested one of the specials which was a mac and cheese pancake with a gold fish cracker crumble on top. Being curious and also a little taken back by the combination we decided to order one and split it. It was the size of a large plate so we all got a good size sample. This is one of the greatest things I've ever had and I'm not sure I will ever eat a normal pancake the same again!! The Mac and cheese was mixed into the pancake batter and was such an interesting and delicious combination. It was served with a side of syrup but I liked it better without.
For my main meal, I had the honey's platter which was 3 pancakes, 2 eggs and your choice of meat and potato. I had the bacon which was really crispy and the breakfast potatoes. This entire meal was a huge portion and every aspect of it was super tasty! 
This place has delicious food and friendly, attentive service. The atmosphere is lively and the prices are great for the portion sizes. Just remember that it's cash only!!We stopped here on a weekend trip from out of town. It was a fairly long wait for brunch, but I thought it was well worth it. We shared the veggie fried steak and it was delicious! We will definitely be stopping here again the next time we are in the area.I went with a party of 5..the place was packed but we were seated right away. Staff seemed friendly, could have been more attentive. I ordered chicken tacos, they were good. My nieces had the pancakes stuffed with eggs and the other ordered a quesadilla everyone enjoyed their meals.no complaints on flavor or cleanliness..i would def go again!My boyfriend and I ordered the pulled chicken soft taco and honey cristo. Well we wanted the fish taco but they ran out tilapia so we ended up with the chicken taco, which actually turned out really good. We enjoyed the southern style chicken a lot, with the Tabasco all together was just amazing. The honey Cristo was a nice combination platter with ham cheese and sunny sided egg not on a traditional boring bread roll. The presentation was special, but the taste wasn't that amazing. I liked it but I won't order it on my next visit (yes, I will be back) just because it wasn't special enough to keep my vote and I would love to try other items. We also ordered a side of fried onion ring which was ok.My boyfriend and i come to this restaurant fairly frequently. We've always had good food and good service. It's new years day, and i understand that we will be waiting. I work in the restaurant industry so I am extremely understanding when it comes to things you can't control. We were quoted a 45 minute wait for a party of four people, and waited for 2 hours! So i get it, things happen. But what upset us the most was our server. No smile. Didnt even greet us. It was "coffee or no coffee" with a stern voice. Didnt even ask us if we wanted anything else to drink since 2 members of our party didnt want coffee. When she was ready to take our order, my boyfriend asked for a coke before ordering his food, and she was like "i cant hear you" with an attitude. Moreover, our food came out super quick and the biscuits and gravy was cold on top of the terrible service that we waited 2 hours for. Its extremely frustrating for the quality of service and food vs. The time we spent waiting to eat. The girl seemed annoyed that she got sat with other tables after us. She had short brown hair, in a bun, with tattoos on her arms. We did not get a chance to get her name per reciept. We felt rushed out. Being in the restaurant industry all of my life, i know how to work for my tip. Its sad when people just expect good tip for poor service just because its a busy-popular place.My friends and I (a group of 3) arrived around 1:30pm last Sunday. We went inside and it was packed! There was a line just to talk to the hostess. Anyway when we finally got to her she just asked how many and my name. I told her, but I also asked for an estimation on how long the wait would be. I was given a slight eye roll and told it depends but we would be seated as soon as possible. We went outside to wait because it was so crowded inside. I went in again around at 2pm to ask how much longer the wait would be. Again I was told she can't give me an estimate, but I was next on the list. All of that to say, we weren't called to seated until 2:20pm. The only seats available were outside . 
As soon as we were seated the waitress didn't hesitate to ask us if we were ready to order. Of course our answer was no since it was our first time there, but we just asked for our drinks. We put in our orders around 2:30pm and received our food around 2:55pm. I would like to add that, I originally ordered the country friend steak, but after she put in our order she came out shortly after to say they ran out of steak. How annoying... anyway I ended up getting the basic honey's platter - pancakes, eggs and your choice of meat and bread. I thought the food was very basic. Nothing special that popped to me. And I also got grits. They lacked flavor and were very, very watery. Also, the drink menu is kind of limited. I asked for a ginger ale, but they offered me the alternative of sprite. FYI, soda is not refillable because it's in a can. I gave Honey's Sit N Eat a 3 star review because we essentially waited for an hour and a half for very basic food. In my opinion the food wasn't worth the wait. I definitely wouldn't go here again on a weekend.Mmm second time's the charm, gave honeys sit and eat another chance and while the wait this time around was lonnnnnnnggg, the food did it justice. I ordered the honey cristo and freshly squeeze oj, and my partner ordered the three egg omelet and a side of bacon. It was delish. Outside of great food, we had a kind and peppy server who seemed to validate every food choice we made. Will be back. Also, it's BYO and cash only.My family came here for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Our group of six was seated quickly and our server was kind and came back often to ask what we needed. The food we ordered was tasty and had a unique southern Jewish flare (like the latkes with home-made apple sauce). 
I had the chicken fingers, which were delectable and not ground up in the slightest! Others had pancakes with berries or chocolate chips. The Reuben sandwich was enough for two days' worth of food. 
Overall the experience was great for a late afternoon meal.Love this place! Their food is the bomb!!! Love the cozy layout looking onto south street a well. Not only do they do great breakfast food their Reuben, Tuna melt and Chicken fingers are delightful also!Great place to get some breakfast! I'm on vacation out here and my girlfriend and I were looking for a place to eat some breakfast, and this place seemed interesting. The place gets busy, so come as early as you can. 
I got the omelette, with three different toppings. I got the bacon, sausage, and ham. Yeah, it was one of those mornings where you just want a good hardy breakfast, and boy, these guys delivered. The omelette was great, and the cook on the meat was delicious. If that isn't good enough, make sure you get the latke as your potatoe choice, absolutely delicious!
BE AWARE OF ONE MAIN THING: THEY'RE CASH ONLY.
So you better make sure you brought a $20 bill!
I would give this a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the wait time, which is understandable because of how busy they get, but getting a coffee refill shouldn't be this tough. Other than that tiny knit picking, great place, nice people, awesome food!Finally after walking by this blank space on the corner on my way to to the gym, I realized it was a Honey's Sit 'N Eat.  I heard rumors one was coming to South Street, but honestly didn't know where.
I've never been to the original, so when this one opened up, my boyfriend and I decided to stop by and check it out.  Of course it was crowded on a Saturday morning, so we put our names in for the 25-30 minute wait. ....2 minutes later, a table was open.  Perfect!  I got a made-to-order omelet with brisket, tomatoes, and caramelized onions; he got the honey cristo.  Both meals were really good, with my homefries being the best thing on my plate.  (Not sure what kind of seasoning is in there, but it's awesome!)  I'm not a fan of monte cristos so I don't have anything to say about that, but my boyfriend cleaned his plate.  I do like the idea of the eggs on top - a really hearty breakfast!  (If I ate that much, I'd been asleep 10 minutes later.)
We had to wait longer than I expected for the food and our waitress was a bit scatterbrained, but I'm sure that's because they're still working out all the kinks with the new location.  I'd like to go back to try out dinner sometime (when it's available at this location - right now the hours are 7am to 5pm), especially since the restaurant is BYOB.
Note:  I walked by this place on a Sunday and the line was out the door and starting to go down the block.  If you've ever seen the Portlandia brunch episode, it was kind of like that haha!Torn on this place. As a gluten free lady, they're not super informed, and most delicious-looking things are off-limits...although all the off-limits things did look delicious. Unless you're able to get the breakfast specials that come with toast or pancakes etc, you end up paying a lot of money for very little food. Two sunny side up eggs, a teeny dish of apple sauce, and the 'daily special' of 5 spears of asparagus was almost $13 somehow. 
The actual space is nice, and if you're looking for a good drop-in spot to have breakfast and catch up with someone, it's quiet and they don't rush you out.Delicious, fresh food served by lovely staff. And as an added bonus, the portions are a normal size (and not the usual way too big, American style).My boyfriend and I came for brunch one rainy morning. We luckily walked in and got seated right away because we were only a party of 2. The space is much brighter and cozier for brunch when the place is filled with people. I love all the little knick knacks.
Everything was delicious. Great La Colombe coffee to start. I had the 2 egg breakfast with a banana pancake and my boyfriend had the Honey's Platter. Honey's is a brunch staple...I'm sure we'll be back many more times. Great addition to Rittenhouse.
Cash only!love this place - great food, quick breakfast turnaround, helpful staff.  weekday special is great if you get there in time.Slooooooow service.
While my huevos rancheros was just as mind-blowingly good as it was at the original NoLibs location, the service was not. A mid-week lunch for three took an hour and fifteen minutes- most of that time was spent waiting for food, refills, and the check. I had ordered a bowl of soup to-go when I ordered my lunch, but the waitress forgot. Not a big deal, but then I had to wait ten minutes (?!) for it after we paid. Were you hand-making the matzah ball yourself, lady?there is a wait for sunday brunch, which is not a surprise. 
for a party of twi, it was about 45 min - an hr. the area is cute to wander through if you do need to wait long.
food was really satisfying. i had the honey cristo. challah bread!
service was friendly and quick. yay!Went yesterday. After waiting about half an hour for seating for 2 we got seated at the counter. Didn't mind the wait-- we expected as much in the city for a popular place that doesn't take reservations.
My partner ordered an egg, bacon, and cheese sandwich. I got sausage gravy and biscuits with ham and applesauce on the side. Our orders came out fairly quickly and the staff did a really good job keeping our coffees and waters filled, but that was pretty much where the pluses ended.
My partner's sandwich was just okay-- not really worth the price. The potatoes that came with it weren't even seasoned (not salt or pepper on them) and were a bit cold. Was somewhat alarmed when ordering to find out that the eggs for the sandwich apparently come pre-scrambled so you aren't able to get them other ways???
My sausage gravy and biscuits, however, were inedible. As a Texan who has lived here for almost a decade I don't expect southern dishes in the north east to necessarily be the best, but this was just bizarre. They essentially used two rectangle pancakes in place of actual biscuits which made it really really sweet and then it seemed like they added sugar (but no salt or pepper once again!) to the gravy (which just tasted like raw, sugary, milky flour). The whole thing was disgusting and the sausage was cold and cut into chunks instead of fried. I've never seen sausage gravy and biscuits done like this and hope I never will again. Additionally, my ham was chewy and dry and the apple sauce was syrupy and overly sweet (more like something you would give to pre schoolers in little plastic containers). I tried to push through it but tapped out after a couple of bites. We also ordered one pancake to split and that was good, but otherwise this place was a complete waste of time and money.This place is outstanding. The wait is DEFINITELY worth it. When I went with three of my friends, we all shared the take 5 pancakes, pancakes cooked with pretzels and different kinds of candy. Apparently it was new to the menu. I certainly hope it stays! 
For our mains we all had some form of egg with either vegetable latkes, biscuits, or home fries. The entire menu looked outstanding, which made choosing an entree a very difficult decision. The next time I return I'm going to try their lunch menu, which also looked fabulous! 
The service was also great. After waiting for a table for so long, its nice to know that you will be taken care of by awesome and extremely competent servers.
Just fyi, its byo. A bunch of people brought champagne and made their own mimosas. I will definitely be doing that the next time around.
Also, its cash only!Only 3 stars cause they rush you and give you one slice of toast with 2 eggs? The home fries are decent  but needs more salt.The menu seems the same as the original location, though I think the prices have gone up a bit. The decor is warm and interesting. The service was fantastic.My hubby and I went here for brunch on Memorial Day and had a great meal. Although we ordered a traditional breakfast, there were some very interesting items on the daily specials menu. I had a three-egg omelette, which came with delicious potatoes, pepper and onions, and your choice of toast, homemade biscuit or corn muffin. All for a very reasonable $11. For $6, hubby had 2 eggs, the same potatoes and choice of bread. Endless coffee was $2.25. Service was fine but I had a problem with the noise level. There was a large group of people celebrating something, who were the loudest people I've heard in a while, so much so, it was difficult to hear what our waitress was saying. It would have been nice had someone asked them to tone it down a bit.  I got a real kick out of the furniture and decor. It reminded me of being in the 1950s. All in all, we had a great time.I went here with my cousin and her husband a couple days ago because they like these kind of places.  I ordered chicken fingers and it came with coleslaw and fries.  I asked the waitress if I could substitute my slaw for a side salad and she said it would be a dollar extra.  So when I got my food I had a salad and slaw but I didn't want slaw I wanted fries.  I asked another waitress to take the slaw back because I wanted my fries and she looked at me like I was crazy for asking.  So then my waitress comes over and argued with me about misunderstanding of substituting salad for slaw.  She didn't even apologize.  I had to ask three times for my fries and when I finally got them they were hecka greasy and tasted more like a hash brown than a fry.  Later on I found out that my cousin husband said they charged four dollars for the nasty fries when they were supposed to be part of my meal sides.  My honey mustard was amazing and great with chicken fingers that's why I give it two stars.  The people there are not very friendly!Pumpkin french toast = heaven
Honey chicken tenders = the bomb
Bacon = died and went to heaven
Homemade Peach preserves = died, went to heaven,  came back to life to eat more peach preserves and then died and went to heaven againThey have a really good choice for a smaller cafe/kitchen.  The breakfast we had was biscuit, sausage, gravy with over hard egg and scrambled eggs with corn beef and corn bread biscuits.  The star was the corn biscuits!!  The pricing is higher than the quality.  The service was amazing, they were very attentive to us from the time we sat and paid the bill.So Honey's is quite a complicated piece of work haha. Sorry, I just don't know how else to describe it. So walking in, you will feel like you are thrown into a 1920s version of a Home Depot or Lowe's combined with a restaurant. The decor is certainly what I would call quirky and different. They have a giant sewing machine (I think that's what it is, but I am not sure) right behind the hostess stand, which I just never understood. Also, if you sit at the counter, the seats don't move, it's annoying. 
Anyway, the food. The food really is phenomenal there. I have tried a good part of their brunch menu and I think the Huevos Rancheros are my favorite. You really can't go wrong with anything there.My friend and I went here for breakfast and we were seated immediately at the diner counter despite there being a ton of people. I ordered the brisket desyauno, and it was pretty good. A fork full of potato, brisket egg, and salsa verde was delicious. It wasn't spicy, so I added some cholulas aka my favorite hot sauce. Unlimited hot coffee for $2.75 is  another great perk in top of the fast service (we got our food in about 10 minutes despite a full house). I had a good amount of food for the price $11 which is what most things are priced around or less. My friend had potato latkes and Tiny Elvis French toast (warning that portion looked kinda small. Nice and clean with a classic diner atmosphere and great service.Went there for a late brunch on Sunday and only waited about 10 minutes. They did have to wait until our whole party was there. Seated in community style dining. The food was absolutely amazing! I ordered the honey's platter. Super vegetarian friendly. Will be back!Do not get the steak and eggs. Rubbery steak that wasn't very edible . No flavor. Yuck. The grits had a big chunk of uncooked grits in it. No apology or offer to take anything off the check. It's definitely hit or miss. If it is a miss, they should do something to rectify the situation.Place was easy to find and not so crowded on a Saturday morning. I order the ball of pancake with chorizo which was really disappointed I think it was my fault for ordering chorizo instead of bacon, also it was not a ball (I was excited about the actual form of it). My husband order the egg sandwich on a brioche bun= DELICIOUS!! Overall was an Ok experienced. I'm giving 4 base on the ambience, staff and attention to detail. Not sure if I will give the place another chance if I go to back to Philly.I ordered a special salad, with beets and bing cherries. Half of the greens were chard (okay) and the other half was hay (i think).  As a result a full half of the greens in this rather small dish was inedible. If an ingredient in a dish is not capable of being chewed through, I don't care which Nordic foraging trend you are following -- stop it.  The so called lakes were burned beyond recognition.   And there was a line to get seated. Amazing. Not going back.I was really disappointed in my lunch at this place after hearing so many people rave about the other location, though might give it another try for breakfast.  After a VERY long wait when the restaurant only had a few tables occupied, I had the reuben and my husband had the patty melt.  Those were just "ok." We shared what may have been the worst onion rings we've ever had.  And neither of us felt that great afterwards.  I'm hoping that they are still working out the kinks since this place is relatively new because would love to have a reasonably priced, casual joint like this in the neighborhood.Really good, AMAZING, fresh yummy food. If you want to skip the crowds come here for early dinner say around 4/5pm on a Saturday, most of the breakfast and brunch specials are usually still available. I came here with a baby and stroller around this time and found a mostly empty restaurant, no wait time and a few other families with small children. The service is friendly and promot. Loses a star for being cash only.The first time I came to this location the food was great and the service was just blah, but that was ok cause the food was great. 
The second time I came back I found hair in my food  and and actual meat in my food on the Seitan Ruben sandwich! Very disappointing! I love the Northern Liberties location all the staff are friendly and the food I believe is better in Northern Liberties than at 20th and south street. Which is disappointing since I am a lot closer to the South street location. 
I love this restaurant but please get it together at 20th and south street! Poor service, almost cold food, and meat in my sandwich is unacceptable.For all the great reviews, this joint was disappointing - from the lack of diversity in the choices they offer, to misleading names on the menu (since when does 'sandwich' mean 'burger'?), to the acceptance of cash only (so you have to use the ATM in the corner, which they take fees from), and no wifi (what century are we in?), it was one let down after another.
I even went a second time to give it a chance, and had the same experience: the food was ok, but didn't make up for the poor management choices. I won't be going back.Great breakfast spot. My Huevos Rancheros were awesome, and my hubby's biscuit with sausage gravy and home fries really satisfied him as well. Great La Colombe coffee to go along with and it's just a really fine meal. Prompt service and nice homey place. A big winner.Best breakfast we had in Philly. Seriously adorable place with old hardware store decor. The biscuits were some of the best I've ever had and the Mac and cheese will keep me dreaming about coming back.Grabbed the Enfrijoladas and a slice of carrot cake Take-Out style last night for a lazy couch dinner after the gym. Heaven.
The Enfrijoladas are really, really good. Now, this is coming from a New Mexican who is pretty picky about these things. The refried beans are to die for. The only thing lacking was heat, but that was nothing a healthy squeeze of Sriracha couldn't fix.I'm updating my review to a full five stars after yet another mouthwatering breakfast this weekend. The Latke Benedict set us over the top!wow!!! This place was amazing, the homestyle cooking, friendly atmosphere, and great service all made my first visit to Honey's definitely not my last. I'm on the hunt for the best breakfast/brunch spot and this might be the winner!The food is tasty, the atmosphere fun and the service is often above average.  I've been here a number of times for lunch and have even braved the lines for brunch a few times.  I will definitely go back for their Huevos Rancheros.Breakfasts are always good and often creative in a down home way. Dinner has been secondary most of the time. The chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes shouldn't be missed 
This is a sweet little neighborhood restaurant with attentive but not intrusive waitstaff. Check the chalkboard when you come in for specials of the day. Warning CASH ONLY.My coworkers and I decided to go here one morning on a whim and we were not pleased.  The food was barely warm, the pancakes were so dry that I complained and was credited for them. The food tasted microwaved instead of that home cooked flavor.  I went to the original Honey's a while back and was very satisfied with the food. There is nothing like an original!The best breakfast I've ever had. If you're in the city, come by Honey's for a proper, comforting meal. Delicious coffee, great atmosphere and servers, and literally the fluffiest and tastiest pancakes I've ever had. WORTH THE WAIT if there is a line! Also - they serve breakfast all day!Yum! Great place for brunch. It can get pretty packed, they don't have a large spot, so there may be a wait. The food is delicious tho. The ambiance is very cute. The coffee is amazing and strong! This place is cash only (a pet peeve of mine) They have a little bit of a Jewish influence on the menu, so you can get latkes! The portions are not giant. Which is great to not over eat, but harder to share things around the table. I've really enjoyed eating here the few times I have, but it leaves me waiting to find something better.Good, but not great.  Nice choices of food in a very relaxed atmosphere.I've been here 3 times. The first time I went for breakfast and the food was excellent the wait services were excellent. The decor is very nice and that gets a great star! I decided to try it for dinner (no stars for dinner). Of course it's a lot less crowded for very good reason the dinner menu is really not savory, And that's to say the least. I thought I was eating food out of the can. So I decided to go back again for breakfast. Breakfast is one of those things you can't mess up (and the only thing I wanted to go back for is something I can't find- Their Bacon "meat" is super good). And I should've just stayed home and made it myself which eventually I ended up doing anyway. I went in has to be seated at the bar for one. I saw an available stool however they asked me to wait up to 15 minutes. After 10 minutes of waiting two people left the bar now leaving 3 open seats. I waited again another five minutes before asking are those seats available and they said we need to prepare them. So I waited another 10 minutes and still they hadn't prepared the seats. I ended up leaving. Now I understand it's crowded and they don't need my business, But slowly this is how restaurants lose their clientele one after another until they shut down and hopefully they will learn that lesson and be a little more attentive. I went home and whipped up my own Trader Joe's buttermilk pancakes and decided it's the best way to go in the future so Honey is off the list.This is a place where the reputation precedes it. But what they don't tell you, apparently, is "don't go for lunch." I only found this out after the fact. Too late.
I got the warm, open-faced pastrami Reuben (hold the 'kraut.) Unfortunately, they also held the cheese and the grilled bread, sending out instead a slightly warm giant pile of super-salty rubbery pastrami on barely toasted bread. They also didn't have any yellow mustard. (Hi, if two of the five sandwich offerings include pastrami and corned beef, have yellow mustard on hand.)
I also got the latke as my side (an extra $1.50) and then offered sour cream and applesauce to go with it (another buck-fifty, but they don't tell you that.) It was weird. I can't say it was bad, actually. But it totally wasn't what I'd consider a latke. Not what I grew up with and not even the attempt that most places offer. It was this thick, burnt triangle pad. Again, not bad...but weird. Call it something else; it's not a latke.
My kids had the fried chicken strips and one of them loved it, the other didn't at all, but I tasted it and it was fine. Just a picky kid, I think. The fries were pretty great. Coke was a can, so no refills. And, as mentioned, cash only. It's 2015. Come on. Take a card.
To their credit, when I did let them know the meal wasn't that great (after I had already paid) the manager came over to talk to me and ended up taking the one kids chicken and half my sandwich off, so I definitely appreciated that. It's that -- and only that -- that would encourage me to give it another shot. But for brunch next time. It's a big, fat no thank you to their lunch.Amazing Matzo Ball Soup, Amazing! Great atmosphere and friendly staff! Quick pick up and reasonable prices :)Had a second chance to eat here.  I wasn't crazy about my first visit (Warning!  The Cherry Parfait is made with canned pie filling - not fresh cherries. )The other plates looked great so I came back.  
Now I know what all of the talk is about.  Sandwiches are great.  Portion size is huge.  Plan to take some home.I had to update my review from 3 years ago when they first opened. I have returned several times now and each time I have been more than pleased. The service is excellent, never needing to ask for anything, they almost anticipate your every need and are extremely prompt and professional. 
The music and atmosphere are much more congenial, and gone are the days of servers with attitude staring into their phones.
The food is rock solid, and the specials are amazing - Rueben French Fries - need I say more?
Thanks for listening and keep up the great food and service!Great brunch spot (weekend can be insane so go early or have time to kill waiting--applies to both the Northern Liberties location and the South Street location). Its also great if you want to meet friends before work for breakfast--they have a great special between 7 and 9 where for $5 you can either get pancakes with breakfast meat and coffee or 2 eggs with a latke, home fries or grits and a coffee. The breakfast bomb and toad in a hole are my personal favorites.Honey's is the perfect place for whatever food you're looking for.  They have just about every thing, and it's all fantastic!  Great place for a group with diverse cravings - breakfast, lunch, or dinnerI'm lukewarm on typical American brunch food in general, but this is really just so-so. 
The pancakes are  nothing special. Just kind of one dimensional. I like slightly crispy, buttery edges and a buttermilk-like tangy interior, but these are just sort of fluffy discs.
The eggs are certainly fine and totally predictable. I do appreciate their heavy handedness with the veggies in their omelets as places usually skimp, but I tend to like an omelet less well-done on the exterior. As for the latke, it's more like a triangular hashbrown if that's something that floats your boat.
The one thing that I really do like is the Veggie Patty Melt. It's got a little kick, a satisfying texture, and is nice and melty. 
Other than that, I just can't get excited about their food. It may be good for picky eaters because there certainly is a bit of everything, and I know many people who love it, but I can make better pancakes and eggs at home.
Also, the service has never been super-friendly for us. They've also messed up our order or forgotten something each time we've gone which makes the experience a little more of a hassle than it needs to be.What is it about Sunday brunch and lines out the door for every place in the area?
We managed to snag a seat at the bar before they started seating the bar in order too. The whole wheat berry pancakes were excellent, some of the best I've had. The long wait and cash only is an issue, so every time I want to go and try something else, I end up going to someplace that doesn't have a 45 minute to an hour wait (thought those are few and far between....)For all you Yelpers that are taking down stars due to a long wait...shame on you! I understand that under normal circumstances this is a frustrating and sometimes unforgivable situation to come across with a restaurant, but may I remind you we are talking about Honey's. Just like the original Honey's, it is expected that you have to wait in order to eat delicious food because lets be real, no one really wants to cook an elaborate breakfast while hungover on a Sunday. Just sayin'.
With the wait in mind. Go before you are starving and ermahgerd need to eat pancakes ASAP. Put your name and phone number in and run some errands. Or just make sure that the person you are with is tolerable enough to have a 30-40 min conversation with.
The Service:
Some of best service I have ever had. I can't believe they are able to keep cool heads and keep up with dozens of hungry tables around them. Our server took our order without pen and paper and remembered every last detail of the weird combinations of food we wanted (Party of 4).
Food:
I haven't gotten very adventurous here yet. I go with eggs my way with sides of ham steak, home fries AND the potato latkes because one potato side was not enough. The latkes are unbelievably good and the apple sauce that comes with them is delish. 
I also have tried the new TAKE-5 pancakes. Lovers of the chocolate chip pancake beware...this might be your match. Chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, and full mini pretzels can be found in this stack topped with home made whip cream. The texture of the pretzels didn't throw me off like I thought they would. Instead, I found them exciting to find as I devoured my pancake.
On the table:
Try the homemade blueberry jam on every bready bit you come into contact with. Almost between a jam and a sauce...such a fresh blueberry taste. I couldn't stop eating it
Enjoy! 
Remember the wait and know that in the end it will be greatI've been to this new location of Honey's twice now since it opened and had really good experiences both times, probably even better than when I went to the other location in Northern Liberties. The first time I came for dinner and had the fish tacos. The second time was for brunch and I built my own omelet.  Both times, the food was awesome. Plus, with the low prices at Honey's and being able to bring our own booze, the meals were super affordable. 
The fish in the fish tacos was grilled leaving it a little crispy on the outside (without being fried) and super moist on the inside. I ordered mine with a side of avocado, which I would definitely recommend if you want a little extra creaminess (and because who doesn't love avocado?). These fish tacos were so good that they even kick started me to explore more places that sell them (although none yet have been as good) and make my own! My boyfriend and I also ordered a side of mac n cheese and were pleasantly surprised to learn that all sides come with one free refill! 
The omelet was legit. Very large portion and with all of the add-ins to choose from, there is something for everyone. I ordered mine with sausage, spinach and pepper jack - awesome. I highly recommend the potato latke and corn muffin as sides, both were also outstanding. 
Other than the weekend brunch wait, this place knows how to make their customers happy. If you want to try it out but aren't a fan of a long wait, definitely try grabbing a beer at Ten Stone while waiting  to pass the time or go for dinner. This place is worth it!Not very aware of party's of more than 2. They were just concerned about turning over tables and made us wait for over an hour.I am updating my review based on my recent dinner dining experience.  I would give the food two stars, but the service was great, and I love Honey's brunch- so three stars it is. We both got a bowl of soup since it was 10 degrees outside, and they were not great.  Too salty and not hot. Mine was collared green, sausage, and white bean, but it was tomato based and looked like vegetable soup with a few beans here and there.  Then, we split a burger with our soup.  It was $10 for just. a. burger. No chips, nothing else.  That is too expensive, and the burger was just average.  I will be back to try Honey's dinner again, but will choose more carefully!I absolutely love this place. I have been going to this location since it opened and the original location in northern liberties since 2006. I have never had a bad meal here and i come in once a week. The servers are always nice and friendly and are always courteous. If they make a mistake, they are quick to fix the problem. 
The breakfast bomb is amazing, the chicken tacos are amazing, the Mac and cheese is super amazing.Came here around 2 on a Sunday place was packed and had to wait 25 minutes, but it was worth the wait!  Also BYOBHuge portions and good service - that's probably the best thing about Honey's, in my opinion. Honey's serves your typical breakfast and lunch items; nothing inventive, just the standard issue fare. I can deal with normal and uninventive, but so-so tasting food, not so much.
My first visit was at the Northern Liberties location; I left full but un-wowed. My 2nd visit was at the South Street location and I only went because our first choice options didn't work out. I was hoping that the food would succeed in impressing me the 2nd time around, but sadly it did not. I can't even remember what I ordered but I probably got the 3 egg omelet.
So would I return a 3rd time? Only if there was absolutely nowhere else to go. Honey's isn't HORRIBLE, but I've already given it a 2nd chance and still I'd rather make my own omelets at home. Half the fun of eating out is in the excitement of enjoying a tasty meal. Honey's has only ever given me a meh experience at best and there are lots of other places to try.I love brunch at Honey's-the food is fresh and delicious. And, unlike my other pre-baby brunch spots, there is enough room here to accommodate our growing family. The waiting area is large enough to park a few strollers. The crayons and child-proof drinking cups are just icing on the cake. 
The only con is the cash-only policy, but they have a machine right at the entrance. Also, a few times, the service has been inexplicably slow. So, go for a leisurely brunch because fast is not part of Honey's charm.First time at the new location. Moved out of Philly two years ago and loved the original location. This was walking distance from my hotel (barely, with the record cold!) and had to get my favorite breakfast of all time.
Loved the new space and the team was just as friendly and hipster as the original.  I ordered the Enfrijoladas with egg whites and turkey sausage. One of the servers recommended a side of guacamole. Sold. It was as good, or better, than I remembered. And very filling. We also shared a buttermilk pancake. Melts in your mouth.
A little pricey? Sure. But there is a reason. The best ingredients. Fantastic preparation, and large portions.
You won't find a better place for breakfast (and arguably other meals!). Honey's is simply one of my favorites restaurants of all time. And I have reviewed over 650 different ones.Not a happy camper horrible cheap rather trashy mac& cheese. If your a vegan this*110 for you. Just not my cup of tea...Kind of confused as to why this restaurant only has 3 1/2 stars. It doesn't boast to have super sophisticated brunch fare, and what it does it does extremely well which is comfort brunch food. Our country fried steak was perfect, the gravy was rich but not overwhelming and the biscuits were fluffy. The chicken tenders were also really good, crispy and very flavorful. Decor was awesome and reminded me of an industrial southern factory. Only downside was cash only, but there's an ATM inside the restaurant. Overall, great brunch option for lazy Sunday's and prices are more than reasonable.So I get to 30th Street Station, and my wonderful cousin whisks me away to Honey's. Amazing.  Literally one of the best grilled chicken sandwiches ever. I died and went to heaven.  I told my cousin that I would make the move to Philly just for Honey's. It was awesome because it was a Friday afternoon around 5ish and it was pretty empty, so we were seated immediately, no wait.  If you're in Philly, run don't walk, it's that good.Only 2 stars because it's Honey's and I expected better.  Their original location is better.  My girlfriend and I decided to try this location because it is closer than Northern Liberties.  We got there at noon on a Sunday and were told a 30 minute wait.  That was fine, we just took a walk down the block and back.  12:30 we go in to wait for our table.  Finally around 1 we were seated.  I understand a popular restaurant being crowded but waiting twice as long as your estimate is unacceptable.  They told the couple ahead of us 20 minutes and they waited almost as long.  One thing that didn't help was hearing the disgust in the hostesses' voices behind us talking about people getting upset over the wait.  "We told them to check back in 45 minutes, not that they'd be seated..."  "Ug, I know.  Why do people complain?"  I know working in a restaurant sucks but don't complain about your customers in front of your customers!  Or maybe I'm just not cool enough to appreciate their struggling artist vegan ironic hipster vibe.  I didn't really care, I just wanted brunch.  We ordered right away.  I got the country fried steak with latke, corn muffin and 2 eggs over hard.  My girlfriend ordered the breakfast bomb but was taken back she couldn't order a biscuit as a side even though the menu indicated it was an option with that meal.  She didn't feel like fighting with the waiter.  The menu should be a little clearer about what options come with what meal.  Also concerning the menu:  when did they get rid of corned beef hash?  Maybe it was just absent from this location, I'm not sure.  But come on, this is Pennsylvania.  Don't advertise yourself as a breakfast joint if you don't have corned beef has or scrapple.  That's like a diner in Boston not having clam chowder...Anyway, aside from the above mentioned everything else was fine.  The new location is large and clean.  The food was all very good and we took the leftovers to go.  Bottom line:  Don't go out of your way for it.  I still love Honey's but Green Eggs is closer.Please ensure that your sidewalk cafe is in compliance with Philadelphia Code. At present it does not provide sufficient legal walking space for pedestrians. 
The code states:
The code says sidewalks with a width of 13 feet or less require "five feet of clear sidewalk space." That means no obstructions such as parking meters, trees, poles, fire hydrants, etc. On sidewalks wider than 13 feet, "at least one-half" of the sidewalk must be clear for pedestrians.
Please amend your cafe to be in compliance by ensuring there are at all times 5 feed of clear sidewalk space between your wait staff, tables, chairs and tree pits, trees, etc.
Thank you.My boyfriend wanted breakfast for dinner this past Monday, Sabrina's was closed so we ventured to the long awaited center city Honey's. It was pouring rain, but if it had been nice out we could have easily walked right over.
The space is bright and happy with knick knacks covering the walls, and a super cute counter. We tried to sit at the counter but we think the stools are made for those that aren't challenged in the height department...
I ordered the Corned Beef Special (was going to go for turkey Reuben but was directed otherwise thanks to my wonderful boy). Which I ordered like the corned beef virgin that I am...the Special with corned beef please. He got the pancake with bacon and potatoes. Both were very delicious. My sandwich was huge and the cole slaw was creamy and hearty. All parts of his meal measured up as well.
We'll definitely be back, whether for brunch or some more breakfast for dinner.
Only negative: they didn't have hot chocolate. 
Cash only!Honey's is our go-to brunch spot for a solid, casual, delicious meal with a wide variety of food choices.  We've tried several dishes and never been disappointed. The huevos rancheros and latkes are our favorites.French toast and pancakes were a bit doughy.  Great service.   Fast and friendly.   Filling food but nothing about this restaurant is calling me to go back.  Great for brunch with friends.  Kid friendly.I very much enjoyed my dinner there last night. The service was fun and friendly, and great with the 2 kids we brought. in addition to a great open and interesting atmosphere, the food was excellent. I had the fish tacos and a friend I ran into said the brisket taco was excellent as well. The carrot cake dessert was devoured in a blur so I can't say for certain but I recall it being heavenly.Honey's is simply fabulous. My husband and I love good food, he's omnivore and I'm vegetarian, and now we have a toddler in tow. Honey's makes us all happy. The staff are just wonderful with my son and bring him crayons and a special plastic cup. The kids' plate is perfect for him (fruit, pancakes, and eggs). There are tons of options for me as a vegetarian, and I love being able to substitute tofu for things. My husband enjoys his dishes as well. We are moving to G-Ho soon and I'm so happy to be in closer proximity to Honey's!!So I am writing this review because I feel like this location is a stark contrast to the original in Northern Liberties.  We went in for lunch on a weekday and were promptly seated.  The waitress came over and took our drink orders then our food orders.  We ordered the catfish poboy with fries and hush puppies as well as the tuna melt with fries.  Now I know that a normal wait time for entrees is about 20 minutes and that is about how long it took to get our food but it seemed like it should have been faster since it wasn't busy at all and the things that we ordered were all that labor intensive but that's ok.  The food was good as usual but I felt like it wasn't as good as the original especially the tuna melt, the tuna salad was pretty dry.
The part that was super annoying was the service just wasn't good.  Our waitress hardly ever came to check on us and when we finished our meals we waited a good bit for someone to come clear the plates.  The whole time our waitress is walking around or just not in the dining room.  We ended up having to ask the one of the hostesses for our check, luckily I didn't need change otherwise I don't know how long we would have been there.  I worked in the service industry for almost 10 years and I am accommodating and understanding with this kind of stuff but there really didn't seem to be a reason for the service to be this spotty, hopefully Honey's will work on this but I think we will be going to Northern Liberties from now on when we want Honey's.After craving pancakes for days, I stopped in here tonight after work, thinking it was a shot in the dark that they would serve breakfast at dinner. Well, to my good fortune they do! This place always has a long line on the weekends (and lots of great reviews). But I don't like long lines, so I hadn't bothered to try it. I couldn't have been luckier tonight, though! Not only was I seated right away and served quickly, but my food was delicious! I ordered a banana chocolate chip buttermilk pancake, a side of turkey sausage, and a scrambled egg. It was fantastic and satiated my overwhelming craving for sweet pancakes. 
Now, I'm petite, but I can and will pack away food, which is why I love that I can order just one pancake and one egg here. Most places want to pile your plate with 2 or 3 huge pancakes, which is really too much. And I feel guilty wasting food, so I wind up stuffing myself silly. I definitely ate more than I needed tonight, but that's okay. I ate less than I would have had I been forced to order 2 pancakes. And, quite frankly, the pancakes are huge - the size of a large plate huge - so it's not as if you really need or should eat more than one, even though they're tasty. 
Anyway, I loved it all - the food, the service, the scent of the restaurant when you enter, and the decor. To top it off, the prices are great too! The only minus is that it's cash only and I'm often without cash. But I'll still be back. I may even become a regular for those delicious pancakes that will likely beckon me on my way home.Can't say enough good things about Honey's. I've been here several times, most recently for brunch. The huevos rancheros are my go-to, and I always add guacamole (it's a few dollars extra, but a good sized helping that you can easily share across entrees). Also love adding on the little cup of apple sauce for $1! I've always had good service here, and though you do often have to wait for a table, it moves pretty quickly.Came in in a whim, because I was starving. I'm vegan and they offered a vegan dish called sweet potato and fig hash. I also ordered the fried cauliflower, which was good, though I wasn't a fan of the sauce. They put it on the side so it's not a big deal but overall the hash was great and so was the cauliflower. I gave them 4 stars because they don't offer more vegan dishes and because they don't carry almond milk. Friendly staffHoney's is one of the best breakfast places in Philly. All locally sourced and organic, the food is amazing for a pretty reasonable price. You will definitely pay a little bit more than some other places, but like I said, for what you get and for Center City, it's pretty great. The latkes are amazing, especially if you ask for a side of apple sauce, which is really more like a thick apple syrup.I took my son for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised by the choices and prices. The was absolutely delicious and the portions were generous. We will definitely visit often.I visited this newer Honey's location one of my recent visits to the area.  I actually like this space better than the original.  Although I still love both locations.
I am a huge fan of their biscuits.  The last couple of times I've gotten the biscuit sandwich with egg and bacon and a side of home fries.  Just enough food to be satisfying, but not enough that I have to go back to bed.
Get here early on the weekends or expect to wait.One thing to say, how can you charge for mayonnaise shouldn't that be a free condiment like ketchup and mustard .I had higher expectations going into this. Venue was neat, service was good. Bf got the chicken fried steak biscuits&gravy and i had the omelette wrapped in pancakes with chorizo. Chicken fried steak was good, and my dish would have been good with something other than chorizo. The chorizo was underwhelming and covered in cumin which was not clear on the menu and didn't work well with the dish at all (and i eat a lot of cumin on a regular basis).
We were also seated at the bar area and there was a fan blasting directly above us which made our food super cold after only a few bites.Hostess told us it's about 45 minute wait for party of four.  That's understandable for Sunday brunch.  Finally our table was ready but a "friend" of the hostess came through the door, they exchanged hugs, and walked right to our table.  After questioned the exchange, she told me we were next. Breakfast was average.This was my first time at the south street location. It's nice, but I think the other one has more character. The food is the same and this one also has more gluten free options than the other location. 
I ordered the enfrioladas. I had them once before at their other location and I was not disappointed either time. They are the perfect brunch item. My girlfriend got the turkey Reuben. We both loved what we got and will definitely return.Judging from the line to get in, I am not sure that this place needs another good review. However, I will say that the food is great and the atmosphere is fun for a group of friends to get together in. It loses a star because because the fact that they don't take credit cards makes this a less convenient choice.I don't understand the low ratings. I stopped scrolling after a certain point, but seems like the people that gave 1-2 stars are ordering the wrong things or are expecting something different from what Honey's offers. 
I went on a Monday so there was no wait time. I imagine my experience may have been different had I come in on a busy morning. But even if there is a wait, there's a pet store next door and stuff to keep you entertained close by so the wait isn't too tedious. Now in to my experience- I get there and once seated, I took a look at the menu and knew I wanted both the Honey Cristo and Toad in a Hole... So I ordered both. No regrets. 
When the food arrived, I was a bit disappointed with the presentation. Being the brunch snob (from LA) that I am, I was ready to criticize the mediocrity of my dishes. I snapped a photo (to share with y'all) and dug in.
Whaaat is this magic happening inside my mouth right now?! Whaaaaaaaaaaat!!!
Imagine a French toast having a baby with an egg sandie. That's the Honey Cristo. The eggs were perfectly runny, French toast just sweet enough, and ham a nice touch of salty- making every bite a heavenly combo of sweet and salty.
The Toad in a Hole won me over with its melt-in-your mouth, buttery goodness. All hollandaise lovers rejoice, this is obv a must for you. It doesn't look quite impressive or ig worthy but before you pass any judgement, take a bite of that cheesy, gooey bread. You know your mouth just watered reading that last bit. For $9, it's worth a go. You'll come back for more. Also, it comes with baby radish? (the little sprouts) which offers a nice kick if it starts getting a little too buttery. I never felt it before but as I near the big 3-0, I've noticed myself slowing down on cheese and butter. Having the tart flavor and crunchy consistency to counterbalance was nice.
They were so good I wanted to cry. Like where have you been all my life?! 
I also had a bite of my friend's biscuit and gravy and it was pretty good. I'm gonna go again and try the latke and scrapple. When people visit from my home state, this is def on the list to take them. 
As good as the food was, I wasn't able to finish my food because I was to full after eating halfway through. I took leftovers and I must say, they still tasted delicious af.It was nice me my wife  and  her girl  friend  went  the atmosphere  was nice server Courtney  was cool down  to earth  her and wife and friend  had a nice  conversation  was telling  how the  dinner  was  good  to try we had the breakfast which  was good  i guess  we'll  try dinner nextSuch a great, kid friendly and parent friendly place!  Very accessible with the stroller.  The food is yummy and a little more elevated for parents but they also have a great kid's menu, cups and crayons to entertain the little ones!  Good luck getting a seat on the weekends!  If you can go weekdays, it's much more enjoyable as you can be seated more promptly.Yum!  Something different for brunch!
I'm convinced that the biscuits here are made of magic.  Sure, the omelet I had was delicious and the home fries were yummy (they had a familiar paprika taste and good texture), and my dining companion loved his special Italian-inspired omelet with side of latke.....
but holy cannoli, there was just something about that biscuit.  
While we were expecting a Pillsbury dinner roll-type of addition, what we received was a soft, fresh, mildly dense biscuit with a hint of poppy seeds.  It had just enough sweetness to balance out the butter that was already spread on it before it came to our table.  Not too hot, not too cold...it was juuust right.  Hence the claim that it is made of magic.
I would go back here for the meals in general, but I'd be just as content if I could simply have a plate of biscuits.  :)I hate leaving negative reviews for restaurants because as a former waitress, whenever I read other people's negative reviews, I always roll my eyes at the underlying self-entitlement that shines through, but my last visit at Honey's inspired me to do the unthinkable.
Honey's is a block away from my apartment, so I've been in a handful of times since it opened. I've never had a bad meal there, but I've also never had a good meal there.  It really is just okay in terms of the food, and often times it's all a bit hit and miss. 
But this review is centered mainly on the service, are lack thereof.  I came in on a Friday mid-morning, so the restaurant was about half full.  I came in by myself, but asked for a table, and was seated all the way against the wall in a far corner (despite many table in the middle of the restaurant being open), making it impossible to see the specials. A mild annoyance.  
A waitress (?? - it was pretty confusing to know who my actual server was) came by and attempted to awkwardly read the specials off the board, because she evidently did not know them off hand, which is odd (sorry having worked as a server for 7 years, it's your job to know the specials!)
Someone else came by to take my drink order...it then took TEN MINUTES for it to finally arrive. I then order my food (an omelet and a piece of cake), asked that it be brought out as ready (I was starving and I'm not 5 y.o., I can handle desert before my main). Well, 20 minutes later, the table that arrived AFTER me had already finished their meal, and I was still waiting for anything to eat.  As a single diner, the fact that it took 39 minutes before any food reached my table when the restaurant was not busy is just ridiculous. 
But yes, the food finally arrived. And I swear to god, there was a hair on my plate. But at that point, I was so hungry and I couldn't fathom waiting any longer for a new plate, so I picked it off and just ate the meal.  And it was all kind of mediocre - the omelet was under salted and the cake did not live up to its description. The only thing that was memorable was the corn muffin.
I wasn't able to finish the cake and the waitress asked if I wanted to wrap it up, and so I said sure. I asked for the check and told her I had a conference call in 10 minutes. The check came out quickly, but 6 minutes later, she was chatting with another server at the front desk area, but had not come by to give me change or with the box for the cake. So despite how I felt about the service, in order to make sure I wasn't late for my meeting, I left behind a large, undeserved tip and the rest of my cake.
At any rate, I doubt I'll be back anytime soon, if ever.  I much prefer the food and service at Ants Pants (love their Chai Tea Latte), and now that everyone goes to Honey's, there's almost never a wait at Ants Pants anymore! Now that I think about it, I'm not sure why I didn't walk the extra block to go there instead :-/I came in a group of 3 on a recent Saturday at 2PM, and we had a 20-minute wait. The restaurant was packed. The food at Honey's comes in large portions, and the coffee and orange juice are freshly made. Waiters constantly come around with steaming pots to refill your mug. I ordered Jeb's Open Faced Sandwich, and my friends ordered Honey's Platter and the Honey's Chicken Finger Platter.
The open faced sandwich was delicious. The biscuit is fluffy, topped with a sausage patty on either half, topped again with sunny-side up eggs. The gravy is thick and heavy, but can definitely be overwhelming -- I'd recommend getting the gravy on the side. As for the potato side, I ordered the latke, which was good but more like a large triangular hashbrown made of sliced potato rather than a latke. (You can also get sour cream and apple sauce at an additional $1.50!) The Platter had a substantial amount of food, and my friend was satisfied. 
The chicken finger platter was definitely the highlight of our brunch. They were large, breaded perfectly, and the chicken was juicy. When dipped in Honey's house ranch, the chicken fingers were absolutely divine. There was also just a lot of food on the chicken finger platter (cole slaw + many, many fries).
Tl;dr -- this is a popular brunch place, so get here early to put down your name! Highly recommend the chicken fingers and other Honey's specials.My first time here, I ordered to go. The service was great!! I ordered pancakes and cheese eggs for my husband who been here before and loved it! I ordered a turkey burger and mac and cheese, it was good! We also ordered 2 fresh squeezed orange juice. A bit pricey but worth it!!Ugh so good. Everytime I leave here I'm in desperate need of a nap. The latkes are gonna go straight to your arteries, but in a good way.My girlfriend and I have walked by this popular restaurant a few times and finally decided to give it a go. It did not disappoint. I ordered the pulled pork bbq benedict and it was fantastic! She got the big salad with the honey vinaigrette. Can't wait to go again and try something else on their menu.The food and service was great. Just know to add about 30 minutes to whatever wait time you are quoted at. We were told 20-30 minutes and waited 53 minutes.This is a great brunch spot! We came for a late brunch over the weekend and were seated immediately. The place has a warehouse/old fashioned hardware store vibe and it was fairly an open space. As a heads up, it's cash only but there is an ATM inside, which is nice. The service is great and our waiter was very friendly and patient as we were deciding what to order. I would definitely recommend sharing the giant pancakes (it comes with 2 and you get to customize your pancake - we opted for chocolate chips and walnuts) and it comes with a generous serving of maple syrup. I got the homemade matzo-ball soup and a side of bacon (the bacon was AMAZING and thick cut, very crispy and juicy, and comes with 3 pieces). The matzo-ball soup came with two huge matzo balls that you could tell were homemade and delicious. To be honest, I was just in the mood for matzo ball soup but when I saw the menu, I had a VERY hard time deciding what to get. Everything looked great and I'm looking forward to going back and trying out the rest of the menu.
This is definitely a great brunch spot and satisfies that pancake mood I'm always finding myself in. I've heard it gets packed, so I would recommend going at an off hour like I did.This place is like my local diner. Love coming here on weekday mornings for the breakfast special. My usual is eggs over easy w/the potato latke and buttered grilled corn muffin. I see way too many people eating toast. Do they not know about the grilled corn muffin and biscuit option????
I always come here after a night shift. I sit at the counter and have my food within 5min. Speedy, friendly service. Delicious eats. They keep me coming back.
Oh, and that rotating jam!My new favorite breakfast/brunch place. Everything delicious. Warm and friendly atmosphere- both the servers and the patrons. Biscuit and gravy with eggs - soooo good!!!