My wife & I, we headed down to the restaurant after a long day at work.  It was pretty easy to find the restaurant, of course we used the help of a modern technology (GPS).  
The restaurant is nicely decorated with a contemporary setting and the music (jazz) is very suitable for a peaceful evening dining.  
We had fried calamari & salmon salad for appetizer and crispy duck with green curry & Tilapia for main course.  The foods were fantastic and the dessert (fried banana) was delicious.  The service was exceptional.  
I would say this is a gourmet restaurant, not just any restaurant.  Thank you for all the good foods.Great food and excellent authentic Thai Tea makes this an excellent choice for when you want to spice up your lunch or dinner however bring your wallet because they are expensive. If they would offer early bird, lunch or any type of special it would be the first.Food. Having access to dozens of Thai restaurants throughout Manhattan and Queens, the Thai food here is mediocre by comparison. We ordered Beef Salad (not spicy enough and barely any red onions), Papaya Salad (potions of the papaya itself was a bit lacking), Curry Puffs (delicious and fresh), Silver Noodles (good) and Pineapple Fried Rice (good). 
Service. The lady who brought our coffee at the end of the meal was much more friendly than the male server who took our order. The waiter was not mean, but not friendly either, which is typical of many Asian restaurants. 
Decor. The decor was more elegant and modern than expected of most restaurants in this price range.Had to drive 20 minutes to this place yesterday because the Thai places close to me sucks. I'm talking about you, White Elephant. 
Anyways on to the food. I ordered two things for take out and I don't know if the portion sizes are different from takeout than eat in but the curry puffs were damn near highway robbery. 6 bucks for two tiny puffs the size of my thumbs? Are you kidding me? Good thing the pad thai was a good size and fairly tasty or I woulda flip my shiet. 
No House of Thai, you are not Morimoto, up your damn puff quantity.There should be more publicity about this place.  We yelp and went for it and loved it.  The coconut chicken soup was so good.  I love the ambiance too.  My friend and I were just talking about this will be our hot pot.Pretty good! Probably the best Pad Thai in the area. Unfortunately that's not saying much considering there are so few thai places in the northeast. Overall I thought the main dishes were very good. I wish there were a few more appetizers to chose from. Also, the bathrooms are pretty gross, so I'd try and avoid it if possible. Otherwise, all was good.After seeing the great reviews on Yelp, I really wanted to try this place out, so I decided to order take out. The food was promised to be ready in 15-20 minutes and by the time I got there it was ready. Upon pickup I noticed the very beautiful dining room. Everything was so clean and pretty. I ordered the veg. dumplings and chicken pad Thai and they were both delicious. So glad I found my new official go-to Thai place in the Northeast. I'll definitely be back.It's our first time here . We ordered spring rolls, chicken satay, red curry beef and chicken pad Thai. We enjoyed everything. We also orders mango with sweet rice and fried banana. Desserts were delicious. Will Definitely order the desserts again! We cant wait to return and try other dishes .I was really excited to go to this restaurant after reading the reviews, but I was sadly disappointed.  The atmosphere was cute but small and since it was a slow night you could hear the whole conversation of the only other two people in the restaurant.  I got the mixed seafood dish.  I love seafood, but was disappointed in what I received.  The seafood was over-cooked and the sauce was ok, but I wouldn't recommend it. 
Maybe I just got the wrong dish here, but I won't be racing back to see if there is something better here.This place is definitely under rated. I'm a flight attendant and I travel the world for a living. I've tried Thai food all over the country and this place has the best Thai food BY FAR! The waiters are very attentive and the food is super fresh, every time! If you are visiting the city and are a tourist. This place is about 15 minutes northeast of center city. Definitely worth the ride! 5 stars all the way! :-)This place is a hidden gem. Amazing ambiance, friendly service, and fantastic food. It's BYOB with a liquor store right across the street.
If you go, get the veggie dumplings, which are freshly made. Their drunken noodles were great as well. I ordered mine with shrimp and the shrimp were a great size. Can't wait to go back here!Satay and chicken red curry Togo.  The food is good. Satay a bit under season and could use a little bit more time on the grill for more color. peanut dipping sauce was ok and was ice cold. The most exciting part of that apps was the pickled cucumbers veggies.  Didn't even know it came with the satay apps. The red curry was flavorful and very aromatic.  Love the coconut milk flavor and the fresh Vietnamese coriander they put in it. Could use a lot more heat though. It wasn't hot at all. Overall, very good. Will definitely come back but this time to dine in. The restaurant is small but it is smart, sexy, and very intimate.The pad Thai noodles was overcooked, but the fried calamari and Panaeng Curry Fried Rice made up for it.  Don't forget reservations or they'll put you at the table by the door.  There's a draft.I LOVE this place. it is soooo good. It has all the right flavors and balance of sweet, spice, sour, etc. All the salads are flavorful, get two and share. Drunken noodles and curry, you just can't go wrong. When I want Thai, I go here. Also a BYOB and great service.My GF and I came here on a recomendation from a friend. They were right! This place is very classy inside. The food was wonderful and the service was fast and friendly. The prices were extremely reasonable. 
We found our new Friday date night spotBest Thai restaurant in NE Philly.  I have eaten here many times and have not been disappointed. Cute and cozy place for date night. Some of the Thai dishes that I have tried in other places are normally spicy.  The dishes here are served relatively mild. So if you like heat like I do, make sure to ask for it.Spotted by this place yesterday, and to my surprise the food and ambiance was very nice, the dumplings were on point and the chicken thia pad is second to none. I would suggest this place to anyone"If you hadn't taken me here, I would've NEVER thought a place like this would be HERE." Those are the words of my co-worker on Friday when we took a trip into Mayfair to eat at House of Thai. Nestled along a strip of closed down stores, a corner store, countless neck tattoos, and an 8 year old walking a 75 pound Rottweiler, House of Thai DOES seem a bit out of place. You walk in, and its a legit sit down restaurant; small, but nice. Clean tables and soft music playing from the over head speakers. We sat down and were greeted promptly and placed our orders. I went with the chicken pad thai (duh!) with the salad and coconut chicken soup. The salad came and was tasty; properly dressed with a peanut dressing. The soup was next and was DELICIOUS. This is from someone that doesn't even LIKE coconut. The soup was perfectly balanced, with this lemony kick that complemented the soup perfectly. Then the main course, the pad thai. Again, delicious, and with a heaping portion size that filled me up. My two co-workers, one that "didn't like" pad thai and one that never had it, were both converted. One went BACK to get a to-go order to take home, and the other wouldn't shut up about how "pleasantly surprised" he was, since he thought he wasn't going to like it. 
The one knock on House of Thai, besides being in Mayfair, is that it did take a while to get our food. While the dishes were spaced nicely, it took a lot longer than expected to get our main dishes. We actually asked for the check when the pad thai's hit the table so that we could hurry up and get back to work. 
I totally recommend it, and will definitely be back. Lunch (salad, soup, pad thai) and tip came out to about $14 per person. 
OH, also, BYOB!I ordered the red curry sauce with chicken and I didn't expect much due to so many Thai places lacking the right flavors. You know what I'm talking about such as the thick milky red curry sauce that I was used to getting ..lacking depth  and substance. 
When I had my first spoonful I swear I saw fireworks. The sauce was perfect and I admired the red oil floating in the sauce instead of that thick yogurt looking crap I got at south Philly (ameri Thai ) the list goes on. 
Point is, this place cooks from the heart and it may be empty at times but don't let that discourage you from eating there. Best Thai I've had since baan Thai down northern liberties.One of the best Thai restaurants in Philly,  hands down. The food is consistently well prepared. My favorites include lemon grass soup or coconut soup, spring rolls, drunken noodles, Phat Thai, and fried rice with Thai sausage. Also curry is great. So lucky to have this gem in the neighborhood!This was a pleasant surprise of a restaurant. Nice atmosphere and friendly wait staff with good food. Drunken noodles, red curry, and shrimp pineapple fried rice were all cooked perfectly.This small restaurant, run by very friendly and solicitous folks, is a comfortable place for a meal.  We had lunch there today when the restaurant offers a good set-up of soup-appetizer-entree for a shade under $10.  The soups and appetizers showed careful preparation with quality ingredients, we especially liked the clean and tasty broth of the vegetable soup and the greaseless fried tofu.  
Of the main plates, the green curry (with pork) was our favorite but the drunken noodles (redolent of Szechuan pepper) also pleased.  I found the Pad Thai (with shrimp) too cloyingly sweet, a pity since the toothy noodles and the shrimp were good.
The food offerings here do not differ from other area Thai places but you will find well-done renditions of things you already know.This is a hidden gem on you got it on 3500 of Cottman Ave.....you may have passed it and never noticed it.....by the review a lot of people are noticing it........if you like Thai or your open to new experiences go here.... Jump in you car now.  The inside is very cozy........quiet...very nice place......excellent service......outstanding food......we start off with the salad with peanut dressing and the party begins on out palettes......then we move to the Shrimp Lemongrass soup.....very tastey.....then the Drunken Noodles.....light spice.....all sort of flavors going off......all for $21.00 per person for dinner........plus tip and tip well they work hard......an outstanding meal...... the Northeast isn't known for there restaurants and there are a few......this is one of them........go with an open mind and enjoy.....This place is truly a hidden gem. Part of me does not want to write a review because I want to keep it a secret but another part of me wants to shout how good it is from the rooftop! Everything that I've had here has been very good. I would highly recommend the fried calamari, the drunken noodles or any of the duck entrees. The prices are appropriate, the food is delicious and the server is friendly. What more could I ask for? I am very excited to grab a few bottles of wine and meet my family at H.O.T. tonight for dinner!The 7 years I've dined here, I've never had an issue with their food or their service. 
At times, the owner gives me Thai tea on the house. 
I love their thai sausage fried rice, chicken satay, and lemon grass soup! The flavors are never off. 
Honesty, I don't think I've never had a bad time here. 
One time, I was charge more than what it was supposed to be. Well, my girlfriend had picked the food up. So, I didn't know what it was supposed to be. The owner had called me and stated that he overcharged us, he kept sincerely apologizing. I started to feel bad instead. He told me he'll credit me next time I come in (it was about a $20 difference). However, I didn't dine in or order out in a couple of weeks and when I did, he remembered about the credit. 
That right there shows how much he loves and enjoys his customers!!! You'll forever have a customer unless I find something in my food (which I hope will never happen).Love this place, everything I've had has been so yummy and they hit the perfect amount of spice. My fav dishes are the shrimp in garlic sauce and the stir fried veggies, extra spicy for that extra kick!My first time here tonight and I absolutely enjoyed it. I had the green curry with chicken. The broth was thick and creamy and sweet and spicy. My boyfriend had the shrimp pad Thai and the shrimp were a good size and the flavor was on point. I'm glad to find good eats here in the northeast. I will definitely come back again.Going to a Thai restaurant, it's a must to order Pad Thai. So I got the chicken/shrimp combo and it was so so. It was just sweet & sour but not really packed with flavor. I've had wayyyyyyy better
Golden Bag: 3 out of 5 (had better)
What to order: garlic w basil stir fry, we got beef and it was absolutely amazing. My mouth is still drooling!!! Oh so good! 
Ambiance is cute, not to shabby :)Came here with two girlfriends about a year ago and thought the food was great.  I don't know why it took me so long but I finnally came back tonight with my husband and had another great experience.   We had the tai dumpling appetizer which was excellent.  For our main course I had the panang fried rice and my husband had the spicy eggplant.  I had no complaints as far as my meal was concerned although I think my husband made the better choice.   I'll probably be ordering that the next time.  We don't go out to eat to but I think this place will be on our list as far as local places to go to when we want to eat out and they offer take out too when we just want to stay at home.  You can expect good food, good service,  and a good value here and it's a byob which is always great.  I think we would definitely come back and maybe even bring others here in the future.This place is AWESOME!!! The food is great. I have tried a few different dishes all have been wonderful. The best thing is that they deliver.Tonight was my first night ordering take out from there. And it was fantastic! It is so easy to mess up thai food and these people surely did not. I ordered chicken pad thai because it was safe for my stomach right now. But in any case is delicious.
It was delivered fast and everything was hot. The other people who ordered with me ate beef pad thai, drunken noodles and pork red curry. There was no left overs. And that was not because the portion was small. There was a ton of food. 
The next time I order from there (which will be very soon) I will be ordering the duck. I am so excited that I can get thai duck in Mayfair. 
You must try this place. Like now.Worth the 20 min drive from the city!!!! This cute Thai place is a definite hidden gem , I cannot wait to come back here again!!! Everything was simply deliciousAbsolutely amazing! Atmosphere, service, food.5freaking stars. BYOB (liquor store across the street ).I got the Thai tea, pad thai 2meat combo and the crispy duck salad. I now am obsessed. They deserve all the amazing ratings they are given.Why don't more people know about this place? It's a hidden gem. The decor was surprisingly stylish, given the location, and an unexpected treat. The food - glorious! One of our dinner party members was a vegetarian and she found a selection of dishes on the menu that were both delicious and exotic. My 9 year old loved the Pad Thai and vegetarian dumplings.
For dessert we sheepishly ordered the mango sticky rice, which we had never even heard of - it amazing. 
Service, pricing, atmosphere, menu selection and food did not disappoint. Please patronize this Restuarant, as it would be a shame to see it have to close it's doors.I come here often, whether it is to dine in or take out. Either way the food is still ALWAYS so fresh and delicious. I've had a variety of different things on the menu, including the specialty dishes and I've never had a single complaint. My go to is the Ginger Sauce with chicken and shrimp, and of course, spring rolls. Consistency in restaurants is difficult, but here it's of no moment - it's always so good. Come here, you will not be disappointed.Quaint little Thai spot nestled on Cottman and Frankford. The food was fresh and flavorful as expected and the service prompt and polite. Tried the Tom yum soup, mango salad, and panaeng curry; all of which delicious. The decor was great, much nicer than I expected before walking in. Great to find a delicious Thai spot close to home in the NEGreat food, but if you want to dine in they will not seat you close to 10pm. I would even bet 9:30. After then, it's take out only. They should probably list this in their information.I was ecstatic to find this little gem close to where I just moved. The decor was really modern and tasteful. Beautiful floors and although small, it was a very quaint spot. I ordered the Tom Yum (lemongrass soup) and it was yummy. It wasn't the best I've had but it was a close second or third. I also had the mango salad and that was so deliciously refreshing and filling. I was disappointed when it ended. It was so crisp and the dressing was absolutely delicious. My husband ordered the Penang curry with steak and he thoroughly enjoyed it. It had a nice kick but after the first bite it just kept getting better. 
We will definitely be returning and frequenting this place. Service was really good and friendly as well.Excellent Thai in Philly. Spicy, fresh, delicious. Nice jazz playing softly in background. Clean bright and well spaced tables. You wouldn't expect to find s7ch a n8ce place based on area. Try it, you will love it.This is a lovely little oasis of calm and excellent cuisine.  It's a terrific date night spot. However, I did not know that they also deliver. My husband and I were both sick with colds and the one thing I wanted was their shrimp lemongrass soup. The service was excellent, the food arrived exactly when they promised, and everything was as fresh and savory as it would be if it were served in the restaurant.  I feel better already!Had out of town guests & didn't want to drive to the city for dinner so I came across this place and I'm really glad I did. Small and clean but really a hidden gem. A very under appreciated place tucked away in Mayfair. I got the Pad Thai and it was so tasty and delicious!This was my first time trying Thai food. It was delicious. We had the drunken beef noodles, sweet sausage fried rice, dumplings,spring rolls. I ordered it for take out but the restaurant is very nice and clean. The lady was very nice and greeting. Definitely going back. Glad I found this place !!!This place is not only amazing with the presentation of the food but the taste of the food is pristine as well. The nice ambience of the staff and scenery is just what you're looking for when you show up to eat at a lovely restaurantWe were lucky on a rainy afternoon, not that many patrons, and quick service. I was promised Golden Bags of Delight, and my skepticism was unfounded, as they were delicious. The fried shrimp appetizer was also delicious, as was the red curry we had. Great service, poured our wine out for us and very helpful with suggestions. Get those bags.Picture me rolling . . . or rather scrolling, down my iPad screen looking for healthy take out options in the NE Philly area. Am I a spoiled little LA girl? I never thought so until now. Where is the Thai food in Philly !!! 
Oh that's right it's at the House of Thai. They don't deliver but it's a cute little restaurant and very nice decor - no hole in the wall here. I really wanted yellow curry but they only had green and red so I went with the Pad See Ew instead. It was delicious ! 
It tasted completely different from any pad see ew I've ever had - it wasn't spicier but there was more of a peppery taste to it which was super good. Thai tea met all expectations as usual. Took about 15 mins for take out and there is ample metered parking outside.Amazing restaurant! The food is delicious and the service great. A hidden gem in the Mayfair section of the city.Very quiet and small place but it's set up and decorated very formally. I had went for the first time during lunch (which lasts between 11am-3pm) and For 2 people we payed $21.49 each person was able to get a soup, then a choice an appetizer and of course and entree. I thought the food was satisfying and tasty and presented really nicely...I probably will return when I need a Thai food fix.
oh! Also much of the menu had a vegetarian option so you veggie people out there won't have to miss out! :3This was my first experience with Thai food and it was delicious!!! It's a small restaurant..  And the service is okay... But the food is amazing!!House of Thai is one of NE Philly's most consistent restaurants. That's why it is rated so highly. A majority of the time, we have gotten take out of HOT but have also eaten in a few times, as well. 
Food: The food is always the same. That's always very important to me. If you like a fish, you want to get it again and you want it to taste the same. The food is very consistent, tasty and fresh. 
Price: This is also a BYOB, which is a huge plus if you're looking to save some dough... The food is slightly pricier than the usual take-out Asian fare but it's worth it because it is good and the portions are sizable. 
Service: always have had the same pleasant gentleman serve us; this has never been a problem. 
Ambience: it's a surprisingly quiet spot off of a busy street, but as far as decor it is pretty sparse. Not that that that matters. It is MUCH nicer than, say, a Chinese restaurant take out place. 
All in all, I highly recommend.This is probably the best Thai restaurant in all of Philadelphia (especially in the NE). Every time I come here for dinner everything is rated 5 stars..  The food is extremely flavorful and the service is really really good. Also, this restaurant is a BYOB, so you can bring a bottle of your whatever you want to complement your meal.. definitely stop in for a meal whether you eat in or takeout the next time you are around.So decided to try some Thai food and being disappointed and dissatisfied with most of the Thai Joints in Philadelphia I must say I felt as though House of Thai cuisine really came through. So as far as the inside dining I really wouldn't say it's that big or nice. It's actually quite small and not children friendly, which was kind of a bummer since we brought our baby but my biggest judgment when it come to ratings is the food and price, atmosphere children friendly is just extra and isn't the make or breaking point of my ratings. The food was very good and I mean just really flavorful, good portions and flavored accordingly. My wife and I ended up getting 3 appetizers, the springs rolls, golden shrimp, and Thai dumplings and all were very good. I got the curry duck which was superb with green curry while my wife got some awesome chicken Thai fried rice. We ended up taking half our food to go because our little one was getting fussy but as far as the service, price, and quality of the food, this was perhaps the best place for Thai food that we been to thus far in Philadelphia. I mean they were a lot of people coming in and out picking up to go orders and by the flavor of the food I don't blame them, it's really tasty. However, the inside was pretty small and not that inviting, I mean it's ok, it wasn't bad but if you plan on a big party or bring kids this is not the place to go! Anyhow really enjoyed the food and will be back for sure to pick up an order! 3 appetizers and 2 big entrees for $60!including tip, you really get a good value.Carry out Chicken Pad Thai - Heaven.  Lovely noodles - order ready on time - lovely little byob.Lovely ambiance - romantic but not. Food is delicious served hot. Server is friendly and full of information.Great quality and delicious food! Friendly service and nice ambiance! Highly recommend this place!This place rocks! I live in San Francisco area and get good thai food and this place is as good if not better.It's a nice space too,a great deal for quality of food & ambience.
I recommend this restaurant highly! It makes my list to return to next time I am in Philly.The food is amazing here.  Service is wonderful too. I had the Spicy Basil Fried Rice with Chicken. Delicious!!!! A definite must. It came with a salad with peanut sauce that was great and Vegetable Lemon Grass soup. Fresh cut vegetables in the soup and the broth was so tasty. Definitely come here. Not too pricey either.Remarkable to find such cultural and intimacy dining on a little corner in the Northeast.  Excellent service, expertly prepared cuisine, great portions. BYOB with a Wine & Spirits directly located across the street. Perfect for first dates.This place is a truly a diamond in the rough!! Every meal is delicious. I love that it's BYOB; and there is a Wine & Spirit across the street if you forget. My fav dish...Mango Curry. #Addicted. You absolutely must try this place.We ordered out. It was a large order with many items. Honestly, everything was excellent! Prompt and polite service. This is the best Thai food, in our opinion, in NE Philadelphia.Best Thai food in NE. Reasonable prices, relaxing atmosphere, and quick take out. I absolutely love this place!!Very great place for lunch. $10.95 for lunch combo crispy duck, fried tofu and soup... Will definitely return. Great service also.Excellent location for aficionados of thai food in the Northeast. I take all of my out-of-town friends to this restaurant; it's wonderful. Dumplings and golden bag are especially delicious. Service is attentive; the place is never too crowded. BYOB only, but the Wine & Spirits shop across the street takes care of that problem. I've taken friends here who are more than passingly familiar w/ good thai food and they all agree that the House of Thai is truly authentic.I wish there was a six star rating. Pad thai was fantastic, but once I had the garlic duck I never went back. That dish will make you forget your problems. So, kids, stay away from drugs and enjoy the garlic duck instead.  
I went here a few times with a lady friend and can't believe I didn't review until now. Just took a friend here and he just sent me a text saying he's taking his parents there tomorrow. So, count this as two rave reviews.
Plus, it's BYOB and across the street from a liquor store.  
SIX STARS!I'm never disappointed with the good and service here. I'm typically here for the lunch specials during the week and always get the spicy basil fried rice as my main course. Great food, friendly waiter and fast service. I'm surprised there aren't crowds of people there on a regular basis but I'm also happy, because it makes for s nice quiet lunch spot during the week.Wonderful little 12-14 table restaurant that has fantastic food and an elegant dining experience.Toady, I went to House of Thai and I can say it's a very good Thai place in the Northeast area. There are not many good Thai places in the area, but this one is definitely the top of the chart. We walked in and we were greeted by a gentleman we did not sit in, but we did get take out. We skimmed through the menu and we found a few platters that looked very appetizing and even after asking the gentleman about certain dishes, his knowledge was extensive and he did a very good job in answering my questions. My girlfriend order the Chicken Pad Thai and I ordered the Drunken Noodles, because I wanted to try something different. My girlfriend ordered a Thai Tea which was definitely something she nor I have ever had; it tasted very good and refreshing. I also got a side order of Sticky Rice and also the Lemongrass Soup. Our meals were amazing and we both enjoyed the food, I think next time we are going to dine in and bring a bottle of wine since it's BYOB. We will be back!I just ate here today and it was so good! The owner was so sweet and provided great service! I had the vegatable dumplings, spring rolls, and the garlic sauce chicken and beef with white rice. It all tasted so great and all the ingredients were fresh. I would reccomend this to everyone!This is the go to for Thai. Thankfully it is in my neighborhood.  I haven't had a bad dish here. Dave even loves it.  The thai icetea is a favorite. I truly enjoy all of the small plates they offer.First off, I do love this place, but I have to knock off a star for the change to their delivery policy. When I called up this afternoon to order delivery (as I have done many times before, even as recently as three weeks ago), I was informed that they don't deliver anymore. I asked when this started, and told that it was months ago. Huge inconvenience. 
Ordered my gang's standard lineup - the honey duck, the red mango curry, and the pad thai - and everything was delicious as usual. Our order of the chicken coconut soup was SO much spicier than it usually is, so much that no one could stand more than a couple bites. Spring rolls were good, as are the fried calamari. You definitely want to try the green curry with your protein of choice, and the shrimp lemongrass soup, both are delicious.
Shame about the delivery, I don't know if I'll be ordering from here as much, but I recommend it wholeheartedly.Looking for some great Thai food? You have found it! Do not look any further. Pad Thai is to die for Thai ice tea. Believe me, you won't be disappointed!Very good food and great service. There is a Wine and Spirit shoppe across the street and they are BYOB.Food and service were awesome. 
Heard about this place online and been wanting to try it for a while. Great lunch specials, we ordered the Pad Thai and duck. They both came with a salad and choice of appetizer for about $10 each. Inside the restaurant is really clean and nice.I never write reviews but this restaurant deserves the credit. I came here twice and received great service both times. Pad thai is one of the best I've ever had. Vegetable dumplings and massaman curry are also my favorites. Best thai food in the area.This place is small, elegant, and a true gem of the Northeast.  I don't think it's Hipster anything, just because it's in Mayfair and if you're from Philly you know that NO Hipsters live anywhere near Mayfair.  My parents recently moved back home from Florida and have been searching for a new Thai place to eat, after going there last night...I think they've found it!  It's BYOB...AWESOME!  If you go and forget to bring a nice bottle of Sake there's a most convenient liquor store directly across the street!!  
I'm a vegetarian and they had a great selection for us non-meat eaters.  The prices were fair, the food was impeccable, and the service was outstanding.  Their Panaeng Curry was amazing, but I had the sauce from the Mango Curry as well as the Curry Duck and it was equally as good.  
They also have take-out which is all kinds of awesome and dangerous as I will be ordering from them most likely on a weekly basis.The owner is so nice and the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Love the vegetable dumplings and the spicy eggplant.Happen to get to meet with the owner and decided he was such a great guy and his wife I tried the shrimp fried rice.. gave some to my lady and we both thought why we would ever go any where else the food was fantastic. I will return to Thai foods are really great dishes to try.... and don't just take my opinion stop by and try it out.What a delight! This cute little BYOB seems quite out of place on a NE Philly block primarily containing hair salons and bars. The decor was classy and modern, and the food was by far the best Thai I've sampled in a long time. I had the vegetable soup and the mango curry, my husband had the spicy seafood soup and the drunken noodle. Dee-lish-us!! A combination of great flavors and spices in each of our dishes. We were only sorry we hadn't found this gem sooner. Our server was friendly and attentive; and the portions and pricing were what we would expect at any finer restaurant. We can't wait to tell our friends!This is a great local Thai spot! It's def a competitor of Thai chef noodle fusion. The food was delicious and the atmosphere as well. We ordered the steamed veg dumpling which were amazing (5/5) and the pad thai both chicken and tofu were well made also (4/5). Parking is a bit toughA nice byob ..food was great ..service was friendly and fast. Small and quaint restaurant.We were in from out town and saw the great reviews on this restaurant. It did not disappoint. We had the spring rolls, pad Thai and chicken in basil sauce. Everything was absolutely delish. Atmosphere is quaint and byob.Amazing food.  I went with a large group of people and we ordered almost everything on the menu.  We enjoyed everything. I highly recommend this place.Don't know why this place is empty! Food is delicious, service is wonderful. Restaurant is clean and inviting. Definitely suggest trying it out.We tried to go to another popular Thai place, but couldn't get a reservation (this is the second time we've tried to get in there and couldn't), and I found House of Thai on Yelp. It. Was. So. Good! We had Thai dumplings as an appetizer which were delicious and a mix of sweet and spicy also with a lot of garlic. For dinner I had chicken pad see ew and it was so good. The noodles tasted really fresh and were the perfect texture. The broccoli was really crispy and the sauce was delicious-- not too sweet and just a bit spicy. My boyfriend had drunken noodles with beef and loved it. We had all that for $30! 
I have to be honest that I didn't have huge expectations but House of Thai was great. The service was quick and very friendly and the place was really clean. They could definitely use a little decor, but I will definitely come back again.Our experience was amazing! We were a party of 9. Our waiter was so kind and attentive, the food was exquisite, and they have the best Thai iced tea I've ever had. Not to mention, everything came out in a timely manor. We would all LOVE to return.Love this place! Great byob with awesome food!
Their lunch special is perfect, even if you prefer a glass of wine for lunch. Never too early :)My fav Thai restaurant in NE Philly. A center city atmosphere in the great NE. I highly recommend! We love their calimari (not breaded) and I LOVE their red curry.Their food is so good and the currys are delicious. It is a little pricey for the portions they offer compared to other Thai restaurants I've went to, but overall it's wonderfulI love this place! Great thai place near northeast area. I enjoyed the papaya salad , squid salad(best i ever had) and drunken noddles.  I wish we can order lunch special to go!!!Wonderful staff, wonderful food, wonderful little oasis in the chasm of idiocy and depravity that is Mayfair.Cozy decor. EXCELLENT service, great food, and fantastic prices. Most entrees range from 9.95 to 13.95 depending on if you want meat or not. I have been to a few other Thai restaurants in the Philadelphia area (Banana Leaf, Erewan) and House of Thai is probably my favorite. What it lacks in cultural vibe it more than makes up for in stellar service and great food! The Pad Thai is, as always, delicious!Excellent Thai food place in northeast Philadelphia lunch special deal 12-2pm is amazing three courses for under $10.
I have the pad Thai mm mmm goodThe best Thai cuisine I've had in town. The environment is elegant and comfortable. The food is delicious and authentic. The fried calamari is a must-have item, it's so fresh and tender!!! Will like to try other items next time.Hubby, BFF and I went to House of Thai last night for dinner. We got there around 8 o'clock, and it was pretty slow. I mean, only one other table seated SLOW. This was not my first time here, and it's very sad to me that it's never crowded when I come in. Mostly because the food here is fantastic (and for a great price!) and I will be so sad if they go out of business.
To start, BFF and I both got the Coconut Chicken Soup and Hubby got the dumplings. The soup was really excellent. Lots of complexity in the broth while still remaining nice and delicate. The dumplings were also very well-balanced, not too sweet, subtly spicy and very rich & flavorful. I also had a Thai iced tea and they had Thai iced coffees, both delicious.
For entrees we all had the Pad Thai- shrimp for BFF and I, steak for hubby. Both were super tasty. I love a peanut sauce that is not trying have so much in-your-face peanut butter flavor, but rather a balanced, flavorful sauce. This was certainly the latter. I probably won't get the shrimp again, as it was quite overcooked for me.
All in all, the ambiance was nice, the service was good and we really enjoyed our meal. 
Bonus: They offer take-out AND they deliver. Not that I don't love all the great pizza and cheesesteak delivery options of the Mayfair/Holmesburg area, but it's fantastic to have a Thai option as well. Also, if you eat in you can BYOB. This place has got it all. Try it, and you'll love it as much as I do, and you'll help a neighborhood gem stay in business.
They accept all major credit cards except for AMEX.Went here with a few friends on a week night. It was a hidden gem! The atmosphere looked like fine dinning. Food was delicious and at a reasonable price with good portions. Plus its BYOB!! I have a peanut and soy allergy making it hard to eat thai food because almost everything has peanuts.. but the waiter made sure all the food I ordered didn't have any of it which I greatly appreciate.Great food. This restaurant has a downtown feel but is in the northeast. Every time I've been here the place is empty so must not get a lot of customers.Beautiful. Delicious. Reasonably priced. Great service. Drunken noodles amazing delicious. Phillys best kept secret!!This place has unbelievably authentic, amazing Thai food in the most unexpected spot. I've had their pad-see-ew, pad kee mao (drunken noodles), fried calamari, crispy duck, lemongrass soup, their salads, fried banana, fried ice cream, sweet sticky rice, mango curry and green curry. All amazing! The server is always so attentive and polite, and the place is so quaint, immaculate and clean. Wonderful little BYOB restaurant. 
Tip: This place has a great lunch menu, for about $10 you get 3 courses including soup/salad with entree. 
I've eaten here consistently and used to be a regular here until I moved (the owner is probably wondering why I haven't stepped in to the restaurant lately... it's because I moved! Sorry! ^_^ Hope to be back soon again!)Beautiful little spot with amazing Thai food! Great vegetarian options. I've had the drunken noodles and several curries- all delicious! You can't go wrong with whatever is on the menu, really.If I want half decent Thai food, I immediately assume that we will have to drive into the center of Philadelphia; however this was a pleasant surprise. Within the Northeast area of the city, this Thai food competes well with some of the great Thai food I had in the city. Moreover, the prices are very reasonable in the opinion of this graduate student. Hit it up!First time here my wife took me here for my birthday dinner and its a great place, very clean and the food is amazing..
I have been to Thailand before and it's a great taste of food.. I also tried the spring rolls and the fried pork so amazing in taste.. I can't wait to go again..Great service and delicious food. The Thai salad with peanut dressing was yummy. Pineapple chicken fried rice was awesome.  Dumplings were good too. Tilapia was perfect.  Will definitely go again Soon.Really great. I have dined in and gotten take out and both times the food was wonderful. Mango salad and Pad Se Ew are highly recommended. Dining room is tiny, clean. Service was good. So happy to have a nice thai place basically around the corner.This place was SO GOOD! Went in for lunch, entree came with soup and salad. Bill came to around 15.00 a person! Great spot! So fresh and tasty!!!Being a out of towner and coming across this place on Yelp, was heaven sent. The place is quaint and cute. The food amazing. I tried the coconut curry soup as well as the basil fried rice with shrimp and chicken. Perfection. 
I've sent several coworkers to the place and they have the same sentiment. 
Definitely recommend this place.House of Thai! I visited this location with my friend who highly recommended  this restaurant because of their lunch special where you can get an app, salad/soup, and an entree for 10 bucks. 
On the surface, the restaurant's decor is beautiful, but it doesn't really match the theme of an Asian restaurant... More like an American restaurant. 
Also the food seemed to be highly salty/sweet. Thai food usually is heavily spiced but I felt like the food was highly salty. The service was nice and food came out quickly. 
But honestly I prefer erawan in Chinatown Philadelphia!This is a great local Thai spot! It's def a competitor of Thai chef noodle fusion. The food was delicious and the atmosphere as well. We ordered the steamed veg dumpling which were amazing (5/5) and the pad thai both chicken and tofu were well made also (4/5). Parking is a bit toughSeriously delicious food! From Spring rolls, coconut chicken soup to sticky mango rice for dessert amazing and fresh food!We went here today for an early dinner. We were lucky to get a parking spot right out front. This restaurant is small, but classy. Linen napkins, nice ambience. We ordered spring rolls and steamed dumplings for our appetizers. These dishes came out quickly! The spring rolls were my favorite. Crispy and flaky on the outside - a minced vegetable filling. So good! The dumplings were okay, I prefer a toasted outside, but you won't get that if they're steamed.  My boyfriend ordered the Pad Se Ew, stir fried flat egg noodles tossed with egg and broccoli. He added beef. He didn't like this, thinking it bland. He is hard to please though.  I had the Drunken Noodles with shrimp. Tasty! Flat noodles tossed with egg, basil leaves, onions, carrots, etc. I could taste lemongrass and other flavors. 
Everything was fresh and delicious. Cheap too. All this was only $36.00+ tip. Will be backVegetable soup is awesome. Followed up by a fabulous spring roll and beef with garlic for the main course.  Everything was excellent. All for $9.95 
I'll be back many times.  Empty at lunch but because of the area.  Get here if you can.I like the spring roll also had the the shrimp salad was great,my sister had the spicy egg plant not a fan of vegetables, but I actually ate some of her vegetables..Lunch menu looks great. My uncle and I came here for lunch. Of course I checked the Yelp reviews in the area and we were in the mood for Thai. The services was outstanding and the menu was diverse without being over bearing in price. Definitely a sweet find and will return when in town.My boyfriend and I ordered from here for the first time. We got chicken fried rice , drunken noodles with shrimp and pad Thai w chicken. The drunken noodles were really good! Not as spicy as other reviews made it out to be. It's a good level of spicy (still enjoy the food). The fried rice was also really good. I wasn't too big a fan of the pad Thai. Maybe the basil was just not for me. Other that that, cute placeAwesome food. We had the thai iced tea (so good),vegetable dumplings, vegetarian spring rolls, and shared a red curry with vegetables. We enjoyed our meal and the place is nice and quiet.I think this is the best Thai in the Philly area.
I've searched high and low all over center city for delicious drunken noodles... and FINALLY found House of Thai Cuisine!
Always fresh ingredients, big portions, super friendly service, AND it's a BYO.
A perfect place for date night or a meal with friends.  If you love Thai food-- definitely check out this place!A hidden gem. For the quality and taste of the food they serve, this place deserves more customers!!! It is almost always empty when I come here, both at lunch and dinner. I see people ordering take-out, but I do hope that more people will come out to dine here. I would hate to see this place go! The location is very unassuming, but once you enter the restaurant it is like you've walked into another world. The high ceiling, candles, fresh flowers, decor, jazz/classical music, and fancy napkins give the restaurant a really elegant, classy feel. 
Hands down, my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. Lunch includes your choice of soup (chicken lemongrass or vegetable soup), one appetizer (vegetable spring roll, salad with peanut dressing, or fried tofu), and one main entree for a total of about $10, which is a GREAT value. Dinner is always enjoyable and reasonably priced. Thai iced tea is delicious and not overwhelmingly sweet. I highly recommend the vegetable dumpings, chicken curry puffs, spring rolls as appetizers. The honey duck is scrumptious. But, the garlic duck is even more yummy. Crispy and well seasoned. The drunken noodle is one of the best I've had in Philly. The mango curry's spiciness is just right and it has nice, big chunks of mango in it. The pineapple fried rice was flavorful, moist, and nicely sweetened. The mango sticky rice dessert is really good too!
None of the dishes I've tried here disappointed me. Super clean, super service, super delicious food. Everything super, super, super.House of thai is a awesome resturant located in the NE section of philadelphia. During a late night crave for some chicken pad thai I had the pleasure  to stop by this resturant. What I can say is the chicken pad thai was a bit too saucy but overall it was delicious!!! The owner and workers are very friendly and offered great great customer service! I would definitely recommend this place if you also have a late night crave for some chicken pad thai. :)This place is almost like a well-kept secret in the NE.  It's a nice little place with great food and service.  It's definitely a great spot for date night, especially when you don't want to go into Center City, but want that posh, intimate setting. And it's BYOB!Ok, so if you've read my profile you'd know that I really like Thai food. And if you wondered how come I don't have a review for a good Thai restaurant, I'll admit that I wanted to keep it a secret. But since the secret is out I might as well endorse their food. It is yummy with good sized portions and service that is attentive and polite. 
Coconut Chicken soup which was nicely flavored between the coconut and the lemon grass. The Pad Thai was great and the Pad-se-Ew was wonderful as well as the Panaeng Curry. Portions were nice size and prices were reasonable.
Recommended!A real definite gem. 
This place has some serious lips-licking, scrumptious thai food. It's located in such an odd neighborhood for the type of place it is. Most of the businesses in this hood are bars and fried chicken takeouts. 
The decor was surprising trendy. Napkins were even nicely trifolded. 
But this place is definitely as good as Circles and Erawan. My friend and I ate here on a nice Saturday afternoon for a good hour....by ourselves! The only other customer that came in.....used the restroom only. LOL. So of course we both were getting a tad worried as we waited for our food to come. We ordered the pad thai and drunken noodles. But yeah...mmm-mmm yummm! BBQ chicken satay did not disappoint as well.
Oh yeah, this thai house is BYOB. Most awesome part? There's a wine and spirit right across the street. 
Prices were very reasonable for typical pad thai/drunken noodles.
This place needs more reviews!This restaurant needs more people to know about it than my five star review cause it already got great reviews from many others. 
Just visited this restaurant for the first time and I agree with others, it has been a great experience. We ordered the lemongrass soup, mango salad for appetizer, both were pretty good except I regretted not asking extra spicy. Entree we ordered pad thai, pineapple fried rice and green curry duck. The Pad Thai taste is authentic though the noodle was a bit too soft. The pineapple fried rice was great and again, should have asked for more spicy. The curry duck was exceptional! Duck was deep fried but still moist, the only bad thing about the green curry is I wish there were more! Ended the night with mango sticky rice, very authentic and they added crispies which was a nice touch!
Environment was modern and cozy, and BYOB! Though it wasn't very busy for Saturday night, really wish this establishment is here to stay!There aren't many good Thai places left in the city and this one is definintely a keeper!!!!! The food is consistently good. The service is always wonderful. If you're looking for (real) Thai in the Northeast not some Chinese/Japanese/Thai fusion mess-LOOK NO FURTHER. Let's not forget that it's also BYOB with a liquor store across the street? It doesn't get better than that!!Horrible horrible horrible service. Went to try it out a couple of days ago. It was a long drive back from the KOP area with more traffic than normal because of the rain. We arrived a little before 9pm and we made sure they were opened on Yelp. When we arrived the Open sign was still flashing and the sign by the door said they're closed at 9:30pm. There was still people at several tables so we figure they were still serving. We asked for change for the dollar so we can put money in the meter. The guy basically told us we don't have to because they're closed. His tone had the I don't really care about what you think attitude. My other two guests and I were taken aback because we were still half an hour before closing. I used to work in a restaurant and we still serve the guest as long as they're seated before closing time. I was prepared to spend $100+ for the meal because we all love Thai food. I also tend to order extra when trying out a new location and also because I was really hungry. 
TLDR; closed half an hour before their posted closing time with guests still eating at the table. Also rude when they said they're closed and didn't even explain why they decided to close so early.5 Star. Food is like Thai. I have been to many restaurant and finally found a winner. No need to look any further. I drive up From DELAWARE and it was worth every penny.Went to House of Thai with my wife for lunch. I had to send the chicken pad Thai back because it had a weird taste and smell to it. They replaced my chicken pad Thai with drunken chicken noodles it was good until I found a bug in it.Went for lunch, place is pretty inside and clean, food was very good, will be going againFrom the red or green curry to the pad thai or chef specials everything is authentic and wonderfully spicy. Also I recommend trying their thai tea, especially if you need a caffeine boost! Delicious food, just a little bit pricey compared to other places. Maybe if they up the portions or had more specials I could afford to eat here more regularly.I random on YELP forThai restaurant at lunch time while my husband and I went to PA for some business one day.  It turns out that we had a good choice ... as soon as we walked in .. we received a warm and smile welcome from the waitress. I don't expect much from the flavor of authentic Thai food because some ingredients are hard to find here and I am Thai so I know authentic Thai food very well.  We decided to have the lunch set .. and we both started with Chicken Lemongrass Soup .. it was so good .. beyond my expectation for the flavor... The Appetizer for me was Fried Tofu while my husband had Vegetarian Spring Roll .. it was ok. My Entree Lunch set was Pad See Ew - Fried Pork with flat noodle and Broccoli ..even it does not have a strong flavor but it was good enough.. its taste was mild mix with some spice in the dish. My husband chose Crispy Duck with rice ... of course I tried his. The duck was so crispy and delicious. Even though it was not the best Thai food I have tried in the US, dishes here are worth to spend ...  The only one thing that frustrated us was no parking lot of their own. We have to pay for parking on the street and ended up with fine $26 because 45 min not enough for lunch and enjoy the food ha ha ha ..... if you visit House of Thai Cuisine .. I recommended Chicken Lemongrass soup and Crispy Duck .. You will love them :)Best thai food I've had. 
I've been looking for a good Thai place in Philly since I moved back from New York..and my girlfriend and I decided to give House of Thai a try.  The restaurant is very nice inside; comfortable and bright.  On the night we went we were literally the only people in there which made us skeptical at first.  The person serving us was very nice and he was always there if we needed a refill.
I ordered the chicken Massaman curry and my girlfriend got the veggie drunken noodle.  The portions were pretty big for the price (mine was $10.95, hers was about $9).  The curry was some of the best curry I've had...the chicken was perfectly cooked white meat, the curry itself was sweet and not too watery or oily at all.  They use pineapple chunks and what I think was sweet potato!  It was just plain DELICIOUS!  Only thing I thought was missing from the curry was peanuts (whenever I order this elsewhere it has peanuts).  But everything else made up for that completely.
My girlfriends' drunken noodle was just as good!  The noodles were not mushy, the sauce was perfectly seasoned, the veggies were fresh.  Oh and we shared some veggie spring rolls which were crispy and yummy!
We will definitely be back there. Honestly, I wish they'd deliver to me whenever I wanted thai...Thank you YELPERS!  I was praying there was a good Thai restaurant in the northeast and you led me to one.  Stopped in here for lunch with mom last week and what a wonderful meal.  We wanted to share the lunch special, so we could try a few additional appetizers.  Our server was so accommodating and did not even question our request.  We shared the fried calamari, which was so amazingly delicious I had to fight mom for the plate.  We then had the chicken lemongrass soup, Thai salad and the red curry with pork - all were tasty and beautifully plated.  The bill was around $30 for two and we happily paid excited about what we would try on our next visit.Good food! I got the vegetable pad Thai and vegetable spring role. Love the tofu options.  Nice environment.This place is the definition of hidden gem. Who knew there would be good Thai food in the middle of Northeast Philly? I love Thai food, so I was skeptical walking into this restaurant. But man, did I LOVE the food here. We enjoyed everything we ate, so I don't think you can go wrong with any of the menu items. Try the papaya salad if you can! We will be back.It's just us and the cooks. I should get fast service
Well,well, the service was very fast I may say since we were the only ones there.lol
I had the Spring Rolls and they were delish..... Then the pineapple fried rice with chicken and pork and it was very good. The prices were also very good and it is BYOB. sweet...... I give them 4 out 5 for now. I'll be back sometime this month for something different to make sure they are the real thing.The food was very good. It's good to know I have a nice Thai restaurant close to home.Came here because of the good reviews. It was  definitely good but not the best Thai food I've ever had. It's a cozy place with clean, fresh decor. The Thai iced tea did not disappoint. The spring roll that comes with the lunch appetizer was really tiny. I had the drunken noodles with chicken, extra spicy. They were filling and delicious but as said before, not the best in the city. My friend had the drunken noodles with beef, and there wasn't any flavor in the meat. I would recommend this place if you are looking for a little escape during the work day, but not necessarily as a night out dinner with a large group of people.House of Thai Cuisine has the BEST Thai food that I have had in a long time and the service was great as well.This Thai restaurant is an absolute gem in this neighborhood; I hope people continue to support it and tell others to keep it alive. The owner is a local NE Philly person so it would be a real shame otherwise.
The 3 course lunch special of soup, starter and main for a cheap $10 is too good to be true. The soups are ok, the veggie papaya salad has this amazing peanut salad sauce, and the mains are very filling. They do pride themselves on their noodles and the Drunken Noodle which has basil as a special flavoring seems to be the local favorite. But I think it's ok and not my fav on the basis that the basil taste needs to be more spread evenly throughout the dish and not sparse. Don't hide the highlight ingredient! I do enjoy their Pad Thai noodle and like this the most. I skip the fried rice stuff just bc I don't care for it but do give their green curry a try.
The decor/ambiance: It is totally out of place to this neighborhood. Inside it's serene, well kept, clean with modern updates. Outside and most of the other establishments in this neighborhood are a bit scrawny/not updated for a while.
The service is polite, polished and attentive. It's a one man show but since the place is not big, you make do and understand. But I haven't seen this place packed to the max. Sadly I wish I could so that this business will have a higher chance of staying on!
I will definitely use this place for take out comfort noodle food going forward vs the other Asian/Chinese cuisines. They no longer do deliveries but it's centrally located on Cottman so not a problem. Last note: Call before you go during the big public holidays.This place is a very good Thai place, but very small.  Make a reservation no matter what night you go.  I tried the following: Shrimp Lemon Grass Soup (spicy), Curry puff,  Golden bag, Steamed Dumplings and Drunken noodle.  All of it was excellent, fresh and top notch.  I added extra hot sauce to everything.  Also this place is BYOB, and there is a liquor store across the street.Dined here last weekend for the first time and greatly enjoyed the experience.  Party of four ordered five different appetizers/salads/soups and four different entrees.  All dishes were well prepared and presented.  Definitely worth a second visit when in NE Philadelphia!Gem of the neighborhood, please try this place! The steamed vegetable dumplings were delicious. Try anything with the yummy peanut sauce.  I had the satay and it was very good. The presentation of the entree was beautiful as well. Service was impeccable.  BYOB and the wine and spirits is right across the street.  I will definitely go back often.This is your best bet for Thai food in the northeast. Boo genuinely values the people who come in the door and at this point I consider him more of a friend than a business owner. He genuinely cares about your experience and will go WAY out of his way to make certain it's great.
I cant say enough good about this establishment. Just go try it! I recommend you eat in, as the presentation and attention to detail is somewhat lost on carryout orders. It's not their fault, it's hard to pack that kind of beauty into a plastic container!A tasty find! We happen to spot this place and give it a try one night on a whim and what luck. When you enter the place you feel like your in a fine dinning restaurant in center city. The waiter is prompt and very personable. Quick to refill drinks and bring your food. And the food...WOW fantastic Thai food! Very well priced. I just realized they have take out and delivery as well. If you get their take out menu it has a 10% off dine in coupon attached. The must try gem of Mayfair!Wow! Such a pleasant surprise. A great modern looking restaurant in the Mayfair! I am always skeptical about the quality of restaurants that are in the Northeast. So many are adequate and make "okay" food that always leaves me disappointed.  Not the case here. 
The coconut chicken soup was amazing, as was the spicy eggplant. Dessert was a wonton fried banana that was so flavorful. 
We will definitely return to House of Thai.Great food. Pineapple fried rice with beef was amazing. First time here but I will come back soon.This place is a nice little place with some authentic thai. Seafood soup is good reminds of my time chiang mai. Well maybe not that good but close. Also vegetable dumplings yum.Our group of four went there for the late dinner on St. Patrick day. We decided to drive all the way from the Center City to try this restaurant. Per my understanding, it has just been opened for only a few months. 
We started with Golden Shrimp, Papaya Salad and Mango Salad. The golden shrimp and papaya salad were just average but the Mango Salad was EXCELLENT! Panang Salmon was perfectly cooked and served with a cute carrot flower.  
Broken Sea and Spicy Eggplant were great and we ate everything on the plate. 
Reasonable prices, Friendly service, Beautiful atmosphere and Excellent food. 
One more thing -- This restaurant is BYOB and there is a big liquor store right across the street. Such a perfect combination!
I gave them only four stars because it's quiet far from my home. It will be top on my list if it is conveniently located in the center city area.I didn't know Northeast Philly could have such a cute and classy restaurant! It's a little gem in the hustle and bustle, and the food was AMAZING. For appetizers, we had the Golden Bag and Curry Puffs. Both came with good sauces and were very tasty. For entrees, we had drunken noodles - one beef, the other chicken - and a panang curry. They were all really delicious! The quality was like something you'd find in Center City. We will definitely be back!!! (P.S. their lunch specials are super cheap!)Best Drunken Noodle in the city.  The place is gorgeous inside, fancy and very clean.  Service is great.  I have never had anything but a wonderful meal here.  So glad they are in the Northeast.House of Thai is little known treasure in our neighborhood. 
Their food is very tasty, service is on-point, and prices are reasonable. The restaurant does not serve alcohol, but it's BYOB friendly, and there is a state store almost directly across the street. The dining area is on the small side but has nice clean modern decor. Dine-in service has just the right amount of attentiveness and I've never felt rushed. 
Take-out orders match the quality and portions of the dine-in dinners. We LOVE this place!This is so far the best Thai cuisine I have come across. The food is simply delicious and I have to say "delicate." It is a small restaurant with only 1-2 servers so you may want to make reservations and it takes sometimes to get the food. BUT the wait is absolutely worthy! The place itself is clean, very cozy and romantic - perfecto for a couple's date. The location may look off since it is a big and busy street with heavy traffic. To establish and maintain such a delicate place and service in Philadelphia, the owners and employers of the restaurant must be dedicated people.Very good food. Very nice place/atmosphere given the location. Losing a star for painfully slow service.Very good Thai food. Taste was authentic, the dishes are generous... I couldn't finish my lunch. I would definitely recommend this place and planning to come back.Great chill atmosphere. Food is delish, prices high for its location but I think it's worth it for  the quality. The service is done by the owners I believe so it feels quaint and not rushed. Love this byob close to homeGreat service and great food, the food doesn't leave you feeling heavy and it's fresh. Haven't had any bad experiences here!Beware,  Please make sure to call in before you arrive at the restaurant. Working hours of the restaurant are based on the convenience of the owners. We arrived 45 minutes before the posted closing time, but were kicked out saying they close early today without a reason. When i questioned the posted closing time, they offered take out but not dining in the restaurant.I ordered over the phone for pick up and when I got there the place was completely empty. I ordered the shrimp and mango curry, with the tip I ended paying up $18, when I got home I wasnt very impressed with my dish, a lot of broth but just a few pieces of mango, 5 medium sized shrimp and sticky rice.
Im going to give it another chance to impress me.House of Thai is such a gem in Northeast Philadelphia.  The portions are satisfactory but can be a bit pricy if you're used to shelling out $5 for a lunch special. Plan on spending $20 per person here especially if you're going for appetizers and dessert. My favorite thing on the menu is the crispy duck salad which at $8.95 is reasonably priced and so delicious. The duck is shatteringly crisp and the spicy lime dressing is sweet and refreshing. Their tom kha gai or chicken coconut soup is a bit more on the sour side than I'm used to but still lovely and full of mushrooms, cabbage, and chicken. My girlfriend gets the red curry every time and it's very appropriately spiced for the neighborhood. What we love love love about House of Thai is their off the menu mango sticky rice. The mango is always super ripe and the sweet sticky rice with the sweet and salty coconut sauce topped with the roasted mung beans is just to die for. This is our go-to treat ourselves dinner spot and hopefully it will be around for a long long time!FANTASTIC little Thai place in the heart of Mayfair.  I'm right in the neighborhood, but only gave it a try recently.  I could kick myself for not trying it out sooner. 
Stopped by on a Sunday night with the girlfriend, she and I both had curry dishes with shrimp, and they were as good as any I've had anywhere.  The lemongrass soup was wonderful, and the fried tofu appetizer was addictive. The dining room is spotless, the service was warm, attentive and friendly, and there's a liquor store right across the street if you forget it's a BYOB.   So good I ordered online the following week, and that was seamless too.  Can't say enough good things.  Go.It very bad service. They're not responsible about businesses hours . so rude. I don't know how long this business can stay on ? Don't keep them tips . They are rich ....they don't need our tips .Stopped in after a late hockey game. The satay was not exactly what I was expecting and I would pass on my next visit. The duck salad is out of this world. I would jump off 95 just for that.gave it a try after seeing on grub hub, great place for take out.  We will probably eat in next time and byob. Everything was really tasty, loved the dumplings and spring rolls.I had very high expectations due to such high ratings but yelp has disappointed me once again. I ordered the papaya salad, chicken pad thai, and masaman(i think) curry. Papaya salad had this weird bitterness to it and was not as good as previous ones i've had before. Pad thai was sour and not at all what i was hoping for it to be. Curry was okay. Service was slow and overall, I wouldn't come back here again.Used to love this place, but the last order of Penang curry I got was about half the portion I previously. It barely had any vegetables- just some red pepper pieces and peas (never had peas in it before- felt like a filler). Additionally they were out of all salads... So disappointed.Was here on a Tuesday. Tucked away in the middle of the block off of Frankford Avenue is a wonderful Thai restaurant.  We sat down early to an empty room but soon the room was filled.   The recommended dish (we came here with friends who are regulars here), was the duck, which they  prepare here in a unique way that ends up with a very very crispy and non-fatty portion.  I was going to have it with the garlic sauce (its offered in 4 styles) but on the recommendation of my dinner mates I had it with a sweet sauce as they ordered.  It was an excellent choice.  Even my wife, who is not a duck fan had a taste and agreed it was really good.  Incidentally, she had a tofu in a garlic sauce which was also top notch.  The prices are very reasonable and its BYOB too.  I am looking forward to a return visit.Food very good. I fall in love with panang curry fried rice. Great service and price is good. Byob tooPretty solid Thai spot. Was looking for a quick lunch spot while me and a friend was visiting north Philly and happened to find this place via yelp. Went at lunch time and it was empty. Nice contemporary inside- clean. Lunch menu is basically 10 bucks for 1 choice of 2 soups, choice between 3 appetizers and choice of entree. I had the shrimp pad Thai and my friend had basil friend rice which was good. Lemongrass Soup was salty to me and Thai salad with peanut dressing was good, parking is metered in front/ a buck for an hrThe perfect little gem on Cottman Ave! My family and I love this spot. Everything I've had so far is simply delicious!Decent Thai food in the NE Philly area. Haven't had the chance to eat in yet but ordered out for lunch and the food was delicious. I had the red curry with tofu and my coworker had the green curry with chicken. Both dishes were flavorful and had the right amount of spice. The restaurant itself is very quaint and had a nice ambiance. Good date spot. The location is a little sketchy though.Went there for dinner tonight with my friend and the food is great.  Just as the previous reviews we had read, this place is a gem!  Everything was well flavored and delicious. We loved the coconut chicken soup, drunken noodles, masaman curry and fried ice cream.  We will definitely be back for more!To keep it quite simlle, I love the quality of the dishes prepared here. Great flavors, well executed!Had a great birthday dinner here today.  Four main courses and all were delicious. Also the Siam soup and Thai dumplings were great too. Quiet and lovely place to dine.Cozy and modern with delicious food. The drunken noodles are a must try and dont miss the thai dumplings as an appetizer.The best thai restaurant in the area. I love their paw see you flat noodle dish. If you like curries then you should try this place their curry dishes are amazing.We really enjoyed our first visit last night as I believe they recently reopened (formally Koa Tip)after there remodeling,which by the way,they did a great job the place looks real nice.
I started with the coconut chicken soup,very good, then the Siam Chicken also very good, crispy chicken pieces served over broccoli and string beans w/peanut sauce, great presentation also.My wife had the crazy noodle,dirty noodle or something like that w/shrimp and was very happy with her choice, delicious! Service was good,food great, cozy BYOB. This will be a regular stop for us now,hope there able to stick around a while for everyone to enjoy.Decent Thai food. A good go-to for take out in the Mayfair area.This place is great. What a great find in Mayfair! I was not expecting to find such a great Thai place in the NE, but I was very pleasantly surprised. Definitely worth checking out!Great lunch special. Pad se eew was really great and the service as well. Nice atmosphere and music.What a lovely place. Small and intimate. Great food. Great prices. One of our most favorite places to go. And BYOB helps to keep the price down. Really nice owner. Highly recommend.All around great Thai food and friendly low key atmosphere...attentive and kind servers and some interesting apps with classic American Thai dishes - great job!This gem of the Northeast is a very under appreciated restaurant.  Don't let the exterior fool you. Walk in and you'll quickly discover a quality eating establishment. The decor is very appealing and lends itself to the intimate byob atmosphere. The food is very good. It's not the best Thai I've ever had, but for its price, location and setting it's my go to for thai in the northeast.Awkward location for such a elegant restaurant. Don't let the location fool you. This place is awesome! We had to choose a last minute spot for my boyfriends birthday dinner and we decided to choose here. I wasn't surprised we were pretty much the only diners in the restaurant but the staff didn't make us feel awkward or rushed to leave. The vegetable dumplings were amazing and they didn't skimp out on the fillings. The green curry had the perfect flavor. They had brown rice as option. Everyone else loved their entrees with no complaints. Our server was also very helpful on what entrees to choose from. What makes this place even more amazing is the price is very reasonable. I prefer this place over many of the spots around the city. Yay for great northeast thai dining!
Update: this place is amazing! They can omit fish sauce in any of their sauces they use since it's in most of it.This is one of my favourite restaurants in the area. I'm a creature of habit so I get the drunken noodles with chicken/beef which is so delicious! The service is always great & if you have time to go during the week, there is a great $10 lunch special for people who dine-in that I highly reccommend.So happy to find Thai is the northeast! Went there a few times to dine in and the food was great. The waiter was very attentive each time. It's never been busy when I was there which is disappointing since I really hope they make it! I would recommend.This place is soooo delicious! So far every course has been amazing! Please give it a try! It's BYOB, the service is perfect, it's reasonably priced and the food is yummy!Fianc and I were really happy with our meal here - drunken noodles, duck salad, and green curry were all delicious. Have had my fair share of Thai and this is the best I've had in the city. It's BYOB and we brought a bottle of white wine which they put on ice for us. Service was impeccable and the ambiance was romantic. Will definitely be back again.Went here with friends first, and then had to come back with my husband.  The food is incredible!  It's about a 40 minute ride from our house, but worth every minute (plus gas money).  Portions are quite generous, and everything I've tried so far has been exceptional.  
I definitely agree with everyone else who wrote about the service as well.  It's just one very charming gentleman who is always on top of everything.  The room is quaint, and nicely decorated.  
All in all, I intend to return as often as I can.It was late night cravings and this place delivered!! We had to order for takeout because it was late but the food was not disappointing. Everything we ordered was delicious. The portion of food could be a little better because it was too little for me. We also ordered the Thai ice tea which was a little sweet but tasty! Can't wait for my next Thai food cravings!Thank goodness there are so many reviews! I fear always I will go one day and they will be closed as I never see many people in there. If you like Thai food or want to try it for the first time, come here!!! $10 3 course lunch special. Reasonable dinner prices. Lemongrass soup is fantastic, salad with the peanut dressing as well and the pad Thai delectable! Last visit we got adventurous (bestie accompanied me and my girls, 9 & 12) because no lie we all order the same dish every time. I tried drunken noodle. It was just OK. I liked the amount of kick but it didn't compare to my pad Thai. My 12 year old got a veggie dish with rice, she ate all the veggies she liked and left the rest lol. The Little got veggie pad Thai with tofu. Bestie stayed tried and true and even let me steal a little of hers. Yes it's small but beautiful. Service will be tough if he ever does get a lot of ppl in there at once but since it doesn't seem to happen one waiter works for now. Please keep this place alive!!I've never actually eaten in here -- we always get take-out. The food is awesome and the owner/staff is really nice. 
I felt compelled to write a review because the last time I was there, I went to pick up the food and it wasn't ready yet. Although my husband was waiting in the car with my screaming kids, I didn't say anything about the food not being ready. I just sat down and waited. It didn't take that much longer, maybe 10 minutes, but when the owner brought me the food, he also gave me a free Thai iced tea. It was a really nice gesture to make, especially since he had no idea what my situation was. I mean, I could have been complaining about the wait and he could have given me something free to satisfy me -- but instead it was like he was aware of his customers without me having to say anything. Does that make sense? He just seems to get that people don't like to wait, they don't like to complain, and they like free stuff. It seemed like a mark of good service. 
The only thing I would recommend for this place is more diversity with their curries. They all have eggplant in them... I already don't have a strong liking for eggplant and in a curry it gets way too soggy. 
Their papaya salad and drunken noodle are awesome! I get these things almost every time. So flippin' good.Great food! Got the veggie dumplings and they were great! Seasoned well and great taste! The drunken noodles with tofu were great also. Everything was seasoned well with a great kick to it! The tofu was surprisingly good too! This place is a hidden gem of MayfairGem of a neighborhood restaurant. Beautiful, clean decor, good service and fresh and delicious food! The massaman curry has sweet potatoes in it and it was delicious. Sweet rice and mango was fantasticI actually loved the food but for some reason it made me cough but my husband loved it. I would love to come back but I am afraid what ever spices used my be in other meals. The food was delicious I mean really OMG but I only gave 3 stars because I probably won't be back due to the allergic reaction I hadBest thai food iv ever had its always amazing and fresh and it has tons of flavor the service is always great the Restaurant is nice and cleanDelicious pad thai much closer to home than usual my favorite spot in University City. Parking can be hard to come by and the venue itself is pretty small with only half a dozen tables, but the food is consistently delicious and the atmosphere is cozy bordering on romantic. Whenever I'm not eating here I'll place my order to go as I make my way from work to home.It's a quaint little restaurant on a block full of bars and pizza shops. Definitely a gem in the midst. 
They serve delicious Thai food. Tried their curry salmon and their mango curry. Both were great! Will be back for sure. 
It is a small shop so seating might not be available right away. But they do do take out!This place is truly a hidden treasure. Although it's on Cottman ave, which is a major street, they're never crowded. I have been here about 3 times and the food is delicious every time. They're also BYOB, so bring a bottle of whatever you like to enjoy with your meal. They will uncork your wine and give you glasses, etc. for no extra charge. I don't live near here, but whenever I get the chance I visit.Amazing food, every time I have ordered from here I have never been displeased.  Ordered the spring rolls; deliciously crispy, Pad Thai with chicken; nice blend of sweet peanuts mixed in, my favorite Thai rice with chicken; a perfect dish that always is my go to.  Great place, staff, and atmosphereAwesome Thai food here! My bestie and I got the Drunken Noodles w/ Chicken & Shrimp and Chicken Fried Rice here - soooo delicious. Plenty of veggies, chicken and shrimp cooked to perfection! The staff is kind and very attentive to your needs. Definitely would recommend if you're ever in the area.This place offers very decent Thai food.  We started off with the soup and I enjoyed the coconut chicken soup.  The lemongrass soup, however, was a bit on the sweet side and was not served as piping hot as the coconut chicken.  TomYum is my usual starter soup, but they didn't have that on the menu! I would've thought that to be a staple at a Thai restaurant. 
The Pad Thai tastes pretty similar to that of Thailand.  It has a stronger hint of peanut than others pad thai dishes I've had, but I actually like that. The drunken noodle was also very flavorful, though I didn't see much basil in it. We also got the pineapple fried rice and green curry - fried rice was good but didn't taste much pineapple.  And the green curry was good as expected.  We requested all of the entrees to be spicy, and they pulled through. If spicy isn't your thing, be careful! Portions aren't huge, but they aren't tiny either.  But I guess that's to be expected of Thai.
Service is a bit slow. The restaurant is small, but there is only one server for the entire place.  Nice waiter, but probably a little more than he can handle? He did spill soup on my friend, but was extremely apologetic and when dessert time came, he did give him a free banana ice cream for the trouble.  Didn't even ask if we wanted it - he just brought it out. So that was nice. 
All in all, I would return.  Staff is nice, loved the pad Thai, and it was BYOB!  I would want to try the lunch special - seems like a good bargain.  But I probably won't make a trip specifically to eat here for awhile - the journey to try new authentic Thai food continues!I didn't even have a Yelp account before today, I signed up just to write a review about this place. I can't believe a resturant like this is located on Cottman and Frankford Ave! Great food. Their Mango Curry was excellent. I heard that the coconut soup was good. Their food is fresh, not greasy, and very tasty. Nice little Thai place in the heart of Northeast Philly. Take out and delivery is an added bonus! Go to here, you won't be disappointed!what a hidden gem... once you step inside you'd swear you were in nyc! The food is delicious and have been there many times!After a busy morning shopping I found this place thru yelp for a late lunch.  It was clean, quiet, relaxing.  The food was very fresh and tasty.  The price was very reasonable.