very very good!  i had the lamb kabob, morrocan cigars, and fried cauliflower.  all of it was delish.  good portions, and good prices.my favorite french fries in philadelphia!!! really friendly workers, very clean. i go there all the time and never get sick of itGreat spot. All the food is fresh and healthy with great flavor and great sauces. The pricing is very reasonable for the the serving sizes. Chicken shawarma is probably the most famous dish and it's excellent. Platters come with 3 sides and pita. Sandwiches are excellent and filling too. Great, healthy alternative to the over-priced salad place down the street. The owner is a good guy and loves giving samples of the new sauces he's working on. Going to start coming more often.Tried this place again and found it to be quite good.  Tasty falafel platter with good (yes, good!) hummus and other appealing side dishes.All I wanted was some veggies on pita. So I went to Hummus. And this was a mistake.
The girl working the counter seemed very nice and helpful. When it was my turn to order, I asked for just a veggie pita. She got a very confused look on her face and told me, "That's not on the menu..." So I asked for a hummus pita without the hummus. 
My order came up, and I proceeded to sit at one of their overly cramped tables. There was hummus on my pita. No big deal, I'll just ask them to fix it. I didn't think this would be an ordeal. I kindly told the girl that I had asked for no hummus. She told me that what I wanted wasn't on the menu, so I couldn't order it.
......... -.- what? You have veggies, you have pita? But I can't have a veggie pita? After I stared at her with a perplexed look, she finally agreed to make The Most Complicated Order of The Day. 
After my accomplishment, I sat down and ate my pita. It was very tasty, I'd give it a three. I also tried the fries which were great and gets a five. Service? I'd give a one. The girl just seemed like she was programmed to go by what's exactly on the menu. I know it's not Burger King where You Have it Your Way, but my order was not difficult at all.
I will give them a second chance though. But only because of the fries.I've only been to Hummus once so far. It was a welcome addition to my lunch rotation, as I work in the area. 
I settled for the Chicken Kabob Platter. The portions were ample, but I felt the chicken was a bit rubbery. 
The Falafel Sandwich looked like a better bet, and at only $8 it's cheap and will fill you up.
I wonder if the Rami Falafel truck down the street feels threatened by Hummus? We shall see.
Hummus is a lot larger inside than it looks, and is all new construction, I believe. It at least smells like it.
I had some Mango bottled drink there that I forget the name of. It was sweet and hit the spot. I recommend that for now.
The way it works is, you order the food and they bring it out to you on a tray. No wait staff.
The place does take out, and you can sit outside if you care to look at the construction going on as well as the homeless people sitting at the McDonald's next to it.Very decent and fulfilling Middle Eastern food. They have great catering as well. I love the cucumber/tomato/onion salad, falafel, lamb, and chicken. rice is really good as well as the pita. decent prices. 
i would highly recommend this place for any person who loves middle eastern food and is craving it.You definitely get your money's worth here and what you are getting is absolutely delicious.  It's a little hectic when its busy but overall great food and friendly staff.  It may be obvious by the name but the hummus is the best I've had.On our first visit, my friend and I both ordered the shawarma platter. It was amazingly terrible--trying to eat the chicken was like trying to methodically force wood chips down your throat. The rice and assorted vegetable sides were uninteresting, but at least they weren't a struggle to eat. The only redeeming part of the meal was the pita bread. 
Since then, I've returned a few times, masochistically ordering the shawarma platter again in hopes of being surprised with an edible meal. It's never been as bad as the first time, but if you're looking for Mediterranean, Greek Lady is just around the corner.This is one of my go-to places in University City. When I don't feel like spending a lot of money on some decent food. For $8, I get two meals worth of food.
I'm vegan, so all my experiences involve the hummus, roasted veggies, and falafel platters. The pitas are awesome - warm, soft, tasty. I always go for the whole wheat pitas. The sides are great too. 
I normally just get take-out but I've also had meals there with friends. The seating is a little bit tight, but it's not impossible to enjoy a meal there. 
The staff is really friendly and happy to answer any questions you have.Food arrived and was delicious. Opted for no pita with my online order but still received it no biggie. I would be apprehensive to order delivery again because the delivery guy (raif I believe) was very unprofessional and rude. He arrived to the hospital and I could have been anyone he handed me the food no words just a weird glare . I didn't know if I  needed to sign a paper because I paid via debit and he just walked off no good bye no here is your order..... Nothing no interaction. I would not be able to identify his voice in a lineup because I never heard it.  He just looked at me with a mean face and walked off. Also they tell you they're outside and don't give you time to get down there. If you work in a huge building like a hospital they need to understand your not standing by the door. Will order again but probably pick it up.Yes yes & YES! The falafel pita sandwich is to die for me & no I'm not exaggerating ! My vegetarian lovers this is the place to be! I've had it twice in one day because it's so amazing. The staff was friendly & efficient. 
I love the fact I can order online & it's ready when I arrive. This is perfect for someone with a short lunch break that way I utilize my time wisely before heading back to the office. Don't hesitate to try it out !Back in Philadelphia for a visit and had to visit Hummus.  I've been dreaming about and missing this place for 3 long years.  The quality of the food is only exceeded by the friendliness of the staff.  The shawarma platter was even better than I remembered....best hummus, pita and shawarma I have ever tasted..and believe me, I've been trying to find something that even comes close since we moved.  Special thanks to the gentleman that prepared my beautiful platter and so generously added a ton of olives, peppers and pickles, and to David for his special attention....and especially to Maurice....your kindness just made my trip....I'm still smiling.  I'll see you next year!!!!Falafel pita is good and large for the price ($6)! There are plenty of vegetables inside, the falafel is fresh and warm, and the tahini sauce has never gone wrong. I actually ask for a bit extra tahini. I think the only downside to the falafel sandwich is that it's so full that the pita usually breaks, and the sauce makes it a bit soggy at the bottom (fillings are unevenly distributed).
The portions here are really generous. I once ordered the hummus salad with lamb. There was a lot of lamb and the dollop of hummus was huge. Easily two meals except there wasn't much lettuce.I don't give five stars easily so when I do the place deserves it. Do note that Hummus Grill doesn't get five stars for one aspect - really nothing ever does ... its the perfectly balanced combination of service, portion size, price-point, quality that clinched it. 
Sort of a hole in the wall place with about 8 tables inside and 4 outside. Generally clean, ambience is low, metal tables, the idea is that you go in, stuff your face and get out ASAP.
Had the falafel platter as well as the schwarma and kebab platter. Excellent. Rice is perfect and bread oustanding, if you like this type of food you will be amazed. Shredded cabbage. Schwarma was a little dry but can handle it. Kebabs spicy and juicy - thick like a log on a bed of rice. They do fried eggplant slices which are great too. The hummus was classic style - little plain for me, but well its chick-pea's and oil, thats what it is, can't complain. Falalfel balls were great, rough texture that I like.
Price was in the gutter, I don't understand how this joint makes any money. Not much more to say, if you like the mediteranean type food with an emphasis on the Israeli type falalfel this is the place to go. Its cheap, fast and cleap.  Two concerns, a little chilly inside in December and it was quiet on a Saturday but I imagine it will severely packed on a weekday lunch-hour.Have been pretty bummed they shut down the Midtown location. Loved it. Great value. So much food. Love the falafel. Great sides. One of my favorite quick meals.
Only complaints would be I wish they had lamb shawarma and also I wish they mixed in the veggies into the pitas a little better. Each one is in one section (all the hummus is at the bottom, etc). No biggie.
Really big fan. Never a bad meal.love the shwarma, one of the best you can get in philly if not keeping kosher....also put on the sabich sandwich, per my suggestion, which i think anyone should try...its awesome!
great service, friendly staff, cheap, delicious food and always easy to find parkingGreat service, we got the food delivered to a group of about 10 of us. We did ask for them to number the food so we could distinguish between the platters, which unfortunately they didn't but that did not take away from the quality of the food. Such vast options all with great flavors. They included extra pitas and gave us tubs of hot sauce and tahini, adding to the flavor of the food. Great delivery place as well, super accommodating to a big group!A good place to grab a quick bite. Service was overly friendly, and the food was about middle of the line in terms of the shawarma and falafel I have had. It also is very small, so if you go during peak dinner hours, you may be out of luck for seats. But I would definitely recommend going here if you're in the area and need some middle eastern cuisine.Hummus Grill is a conveniently located restaurant near the university hospitals. There's some good menu options. However, the professionalism is utterly lacking from a management standpoint. I've never been so totally disrespected and belittled by "management" when asking for a fix to an order.  
Note to management (since I know you're reading), take a crash course on basic manners and treat the the customer with respect.warning: you will not be able to kiss nor talk in close proximity to people ...for several hours after eating here. loaded with garlic/onion/etc. i think my BF almost broke up with me after i ate here once. i guess i'll just have to make him it here at simultaneously.
the falafel is what i order, because falafel is what i love. unfortunately, i do not love the falafel here. it is weirdly too firm, it is just not right, something about it. i can't put my finger on it. ive had much better falafel at other places, e.g. Rami's food truck (across from Penn dental school on 40th and locust). Actually Rami's is fantastic, I think I may go there tomorrow now that i'm salivating abut it.
i go here only if i get out voted on lunch. nothing wrong with the place, i've just had better falafel that I get so distracted reminiscing about it....Ok so here's my 4th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
I called in for take out with my girlfriend but I will say that when I stopped in to pick-up the food the ambience inside reminded me of a clean, school cafeteria that didn't really have too much character or charm.
Ok that being said now on to the staff.  The people behind the counter were all very nice both over the phone and in person!  And they got the food order correct!  
Drum roll... The food...
The food was very good.  I ordered a sandwich that had great flavors and combinations and my girlfriend had a salad that was fresh, tasty, hearty, and healthy! 
I should reemphasize the freshness.  Everything was super fresh, and super tasty  and super healthy.  As a wise young man once told me "nutritious and delicious!"
Standard if not lacking atmosphere, good service, great, healthy, fresh food and a good bargain that is nearby. Not overpriced.  They'll be hearing from me soon and it will probably be for pickup-ha.I absolutely love the chicken kabob platter. I order from here quite often and it hits the spot every time. I think the service is good also - one time I came to pick up food and a member of their staff came out and chased me down the sidewalk because I forgot something! I've tried several other platters and they were also very good, but the chicken kabob is by far my favorite. The portions sizes are awesome. I highly recommend this restaurant!Love this place! I recently ordered the sampler platters (for the second time) for an event. The portions are great, and the presentation is wonderful. I can attest to the deliciousness of the hummus, pita, grape leaves, tabouli, and hot sauce. I wasn't as big of a fan of the meats, but everyone else really liked them. I don't think I tried the falafel. I'm ordering from here again for an event on Thursday - can't wait! My mouth is watering just looking over the catering menu!I was surprised that the falafel were discs rather than the more traditional balls of spiced ground chickpeas. Aside from that I got the falafel platter for $8.95 and I think I got 6 or 8 pieces of falafel, a pita, rice, hummus and two veggies (fried eggplant and cucumber). I would have preferred the eggplant to be grilled rather than fried because I would not have ordered the eggplant had I known it was fried but that being said it was passable albeit way too salty.
The hummus is not what I am used to eating (my girlfriend is Greek and she is always making hummus) but that may be the difference between fast food hummus and homemade hummus. I may go back because the place is convenient but I will not get the falafel again, I will try a kebab or shwarma and go from there.
Place lost a full star because the pita was flavorless, tough and a little soggy for some reason.I typically come here and get the shawarma platter. It comes with three sides, and rice or fries. In addition, you get a white or wheat pita. Fries are really well-seasoned and go well with the plate. The hummus is super tasty, as it's the namesake. I usually get this a long with the fried eggplant and cucumber tomato salad. I agree that the portions are epic. You really get what you pay for with the platters. Often times, I end up taking home the pita because I'm super full.Food (7.5/10) = Ordered the combination platter since this was my first time to Hummus and I wanted to sample a few things on their menu.  The platter included:
1) Shawarma = this was ok.  Not bad, but not great.
2) Falafel = this was ok also.
3) Choice of meat (I ordered Chicken) = the best part of the combo platter.  If I go back to hummus, I would order the chicken kabob itself again.
4) Pita and hummus = the hummus was good.  A lot of the previous Yelpers mentioned that this was probably the only good thing from this restaurant.
Choice of french fries or rice (I chose rice) = Standard white rice.  
Choice of two sides: Ordered the eggplant and baba ganoush.  The eggplant was fried and it was descent.  The baba ganoush was really salty. It was my least favorite part of the combo platter
The platter cost close to ~$15.  This platter was definitely not worth $15.  A bit of a rip off...oh well.
Ambiance (7.5/10) = Nothing special.  I came here for take-out, but the restaurant for the most part looked clean.
Service (7.5/10) = Can't really comment much here.  They took my order, and I got my food.  
Overall Opinion = This place seems really popular for take-out.  When I first arrived to this place, one of the guy's just got off the phone and made the comment, "I think the whole hospital just placed their orders."  Would I come back to Hummus?  Probably,...but it would be something for convenience.I enjoy Hummus Grill. I find their prices to be a bit high for the quantity received though. That and the food not being as flavorful as expected (which I guess could mean it's healthier than the McDonald's, Bobby's Burger Palace, or Chipotle nearby?). All in all, a good locally-owned business.Get the Shwarma platter or sandwich...everything else is rather pedestrian. A tad pricey.Vampires have been everywhere. And people are so into them. Call me old school, but unless it's Brad Pit sucking my blood, I'm taking all measures to protect myself from vampires. Especially the one from Twilight, who sparkles in the sun. Hummus has the secret-- their hummus is so garlicky creamy delicious that you can devour the whole tub and walk around with a scent that repels the evils (and, unfortunately, your lover). 
P.S. best pita I've had in the city. Hands down. Warm, fluffy, delightful.Hummus Grill is a great eatery, especially for those who are mindful of their diet but still want to feel like they are indulging in food. 
I recommend the following:
The Roasted Pear Salad (what I typically order) 
The Combination Platter (a great option for the "starving")
Sides of Falafel (delicious! Also great added to the roasted pear salad)
Everything was delicious and well prepared. I try to make healthy choices when dining out, while my boyfriend (or friends and family who don't care about calories) is usually there to EAT... hummus grill ensures that everyone is happy and satiated!I went in here after coming over for some business in the area. It was around 2:30-3pm when I got in and I was hungry. I ended up getting the shawarma sandwich. It came out fairly quickly. The vegetables in the sandwich were pretty good and tasted like they were fairly fresh(They had that nice crunch you get with freshly prepared vegetables). The shawarma meat was plentiful, but it was bland and pretty overcooked. 
Gonna have to find another place to get some good Middle Eastern food around here. This isn't going to cut the mustard.I just ordered delivery from there from the first time and the food was pretty good. I really enjoyed the lamb and the chicken as well as the hummus. The meat was cooked tenderly which made it enjoyable. The lamb was a little bland but it was still good. Be warned: the veggies are raw (except for the carrots) but they're still good. They delivered the food quickly (something that I always appreciate). 
Overall, the food was good, but not overwhelming. I'll probably order again. 
P.S. The whole wheat pita was tasty!I hate the disconnect between how I feel about a place and how I want to feel about a place. I've been passing this very forthcoming spot since I got here, and tonight in a dinner-seeking desperation, I stopped in. It's clear that in a past life, this place was a garage, but if you didn't see the outside, you'd never guess. It's very clean, I'll give them that. Sadly, that's pretty much their only saving grace. I got a falafel sandwich with everything except the hot sauce, natch, and was disappointed to see that that meant including pickles on there too. I'm a strong disbeliever in pickles on a sandwich. Yes, that makes me a horrible southerner for not liking the traditional "chicken sandwich" as I grew up knowing it. I care not. Maybe it's because this is my first time eating falafel and I just plain don't like it, but my stomach has not been happy with me ever since ingesting this messy amalgamation of condiments and dry carbs.
Oh, one more thing: the veggies are super fresh. I enjoyed that part... marginally. My best advice is go in knowing exactly what you want, exactly how you want it. Hummus may not share the Soup Nazi's curtness in customer service (in fact, the cashier was very friendly), but it's definitely a beast you want to familiarize yourself with before going into battle. No falafel for me!Delicious and filling. I love the pita and the hummus, and the meat options are all cooked and seasoned great (I've tried the Schnitzel Platter and Beef Kabob Platter).  A little pricey to eat here often, but you definitely get good value.This is my kind of food, but this was not my kind of restaurant. I have eaten there two or three times in the last couple of weeks, and each time confirms what I don't like: the service and the food. The last time I went, my friend and I really only wanted to sit down during the work day, have tea and talk for a short time. We ordered tea and some pastry and sides (only becuse we felt badly just ordering tea). However, the tea took a very very very long time to arrive. In fact, we went back to the cashier several times to ask for it until finally they realized no one boiled the water for it. Then, once we got the tea, we had to wait again for the milk. By time that arrived, the tea was gone. The pastry was mediocre, and the sides were too dry.  Do not get falafel there.  It is much better at several other places nearby.  The grape leaves similarly are not the best you can find in University or Center city.  I'd go again but only if I was already in the area and desperate for something they offer.For the longest time, I falsely believed Hummus Grill was an eyesore on Walnut Street, another corporate food establishment catered to the busy college crowd (e.g., Jimmy John's, Chipotle).  But look closer and you will discover a no-frills, if not authentic, Mediterranean grill, serving satisfying and, at times, nutritious Turkish cuisine.  I can't pretend to be a gastronome, so I'll describe the usual late-night order:  freshly skewered and seasoned chicken kabobs, tucked in between warm soft pita bread, with a dollop of rich hummus and salted cabbage.  The enjoyable fusion of these heavy and light tastes and nourishing portions have allowed Hummus Grill to enter my exclusive list of approved dining options in West Philadelphia.  And they deliver.I always get the same thing. Falafel platter with baba g and eggplant, fries and hummus. You get so much food for around $10. I am truly stuffed when I am done and it tastes great. One of the best falafel platters around for your money. BUT. You do have to inspect your platter because they will forget something. This past sunday night, picked up my girlfriend from work and she went in and picked it up and didnt bother checking it and they forgot the eggplant and 2 sauces. Not a huge deal, but still, its a pain, because as your leaving the cash register you then have to find a table, sit down, open up the bag of food, figure out if theres anything missing, the food is hot, so  your usually using  your dirty hands, then getting hot food on  your hands, then you have to close up the food again. And its not just the falafel platter they miss stuff on, my girlfriend gets other items and they forget to include stuff as well. Oh well, its close enough I guess.This is the place to get a unique dish of hummus with chicken and fried eggplants that I can't get enough of. Very delicious and will fit right into your budget. Right near the U Penn campus so if you are a student there I envy you!!!
The hummus is a bit thick but still very yummy!Ordered the lamb kabob platter. I think it was delicious but my inebriated state due to EE could have skewed my perception of things. So my apologies ahead of time if you end up going here and it's disgusting.This is my go-to lunch spot in UCity. While I have sampled much of the menu, I return to the baba ganooj on whole wheat pita. It is delicious, filling and vegan! The baba is especially yummy - very smokey and creamy, set off nicely by the crisp cabbage and hot sauce. Perfection in a pita!Since Rami is no more, Hummus has become my quick stop for a falafel in this area. They are well priced at about $5 and quickly made. I like the toppings they include as their standard plus a little hot sauce. The falafel balls have a nice consistency and a slightly crunchy exterior.Friendly helpful staff.  I had a falafel pita sandwich and my mother had a lamb pita sandwich.  Excellent taste and fresh ingredients.  Made to order.I decided to come here since I was going to the Bridge for a movie (which is kitty korner from this place).  I ordered a falafel platter and my friend ordered a chicken kebab platter. 
Positives:  My falafel platter was pretty good. The falafel balls were warm and not too dry and the salad was fresh.  I loved that the fries still had their potato skins on and the pita was soft and fluffy (though not whole wheat).  
Negatives: Unfortunately I thought it was ridiculous that for the side salad, you could only pick two ingredients.  Since when is a salad composed of only two items?  It was also obvious the server behind the cash register did not want to be there as she was not friendly and rushed our order.  Oh, I forgot to mention that my friend's chicken kebab was mostly burned.  
Despite the great location, I prefer Mama's falafel (20th and market) any day.I am so very surprised that Hummus rating is 3,5 stars! There is no tastier food on earth (I'm not talking about home cooked meal). I have been eating there for a year already and don't remember the time I was even nearly disappointed.
The line is always going fast and cashiers are friendly as  they know you forever. They misspell my name almost every time, it became a game to me and I am happy as a baby when they do spell it right!
Sandwiches are the best here, cause they are not heavy and you can choose the ingredients. I get felafel with whole wheat pita or shawarma!
The order is ready fast and food is fresh always! 
I also love the reward program: in spite of being busy, they still give you motivation to come more!
 I hope they will have another locations soon, one of which will be in the Rittenhouse Sq.It feels so refreshing get away from Rittenhouse square area and up to university city. I liked the busy vibe and ethnic food options. 
Needed to grab quick bite after movie and we stopped by Hummus grill. Got Chicken Schwarma platter with eggplants and beef kabob. 
The portion was generous and veggies seemed fresh. My chicken was tender and delicious, I liked it a lot. Hummus was decent but I wouldn't say it was great. Egg plants was little too greasy. I wish I ordered beet salad instead. It looked better. 
It looked like fast food chain and service was fast. Dining area was little cold since customers kept coming in and out. It was definitely busy place. 
I don't think I want to eat there again. To go maybe..Oh man, get the Falafel for 4.95 and be prepared to enjoy!I'm not sure I have ever spoken to someone as snotty as Rebecca when she answered the phone tonite. We waited over 1 hour for our sandwiches to be delivered to our workplace 0.5 miles away - including waiting at the front door for 10 minutes because the driver said he was sitting at the front door (was a lie). When I called Rebecca to tell her that the pita bread for the sandwiches had completed disintegrated/fallen apart as it apparently was soaked through with liquid, she said that was my problem, and they were a very busy restaurant, and hung up on me!!! wow - i have never heard a person who is supposed to be in customer service behave this way. never ordering from this place again!I love Hummus - I just moved to the area and live around the corner. I'm working from home and have been looking for inexpensive, convenient and tasty lunch places. Hummus is great - I love their falafel and shawarma, it tastes like the Middle East right here in West Philly. The falafel was great and the shawarma was tasty and the chicken was tender. The only downside is that it takes a little while if it's crowded; if you call ahead and order, it's ready when you get there. Prices are very reasonable - definitely a lunchtime staple!Love this place for delivery (never eaten in the restaurant itself, but don't expect a great ambience). Great hummus, kibbeh, awesome lamb kebob, sharwama, AND the delivery is fast and friendly.Awesome!  Food is good, filling and healthy.  Platters are huge.  If you get the sample platter you can share it with another person!  My BF love this place whenever we are in the city looking for a quick and tasty meal.Pretty great fast food-sit in type place such as chipotle with similar pricing. We were actually stopping for the chipotle down a few doors when we decided to check this place out. It was our first visit and we will definitely go back. I had a falafel which I though was fresh and tasty. I got it with everything on it. I also enjoyed the spicy sauce and white sauce on the side. My boyfriend got a salad with grilled chicken that he said was flavorful. The salad portion was a good size and came with pita bread. I was happy that they offered a whole wheat pita that tasted fresh and is pretty hearty. Now that I found this gem, will definitely be back to try more things on the menu!
Hi Fabrice, I would have loved a spicier green sauce with real ground green chilis. There is a place in Chicago called Naf Naf that I really crave their hot sauce.  My boyfriend commented that the chicken was flavorful but slightly dry. Overall I thought it was a great experience. We will definitely be back!Cool little place. Beef shawarma on whole wheat pita with the home hot sauce. Yummm.I was really impressed by the Chicken Shawarma sandwich here. Tons of meat and very juicy. And I like how there is an array of sauces you can serve yourself. It's also relatively cheap considering its size and deliciousness. 
My only complaint would be the layout of the seating area. The ramp and railings that go down the middle of an already slim restaurant makes awkward and poorly laid out seating arrangements. You're bound to get hit by or hit someone walking through. You also have to jump over a railing or some chairs to get to the table closest to the register. Time for some remodeling or relocating.
Otherwise, this place is a good option for some middle eastern goodness. I'm willing to come back again to try the other items on the menu.Is it the best Mediterranean food I've ever eaten? No. HOWEVER, it's quick, delicious, convenient, and best of all - CHEAP! 
For starters, you can order online - and it's a super user friendly set-up. I ordered the Shawarma Platter for $11. You can choose your pita (I chose whole wheat), rice (white/ brown/ basmati), and 3 sides - I ordered hummus, cucumber/ tomato salad, and baba ganoush. For the same food at other establishments, I've paid close to $10 more. I was super impressed with the portions (EASILY two meals!), and the flavors were fresh. The pita was incredible - very fluffy and warm: 10/10 would make a great pillow. My coworker order the SIX DOLLAR (SIX! DOLLARS!!!) falafel sandwich, and it was HEAPING! It must have weighed at least a pound. My other friend ordered the chicken kabob, and it was beautiful. I think I'll venture to try that next time.
They do deliver, but there's a delivery charge. This is a great option for a small last-minute lunch meeting or a quick, delicious dinner option.I fashion myself a "Lebanese foodie," mainly because I grew up eating home-cooked Lebanese food multiple days out of the week. Both of my parents are Lebanese, so this source is not without competence. I have been wanting to dine here for a few years now: my girlfriend and I love Lebanese food, and we have been to Cedars, Alyans, Bitars, Manakeesh, King Tut's, Boutrous', and King Tut's - all multiple times. Unfortunately Hummus is my least favorite of them all.
First the good news: the price is great! Middle Eastern food can be very labor-intensive, and consequently very expensive (try picking parsley for an hour to make Tabboule!). Second, the atmosphere is great - smack dab in the middle of University City, it is lively and fun. Unfortunately, the good news ends here.
1. The Tabboule is not good at all. They serve it with WAY too much Burghul (to pronounce this correctly, try saying "butthole"  but with a light T and light H). The parsley to Burghul ratio is horrendous. I will add that they should use number 1(fine) Burghul, not larger ones. Also, not enough lemon is used - this seems to be an ever-present problem with Middle Eastern places.  The weirdest issue I have with the Tabboule is the use of cumin! Save it for the kibbeh and other hushwe, not for mezze items!  
2. The Hummus was sort of a bright spot in an otherwise plane of darkness. My only recommendation is to add a bit more garlic and a more liberal amount of lemon. Texture is perfect!
3. What the Kibbeh was that Kibbeh! I've never seen anything like it! The outside did not have any Burghul kneaded with the meat, and the hushwe (filling in the middle) was...what was it? I could not determine if it was me meat or lenten. It should be minced lamb/beef, minced onion, pine nuts, cumin, allspice, salt and pepper. 
4. The Syrian Bread was too doughy, and lacked a pocket. I think the problem is the lack of a hotter oven (you need a really hot exposed burner to make the bread separate.
5. The Grape Leaves ("Wara 'Enub') were mushy, and compact. I prefer them served warmed, with meat in the middle. I like the ricy kid as well-but not prepared like they did here. 
All in allI was disappointed by this place. Pricing and location were great, but the food product was very sub-par :( I did hear that the owners were Israeli, so maybe the Israeli version of Lebanese food is a bit different? Can anyone on here speak to that? If so, then I do not like Israel's take on Lebanese food. If not, then they definitely missed their target!I KNEWWWW I was forgetting something when I came on yelp to look at drool worthy pictures of food. 
HUMMUS GRILL. 
I have lived in the area for a while but never gave the joint a chance for some reason. I'm glad my stomach decided for me that night to walk inside. It was well heated on such a cold night because of those overhead heat blowers fyi. So don't be way of the cold if you sit near the door .
Anywhooooo, I ordered the pear salad with grilled beef. BEST.SALAD.OF.MY.LIFE. It's so filling but its definitely super expensive.
Must come back again and again!
And great service!I have probably passed this place a thousand times but never tried it until a couple of days ago and I am so glad I did!
I ordered the schwarma platter with a side of cabbage salad, hummus, and mixed tomatoes + cucumbers. All the platters also come with a delicious soft, fluffy pita bread and rice. The chicken schwarma was really good and it went perfectly well with the sides, especially the soft pita bread and hummus. According to lady behind the cashier, the cabbage salad is supposed to be a classic with all platter dishes so I tried it! It's more on the tangy side than sweet, so if you like that I would totally recommend it. For all of that, it came out to be around $11. Everything was reasonably priced. I would say the options are a LITTLE bit more on the expensive side, but for the portions that are offered, I think it's completely worth it.
Hummus grill provides fast and friendly service. It's a quick, grab-and-go place with some seating if you prefer to eat there. It's also in a very convenient location, right beside Penn's campus and smack dab right next to apartment complex, The Radian. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I am craving Mediterranean or need a quick pick-up!I've had the catering before and it is frankly quite bad. But eating here was a completely different experience. The pita bread is thick, soft, fluffy, and fresh. The chicken is actually good quality, rather than the fatty rubbery stuff you get with a catering platter. Overall, excellent value. However, the interior of this place is glaringly colorful and very casual (you are served on plastic trays), so I'd only go here for a casual/quick bite.Haven't been here in a while, after having a rough morning at work, the girl behind the counter says "Hi Hector, I miss you...can I hug you" I obliged. We hugged-made my day! My lunch, the Shwarma sandwich was AMAZING! THANKS AMY!!! this happened about a month ago. Still thinking about it.I have dined here for over 9+ years I can not believe how time flies! The food has always been amazing every time. I dined in yesterday and the combination platter was great the falafel, rice, beef kabob, carrots, tabouli with pita bread. 
The cooks here are very hardworking and do an excellent job making the shawarmas,Kabobs, falafels kudos to them and also the cashiers and everyone making Hummus a great restaurant! The food is made with fresh, and quality ingredients there is a huge option of sides and a lot of vegetarian,meat, sandwich, and wrap selections.I tried Hummus for the first time yesterday 7/6/15 really like the food and would love to go back again if it wasn't for the shitty service it's really nice when the girl your ordering food from is rolling her eyes at you sorry to bother you at work what a dick I am for ordering food the audacity of metoo pricey for me, being that its not an actual restaurant but rather a place you order and seat yourself (a la qdoba, chipotle, etc). the pita was fresh and the garlic hummus was creamy. but i wouldnt go out of my way to go back, there are so many better options around philly that can serve that.This place looks absolutely minuscule from the outside, because it is surrounded by immense behemoths of buildings.  And you go in...and it's still pretty darn tiny.
Very good, fresh food, reasonably cheap.  And...surprise!!!  They have authentic, Mexican-style salsa verde to put on your middle-eastern-influenced falafel sandwich.  Everything I've ordered here has been good.  Good vegetarian options, lots of fresh veggies, a very balanced meal.
My only complaints?  It's cramped inside...easy to trip over everyone, hard to find a table when busy...there is very little indoor seating.  And...the second complaint, it's awkward the way they have the register set up...sometimes they run the register behind the door into the back, and you just order at the front but can't pay there...it seemed a bit strange to me.  But I keep coming back in spite of these things...try to go here at an off-hour, or a sunny day though, so you can actually get a seat.
Also, one more piece of advice: order a sandwich, not a platter.  It's cheaper, and the "platter" just has extra carbs and IMHO is not worth the extra money.This place is great for a casual lunch. You have a choice between a meal that's light (salads), medium (sandwich), or heavy (platter). Choose wisely, for you are also committing to a possibly-irreversible afternoon sleepiness level. If you don't have class after lunch, I say go all out!
At 1, there are plenty of seats for small parties. The platters, priced at $9.50+, come with plenty of food (fries, choice of meat, salad, hummus, pita) and are great for sharing. I requested extra hummus on my chicken breast sandwich, half-expecting them to charge me extra, but nope, it was on the house.This review is for their catering services!
I've had hummus catered a few times since my last post, and I think the prompt delivery as well as quantity of food warrants another star (the food itself is 3/5). For University events, they know how to deliver on the quantity. The platters have lots of falafel that's nicely crunchy and crispy, although there's a lot of leftover oil. The chicken kabobs were great - juicy, large chunks of meat! I think the chicken shwarma is a bit dry, although the small pieces were definitely good for stuffing inside the pitas. 
Lots and lots of hummus. Overall, good presentation, timely delivery.Worst customer service ever! I used to love the food, but when the manager was rude to me over the phone and hung up on me because THEY FORGOT TO SEND MY PITA BREAD WITH 2 of the 3 meals, it definitely left a bitter taste in my mouth. No thanks, I'll take my $35 for take out elsewhere.Let us start with... I LOVE THIS PLACE. 
1. The portions are epic and quality is consistent. 
2. The staff are damn friendly. I always ordered a kebab plate. I get 3 sides with that but I only like the israeli salad and their carrots, both of which are really well made. Fresh cucumbers and soft-cooked carrots drowned in some awesome sauce. So for my 3rd side I ask if I can get fries and the counter girl obliged with a smile - most servers would roll their eyes for me being troublesome. I have done this all the 4 times i've been there and I have never been turned down, never got the eye roll or the brusque 'yeah sure'.
3. I love the chicken. It has this smoky flavour, is tender and well-marinated. The best part is the meal comes with this warm and super pillowy pita. I always save the best for last; the pita. God, I love the pita. I dream of it.First and Foremost-This place is a no frills ,quick food kinda place.Dont go here expecting a fancy middle eastern place.This is perfect if you want a quick meal.
They are pretty vegetarian friendly.My favorites were the Baba Ganoush and the Portabello wrap.The mushroom is always perfectly done and super tasty.You get a huge wrap for 6$ and it makes a pretty good meal.
They also have a rewards program-every 50$ you spend earns you a free meal.I found the good the be enjoyable and think it's a great bang for your buck. The food seems fresh and he serving sizes are good. Pretty standard hummus and Mediterranean (American) food. I have only gotten take out here because the location is quite small inside without too much seating. They have always gotten my order correct and haven't forgotten any items I have ordered!This place is the same as the Ardmore location. Same Great taste, same feel, same taste, different layout which I'm ok with, and Amazing customer service!!!Best Chicken Shawarma in Philly! Yes it is pricey but one sandwich will never let you feel empty for hours, I grantee :)
Staff are nice, they help you with menu and understanding the variety there.
Services is fast and nice decor.
I did not like their Falafel but yes it is optionalThe falafel sandwich here has a great variety in taste and the tahini sauce they have really makes it an enjoyable meal. Conveniently located right off of Upenn's campus and a few blocks away from 40th st station, Hummus grill provides a quick service a clean table and the owner Fabrice is a relaxed and caring guy. Good spot!I really like this place for delicious middle eastern food without a long wait, but perhaps the best review I could give is that my Israeli friend David won't go anywhere else in the city for hummus and pita.  Of course, we haven't been to Dizengoff's yet, so that could change ;-)No complaints about the food, but the staff is lacking in professionalism.  I once ate here on a less than busy Sunday and was shocked to find one of the girls who worked the cash register painting her toes at one of the tables in between customers.  That was a first for me in any restaurant I have been too and makes me question the controls in place regarding the cleanliness of this place. I will look elsewhere for places to eat.I discovered Hummus during it's opening celebration and was lured in by the promise of free food (I know, I'm cheap). The jolly owner greeted each guest as they entered, offering a sampler platter of middle eastern specialties. 
Penn's campus has been missing a good Middle Eastern Restaurant. While I've frequented Middle Eastern food carts, they close early and aren't open on weekends. Hummus has great food and moderate prices -- exactly what college students are constantly looking for.I've been here twice. The first time i came I hadn't even finished my meal and I had the wooorst stomach ache. Didn't feel good for the rest of the day. The second time I came (i wanted to be fair and give it another shot) i wasn't disappointed! Pretty good hummus, pitas were good and so was the falafel. 3 stars because of the first experience.If you don't mind the greasiness, this place is packed with flavor.  I love their falafel which is different than any others I've tried.  They are flat on each side but still round and they aren't really crunchy (the outside "crust" is quite thick), but the inside is packed with flavor (I imagine from lots of garlic?).  It's a strange green color and very dark brown on the outside, but I assure you, the falafel is tasty.  
The hummus here is really creamy, much creamier than I've ever had it before (i.e., not grainy AT ALL).  The salads here are quite big but I usually get a platter/combo (hummus or Shawarma) so I can have some sides (my favorite are the eggplant, beets and pickled cabbage).  They don't have lemony potatoes but they have potato salad, which I'm not a big fan of.  They have a strange carrot side that I'm not crazy about and the cucumber/tomato salad is bland (but you may want to opt for this if you find all the other food too heavy).
I don't recommend the Schnitzel and the Combination Platter for $12 can definitely be split between 2 people.  I have heard mixed reviews but I love the french fries here.  They are crispy on the outside, but has lots of potato on the inside.  I'm more of a shoestring fries type of person but I like the thicker fries here because they are flavorful and not soggy.  The combo platter comes out like mushu pork where you make your own "pancakes"/pita sandwich but I like the way they make it for you so definitely try ordering a sandwich on its own or the shawarma platter--all the ingredients come together very nicely.  There are a lot of things going on in the pita (pickled cabbage, creamy hummus, the meat, cucumbers, tomatoes) but I think they all taste awesome and you get so many flavors with each bite.  You also get a choice of wheat or white pita so you can opt to be a bit healthier with the wheat.
I've also done catering through here and the food is just as good.  I always ask for their tahini and harif sauces--the harif is REALLY spicy and wonderfully delicious.  This is more like a take-out joint but there's plenty of seating.  I've gone for lunch or dinner and I have never had trouble finding a seat.We ordered a Schnitzel and one Shawarma Sandwich. While the Shawarma was acceptable, I got food poisoned from eating their Schnitzel, which already looked disgusting and must have been days old.I don't know what took me so long to eat here! I love the food and LOVE the obviously labeled vegan options. I just wish the seating was a bit more comfortable. I was chilly eating that close to the door.I was so full after getting a chicken schawarma and I loved saying that word all day long.  It's a little messy but you don't need to eat for most of the rest of the day.  
There is a variety of mediterranean food to try here, but it's a bit pricey for lunch especially if you're going to get a platter.  It's University City...food should be cheaper.  There are starving students out there.  Feed the future.Huge portions of food. The falafel isn't the best but the hummus is fresh and delicious. Also Fabrice rocksSeriously in love with everything about this place. My daughter has been in and out of the children's hospital for about 8 months so we've eaten at the majority of the good restaurants in this area. Whether we're dining in, or ordering delivery, this place is one of my absolute favorites. The falafel platter is my go-to. The babajanoush, schnitzel, chicken shawarma, and lamb are all exceptional. I saw another review that recommended the egg plant and I was skeptical but ordered anyway and it is my new favorite. I love that they offer whole wheat pita, and flavored sparkling water as a healthier option. Overall, (obviously) I highly recommend this place.For the price, Hummus Grill is so, so worth it.
I've walked in once and ordered online twice (more on that in a moment).  It's tiny, and I imagine that it gets a bit cramped during prime business hours, but the service is friendly.  I've ordered the salmon platter (always cooked and seasoned well) with rice (also cooked phenomenally), the hummus with and without garlic (fantastic, and the pita is incredible), the eggplant side (NOT baba ganoush like I was expecting - I got two crisply cooked slices of eggplant), the cucumber and tomato salad (could use a little more flavor), and the carrot salad (not my favorite).  I've also gotten the baklava, which is tiny but doesn't cost much at all.  Despite the minor complaints I have about some of the side dishes, I would still say that Hummus Grill merits five stars, based on pricing and quantity as well as quality.  I would love to try the falafel sometime.
The first time I ordered delivery, Grubhub informed me that Hummus Grill would deliver to my location when I ordered online.  However, I got a confused phone call from the restaurant asking where I was, as they were expecting me to pick up my food.  They could not actually deliver to my location because it was too far.  I blame Grubhub for this, not Hummus Grill.  I got a refund for that order, and everything was fine.  Delivery to my new location went totally fine.Don't be fooled by the look of this place- Hummus has some of the best salmon and chicken kebab in the area. Portions are huge, and the salads are very filling. The Pitas are served warm. They have a lot of vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options.finding good falafel is a chore. in west philly/ucity i have found magic carpet and the food truck on 40th and locust to be decent. however, for me, humus has displaced the others as best falafel in the neightborhood. 
hummus's falafel is not dry, which is a common caveat, and the helpings are generous, another common lacuna in falafel-serving establishments. the only and severe problem is the price, $8, which precludes it from being a quick, cheap bite (at least on a stipend... petition your congressional representative to increase the nih budget so i can eat more falafel).Hummus offers a variety of Mediterranean food at a decent price. It is very similar to fast-casual chains (Chipotle, Panera) in pricing and set-up, as you order at the counter and then your name is called to pick up your food. 
The food is definitely tasty, especially their famous Chicken Shawarma. They offer everything as either a sandwich (cheaper with all ingredients in pita) or platter (comes with rice, 3 sides, and pita). The platter is often the better option because it is a great size for dinner and can even be shared.
However, the falafel is disappointing, and for my taste, hummus is way too garlicky. The food often feels less healthy than it should, because of the reliance on frying and heavy sauces. Definitely the best option in the area for Mediterranean/Israeli food, but having spent a lot of time in Israel, it could definitely improve. My standards may be too high, but overall I've had a lot better Mediterannean cuisine in the US. Given the price point, though, it is a great option in Uni City for quick Mediterranean food. Also, the staff is very friendly which is a plus.Yum! Another delicious catering experience by Hummus. LOVE the hummus, pita, grape leaves, and shawarma. Not a huge fan of the Moroccan cigars or falafel (the falafel was really hard). Oh, and the baklava is AWESOME! Not overly sweet...perfect! We got "the feast," which was intended for 25 people. I'd say it could definitely have fed at least 30! Definitely recommend this place!The garden salad with chicken and cabbage is really good and filling! Very fresh and refreshing. The lemon dressing is tasty. The pita bread is so soft and fluffy and short from being thin. The babaganoush is ok.Hummus is a great place if you need to grab a quick meal. Their meats are just alright. Their falafel pita is where it's at. You must get it with everything on it. I like how they offer the pita in whole wheat as well. The staff is always friendly and accommodating. Service is pretty quick. The longest I waited for food may have been 10 minutes tops. Oh, and their hummus is quite delicious too. ;)Got the falafel sandwich and I loved it. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of it.
Many events around campus cater hummus and the quality of the food never disappoints.
When I dined in, the servers were friendly and the food came out quickly. There is ample seating and the environment is good for a quick, casual meal.so good but tooo loud. My chicken shwarma sandwich was amazing, but the place is just tooo loud. It kills the experience.This is a good on-campus place to grab some dinner. I like the chicken platters but otherwise everything's a recombination of a couple things they make. Everything is subpar, but I do really like the pita here! I sometimes get the pear salad but honestly all the ingredients feel old and stale. 
Prices were raised recently. They also take level up and have a rewards program if you come here often!I love hummus for many of the same reasons as other yelpers.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  
Added bonus, their delivery service (although slow, be prepared to wait up to an hour) is awesome.  Tonight I ordered delivery but when I opened my pita sandwich I saw that it was the wrong kind of chicken.  I simply called them directly, explained the situation, and the driver was back at my house in 20 minutes with the correct sandwich.  No hassle, no problems.Friend suggested this place and the Shawarma. I reviewed Yelp and another reviewer suggested it with the home hit sauce. Can't wait til tomorrow bc I'm getting another one!I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food and I also am always looking for fast food that isn't laden with nasty grease and whatnot. this place delivers on quality. i always get their falafel pita, and i am never disappointed. their platters seem pretty big for their prices, and its all fresh ingredients, which is always what makes good food great. definitely a great place to get great take-out on a busy night.Huge platter portions. Chicken shwarma platter is the best! LOTS of hummus (though it tastes nothing special).Reasonable prices and delicious food, with really big portions make this place a must to eat at, especially if you are in the mood for some good Middle Eastern/Mediterranean fare. 
I really like their fried eggplant.  It is the perfect amount of crispy without compromising the eggplant.  You can still actually taste eggplant rather than just fried stuff and oil.
I also am a big fan of their shawarma  sandwich or platter.  I usually add on baba ghanoush and/or feta cheese, sometimes beets too!  Plus their tahini sauce and their hummus are just fantastic and go really well together on the sandwich. 
Other good options are the chicken kabob or falafel.  
Tons of flavor!  If you get a sandwich it is STUFFED with food.  Platters are also big portions.  I almost always have to bring some home with me! 
If you want to eat here, try to avoid a lunch or dinner rush.  It is a small place, seating is available yet limited.  They also have outdoor seating when it is nice out!I used to live off of Penn campus and stopped by often on my way home to grab food to go .. The shawarma pita, checked kabob and lamb kabob were my go to .. The sandwich was filling, tasty and decent portion .. One of the better spots in the area for quick food pick upAt Hummus, I regularly enjoy the shawarma on a pita with cucumbers and hummus. Most of the time I do take-out, but I've also eaten there before when it's not too crowded. The cucumbers are crispy, the pita is warm and fluffy, and the shawarma is flavorful. Good for a quick lunch!I've only been here once, but Hummus won me over with the portion size.  No, I'm not saying they traded quality for quantity, I'm saying the portions are nicely sized and yet still were quality.  I went with the Lamb sandwich and it was brimming.  They used fresh and tasty ingredients and didn't take too long getting it to me.  Certainly enough for me to flag for a return visit.Came here for a quick bite before seeing a movie across the street at the Rave. If you're set on coming here, be prepared for Penn students. You'll be tripping all over them. For a restaurant that is banking on the quality of its hummus, I was surprised that I wasn't blown away by the flavor. I feel like I've gotten better store bought hummus than what they were offering, however I do have to acknowledge that it could have been a bad batch. Seating is where this place goes from a quaint neighborhood spot to a somewhat tedious adventure in cobbling chairs together. However, the salmon was very good as was the salad that came with it. Overall, not bad if you are looking for something quick in the area.The lamb kabob here is consistently good -- the meat is cooked right when you order, and has been juicy and tender every time I've had it, unlike other places which sometimes have bad lamb days. You can get the lamb in a sandwich or on a platter with two sides -- choices include hummus, carrots, fried eggplant, cauliflower, and a few other ones I forget. I'm a fan of the cauliflower, which is lightly fried, but you really can't go wrong -- everything is tasty and well-seasoned with oil and spices. The sides and vegetables are served cold, as they do in the Mediterranean (I'm guessing). Their other meats and kabobs are also worth a try, as is the falafel. Overall, a solid spot for a quick lunch or light dinner.I was here about two weeks ago and got it delivered. I had the chicken platter with 3 sides and rice. Food was great! And the deliver was fast and t was pretty cheap. My only complaint was the lady spoke very fast that I had no idea what she was saying a couple times. Other than that. I recommend it :)This is basically Med fast food, and it does that incredibly well. The prices are average-- not expensive, but not what I'd call cheap-- but on the other hand, they give you an absolutely enormous quantity of really delicious food. My friend and I could have easily split a platter, and we were both ravenous when we came.
The building is quite small, but the decor is cute and the overall impression is clean and pleasant. The staff were friendly and joked with us when we ordered, and the food came out pretty quickly. You order at a counter and bus your own tables... which adds to the speed. 
It seems like every meal comes with hummus and pita, both of which were extremely good; the hummus creamy, the pita soft and warm. The falafel (they give you eight, which is crazy) are delicious but very fried, which is probably why they're so filling. The tahini was decent, not amazing-- same with the potato salad and cucumber/tomato salad-- but oh man, the falafel and hummus. Fries also quite good. And you can get tons of crunchy pickles for free!
I wish we had something like this in Columbus-- quick, tasty, and filling.If there was an option to buy more stars for this place I would buy an extra 75 of them because that's how tasty Hummus is!
I can repeat what people said here about the food and the place but I actually wanted to emphasize some thing from a point of view of a local to that food region.
While Hummus carries itself as a "Mediterranean" cuisine it's actually Middle Eastern, meaning Israeli and Arabic, the owners are Israeli and Arabic so it kinda explains it. 
I'm from Israel so believe me (if you will) that this place is like somebody took a typical Israeli fast food restaurant from Tel-Aviv and teleported it to University City. 
Hummus: unlike Greek hummus which is chunky and dry, Israeli hummus is more pasty because it contains more olive oil, some tahini and the hummus grains are crushed more.
Tahini: their tahini, as well as their hummus is home made so they do it with their own recipe and comparing to other places, even Israeli. The tahini has chives which is refreshing.
Shawarma: you need to understand that a real shawarma is made of layers and layers of meat put together and then shaved off to get to your platter. Unlike Greek or Turkish doner kebap, the chicken or beef/lamb (not found in this restaurant) is juicier and retains more flavor.
Falafel: This I can't talk about cause I'm a meat person but I will update you guys :)
The ambiance is awesome with nice music and soft lighting.3.5 stars of 5 . Came here for lunch one day with a friend.... She was in the mood for Greek/ Mediterranean food.  I was a bit apprehensive as there are a lot of places that dont do it well.
Walked in and the place was absolutely empty... Good because there was no wait but a but weird as everything in the area is packed during lunch.
Menu had all the standards of a quick/ small Mediterranean place... I ended up going with a platter which came with main and sides... Cost about $10.
Food came out quick as again there was no one there.  Pretty impressed by the large portion size.  Food was good but not great falafel was a bit on the dry side perhaps slightly over cooked... 
Overall however I was happy with the food though as ot had a good taste/portion/price ratio... Next time I am in the mood for med. Food this will be an optionWent there today for lunch and it's my first time going back there since 2012 and the place is still jumping. The food was great and fresh to order. I purchased the shawarma plater with potato salad, egg plant, hummus and rice.. Boy I tell you that I couldn't finish it in one sitting. So having it again for leftovers was a double treat for my belly.One of my favorite places in Philly!!! Fresh, yummy food every time! Warm pita bread, tasty rice, juicy meats -chicken, lamb, and beef off the grill, and flavorful veggie salads with each meal. My favorites are the beet salad, carrot salad, and cabbage salad. They also have really good french fries, fried eggplant, and falafel. Seriously I crave this place! The hot sauce is awesome too, they make it on the premises.  I live in New York now and when I visited Philly 2 weeks ago I had to go back. Great experience once again!Chicken and fries were way overcooked. Wouldn't go there again.AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!! If I could give zero stars I would. We ordered from here and the food was cold and missing items - we called and they replaced the items but gave a lot of attitude and then later the OWNER screamed at me and called me a F***ING DISGUSTING PERSON so of course I hung up. HOWEVER! He called me back 2 times to tell me how I had ruined his day and that he hoped my day would somehow be ruined too. He said that I was a terrible person and called me a bit*h, and a loser. I have never experienced anything like it in my life. So completely immature.Even though I've lived within 10 blocks of Hummus for the past 5 years, I've never ordered from or been to Hummus. I've heard rave reviews and love this type of cuisine, so I was excited to finally try it.
I ordered a Falafel platter with cucumber salad and potato salad, and an extra side of hummus & pita. Everything was super delicious and flavorful, and I got 3 meals out of it (with snacks on the extra hummus in between.)
I can't wait to go back and try more!Friendly workers but the food is fair. Neither here or there. The chicken shish kabob was decent for someone who is not a huge fan of dark meat chicken. The falafel had a bit too going on. It had too much hummus and not enough of the usual additives.I love the "sandwiches" here. (They're like gyros kinda). They are well worth the money. Don't bother with the overpriced platters that are mostly rice and carbs. I have found that most days their falafel is fresh but my favorite is their lamb sandwiches.Delicious food. Cute little spot right on Penn's campus. I highly recommend!This is the place to get all your hummus cravings satisfied and more. Hummus (yes the name of this place) is a fast food type of Mediterranean/Greek place. Order at the cash register, wait for your tray of food, and seat yourself at one of the metal tables and chairs.
I came here with some friends wanting something light and healthy. Perhaps, I ordered the wrong thing... I ordered the hummus salad, which was slightly disappointing. I watch them prepare my order. I noticed that guy simply grabbed a box of pre-prepared salad, opened the box, and piled a load of hummus along with chickpeas and sliced avocado (thanks for the reminder from Yaron, the owner) on top. Then, he closed the box and called out my name. "Cassy! Hummus salad!"
So, if you really LOVE hummus, this is the place to go... I don't recommend the salad, b/c it wasn't too special. I'd recommend getting a falafel or shawarma rather than the salad.Good spot for a quick bite (that is what I went in there for but the platters looked big and could be a good place for a dinner to share with ppl). Its reasonably priced for the portion size (I got the falafel sandwich with everything on it).
Seating is cramped, when we got there it wasn't too busy yet most of the tables were dirty. I wasn't expecting a 5 star dining experience but a clean table would be nice. 
That being said, if I'm in the area I'd probably go in again.My friend and I just sometimes come up to Philadelphia just to eat here. We both love their chicken kebab pita thing (I'm not sure what they call it) with everything. It is so good, one day we will try some other things on the menu.This is right down the street from my boyfriend's apartment, so whenever we're hungry and don't want to go far we tend to end up here for takeout. It's pretty decent and has a lot of options on their menu. I LOVE their new side, the fried cauliflower. There's some sort of tahini sauce on it and it's just divine. 
I also really like their falafel here. It's not as good as say, Maoz, but it is inexpensive and delicious here so we keep coming back. I see a little car outside of their place so I'm assuming they do takeout as well. I just wish they offered brown rice instead of white.Tucked away underneath an old house, next to a giant apartment complex, and next to the seedy McDonald's on 40th street is a neat little Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant which serves as a nice break from the offerings in the area.
I had the beef kabobs with with some piping hot pita bread and hummus, boy...that's strong garlic taste there! It was no frills, quick, and fairly inexpensive if you stick to the basics. 
I've walked by here at lunch time...the line seems to snake out, so count on getting it to go. The seating & layout seems to be a bit strange, but I've only been here during the lulls of the day, so I managed to find a table.I love the hummus here.  I bought some pita chips at the CVS next door and then ordered a pita with hummus (both off of the "sides" menu for a total of $4 - a bit expensive but I had a particular craving for hummus) which I ate at the store.  The take-out hummus container had enough hummus to last me over a week.  You can buy hummus at the grocery store, but somehow it doesn't taste as good as the homemade hummus at this place.  It tastes fresh and tart. 
I recommend the lamb kebab sandwich (minus the hot sauce for any pita since it tends to make the pita soggy and it's rather spicy when usually I expect Mediterranean food not to be spicy) though it's pricier than the chicken kebab or chicken scharma (breast) sandwiches.  I like the fried eggplant side dish and the potato salad isn't bad though it tastes a bit unusual (perhaps it has more "bite" from a mustard sauce or something).  Beware if you're in a time crunch, however: the beef and lamb dishes take more time to prepare, whereas the chicken ones (plate or sandwich) are ready in much less time.
The chocolate nut dessert was pretty good.  If you absolutely need to satisfy your sweet tooth post-meal, order one for a little over $1.
I'd go back again and maybe get take-out next time.  
Service: B
Taste: BHummus is a good place to get a snack, especially if you like...hummus.
The decor is decent, but most people take it to go.  While I dined in, it was a little difficult to maneuver around the lines to get more sauce or water.  
The falafel was pretty good, and the hummus smooth.  The beet salad was good, even though I usually stay away from that type of dish.  The wholewheat pitas, however, I could eat all day.  Call me crazy, but the hummus and bread would have been enough for me.
Although a bit on the pricey side for what you get, it is far better than going to the McDonald's on the corner.  :op
For a quick snack (except during peak times), Hummus is a good change of pace from the usual fare.Haters gonna hate. Falafel is crisp. Shwarma's damn good too, pitas super fluffy. I thought the beef kebob was a little dry. Rami's truck is good for super cheap, but this is much better. I don't understand the comparison some make between the two.I give the hummus itself 4 stars, as well as the grilled salmon.  sides were of mixed quality however.This place gets three stars for having a nice, varied menu and being open till 10pm. Service is also friendly. My first time there, the girl at the register offered to answer any questions I may have about the menu. I usually order the falafel platter or sandwich. Both of which are very yummy and filling. The hummus is off-the-hook creamy and delicious. The pita bread is also nice and warm. The only down side is that the seating arrangement inside is pretty tight and the chairs make a horribly loud and annoying noise when you pull them.Really really good. A bit over priced but you get a lot of food so it's worth it really. They only deliver with a minimum $10 order though so its not great for a solo night in. Oh and the only semi-negative is the garlic hummus has WAYYY too much garlic and oil on it. You end up with a 50/50 ratio of hummus to garlic oil...not so great.Review Summary: Ambience: 3/5  Food: 5/5   Service: 4/5
I love this place. 
I've waited a while to write this review because I knew I would have a lot time to gather more experience of this joint but I must say, I have been nothing but impressed. 
Every time I go I am always left very satisfied. Yes, it is a little pricier than some of the other places in University City, but it's well worth the money. I've tried the sandwiches and the platters, as well as all of the possible sides and a good number of the fillings (chicken kabob, beef kabob, falafel, etc). Nothing has disappointed me. The service is as friendly as it is efficient, and the lady who works the cashier knows a lot of my friends and I by name, which is always nice. 
The only bad thing about this place is how small the space is. During the cold winter months eating there is not a lot of fun because every time the front door opens the cold air literally penetrates every corner of the seating area : (This is one of my go-to places for a quick, delicious meal. Other yelpers have said all the basics, so all I'll add is this: if you order a Sabich, ask for the mango sauce (it's called amba, but only some of the employees seem to know this, so asking for 'mango sauce' is the way to go). It's a mild hot sauce usually made from mango, turmeric, vinegar, chili, and fenugreek, they keep a jar of it hidden behind the counter, and it makes the Sabich infinitely more delicious. Works well on falafel too.Excellent little spot for a quick Mediterranean bite!  Shwarma and falafel were excellent, tahini was creamy and delicious tastes homemade. Not much in the way of decor, quick eat in take out spot.U get ALOT of food for ur money! It's pretty good too. My fave is the falafel and hummus. My husband loves the salmon platter. I was surprised how inexpensive the salmon was. No complaints about Hummus from me. I recommend it.I had a pretty damn good felafel platter, one of the better ones I've had outside of Israel in fact. The felafel itself was very well seasoned, fresh and crunchy. The hummus was creamy, not grainy at all, but hearty. With the oil and a little of the tehina, it was delicious. Also, unexpected, the french fries with the platter were also great! Dipped with the hummus and hot pepper sauce, they were even better. The only part of the platter that keeps me from giving this place five stars were the veggies. The cucumber tomato salad was totally satsifactory and went well with the platter, but nothing special. The fried eggplant was the weakest part. Had good flavor but it wasn't crispy at all, rather, a bit chewy.  
Next time I'm going for the schwarma. I didn't taste it, but it looked great -- actual layers of meat, not just a block, which is what you find at most kebab/gyros/schwarma places here.I'm a pretty big fan of Hummus, even though that isn't typically the common sentiment. I am a HUGE fan of hummus and pita, and so this place really does it for me.
I usually opt for either the hummus or falafel sandwich, or the falafel or hummus platter. Either way, it's the same combination of ingredients and I enjoy them in all forms. I especially LOVE the pita here-- so soft and fluffy, and I always choose the wheat option because it tastes so darn good.
I find myself craving the food from Hummus often, which is how I know that I'm a true fan. Portion sizes are pretty big, service is quite fast, and prices aren't TOO high either. Makes for a solid meal!Hummus is one of my favorite places to eat by Penn!!! The falafel is amazing, fries are the secret menu item that few people get but are ridiculously good, and their tahini and hummus are wonderful. Getting a falafel platter will leave you stuffed, and their chicken shawarma or falafel pita sandwiches are awesome.I really like the falafel here and the pita, I feel portions of the sides (I get the platter usually) is smaller than it should. My main gripe is the service is usually pretty slow even if they are not busy (even when I went to their other location in university city)I have died and gone to Hummus.  Ahem.  My friend and I went to this place a few weeks back and totally enjoyed the experience.  Cashier was friendly and helpful and our food was ready very quickly.  I got the hummus platter which was totally delicious and actually a lot of food for the price.  There was lots of seating indoors and I felt refreshed after eating there.  I will be back!Hummus is conveniently located in University City and a delicious option for health-conscious or mediterranean-food loving people! Warning that the minute the clock strikes noon, the place gets flooded by the lunch rush. I was there with a friend at 11:30 and we were the only ones there. 11:45 the door opened and a couple people trickled in... but by 12 PM the line was throughout the small restaurant, people were standing waiting in line or waiting for food, people were hovering over tables hoping to find a place to sit. The service is pretty fast compared to their Greek Lady competitor and their bags are a little more durable (yay for not ripping bags). Also I love that their platters are cheaper than Greek Lady's and you get to pick 3 sides ;) I got 2 sides of hummus and their mix of tomatos/cucumbers. After all, a place called Hummus can't possibly have bad hummus! Their pita also tastes great and whole wheat doesn't sacrifice the taste as much as Greek Lady's does in comparison to their white pita. Soft and spongy with a slit that you can even fill with meat, hummus or whatever in the world you want. They also cater a lot of our seminars and their famous sign (Have you tried our (falafel) balls?) is super creative. Their falafel balls are decent, considering I don't like falafel! So many options all for a great price, try Hummus!I wasn't a big fan of their hummus... it was too.. creamy?  Just not my cup of tea.  The rest of my meal was fine (the potatoes were really yummy, but who doesn't love potatoes)  and if I was nearby I'd probably pop in, but nothing worth going out of my way for.The platters are very big portions.  i find that the sandwich tastes good but is a little hard to eat (and it needs more hummus - very uneven spread).
The hummus and pita taste very good.  
The meats are OK.  Definitely the schwarma tastes better than schnitzel.  The falafel is good too!Terrible hummus. Not true to any origin. Lame.i used my handy yelp iphone app to search for mediterranean food near work and came across this restaurant. i went to their website and saw that i could very conveniently place an online order. i ordered a chicken schwarma platter, which came with rice or pita, hummus, and two sides. since i'm gluten-free, i opted for the rice. my two sides were the baba ganoush (for which i had to pay an extra 75 cents) and cucumbers. the online ordering allows for any comments or requests so i made note of my gluten allergy and requested that they reduce cross contamination. 
my food was ready when i arrived. the downside to the online ordering is that there is only one line in the restaurant - for both those ordering in person and those who had either phoned or used the web to place their order. i had to stand behind a line of 6 people before i got to the register to pick-up my food. (i had paid online so there was no need for a transaction at the register. i essentially could have walked in, grabbed my food, and left. instead, i waited about 10 minutes for my turn at the register.) therefore, pick-up for already prepared orders could be improved. 
the total of my meal was about 11usd, and there was more than enough food for two meals. in all, the food was just ok. the flavors were acceptable but didn't really wow me. i've definitely had better mediterranean food and would likely not return here in the future.Hummus Grill is a decent spot. It's probably even better than average. But when you know there's better not far away, it's hard to see it that way. Saad's only a few blocks away is where it is at. But, on this night, we needed a place that delivered to our work place and that other's wanted. I'm not sure my coworkers know the glory of Saad's which is a bit into the West Philly side of town, whereas work is in the center of University City, the same area where Hummus Grill is located.
I got the Schnitzel. It was pretty good. My sides were beets and tabouli. It's impossible to mess beets up. They just need to be fresh. Tabouli, on the other hand, take more perfecting. It was decent, but no where near as good as Saad's, which possible has the best tabouli I have ever had. Yup, the bar is that high. So, no, the tabouli at Hummus was by no means bad.
The dish also came with rice. It was plain white rice. No flavor. No effort. Perhaps the biggest disappointment in this dish. They need to do better.
I also capped off my meal with baklava. It was good, really good. But, to be honest, every baklava I have ever had is really good. It's like impossible to mess up if you actually know what you're doing, or so it seems. But what is up with all of these restaurants giving pea sized overpriced portions of baklava?
Anyway, decent spot, maybe the best you can get delivered to you, so that's fine. But if Saad's is accessable, you need not waste your time and money here.I've been here more times than I can count. My ultimate favorite is the Chicken Shawarma Platter. The meat is juicy and tender, the vegetables are fresh, and the service is remarkable.  They used to deliver past the river into Center City, but they no longer do that.  If it wasn't for this fact, they would receive a higher rating. I live in center city and every time I crave Hummus, I have to drive out there (however, it is still worth the drive).The food here is great. As a vegan, I appreciate the fact that they label vegan-friendly items on their menu. The falafel sandwich is great.
However, shortly after witnessing a mouse run out of the bathroom and along a wall, I then got to watch an employee kill the mouse with a broom. Which, as an animal lover, counteracted any goodwill their intermittently-vegan-friendly menu generated.Don't let the name fool you, this place has far more to offer than delicious hummus.
They have many vegan options and mark their items accordingly.
Their falafels are amazing, the best I have had, and include more variety than the normal ingredients that most falafel makers tend to stick with. 
Personally I would recommend getting the platters as they are very large and give you much more bang for your buck (main dish along with hummus + pita and two sides).
Depending on the time of day there may be a wait, but it will be well worth it...just make sure you order enough so that you don't have to wait againI ordered the chicken kabob sandwich on the whole wheat pita. The pita was super fresh and tasty. Everything tasted fresh, cucumbers, cabbage and onions were crisp. The only complaint I have is that some of the ingredients of the sandwich were not evenly distributed. For example, I didn't taste any of the hot sauce until the last 3-4 bites of the sandwich, and it seemed like all of the meat was on top and none at the bottom. However, I really enjoyed it overall and would stop by again. Their prices are slightly higher than I typically like to pay for lunch, but manageable for a treat once a month or so.This place is fantastic. It appears to be an everyday run of the mill falafel shop, but it's actually a top-notch Israeli style joint. The food has been uniformly delicious in four times I've been there. Schwarma especially tasty, and excellent Zhug (green Yemeni/Israeli hot sauce).  
Yum. Check it out.I ordered through campusfood.com.  The food and the price were decent, but it took 1 hour 20 minutes for two falafel sandwiches to be prepared and travel 9 blocks.  Also, they got our sauces wrong.  Too bad, I was kind of excited about falafel deliveries...I wish I could give 3.5 stars.  We ordered delivery from this place the other night, and were overwhelmed by the amount of food!  Each platter comes with meat (or veggie options), hummus, and multiple other sides.  Lamb kabob was decent, chicken shawarma was a little dry (but better with tahini sauce/hummus/baba ganoush).  I'm not a huge fan of the way they make their tabbouli, and their potato side was also not my favorite.  The beet salad and baba ganoush was tasty, and I LOVE their hummus.  Overall not a bad option for a little Mediterranean fix.I've eaten here twice, maybe I need to give them another shot but so far I have been less than impressed.  My chicken filled pita immediately fell apart and not because the chicken was so juicy and delicious, that would have been acceptable.  I did not try the hummus so I can't offer an opinion. The staff is nice.Hummus is definitely my favorite middle-eastern sandwich shop in Philly. 
Every time I've been there I've ordered the Sabich... because not many other falafel places in the states even serve it. The eggplant is fried, but still light, and the eggs are hard boiled to perfection. It's awesome. I order it with tomatoes (I'm weird about cucumbers) and harif (hot sauce) which is extreeeeemely hot. Be careful if you're not a fan of spicy food but you want to try the harif, just order a little bit. 
The fries are decent and fresh, except sometimes they take a little while... which I suppose is worth it as the potato soaks up some of the heat from the harif. The pita is as fresh as can be, and I believe that you can order whole wheat pita! A healthful plus.
If you like middle-eastern food (for relatively cheap) give it a try. They definitely have an option for everyone.
My one point of contempt is the chairs. The tables are fine, but I actually hate the lightweight metal chairs which are cold and make horrible noises when dragged against the floor... I fully realize this is ridiculous, but I had to say it.Awesome Chicken Schwarma!! Get the Tabouli and Hummus sides.....very authentic! Very casual dining experience with excellent service!It took me an entire year to make my second visit, and I'm ashamed I haven't frequented this place more.
This place is small, but its very clean and far from being a 'hole in the wall'. The day that I went, the girl was actually training a new person. She kept apologizing for making me wait while she explained everything to the new girl - but my wait time was almost nonexistent (I was in there for no more than 15 minutes). 
I got my food to go, and went back to mi casa to dig in. My pita sandwich was so fresh - it's like they have a secret greenhouse in the back and they pick your veggies after you order. They put just the right amount of feta cheese on it too, and its not too tart like some other places nearby. My friend got hummus and falafel on his pita and loved it (however my hummus and falafel are better by default). And the fries are so good. They have that in-between texture of crispy/soggy with the right amount of salt. I also got the baklava, and me & my friend thought it was great.
Overall, Hummus has super fresh and tasty food, and their employees are fast and upbeat.Long lines, chilly inside, and food wasn't as good as i was hoping. it had a funny after taste.I love this place, I usually get the Chicken Kabob Platter with double hummus. Which the chicken is fresh an hot off the grille... My my my They have the best hummus I've ever had...hands down !!! The only problem I do have is finding a place to park so that I can go eat, if I'm lucky someone is pulling out so I can park! I base my visits on weather I can get a parking space unfortunately there have been times I had to keep moving due to no parking in the area its a busy location. Will be trying the Center City location soon!First review I've ever written but feel it's warranted here. I was in the West Philly area and thought I'd stop to grab something quick and a little different than the usual chains. I walked by Hummus and decided to check it out. Initially I was going to try a Falafel sandwich but I saw the chicken and asked if they had chicken sandwiches with garlic sauce. The cashier was so excited to hear this as she stated she was pushing to have the garlic sauce added, they had just added it, and I was the first customer to ask for it. When I asked how they made it, I was impressed to hear it done the traditional way my Lebanese family had always made it..with garlic, salt, and olive oil blended together. So I decided to pass on the falafel and try the chicken sandwich with garlic sauce.....and it was EXCELLENT! They have definitely gained a returning customer.I really do love Hummus. And their hummus is just as great as you'd imagine. My favorite is the "Hummus salad" which includes hummus (of course) with avocado, tomatoes, etc. Also the shwarma is awesome. This place is perfect where it's located, and I hope that it continues to stay in business and be popular for a long time to come.I grew up eating this food. The falafel sandwich here is extremely satisfying. No matter what you get you can see, feel, and taste the quality.Really enjoyed the food here.  Chicken skewer platter with hummus, carrots.  Appreciate that they offer whole wheat pita and brown rice.  Very generous servings too )(vegetarian/vegan)
Hummus is one of those rare places where I could go by myself or with a friend - it works either way. Although the place is very casual, it's clean and well organized. There are even some electrical outlets sprinkled throughout the restaurant, which is a nice gesture - many restaurants try to keep the Laptop Nation out, and I appreciated Hummus' support of my occasional attachment to my monitor.
The food is good - fresh, tasty, and authentic.  The falafel platter (which includes falafel, pita, hummus, fries/rice, and two sizable side salads) costs about $8, and can easily be enough for two, unless one of the two is either very hungry or very territorial.
For a casual, filling meal for under $10, Hummus is a good choice in the Penn area.This is one of those places that you wouldn't think to go to and then when you go you're like WHY HAVEN'T I BEEN HERE SOONER??!
But for real, this place is great. I got the salmon entree and the piece of salmon you get is huge! When I initially got it I thought they gave me the wrong order because it looked like a chicken breast!
The prices here are decent too. You'll pay about $12 but you get a ton of food. With my salmon I got a nice size portion of hummus with a whole pita, veggies, and a huge serving of rice. (With entrees you get 2 sides and a choice of fries or rice).
So needless to say I will be back here on several occasions. I love finding healthy places that fill me up!
Oh and it looks super small on the outside but the inside has a decent amount of seating!I just had a Sabish sandwich (fried eggplant and hard boiled egg sandwich . And it was one of the Best sandwiches I've ever had!All kinds  of flavor ect...!!!3.5 stars for me! I actually had to get this for take-out and eat my lamb pita when it wasn't so warm anymore. It was my first try so I did wish I had the chance to eat it warm.
The portion was reasonable but I did think the price could be about a dollar cheaper. The tikkai? sauce was very refreshening and fresh. At Hummus you get to choose what you want among the choices of a platter, sandwich, wrap (and maybe more) and the additional ingredients. I am not a fan of cucumbers but I strongly encourage trying it out inside your pita. The cucumbers and sauce and hummus combo go well with eachtother nicely. The cooked lamb and the freshening cucumber and sauce will give a nice tang when you bite into it. 
Hummus is a cool place for a quick grab. I did say it could be like a dollar cheaper, but when you are in a hurry and on Penn campus, Hummus may be the place to go. It's better than unhealthy McDonalds right next door and quicker than Bobby's palace nearby. I will definitely go back and try the other stuff on the menu. Can't wait to get the cucumber and white sauce mix again.my bf and i are new philly residents and came across this place on YELP. we found parking and headed in. we were very hungry and were ready to order. we looked at the menu and then waited/stood to be helped. My bf then asks the woman head cashier if she was ready to take our order and she responded (with an attitude) with "YES I MEAN ARE YOU READY" very rudely. My bf then asked her was she going to even greet us and she responded with "NO, I WASNT". I then stepped in and said we weren't going to continue with an order while dealing with this terrible customer service, we hadnt even had a chance to place our order yet! the lady then got mad and said "BYE THEN, BYE BYE!!!!" literally yelled at us until we walked out, very rudely and loudly. I am appalled that someone so rude is the face of Hummus Grill. I was very excited to try this restaurant out but bad customer service does not deserve my funds. Owners: get someone welcoming and kind on your register. she is not it!It was not my intention to be insulting or offending by describing Hummus as a hole in the wall, but I stick to my previous review. A hole in the wall describes a small establishment, it does not have a negative connotation this day and age - many small places have amazing food.
However, the owner obviously cannot accept constructive criticism. I still maintain my opinion about Hummus and now definitely won't be back.I ordered the lamb kabob platter with fries, beet salad, hummus, and eggplant. The lamb was really fatty maybe just from the cut of meat that they used. The eggplant was dried out. The beet salad and hummus were great. You get a ton of food for the price but it was just ok.Hummus is hit or miss here. It's been way to salty sometimes? and sometimes it's been bland.Two words: falafel platter.
As stated: choice of fries or rice (go with fries - skin on, crispy and delicious), 8 delicious pieces of falafel, two sides (I'm a huge fan of the cabbage and the fried eggplant), hummus (smooth, creamy and delicious, drizzled w/ extra olive oil), warm fluffy whole wheat / white pita.... for under $10 and very filling and sooo good..From the outside, Hummus doesn't look like much. It's basically a small brick one-story storefront with a single sign that becons you with big-bold-back-lit letters reading "hummus".  
Given the stark exterior,  stepping inside reveals a pleasant surprise. The interior is nicely decorated with warm colors and trendy furniture. It's a very clean and comfortable atmosphere. Most importantly, though, the food is pretty good. I'm no expert on middle eastern food, but I do know what I like and I've never been let down here. It's a good alternative to the UPenn food carts; a little more expensive, but in my opinion, a step up in quality. The staff is always friendly and you won't have to wait long for your food. I recommend it. 
Oh, and if they ask you if you want hot sauce, say yes!Decent felafel.  Good customer service.  Decent prices.  They take LevelUp! :-)If anyone is ever in the University city area, I encourage you to check hummus grill out!. The food here is delicious and fresh. The staff was nice and friendly and the service was excellent and fast.
I came here today, on the prowl for a good tasting salad while walking down Walnut St, I then saw Hummus grill, I went in, checked out the menu and noticed that they offered salads Yes!! So I decided to try the roasted pear salad! I also got hummus on the side and whole wheat pita bread.
I have to mention when I first looked at the salad I didn't think it was going to be all that good, it just looked kinda bland and dull, but as I begin to pour the dressing on the salad and mix everything together I begin to discover all the other hidden ingredients. My salad had of course roasted pears, cranberries, delicious chunks of goat cheese, candied pecans, onions and arugula what more can I say it was just wonderful. The hummus and pita bread was also tasty.
I highly recommend this place for good quality Mediterranean food!I've had food from here so many times in the last few years-- time to give Hummus some Yelp love. I'm sitting at the counter just inside the store right now, enjoying a stellar grilled veggie platter. Everything in front of me is so, SO on point. Perfect tabouli-- the bulgur still has some tooth and it's not drowning in lemon. Rice so fluffy and buttery I can't/don't want to stop shoveling it into my face. Crisp, spicy hot peppers and tart pickles. Fresh, well-seasoned veggies, warm whole wheat pita, and, of course, gorgeous, creamy hummus. I really could not ask for more out of this lunch. 
This isn't just a fluke. Hummus delivers consistently fresh, solid food I can feel good about eating. And the service is AWESOME. Love this place and I'll keep coming back.We stopped for a quick bite here. The tiramisu was excellent. The lamb pita was good tooI really, really, really wanted to love this place. I love middle eastern food, but sadly I found the food to be very bland and my chicken seemed undercooked (pink inside). I was so disappointed. Also I didn't find any dessert options here. The best part was probably just the mango juice out of  can. Can't really go wrong with mango juice.Such good food, amazing taste and good prices. Really loved the falafel sandwich, hummus tastes great and also enjoy the beets!! They also deliver which is great.ooh i love hummus. i usually get the chicken shawarma platter with the purple cabbage, potato salad, hummus and rice on the side. it's so much food - i always have leftovers afterwards to take home for a midnight snack.Luv this place. This place is Da Bomb !!! Very flavorful & good price. I can come & enjoy my meats while my vegetarian  Fam & friends can enjoy there great vegetarian foods.It is tiny so I would suggest getting your food to go.  I had the lamb platter, which came with fries, pita, hummus, and potato salad. The meat was nicely seasoned but pretty tough and the garlicky hummus was great on the pita. I personally liked the mustard flavored potato salad but you have to like mustard. Fries were pretty good. everything is prepared in front of you and made to order, which is rare and very much appreciated. Portions are pretty good and it came to $25 for 2 platters. Not bad!  Meze is still my go-to place for lamb but the prices here are maybe $2 cheaper  it was also pretty busy today and all tables inside and out were taken. A good, inexpensive option if you're on campus and want to grab a quick bite.I kept hearing people complain about the hummus not being tasty, or the prices being way to ridonk so I never really tried this place.. I mean Ramis is like right there and I happen to love me some Ramis.. but when my boss ordered food from hummus for our monthly staff meeting I realized how much I've been missing out on.. The hummus is so delicious.. in a very simplistic way. I literally ate it with my fork after making my little falafel and hummus pita.. yummmmmmmmmmmmm
 the other spread we got, I think it was baba ganoush was not good at all.. But the HUMMUS at HUMMUS is NICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...haahah I just really had to say that
the pita was super fresh, we got our food super quick after ordering too... the falafel wasn't nearly as good as ramis or mamas vegetarian but for that hummus I can deal with it.Got the chicken platter with cabbage and fried eggplant. Both the sides were great. Cabbage gives for a great extra sweetness and crunch. A little on the pricey end for lunch, but serving is enough to save for leftovers and eat for dinner.Yum! Whenever I'm looking for something other than gyros, or burritos, or yucky dining hall food, I find refuge at Hummus. Pretty much everything on their menu is delicious. My favorites include their falafel sandwich, which is ridiculously filling, a joyful mixture of textures, and only $6!
They cater lots of events at Penn, so I've been able to try just about everything on their menu. Their chicken schawarma is juicy and very tasty. And their hummus is unbelievably creamy and hearty, the best qualities to a well made hummus. Hummus salad is one of my favorites.
Only cons are that some of the dishes, for example their salads, while delicious, are a little overpriced. Mind's well go to sweetgreen for their prices. Also, it takes FOREVER if you come at the wrong time. I've waited 20 minutes for a falafel sandwich at times. If you're looking for something spicy and unique, give this place a try!
Pros: delicious!, lots of variety
Cons: price, long wait time
Dishes to try: Falafel Sandwich, Chicken Schawarma, Hummus Salad
Dishes to skip: Cuban cigarsThe shawarma is AMAZING! I ate here for the first time and got the combination platter with a coworker and it was delicious. I love how u can build ur own pita with all the ingredients n the platter. In my platter I got shawarma, falafel, chicken potato salad and cabbage and they all come with pita and hummus. I would def recommend this place to anyone!This place is VERY popular.  That being said, the interior is quite small and cramped.  They really don't have anywhere to expand to being in this location.  So be warned if you are claustrophobic.
The food is pretty good - I had the hummus salad and it was all pretty fresh.  It even comes with a warm pita (White or whole wheat).
I'd recommend trying it - Would be best on a warm day (I think they have outdoor seating which would help the crowding situation)Don't let it's location next to McDonalds and outer fast-food-ish appearance fool you; the food here is delicious.
If I'm ever in the mood for falafel, this is where I'll go. For about $8 you get falafel, rice/fries (the fries are pretty good, but as a platter I definitely choose the rice), a big mound of hummus, pita, and two side veggies. Definitely a good sized meal full of variety, and it all tastes great.
I've also had their shawarma, which was tasty but a little on the greasy side for my taste.
The cashiers are generally very nice, and while the staff will routinely botch your name when they call your order (even if it's a straightforward one), it's not tough to figure it out.
Often I get take-out since the seating is minimal and cramped, but if you are lucky enough to get a table it's fine.I got the food delivered last night. Delivery was very fast, food was overall good, I had combination platter with chicken shawarma. Great chicken but falafel was so so. They are very nice and fast delivery.Big fan! Conveniently located close to UPenn's campus. This is a double-edged sword because it gets extremely crowded at lunch on weekdays. 
I loved the falafel sandwich I got - super filling and only about $6. If I were getting takeout or could get to a fridge quickly, I'd probably always get a platter. You get so much food (enough for 2 meals for me) for about $10-11.A favorite lunch spot in University City - very quick, very filling, and delicious. My favorite is the chicken shawarma.I love the flavor of the chicken shawarma here, although I did find the meat to be a bit on the dry side.  We had catering for a meeting, and the spread of Israeli salad (solid with chopped cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions in a lemon-olive oil dressing), cabbage salad (loved this!  a lightly-sauteed shredded red cabbage dish that is a good base for the hummus), and hummus with pita was solid.  The grape leaves are also decent.  Overall, the food here is good and I love the variety of the sides, which also include a mint carrot salad and beet salad as well as cauliflower fritters.  It's a great option for vegans and very conveniently located near campus.I would have given this place more stars, but the last two times I've gone there, I've felt rather sick a couple hours after eating it. I always get the Chicken Kabob platter with rice, tomato/cucumber salad, pita and hummus. I love their hummus -- very creamy, nice light flavor, and their pita is so fluffy. But, the chicken is always left sitting out for lord knows how long and has seemed undercooked the last two times. I tried microwaving it, but I don't think it helped. I don't think I'll be getting any meat next time. However, I do like it enough to go back and get veggie dishes. Just no undercooked, salmonella-bearing chicken please...Great food. And to the guy who got food poisoning eating schnitzel...why would you buy schnitzel from a shawarma place?I enjoyed their hummus and falafel platter. The place has a modern decor and everything was delicious. The veggies were fresh and the service was good. They were busy and had a huge line, but we didn't have a problem waiting.Hummus is decent. I pretty much go here when I don't want to wait/deal with the crowd at Saad's, or if I already have to be at that specific spot for some reason.
Their falafel is not the best but for a chain it's passable. Their hummus is good though. 
This location has forgotten to give me my pita on several occasions when I got take out though, so double checking is a good idea.This is a review for the takeout/delivery service, so I can't speak for the dining in experience! Always on the lookout for quality vegetarian food, I thought I'd order up some Hummus (with falafel, tomato cucumber salad and greek salad) for two. My dining partner is a fan of onions so I'll let her write a review about how good they were. I wouldn't eat an onion if Nick Cave himself was standing before me in a loincloth holding one out to me and singing "Do You Love Me?", but I digress... at least there weren't any surprise anchovies up in that salad. 
Let's talk about how important a fresh pita is to a picky palate: Very. We chose the whole wheat one and it was fresh and warm and smelled like... well, fresh baked bread. The tomato cucumber salad, hummus, falafel and rice (you could have fries if you wanted but that would have been a distracting experience) were neatly assembled so we could pack our pitas and dang did we create some amazing sandwiches out of that. Everything was so fresh and flavorful... I could have stood a little more garlic in the hummus, but other reviews have said the hummus was too garlicky so maybe I need help. 
As one reviewer said, the feta was perfect. We didn't even need the dressing on the salad. Good assortment of peppers and greens (HOLY ARUGULA BATMAN!)
I wish we could give half stars on Yelp because I would give 4 1/2. Delivery seemed to take a very long time and I would have liked a larger salad for the price we paid especially since we were splitting it all, but I will certainly be ordering again.I decided to hit this place up to try something new. I love middle eastern dishes, and so I thought, why not? I entered into this place that seemed pretty small, but was a bit bigger than expected when I went inside.
It took me about 5 minutes before I could order because the cashier was busy doing something, but hey, life happens. She greeted me and I decided to order the combination platter. I got the combination platter that normally comes with shawarma and falafel, with your choice of 3 sides and one meat. I went with the schnitzel for my third choice.
Despite the place being named "Hummus grill", their hummus was a bit disappointing in terms of the flavor. It tasted quite bland. The schnitzel was fried to nice crisp, and had a good flavor to it. The shawarma to my disappointment did not have much flavor. These were my first falafel experience, and they were quite nicely seasoned, maybe a little bit over, so I ate these with the hummus. The pita bread was more like a fluffy pancake, but when I get pita I expect pita bread, not pancakes. The fried eggplant was better than expected with a small kick of spice, and tabuli was more like salsa, except garbage (too vinegary? The kick is sort of like that)
The portion size was good however, and about half of the food had good flavor, so I will give it a three star for the food.Their Greek salad is wonderful but for the price, it could be a bit bigger. Everything was delightful, clearly made within the past twenty minutes, and the feta cheese has left me breathless. I am in lust with it. 
The pita bread was/is fantastic. Needless to say,  it's something worth calling home about.
Delivery time, well, luckily I have the paitence of a glacier but my dining partner was hungry. We waited forty minutes (give or take) for a salad and falafel platter.
Regardless, it was wonderful. Accept no substitutes (like Moaz, eugh).Ordered the salmon salad. Salmon was good but salad was not. Just a plain salad and it cost almost $10. Had to add my own dressing and croutons when I got home. Definitely not worth the price.I don't really consider myself a Meditteranean food connoisseur, but I have been enjoying Hummus. I moved to the area recently, and work half a block away. I usually get the salad plate with Israeli salad, carrots, and baba ghanoush and add a chicken kebab (delicious!) and avocado. It comes in over $12 but there is SO much food (though some days more than others, depending who is packing it) and I'm usually stuffed even if I don't finish it. It definitely will be a regular in my lunch rotation!I went here the other night and must say it is a pretty good place to get some middle eastern food. At first look I thought that it was going to be mediocre at best. The exterior looked a little too.....nice, like they were going to have some sort of watered down version of middle eastern. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw a nice spit of shwarma roasting behind the counter. The line was pretty long and it seems very popular. After placing my order, I had to wait again but the wait was worth it. I ordered the shwarma platter and a Turkish coffee while my wife got the falafel platter. The shwarma was very good and nicely seasoned. I saw many posts on here complaining about the hummus but I loved it (do not expect the stuff you get at the supermarket). The pits were soft and warm. My wife's falafel was nice and crispy while nicely spiced. My Turkish coffee was probably the best part of my already great meal. Just bitter enough to be good but not too bitter as to be off putting. If ,or when, I live in this area I will be a frequent visitorI went to Hummus 2 days in a row.  The first day that I went, I had the falafel platter with baba ganoush, tabouli, hummus, french fries and whole wheat pita.
I was less than impressed by it.  The tabouli was not at all what I was used to for tabouli.  There was a LOT of bulgur and only a little bit of parsley.  I am used to the inverse being true.  It just wasn't what I was expecting/used to.  The french fries on top of the fried falafel was not a good choice.  I was very tired of fried.  The hummus and the baba ganoush were a little too similar in taste to be what I was looking for (and it costs $0.75 to have baba ganoush as a side)
The hot sauce was green and primarily made up from jalapeno peppers.  Tasty, but again not really what I was expecting.  It and the tahini were serve yourself though.
The 2nd day I returned because one of my friends had wanted to try it and they were not with me the day before.  I decided to go with the Chicken Shawarma platter this time.  It was like a completely different meal (duh).  I loved everything that I had on my plate.  I went with the white pita (actually, this wasn't much different), roasted eggplant, beet salad and rice.  The beet salad was AMAZING.  If you like beets, you need to get the beet salad.  I finished all of mine as well as some of someone else since they had ordered it a la carte and it was HUGE.  It's hard to go wrong with roaster eggplant and they didn't.  Definitely worth the return trip.
The portions are HUGE and well worth the slightly high prices.I ate here recently and was very impressed.  The decor was pretty basic, and the eating space was a little cramped, but the food more than made up for it.  I got the hummus salad, which was simply a bed of fresh vegetables and delicious hummus.  The hummus was perfect and the salad was filling.Despite the fact that they are the same, I prefer this Hummus Grill over the other locations. I don't know exactly why - food seems a little better, I like the seating available, and maybe it's because we've gone here more with friends. 
Regardless, solid, tasty, filling Mediterranean food. The platters are where it's at IMHO; lots of protein choices (including salmon! and lamb!), choice of three salads/veggies with fries or rice, and it comes with pita. Meats are cooked well (although once the salmon was overcooked and I was quite disappointed), especially the shawarma which is always well seasoned, and they have some of the better tasting falafel in the city. Prices aren't too bad given the food quality and amount, and of the places in the area to eat at, it's one of the first choices. Particularly great for lunch or a quick meal before heading to the movies.