I want to come back here for brunch every weekend!!! I had the breakfast salad which was amazing- whoever thought of putting hash browns and bacon bits in a salad is a genius, I'm just mad I didn't think of it myself!
On top of the food being delicious the decor was adorable- I can't resist a restaurant with great interior decor, bonus points for all the cute lil plants in the windows. The waitstaff were super nice and although I went for brunch on a Saturday there was no wait time. If you're a brunch hoe like me you've got to try this place!Awesome ambiance. Slightly limited bar menu. Very delicious meal. Will come back and highly recommend.
Unsure of need for reservations since the visit was on Saturday night of MDW.Very relaxed local spot. Menu changes depending on time of the day, so make sure you look online before you go there they're offering what you want. Enjoyed my experience including local beers on tap and wine on top. Would recommend to anyone.Bad experience! I've visited a few times for breakfast and lunch. I tend to always head here when I'm in the area because I like that they have ultimo coffee. I had a doctors appointment early during the week and decided to head here before work (8am). The service was terrible! Two staff member on totally inconvenienced that we decide to dine in. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with the chicken sausage. Staff member responded "do you need anything else from the kitchen I only want to go back once" my wife ordered a biscuit which they refused to heat up. The staff member entered the order in the kitchen and decided to grab a table for himself and enjoy his own breakfast. Not sure I will returnGreat space. Bright with lots of windows right in the heart of Queen Village. Clean. Excellent service. I had a delicious breakfast salad - mixed greens, lentils, scallions, pancetta (yum!), and a few more things I can't recall (all delicious) topped with two poached eggs. Unleash the yolk and the salad becomes even better. And the salad was accompanied by a think slice of toasted multigrain bread. Butter and apple butter were provided as spreads. Washed it down with an on tap Deschutes Cream Ale. The other three in my party all loved their food too. Thumbs up all around.Llimited brunch menu but what I had was pretty good.  I had an egg sandwich on a homemade english muffin with scrapple and a hash brown.  It was a little bland on the taste side, but I added hot sauce to add some flavor.  The place is small, but luckily I was there early enough so as not to have to wait for a table.  The service was fast and friendly, but I did get the sense our waitress was trying to rush us out.  We also had mimosas with grapefruit juice which were different and delicious.We had been wanting to try Hungry Pigeon for a while and we finally got the chance on a rainy English-type afternoon this past weekend. It's a small space with large windows decorated with several plants -- a very inviting atmosphere! There are outlets by the tables and it struck me as a great spot to do some work on a laptop or read a book by the rain-splattered windows. 
We had a lovely little lunch there. Their menu changes regularly, so I was excited to see what was in store for us! I got the olive oil poached tuna. It was a light, simple dish with marinated cucumbers and potatoes and banana peppers, cooked tuna, and all on olive bread, topped with a hard boiled egg. It was a freshing and tasty lunch time meal. We also sampled some of the Nebbiolo wine with our meal. 
For dessert, there were many options to choose from that were right on display at the counter where you order -- just waiting to be picked. We each got a large slice of the cherry pie with vanilla ice cream on the side. The pie was divine. I am not usually a fan of cherry pies, but this one was exceptional. The crust, the ice cream and the cherries all contributed to a delectable bite. 
I will definitely be coming back here for breakfast and dinner. I would also recommend this place for a coffee and a catch up or a good read by the window.Because of such high marks, great reviews and being in the Philadelphia Magazines top 50 I decided to try this restaurant. My dining experience was on a Thursday late in the evening. The staff was pleasant and the place had a great overall mood with a chill vibe. 
As for dining I was simply, satisfied. Of the three food items I highly recommend the Cider turnips if you like root vegetables, the old garlic mushrooms were cooked to perfection and succulent however they lacked flavor of any kind including the three large bulbs of garlic in the bowl . The pork skin tacos were quite unusual but delicious. I was disappointed they didn't have draft beer and the Molson I ordered was room temperature.
Many of the glowing reviews were about the breakfast items, maybe I'll come back and give them a try. This may be where they really shine. Otherwise the food was sufficient as well as the service I was just not overly impressed.Went for dinner. The food was good, but nothing to rave about except the Chicken from the main courses. The sea food main course was not that good and underwhelming. 
We did not try starters, so cannot comment on that.
Ambience is so so, our waiter was not too friendly and no one even bothered to acknowledge us when we left. Kind of a downer all in all.
With so many great restaurants in Philly, not going back.The review is an average of a 3 and a 1.  I have had breakfast here 3 times on weekdays, twice in weekends, dinner once and Lunch once.  There are things I have had that are good.   The burger, the egg sandwich, the biscuits and gravy.  But there are just too many mistakes.  
The service is a little uneven which I can forgive in the beginning.   3 dollars for a single mug of coffee with no refills.  Regular restaurant prices for a "glass" of wine served in a small juice cup.  Not sure if uts supposed to be homey but That's a little much.   But I had an entree with uneven roasted veggies that could've easily been diagnosed in the kitchen or at the pass.  I just had an oyster mushroom hash a week or two ago.  The hash was bit particularly rich on its own.  Which could have been fine if the eggs on top had not been so over cooked that the yolks were dried and flaking out.  A hash is premade and the only skill is an appropriately cooked egg.  I did not even eat half of it.  I was sat at the counter and didn't feel like complaining on my own and the server didn't even ask if everything was OK when I returned a plate full of good with eggs hardly touched.  
That is my issue with the service and the place.  The menu sounds good, the room is great, the baked items are great, the coffee is good if not pricey.   But the food, for its prices and wait, is just not being paid attention to.  You cannot send out seriously over or undercooked good at those prices.   
I live nearby.  I want to love it.  And I still go for a quiet weekday and u do now understand how to order.  But three bells, same as vedge or osteria etc, I just don't see it at allI had only heard great things about Hungry Pigeon and I knew I wanted to check it out for myself.  The chef/owner, Scott, was really helpful with addressing my food allergies.  I actually emailed him the night before to make sure there would be an option available for me and he got back to me pretty quickly.  When I came in, he greeted me from the kitchen and made me a beautiful kale and apple salad.  It was delicious and incredibly fresh.  My friend went with the burger and said it pretty phenomenal, too.  Although the food menu is a bit small, it seems like they're executing each dish really well.  
The atmosphere in here was pleasant, although I can see it getting really busy/loud here on weekends.  I was surprised to learn that they serve alcohol, too.  I feel like this could easily be our new neighborhood go-to and can't wait to return!We went for brunch....bland food...really oily...service was meh. All in all wouldn't go back at that time. We will try dinner next fime...seems like best reviews are from that menu.Nice atmosphere.   Mediocre egg n cheese sandwich (coming from an enthusiast).  Good coffee(ultimo), no refills though.   I'll try again in a month and stick to  my regular Sam's, Honeys, Hawthornes rotation.Went for dinner. All around solid meal. Everything was cooked perfectly and flavors were perfectly balanced. 
Bras D'or oysters - fresh/good
Chicken liver mousse - average, needed a      
     sweet element in my opinion
Eggplant dip - good
Summer squash - good
Lobster buttered noodles - very good, must 
      get, noodles were perfectly al dente
Summer steak - very good, a meal in itself!Yaaas. I had some sort of hot buttery whisky drink recommended by the gentleman taking my order, which was the perfect concoction for a cold day lunch date with a friend. I paired that with a grilled cheese and felt like I could hang in there for a good couple of hours with the size of the sand which. Across from me in my friend's sizzling skillet was a chicken curry dish, which was also warm and seasoned to perfection. Warm and savory was the perfect combo for our lunch date and I loved the coziness inside this place. It's perfect for journaling or doing work, or as we were, catching with a friend. Not the cheapest option around, but you get what you pay for‍Great breakfast spot. We got sweets, egg sandwiches and coffees. Everything was delicious and we try to visit each time we come to Philly now.Where did your lunch burger go, and why was the cashier dismissive and rude when I asked? I legitimately still want to know why such a well-regarded item was removed. I had a chopped salad, croissant, and some of my husband's delicious fries. I was really looking forward to eating here and read the review in The Inquirer as well as looked at the menu on the current website and left disappointed and hungry.Great brunch place on the weekends! Good mix of a sweet and savory menu! Fruit pastries, meats, hashbrowns. Great customer service! They don't take reservations or call ahead seating but we didn't wait long and it was worth it! Yum!Grabbed lunch at the Hungry Pigeon with our family of 9 on a quick visit to Philly. Our party consisted of all ages, from 6 to almost 70 and we all left very satisfied. The menu was fresh and interesting. I had a pulled pork sandwich that blew me away, which is not easy as I'm used to Carolina BBQ currently residing in Raleigh. We also loved the full cafe options to accompany our desert, the baristas definitely held it down. This will be added to our must visit places any time we are in Philly.Six of us shared the chef's choice,full course meal ($45/person). It was served family style,with generous servings. Several dishes were standouts :  shishito peppers in romanesco sauce, grilled goat fish and meringues with pastry cream and fresh berries were particularly noteworthy.All the dishes were carefully prepared and seasoned well. The excellent servers were very attentive,knowledgeable,  and personable. They graciously replaced a glass of wine I didn't care for, and took careful note of  food allergies. I would definitely return.I'm sorry but it's not good.  We just had brunch there and the only things that were even acceptable were the bread basket and the hash brown and these were only just acceptable.  My scrambled eggs were completely liquid inside (yuck!) and the gravy for the biscuits and gravy was separated and hardly had any sausage in it, the biscuits were just fair.  The staff, although friendly enough, were pretty clueless.  I mean who brings tea and coffee w/o sugar and cream and then when asked to bring sugar and cream doesn't bring spoons?  Then she brings a bread basket (the delivery of this was weird too) w/o giving us plates.  Now, all that being said, we will give dinner a chance.  We will wait a month or two in hopes that the staff will get a clue.
Update several months later: we went back for dinner and it was much better.  The staff were way more on top of things and the dinner food was a significant improvement over the breakfast food we had previously 
Back again for the ACLU dinner this week, I know there were other chefs cooking besides the owner of THP but just wanted to say the staff was great and kudos to THP for hosting such a great event!This place is so fuckin awesome!  The appetizer (asparagus in blue cheese), the entree (tuna and mushroom kebobs) and the dessert (white cake with rhubarb sauce) were all good.  Only complaint from a friend was that the food was mildly on the warm side, but that's very minor when the food tastes this good.Love this place!  I've only been for breakfast, but it has always been delicious.  We usually sit at the communal table because that seems to be where you get directed to with kids, but we frequently meet some other family or chat to other diners.  It's nice and the staff has always been excellent.  The bread basket seems pricey but it is carb heaven so definitely consider it!Great drinks. Super friendly staff! Try a hot chocolate with rum! Delicious!!! The food is great too!Dutch Baby, Breakfast Salad with biscuit, Breakfast Sandwich with chicken sausage. Bread basket.Every time I'm in Philly this is a must stop spot!!..and I'm coming all the way from North Jersey! Go and check out the Hungry Pigeon! The food, the vibe, and the people are all five stars!!Yikes. I'm typically fairly easy to please at restaurants, but brunch at the Hungry Pigeon was truly disappointing. First, the menu. Why such a limited selection? My disappointment in the limited choices was compounded by the lack of any specials and the fact that the dozen or so choices weren't that good. A $14 chopped vegan salad? That's all the menu said. A) Most salads are inherently vegan, unless stated otherwise (ie Cobb salad) and B) There was no description of the salad. The menu truly just said Chopped Salad. When we asked the waitress what it was, her description was less than appetizing. Lentils, potatoes and olives over greens...? Why? 
Don't get me started on the porridge, which a tablemate got. It looked absolutely Dickensian. 
Two of us settled on the "breakfast salad." It was OK, except the greens were not really chopped and the bacon was super salty and just plain odd. The coffee was off, too - not that the server offered any refills. 
Sadly, this brings me to my last point: the service was terrible. We refilled our own waters by fetching a carafe off an empty table and my friend had to go up and ask for napkins. 
Just skip Hungry Pigeon.The food took an eternity to come; but when it came... WOW, the food was piping hot, and full of flavor. I highly recommend the Apple Baby, baked on premises. The hash browns were so crispy, and the biscuits and gravy... oh the biscuits and gravy. I think I am moving to Philadelphia. I highly recommended eating here but be forewarned to expect a wait.What a wonderful find! Brunch here was so interesting and delicious. I had a rice porridge with avocado, kimchi, vegetables and a poached egg; the dish really came together to make wonderful flavors and textures! I also got a croissant, which was perfect. The people next to me got dank looking egg sandwiches with a whole hash brown inside the sandwich! Also the deep dish pancake that they ordered was enviable. This place is definitely worth your brunching, and it won't hurt your wallet much!I get pissed when someone charges me an insane amount of money for 2 slices of bacon. I can literally get a pound from the Amish at Reading Terminal at the exact same price. That being said, I'll just do that from now on. 
I also get annoyed when I'm at brunch and have to pay $5 (tip...tax...) per cup of (hand-poured? Something like that) coffee. Just make a French press and keep em coming. I just paid $8 for slices of bacon! for Like Noord and their bottomless French (I mean how much coffee could one person drink anyways) it's just water. And a couple spoons. Or Green Eggs with their endless La Colombe. 
But seriously, besides these gripes. It's still obviously 5 star. Maybe it should be 4 stars for annoying me but I have a pricey but happily filled tummy currently. 
I haven't had a horrible meal from here. I've only come for brunch, or for pastries, and once for dessert only. 
Literally amazing each time. Can even bring my little vegan friends here or if we're feelin all "healthy" after the gym. Or come here for a buttery egg cheese bacon sandwich. Yumm. 
The pastries are out of sight. The best I've had for brunch yet in this city. If you're out to impress your house guests, and you want to look now in PJs and coffee mugs and don't want to wait for a table--Come grab a bag full of pastries to bring home from here instead!Been once for lunch and had the pigeon. So fresh and delicious. Went for dinner and had chicken liver toast and the rockfish with polenta. Wife had gnocchi and pork skewers. Everything is clearly well sourced, impeccably fresh and prepared carefully but without fuss. The best part is the vibe though. It's the neighborhood restaurant that everyone wishes was in their neighborhood. Can't wait to go back.Newly opened. Great space, beautifully finished. First day of breakfast/lunch today and, despite some technical difficulties with software, they put out a great product. Food & coffee were excellent. Sticky bun was outstanding!!
The whole counter service, get your own water, number on a stand thingies need to be figured out as they're a little awkward right now. They're likely just teething problems like all new places go through however so I'll be back to see how that changes. Bottom line is the food is great, the place is a welcome addition to the area and the service is friendly. Keep up the good work you guys!Foobooz and Laban have gone overboard, thus expectations are way too high for Hungry Pigeon. This is clearly not the #1 restaurant in Philadelphia, nor is it worthy of 3 bells...especially when it comes to dinner. They typically have 3 entrees, 1 of which is rarely available, and the response to complaints about that highlights that arrogance trumps customer enjoyment. Vernick has the best chicken in Philadelphia, yet they don't limit their customers to 40 servings a week...they are also recognized by the James Beard Foundation, not Foobooz. If you want to make chicken a novelty, go ahead, serve 10 people a night and then also provide a backup entree of red or white meat once it drops off. Servers call this a family style restaurant, but if you're a party of 4 after 6:45 you get to share the lone 2 entrees, bass and eggplant. 
Moving on from the entrees, the raw NJ scallop was good, but much sloppier than the presentation at Friday Saturday Sunday. With drinks, I typically prefer that the lipstick from the customer before me is removed from my glass, not the case tonight. I also don't love 20 minute wait times. Charge customers for bread only if it compares to restaurants that serve better bread for free (Little Fish, Barclay) and season your squid. I'm sure breakfast lives up to the hype, maybe lunch as well, but dinner needs a lot of work.I'm sorry but it's not good.  We just had brunch there and the only things that were even acceptable were the bread basket and the hash brown and these were only just acceptable.  My scrambled eggs were completely liquid inside (yuck!) and the gravy for the biscuits and gravy was separated and hardly had any sausage in it, the biscuits were just fair.  The staff, although friendly enough, were pretty clueless.  I mean who brings tea and coffee w/o sugar and cream and then when asked to bring sugar and cream doesn't bring spoons?  Then she brings a bread basket (the delivery of this was weird too) w/o giving us plates.  Now, all that being said, we will give dinner a chance.  We will wait a month or two in hopes that the staff will get a clue.Yelpers made us nervous, despite my brother's allegiance to breakfast at the Pidge, as he calls it. From first bite, we were eye rolling the haters on Yelp. Perhaps they had bad experiences, but ours was nothing but delicious and delightful. Our 6pm Monday dinner allowed us access to the coveted fried chicken, which is definitely a worthy fried chicken, but it might have been the special pork meatloaf that stole the show. I don't eat meatloaf (or any other ground up and put back together meat dishes) but my one bite turned into an entire piece. We ate most of the menu and they were all worthy bites. If you make it there soon, try everything peach, you won't regret it.Great atmosphere, friendly service, pretty good brunch.
Came here for an early Sunday afternoon meal and enjoyed a breakfast bowl, frittata, and croissant. You can tell this place prides itself on it's baked goods because out of everything that croissant was the best. Flakey, savory, and absolutely delicious. The breakfast bowl had some suprising spice that gave it some nice complexity. Frittata was good, but cold, which isn't generally my preference on the serving of the dish.
Staff did mix up our order, but were quick to bring out the correct item. We were also sat pretty quick, which was great for such a highly talked about restaurant at peak brunch hours.
Generally meal was good and we enjoyed our time, but there wasn't anything that blew me away or puts this among the best restaurants in the city. Compared to similar higher end brunch places in the city this place is solidly middle of the pack for me.If I lived closer I would just hang out here all day and drink coffee and eat the delicious bread. But I don't.  Dinner was amazing. This is one of those places where you want to ignore your instinct not to order the chicken. The grilled chicken with quinoa tabouli was a perfect dish - the sauce was key, tying the whole thing together. The chicken liver mousse, grilled peaches and tomato and bread heel salad were the other highlights. My only critique of a dish was that I thought the peaches could have used a touch of acidity or salt to balance the sweetness. Dessert - a plum financier was also perfection. Love the fact they have reasonably priced wines on tap. A bunch of reviews I read focused on the noise level. They are correct that the restaurant has particularly poor acoustics, but I say, have another glass of wine and speak up. Nothing to get fixated on. Will definitely be back.One of my favorite foodie restaurants in Philly- and the prices are totally fair. There's a lot of variety in the small plates and entries, but I got the feeling that they over-cater to the vegan population (only a couple small plates contained meat, and only one of three entries.) That being said, everything I ordered was fantastic. Don't miss the brussels sprouts, squash dip, and mushroom entrée. The country chic ambience was perfect for a date or get-together of any kind.Enjoyed a fantastic, cozy dinner here with my sister.  Really like the concept of this place, which is simple and relaxed, offering well executed food, breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day. 
We were lucky enough to be seated at a quiet, lone  2-top near the kitchen, and our server warmly walked us through the menu. Though the menu is small, it changes frequently, and you can count on everything to be really well done. 
Our order started off with the excellent "local beans," which sound kind of basic, but they're totally worth getting. We then split the menu's highlighted dish of the moment, which was a roasted chicken, served with fresh tortillas and the accouterments to build-your-own tacos. Such a fun and delicious meal.
Can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings. That breakfast/brunch is calling my name!Chopped salad is great, and so is the breakfast porridge. The chocolate croissant is flaky with enough filling.The worst service for having 8 people working the floor. Even the table next to us tried to get a servers attention but he purposely ignored them twice..I love everything about this place!  Baked goods that are creative and delicious. An interesting and eclectic menu. Friendly service that was highly attentive.  This is definitely one of our new favorite spots and we will be back repeatedly!  Thank you for opening up in Philly!If the food and ambience are the only reasons to select a restaurant then this would be five stars. Unfortunately, when our reserved table wasn't ready until 25 minutes late, and no one checked on us for the first 15 minutes we were seated that didn't kick things off well. Once we were finally waited on we put in a 3 dishes quickly - and one of them was totally forgotten. The servers and manager were all very nice - but couldn't figure out how to get us food in any sort of timely manner. After the starter dishes we waited almost 20 minutes for our larger dishes. When I inquired they said "everyone sat at the same time". Yea, that's called dinner time. They were running a very thoughtful fundraising promotion for Harvey, which we contributed to. But despite all of our pain points, and good attitude & generosity - they didn't do anything to rectify the issues and we left totally disillusioned despite a delicious meal.- TIP:  Go for breakfast (or brunch).  Whatever you get for an entree -- sub-in one of their homemade english muffins in place of your toast.
- CON: Inconsistent.  My eggs have been overcooked a couple times.  
- BOTTOM LINE:  Great breakfast or brunch spot that is offers more refined plates vs. the typical gut-bombs some other places churn out.  Go hungry and make sure you have room to get a pastry.Where do I even begin? The hash browns! The coffee! The breakfast salad! Breakfast sandwich! Oh my word. Everything is delicious and the staff is lovely. My favorite neighborhood place.Just happened upon this gem when our intended cheesesteak lunch was derailed by no less than 150 people standing in line. What a lucky break. 
The layout is designed very well for the space available. The decor was great and went right along with their style of food offerings. Most importantly to us, they were very accommodating to our party of three, with our 1 year old daughter being the biggest challenge in big city, small restaurant settings. 
Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu, being able to accurately describe items past what the printed menu, which offers a great brunch selection. My wife had the Dutch baby, my daughter had a side of hash browns and I had the hash scramble. All were amazing, cooked to perfection and full of flavor. Because of the amazing suggestion from our server, I also had the biscuits and gravy topped with poached eggs. Not on the menu, but it certainly should be. For the beer lovers, they had a small but great tap list that featured Tired Hands. 
All in all, you'd be a damn idiot not to stop by this place if you're in search of a good brunch. You owe it to yourself. Feed your inner pigeon.Just poorly executed hipster crap. 
I went here with my girlfriend cause she thought the outside looked cute and we were in the area. Every single thing they brought us was burnt. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with their chicken sausage that they were insistent was the pinnacle of culinary excellence and it seemed like they individually cooked and burnt every single aspect of the sandwich. It was almost impressive. Needless to say my girlfriends grilled cheese looked like the walls of a coal mine in hell. And I will not be going back there. My girlfriend was right tho. It had a very cut interior design.So disappointed.  Was so looking forward to coming here, heard great reviews.  Unfortunately we came 1 minute before breakfast was over and they refused to serve us eggs!  How hard is it to make eggs?  Ok.  We came back another day for LUNCH.  The system of ordering at the counter, then going to your table to receive your food, then having to go back to get your silverware in one place, your cream for coffee in another.  It's UP and DOWN over and over.  Some patrons are parked there with computers and not eating - taking up space.  Is it a mobile office or restaurant?  Food was not memorable.  I really want this place to do well, but it's nothing close to Fitzwater Cafe.  I'll wait 1 month and try again.Its a shame that this place just cant seem to get it together. Maybe theyre trying to do too many things. The staff is very awkward and tends to ignore you while you sit there waiting. I dont like to bash places but this try (2nd and last) my coffee had large droplets of oil in it and the cream was curdled...gross. 
As to the comment back from the owner. Its wasnt coffee bean oil. I know what coffee bean oil looks like, it doesnt look like soup! You should work as hard on your service and food as you do on responding to legit criticism.came here for brunch at around 11am yesterday and they only offered us the lunch menu. fine . me and my partner ordered two burgers ($14 each) it came with fries also. 1 bottle of 8 oz coke was $2. croissant and monkey bread were about $4-$4.5 each. we ended up paying over $40 for everything. when we first got our burgers we were so excited. but everything went downhill from there. our first bite into those burgers and everything came slipping out! even the juices. there was meet juice dripping in huge puddles. I instantly notice that the burger was not well done. they didn't even ask how we wanted it and the menu didn't state it was medium rare. so I was confused. I decided to ask for it to be well done. the workers  just looked at me like I was crazy. one girl dressed in all black followed by saying "we only serve it room temperature" excuse me what???? what does that have to do with anything. but I explained that I just wanted the burger more cooked. and they said " we'll see what we can do." with such an attitude that's unimaginable. LOL. just put it back on the grill maybe? I was NOT trying to get my money back or something free. all I asked for was it to be cooked. which is how it was supposed to come in the first place. she brought it back cooked and just handed it over I said thank you so much. she didn't even smile nor reply. just rolled her eyes and went back behind the counter. I was just so shocked at the lack of professionalism in this establishment. the workers seem like they hate their job. I got no thank you or nothing. I always said thank you and please. i will never be back. over priced and no respect.Excellent food, great service and ambience. 
I was surprised to get a reservation so easily ion Opentable for the Hungry Pigeon , which was so highly rated in the Philadelphia magazine. 
We chose to get the $45 chefs tasting menu, which was a great deal, and very satisfying.
Great and reasonably priced wines " on tap" and by the glass. Romantic. Not too noisy.
Very attentive, yet not overbearing, service.
May be my new favorite spot.
We'll be back.My girlfriend and I can't stop going to this place. We go for dinner a lot and are always excited to try the specials and new small plates. Everything is crafted with an excellent attention to detail and tremendous depth of flavor. The staff is friendly and accommodating and the draft beers selection is on point. 
Brunch is also a must here. I'm particularly fond of the Breakfast Salad. It's a great balance of greens, warm lentils, chopped bacon, a poached egg, and toast. Not to heavy, but certainly makes you feel full! 
We always see the owner Scott keeping things going in his trademark overalls, which definitely adds to the charm.Can't recommend enough. Was visiting from New York and went twice, dinner and lunch. Cosy atmosphere and great manner from the staff.
Food was delicious, the burger from the lunch menu was top drawer and the chocolate cake after dinner was also a highlight!
Can't wait to visit againI love, love, love, everything at this place. I've been here for all three meals and multiple times and it is hard to stay away. The servers are so friendly, the chef puts so much love into his food, the vegetarian options make vegetables sing. I have no criticisms - only praise.Great local place to enjoy breakfast. Simple but ample menu of breakfast favorites. Coffee was outstanding, very good service and fun atmosphere. I like local neighborhood restaurants and this place is a perfect example of that. Don't be in hurry as this is a place to relax and enjoy the experience. Food is very good.I visited the Hungry Pigeon on a rainy Sunday morning after hearing tons of excellent things. The Hungry Pigeon has a small menu that they have perfected for an easy, simple, delicious brunch.
I opted to order the breakfast bowl and a coffee, They charge by the cup but the coffee was served very hot so I didn't drink it too quickly. The breakfast bowl consists of congee, some veggies, avocado, a poached egg, and a touch of chili oil. It was warming and filling for such a groggy day. I personally never had anything like it for breakfast before and it definitely felt like ramen for breakfast. I would recommend ordering it if you get the chance. My husband also let me grab a bite of the breakfast sandwich with an added hashbrown which was also delicious. 
The cute little cafe vibe, lined with plants was so comforting and inviting that I would recommend anyone to try this place out.Ginger beer is top notch. It's homemade and perhaps THE BEST I've ever had (and I've had a lot of homemade ginger beers). Ask bartender to make you a Moscow mule with it. Fantastic. Lovely atmosphere.Drove an employee here(Lyft) in the a.m. and decided to come here later for lunch. Not many selections for lunch, they serve brunch until 4pm, so I went with that. Tried the breakfast bowl, which consisted of: brown rice porridge, avocado, lentil sprouts, lunch I, salsa Verde and a poached egg. Oh myyyyy! Yummy! Also added John L. King bacon on the side. I don't know the meaning behind the name, I only know it the bacon kicked ass! They give you water in a nice green bottle. Not sure if it is spring or two water, but good nonetheless!
Had a Bloody Mary too, which didn't disappoint. 
I will be back!I went there Saturday night and got the tasting menu. It started out great, they brought a variety of appetizers, including chicken liver, oysters, beet salad, and tasty bread. The appetizers were all excellent. Things were looking up and I was excited! Then we got a pasta dish with mushrooms, which kind of seemed basic and like something I could make at home. Nonetheless, I was still hopeful for the main course. I was very disappointed when they brought out a turkey dish in tomato sauce. It tasted like cafeteria food. I expected more for the amount of money I'm paying, and it was very bland and uncreative. The worst part was the dessert- this strange plum cake which tasted like it was baked a month ago. I'm not a dessert person, so I wasn't super upset, but I just don't know how you could serve that hockey disk for consumption. All in all, the appetizers were great, but if you go, beware of what they could serve you for the tasting menu. It was all really basic and it might be better to choose from the a la carte menu than to be disappointed with the food you get.Great service, affordable prices and adorable atmosphere. I got a cappuccino and it was fantastic! My only complaint is that the Breakfast Bowl that I got was EXTREMELY spicy (which I can take spice). It was honestly too much for me to even finish. Also, it's definitely more soupy than porridge consistency when it's described as a "brown rice porridge" (check photo below). Other than this, I would definitely go back, just would get something else:)We chose this restaurant from the Yelp reviews and it was great! Service was quick and staff was friendly and attentive. My husband had the breakfast sandwich and hash-browns, he found it "good". It wasn't exceptional but good. I had the breakfast bowl. It wasn't necessarily pleasing to look at but it tasted quite good. It was like NOTHING I had ever eaten for breakfast and a nice change. We will come back!Queens Village has a high turn around, I don't see the hungry pigeon lasting for very long. I do hope it does, though. Expensive food with small portions. I had the poached tuna for $11, creamy potato soup for $8 and the shaved carrot salad for $7. It all tasted very fresh and I have no doubt that high quality ingredients are used to explain the price tag, but it was all very basic. Nothing with a wow factor on the flavor front. 
I would have liked if breakfast items were served all day, since the breakfast menu looks great and affordable, also cafes should always accommodate breakfast IMO. 
As for the atmosphere, the place does look very nice, which is why I stopped in in the first place, but I couldn't help but feel the over priced hipster vibe throughout the experience.
I think the Hungry Pigeon has a solid concept and a great space to grow, I would like to see more affordable options and maybe a limited breakfast menu throughout the day, if the entire breakfast menu can't be served all day. 
I will be back to try breakfast and dinner.It was pretty good but the menu is somewhat small and limited.  I found some of the food a bit salty (the crab salad).
The cheese was amazing and I was definitely we decided to get that.  We had a Brie style soft cheese and the Gouda.   I did love the roasted cauliflower.  There was a nice spice to it but not overpowering.  I used some of the bread from the cheese and stopped up some extra sauce.  I also enjoyed the shakshuka.  The Mexican style corn was overly salty as well.  
Favorite thing of the night was the amazing white chocolate cheesecake where the crust was made from chocolate chip cookie with a cherry reduction and cherry ice cream!Monkey bread is to die for and all the food on the menu is so good! A little pricey for the amount of food you get but worth the chef-made food.Food was tasty fresh and served hot  prices were reasonable but they do charge for EVERY cup of coffee but they did warn us about that when we asked for a refill. Service was good despite a very crowded roomI would say everything was good and some dishes were great, but wish some others were also better. Our cheese plate was ok, a little underwhelming. When I get a cheese plate I want it to be heavenly and knock me off my feet, and the cheeses were just fine. I felt like they were things I could have easily bought myself at a grocery store, but I wanted them to curate a plate that really felt special. The mushroom and polenta was the true standout to me! The earthiness of the mushrooms was amazing. No need to have a protein staring entree with a plate of these quality shrooms. The duck pate was good, but I wanted it to be creamier, and more buttery. The octopus salad was good but the accompaniments in salad vs octopus are what stood out, which is normally the opposite. The dessert was yummy. Loved the mandarin tart with sour cherry sorbet. Great combo happening there. Overall, it was a nice meal, but could have stood out much more.The Hungry Pigeon is at the corner of Fourth and Fitzwater in the Queen Village section of Philadelphia right on Fabric Row.  They serve Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.  This review is for Breakfast.
For Breakfast, you order at the counter, they provide you with a number to place on your table and they bring the food to you. Don't forget to grab your silverware before you leave the counter. There are lots of tables for 2, 4 and larger groups. If it is busy, you may end up sharing at a larger communal table.  
I have yet to make it here for brunch, but the daily breakfast menu falls short for my taste as the selection choices are limited.  If you are a baked goods/pastries and coffee for breakfast person, your in luck, but if you like a variety of hot breakfast foods to choose from, this may not be the spot for you. The items I have tried are the Avocado Toast, served on wheat toast with ample avocado spread across it with a fried egg. It is really delicious but not quite enough food to satisfy my breakfast appetite. the breakfast bowl, is a bit heartier and contains Brown Rice porridge, Avocado, Lentil Sprouts, Kimchi, Salsa Verde and Spicy Egg. I have also tried the hash brown, unfortunately it was way to crispy for me, almost over done without being burnt, and I am someone who likes my breakfast potatoes done crispy. 
So all in all, based on the few items off of the limited breakfast menu I would choose puts the Hungry Pigeon on my "don't' have to return list", at least for breakfast. There are too many other great breakfast spots in the city with a larger menu selection of creative dishes for me to chose this one.  I have not tried lunch or dinner here, and based on the couple items I did like on the breakfast menu, I would come back to give either lunch or dinner a try.The food is nice and clean and fresh.  The "breakfast bowl" is a great hangover helper.  Nice and spicy.Stumbled upon this gem during my one day Philly trip. Whoa. The space is light and hip. Service was warm and attentive (our server took the time to chat with us about where we should stay for the night). We ordered a bunch of small plates. The pole beans were phenomenal. They're open breakfast til diner wth rotating menus. Get. On. It.I just had my first breakfast there. I had been looking forward to it due to reviews, and while it was ok, be careful how you order. I ordered their hash brown cake on the side that was quoted at 2.00 and was charged 3.00.  When I asked I was told, twice, that what I ordered was not on the side but a side order. Indifference on their part or poor menu writing skills? They keep the dollar and I go elsewhere.
To be fair, everything else was ok, but with their hype, they should always acknowledge a mistake.Celebrated our 4 year anniversary here. Our server Heaven was absolutely amazing. The food was incredible and unique. Casual environment yet very nice. Enjoyed my experience here and will definitely be back to try their brunch menu.As a freelance producer, I spend at least a couple mornings per week in HP, drinking awesome Counter Culture coffee and using their decent wifi. Love the employees and the vibe.We went for brunch this morning, and the food was reasonably priced and delicious. Had the breakfast sandwich (which was huge) and the yogurt and granola with fruit. We got there around 9:10, since we've seen lots of people waiting around outside on other days. Seated right away and it got very crowded by 9:30ish. Additionally, the space is really pretty and I loved all the plants. 
Only downside for me was that a coffee refill was not free, which seems pretty absurd.Everything about this place was a dream. We visited during peak Sunday brunch business and it was still a great experience. We only had to wait a few minutes, and often saw open tables and people being able to come in and get seated right away. The waitstaff could not have been more lovely and accommodating. Everyone looked happy to be working there and proud of their food. I loved that the patrons ranged from 20 to 70 yr olds, groups of young friends and families. Even though we have food allergies in the family, our waitress was super knowledgeable and happily double checked on items. Such a relief when you worry about having to ask these questions. The food was made of quality ingredients and tasted great. The slice of frittata that you get for the price is a little small and would have tasted better warmed up, but that is my only criticism. YOU MUST EAT AS MANY PASTRIES AS YOU CAN MUSTER, THE CROISSANT IS NECESSARY AT THE VERY LEAST!This place started out as a popular breakfast and lunch place. This is casual dinning, big group table at back had 1/2 of us facing a busy kitchen and sharing the table with 3 separate parties. 
The pastry chef is a James Beard awardee. So let's talk about our dinner - backwards, desert/pastries first. 
I'll be tough because they want to be taken seriously for their food. Apricot Bread Pudding gets a B, Rhubarb apple pie  with vanilla ice cream gets an A (we substituted apple and rhubarb sorbert-  a much better combo but our waitress was skeptical and not really enthusiastoc to make a change...service later). 
Hungry Pigeon has a grazing menu, a bit of this and that. Tapas is the new nouvelle cuisine. Bit and bobs don't necessarily go together. Tapas is to accompany drinks not intended to be dinner. But this scourge is taking  hold across the country.
Speaking of drinks: Excellent beer menu. Interesting and high-end wine selection ($12 to $16 selection arriving in small stemless glass).
What did we have to eat? The waitress suggested that the 5 of us order 5 starters (we did) and seemed dissapointed when we ordered only 3 main plates...beware you could easily get to $100 a person in this place with wine - consider the Chef Selection Menu.
A shaved ham with a light marcapone dressing was interesting but didn't go with linguini with clams did it? A plain but quality sausage starter size was served with roasted charred carrots (caramelized and delicious) asparagus treated in the same manner followed by a charred whole bass, moist but maybe not caught that morning, just had a touch of a metallic flavor. Light seasoning, done simply. Veggies in a pile next to the un fileted fish were a mess...but tasty. Two suggestions; serve vegetables separately and waiters should filet the fish. Lots of friendly casual interruptions from the wait staff, attentive  about filling water glasses they earned the 20% tip on a $260 meal for 5. 
Casual at a price was my impression. Service needs polish. Back tables need to be reoriented. Go for the $100 (plus) a person chef menu, he'll chose what you get and pair wines and pull the thing together . That is really important if you are there for a dinner. This place has potential.Delicious, but we stopped going last summer, my partner hated the tiny plates many dishes were served on, not sure if they are still doing this. But many items would come on awkwardly small plate just large enough for the portion and he hated it!!!Today was my third time eating at the Hungry Pigeon. All of my experiences have been for breakfast. This is a fantastic place to have breakfast. It is absolutely on the boujee and semi expensive side of things but it is worth the money and occasionally having to sit at a table with strangers. The chocolate croissant I had this morning was beyond exceptional and I got the breakfast sandwich for a second time today. Let my reordering of the sandwich speak to its delectability . The hash brown is a  must, getting it on the sandwich does make it quite thick but you can work though it. The mustard on the breakfast sandwich is of note. The wait time for a place like this as expected can be lengthy so be prepared.Really cute, lively, restaurant in the garment area of South Philly, a few blocks from South Street. Tried the Saturday brunch and really enjoyed the croissant, hashbrowns, broccoli and hash. The frittata was so so. Very cute decor and friendly service.Brunch was already 5 starts. Well now that we've dined for dinner... oh my. Fresh, creative, and Judy plain old delicious. Exceptionally well done tasting and so reasonably priced. Must try. Twice. For dinner and brunch. Equally as amazing!!Maybe it was because I went there for dinner and not breakfast or brunch...  Thought food was mediocre at best (did 4 course tasting menu) and the paired wines were less than impressive.  I also thought the service was in your face, and the staff repeatedly broke into our table conversation which totally disrupted our evening.
Moreover, the restaurant is incredibly noisy (bare walls) and our table was against an echoey corner'ish wall, which made it next to impossible to have a conversation because you could not hear the person opposite you.  Found myself getting more and more stressed as the night went on -- and when I constructively brought it to the attention of staff as we were walking out, the response back was a bland "OK, thanks for letting us know."  There was no other acknowledgment or "I'm sorry" given.
Net net.  Won't be back.This review is for their dinner menu as I have not been there yet for brunch.
After a girls night dinner at hungry pigeon where we got the lobster bake pre fixe, I left feeling kind of "meh". I guess they have a different pre fixe option every month and we were all excited to try the lobster dinner. I felt like some of the sides were quite good but mostly it seemed like something I could have put together. And yes, the lobster was good because it's lobster, but not any different then the times where we have boiled them at home. All of us decided that we had wished we had given the regular menu a shot for the first time we all had dinner there.
So my husband and I went together this past weekend and decided to do the tasting menu. It's a great deal at $45 per person and $25 for the wine pairing. They brought us first the bread and butter, which was fantastic. 3 types of bread (olive was my favorite) and all were delicious and fresh. Then came the appetizers. We had the duck procuitto, a kind of tuna crudo, cured salmon, and brussels sprouts in a kind of teriyaki sauce. Most of it was pretty unflavorful, we thought. The sprouts were my favorite of all these. 
Second course was a pasta. It had a pork ragu sauce. Again, it lacked flavor and could have used some salt. 
Third course was probably the best and it was roasted turkey with mashed potatoes and green beans. The dish was far from creative but turkey was delicious.
Dessert was good but not outstanding. A pavlova with chia seed pudding and a couple scoops of ice cream as well.
The wine pairing was fine, but nothing to write home about. I wouldn't have ordered a second glass of most of the pairings.
Overall, I didn't leave hungry. But there was certainly something left to be desired. I was mostly confused as to how this restaurant was listed the best in Philly with so many better options that didn't even make the top 50 list.My husband and I had dinner here last night for the first time. We heard it was a great place, so wanted to try it out. We decided to go with the chefs tasting menu, with beverage pairing...because, when you're a guest in some ones kitchen why not let them show off their talents and do what they do best? Our server was Liam, who was absolutely wonderful, attentive, and informative. The food and beverage pairings were out of this world!  We were blown away and could not get enough!   Salmon cakes, smoked turkey pate, beet salad, gnocchi, home made bread to the seafood entree and unbelievable dessert with home made ice cream, and the drink pairings, were more than perfect!  We cannot wait to go back!!!!!Very cute cafe recommended by vetri. Unfortunately I did not like the breakfast porridge thing. While packed with flavor everything ended up tasting like a mush with no cohesive character. My brother got a great breakfast sandwich with an English muffin that seemed homemade (thick and a perfect compliment to the eggs). The two best items were the hasbrowns perfectly crispy and the biscuit. What was most impressive is that from the breakfast you could tell this place has impressive culinary chops. Though it seems like a standard cafe, they have everything from after school fare to fancy dinner options. The decor matches this utilitarian neighborhood joint providing both comfort and class.Went for dinner with friends.  Generally solid experience.  Cute neighborhood spot, good service, good drinks.  Tuna appetizer was very good, one of my favorite things we ordered.  Soft shell entree was a tad too salty but pretty good and a large portion.  I would come back here to try more things on the menu.Wonderful, simple breakfast and extraordinary croissants, pleasant staff, and lovely atmosphere.Great atmosphere, cocktails, and pastries. We tried for many meals because of their amazing reviews but have decided hungry pigeon is fine but overrated.I was very impressed with Hungry Pigeon after stopping in twice.  The first time I only had a cup of coffee and a biscuit which were both great but hardly enough evidence to build an informed opinion on.  On my most recent trip back I had a great dinner and it left me wanting more although not that evening because I was quite full.
We got to HP (restaurant not computer) around 530pm and found only a few people at tables which was excellent.  Since they don't take reservations I feel that it's important to choose the time you dine wisely since it can and will fill up as we observed.
We were greeted by multiple servers who were very cordial and explained the lay of the land and the specials.  We began with the bread and butter which was all made in house, even the butter.  It was absolutely a steal for its price and delicious.  I love elegance in simplicity.
Since they had smoked country ribs on special we had to go for them.  They were served smoked atop a bed of pork and beans (which had a great pork to bean ratio), mustard sauce on the side and a small cast iron skillet of cornbread.  This was a great meal.  Ribs were tender and flavorful just as you would want them to be and the cornbread just had a little sweetness.  We ordered a side of veggies (asparagus and beets maybe) with a blue cheese dressing.  That was just plain awesome.
Of course we ate all of it and happily.  We declined dessert due to lack of room, not lack of interest.  The service was excellent and the food delivered.  I'll be stopping in here as often as I can.  With their frequently changing menu I know I will always be able to find something enticing.This little restaurant is literally yards from my house and I frequently visit for brunch. Its strengths are definitely its marvellous pastries; the croissants are truly the only excellent ones I've had in all the time I've been in Philadelphia and often conform to the Platonic ideal of 'croissant'. Every other baked good offered here equally surpasses the standard by a wide margin, from the splendid monkey bread (whose Byzantine twists are a workable metaphor for Manichaean dualism encompassed in the delightful slight crunch of the caramelised exterior against the ephemeral incredible lightness of gossamer yum within) to the chocolatines and the galettes aux pommes. The coffee is also exemplary. I have also quite enjoyed the brown rice savoury porridge breakfast bowl and the Bloody Mary but the pastry is where this place truly shines. The decor is pleasant enough but a bit uninspired and lacking character and the seating somewhat cramped, so we have shied from visiting for lunch or dinner offerings.I've been coming here since the day it has opened and the food has gotten WAY better. Make sure to check the menu hours so you get what you are wishing. 
Cocktails are still too expensive and never full. I paid $8 for half a drink in what is equivalent to a scotch glass. (On three separate visits)  
Staff has Always been friendly!
Lunch and Brunch are my Favorite! I have tried the whole menu.We had a large group go for a birthday celebration. We ordered an assortment of appetizers and mains. The food was all locally sources and was expertly prepared. My personal favorites were the chicken liver paté on toast, the gnocchi with tomatoes in basil cream sauce, the raw mackerel with pickled pear and pepper corns, and the beef bourguignon with creamed potatoes. The best one was the 1/2 chicken with tortillas and taco seasonings. Really good and the service was first-rate.I have the extreme pleasure of living within walking distance of Hungry Pigeon, so I get to go here often.  Their brunch, in my opinion, is the best in the city. I have had their egg sandwich (the hashbrown and bacon on there are must haves), and the breakfast salad, which is a perfect option if you're looking for something on the healthy-ish side, but my favorite brunch item is their breakfast bowl. It has pickled vegetables and an egg in a creamy porridge. It's absolutely perfect for a cold day. I also had the pleasure of coming here for dinner. If you get the chance to come here for dinner, take it. Everything was fresh and tasty. They use season ingredients as well so you have a good chance of trying something new every time you go!The whole meal was comfortable and DELICIOUS. The draft wine was great and well priced. We enjoyed dessert immensely. Highly recommend !Just stopped in to pick up some pastry and was greeted by a very unhappy looking, unfriendly young women.  I ordered a slice of lemon berry pound cake (1 1/8" thick x 3" x 4")  a very small pie slice of a peach almond tart.    I was shocked when she charged me $10.80.  I just paid and left.  They were good, but not worth .50 per bite. I have been to Paris and paid less for better pastry and  the incredible pastry fromTartine bakery in San Francisco is lower priced, better quality and lower price.    
Ridicules overpriced with unfriendly service.  Will tell my friends and never return.Have visited twice.  Food was okay but table service was not available.   Had to order at bar and pickup food at bar even though several servers seemed to be available   Asked for salad instead of potatoes and was told "no substitutions"   I told her I have food allergies and she said "sorry"
Then today my family went for brunch and were told. No refills on coffee?   Really?   For a new place struggling to gain a following all of these things are NOT customer friendly.   We will not returnI've had the hungry pigeon bookmarked for a while so I was glad we were able to add it to our list for this trip. 
It was a Monday morning so there was no wait. You do have to order at the counter (the sign is hidden by a doggie treat sign). We ordered 2 coffees, 2 breakfast sandwiches one with bacon and one with ham, 1 hash brown (potato) & a scone. Price was $40. The coffee was very strong and I like a good cup of joe but I didn't quite enjoy this one. 
It was probably a good 25-30 minutes for our order. Since it was not very busy I would have guessed that it would have been quicker. I am sure it gets really busy on the weekends so make plans to wait. 
The sandwiches were good the potato was fantastic. The scone was okay. 
There was very little service interaction -only when we ordered and when they delivered the food.  Tip for that? I mean you tip when you order so no real option.I've been coming for breakfast pastries on Saturday for the past few weeks. Each time hoping for a new selection of morning goodies, but sadly disappointed more and more each time. After this experience, it will most likely be my last time coming here. I arrived at 9:30am ( the restaurant opens at 9am) and 1/2 of their pastries weren't out already. When I asked when things would be out, the counter person said I don't know, you're here early. It's weird a business who doesn't open until 9am can't have their breakfast selection ready by opening. So even though I've been coming here for the past 4 weeks to try new things, I had to order the same 3 things I've been ordering each week. The total cost for 3 came to $15. None of wish were particularly special. Sadly I won't be coming back for a 5th try.I went back to check previous reviews...Hungry pigeon has 4 stars??? After checking, I found out that most of the positive reviews are for Breakfast. May be it is a good place for croissants but not for Dinner?
Here is our experience:
GREETING - 0 star
We were asked to wait for the hostess/manager. She came a few minutes later. The only word spoken was a stern "Do you have a reservation?". She went back to get her Ipad and w/o a word proceeded to take us the communal table... a big table that can accommodate 12 people. We asked to be seated at one of the 2 other tables for four people. "NO, I (not we?) have reservation for these tables" was the answer. Not a: I am very sorry and or a proper  explanation. We then asked to sit on the one side of the communal table and not in the center. "NO, I have a reservation for it". Well, we had also a reservation! Did 3 customers asked for these 3 specific tables/ sitting? I doubt it. I am from the restaurant business, never happened to me. One table, with a view on the ocean, yes, not 3 at the same time in South Philly. As we were expecting friends, we did not argue and agreed to sandwich ourselves between 2 set of 4 peoples. By the way the people next to us arrived only an hour later when we were almost finished. The evening hostess/manager was showing us who was in charge. She won but in my professional opinion, she should find another line of business than Hospitality. VERY BAD START
SERVICE 3.5 stars
Our waitress is the only reason for the overall 2 stars rating. She saved the day. She was amiable, explain the specials, gave good service (not outstanding but good), she was prompt and patient with us.
FOOD 1 star
Kitchen staff should take a culinary course. They badly need it. Th food has no passion put into it and no talent. Presentation is null and food tasteless.
The duck lasagna was dry and blend. The price for a lasagna? ....$28. Most expensive Lasagna I have encountered in a neighborhood restaurant.
The ribs were completely dry, had been prepared/cooked for a long time. The taste could have been OK.
We picked the 2 cheeses for $12. By 2 cheeses, the Hungry Pigeon means 2 very tiny pieces of cheese: 2" by 1" and 1/4" thick. Yes the poor things were lost on the plate. And no garnish whatsoever.
WINES 1 star
We ordered a screw cap Dancing Coyotte Syrah from CA at $65. When you add 10% tax and 20% service, this is a $85 bottle.... Buying price at the wine store? $14/15... AND an top of that it was served in a cheap, thick tumbler glass. This is a NO CLASS SERVICE AT AN EXPENSIVE PRICE.
PRICES 0 star
I have already  mentioned prices but to add insult to injury, we were asked if we wanted bread.
Sure we said..... They charged $5.00 for the bread!This review is for dinner. Plan to return for brunch. Went to see what the hype is all about since it was on Eater's recent top 50. Lively atmosphere, but not ideal for a quiet romantic dinner. Good service. Had the brussels sprouts, grilled sweet potatoes, pork loin and pasta fagioli. Financier for dessert. Not blown away by any dish, flavor combinations were at times odd, perhaps the main one I actually really liked was the sweet potato. I don't think we ordered poorly and with a limited menu would expect each dish to be excellent. Did not care for the wine by the glass options.We've been waiting to try this place for a while. With the snow storm here, we finally did. It's as amazing as it looks. Friendly staff, great food, great atmosphere. We had their brunch and it's comfort food.  Will definitely be back again soon.I thought it was overpriced for the experience and quality of food they are providing. All the food was solid, tasty with good ingredients. However, $11 for bacon and egg sandwich that comes on a small plate with no accompaniment is too much. Despite the numerous wait staff we found the service poor. I also take exception to being charged for coffee refills $2.50. I think there are better options in Philly.Amazing amazing amazing. Creative, fresh and unexpected. Can't wait to go back!! Get the breakfast bowl. Kimchee and cilantro make this such a delicious choice. The spicy tomato and Lima bean soup was fantastic and the homemade chicken Apple sausage was the best I've ever had. Don't listen to any bad reviews. Go for brunch.This is my first review on Yelp and there is a reason for it.  This place in incredible!  There was not one thing on the menu that didn't satisfy.  Just go...it is worth every bite and I won't ruin it for you.Had a lovely brunch with my sister a few weeks ago and had a great experience!
Loved all the windows and plants. Our server was super helpful, but not rushing us, which is often the case for a Saturday brunch in Philadelphia. 
We shared the rhubarb Dutch baby that was simply delicious and I also would have bought a gallon tub of the rhubarb jam they served with our eggs and toast. That. Stuff. Was. Absolutely delicious. 
To finish off a great brunch, my sister had a perfectly pulled espresso and I bought a bunch of pastries, sticky buns, croissant, etc. some of the best croissant I've had in Philly. Not sure if they make it in house, but it was really great.
If I didn't live over an hour away I'd be blowing a lot of money coffee and brunching here, that's for sure. Thanks Hungry PigeonWhat a great addition to Queen Village! We came here for dinner on a July Friday evening, were seated right away. Per the suggestion of our server we got 4 dishes to share between 2 people. We ordered the veggie poke bowl, pork skewers, grilled sweet potato, and the shaved zucchini with whipped feta. Our favorite was the zuchinni and feta - light and delicious! At the end of the meal we didn't feel too full since the portions are on the smaller side and we didn't get anything very heavy, so we ordered desert which we don't normally do - the blueberry cheesecake (OMG!!) and a raspberry/blueberry ice cream. 
We each ordered 2 cocktails through the course of our- strong but YUM! 
If you plan on sharing and getting some cocktails, expect to spend over $50 a person on the meal - it's well worth it! 
The interior is amazing, and we were lucky enough to get the table right in the front window (which was a little hot during a 95 degree heat wave, but worth it for the people watching). The hardwood floors and succulent planters are very appealing. The atmosphere is very relaxed and calming. 
Can't wait to go back for brunch!Great family style Christmas dinner. Service was great and price was worth it. Great portion sizes, not too big but just perfect. Very cute and comfortable decor. Can't wait to go back and try their breakfast.Weekend menu is rather underwhelming. I had the grilled cheese and it was more bread and butter than it was cheese. It comes with a salad that has unusual toppings (olives, peppers, and pickled radishes) but you cannot substitute anything for it. You can get more substantial grilled cheese sandwiches at Milkhouse in Suburban Station or Valley Shepherd in the Reading Terminal.
As for pastries, the croissants seemed a little crispier on the outside than I'm used to. The almond-chocolate one was better than the regular chocolate but it didn't blow me away. My baseline for croissants is Le Petit Mitron in Narberth and this was the reason I came here - I heard they had better croissants.
I wouldn't recommend coming here if you're sensitive to noise. The soundproofing here is very bad so it can get busy/noisy enough that you practically have to yell when talking to people.Have to admit- a restaurant named after a bird turned me off a bit, but this place is really cute. Service is friendly and efficient without making you feel rushed. 
*The lemon blueberry scone was perfect. 
*I didn't love the breakfast porridge bowl as much as I thought I would- not bad, and certainly filling. It was exactly as the menu described, so not sure why I was thinking it would be more of a brown rice bowl that a soupy porridge. 
*Breakfast salad was OK, but needed something- maybe a bit of lemon or vinegar?
*Chopped salad was small, but hearty with potatoes, beets, avocado.
I can understand why they are famous for their pastries. Would def return to pick some of these up to go.I've been here 3 times so far and each time I'm just so shocked by the quality/creativity of the food.  I usually don't order outside my comfort zone but when I come here I don't even think about it because literally everything I've tasted has been incredible.  From the breakfast (chia pudding? being tasty? YUM) to the lunch (the ham and cheese croissants are life changing) I've been wowed and always leave excited to come back!! This is really a great place.I got the ham and cheese breakfast sandwich was was amazing. I coffee was also excellent. The only thing a little less than perfect was they brought me my food but no silverware or napkinJust checked this place out for brunch for the first time. 
The atmosphere is cozy and homey -- on the smaller side, with nice exposed brick behind the bar, wood-paneled flooring, and a bunch of bird cages hanging from the ceiling in the back. I don't normally comment on bathrooms, but the ones at THP are exceptional. Very spacious, clean, and thoughtfully designed. 
Getting to the food, we started with a pastry to split because they looked so fresh. We had the banana bread sticky bun. We asked for them to heat it up, but were told the pastry chef doesn't allow that. Kind of weird, but whatever. It was delicious at room temp. 
We ended up splitting the egg and cheese sandwich with a hash brown added in, and the salad with the poached egg and lentils. Both were very good, and the potions were on the larger side. 
Overall, awesome atmosphere, very good food and service. Will definitely be back to check out the rest of the menu.What an absolutely adorable place.  Went here for brunch on Sunday.  Incredible and healthy food options.  Insanely inviting atmosphere.  Beautiful bar with wine (rose) on tap.  Really really enjoyed my experience here, I will be back!The Hungry Pigeon is a typical brunch spot with some good offerings and fresh baked breads and pastries. I enjoyed my eggs (second time, first time undercooked and runny), hashbrowns, and my side of canadian bacon. 
It is however pretty pricey, even compared to some of the trendier breakfast spots in the city.
The coffee situation is pretty ridiculous. 2.50 for a cup of coffee/$10 dollars on coffee for 2 people is pretty steep. Charge a dollar more and give free refills like most places, or make your coffee cheaper. A lot of brunch spots give free refills on La Colombe.
Overall, good for food, and not good for enjoying more than a single cup of average coffee.This review is from a while ago, before they won "best". I sat at the bar and ordered a couple plates and a glass of wine. My salad was so delicious that I convinced two strangers next to me to get it. I'm usually introverted; that's how strongly I felt about how good it was! A good start. 
I didn't care for my wine so I told the bartender I'd like to switch to whiskey. She said she only had Dewars. But I was looking at a bottle of Bulleit. She didn't know that "whiskey/y" includes bourbon, Irish, Canadian, etc. Fine. That mistake is common. "So what 'bourbons' do you have?" She tells me Maker's, Jefferson's, Bulleit, etc. I order the Jefferson's. They do 1-oz pours. I finish it in no time and order a second. After she hands me my second, I ask her how much these are per pour. I usually pay $12 for a TWO-oz pour in Center City. Any more than $8 for ONE oz of Jefferson's would be highway robbery. 
"I think they're like $15." 
"That much for one ounce of Jefferson's?"
"It's the 'reserve'. I'm sorry you didn't hear me."
I wanted to rip into her. She didn't even know that bourbon was whiskey. I know what Groth Reserve is. She didn't say it. I wouldn't have slammed it down had I ordered one. I still got dessert and tried not to speak anymore because I didn't want to be mean to someone who is working and serving me. When the bill came the drinks were actually $18/oz...
Reply to Owner:
Perhaps if you spent as much time training your staff (on the products they sell & general hospitality) as you do trying to be rude to your customers on Yelp, I wouldn't have been ripped off to begin with. 
When I tell a guest I have Jim Beam and then they order Jim Beam, I don't pour them JB Signature Craft and rob them for $30 when they thought they were ordering a $10 drink. Common sense.I tried the Hungry Pigeon for the first time for brunch today and now realize why it's rated so highly! The ambiance of the place was super cute and casual with great decor and plants. 
For brunch we all had the egg and cheese sandwiches with hash browns and chicken sausage on it. They were excellent! 
We all split the apple & cherry Dutch pancake which felt like a dessert! Lots of fruit baked in and the outside was nice and crispy in the skillet pan. 
Overall a cute neighborhood gem in Queen Village that I definitely will be back to!Salt.
I've been waiting a couple months to write this review, as I wasn't sure if my experience was out of the norm. However, after speaking with some colleagues, I now know that mine wasn't different from others'.
We decided on the cheese platter and the tasting menu, realizing afterward that we ordered too much food. My toddler son was with us so we got the child's macaroni, expecting it to be simple, but ironically it was too complicated-looking and he wouldn't touch it.
The cheese platter was great. Provided it was too much for two adults, but that could be considered my fault. It was still worth the cost. The ginger jam and bread were good choices to accompany it. The choices of cheese available were spot on.
The tasting menu reminded me of when my mother had a cold and put way too much salt in the food. Even the fusilli has too much when it probably didn't need any, given the cheese mixed in. The pork would have been fantastic, if not for the brine it was served in. I'm not sure either of us tasted much beyond the salt. In the end, my wife gave up and went home to eat ramen. Yes, our food was so salty that ramen served as a respite for the taste buds. I'm thankful for the constant pouring of water. (I remember when I was a server and bartender before graduate school. If the customer had more than two glasses of water, the chef would taste the food to make sure everything was alright.)
This is where I assumed that it was the only occasion. However, it turns out that a few of my colleagues and friends have eaten there also for the first, and last, time. They also found the food to be "salt with a side of ___."
If there was any redeeming factor beyond the cheese plate, it would have to be the service. Our server was quite possibly the best. Either she was having a great night, or tried the food and was just putting on a great show, but it was well appreciated.
Why only two stars? For the price, I assumed we'd receive food that would be beyond edible. However, it didn't even quite manage that.Let's talk about why this place is enjoyable. Great ambiance, super friendly staff, yummy coffee, good food. For a coffee shop (at breakfast and lunch) it definitely gets the job done. 
I will also say my breakfast sandwich was a little burnt. I wish I got a pastry which looked and smelled way better. I will do that next time. For a coffee and egg sandwich with bacon I spent $17... Yikes right? 
I will come back, cause I like to hang here but will stick to my soy milk coffee and a croissant.We went right after it opened and didn't enjoy breakfast but that's probably because we both have pretty boring standard breakfast taste.
When we went back for dinner a few months later it was much better.  The staff were way more on top of things and the dinner food was a significant improvement over the breakfast food we had previously.  Dinner was quiet good!
Back again for the ACLU dinner this week, I know there were other chefs cooking besides the owner of THP but just wanted to say the staff was great and kudos to THP for hosting such a great event!Okay - this a review based on the first week of operation for HP - which is (literally) a block away from our house. I went on the FIRST night they served dinner as a soft opening. It was packed and the staff were just being trained so it took 90 minutes for the main plates to be delivered followed by the apps - don't ask!, just chalk up to the first night). Food was creative but will be too strange for most and especially kids. Portions small except sharable mains like pot roast. But it's $45 and serves 3-4. But what if you are just one or two.? Guess I won't be having that. Since it officially opened on Monday 1/18 it was not been full as I go by around 6 or 7pm. Menu is small and doesn't change so how often can you eat fish strogonoff or pigeon (think size of a quail). 
I hit breakfast on the 18th. (as an earlier yelper said it wasn't open before that). I arrived at 11:15 and was told that breakfast is 7AM-11AM and then they switch to lunch till 5pm. There were some baked goods. (basically 4 varieties of baked goods - bran muffin, biscuit, plain croissant and the breadpudding cinnamon roll. (Muffins only available when topped with eggs). The coffee (Ultimo) was wonderful. No discount on refills. 
This morning I walked by at 7:35 and the sign said they were closed.  So maybe they now open at 8am.  I'd call first before coing before 8Am to not be dissappointed.
I found the wait and counter staff to still be "in training" (no one knew what the 2nd and third coffees listed on the menu were and I got an odd look when I asked for butter or jelly for the plain homemade biscuit. (Someone finally found me jelly).
The room is great during the day with lots of light and wasn't full so fairly quite. If it is full at night expect LOUD. 
This coming weekend the Philly "brunchers" will hit HP for the first time. I don't know how the "Breakfast till 11 AM only" thing will play out. Guess we'll see. Again, I'll suggest that folks call first to verify the times of any menu change.
Neither time I was there were either of the owners in the dining room observing. I highly encourage them to do so. Many of the "issues" could be overcomed if they were "on site"
The neighborhood has been waiting 9 months or more since owners Scott and Pat announced their plans. the current menu doesn't quite match the sample they showed. My guess is that HP will evolve as neighbors (their core business demographic , if open for B,L and D) come  and return (or not). Like the NEW Living Room Cafe (5th and Monroe) this is a new venture and will evolve. I'll give it another try in a week or so and see if they have adapted to the neighborhood)
I'll update and re-grade this review again.Great spot for casual lunch & dinner (haven't made it to breakfast or brunch yet).  Easy, fresh and tasty food with a healthier and more savory take on the American fare. Friendly staff and clean too. I come here with a smile on my face.Vibes: popping bakery with cozy, wooden seating with lots of natural light shining in (during brunch time)
Tasting notes:
-Seasonal fruit galette: crisp, lightly sugared puff pastry with soft, sweet peaches nestled inside. Personal-sized, but can be split between two people. 
-Pepper hash: two sunny-side-up eggs accompanied with large slices of soft, chewy bread over salty, slightly caramelized onions and sweet peppers and skin-on, firm potatoes. On the oil-heavy side, but a tummy-warming breakfast dish. 
-Heirloom apple dutch baby: comes straight from the oven in a skillet, the butter becomes melted, a lovely dipping sauce; bread-pudding like, the Dutch baby is very soft and full of nutmeg and cinnamon flavor, with sticky caramelized sugar to peel off the sides of the skillet; the apples are thickly sliced, juicy, and tender. 
Will be back for: the pigeon-shaped shortbread cookies, the croissants-basically all the pastries that were sitting so enticingly out front at the bar.Let me preface this by saying, that I had been very much looking forward to this after all of the good things that I'd heard about it. Let me also preface this by saying the food is good, but we had a bad experience.
I would grade it this way:
A - for ambience: cozy vibe, intimate, rustic
B - for quality of food: some dishes were better than others, overall a tad expensive for what you're getting
D - for overall experience (see below)
Our waitress HAD to be new. Even with easy questions like "is the wine on tap red, white, or rose?" she needed to check with her bartender before answering. We chose to do the tasting menu, and we asked generally what we could expect. She said "it's a surprise...I don't even know. You leave it up the chef to determine."  None of us had food allergies or dietary restrictions... which is good, because she didn't even ask us about that. 
The tasting menu was a disappointment in the sense that there were 7 of us, but they were not cooking for 7 people. It was sort of "family style" I emphasize 'sort of' because most often when it's family style the portions come out on large plates, and there's enough to go around. This was not the case with us.
They started with 3 starters to share, 2 of which were sliced cucumber- based (I found this odd). Coincidentally, they came out as the largest portion of the night, but we didn't know we were supposed to fill up on those. It was especially evident that they were not cooking for 7 people, when they brought out a dish with 2 softshell crabs on it to share amongst us, and a dessert saucer with rice pilaf on it. When the waitress was asked about the portion size of the pilaf, she said it was supposed to be a "small bite" to go with the chicken--needless to say it didn't make it past half of us. 
There were other entrees that came out as well - I think they were good but none of us got enough of any of them to tell. Maybe it's me, but if you're going to have your guests share the entrees, doesn't it make sense to pick 2-3 and make enough to go around, instead of making us pick who will get the duck and who will get the chicken? I paid the same as everyone else, and would have liked to taste the crab, but alas all that was left was an old-bay-doused potato. 
When you do a tasting menu, there's an assumption that you, personally, are going to get to taste the same thing as everyone else. That you, personally, would get your own plate of proportioned food that would allow you to experience the best of what the chef can do. Had we been told by our waitress what to expect, I might not be as miffed today that I spent all that money to have a lot of cucumbers, a bit of pasta, and a bite of a few entrees, and too much gelato because I was still hungry at the end.Went to hungry pigeon on opening weekend. We live in the neighborhood so we had high expectations since so much time and effort went into the place. Needless to say we were very happy. The food was fresh and very favorable. The vibe and service were also excellent. So happy this place finally opened. Will be back soon and often.It's about as good a burger as I've had in this city. I'm pretty much disgusted by so many modern burgers. All weight and heft - 8-oz, 10-oz: too much! This one is the perfect size; a nice hand-held. I forgot to ask how I wanted it and it showed up medium-rare with shredded lettuce, a couple of homey pickle slices (good crunch), secret special sauce (think homemade Big Mac) and a seeded bun. Again, perfect. If it's an indication of how they do the rest of the menu, groovy. I guess I'll have to find out.
By the way, I asked to hold the fries, which come with the burger as a matter of course. I wasn't asked whether a salad might be a good substitute. It would be lovely, so next time I'll ask. Otherwise the 12 bucks for just this (albeit excellent) cheeseburger is stupid.Just had breakfast and coffee here and it was delicious! They use Counter Culture coffee, which is great. The breakfast sandwich was filling and delicious, as was the breakfast bowl. The decor is also adorable. Definitely check this place out!Excellent vibes. I want to hang out here. Just had biscuits and gravy with a fried egg and a black & white cocktail. Put me right. I've also had the burger for lunch and the pot roast at dinner. All good! Can't wait to come back and see what else they come up with. Oh yeah the almond croissant was excellent too. I'm really happy it's in my hood.
Adding to this review. The lattes are delicious and the ham and cheese croissant is super good. Once I had the chicken with accoutrements and it fed me for 2 days! I am saying this again. I really dig this place. The Hungry Pigeon is like going to a friend's house who happens to be an excellent chef and baker and loves to have people over.Rated as one of the top restaurants in Philly right now, I hate to say that the Hungry Pigeon didn't live up to the hype. A few of my friends and I came here for breakfast one Saturday morning and left feeling a bit disappointed. We arrived before they opened to find a line had already formed. We were promptly sat when the doors were opened and proceeded to order drinks. The cocktails are strong but very small for the price (my friend had to get 3 margaritas to equal the volume of one). I tried to customize something on the menu a bit and the server told me that it was not possible and for the rest of the meal wasn't the most attentive. Overall the food was just okay. I am not going to say that I won't be back, but I definitely won't go out of my way to eat there again.Best new restaurant in Philly! So happy that this is in my neighborhood. Been there three times already and loved it each time. Lots of character. Reminds me of Brooklyn. Can't go wrong with the green chicken.I went for brunch and had the egg sandwich with pork roll. It was very delicious I just wish there was more. The sandwich is small so I was still rather hungry when I left. From what I saw everyone seemed to be enjoying their brunch! I would go back againNice comfortable spot for a quick lunch. Lots of light and I suspect a good place to bring your laptop and have a cup and coffee while catching up on emails, and if that opportunity arises in the future that would be great. But for me this place is out of the way and not likely a place I'll make a special trip.I absolutely loved hungry pigeon. My family and I went for a later brunch on a Sunday. The wait wasn't bad for a group of 5 (30 mins). The decorations and pigeon theme is cute and the hanging plants in the window are cool. 
Food: We started with coffee which was great, but I was sad to hear that the refills cost extra. I had the breakfast bowl which was brown rice porridge, avocado, lentil sprouts, kimchi, zucchini and a poached egg. I'm glad that the waitress told me it would be soupy, because it wasn't exactly what I was expecting, but it was perfect for a chilly day. My fellow diners ordered the peach Dutch baby and the grass-fed beef hash. The peach Dutch baby came out in a skillet and was amazing! The grass-fed beef hash was delicious, a bit on the heavier side so make sure you're hungry. All in all, great experience, reasonable prices for the portions. Will be back!My friend and I had a great experience at Hungry Pigeon. I love how they serve their tea in a removable steeper, so you can decide how strong you want it. Plus, it's a cute touch! We received our food shortly after ordering, and the staff was super nice. I ordered the avocado toast, which was really good. My friend enjoyed her food, too!
I'm giving it 4/5 stars, because it was a little pricey for what we ordered. I would love to come back here again, but it won't become my regular spot.Drip coffee for $3.50 and NO FREE REFILLS! Food is pretty good, but the menu is limited.Went to Hungry Pigeon on the second day they had opened.  Love the ambience - very chilled out.  Good for dates, groups as well as families.  Wait staff was super attentive - and the bartender was awesome.  All four specialty cocktails were great - my fave was the black and white (think of a cold cappacino with rum).  The appetizers were good - the crudo could do with a little more acid.  The chicken entree (comes with soft tacos) rocked.  and the wife fell in love with the dessert (apple tart).
Overall - fantastic addition to the neighbourhood.  Hope they continue to do great.  will be back soon.Well this is one of those cases I'm def not in agreement with the majority of Yelp reviewers.  Here's why: 
I was meeting someone for lunch and I suggested the Hungry Pigeon in Queen Village because it would be easy for him to get to and I had heard some nice things about it.  Now the best thing about the place hits you right away - it looks great.  It's light and airy and clean and has a few cool pigeon art pieces including a dovecote chandelier.  When we looked at the menu, I was shocked by how small it was with nothing hitting me that I really wanted especially for the prices listed besides the items.  I decided to order their soup and a cheeseburger with fries.  You order at the counter, collect your silverware and go sit at a table and they bring the food to you.  You can find water and salt & pepper on a table in the back.  The food took a little while and when it finally did come I was surprised to see that it was the hamburger and not the soup.  When I matter-of-factly asked about the soup we had ordered the waitress replied and I quote (add in a little  indignation) - "I can only carry two things at once!"  Well in my experience around the world, the soup is an appetizer and served first  - before your main dish.  Besides we could have been eating the soup while they made the hamburger. About three to five minutes later, a different server finally brought us the soups.  
Now for the food itself - soup was decent and lukewarm for all the time it took arriving but to me for a seafood cream soup there were a few too many cubes of potatoes - it could have used more seafood.  The cheeseburger was def on the smaller size - especially for 13 dollars but decent enough ... and the fries were okay too.  But because I was out about 23 dollars (I had left a tip at the counter when I ordered - why did I do that?) for this lunch, I would have expected a lot more.  I didn't like the server's response to why the soup was being served after the hamburger and I didn't find the food worth the price at all.  I won't go back.  To be a little bit cutesy - in my opinion The Hungry Pigeon was for the birds!!Not sure why people like this place so much. My husband and I went there for dinner. The menu is extremely limited and mostly vegetarian. They were out of what I wanted and made mistakes with our order. The decor is uninspiring. The food was just okay. ??? I don't get it.Wow, the food was so good.  Everything was great! The hashbrowns were out of this world, the orange juice was freshly squeezed, but the coffee can be improved :)-paid $10 for a small pork roll egg and cheese.
-hash brown was basically a fried block of potato
-uber fancy beers, so fancy that the one ordered literally tasted like wet socks
-just another hipster restaurant with nice décor, although doesn't necessarily mean everything gets upcharged $5
needless to say I was still a hungry pigeon when I left, a broke hungry pigeon...Hungry Pigeon is my go-to spot for brunch. My favorite is the breakfast salad. It's always delicious and filling. I've been for lunch on a weekday. The weekday menu is more limited but it's the perfect spot to settle in and hang out with a book or friends mid-week. Dinner is next on my list!My husband and I had a dinner here between the Christmas and New Year's holidays. It was one of the several restaurants in the area south of South Street. We enjoyed the casual comfortable farm house-like setting. The service was among the best I have experienced at any restaurant ever. The servers were laid back but attentive, knowledge about the food, friendly but unobtrusive. My husband dropped his fork twice and a server we had not even noticed was on it like a ninja, replacing it before we realized what had happened. The food was interesting and good, more comfort food than gourmet but very good. The roast chicken family dinner and kale were particulaly good. The prices were reasonable. The only downside was the wine, which was served in a country kitchen style glass and tasted more like grape juice.We saw a review in the Inquirer. Very unique dishes that you won't find elsewhere. Fantastic atmosphere and hospitality.I live in Fishtown, and I've been to the Hungry Pigeon four times in the past month and a half. That's how good it is.
If you're there for dinner: Order some wine on draft, and pasta. You'll be happy with this. 
If you're there for brunch: If there's a wait, snag a pastry (made in-house) to satisfy your hungry belly. Get a bloody Mary, the pickle's got spice. Order the rhubarb dutch baby, which may be the most delicious pancake in the city. Order a hash brown (it's like a super thick and crunchy latke) and any seasonal egg dish. Sit at a communal table. Make friends. 
If you're there for a drink: Hang out with bartendress Molly and order a slice of banana cream pie (unlike any diner version you've ever had) with a scoop of Vietnamese coffee ice cream just for kicks. 
I look forward to making the drive to Queen Village many, many more times.Stopped in for breakfast take out.
Amazing breakfast sandwich, perfectly proportioned, tasted great.
Brought home a bunch pastries including "monkey bread", muffins, cookies, etc.  All were excellent!
Will definitely be back to dine in, menu looked great.The good: the hash brown, the morning beer, and the decor. The bad: everything else. My frittata was sad and tiny and the toast was inedible. Our waitress was also very rude. I really wanted to like this place, but I won't be going back.Had an outstanding dinner at the new Hungry Pigeon last night. Wait staff was attentive, and courteous.  Meal highlights : Hors D'Oeuvres - Baked Red Cat - Small Plate - Goat Stroganoff - Side dish - Chinese Potato Salad - Dessert - Tart Normandy - Cocktail - Black/White.
Also nice that Chef/Owner Scott Schroeder stopped by our table for several minutes to discuss the new restaurant, and to hear our opinions. Much appreciatedReally amazing place for breakfast and brunch, the breakfast salad is probably the best breakfast dish I've ever had. The hungry pigeon has really high quality ingredients that they pair together in creative delicious ways. People seemed to be upset about the coffee refills, but it makes sense. They use a higher quality coffee (which you can taste) so refills cost extra, not a big deal. The wait staff is attentive and deal with the crowds in the small space really well. Overall a really great place to try.My mom made reservations at Hungry Pigeon after she really enjoyed having drinks and appetizers there a few weeks before. There were so many things on the menu that looked good to us that we opted to do the tasting menu which was 100% the right call! If you let the server know what kinds of things you like and make them aware of any dietary restrictions, they will pick out some appetizers, a pasta, entres and desserts to serve family style. Everyone at the table has to participate if you want to do the tasting menu. My boyfriend has a dairy allergy and they were extremely accommodating. 
Highlights from the tasting menu included the eggplant dip, octopus salad, scallop crudo, mushroom pasta, albacore tuna entre, tomato and tofu poké and the entre salad with peaches. Everything was absolutely delicious and it was SO much food! I don't think there was a single thing they served us that I didn't like. So gourmet and fresh! Not that this  detracted from our experience, but if you do the tasting menu, be aware it is a lengthy dinner. We got to the restaurant at 8 and left at 11:30. 
Our server was incredibly pleasant and helpful. She was really knowledgeable about the wine selection and what would pair well with some of the things we tasted. She was also just so enthusiastic about the menu and seemed to genuinely enjoy working at Hungry Pigeon. This is an awesome spot and I would love to try it for brunch!Normally I'm not a big fan of pigeons, but I definitely  didn't leave the Hungry Pigeon hungry. Had a lovely brunch here recently and can't wait to go back for dinner. 
Started with the most delicious crispy Hash brown as an appetizer and the hits kept coming after that. 
The steak and eggs with stinky cheese was a huge portion and so delicious. Loved the purple potatoes.
The rice bowl with kimchi was kind of like a Korean fusion take on congee that I wasn't mad at but wasn't as good as Buckminster's.
The cheddar brussels sprout frittata was good but not super interesting. 
A few warnings: 
-the wait was about 20 minutes for brunch and they haven't yet mastered a system besides "just check back in in 20 minutes". I wish there was more of a waiting area or they took phone numbers or something.  Fortunately, there are some lovely places to kill time- check out the Moon and Arrow or Paradigm Art Gallery across the street.
-the large table is communal seating so you may be sharing your hungover brunch what happened last night stories with strangers...and their small children.
Recommend for brunch, and looking forward to trying again for dinner!Great spot for a quick morning bite and coffee.  Decent lunch option with frequently changing menu offering something different for your palate.  Decent beer options as well for the beer loversStopped in for dinner tonight and although they aren't fully open yet we had an excellent meal and are excited about what the pigeon brings to the neighborhood.  The drink menu was unique and we really enjoyed the house cocktails.  For dinner we started with the liver and cheese appetizers followed by the goat stroganoff and chicken meals with a broccoli side. We enjoyed it all but the goat, broccoli and chicken were our favorites.  The bartender Fred as well as Maria were extremely helpful.  Definitely worth giving the pigeon a tryBottom line up front. Stop at the Pigeon if in the neighborhood but don't go out of your way to visit.  I had breakfast and some online business at "bird is the word" (wireless password) mid-week, on the mixed review in Philly Magazine by Jason Sheehan. So I drove from Rittenhouse Square with a bit of anticipation and uncertainty about an eatery named for a flying rat. I chose the lauded breakfast sandwich: egg, Jack cheese, spicy chicken sausage, house made English muffin. The English muffins are whole-grain and very substantial. Compare them to the Wolferman's premium brand of English muffin. This sandwich is overwhelmingly bread, though, so I recommend to the chef an alternative presentation: serve it open face with only a half muffin and a petite vegetable garnish.
My egg was well done with crusty edges. Some might say burned. The hearty muffin deserved more succulence from an egg served slow-cooked, over-easy or barely medium. Perhaps this was the flaw, and not the muffin's fault. I felt like I was wrestling bread and slurping Ethiopian pour-over to avoid signing for the Heimlich maneuver.
The operational design here lacks a small customer-server element that requires you to set a quick boundary: the presumptuous payment option with a tip before service even begins. Customers order from and pick up at the bar,  with payment on an iPad. Of course you can choose $0 tip. So skip it and take cash for the table, assuming you are well served in the meantime. Another option on the iPad that may encourage servers to promptly bus your table: Cash Tip at Table. It just puts me off to even make this choice electronically when a restaurant is half serve yourself and half bussed. A pre-service tipster approach, however is common fare in restaurants with this operational design.
The bird is a family place so prepare for crying babies. It was a humid, drizzling 85°  August morning, and the AC was a little less pumped than desired.
Many writers think the decor is just lovely, but the plants are all monochromatic green, lacking color and creativity, similar to the decorum of my big muffin and egg sandwich.Amazing brunch. The bread basket contained croissants, biscuits, scones, and other delicious items - I would recommend it to everyone. The egg and cheese sandwich was also really good, though the egg was cooked different for my friend who ordered the same sandwich. The Bloody Mary was satisfying but a little forgettable. I went around 10:30 on a Sunday and there was no wait.The food is good, not exceptional, but solid. However, the manager running the pace is so rude and unpleasant, goes around micromanaging employees that are actually doing a good job and speaking of customers (like me) as if we are stupid and could not hear her.  What a horrible service. I live in the neighborhood and I am not coming back for a while.Literally the best breakfast sandwich in Philadelphia. I have only frequented the hungry pigeon twice which is shameful because I do live so close and was anxiously awaiting their opening. The restaurant itself is absolutely adorable with the live plants and unique lighting. The service is friendly and the food is great.
Normally what is there to really say about an egg and cheese sandwich? But this is on a home made English muffin (to die for) and their egg is just the right amount of runny, the pork roll is perfectly grilled and the cheese is melted just right. 
So glad I've discovered this amazing breakfast, I'm anxious to try their other tempting options but skipping that breakfast sandwich is going to be quite the task.Weird and wonderful. The servers sport piercings and tattoos, and speak a language that could be English, but maybe not. The food is wonderful, meant to be shared and spicey. The bread and butter costs extra and is very good, but probably not worth $5.00. The fetucinni with seafood was satisfactory, although the seafood was had to identify, except for the shrimp. I'd go back if I were 18. But since I am over 70, probably not. Peace out.Arrived with a friend who is a self-proclaimed very-unadventurous eater. Convinced her to order the chicken liver mousse, beef kebabs, crab gnocchi with uni butter, and the whole roasted trout for us to share. The whole trout was the best fish I've had in years. My unadventurous friend loved everything, even the liver mousse, though I couldn't convince her to try the squab (yet). 
Shout out to our awesome server Kelsey for the stellar guidance!Fantastic tasting menu!!!! 9 course, and 4 desserts! Wow!!!!!! Especially love their trout!Absolutely one of the best dining experiences I've had. Went to dinner by myself and sat at the bar. Every single person on staff was so nice. I ordered the "let us cook for you" it's four courses of their choosing and I highly recommend it! The chef loved that I ordered this alone so he personally brought out each course, gave me a complimentary glass of champagne, and poured us both a shot at the end of my meal. The food was amazing and I loved each dish he brought me. You could tell he really cared about the food he was serving. Phenomenal meal.Expectations can be a terrible thing.  We went to HP for dinner because it was listed on-line as the #1 restaurant in Philly.  It was a perfectly lovely meal, but we were oversold.  First off, the room is loud.  When full, very, very loud.  Difficult to converse in normal voices.  Second, the menu is very limited.  There are only three entrees on the regular menu plus two specials the night we were there.  Moreover, one of those regular entrees -- the fried chicken -- is listed as "very limited quantities."  We ordered the "let us feed you" tasting menu.  Four courses.  The best of these was the appetizer course, where we got to sample three items from the regular menu.  The Rhode Island squid was a totall home run.  Squid was cooked through but tender, the sauce was just spicy enough to make things interesting, and the potatoes and tomatoes in the dish lent nice contrast.  The chicken liver mousse and eggplant caponata were also very fine.  The next course was pasta -- little neck clams with fregola (a pasta in the form of small spherical pellets).  This was a bit uninteresting.  The clams were great but the pasta and sauce were on the boring side.  Salt helped a bit, but we were disappointed.  The entree was pork meatloaf with mashed potatoes and green beans.  This was one of the special entrees of the evening.  It was a good meatloaf.  But not so good as to turn heads or justify a five star rating.  Finally desert was two types of ice cream and a chocolate tart.  The tart  was actually a bit dry to my taste, and again, nothing tremendous.  Server was absolutely charming, helpful and attentive.  There is a sense that everyone at HP cares about turning out good quality food and providing a good experience, and it is all that.  But if its the top table in Philly, then the food scene in the City of Brotherly Love is weaker than we thought.HP is a cafe by day and pretty fine at night. Brunch on weekends is usually too crowded for my taste, but if you can't get there during the week, it's worth the wait. 
You can just get the egg sandwich and be done with it, but the pastries are also off-the-charts good here. 
They know how to make food taste good, so even if you have a restricted diet, you can ask for what you need and they'll make it work and taste really, really good. Although, if you're GF, this will make you crave everything you're not supposed to want anymore. 
The vegan chop salad looks small, but it is NOT, and it always tastes amazing. 
I've only had dinner here twice, but both times were very good. 
I love you HP. I hope I'm still eating breakfast at you when I retire in 2055.I love the atmosphere of this place and it is in a not so busy part of the city. Went there for breakfast and just split two pastries. The banana bread cinnamon roll and biscuits with jam. I don't know if it was still very early or if it was the rainy day but the waitress at the counter taking our order was less than friendly. We were obviously new and didn't know how the service worked and she was no help and seemed bothered by our questions. The pastries were ok but it is hard to tell when they are not warmed. I would suggest if you order anything to see if you can get it warmed up. I will definitely go back to this place and try bigger breakfast items or dinner. I know they are known for their breakfast sandwiches.A farm to table restaurant. Went for a late Sunday brunch. Good pastry: a delicious apple Galette. A pretty good chocolate croissant (still waiting for a Paris quality chocolate croissant somewhere in Philadelphia). Place was crowded, about 15 minutes wait for a table, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. 
Cream chipped beef on toast with eggs was a standout. The wine list looked really interesting. 
On the minus side: pricey. Coffee is $2.50 per mug, no refills. Ordered a 2nd cup, got clipped for another $2.50. Coffee is the slightly acidic Philadelphia gourmet style, aka "High-end Wawa."   Africa/Central America beans dominate over Java/Indonesia. May go back one more time. Won't order coffee.
Good staff.Pat's bread and butter - 
What a nutter,
She sits alone right at the bar. 
Some wine? Why not?
Tempura she bought.
Yet still the bread was the bright star.Absolutely packed on Saturday's but worth the wait. Beautiful designed interior and spacious, great for families. It's a great sit down place but I'm normally just here grabbing coffee and pastries to go. They're flaking and baked evenly, and surprisingly stay fresh for a couple hours.The new kid on the block has arrived in Queen Village.  Over the past week, have frequented the Hungry Pigeon twice, once for drinks with friends and this snowy morning for breakfast with my wife.
While i have a lot of hope for the space, there are some basics affecting the customer experience that are far off point, even for a newly opened establishment, before I'd be able to boost its Yelp star power.
Attention to detail:  after ordering a coffee, sugar or cream wasn't part of the standard delivery.  In fact, cream (or skim milk or anything beyond whole milk) was non-existent. A pretty long wait for the sugar and then a double-ask for milk resulted in some very chilly coffee. Along the same detail lacking lines, a salad ordered with dressing on the side showed up with heavy dressing.
Non-dairy options:  This day in age, especially in Philly, options beyond whole milk to add to coffee is the norm.  Unfortunately, HP lost a sale this morning to my wife.  Adding almond milk and/or soy milk would open up options without much of an inconvenience for the restaurant. 
Portions:  This has come up in a few other reviews. I ordered the Breakfast Bowl (very good with a bit of a kick) and side of hash browns (good but luke warm) while my wife ordered the chopped salad (good), both left still hungry.  In fact, my wife's parting words when we left were, "I need a coffee and something to eat."
We are pulling for you Hungry Pigeon, but work on some of the loose ends.This place is a mash up of everything that is on trend in the restaurant business right now & it's too much of a not good thing . The service is pretentious, the vibe is pretentious, the prices are too high, the portions are too small & the food is mediocre at best.We had breakfast and it was great. Forget those reviews about portion sizes. This is not a diner.  Good food comes in manageable sizes. I will be back!!My wife and I went here for our anniversary and had a terrible experience. Avoid the dinner tasting menu. I think the restaurant is coasting now that it received so much favorable press. 
Food: C. The first course featured fresh bread and delicious jalapeño jam, tasty beats, and a confusing turkey pate that was essentially a bland meatloaf. It was downhill from there, through a pasta dish that tasted like cream of mushroom soup with extra salt and a basic Lancaster chicken. 
Value: F. This is what really left a bad taste in our mouth. For two $50 tasting menus, we got 5 of the cheapest things on the menu. It was so noticeable we added it up: ~$90 of a la carte items for $100!
Service and Ambiance: C. Decent service, but no mention of the anniversary despite noting it at reservation. Loud and crowded inside.
To answer the owner's reply, we never received complimentary cava. But I just wanted a "happy anniversary" not free stuff.Amazing meal!  Family style with exquisite preparation and presentation.  Can't wait to go back!Food was delicious! We went early Sunday morning with a party of 6, was seated immediately at a long table in the back. Service was decent and portions were fair. Thought the $9 mimosa was small and overpriced but other than that it was worth the trip. I hope to be back soon!Great brunch: breakfast salad with poached eggs and charred, spicy green beans was excellent.Great place! I like the way the pastries and meats taste. I think it's fair they charge you for each cup of coffee. It's nice coffee and it tastes nice too. Thanks. You don't get free refills on beer or wine or cocktails which is lame but ok.Went here for a dinner. The place is beautiful with plenty of plants and cute decorations. Feels very warm and welcoming. Our server was very attentive and helpful. Drinks and food were excellent. The ceviche is a must! Can't wait to come back for more.My husband and I were welcomed by friendly staff who did a great job in describing the menu. She recommended the peach with goat cheese and lavender honey. It was very tasty and the flavors just blended in very well! We also ordered the roasted corn with lobster butter and old bay. The lobster butter made the dish truly stand out. For the entree we had the fried 1/2 chicken and that was one of the best fried chicken I've tasted. It was very balanced - well seasoned and fried without heavy grease or overwhelming spices. You can truly taste the fresh chicken. Our waitress mentioned that the fresh chicken is delivered daily from Lancaster and so this dish is limited quantity. We will definitely come back and perhaps try brunch which is very popular.I ate lunch here a couple of weeks ago with a friend, and everything was delicious, so I came back with my son to have dinner here tonight. 
Perhaps we should have been more careful ordering. 
The deviled eggs were made with pickles and dill, the pickled winter vegetables tasted like vinegar and dill (didn't taste any layered flavors like allspice or other sweet spices that might have added some depth of flavor). 
And the goat stroganoff, which had an otherwise tasty sauce and truly toothsome noodles? You guessed it - loaded with dill weed. Lots and lots of dill weed - and a whole lot of pickles! No mushrooms, pickles instead, and we were hard pressed to find the goat meat. 
We ordered one of the evening's specials, a charcuterie plate with goat cheese curd, goat head cheese, potted pigeon, two small, thin slices of meat (sorry, I've forgotten what kind), Dijon and - you guessed it! - pickles! One baffling thing about the charcuterie plate was that it did not come with any bread or even crackers. If you want bread, which is generally de rigueur with any charcuterie I have ever ordered, you must ask for "bread service" for an additional charge. It's a very good charcuterie plate. Too bad they don't just charge a little more and serve it with some nice sourdough or baguette slices. 
We also ordered the grilled sweet potatoes, which were very nicely grilled, but came with a Brussels sprouts and barley slaw topping that was too salty. 
We weren't going to order dessert, but there was a "$100 chocolate cake" that sells for $10/slice. We read some of the reviews and the cake received raves, so we ordered it. It's a basic chocolate cake with a dark ganache frosting and filling. The chocolate was delicious but, unfortunately, the cake was extremely dry. The local milk that came with it was rich and creamy, however. 
Even now, an hour after we finished dinner, we can still taste dill and vinegar. 
I want to like this place, because it is cozy and near home, so I'll give it one more try for dinner when hubs returns from his trip. (I will undoubtedly return for lunch.) 
Next time we'll be on guard for that darn dill weed and those over abundant pickles.food was good, place was clean, waitress super nice, but the hostess had a bit of an attitude. really put me off my experience, by the end I had mostly forgotten about it since the waitress was so nice. the bloody Mary is also very very spicy for some reason. the breakfast bowl was really good, lentils were my favorite part surprisinglyI came here with my boyfriend because it looked so chic and hip and we just wanted to grab some drinks. The beer selection was good and the staff was extremely friendly. But then we order a little food to hold us over and the experience took a turn. A meat tray for $18 that made us gag (literally),no thank you. I give ya 3 stars because the atmosphere was cute and the host was so nice (especially about giving us quarters in a meter system city). I would recommend it to someone for a beer and maybe a cute instagram picture but I'd stay away from the odd menu.I love a place that's decorated with a theme....obviously this theme was birds....specifically pigeons. It's cute with the decor that gives a very green earth feel...as well as exposed brick to make it feel cozy. 
Also that has brown loaf had to be the best thing I've ever tasted.
Also they have pigeon shaped dog treats....HOW CUTE is that????If you like charred, lukewarm food, you'll enjoy Hungry Pigeon. 
At dinner, we had a choice of four entrees: meat, chicken, fish, vegetable. 
I ordered the delicata squash entree. The slices of squash were charred. The brown rice was hard. The whole mess- and it was plated that way - tasted like charcoal. And it was lukewarm. 
The broccoli side was . . . charred. And, yes, lukewarm. 
The fish and potatoes were okay, not special. 
At these prices (up to $35 for an entree), there is no excuse for uninspired, tepid food. And  no excuse for lack of talent and attentiveness in the kitchen. 
The room is pleasant, except for the blasts of frigid air that flood the room whenever the door opens. The staff were efficient and welcoming. 
There are many better places nearby. Go there.
==========
Later comment: For a real taste of what awaits you at Hungry Pigeon, read the comment below from Scott S the "business owner." This is a restaurant that really cares about its customers.
(Since Scott S will probably delete his comment upon sobering up, I'll post it for you, complete with misspellings:)
"12/15/2016 Awe Barry, we're sorry about whatever it is that happened to you earlier in life. I did therapy for awhile, it helped a lot.
Best,
Scott & The Hungry Pigeon Team"We were walking around really hungry. I was supposed to cook at home but way to tired. Stopped by this place due to great reviews. We sat at the bar, because we didn't have a reservation. But after we were done (which we stayed a long time nursing our drinks) there were tables open that we could've had. Had the trout for two. It was good but not great. I felt like I've could made better. A lot of bones, I had to be careful. 
The staff was great and attentive. All around a good place.The breakfast bowl looked like it was for a child.  Looked like an odd bowl of porridge soup?  No idea and I'm a big time foodie.  The eggs were runny at best.  $6.00 extra for 2 pieces of bacon?  This wasn't mentioned that would be extra.  Eggs were runny.  The hash brown looked like a burnt brownie.  Coffee is $2.50 per cup and NO refills.  Even the Ritz-Carlton gives free refills. Recognize where you are and the service to provide to your customers.  The waitress had zero personality too- the cherry on top of a very disappointing brunch.Wow! We were so impressed with our dinner at Hungry Pigeon. We went on a slow sunday afternoon, maybe 5pm, so the place was empty. But none the less, we were provided amazing food, great service, and cute atmosphere. 
The Food here is ridiculous. Everything we had was so delicious, it kept us ordering more! 
- We started with the MEZZE platter, which was a large size (best portion size for the price!), and came with hummus, amazing eggplant puree, beans, cucumbers, beets, and olives. We loved this dish!    
- BAKED RED CAT was a cheese like brie, baked with a yummy jam with it. Loved this cheese!  - Our favorite was a special item, SMOKED FISH served ahi style, with pickled strawberries and the most delicious olive oil sauce drizzled on top. This dish blew our minds! Small, demolished in 1 minute, but it was only $5. We should have ordered 3 more! 
- PORK SCHNITZEL was OK, probably my least favorite. Nothing bad about it, just not as amazing as the other dishes. But, it is just a schnitzel. I think the horseradish could have been stronger. 
- GNOCCHI with fresh mozzarella and cherry tomatoes was also OK. It was very small gnocchi, and although you can tell it was carefully home-made, the sauce wasn't adding much to the dish and it was over-powered with the stewed cherry tomatoes. But again, not a bad dish, we ate the entire thing and enjoyed it. They change the pasta items very often, so I don't even think this dish is on the menu anymore. 
We were too full for dessert, although the choices sounded delicious. We also didn't want to spend more money since we over-ordered food and blew the budget LOL. 
Drinks were great. They had some nice craft beer choices, and fancy cocktails. We had a vodka ginger drink with basil and some other ingredients that was delicious. I think around $11.
I need to come back here, and soon!  I want to try brunch, the brunch reviews are fantastic. I'd also like to try some of their home made pastries which they are famous for, but unfortunately the pastries were thrown out by the time we arrived for dinner. Can't we have pastries for dessert? Make more!! :) 
Amazing place, with amazing food. Love it!The servers and decor were nice. We got the tasting menu with wine pairing. I think I had set my expectations too high after reading this place was the 'best in Philly'. The food was unimaginative and the wine pairings were fine I suppose, considering the reasonable $25 price point for four glasses. 
I said '3 stars' to myself as I walked out the doors, but Scott, the owner, seems to reply to less than stellar reviews with salty and sarcastic comebacks. Curious to see his reaction to this one.Hungry pigeon lives up to it's name.  We had a large group for dinner and opted for the tasting menu.  Let's just say it is not recommended.  After spending a sizable amount of money, they brought out one salmon entree, one chicken entree, and a squash entree to split between the whole group with a bunch of vegetables and bread as sides.  The flavors we're OK, but knowing that we were merely splitting three entrees among a large group of people (15 of us) left a lot to be desired.Had lunch here on Sunday. Wait time wasn't bad. Service was excellent. I had breakfast bowl. It did say "spicy" so I took a risk of ordering it as is since I loved all ingredients listed but I don't do "spicy". I would order it again but I would ask for the spicy sauce on the side, if possible. But if you like spicy, this is very, very good. Overall, lovely place and I would come back when in Philly.We tried Hungry Pigeon for breakfast. We tried the avocado toast, breakfast bowl, banana sticky bun and 2 coffees.... for the price of $36
Avocado toast was good, the fried egg had a hard ring around it but was good. The banana sticky bun was, ehhh, good taste but I wouldn't get it again. It had a hard sugary shell around it. 
The breakfast bowl was not what I was expecting, it was literally a bowl of stew with an overpowering flavor of kimchi. You certainly cannot taste anything but the spice. I would not get it again. 
Coffee was fine, $2.50 and no refills. 
You order at the counter and carry your own water and coffee to the table. They bring the food to the table. 
I like the outside seating and the decor/ambience was nice inside. 
For me, it's a place I will try once but it wasn't great enough to make me want to come again.This is a review of 1 thing. The best croissant I have ever had. I can't speak about anything else because this almond croissant has blown me away completely. Wow. I seriously enjoyed this pastry! Short and sweet.Let me start out positive; The restaurant/cafe has a very nice atmosphere, servers are nice and friendly, and great beer selection as well.  The same cannot be said for the food. Their food menu is not specific, but I ordered the goat with greens and noodles anyways.  When it came out, the presentation was ok, not good but not bad, my plate mostly consisted of greens drenched in mustard, and you could barely see any goat or noodles on the plate, and the plate was $18 before taxes. In fact, I had to use the lit candle on the table to search for the goat meat because it was a late night dinner and its a dark restaurant, and only found 3 very small goat pieces, literally 3.  I really wanted to like this place because it's literally a couple of feet from where I live and it's a nice looking place, but the food was such a disappointment.I'm giving this place two stars only because it was clean. I ordered the breakfast bowl, which was the most foo-foo breakfast bowl in history.  I ordered coffee to go with it. I was sitting at the counter with three people standing behind it; at no time did they offer to refill my cup. 
I now feel compelled to go to Wawa and get a cup of coffee and something to eat to get the taste of that meal out of my mouth.It was fine. Not a lot of food for a lot of money. Probably won't return even though we live in the neighborhood. Also, no options except whole milk for coffee. Would be nice to have skim, soy, etc. as options.The waiter was super friendly and helpful. The decor and ambience is comfortable. Not too loud. The food was good, especially the roast chicken. The cheeses we got were fine but not amazing.After the owner basically "uninviting" me to try brunch in his comment due to an honest, yet unfavorable review and not responding to my asking why my 3 year old review of a local airport was relevant to my ability to review a restaurant, I am updating my review to reflect my experience with this restaurant.Great coffee!  Yummy Asparagus/Potato Frittata!  Rhubarb Dutch Baby satisfied my sweet tooth!  Super friendly service! (Hopefully not just because Scott was sitting next to us!) Water those plants and I'll give you 5 stars next time...heehee!Everything about this place is spot on from the service to the food. Did I mention the ambiance? That too was perfect from the exposed brick walls to the great looking bar. Servers knowledgeable and helpful. The kitchen knows their stuff. All the accolades are well deserved. Go!Amazing! We stumbled on this place yesterday evening, and we're thrilled. Lovely space, great service, and the food was superlative. Also a very nice beer and wine selection. Both the cauliflower ravioli and the vegan squash entree were outstanding, but very different. I am very picky and usually have no problem finding something to complain about, but not this time. Thank you Pigeon people!!!The hubby and I tracked over in the snow, as we've been dying to check this place out since we learned of its existence.  Upon walking in, we were loving the warmth of the decor, the fact that everyone looked happy, and the fact that they had a few tables open so we wouldn't have to wait long.
The best way describe what ensued is that its name 'Hungry Pigeon' serves it right... it's perfect if your appetite is bird-like... or if you're more of a drinker I could see this as a great lil spot.  
We each grabbed a beer which was a delightful start to a brunch.  The Blood Orange Gose was EXACTLY what the doctor had ordered.  From there, we split a banana cinnamon bun... which served cold... and with no knives or sign of a waiter/waitress, we broke apart with our forks.  It was pretty damn good, but would have been out of this world if it had just been thrown on a griddle for a few minutes to warm back up.
For my brunch, I went for the breakfast bowl ($9).  It sounded really hearty, and being so cold... it was exactly what I wanted.  My husband went for 2 eggs over hard, toast, a hash brown ($9), and a side of scrapple ($5).  When our food came out, we were kind of blown away by how teeny it was.  My bowl was served in a little tin dish that had a military feel to it, yet was still very chic.  My food... was essentially a watery porridge with 1/8 of an avocado, a tablespoon of green stuff (kimchi salsa verde?), 1 poached egg, and some beans + sprouts thrown in it.  I ate it very slowly because I didn't want to be rude... but essentially it was like 8 solid bites of food.  Please keep in mind this was my brunch.... i.e. breakfast + lunch.  I guess I'm not the hungry pigeon I thought I was.
He had a similar experience.  He balked at the fact that they gave him 1 piece of toast... as if 2 pieces of bread would have broken the bank.  The eggs were pretty standard... as eggs are.  I took a bite of his hash brown, and it was absolutely delicious, but maybe 60% of the size of my hopes and dreams (and Honeys... and McDonalds even...).  He's a big dude... and crankier than I am when he's hungry, so i layed off and let him eat.  He ate every last bite... 
$40 + tax/tip later, we left and went to Lorenzo's and split a slice on the walk back home.  The food was amazing... but there just wasn't enough OF it to justify the price, nor the effort.  
When the Very Hungry Caterpillar opens up, call me!Very small menu for lunch, although everything was thoroughly tasty and I give it to the back of the house...the front of the house on the other hand would seem to rather be completely empty based on the lack of customer courtesy.  One was training, no fault to her, but the other two seemed like they could care less. I'm in the industry 15yrs. I never write reviews, although my lunch with my wife seemed awkward and uncomfortable at the least. Voted above places like Laurel, Townsend and Vernick, more was expected. Much more. Once again this isn't about the quality of food.This is a very photogenic space! My two girlfriends and I came here on a weekend for brunch. They have large floor to ceiling glass windows and exposed brick walls which makes that space airy and refreshing. They get pretty busy on the weekends (obvi) for brunch, but as chaotic as it gets and may seem, service is fast and the staff was super-friendly and accommodating.  
The menu is very limited. I had the "Two Eggs any style" egg white scramble with a side of toast; it was okay and standard. They don't allow for ANY MODIFICATIONS OR SUBSTITUTIONS to the menu, which I though was also very odd. Frittata is your best bet if you want something good. 
PROS: 
- serve alcohol
- space is lovely
- nice location
- service and staff are great
- jams and preserves are delicious
CONS:
- Wish they had more breakfast options and variety... only have two eggs (can't add anything to the eggs), frittata, breakfast bowl with egg and brown rice, and bacon options...that's about it!
- can't modify your entree or make minor substitutions 
- food is not anything to scream about
What really makes this place great is the staff who were just wonderful! 
* one thing I thought that was funny is that there is NO WIFI ON WEEKENDS! What does this even mean and why?First visit last evening. The space is comfortable, but as a previous reviewer stated, the food lacked any memorable flavor. We did enjoy the cured salmon appetizer, but the chopped liver app was a tad dry and difficult to get down more than one taste. The monk fish entree was served over/in a flavorless tomato sauce and a small amount of polenta that again was prosaic. The dish would have benefitted from being punched up. 
We dined at the bar, which is actually table height and is not conducive to just standing at to have a drink. I guess it was done to encourage dining. The bar staff was competent, but the whole Marilyn Manson goth-look seems to be signaling an appeal to a different patron. 
The owner made some unusual choices IMO concerning the menu, bar and staff, and it will be interesting to see how they fare. I will visit again for coffee and breakfast (the bread basket was good, but it comes with a $5 charge), but would be hesitant to return for dinner.Love the concept, execution was off a bit. English muffin good but a bit burnt. Egg cooked all the way through. Asked for it over. Hash brown a bit over cooked. The banana nut sticky bun!! Wow!!! Ice coffee good but not great. Cold brew? Didn't taste it. I'll give it another try.We accidentally came across this place after staying a night in Queens Village. I love it! They had a yummy granola, yoghurt with fruit and actually didn't bat an eye when I ordered a tea latte! My mum, a cafe owner from Nz loved her double espresso, eggs and bacon. 5 stars from us. Thank you so much for the yummy breakfast!