I hate this store, it is what it is.  It's overpriced cheaply made furniture that you have to shop for, cart, tote, and assemble yourself.  The price for a bedroom set or anything other than one piece adds up so quickly that you're better off going to a furniture store and getting real wood.  I think if people took time to compare the price of real furniture that could last a lifetime compared to the pressed particle board that so easily bends, breaks, tears, etc., there would be no hesitation to buy better stuff.  Ashley or another reasonably priced furniture retailer should open up next door.  Also, every employee seemed miserable, which added to my own misery in this warehouse of crap.Over the past decade I've been to Ikea stores in four different states. I know what to expect at this point. I willingly embrace the particle board furniture, maze-like store layouts, and trying to wrestle giant boxes of flat-packed furniture onto a cart. 
But until today, I didn't know a trip to Ikea could be this miserable. I realized I've taken the blue and yellow homogeneity of other stores for granted.
At 5:30 PM on a Wednesday, the South Philly Ikea felt strangely similar to a Wal*Mart at 2am. Their "marketplace" area is under construction, but that doesn't explain why the few marketplace items that were available were arranged in no discernible groups and strewn about like a small tornado had just come through. Many of the items in the self-service pickup area were unavailable - not because they were actually out of stock, but because no one had bothered to bring any down from the higher shelves. Pallet trucks blocked the aisles, but weren't actually being used. We were only able to find about 3/4 of the stuff we had planned to buy.
When we went to checkout we were informed that the line was closing and that we should get in another line. Except that there weren't any others open - just those infernal "15 items or less" self checkout machines - and we had two carts piled full of unwieldy furniture. Apparently it was time for the cashier's legally mandated break. Why no one had planned for this eventuality is beyond me, but after standing around for 10 minutes they managed to find someone else to open a register rather than funnel everyone in the store through the self check-out area. 
On a positive note, the gentleman who did ring us up was quick and friendly, and scheduling delivery was pretty painless.  But overall this is the most depressing Ikea I've ever been to, and I'm sticking to the one out in Consohocken from now on.I have been usually pleased with the food court at IKEA , but recently they have made some changes . They no longer serve Lingonberry juice from the fountain. You have to buy a single serving. Why the Change? The cashier was even rude. I asked about my rewards cards and asked if he would accept a phone # while he was ringing me up . The food item had a discount . When I asked him again ., He shorted " You have to have it with you " i was surprised at the tone of an Ikea Employee. I am so disappointed.  First time I had a bad experience.I've been to a dozen or so Ikea locations up and down the east coast. One thing is for sure, one is not better than the rest.  They all offer the same stock, are about the same size, and have the same set up - displays upstairs, inventory downstairs.  In the 20 + years I've been a customer it's been a love/hate affair.
LOVE the displays providing room design ideas, the multiple ways they use the same pieces, and the fact that you can see and feel how each piece functions.  Love the options and choices.  Love the prices and abundance of inventory, the way things are packed to make transporting home in a car easy.  Love that they also have Swedish food to eat there or take home prepackaged.
HATE the return process (if you can even get them to take something back), the hunt for the merchandise on your list, the complex assembly with limited instructions.  Hate the poor quality and the fact that inventory and parts change often and chances are if something breaks you can't get replacement parts.  Hate the long lines that are present at every location, the lack of help loading.  Hate that you have to buy their bag if you want your items bagged.
One thing I have discovered is even if you scour the catalog for days on end, make a list and check it twice once you get to the store all will change.  You'll see a piece in a display different from the catalog and fall in love, or the opposite - you'll see the piece you came for and the display isn't how you envisioned.  Either way sometimes too many choices equal too much frustration.
This coming from a woman that once packed up my car, measured the space remaining, and went back and purchased more.  That drove home two hours down the turnpike smack dab against the windshield because the driver's seat held not only myself but a box.  Or that I once loaded my car so full I couldn't even see my children.  Yes, all this has happened and happens all the time.  If you want a good comical reality experience just sit in the parking lot and watch people load for a few hours....
Overall as I aged so did my style.  While the catalog and displays are nice, rarely if ever does that same piece look like that in my own home.  My daughter's bedroom was entirely Ikea and in less than a year we had to do multiple repairs on our own.  Drawer bottoms are week, side rails are plastic, beds and dressers are no more than particleboard wrapped in a laminate skin.  Wheels on trundle beds are undersized and the design faulty.  What works for the Swedes unfortunately doesn't work for American children.
As a middle aged woman I now come for the inspiration.  For ideas that I can take home and rework with more structurally sound pieces.  I come for the accessories, the candles in bulk, and the furniture pieces that are inexpensive and will only get occasional use.  I come for the unique - things that can only be found at Ikea.  For a day browsing with girlfriends or killing time in a vacation location.
So this love  affair for the most part is over, or maybe just categorized to friends with benefits.Ok who doesnt like Ikea! I furnished my new apartment with all things ikea, its so affordable and chic its crazy! I now have a white fabric couch and wont be too upset if anything happens to it since it was such a good price and the covers are washable!
They have a flat $99 for delivering (straight into whatever room you want) which is really good if you buy multiple big pieces all at once.
For the smaller stuff I just went in the store and drove them back home.
Their wooden cubes for storage is amazing and so versatile! As is basically everything else.. ok I just love this place!Alright, I felt the need to write a little update from a positive side...
My fiance and I went here last week for a "Save the SS United" presentation.  If you're not sure what the SS United is, it's the rusting Titanic across the street.  Since my fiance is writing her thesis on the ship, we felt like it was a good event to go to... not to mention that it was catered by Ikea and all I could think of was unlimited Swedish meatballs.  It was exactly that, but more.  To my surprise, they did one hell of a job hosting/catering this event.  The venue was perfect because as they did slide shows and such about the ship, it was sitting in the water right across the street.  In addition to that, Ikea now has SS United awareness stickers on the window - two points for community outreach!  I'm getting off track - the food was great and plenty of it, the event was cool and spacious and I was thoroughly impressed.  4 stars because I still have issues with returns department...This IKEA location is about the same as the one in Southern California. They got a good selection of furniture to choose from. Most of their items are in stock and their products are fairly organized. The parking is ample and you can load your furniture at the front loading spots of the store. The food they offer on the second floor is pretty good for the price. I enjoyed the BBQ Ribs combo. The ribs were tasty and saucy. I would come back just for the food.Not my favorite IKEA store but I needed a place to kill time before lunch.  Overall I am VERY fond of IKEA stores.  They always have some great gadgets & I try to grab them when I can before they are gone.  Got my fix today & really enjoyed it.This is the first IKEA I've ever been to, and it's pretty awesome. I just come here to organize my place more and get inspired by their sleek, fancy designs. 
The top floor is the show room and the bottom is where you can actually shop and throw items in your cart or trolley. You can also get a tasty meal on the top floor, and I recommend their traditional Swedish meatballs!
If you see a short Caucasian woman walking around with a look of wonder on her face, that's probably me, walking around for fun. Haha.It's Ikea, I mean, they've perfected the process of finding the cheapest most mass-produced crap that is both palatable yet slightly unsatisfying to almost everyone equally. I'm not really sure at this point if I'm reviewing the food or the furniture, yet. Hmm, I used the word "palatable," I guess I'll go with the food.
So, yeah, it's Ikea. If you've eaten at one, they're all the same. Their cafeteria is best during school hours on school days (to avoid the herds of screaming children barely controlled by their parents) which is coincidentally, the only good time to shop for pressboard (oops, I mean furniture). I've had both breakfast and lunch, and neither were spectacular, but it filled the belly, thus achieving my purpose.
The most unique part of the dining experience is being able to sit and look out at the decaying SS United States on the Delaware. Or explaining to my wife why they don't have underground parking like every other Ikea (psst, it has something to do with the water level that close to the river.)It is a fact that sometimes the hubs and I spend an entire afternoon at Ikea...just for fun. It is also true that the main reason we come is for lunch and to buy tubes of fish spreads in the marketplace.
I love the food at Ikea. I always have. I have fond memories of schlepping out to the Ikea in Conshy when I was a kid and eating gravadlax and the dessert sampler (no longer available much to my chagrin). Of course those memories also include the strange children I was forced to coexist with in the ballroom...
So anyway, now when we go to Ikea, we almost always get meatballs...but there have been the few odd times that I have indeed veered out of my comfort zone...I can safely say that a cheesesteak (gasp) from Ikea is just as good as one from Jims. Seriously folks, I have lived in the 215 for 24 years (save for the four dreadful ones spent in New England) and know a good cheesesteak when I see it. 
Also, the poached salmon is decent. I have a friend that swears by the shrimp salad on toast, and my mother still always gets the gravadlax. 
Also, saving the best for last: THEY HAVE THE BEST MAC AND CHEESE. It is so delicious and chemically infused and I do love it so. 
xoMy happy place.
Who doesn't like a cheap lunch at Ikea followed by a $1 frozen yogurt? 
Cheap furniture (yes, some stuff falls apart...but you really get what you pay for and Ikea has a big range of quality depending on your budget). The employees are generally helpful. This is such a wonderful store that I like to get lost in.Sold incomplete cabinet with shopping list for discontinued doors. Salesman promised secret phone number to another store but never provided. Had to return items but when I ordered the cabinet online for $49 more, only received hinges. Everything else apparently was discontinued. Can not call stores or check orders online. Have to send an email and ask for update. Are the Swedes so backwards?Damn IKEA! My apartment looks like a reality tv show set.
Hint: Remember to have a plate of meatballs along the way.
Hint: Great for small spaces and for people who can't commit to any furniture for long periods because they move around a lot or have commitment issues.
Beware: some cheap items are just that, cheap! Just return them if you're unhappy. They've never hassled me on a return. Eg: I bought a Gilbert chair, screwed in the screws for the metal legs with my manly man arms (not), and the screws went through the wood seat and poked you when you sat down. Then again, maybe u like to get poked?
Tip: have enough in your checking account before you go and use your debit card - you get a coupon worth 3% of your current purchase for your next purchase. Don't lose it! If you don't plan on coming back, save a small item from your purchase. Make your purchase, get your coupon, then use the coupon for the small item.Damnit, I do like IKEA. Listen, its affordable furniture and housewares that actually look nice. It's not lifetime stuff, so don't plan on moving any of it with you if you move to a new place. A lot of the wood is terrible and will warp when it gets wet. The picture frame sizes are weird, but you can make it work. 
Things I really like buying from ikea: 
1. Blankets and duvet's. I know other who have them, and I just invested in some and am thoroughly impressed. The pillow cases that i got have button closures, or fabric closures. Score.  
2. Dish scrubbers. They have this one that has a suction on the bottom, and comes in fun colors. They are $1.
3. Fun paper plates, napkins, straws.
4. $1 soft serve frozen yogurt
5. kids stuff. Toys, dishes, etc. I even use the littlest stuffed toys as cat toys.
Things I have learned not to buy from IKEA:
1. Pots for plants. They do not have drainage holes.
2. Cardboard storage boxes
3. $7 end table (if you have been here, you know which one I am talking about)We bought a bedroom and paid for IKEA to assemble it-they charge a very expensive fee. They arrived to our home with one of the parts missing and have been telling us that they will return and put it together yet have not done so. My wife had to wait more than an hour on the line with them to only get false promise after another. Very disappointing. We will never bug anything from there. Not worth the savings.It's an IKEA, it is what any IKEA is anywhere in the world. That's either creepy or comforting.
This review is specifically for my experience at returns yesterday. I had ordered shelves from the website, then decided I didn't like them, & that I wanted other shelves instead. I had no paper receipt, just an email on my phone. I was nervous.
Needlessly nervous, apparently. Easy peasy to return, & she made sure to indicate that I live in Philadelphia to be certain that I got ALL of my tax monies refunded to me as well. Walked away with a giftcard, easily found the shelves I wanted instead, paid with said giftcard, & was out the door quickly. That's my kind of shopping experience!Since there are many reviews on Ikea already, I'll just add my favorite parts.
Shopping here for convenience items like over-the-door towel holders, dish drying racks, trivets, knobs, organizers, etc. is brilliant for people that are coming into their own space. It saves a lot of money (particularly when compared to Bed, Bath and Beyond) while not sacrificing style or function at all.
That being said, I would not buy furniture items here, unless your an adept do-it-yourself-er. The directions for the cabinets we installed could have been more helpful, but it was a learning experience and I would most certainly buy from them again.I love IKEA and how can you not?
This IKEA is like most IKEAs except they served cheesesteaks.  Wait, what???  Good cheesesteaks at IKEA and maybe the best in the city?  Yes.  They were portion controlled and tasty.  Then they stopped making them.
Seriously, IKEA bring back your cheesesteaks!
Also, the lines here are awful on weekends and I ended up buying the items I needed at your Conshohocken location the next day.Returns and exchanges need to get it together. I had a 20 lamp that needed an extra screw and they gave me improper directions for 40 minutes. I ended just going to lowes to buy the screw. I will never shop at IKEA again.If you are into saving a few bucks and putting furniture together yourself then you found the perfect place.  All the packages are easy to assemble and I have yet to miss a screw or have a missing board.
The store offers a kid care area which is great.   
The store is designed as a maze which works out good because you don't "miss" anything.  You see how different rooms are set up in case you have a smaller apartment or home.   It also gives you decorating ideas for the smaller items like frames, lamps and vases.
The quality of the furniture has definitely improved over the last 20 years.  I can build a bookcase without worrying about it breaking from the weight of my items.
They have a nice hot food area which is reasonably priced and always crowded for good reason.
If you don't have a big car and you want items delivered the delivery fee varies but is reasonable.
There is also a small food place on the way out with ice cream and hotdogs.
I wish I could give this place a 4 star but my few negative items are :
~ parking -  You have to leave your merchandise by the front door since the carts don't go more then 5 feet past the building.    Which wouldn't be a big deal if you a) had a second person with you and b) didn't have to wait for a space to open during peak periods.
~ cashiers - NEVER NEVER NEVER seem to have enough people at check or at the return desk.  The return desk is so long that they installed the number ticket system.    The regular cashier lines are so long that it helps you practice patience.  Just remember how much fun it will be putting the furniture together and how much patience you are learning.
Will I be back?  Yes   .. I do like the quality of the products and the prices.Professional staff. Merchandise is good quality.  Pieces were delivered and assembled as promised.  Will use them again.I just moved to philadelphia and didnt bring much furniture so the last weeks a have been purchasing almost an entire new home at IKEA, both at the warehouse and online. Most of the products have been working out great, for those who were not perfect or missing in the online delivery, new ones where sent by Fedex right away, their employees at their call center are really helpful and professional. I also had a sofa bought online I though was to hard. I took it to the warehouse and got money back so I could buy another sofa. When something is not working or you are not fully satisfied, the employees try to help you in all ways to fix it something I really appreciate. During the last weeks I have been in contact with at least six employees to get help with my purchases and they have all been very service minded.I like coming to IKEA for the Swedish Meatballs. My wife loves this place. When my two girls were toddlers we'd come here often, they loved all the colorful toys. The furniture is lovely, it looks beautiful - but not a fan of it. I guess Ikea furniture is good for college dorms. But I don't like the idea of using a tiny little S shaped tool to put my furniture together. But that's just me.Tummy full of swedish meatballs makes me smile and burp a little..right now.
People often ask me where I brunch.. HA! I say, IKEA fool! $.99 for some powdered eggs, greasy bacon and fried taters, emm effer! I actually pour ranch dressing all OVER the breakfast to make it taste extra yummy. The husband drowns his in syrup.
 I can honestly say that this breakfast is better than alot of places in town. Especially some nasty shit like IHOP. and if you don't like it..don't eat it. It was only a dolla!
I really like the coffee..so smoooth. 
kisses to Ikea. I like your shitty furniture and your food. Just what I needed.IKEA is IKEA, so this review is mainly About their customer service. I was there a few times at their customer service desk. There were many people waiting and only ONE (then two) employees behind the counter. This means one of two things for me: employees don't take customer care too seriously ( several employees were walking by seeing this huge line and ignored us completely) OR the management is really poor and not attentive. Not happy.The service at this Ikea is the worst.  
Last time we went, all the Ikea family kiosks were down.   We tried one, it was broken, we asked a nearby associate what we should do to get our Ikea family card, and she said to go try a different kiosk.  We tried the next nearest kiosk, it was also not working, so we asked another employee, and they sent us to customer service.  We went to customer service and they told us to go try another kiosk.  "But we already tried a couple, and they're all down".  "Go try one upstairs".
I'll give you one guess as to whether or not the upstairs kiosk was working......
This is just one example of one time we've been to Ikea on Columbus, but it pretty well encompasses our customer service experience each time.Try to avoid the weekend rush but otherwise better layout than Conshy store. Bonus for the cafeteria & 50 cent froyo & hot dogsUp until recently this IKEA has been great. Lately it's been going downhill in terms of customer service and product availability. Yesterday we went to purchase a mattress pad. The customer service rep issued a form for furniture pick-up. We waited in line to pay and then waited again 25 minutes in the Furniture Pick-up area only to be told that it wasn't in stock and that they wouldn't deliver it to the house when it came in. Our only choice was to have the money refunded and come back on any random day only to go through the entire experience again just to figure out if another mattress pad is in stock. WTF IKEA, no one would put themselves through that torture! Please get it together because otherwise we'd love to shop with you.The part in the movie 500 Days of Summer where they are in IKEA is amazing and I think about that whenever I go in the store. I always get lost and/or find the longest way to get to one section of the store. Honestly, I don't mind losing my way in IKEA because it's such a great store and if I had more time this past visit, I would have gotten a meal here. It's a very unique buying process and I appreciate having to look far and wide for items because they are great products.Who doesn't like IKEA? You've got to be a pretty strange individual to not fall in love with their stuff. Ok sure it's not made out of the greatest material and most of the items you buy you shouldn't expect to have in 10 years, but it's so pretty!
Make your way through the model homes. Being someone with absolutely no creative ability, but who certainly appreciates well placed rugs, I fell in love! Walk up to the second story and walk through all the things you never really could afford and certainly don't need, but you buy anyways. For example, my friend came here to buy a potato peeler. Don't ask.
What would be equally as heinous as not liking the store itself is coming here and leaving without eating their food. BAD DOG. It's so tasty! Their Swedish meatballs are aMAzing. You get a dozen of those scrumptious balls rolled around in their gravy. Their desserts are amazing too! Ice cream is a dollar.I love Ikea, I really do...I just hate dealing with the crowds.  I've found that it is best to avoid it during the weekend and go during the weekday.  
Recently, I've been enticed to venture there during the weekend because there have been such great deals available, such as 400 threadcount sheets for 10 bucks and the expedit shelving unit for 50 bucks.  I also picked up a set of dishes, setting for 6, for about 10 bucks which was conveniently placed near the checkout line to entice me.  You need a serious game plan before heading out to Ikea, such as making a shopping list...and sticking to it!  
My tactic  for navigating Ikea is to enter the store at the customer service door...make my way straight to the 'as is' section to see if I can get a deal on something that is on my list.  Then I make my way directly to the areas of the store where I need to purchase my items (look for the shortcuts, they can be your best friend).   Its always best to avoid the upstairs showroom because that will only entice you to buy more stuff you don't really need.   
You need to be strong willed when shopping there, especially near the checkout lines where they line up all these fantastic deals that you cannot resist taking home with you.  Got to give them props, Ikea is a marketing genius!DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME GOING TO THIS STORE!  Two weeks ago went to buy sofa.  Chose a sofa went to get all of the pieces with the clerk, got to last component, was told it wasn't in stock. She went to the manager so that we could order the sofa and have delivered. Was told I could not order until all pieces were available which would be in two days. Went back to store....went through the whole process again, then found out all components again not in stock!!!! (online it stated the pieces were all in stock at this store 19148). Decided to order another sofa online and have delivered.  It was delivered today and it included the wrong screws. Went in person to 19148 store they gave me new screws, got home and they are wrong AGAIN!  I have been on hold for 40 minutes with the store...DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT, go to IKEA!  I will be disputing the charge on my credit card and I will NEVER shop there again.  BTW I am still on hold......talk about BAD customer service, this is appalling.Meh. It's an average ikea. Displays and sells ikea stuff. But Smaland is a pain. This is only 3rd time we've tried to use it, and the other two times were in the Winter and store was understandably mobbed. There were waits but we got in.  Today, store is not so crazy. But, they are only allowing 6 children at a time into Smaland. We were initially told 25 minutes, but it is first-come-first-serve, so when we came back 20 minutes later, they said 45 minutes. Why they can't do a buzzer or overhead system, or just hire more damn staff so that all kids who want to can just play already! What a pain and a letdown for my kid who really wanted to play in the ball pit. Well, I'm getting my free cup of Ikea Family member coffee and not buying a thing from them today!I always have fun here. I always regret moving any furniture I bought here though. The neat business model allows me to feel responsible for putting together the particle board together improperly. If you want actual wood you have to pay up, & still risk putting it together poorly or loosely.  
More importantly, they have removed the ball pit. Now there are wisks there. You can build an 18 piece wisk set instead of playing in a ball pit.I like ikea but not this location only because of the service. Great products but good luck checking out with warm customer service. When I got home I was missing an item that I purchased and waited on the phone for 25 minutes to talk to someone.I used to drink the kool-aid too.  Ikea used to be God's gift to man.
The other day I found myself unplugged from the Matrix.
I went there with my roommate to pick up a few items.  A shelf she wanted was "located" in a bin that didn't exist.  After waiting in a long line, they finally provided her with a slip that would allow for her to pay for it up front and then pick it up at the place near the exit.
Well, we had to wait in a line where there was a real register operator because of her purchase order.  There was only one line.  The person in front of us also had a purchase order, but the machine that processes it was broken.  We waited about 15 minutes just to get up to being checked out.  Then, as you could imagine, my roommate encountered a similar problem -- add another 10 minutes onto my time in line.  
(While all of this was going on, a second line was finally opened.  But, they took everyone from the BACK of our line and they could only pay with credit cards -- no cash.  Good job Ikea.)
Now it came my turn.  I had a very large shelf for myself in my cart and when I went to present it to the cashier, it was discovered that there was no bar code.  I worked in retail for over five years, and whenever that happened at one of my jobs, it was my responsibility to get on the phone and have another employee come and get a new one for the customer or just look it up.  Instead, the cashier informed me that I should go get another one myself!
It gets worse....
Then, she reminded me that I had to GET BACK IN LINE.  That's right, the same line that I just wasted over 25 minutes of my life in.  I asked to speak to a manager at this point.  Instead of calling one over, she pointed to a desk where I could find one myself.
Guess what?
That desk had another huge line at it.
So, I nixed the manager and decided to just get the heck out of this hell hole.
I retrieved a shelf with a bar code and dutifully waited in line again.  FINALLY, I was able to check out and I joined my roommate in the waiting area.
She was STILL waiting for her number to be called even though there was only ONE other customer that was being waited on.
At this point, I went up to a desk and got very firm with them, insisting upon speaking to a manager.  Can you imagine, they actually LAUGHED AT ME when I explained the problem?!?!?!  
I finally managed to get a manager and he very slowly corrected the problem and got my roommate her shelf.
I understand that Ikea is low priced and low priced for a reason.  But, come on people.  This is a little too much.  I'd rather pay 10 more dollars at target in order to avoid another headache like this.
It took us over 45 minutes to exit Ikea after we began our stay in line.  That is NEVER acceptable for a retail outlet.
Stop drinking the kool-aid people!Sometimes you have to give a one-star review just to get someone's attention to get a bad company policy reviewed and changed.
I purchased close to 2k of products over the past month to furnish my new place.  On my last trip, I purchased a fintorp paper towel holder. It did not come with all the pieces! Literally just the base was inside. 
I called customer service because it's ridiculous to go back to the store for one $10 piece that THEY messed up.  After a ridiculous wait, I asked them to send me a replacement.
Ikea doesn't DO that they said.  The online dept. only deals with ONLINE purchases.  I know they send things through the mail all the time. What kind of awful company policy is this?  I would have to be on wait for another hour just to speak with her supervisor.
Here's the kicker. She put me on a long hold to call the store to check if they could send it to me.  Then she told me that they could send it to me if I paid shipping- fine how much does it cost? "well sir, we don't take payment information on the phone- you'd have to go into the store so that they can mail it to you."  WOW.  What a horrible customer service experience.Ikea will teach you life lessons.  You'll learn that
-Nice things don't have to be expensive
-You get what you pay for... so when it breaks in a year you know why
-Wooden planks are annoying and necessary
-Most people were never meant for carpentry
-Those guys on craigslist who will build it for you = geniuses
-Like Jenga, one missing piece can bring down the whole stackOhhh IKEA..... I believe IKEA provides the best affordable furniture option for college/graduate students. 
The good: Basically an eye candy store because most things look beautiful in the rooms IKEA designed. I appreciated the very clear labeling of sections and how they made a scene for the kitchen, living room, bedroom, etc. It made it easier for me to see how I would incorporate the furniture or items into my own apartment. Also, the quality of items does vary but most of the times if you pay big bucks for something it will have great quality. The joy of shopping comes from finding the inexpensive items that still have awesome quality. For example, I recommend the bath mats/rugs (BADAREN); they hold up very well and feel great on your feet out of the shower! 
The bad: They force you to walk through the entire store almost (there are ways to take a shortcut) before you can pay for your items. You almost always have to assembly your furniture yourself. Obviously, you could pay for someone to do it, but if you aren't great at assembly you can end up with a product that doesn't seem to be as good as the furniture on the floor. Lastly, they don't have any free bags for small items your have to purchase them...I seem to have strokes of luck where others... wellllll, not so much. ; ) I fell in love with IKEA long ago & I haven't really turned back since then! I am a fan of clean lines, solids, & items with bold contrast so IKEA is a visual playground for me! Even after my boyfriend & I moved in together & started shopping around for a new couch & a new bed (as the previous one I bought broke. I'll admit it I got that one... at Wal*Mart. The night it broke was a truly comical night!... We laughed soooooo hard when we heard it begin to crack! I was never so happy to break a major piece of furniture! Maybe I'll elaborate over a sniffer with some warmed Grand Marnier one day.) ; )~ 
Hey, I was living alone then & I didn't need a super strong bed, don't judge me, judge the businesses! ; ) At "grown up stores" like Raymour & Flanigan, Sears, Jennifer Convertibles, etc. we were just turned off & kept finding ourselves looking at IKEA! If I saw one more small paisley print at the "grown up places" I think I was going to vomity vom, but hey neither Ray nor Flan would notice because the "debris" would match the God awful colors that the pattern consisted of so we'd make out alright. 
"Did you want your sofa in Doo-Doo Brown, Lack of Trying Anything Remotely Risky in Life Smiling to Keep From Crying Beige, or Moldy Leftovers Green?" - Raymour & Flanigan guy, Mr. Plain Safe McLackofSwag. 
If you're expecting a smooth segway to chatting about their hot dogs, you won't find one here... it's 2:20 am & I just finished an eight hour shift at 11 pm... Next time. Moving right along... ; ) 
Now I was never really a fan of hot dogs growing up (& now I'll hesitate after reading Mr. Chris V's story under the thread about traumatic food stories from your youth), but I don't know what kind of cocaine-esque addictive coating they put on those freaking things... it's insane! (No I've never touched cocaine or any other drug despite the random nature of my reviews.) I feel like singing Pusherman!... Cue my music!... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxq2pCaW7Sk 
Ah, life is good. Inexpensive furniture, dope designs, practical & useful kitchen utensils like the stainless steel strainer shaped like a crescent moon that you place on the side of you pot to strain your noodles... I loooove it! Pasta dishes are a breeze now, more than ever! 
I used to work at Bombay Furniture Company for-eeeeever ago in Jersey & I do miss it as I got some great pieces there. I miss it now more as I didn't have my own place at the time so there was no space to invest in larger pieces. In the end our gorgeous & funky bi-level apartment two minutes from Kelly Drive & The Phila. Museum of Art is primarily furnished by the following places: 
*IKEA 
*Pier 1 Imports (Candles, room sprays, faux floral arrangements) 
*Home Goods (Framed prints, kitchen items, decorative storage chests, hat boxes, decorative pillows, & eclectic art pieces) 
*Target (Pronounced 'Tar-zhay') ; ) (Funky TV stand, pillows, micro fiber blankets, serving tray, side table w/ matching mahogany folding chairs) 
*Bombay Furniture Co. (Awesome jewelry box & dark purple vase) 
*IKEA 
*& pieces my Mom gave us! ; ) 
BREAKDOWN: 
Sheers in windows - IKEA 
Chaise lounge used as couch in living room - IKEA 
Ivy Plant - IKEA 
Wrought Iron Plant Hanging thingies - IKEA ; ) 
Cherry Red Runner (Carpet) in kitchen - IKEA 
Brand new Queen Malm Bed that I bought, $212.00 at IKEA & I looooooooooooove it! It only took us 25 minutes to build it, no B.S.! (Sorry, I'll admit I laughed when people said their stuff was hard to build, but I guess if you have to install the sliding tracks on the dresser that could make things arduous indeed.) 
You'll continue to see me at IKEA as long as they don't convert to the gaudy, Guido stylings of Raymour & Flanigan. (Sorry, I had to!) ; ) 
Ray & Flan "design" team member, "... No make it more bulky, add ANOTHER layer of fringe, etch the text of the Rosetta Stone on a wood panel at the top of the sofa, make it recline, make a holder for the meds that they'll have to undoubtedly take in order to "be okay" with this design, & then we'll do some gold leafing. Next up we'll make a more fancy version of the same piece." 
IKEA I PRAISE YOU FOR UTILIZING THE K.I.S.S. TECHNIQUE IN YOUR PIECES, THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!! (K.I.S.S. = Keep It Simple Stupid) ; )I heart IKEA! I will mecca down here from Allentown about once every 3 months or so - especially if I see an advertised sale. Word to the wise - do not buy the beds - your sheets won't fit. Otherwise they offer style at a steel, and you can get a sweet pad for cheap. If you have a few more bucks to spend, you sure can spend them here as well as they offer a full price range of items. Be sure to check out the basement where they have smaller housewares and some fabulous finds. I wouldn't go on Saturday, but early Sunday this past weekend was fine.Ikea is one of my guilty pleasures. 
Of course I don't like the furniture, and of course I don't like the food, but it reminds me of being young, and without means.  I like taking Lady Mary there for a stroll, so we can reminisce about love's keen sting. Fortunately for Lady Mary, I have excellent taste; but if I could only afford Ikea, she would love me anyway.  I have therefore, made an irreparable connection between Ikea and love's innocence. So...although I have no desire to assemble my furniture with an allen wrench, or fit all my furniture in a closet, I do like Ikea.Total lovehate relationship, Ikea and I have.  I am heistant to buy furniture from this store based on the reviews of fellow yelpers, but I went trying to solve a closet space issue I am dealing with in a new home I'm about to move into.  
I'm still at square one.  Couldn't find anyone to help me.  I roamed the display floor looking for a few items Ikea posted on Pinterest.  
Home decor items are decent, though, including lamps, mirrors and wall-hangings.If you ever wanna do something really nuts get stoned and go to ikea is all I'm sayingHuge! Selection was great, friendly staff.  I'm giving this place five stars because I like mazes!!   Bring your family and go play hide and seek here!! Even if you don't buy anything, it'll be a blast!!  They'll never find you- and it will give you time alone to make a peaceful phone call or catch up on emails !So much going on here. Beautifully designed furniture. Decent instructions. Keep in mind that you CANNOT finance at IKEA in the USA. boo hoo.Not bad...
Who can say anything bad about Ikea? This particular location is humongous and a little tiring to navigate through, but awesome because there's so much stock. I always recommend perusing online before heading to an Ikea because otherwise, it's overwhelming.
Get the meatballs. They're so terrible but awesome. Lingonberry sauce!!!This Ikea is okay.  They have a pretty good selection and the store is always clean and welcoming, but finding employees to help can be hard sometimes.  They need more cashiers and I hate their carts but I love to shop here and so do my kids.
I love Ikea Family so all the discounts they offer.  I do hate that you have to walk through the whole store to get out so "running in quickly" isn't really an option.Every once in a blue moon we get the hankering to walk around Ikea and look at stuff we don't really need. I have been going to Ikea for a long time now and remembered the buzz when the first US store opened in King of Prussia. I am glad I don't have to hike it up there and the South Philly store is pretty convenient and close.
Ikea is a good time and I actually dig their food, guilty pleasure admitted. We were not too hungry as we just came from Kanella, so we just had some dessert and coffee in the cafeteria. As full as I was, I almost went for the meatballs and Loganberry sauce. I had this raspberry mascarpone cake treat that was pretty darn good. The Swedish apple pie was decent and the coffee was not great but not terrible either. Prices are reasonable in the cafeteria.
Ikea has lost some of its shine as Home Depot and Lowes offer some similar products in the same price range. I do think Ikea does a great job with their displays and room set-ups. I have always liked Ikea's concept and over the years I have become pretty efficient at assembling my families and friends furniture. My woodworking, Lego and origami skills have found a good fit. 
This store does seem to always have long lines at checkouts.  They could use a little help with that aspect. Also returns are usually a nightmare with a long wait. They need to do a better job with both of these aspects at this location.
Just under 4 stars.This place is the same as all Ikea's. The problem is that they do NOT have enough employees working at the checkout counter so I spent more time in line then I did wondering through the store maze. Customer care should be a priority for big business. Clearly Ikea wants to resemble the low level Walmart type service. Lost a lifetime customer!I found it completely frustrating that Ikea demands that you enter their store to speak with someone about scheduling a kitchen measurement and design.
I don't understand why this has to be done in person. I've seen the cabinets, I want the cabinets, why does this have to be a production?
I live far outside Philadelphia. So in order for me to SCHEDULE a measurement and design session, I have to travel 3 hours to the location???I bought a Myrbacka queen mattress on July 4th and it was delivered yesterday in a dirty plastic casing. When I took the plastic off, the mattress was dirty on all sides and the top of the mattress. I have photos.This review is for Ikea's cafe rather than the store. Is it me, or do the offerings just scream "kids' food"? 
In fact, with the trays and the mediocre selections, this place reminds me of a high school cafeteria. I'm a vegetarian and the only thing I could see fit to eat was mac and cheese, and my friend got the same, plus chicken fingers, fries and chocolate cake. Exactly what a little kid would like. 
The two ice cream scoops of mac and cheese were mushy and the cheese was weirdly fluffy, which made me suspicious of the ingredients. The ligonberry juice was pretty good, but it wasn't cold enough. But what do you expect? It's an Ikea cafeteria. When we left I was still hungry.
I'm giving it three stars because I love Ikea the store and there's no seperate listing for the cafeteria, but I wouldn't bother eating here again.I have shopped at many Ikea's. The South Philly Ikea is the worst ikea i have ever been too. I have a Trysil full size bed, I am missing two bolts to connect the wooden side parts to the bed-frame. When I asked if they had the extra pieces. they said NO! I would have to order them online to be delivered to my house. Or buy a new bed-frame and take the two bolts out. A girl needs to sleep but I am not spending 119 for a new bedframe just for two bolts. that is ridiculous. Ikea check yourself! all you care about is  making money.I would call ahead prior to any "clock and collect" order. My order was supposed to be ready at 5:00pm, I showed up at 6:30pm and they couldn't find my order, etc, etc, and didn't receive my order until around 7pm. If you're going to charge me a $5.00 "picking fee" please make sure it's on time. I'm thoroughly displeased.Staff is super helpful, thanks to the guys in the customer service in helping me assemble that pesky drawer! About the rest is Ikea what else do you expect in regards to the quality and how pack could be! Well at least this place does not get as pack as the one in Elizabeth, NJ.The customer service is horrendous. It's beyond a joke. The delivery services are careless and indifferent of your trust. We had bought a perfectly acceptable As-is shoe cab and wanted it delivered to us since we don't live in Philly. Unfortunately when it arrived, it was in shambles. The delivery men laid it on the side so I couldn't see how damaged it was. After putting it upright, all the compartments were about to fall off. Screws were missing and the wood was stripped so all the compartments were supported by the bottom ones. I called the customer service to see how we can fix this and they were indifferent of the problem. I understand that it was an As-Is item so no returns but it worked perfectly and barely scratched when we bought it. It is as if we let you baby-sit our child and you return him/her back to us with missing teeth! Who is to blame? This is the last time I will purchase anything from them. The policies are ridiculous and outdated.They sell the ultimate, best, most useful toilet accessory in the world - look for the PP Shots, it's a photo holder that mounts inside your toilet allowing you to urinate on the picture of your choice. Maybe you can put a world leader on it! Maybe you can print out a Google Images search result for a car you don't like. Or maybe you can flatten some flowers and grass, allowing you to have a more natural experience in your porcelain sanctuary. The world is yours to piss on.Like most people in their 20's or 30's I became intimately familiar with Ikea when I moved into a house and realized that everything I owned didn't even reasonably furnish one room.  
I had been to an Ikea before but mostly to pick up a few odds and ends and grab something from the snack bar.  The set up is similar to every other Ikea in the world...look at the merchandise assembled and decorated upstairs, then hurt your pack loading it on your cart downstairs.  Eventually you will make your way to your car and where you will finally appreciate those hours you spent during your youth playing tetris.  I would suggest blaring the Tetris theme song from your car stereo to motivate yourself and others around you. 
As for the store itself, the South Philly location is a disaster on the weekends, super crowded and as a result impossible to find anyone to ask for help.  If you show up on the weekend expect to be handling everything yourself.  Weekdays are much calmer and while its still not easy to track down someone to talk to in the showrooms its not as bad as the weekend.  
As a result of being at Ikea 20 times to pick up everything for my house, I also had to make several returns.  Mostly because I realized something didnt fit where I expected, I purchased the wrong thing, etc.  While the line for returns can be really long on the weekend, the customer service workers have always been helpful and speedy.  
I haven't once had the experience of missing parts or pieces that people talk about with Ikea merchandise.  I also have not had any problem with the overall quality.  I think most people who proclaim Ikea as 'junk' are either unfamiliar with Ikea furniture or are just bitter about having to assemble the stuff themselves.  The fact of the matter is this stuff will last a long time if you don't mistreat it.White people LOVE IKEA.  I guess since I'm not really white, I'm only kinda like it.  
I can tell you one thing.  Walking around the showrooms makes me WANT TO STAB EVERYONE REPEATEDLY.  
I'm just trying to get the hell out and the signs sending me all over the place and looping me over myself are just not helping me do it.
I wound up not getting everything i set out to get because I felt as if I couldn't move freely.
I do have hang ups though.I love IKEA.  I'm starting with that because I love the layout of the store, how the displays are on the top and then you go to the warehouse to pick up your items.  There is something about seeing full rooms that makes picking things out a lot easier.  Plus, I love the price and it just feels refreshing in there.
On a slightly less positive note, this store has given me a few headaches as of late.  There have been instances where two items I go to the store for are not in stock and neither of them have any signage about when to expect them to be back.  
Secondly, the store must be understaffed on Friday evenings, because I had to wait for about 10 minutes before finding a yellow-shirted man to help me load a huge box on my cart, then when trying to get this same huge box into my car, there was no one to be found.  Wouldn't it be a good idea to have staff to help customers get these items loaded?  Perhaps I should have gone back into the store to find someone, but I would think they would just have people posted out there (hint hint).  
When you go, bring a buddy- I'm probably the only birdbrain that missed that memo- and have a list of the things you are going for, or else you will end up with a huge bill at the end.  It's cheap, but even cheap adds up!We were going to Ikea couple times a year. Sometimes to look for things, sometimes just to eat. The food is not bad with a good price. They have free wifi tooIkea is a great place. I don't really need to say more other than if you aren't here for the furniture, get the meatballsIt's stylishly mod in a mass-produced, bland sort of way, promising all sorts of pleasing rooms for cheap prices. Of course, you do get what you pay for. I've always gone to IKEA because it is cheap, and the major components of my room have had mixed reviews. The wrought-iron bed is fine; it even moved from one apartment to the other easily. No problem with my desk, either, the cheapest of the cheapy tables (seriously, it's a table with mixed and matched attachable legs). But I was suckered in by the prettiness of the Hemnes dresser and have regretted it ever since. 
Since the day we put it together, the bottoms of the drawers have fallen out of their slots, making them difficult to open. We've tried to shore up the sides, shore up the bottoms, all to no avail. No sooner had my dad attached brackets to the corners in an attempt to hold them together but the bottom had fallen out again. And even though we tried to move it carefully, the frame has practically come entirely loose and fallen apart after putting it into my new room. Very frustrating, and a good reminder that at IKEA, although they have some really great pieces (the Expedit bookshelf comes to mind) even the more expensive things aren't always the most well-made.
I do, however, really enjoy walking around in there, especially because they have nice, cheap options for home organization (something that makes me really happy--the Kassett magazine organizers are cheap but look very nice on shelves) and substitute kitchenware (I'm not kidding myself that their $20 6-piece porcelain set isn't going to end up chipped to hell, but it's a great placeholder until I can afford nicer ones). It's always colorful and set up nicely. The lines are usually incredibly long, but my boyfriend and I went on a Saturday recently and were out in under 10 minutes, despite the huge lines curving back towards the door.
IKEA is a mixed bag, and while I'm looking forward to the day that I'm not on a student budget and can enjoy real furniture, until then, I'll just have to put up with them.Ikea is what it is, a factory warehouse full of a bunch of cheap and inexpensive products.  I get overwhelmed every time I walk in there, so I'm not sure why I do.  I want to find good things when I stop in, but I always end up leaving especially when I see their lines to the back of the store.  Sure, if you want to buy some inexpensive furniture made out of particleboard and other fake wood materials, this is the place to go.  Just don't expect it to last a long time.I like the selections at IKEA and I really like the coupons that are provided for being an IKEA family member. Their food in the cafeteria is really good too lol. I hope they're store expands to the Delaware area sooner or later.Nice job, Ikea.  I dread visiting you because you're usually filthy, your customers are rude and never get the funk out of the way, and your service is even worse.  But I have learned my lesson: just go on a weeknight.  
The store didn't look like a bomb had gone off, your bathrooms were clean, your fat free frozen yogurt was only $1 and was TASTY, you actually had the chair in stock that your website said you had in stock AND an employee was kind enough to assist us.  Also, the person who checked us out was very pleasant AND awarded us a 15% gift card based on our purchases speedily (that bad boy was $45!  I thought it would be one of those - "go to our website, do this survey, enter to win" bullshit that so many companies are doing these days, but nope - we checked out, a dude was there and took less than two minutes to process and hand us our gift card!).
THANKS IKEA!  VERY NICE!I love IKEA; putting my own cheap furniture is like grown-up LEGOs. (Or K'Nex, which I wasn't cool enough to own.) You never buy anything from IKEA expecting it to last forever, or to even re-sell it for a halfway decent price, but you keep going back, even if it's just for some ideas. 
Boyfriend and I needed a splatter guard and found one for $15 at another store. "Screw that," I said, "we're going to IKEA." $4.99. Done! (Of course we didn't JUST get a splatter guard; we always end up with way more crap than we intended to buy.)
I happen to like the maze-y layout of the store; maps are provided throughout the store for those trying to get their shopping done quickly. 
The line is the one drawback; it seems like there is always a ridiculous line, whether you're getting checked out by an employee or going through self-checkout.I have bought most of my furniture here because it is cheap!
Got a bed, mattress, desk, and coat hangers. I always come here for the breakfast because that is awesome. Also if you are buying furniture they give you money for food based off of how much you spend but you need to spend more than $100.
That is really easy to do if you are trying to buy furniture.If you're looking for cheap/quick furniture, this is the place to go.  "On a rare occasion," they sell stuff that does last (ie, the computer desk I'm typing on this very second).  However, you're not going to buy furniture that you'll hand down to your kids and grandkids.  We just pieced together an entertainment center from IKEA a few months ago and it's already falling apart but... you get what you pay for.  If you have a few extra bucks and want something that'll last a hell of a lot longer, check out Crate and Barrell over at the Cherry Hill mall - really nice stuff.
In regards to the shopping experience, it's fun.  You walk through a ton of displays and see new products and by the time you get to the shopping area, you NEED everything.  What can I say, they know how to market.  I mean, of course I needed that cup-cake baking tray, it was only $2!  and I still haven't used it!
However, try speaking to one of the morons down there (sorry if I'm offending anyone that isn't a moron).  I swear to god, everyone there tries to be an asshole and granted, customer service is a hard job, but don't do it if you're gonna be pissy the whole time.  Try returning something - that's where the headache came in.  We lost the receipt to a few extra odd-end things we bought (curtain rods, rod ends, etc.).  So, when I went to the Returns & Exchanges section, I thanked the lord I didn't have a gun.  I told the guy we had no receipt but as you could see, everything is still in the box but we'd be happy with a store credit.  He said, "I'm sorry sir, you need a receipt or a copy of your bank statement."  Well, I paid in cash so that wasn't going to work.  I told him that I couldn't get either so his well thought-out and educated response was, "I'm sorry sir, you need a receipt or a copy of your bank statement."  I swear to god, my biggest pet peeve is the dumb-idiotic robot syndrome.  Conclusion:  went home and doctored up a fake bank statement with Microsoft Paint and Word, went back and showed it to him and he said, "Thank you sir, that's exactly what we needed."
Again, you get what you pay for.IKEA!
Explained to you in a witty, clever matter by Burt and Ernie, the gay couple, on Sesame Street...
Ernie: I is for... I wish these things were easy to assemble.
Burt: Geesus! Tell me about it? I don't even know if I built a bed or a toaster oven for Christ's sake!
*Ernie and Burt laugh like girlscouts and finally settle down as they smile at one another*
Burt: K is for... Krafted by Swed designers who find the most useless objects, to create crap, that looks pretty to look at, but will break the moment you breathe on it.
Ernie: I'll breathe on you.
Burt: Ernie! Settle down... there are children watching here.
Ernie: So what?
Burt: Read the next card you silly man you!
*Burt tickles Ernie for a few long awkward-for-the-audience minutes and finally...*
Ernie: E is for... EGAWD! Does that thing look phallic to you? Because it surely shouldn't be a dining room centerpiece...
Ernie: Unless it's Hell's Kitchen, NYC!
*both chuckle and snort as Ernie licks Burts ear*
Burt: Ernie! Not while the camera is rolling... geesus!
Both: A is for... A twenty-five dollar gift card to Ikea for all my enemies this holiday season. Hahaha.
Ernie: Are we done yet? Cause I wanna go in the bathtub now.
Burt: Right after I feed the pigeons darling. 
Ernie: I'll find my rubber ducky!
*Scene cut from this point on due to PBS funding and from viewer's like you... thank you!*
Note: Thank you Bill for pointing out that I had forgotten 'A' for the end of IKEA not IKEI. Wow. How dopey of me right?We first word that comes to mind when I think about Ikea is clusterf$#k. Every time I'm here I feel like a lost child whose mother needs to be paged on the intercom, as I inevitably venture off the prescribed path and get terribly lost. 
Another gripe-they seriously need to get more cashiers. I spent 45 agonizing minutes in line whilst buying my sister furniture for her new apartment.  Then, when it was finally our turn, we find out that the piece we plucked from the self-serve warehouse was a three piece set, of which we only retrieved one piece.  Back in line we go.
I guess Ikea is cool if you like Swedish meatballs (I don't) or are good with a screwdriver (I'm not). I'd recommend them for odds and ends like cheap colanders or wall art, but as far as furniture goes, it's not my first choice,I'm not a fan of the "walk through our entire store" because I generally know exactly what I want. Also, staff literally didn't interact with me until I rushed after a guy to ask if they had my dresser in stock. The stuff is cheaper than most stores and I assume all in Swedish, except for the directions, which are just photos. Most people spend hours In the store. I don't think this store is extraordinary for any ikea or rather bad. It's just Eh.Poor customer service... cashier charged me twice for an item... I unfortunately realized after I had already paid. She told me to go to customer service. I waited in line for 30 minutes, only for customer service to tell me to go back to the register for a refund. When I went back to the register, a different cashier was there. He was apologetic, and mentioned they could have done the refund at customer service. Get it together Philly IKEA!this is the worse ikea ever! i was excited when they opened so close to the city, but it got pretty ghetto really fast. i try to avoid! i love ikea, just not this one...Ikea is the go to place for inexpensive, modern and simple furniture. They've got everything you could possibly need to fill you house. Everything from sinks to silverware, couches to candles, bed frames to picture frame, and then some. 
Ikea even has a scratch and dent section, which could yield the perfect piece of furniture for a serious DIY project. 
The majority of Ikea's furniture is displayed on the upper level, then broken down into various boxes on the first level in a warehouse like setting. Keep in mind, you're going to have to assemble the furniture yourself.
The Ikea cafeteria is a hit or miss. Either the food is delicious & leaves you lusting for more, or is just below mediocre & leaving you wishing you just kept walking. That being said, the ice cream is always on point- smooth and creamy for just $1.It would've been nice for someone to have given me the head's up on here.
So, here's the head's up: Most of the first floor shopping area is currently under construction or something. The stuff I came here looking for was not to be found. They have a limited amount of merchandise usually to be found there out for sale.
Not sure how long this construction'll take. Better call first to inquire.
It would've saved me the trip had I known.Ikea is awesome. They sell 50 cent hotdogs and $1 frozen yogurt - how awesome is that? This is just some of the rad snacks they offer in the mini cafeteria in the lobby. Upstairs, ikea offers real dining food and the most expensive dish is probably around $8, that's how cool ikea is. I also enjoy the house showrooms that they showcase; it's very hands-on and great before you actually purchase their products!To make this quick. Ordered a patio set 17 july delivery was no call no show on 24th, over 2hrs on hold to get a rep, said they would reimburse delivery fee and reschedule 27. New delivery day part of the order was missing, another 1hr and 45min hold wait and a rep to tell me they would contact me about delivering the rest of the order. Now its aug 1st, no refund has been recieced, no clear expectation on delivery, and 1hr 26min on hold with no answer. DO NOT BUY FROM IKEA...you've been warnedLarge IKEA. Pretty  much what you'd expect out of an IKEA. Furniture that you can use for an entire stay in one location, look stylish while you do it and then toss when it's time to move. Very good cinnamon buns - you can get 6 for $4 and then microwave them back to gooey warmth at home.I am not a heroin addict. But thanks to IKEA, I have this mean looking scar down my left arm that looks like a once infected needle track mark. I was moving an IKEA dresser and it fell apart, and took a good chunk of the inside of my elbow with it on the way to the floor. After stopping the bleeding using some non-FDA approved Chinatown medicine, the dresser was nailed back together. 
The store itself is really fun to walk through but you either come away with a good deal, or you come away with a bunch of Swedish crap that you just don't need (e.g. a garlic clove peeler, really?). The food is really cheap. Fifty cents for a hot dog? That puts even McDonald's to shame, which just makes me wonder what exactly is in IKEA's food to where they can sell it so ridiculously cheap?
The actual items: you get what you pay for (i.e. it's cheap so you can't be upset when the pressed particle board crumbles because you looked at it too hard) and it looks chic (when it's not trying to kill you). The appliances and furniture are super flimsy but damn if they don't look sexy. It ultimately gives the illusion of style without breaking your wallet; assuming you have some sense of control when you're in the store and don't just start buying every useless trinket you come across. I'm still sort of a fan. Plus scars are hot on a guy right?DO NOT order countertops or kitchens through IKEA While I've had decent experience with furniture purchases in the past, our experience ordering countertops was awful. 
1. The salesperson lies to us about additional charges we asked specifically about that were added later.
2. The company they contracted to (Intelco) was just as bad - the guy that came to take the template up-charged us, refused to speak to me (a woman) and insisted on speaking to me through my contractor (a man) though we were all in the same room, and then didn't even do his job right and had to come back.
3. When we tried to contact IKEA to dispute the up charge, I spent six hours total either on the phone, on hold, trying to find numbers that worked, and eventually going to the store to demand answers.
The whole experience was disgusting. Don't bother.Oh wait, I can't give this place 20 stars?  I would move into IKEA.  What else could you ask for? There's food! There's daycare! There's adorably designed little show rooms!  There's things for your kitchen! And everything is dollar and named Sveltka!
I've had guys flat out refuse to come here with me because it's going to be at least a 3 hour trip.Ever wonder what happened to all of that yellow, abrasive, smelly, un-soft foam you only used to see at your grandparents' house? Wonder no more--it's the primary cushioning material in most of IKEA's absurdly-overpriced furniture. 
If you're reading this and desperately in need of cheap furniture to sit on, don't get it from IKEA. There are lots of places in and around Philly where you can get a chair, sofa, loveseat, or mattress that is affordable, comfortable, and of good quality. IKEA is not one of these places. Or, hell, go to one of the hardware stores near IKEA and buy some real wood (not particle board) and build your own furniture--it'll cost less and you'll only have yourself to blame if it falls apart.We like to go here to eat....oh and shop too! Lol Where else can a family of 5 eat a pretty darn good meal for only $23.50. I love their ribs and my wife loves their Swedish meatballs. This kids dig the mac&cheese! All and all a really good bargain!My rating does not reflect my experience in the store, instead the rating is about how safe I felt visiting the store. I'm sure many visit without incident, but it's a risk. Please read on....
The IKEA store is great, however in my opinion, your vehicle is not safe in the parking lot. My vehicle was broken into in the parking, vehicle damaged, and items stolen from the vehicle.  I'm sharing this concern with others since the very same day, multiple vehicles were vandalized in the IKEA parking lot in broad daylight. I learned vehicles are vandalized in the IKEA parking lot too often to consider this location safe.  
I suggested hiring a third party security company to drive around and monitor the IKEA parking lot to improve safety for customers. It's a small price for a retailer to pay to improve parking lot safety for customers, especially in areas with this type of negative activity.
I will not go back to this particular IKEA store until such changes are implemented, due to the high risk my vehicles will be vandalized in the parking lot.
Best of luck if you park your vehicle in the lot to shop at this store.  It was an expensive visit if you factor the lost items and cost of repairs.First time doing business here, opted for delivery & assembly and made purchase yesterday.  Pre-scheduled delivery for the 2-6pm slot today.  Received 3 calls and 1 text in the morning - 3 of the contacts to move my scheduled delivery time up.  I had out of town business in the morning and did not appreciate the interruption.  There was a reason I requested the afternoon!  I returned the delivery guy call once I was back home in Philly, we agreed on delivery at 1pm.  The guy doesn't show until 2:20pm and only has 3 of the 5 pieces I paid for.  He's carrying 2 big pieces by himself and not exactly smoothly. This wood dents easily.  He cannot mount a piece without the other 2 pieces so I'm left with an extra piece of furniture taking up space in my livingroom.  Cannot get in contact w anyone at Ikea.  I have to move things back into my hallway & then move them out of the way AGAIN whenever Ikea schedules for the rest of my furniture to be sent & FINALLY get everything assembled.  I hope these are all of the inconveniences - DO NOT want to have to change my work schedule over this as well.  So far this has been hands down the WORST customer service EVER!  I hope that Ikea corrects this nightmare.  Think twice about their delivery option!!!What other furniture store would I go, just to walk around with no intention of buying anything? Ikea is amazing. I like to walk around and pretend to house shop for my imaginary home. It is kind of like the H&M for furniture stores, you can find something cute and trendy at the right price for any budget. Plus they serve food, though I have not yet been adventurous enough to try it yet.To bitch directly at Ikea and avoid the 800 number: Call Direct Line 215-551-4532. I hit 1111 then 0 to get to a human receptionist. Also try extensions 1452 or 1930 to get a live person. I'm pretty pissed off at Ikea right now. Hopefully this will help you avoid getting any more pissed off by trying to call the 888 number on the website.It's an Ikea. 
Nothing special. 
The staff seems fairly unenthused but are pretty responsive once you can find somebody to assist you.
I don't like the way they seem to change the set up of the already difficult to navigate store .
Whatever. If you need inexpensive furniture that you have to put together on your own this is the mainstay for something like that. 
On the plus side, the food is tasty if you choose to eat there. That $1.00 fro-yo is delicious. I've gone there specifically for the yogurt. 
Not sure exactly what that says about me though. :)Okay, this is a guilty food pleasure, but I recommend Ikea for a cheap, quick fix with actual good flavors for any family. Avoid the even worse trappings of a fast-food restaurant and the stress of child behavioral modifactions in a regular restaurant by heading up to the 2nd floor and getting swedish meatballs, a soup or salad, a nice drink and a dessert. Don't just get a kids meal b/c the kids love the swedish meatballs! The kids meal isn't as good, unless your child is super picky. Last, watch your kids swell with pride as they carry their own trays to their own child-friendly seating area. And relax as they are fully occupied and getting fully fed! Easy parking, too!I used to love this place :( customer service and attitude has went down the shitter. So ghetto nowOh, Ikea, you sly fox. Always presenting me with things I never knew I needed!! And leading an entire area of mostly Italian South Philadelphians to attempt to - and effectively butcher - the beautiful Swedish language with your hilariously, seemingly phonetically named products!
When this Ikea opened within 5 minutes of my house, it was like something overtook the entire neighborhood. When there's absolutely nothing to do, there's Ikea! Do you want a side of food with your decor shopping? That's there too! Even with my horrifically bad stomach, I recommend the mac & cheese, which had me almost licking the real stoneware plate!
From when I was a reckless wee tot until now, a severely clumsy 22-year-old, I've always had Ikea furniture somewhere in my bedroom. I guess my parents' thoughts behind this was if I somehow managed to blow it up, or fall into it Molly Shannon-style and smash it to bits, it'd be easily replaceable. And yes, I have collided with tons of Ikea bureaus and dresses and mirrors in my day, and they all survived, looking sharp as a penny (me, not so lucky). 
The stuff is quite inexpensive to buy, and I imagine it takes a rocket scientist to put it together, but all over, it can really make a space look nice on the cheap. I've got tons of little cubbies, mugs, plates, organizers - you name it - and they've all held up remarkably well, most better than the very expensive pieces I own. They even sell ranges for the kitchen! None of which I'm allowed near.
This Ikea, while monstrously huge, is very easy to navigate. I love that in any Ikea I've been to, there are no pushy, LUSH-esque salespeople hounding you, but they are there if you need them. I love trying out the chairs, stools, dressers, even that awesome air bed I got stuck in as an 8-yr-old til my heart's content. This location is very clean it seems, and checkout, while the lines are daunting, is fairly quick and very painless.
This is a great location with a great selection.
And they don't get angry if I accidentally knock over a shelf of WAHL KLOCKS!Returns here are always a nightmare. Expect 30-35 minutes plus for any issue. On multiple occasions only 2 or 3 of the 5 available customer service registers are ever occupied.Swedish meatballs are horrible you possible could not eat good tasting food if you like these.. I love ikea but REally???If you want to do a big Ikea renovation (like a Kitchen), this is not the place to go. I live about 15 minutes from this one and drove all the way to Ikea Conshohocken to plan my kitchen...there is a reason. Customer service, and attention to detail. 
This place has a few great people who work there, and the rest could care less - and it shows. The place is often a mess, the food is often old (if you like to eat the cheap treats at Ikea) and people are not invested in the place. However, the products are fine....just be sure you check them, because they toss them around like a bean bag.
If you want to just pick up a desk, or some accessories, etc...this is a totally ok place to be - because you can select it yourself (and check it)...but if you want to do a major renovation or think you might need assistance with something - it's worth driving to another location - trust me.As we were making our way back from our 5th Ikea trip in the last month, my hubby, wedged in the back seat between numerous heavy cardboard boxes, acutely asked "What would we do without Ikea?" While I do feel that some of their quality levels have gone swiftly southward, they are still the go-to place for cheaper, do-it-yourself essentials, perfect for the homeowners on a budget... not that I know anything about that. 
IKEA survival rules:
- Go with a plan. Check the website and the catalogue to at least get an idea of whether they have what you're looking for/ in need of.
- MEASURE your space ahead of time.
- If you can, go on a week day, or week night for that matter.
- Use the handy little map pamphlets to stave off any panic attacks that might ensue if you find yourself in a sea of people and need a shortcut out fast! Or just to find the department you're looking for =P
- Keep in mind the size of your vehicle, and don't be afraid to be creative with physics while packing said vehicle.
Of course if you're looking for a crazy crowded hectic shopping experience and just want to browse, scratch all that and good luck ;)Nice-looking and functional furniture. Clean design. Many things you did not even know you needed. Dining is OK. Customer service is OK (reminds of Europe: efficient but not friendly). 
Warning: do not use their delivery & assembly service (Urban Express) - I had a horrible experience. The furniture was supposed to arrive between 8am-noon, then by 2:30pm, then by 4pm, then by 7pm, and finally got here by 8pm. Lost a whole day waiting and talking to customer representatives on the phone.Like other reviewers have said, yes, you get what you pay for with respect to furniture (never eaten here). But I would like to add to their reviews with respect to plants, lighting and art work. There's a good selection of all three and prices are reasonable. I bought two plants for $20 each and they are 4 ft. tall in 10 inch pots. The quality is excellent and I'm so happy to see them in my house. I also bought two small nightstand lights for $10 each AND bulbs were included. They are better known for their contemporary pieces, but there were plenty of traditional light fixtures as well. Didn't buy any artwork, but I love to look at them (maybe once I paint, I'll hang a couple). I am particularly impressed with their botanical prints (trees, cherry blossoms, orchids, etc.).If I could, I would have given Ikea half a star!!! the furniture is CHEAP!!! Awful. They will never get my money again!!I love ikea, going there always makes me giddy knowing we're getting things for our first place! Lots of cheap modern looking furniture at a decent price. So far the bed that we have from ikea is wonderful and we're looking forward to getting our tv stand and bookcase setup sometime this week, I will just say that sometimes the instruction can be a little hard to follow and I'm always missing a random part. Other than that, ikea is awesome and def my go to store for any home goods or furniture.Great stuff at a great price. Unfortunately they will not answer the phone. The "Contact Us" is nothing more than a revolving door which makes it impossible to leave feedback or get answers.(This review is for the restaurant.)
Swedish meatballs here not up to par. The outer part of the meatballs were dry and slightly crusted. The sauce was okay, but how hard could it be making it out of mix?
Requested vegetables instead of mash potatoes. These were overcooked and disintegrated with the poke of a fork.
One plus point, the cashier was very nice and pleasant, though staff at Ikea in general are good.the furniture is of varying quality and sometimes can be a pain to put together. but for the price, u know what ur getting. its not stuff that u should expect to be able to move with you since it sometimes breaks when u pick itup and load into moving vans. but its more than adequate for my purposes. but really what i love about the place is their cafeteria. they have 99 cent breakfast sometimes and they always have a dinner/lunch special like 1.99 meatballs/nashed potatoes or 2.99 chicken fingers/fries. i sometimes just go there to eat and not to buy furniture. and im probably not the only one.Terrible customer service. I ordered some bathroom accessories and faucets online. They charged over 50 dollars to deliver for a small package. The products where not manufactured with quality. I returned the items (at my cost $26 with insurance). Its been almost 5 weeks and the package was confirmed received 2 days after it was sent. I called for a status update, that took 3 hours of my day while they put me on hold, hung up on me, put me on hold again and again.. finally they confirmed receipt with me verbally but where not able to provide me with a confirmation #. They where also unable to process the return because they where "busy". They promised to send a confirmation the next day and told me to keep an eye out for 7-10 days for refund. I've gotten no email confirmation and no refund. I reached out through their facebook at next attempt. When I got a response the next day I immediately followed through (literally 1 min later with the order #). I did not get a response until the following day. Again, the customer service is poor, now the story i'm getting is we can't find your package, can you provide us with the tracking info. So I send it and now i've been waiting again with no response. How hard is it to service a customer? Why does every question a rep from that place come with getting put to the back of the line? Why are they so unreachable? It's a simple return.. This process should take all of 5-10 minutes tops. I would unequivocally not recommend IKEA. This is ridiculous!! They have no regard for my time.Doesn't matter which IKEA ...parking is always ridiculous ...kids love the chicken strips here and dollar yogartIKEA entire customer service is systematically failing. Average wait time for a call is over 70min. I requested refund to my original payment of credit card, but they sent me a gift card which I don't eangIKEA is rather therapeutic, who else loses track of time inside? Seriously. I enter at 11AM and can walk back out at 2-3PM unknowingly. 
*Bring bags for your items at checkout, otherwise you have to buy them. 
First stop at IKEA though? SWEDISH MEATBALLS. Everyone must check out their dining area located above the floor you walk in on.
After a happy stomach, let the adventure begin! Everything is well organized, designed, and clean inside. Whether you want to take the journey slow or fast, there are paths that ensure you see everything on the floor or you can take the shortcuts if you follow the signs to get your checklist accomplished. There are two floors total. 
At checkout, enjoy your purchases, and a delightful $1 ice cream cone on your way out!I really don't understand the hype of this place. It's not that cheap. Products are cool and modern looking but a lot of it looks very cheap.
Also, buying their light fixtures there locks you into their bulbs, nothing else will fit so beware.
I did go try a small dessert from their cafeteria which was surprisingly good. Unfortunately I came to shop not just eat. Huge place but really didn't have anything I wanted. Nothing worth the price anyways.
Happy shopping.
PS - careful of who helps you on the floor. I ended up buying a bed frame and was told I didn't need the headboard and it should still be able to be assembled. Got all 4 boxes home in my truck, opened 2 of the main boxes only to find out you do need the headboard. The headboard was an additional $200 on top of the $200 just for 3 sides of a rectangle bed frame. Ridiculous. Will be returning it and never come back to an IKEA.dear ikea,
i love your cheap delicious food, your simple yet relatively sturdy furniture, and your cheaaaaaaap frames. your death trap parking lot could be better, but i dont blame you, sweetums. its not your fault.
xoxo
kpI like the IKEA. I really do. But DECIDE what time you're closing the restaurant and STICK WITH IT.  
What a pain in the butt that I'm trying to juggle getting the kids INTO Smalland, and get all the crap I need hoisted into my cart, and you tell me what time you're closing the restaurant, but you're really full of crap, and now  I'm ready to eat, and you're hollering "CLOSED" at me, as if my hearing aid ain't working, and can't you just GIVE me a pan of that mac and cheese and I'll eat in in the car on the way home? 
No?
Damn you to hell, now I'm going to Tony Luke's and you can stick this flakeboard shelf into your "Mimsa Stucklen" for all I care!Typical Ikea except no express or self check out.  If you are coming for one or two things budget your time accordingly.  Usually not worth itAbsolutely awful service. DO NOT USE THEIR DELIVERY SERVICE. WORST DELIVERY SERVICE I HAVE EVER USED. NEVER SHOWED UP FOR DELIVERY, THEN LATE, RUDE STAFF, NEVER ON TIME, LOSES ORDERS. 
XPO LOGISTICS (IKEAS DELIVERY SERVICE) REVIEW:
First, after taking the day off of work to receive a delivery, they told me they were 3 hours late but ensured the driver was on my way with our IKEA delivery (couch and table). They said the delivery truck was on the way with my package. Then they called me that the driver FORGOT MY PACKAGE. The driver DID NOT ever pick up my items from the warehouse. They told me they would deliver it two days later. But the gentlemen assured me I would be the first stop regardless of the route of the deliveries that day to make up for their MISTAKE.
So, having to leave work early another day AGAIN, I called in the morning at 9am (my delivery was scheduled for 9am and they told me I would be first) they couldn't find my order on their computer. They didn't have my delivery as rescheduled. Then after waiting 30 minutes on the phone with customer service (I've spoken to the customer service team four separate times, speaking with four separate women, whom were very rude and told me they couldn't call the driver, then they could call the driver, miscommunication etc), they told me I would be the second stop. At this point its 9am, my delivery was scheduled for 9am-1pm (remember, I was the FIRST stop), now they're running late AND they CAN'T CALL THE DRIVER. They tell me they can't get a hold of who it is.
Then I call back, they tell me the driver IS STILL AT THE WAREHOUSE, AT 10AM, the delivery man is still loading his truck. When I asked "Don't they start the loading process at the warehouse at 8am?" The customer service woman replied "Yes, but they have a lot of packaged." What a joke! How can you have a delivery scheduled 9am-1pm if they're still LOADING THE TRUCK AT 10AM. The delivery was late, after already being rescheduled for not taking place because a mistake on their part.
THIS PLACE IS A MESS. THEY ARE LATE AND RUDE. THEY MISCOMMUNICATE WITH THEIR MANAGERS AND DRIVERS. THEY LOSE PACKAGES. THEY HAVE NO CONSIDERATION FOR THE BUYERS TIME AND MONEY. 
THEY ARE ALL OVER THE PLACE AND UNPROFESSIONAL. AND ONE OF THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WOMEN LIED TO ME AND TOLD ME THEY CAN'T CALL THE DRIVERS, AFTER I CALLED BACK AND ANOTHER WOMEN CALLED THE DRIVER. WHAT KIND OF COMPANY IS THIS?
PLEASE DO NOT USE THEM. YOU WILL HAVE A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. ANY OTHER DELIVERY SERVICE IS BETTER.The Returns and Exchanges department of this location is the worst.  Understaffed and the staff that works (I use that term very lightly)there meanders around at their own speed with no sense of urgency.  They are almost saying, "I have to be here all day and now you will be too."  
Unbelievable.  It's like the waiting room in Beetlejuice, but way worse.
Worst place ever.I enjoy going to Ikea to pick up householdy odds and ends for really cheap. They actually have decent glassware and it only costs about $1 per glass. Bedding and bathroom stuff is pretty nice too. I ended up with a duvet cover, six wine glasses and six pint glasses for $25.
I wouldn't, however, delve into the vast particle board furniture selection - which is not THAT cheap but still breaks if you look at it the wrong way. The only directions for putting together said crappy furniture is a cartoon miming where to put in screws.
The best part about Ikea is the frozen yogurt, which is $1 and very delicious.So the wait here is horrible. They only have 3 registers open and the lines are 10-15 ppl deep. I love there stuff but I hate shopping here. And they have a ton of ppl just walking around.Every once in awhile I'll get the itch to go to Ikea especially since we started doing a bunch of projects are our house. I have always loved the displays rooms they have set up and it can definitely provide ideas on what you would like or how to incorporate certain things into a particular room. 
The store is a pretty decent size so you always have to give yourself some time when coming here. The plus side they have almost everything you need for a house and prices are pretty decent. The only down size especially with smaller items is if you see it in the display room, you may have to look for it throughout the store. Bigger items they have aisle & bin associated with them so you can pick it up before you check out.
They do have a clearance section which some of their display items will go there or things with minor scratches, I would say make sure to check this out. Especially if you're a DIYer, you might have some good finds. 
Also, did I mention that their food is actually pretty good?! And they have a child play area as well.Returns at ikea are such a pain. I stood in line for a little over a half hour just to get to the cashier. Definitely not a quick return option.Answer two questions:
1) Do you want IKEA furniture?
2) Do you want new furniture but on the cheap?
3) Do you live within 20 minutes drive of this IKEA?
If you answered yes to any of these questions then you should go here.
Pro tip: Their cheesesteaks are actually pretty decent.While I despise putting together the furniture from Ikea, I do really like their designs, so time and time again I buy their stuff even though assembling it drives me to madness.
That being said, whenever I need a tchotchke for my house this it the first place I'll look. Cheap lamps, picture frames, mirrors, you name it. Their downstairs marketplace is where it's at! Though I admit I do spend too much money on junk, at least it's fun to do. 
I vastly prefer this one to the Conshohocken one. It's surprisingly usually less crowded. Also it honestly is more nicely laid out, and you can even see a rapidly rusting ship on the river from the cafeteria window. Food is alright, not gourmet but at least an experience. Their food market though has a lot of prepackaged interesting stuff. Those damn Swedes certainly know how to make pastries.
Time and time again I find myself here, and usually it's a pleasant experience. Just avoid the weekend crowds and you'll be golden. Sometimes I hate admitting I love Ikea.I shop here at times for somethings for the house this place has nice reasonable items good place to shop!Sitting for 2 hrs and still waiting for my kitchen. This sucks. Ikea needs to figure out a way for people to order online for pickup.I love Ikea. For the furniture, and the food.
I've furnished my whole house with Ikea stuff. The trick is to NOT buy the cheap stuff because you get what you pay for. The cheap stuff will eventually come unhinged or become uneven. Drawers will become slanted, kitchen chairs will start to fall apart. But the more expensive stuff really does hold up. I guess because they make it out of *real* wood. I also got a sectional from Ikea because I like the idea of being able to change the slip cover if I want to change my decor. It's also nice because my cat's a spiteful vomiter, so I'll need to take the slip cover to get cleaned at some point.
Anyway, as for the Ikea food...you can't go wrong. I've had the .50 cent hot dogs. They're A-OK. I've had the meatballs, chicken fingers, french fries, and macaroni and cheese. It's all GOOD! And cheap. Seriously, sometimes I go here just to eat. There's no shame in it!!
If you're going to come here, be prepared to spend more than you planned. There are so many cool things you can't leave without picking up something you don't really need. Also, plan to spend a whole day. Or half day, maybe. Leave time to see everything.I ordered online.  They charged my credit card and then never sent me an email confirmation nor did I receive the product I ordered.  I tried to call their customer support but just sat on hold without anyone ever picking up the line.  I tried the "track your order" form on their website and they never responded to it.  Now I have to contest the charge with my credit card company.
I thought this was supposed to be a major company but I feel like I got scammedI visited the store on 7/28/18 and placed an order and chose the delivery service. I was told that Friday, August 3rd, between 9am-9pm, was the earliest delivery date available, but if we came back to the store on 7/29/18 in the morning, Dave, the cashier at the home delivery service counter, assured that we could reschedule for next day delivery service because it is first come first serve and we would have a good shot of getting next day delivery if we came early. On 7/29/18 around 10am, my husband drove back to ikea to have the delivery date changed. At 10:40am, he was given a new delivery date of 7/30/18 between 1PM and 5PM. He asked for confirmation and the woman at the home delivery counter said she had our phone number and email on file and that was all she needed and we were good to go. She even wrote the new shipment date and time on our boxes that were to be delivered. Come 3PM on 7/30/18, after calling out of work and no delivery truck to be seen, I called Ikea to find out where our delivery was and they again confirmed 7/30/18 1-5pm time slot and were advised to call the delivery company. We called the delivery company just to be told that they were never informed of the delivery date change, and that it was still scheduled for Friday, August 3rd between 9am-9pm. After time wasted and losing out on money I could have been making if I went to work, I went back and forth with ikea customer service on the phone and never received a proper solution to the issue. I was on hold for OVER AN HOUR waiting to connect to the resolution center. Common theme here is WASTE OF TIME. I am extremely aggravated at how poorly customer service has treated the issue. This has been ridiculous and a complete waste of time and I refuse to give any more time or money to this company. Just reached out via email so hopefully they can address this issue. Such a shame because I didn't have an issue with the products, just the incompetence of the customer service we received.I have bought almost all the furniture in my apartment from Ikea, and I am happy with everything. The only problem I have had is with my Trysil bed, the metal legs broke. However, I just took the broken piece to Ikea and they gave me a replacement piece for free. I thought I would have to pay for the piece, so I was very pleasantly surprised. Customer service just won Ikea big points in my book. Also, the fro-yo they serve here is some of the best fro-yo ever.Ikea I love you. 
Where else can I get plates, bowls and glasses for $0.50 each? When the Greek in me comes out and I feel like smashing some plates at a party - Ikea is where I stock up! 
No really I love ikea...about 90% of my place is furnished by Ikea. Love their artwork - the ginormous pic of NYC behind my bar  is amazing. They also have really nice plants extremely cheap. 
On top of that 2 hot dogs, bag of chips and a soda for $1.99!! AWESOME!!!
Oh and the swedish meatballs own.Yet another store I would like to add to my "much less ghetto than you would expect" list.  I went during the week for some odds and ends for my new house, and the store and parking lot weren't crowded at all.  Easy in, easy out, just perfect.  Customers weren't nearly as trashy as you would guess?  Can't figure this one out, but I'll take it.  For comparison's sake this Ikea makes the ones in the Bay Area look disgusting.Don't buy something if they have to get it from the back. The literal entire premise of this store is you deal with terrible customer service in exchange for cheap prices and quick check out. They are happy to take your money quickly but you have to wait for your furniture. The quality of the stuff in the back is not any greater, you just get to pay for the honor of sitting and waiting an hour until they decide to get the furniture you already paid for. Stick to what you know at this joint.IKEA was basically my toy store growing up in Germany. You American kids had Toys R Us, and I was the 5-year-old drawing terribly out of scale floor plans of my bedroom and picking out the latest unpronounceable Swedish accessories for my living space. 
Some of the thrill has died off since then, but I still love walking through IKEA and looking at all the things I can't fit into my little home or don't want to buy. I love the style. I love/hate the fact that they make you walk through the entire store before finding whatever it is you were looking for to begin with. I love the food (stock up on the lingonberry jam. You're welcome).
When I'm feeling thrifty, I walk through IKEA, write down the model name of coveted items, and then search for them in Craigslist. Seriously, Craigslist is like IKEA 2.0.Swedish Capitalism with a smile.
--Saturday
I don't come often, but when I do, I generally leave happy.  In this instance, I was in a hurry and had a print out of $3000 worth of merchandise that I needed to buy and have delivered/assembled for a friend flying into a town.  I walked up to their home delivery department and was greeted with a smile.  The nice gentlemen explained my options for "picking service" which was a 100 bucks but they get all the items for me - awesome.  
He walked me over to sales associate.  I can't remember her name (I think it was Lisa) but she was super helpful.  She rang everything up but 3 of the items couldn't be put on the pick list because two of them were going through inventory and one item was under 5 in stock.  So, she grabbed a cart, took me downstairs and picked them up herself.  She then gave me the printout and cart and explained exactly what I had to do.  I tipped her - she saved me hours that I didn't have to waste that Saturday. 
I paid for everything then went back to the Home Delivery department.  It was really important to me that everything was delivered and assembled on Sunday (since she was arriving with her daughter then) so I asked if it was possible before paying for the service.  The nice guy behind the counter verified with with the company (Urban Express*) and let me know it could happen between 2-6 or 6-10.  Awesome!  So I paid for the picking fee 100$ (totally worth it), delivery which was $59 and assembly which was over $350.
*See my Urban Express review to witness the horror of that experience
----Sunday 
I came back into Ikea after being totally frustrated with Urban Express.  I went to the Home Delivery department to cancel the assembly order and get my money back.  They said no problem.  I also complained about Urban Express, which didn't take much for them to scoff and join right with me.  They even recognized the name I mentioned who didn't take care of me.  I got a lot of comments like, "Yeah, we've had a lot of complaints." or "Yep, this isn't the first time."
I won't give the details here, but Ikea totally took care of me in this situation and I made sure they understood that I was very happy with my entire experience with Ikea.
My only caution to you is read my Urban Express review before you decide on delivery and assembly.I wish I lived here. I would sleep in their already constructed bedrooms, play house in all of their fashionable living rooms, kitchens, & playpens. When hungry, I would go gorge myself on Swedish meatballs with lingonberry jam. I love you Ikea, don't ever change. Also kudos on your new deal, that if you spend $100 on furniture (before tax) Ikea gives you a free meal in their food court/cafeteria!
Okay I lied, maybe you should make sure that when your furniture is assembled, the furniture isn't all rickety & wobbly! That is all.My typical trip to Ikea: Oh, I need a trashcan. I'll buy a cheap but functional one at Ikea. I arrive at Ikea. I find my trashcan. But now I can't find the exit. Somehow I end up upstairs. How can I get upstairs if there aren't stairs? Explain! Oh, there are stairs. Must've missed that part because of the intoxicating fluorescent glow. I black out. I wake up 3 hours later in the ball pit  with $600 worth of Malm Lrkens. 
Ikea is the Great Satan, but they receive a bonus star because I really like my new shower curtains.This place is great. For many many reasons . They have a play area for kids and give you a beeper if they act up or throw up. Sometimes I go there for a break sometimes  if it is just too damn hot outside (not now obviously) and you need a free air conditioned activity followed buy dollar hot dogs or dollar ice cream what more could you ask for? I wonder sometimes what the range is on that beeper -if I could make it to lets say Champs across the parking lot for drinks. Of course I do come here for other things like recycling batteries or actually shopping for things in the market place. For the guy who couldn't find his way out... there are signs all over the place even short cuts .The place is dreamy and all but all you have to do is look up and read the damn signs.In my opinion, I felt ashamed at myself for believing in IKEA, their business model and their customer support, but after following the strict (and as it turned out, incorrect) instructions on the do-it-yourself furnitures and unable to be refunded or get credit back, we felt incredibly wronged and will never come back to this place or any other IKEA until they have the opportunity to reflect on their practice patterns.
As a backdrop, my wife and I just moved to Philly and we decided to give Ikea a shot before buying more pricier, adult-oriented furniture in our little apartment in center city. At first, we signed up to IKEA, got a bunch of coupons, and were excited to furnish our new apartment with these amazing deals. However, we were wrong.
This Ikea was much more disorganized than the ones I've visited in the northeast, with missing inventory, disinterested (and often missing) staff and also poor communication between the store and the website. When we initially visited the store, the staff told us that one of the items was in back-order and told us to call over the weekend to confirm its restocking process and appropriate pickup date. We followed their instructions to the letter, but even after calling in the store and confirming its availability, we showed up on the appropriate date and found out our item was not in stock.
Our next grief arose when I built one of the bookshelves per their instructions, but based on the manual error, which I took images of, part of the visible shelf was facing the wrong direction. I took pictures of the shelf and the instruction manual and requested credit-back since it was almost impossible to bring the actual 8 foot bookshelf back to the store, but they rudely denied our claim and I felt incredibly humiliated as a customer.
At the end of the day, I will never come back to shop here. But on a good note, their salmon dishes were actually quite delicious and affordable, so if all else fails, I do recommend coming here and sampling their cooked salmon plate for less than $6, which is the only saving grace to this place.Love going here! Bought a another bedroom set. Very great products and easy instructions to followWander here many times usually after lunch around the area (good for digestion & burning calories). I have only eaten at their cafeteria twice in the past, their swedish meatballs were delicious and inexpensive. For $4.99 you get 15 meatballs? They also have quick service on the main floor where they sell hot dogs, pretzels, and ice cream. 
Nice showroom, pleasant to look at or rest if you get food coma like me. For their price, you shouldn't have any high expectations. You get what you pay for. Despite their quality, their showroom offers many creative ideas on interior decorations for your home. In short, a perfect cure for food coma ha It's like a big playroom for adults :)IKEA is an experience more than a store. Sure, they are world-renown for their low cost, flat box furniture and items. But, the magic happens as soon as you walk in the door. Two words: SmalLand. Okay, sort of one word, but it's an amazing place that is a play area for little kids so parents can kinda shop in peace. Basically, IKEA is part day-care service. Ascend the escalator to find a full service food court with full meals that cost $0.99.  WHAT?  Take that Super Value Menu.  Granted, I wouldn't want to eat the food (I think), but it's definitely amazing.  
Then, get lost on its two floors of furniture and home goods.  Check out their website for the 9 million or so items they carry.  Honestly, I bought a few items from them, and they're remarkably sturdy and definitely maximize use.  In fact, the $5 can opener is the best one I've ever used. It's fantastic.  
The hardest part about IKEA is the self-serve items area. It's requires plenty of hard work and planning to 1) acquire larger items, and 2) get them paid for/to your house.  Not to mention, there is a clear system to find the items, but it's not always a breeze. 
Finally, you've checked out! You bought your home goods, and you're ready to go!  Hold on...is that a mini-market and snack bar?  YES. Get the $1 soft serve. It's unbelievably good. Or, pick up some gooseberry or lingonberry jam.  How about some frozen Swedish meatballs to take home as a reminder of our Scandinavian furniture overlords? Their chocolate is also very good.  
So you think you're done with IKEA once you get out the doors. Not so fast. If you need to return something or pick up some extra parts that might not have been included in your packaging, the customer service area is efficient and incredibly helpful.  
So why three stars?  The items need to be slightly better quality for me to be happy, and it's a little too austere in terms of their designs. Lastly, I've seen so many of their items in people's places it reduces the real creativity or unique qualities homes should have.  
The bottom line: Go to IKEA.  Get some soft serve. Walk around and admire all the items they've managed to fit in a single place. Pick up some jam or a can opener. Experience the thoughtfulness that is IKEA.Nothing spectacular. No different that any other IKEA I have gone to. Sometimes the register line is way way long even off hours. I do enjoy $1 ice cream and cheap breakfast though. I'm not too keen on furniture here.Pretty good option for your furniture needs, as you'd expect.
Pros:
Shorter lines than Atlanta's IKEA
Great prices
Good cafe/restaurant upstairs with quick service
Cons:
Lines still freakin' long
Staff is helpful and friendly but seems unavailable (almost avoid you)Ordered a MALM bed set and a mattress for a whopping 783$. After waiting a week for this set to arrive to my apartment the delivers were not ikea but a third party. I looked over the invoice and noticed that it said there should be six pieces. The boxes were even labeled "X of 6" but when I pointed this out the deliverers insisted that was all and left. Upon reviewing what was supposed to be included I noticed the bed slate was missing. Obviously if you've got a bed frame and a mattress but no slate to put it on its pretty useless. I called the deliverers four times and left a voice mail to no avail. I then spent 50 minutes on hold with ikea before someone answered and took my order information in like two minutes before placing me on another hold to go place the request for the missing part. Save yourself the time and effort and buy whatever furniture you need from somewhere else or go pick it up in store.I really like IKEA overall, but this one is my favorite so far. I love walking around just to look at everything and pretend I live there like the weirdo I am..My advice to any Philadelphia IKEA-shopper, AVOID the weekends. The parking situation gives me a headache on thought alone. 
With these Swedish warehouses, we all know what to expect. If you're a couple that's fake-dreaming for the place you'll get together, IKEA is kinda sorta fun. Anyone else, you want in and out. This location is hardly an exception.
The staff here is usually too busy to help, and they're frequently out of stuff. Again, if you must, go on a weekday/night.I have two problems with IKEA: One is that staff is very hard to find. The store is made to be mostly autonomous. Two, the store is a maze. Probably would be fine if I were browsing, but I came in with a set of items to buy, and finding them becomes a chore.
Nevertheless, IKEA has really awesome items at fantastic prices, and that more than makes up for the above.
(Also, for posterity, IKEA is really just fantastically designed all around, even if makes my style of buying hard. I really like how they were able to reimagine food!)Love this place to shop.Very clean place. Price not too bad.I never missed to eat my favorite yummy swidish meat balls everytime i visit ikea.I had the worst experience at this store. At first I was really stoked, having found a good deal on a couch. But, when it came time for delivery everything went horribly, horribly wrong. Not only was the line for delivery horrible, the worker was slow and incompetent. He gave me tragically wrong information. I told him I needed a Monday evening delivery. He said he couldn't do that, but that the delivery company would give me the time I needed when they called on Sunday. This was false. The delivery company, when they finally called Sunday night, stated that they do not provide any flexibility on time. When I told them the time they gave me was one I had no hope of making, they had no sympathy and told me to call IKEA to reschedule. By this point, IKEA was closed. By the time I gave up on trying to get a person at IKEA, I was unable to get anyone at the delivery company, even though they were still open. I called first thing in the morning, and they said that they would alert dispatch. They apparently did not. They marked the delivery as me not being home, despite my repeated warnings to them. IKEA insisted I physically go there to reschedule. When I got  there, and after dealing with them for an hour, they then tell me I need to pay a second delivery fee. I refused, and returned the couch. They refused to refund the delivery fee. It was a terrible, upsetting situation. I will never set foot in any IKEA again.For a department store in Philadelphia, IKEA does a very good job at being organized, well stocked, clean, and generally well-run. With a day care center on the first floor, the screaming-kids-running-all-over-the-store ratio is pretty low. The food upstairs is pretty good (I recommend the mac 'n cheese). I wish there were more salespeople, since all of them seem to be occupied all of the time, and finding things in the Marketplace can be difficult. They also close kind of early (7 on Sundays) - all of the other stores in the shopping plaza are open until 9, so it seems weird that IKEA isn't open until then, too. By the registers, there is a section where you can buy returns or exchanges for real cheap - I'm not saying I'd buy a couch there or anything, but you could find glasses or plates for next to nothing. The return/exchanges policy is pretty strict, so make sure you're positive about what you're buying.WHAT AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE. at all cost- do not ever get the home delivery- we're now on 4 days of no couch and customer service has done nothing but kept us on hold for hours at a time and had no answer for us to where our couch is or when it's being delivered after false promises of same day delivery. Very upsetting.Whats not to like about ikea. Only con associates dont speak to u just walks by u like ur invisible ( maybe im just used to having to speak to all customers & be polite at my job) even cashiers having their own conversations not paying customers any mind.My sister told me that Ikea got in trouble for serving horse meat in their meatballs that I've eaten several times before! But even as she said that I drooled because I was starving! I felt better seeing a sign saying they only use beef and pork in their meat (I guess they have to so people still eat it).
Anyway, my review is mostly just for the food court. The guy was reserving me meatballs the previous customer cancelled all while muttering "I ain't gonna waste this". I didn't say anything because it's not like it was just sitting there. He just rolled it onto a new dish for me so it was messy and not tasty looking.
The cashiers are even worse. No smile, no eye contact, and rude.
Their warehouse is also a danger zone, they have open boxes everywhere.Ikea is a wonderful store for funky, low-priced furniture that you have to assemble yourself.  I love how everything is flat-packed, so it's easy to transport by car.  I love their store displays, with many awesome mini-rooms that are impossible to recreate yourself, but are worth trying.  I love the fact that they sell food, and their home goods section is always fun.  I don't love putting the furniture together, though.  It would be okay if they didn't have those little screw locks (those of you who have ever bought a dresser or something from them know what I'm talking about).  
My only complaints are that the furniture doesn't always hold up for more than a year or two.  I got a dresser from them (one of their more expensive ones), and it literally broke (the wood split) and fell apart one day as I was putting a pair of jeans into a drawer.  So sad.  But for cheap furniture, you can't find a cooler place.  It's great for young people who are getting their first apartment/house and who are strapped for cash.  Just don't expect to be handing down your Ikea furniture to your kids as a family heirloom someday because it doesn't last that long.
Also, be aware that some items are not all that much cheaper than other stores' items, and you might be better off just investing in a solid piece of furniture from that other place (I'm thinking dining tables, couches, etc.).
Also, try to go when they're having a sale.  But beware of the mob that will be there, elbowing you out of the way so they can grab that marked-down item first.Made it through the visit without breaking up with my husband so that rumor is dispelled! Would have been nice if the item we were looking for didn't have a red go pick it up yourself tag only to go round the woods and over a hill to grandmother's house and be told that item isn't in that area anymore and hasn't been for weeks but they should have it updated in the next two weeks and could we trek back through the forest and search the shelves where the item was displayed. 
We did, pushing against the flow of human salmon, and found the item on the floor under other items. Clutching it like lost treasure we fled to the checkout and to our car. 
IKEA isn't a place to wander unless you have a support group. Don't go alone. Always tell someone you are going and how long you think you'll be so someone will start looking for you if too much time passes. We've all seen those survival movies. Don't be a hero.Ikea, I love you.....but you're bringing me down.
I first discovered the existence of Ikea a good 10 years ago. I thought it was the most fantastic place on Earth. My heart still swells a bit when I enter through the sliding doors. That is, until I start walking around.
It's not even the store really, and really how can the employees compete with 2 billion indecisive asshats a day? Usually we just skip the showroom area and head right to the marketplace. Get in, get out. Except...getting out can never be that easy, can it?
The past few times I've been here, they've literally had maybe 10 aisles open (out of, maybe 30?) and at least 20 people in each aisle. This is the point at which I wait, while dude gets ice cream. Or dude waits, while I continue shopping. It's the only way to pass time. 
When you get up to the checkout, it's clear that the employees want to die...and I commiserate, because I also want to die. I recall one time being here, and being so exhausted from waiting and walking behind slow people and searching and decision making, that I dropped a vase after I had paid for it. I had expected the employee to call someone to get me a new one or tell me to go get a new one....but he ignored me. Nice!
All in all, whatever crap I have to say about this place doesn't matter, because I'll still go. We'll all still go. And we'll all wait in line together, complaining and staring at other people's carts of swedish junk. 
(I should mention that I also used to work here a while ago for a very short time....in the "food service" department, all until a coworker followed me home, thus I never returned. good times.)I stopped by Ikea today after a hiatus of nearly two years. The showrooms looked as good as ever, but the cafeteria is looking a bit shabby. I did end up with a big bagful of merchandise to purchase, but left it all at the front when I saw the absurdly long checkout lines. All the self-checkout machines seem to have disappeared. What's going on? Is Ikea trying to discourage people from actually buying anything?  What a shame.I usually meet up with girlfriends at the South Philly Ikea because it is a central location for us. We get breakfast (great because it is cheap and our kids can watch TV in the kid area of the cafeteria) and then while we shop our kids can play in Smalland. While I'm not a fan of most of the products I have been able to find a few reasonably priced items for my home. I would not buy any major furniture there- we had in the past and the quality is pretty poor.No matter what I've been told over the years and still today--"Ikea is only good for college kids or young people" "You're an adult now, you should have adult furniture...not Ikea stuff" or "Ikea stuff is cheaply made"--I still really LOVE Ikea and they have never really let me down.  I think Ikea has really grown over the years and their furniture styles have really become more sophisticated in style.  I love their prices and designs and even though the assembly and their "no instructions" instructions can be a pain, none of the pieces that I have purchased from them over the years has ever let me down.  I've had more expensive items break down before any of my Ikea pieces even budge.  My only gripe is that I can never get cell phone service inside (makes it hard to text pictures for 2nd opinons) and it's always soooo hot (I'm conviced this is their tactic to make you thristy and buy a drink before you leave).  But whatever gripes I have, a $1 yogurt cone makes everything all better at the end of my shopping trip :-)Cheap and easy to assemble furniture. This is what makes IKEA so popular and rightfully so. The staff is pretty helpful, too. Around the area, you can find bags to carry knick knacks and small purchases in, paper and pencil to write down the item numbers of the big purchases, and measuring tape. 
Although the model rooms are big and you have to navigate through them all, there are some shortcuts you can look for to shorten your trip. All the sections are easy to find and located in one spot. If you have kids, they have a play area so they don't bog you down as you shop. 
The food is great and priced accordingly. If you just want to go there to eat, you can take the elevator to get to the exit quickly, so you don't have to go through the whole store just to get out. Near the exit they have frozen yogurt (popular, although I haven't tried them yet) and cheap hot dogs and fountain soda. The breakfast is cheap, but leave a lot to be desired. I don't really recommend the breakfast but I've only had it once. The lunch menu is a little better and tastier. I love their fries and their penne dishes. I highly recommend the apple glazed salmon. The quality may not be the best, but it's fine for me and quick. You probably won't like it if you're picky, but remember, you're eating at IKEA.I like Ikea; it always give me ideas to what I want to do with my space, but never could because of a budget or just not needed. But one can dream? Ha. Anyway, this is the only Ikea near me and that I've been to and overall I had good experiences. Ikea is clean, organized and service was good. Although I must say that the parts to furniture are hard to assemble.This place was MOBBED yesterday- a Sunday at 3pm. It was too crowded- and they were out of what we were there to get. 
I know there are only two Ikeas in the area but this one gets WAY more traffic than the one forty minutes away in Conshy. (I know because we went there right after and they had our stuff.)This review is specific to the return process. I was there on a Saturday afternoon, I get it, there's a lot of people. So should the management staff at Ikea and make sure they staff the return department with enough staff members to keep the lines moving. I had to wait twice in the line and they were 25 and 40 minute waits with very slow moving staff members.My husband and I LOVE a good excuse to go to Ikea.  It makes us feel like we're 10 again and going on a school field trip.   It's an all day event for us.  Ikea is a wonderland of consumerism.  
The store is HUGELY disorienting and has everything you could possibly desire for your home.  The clever and appealing displays are arranged so that shoppers feel as though they are in an intimate setting and don't realize what a massive maze the store actually is.  It is very easy to lose all sense of time and space and get lost in Ikea.   
Quite brilliantly, the store includes a super-cheap cafeteria with very tasty vittles (loooooove those swedish meatballs and ligonberry juice.)  You won't feel compelled to rush home when you get hungry because you can eat and keep on shopping.  The cafeteria has a great view of the huge ghost ship the USS United States and a cool little area for small children to eat that will keep them occupied while you savor your cheap eats. 
 What  I also love about Ikea is that sales people never harrass you.   Everything is serve yourself.  Sometimes when you need help, it's a bit tough to come by, but that's part of the trade-off for the inexpensive merch.  You do get what you pay for at Ikea.  We try to stick to furniture that is made from wood and not pressed-board.  We also avoid any furniture that has any kind of plastic fittings because they snap off.  But we've loved everything we've bought from them.  
I especially love Ikea's kitchen section because they have some unsual items that I had been searching for.   
If the employees weren't such butt-heads on the rare occasion that we needed help, I'd give them 5 stars, but the last time we went the albino at the Self Serve Help Desk was a whiny, lazy diva, so I'm only doling out 4.What would we do on a rainy day without IKEA?  Our 4 year old can play here and eat a cheap lunch.  We don't really buy much furniture here.  I feel glad to have graduated from the post-collegiate disposable furniture era of my life, but we do come here.  Often.  At least monthly - to entertain our kid.
Last time we bought a cute "Fishie" bath mat for 4.99.
Oh and as of 10/1/08 - no more plastic bags - so bring your own! (Or buy one for 55 cents.)It's IKEA. So you'll get A-OK furniture at a decent price. I do find this location a bit frustrating. A couple of times I found a piece of furniture that met the eye. Headed downstairs to start collecting the pieces. But sadly in a few occasions, it's always out of stock on box 1,2,3,4 of----. If a customer is suppose to collect all those boxes for one furniture, why is one certain box out of stock? Then i end up putting back the other boxes because it's not complete. 
Their exchange/return line is also long too. Make sure you get a ticket, and.. wait. The process is decent, as long as you have your receipt and within the 90day time period.IKEA. Home of the Big Blue Box. Let me just put out the disclaimer:  I may be partially biased because I was once a former "IKEAN" as I liked to call myself back in the day. Yep, I saw it from an employee point of view before this time, I saw it as a customer.
I was super excited to be making a trek to this IKEA while we were in town and even more so since it had been over seven years since I had been back to one. 
Let me say that IKEA isn't for everyone. But for those who do like it, like myself, it offers everything under the sun. From ice cream cones to cribs to kitchens, it's all there. While it does make the customer work (walking, carrying, pushing, schlepping) it also rewards customers with low price items. Quality is not the finest, but the prices reflect that. It's great for college students, setting up an initial house, or for those who want to down size and need minimalistic furniture. People are often "freaked" out or "overwhelmed" if it is their first time experience. Breathe. It gets better after one understands how IKEA works. It's not like walking into just any home goods or furniture store.
We did the entire upper floor "pathway" stopping to evaluate TV stands. While we didn't find anything to purchase, the prices were definitely on point. IKEA has a great way of attractively setting up to show the customer what and how it could look and then allows the customer to create their choice.
While we only purchased a few household items, the store was still neat and organized at 4 o'clock on a Saturday afternoon which was amazing since weekends are usually the worst times to visit. Check out wasn't too bad either with only 2 carts ahead of us, it flowed smoothly. Our cashier wasn't the friendliest or happiest lady, but oh well, some days are better than others. There's ample parking. A small food cafeteria and a little market to take care of any hunger pangs. For larger purchases, customers can back up their vehicle and load everything in without going all over the parking lot in the rain. Overall, we left intact and happy with our purchases. If it were closer, I might be in trouble because I'm sure I could always find something to buy!Remember when IKEA opened in Philly? Everyone was so excited! People working there were friendly and helpful and everywhere. Well, a recent visit made me long for those early days. Because IKEA and it's employees have gotten a bit lazy. The store itself is a mess. It's hot. Whole areas are blocked off and covered in plastic, creating a maze in an already difficult to navigate space. Stock in many areas is low or nonexistent. See that bag on display? Try to find it anywhere. Try to find a employee who might be able to locate one or tell you when they might restock. Go on, I dare you. If you should spy a worker, they will be hiding in the least likely spot in whatever department they're supposed to be in, pretending to go over paperwork while avoiding eye contact. Perhaps IKEA is in the midst of prepping for the holiday season. Here's hoping they have plenty of elves on standby because they will need Buddy himself to transform this sad store into a destination worth visiting.I went here looking for a new Bed frame or Day bed -single  not knowing how the store operates. It's a beautiful store and I love it and the simplicity of Swedish furniture and the assemble it yourself gig. BUT you have to go look at the item, write down the item #'s and don't forget to LOOK at the piece  you are buying hard because if you don't know you need diffrent part's for different  things. Like for a bed you might need the pine flat piece under the mattrress and that is a seperate  cost, then you might need a metal support , that cost  is seperate. And once you find what you want you go down into the "self serve" area and try and find it first (follow the signs) they make you walk  a complete square to get to it and then it's like walking into BJ's or a huge warehouse place, you go look for the aisle your stuff is in and then lift the very heavy boxes yourself-SO TAKE STRONG HELP WITH YOU-and wheel to checkout.   WEW I was exhausted after being in there about 2 hours. It was HOT and not too crowded when I went during the week on a Wednesday afternoon. 
I give it 3 stars because of all the walking around to get to one area you must do. 
Other than that I loved it. And I do have to return something because I didn't have knowledge on the piece I bought and bought an extra piece.Only need $2 breakfast, have a variety of options for lunch, the price is not expensive, but not very good, registered members drink is free of charge.Every time I shopping, children on the playground, my son likes ice cream and a hot dog when he came out in the playgroundThe cafe upstairs is amazing and the wide range and selection ikea has for home improvement and even for restaurants is exceptional.I love IKEA! It's like a whole new world. I have bought so much furniture from them, its very affordable. They have a section for clearance/damaged items, and you can save lots of money even if it just has a scratch! Very helpful for a poor college student. I spend hours here, even when I have no money. They also have frozen yogurt on your way out.Ikea helped us out so much considering we just moved to Philly and wanted to get all new furniture. The prices were awesome...and the employees were helpful (except the lack of). . We waited for a considerable amount of time just to get some help.....! For almost 2 G's i think you could say we are good to go.....but honestly...its a real pain in the a$$. I really want to try those swedish meatballs.IKEA is wonderful. Their products, food and employees services are the best.
Their delivery service leaves a something to be desired. I decided to try it out and the guy input my contact number wrong. As a result, they're charging me an extra $59..
I know it's not much but it's pretty annoying that I'm getting charged for an employee's mistake.
Double and triple check your information on deliveries BEFORE you leave the store. It's their policy that once you leave the store, it's your job to do the diligence work.
**Update**
After several calls I was advised to go on site to move forward in any way. Mainly to repay the delivery cost. Once I got there, I explained my situation and about 40 min. later they were able to set up a redelivery for me at no extra cost.
You probably won't get that. I think I was the calmest person in a room full of other customers that were yelling/being extremely frustrated.
They still should add a process in their delivery to clearly re-verify contact information before you leave. But apart from that, they just moved up to 5 stars in my bookSo, just biking around the city, I found myself at the IKEA again for their great-tasting $1 no tax vanilla frozen yogurt.  Of course, there were about 10 other people in front of me, but I had my cone in hand in about 2 minutes.  Delicious vanilla!
I also found they have these really cute ziploc containers for an excellent price (50 small bags for $2.99, in various sizes, 30 larger for $4).  They are very cute as they are multi-colored with cute little geometric designs to make your lunchtime or organizing fun.
They happened to be out of the awesome stainless steel espresso machine I went to go look at, but I guess they sold out!
The lines are always long there, but the self check out is actually really fast.This place gets 2 stars because IKEA as a store is amazing. Unfortunately they hire rude, ignorant people at this location. I had 2 bad experiences in one visit. 
First, the server at the restaurant asked us what we wanted then passive aggressively spent the next 5 minutes refilling all of her hot food items. Then slow as molasses finally served us. Funny enough the veggie balls and rice were both stale and tough to eat!
Secondly, we decide to look for batteries. We found them in lighting but were not able to locate the specific one we needed. We asked at checkout if there were batteries anywhere else. We were told they were also in isle 1. After 15 minutes of only finding furniture I asked another employee. He stated emphatically that batteries were only found in Lighting or occasionally at check out.Have you ever wondered what being under house arrest feels like?...Just get home delivery from IKEA. 
DISCLAIMER: Review about IKEA customer service and home delivery service, not regarding the cheap Swedish furniture from China that we all love. 
Customer Service - I was trying to find out how to get home delivery and I couldn't get a straight answer. I talked to a guy in a blue shirt about home delivery, he told me to go talk to someone at home delivery section. Went to home delivery section, yellow shirt dude tells me to go see self-serve dude in another area. Turns out the self-serve dude is another blue shirt guy, and at this point I'm thinking these guys are playing ping pong with me. Luckily, blue shirt guy #2 said to pick my stuff, pay for it and then do home delivery. That's all I wanted to know, I don't know why blue shirt #1 or yellow shirt #1 couldn't tell me what the process was. Oh well. then waited in line forever at the home delivery section. They kept screwing up the delivery information for the lady in front of me. The lady kept telling them which items were missing, etc. It was a long wait. Why couldn't they get it right?
Home Delivery - while this is outsourced to U X home delivery, IKEA should be held accountable as it is advertised as IKEA home delivery. I signed up for the 10a - 2p slot, paid my monies, and anxiously awaited my merchandise. They showed up at 5p. EFFING 5 PM!!!! Effectively, I was under house arrest for 7 hours. The calls to customer service weren't helpful; 60-70 minutes they said.
...kinda regret not buying that truck.Who doesn't like IKEA?  I mean really, even if you don't want to put together your furniture, you can still walk around the show rooms and get ideas, really good ideas for your own personal domicile.  When I was just starting off in the world as an adult, I literally would spend all of my extra cash here.  Now that I am established, I still go back often just because most everything sold by IKEA is made intelligently.  Not everything they sell will last for generations, but anything they sell will get you through to a time when you can afford something that will.  I do have items in my house that are well over a decade old.
South Philly Ikea is a different type of store.  No matter how Swedish the corporate philosophy, the Rocky Balboa vernacular and mannerisms of the area show through.  It's a good thing.  It makes the shopping experience real and offers the flavor of the city.  If you shop at the other IKEA, in the burbs, you would think that you were on a different planet.
I prefer the South Philly version because the people here are real, customers and associates alike.  In the burbs, I see the more affluent customer, who is usually more full of themselves arguing with cashiers as to why they need to bag their own purchase, or better yet why they have to bring their own bag with them or purchase a reusable one separately. 
I always thank my cashiers by name, anywhere I go.  Nothing sounds as sweet to a person, than their own name when they are doing everything they can to make their way in the world.  South Philly Ikea gets most of my business, even though the tax is higher in Philly, than the burbs.  It's just a better experience for me.Please check everything before you buy something from this place!! I saw bed bugs on the pillow container, i loved this OFELIA BLAD white cushion, but when I was about to get it I noticed this little bug and I realize it was a BEDBUG.
I had bed bugs in the past and you don't want them believe me!! 
Also be careful with the mattresses and bed frame! 
I think they have good stuff, but I won't  risk getting this awful Bed BugsStaff is great.  Food is great though my one friend hates it.   Reminds me of eating at school but even better food.   Prices are great.  Plus you can interior decorate shop after.   College stuff will sag after a while like book cases.  But their mid tier and high tier are great quality.This is a nice big IKEA, pretty standard as far as Ikea's go.  I believe it is about the same size as the one in Conshohocken.  Plenty of cool furniture, and cool things to eat, both familiar and foreign. I'm still confused and perplexed by some of the names for things..."holmbo"?You know how people always joke about couples breaking up in here? I totally can see it. You walk in and there are lots of young couples holding hands, eyes glazed walking through the aisle. Not I.
I dragged the lover here when we realized all our bookshelves were buckling from our massive amounts of books. He had never been to Ikea before--and if I could italicize this sentence I would because that amazes me!!! 
The trick to Ikea is to know that nothing you buy here will truly last, but because you cannot yet wrap your head around the idea of spending 3,000 on a couch, you drag your ass to the land of weirdly named things that can all be put together by a N-shaped metal tool, enjoy the smooth shopping carts, and marvel how people with a better eye than you can make such cheap things look so sweet.
P.S. my favy new thing about coming to IKEA now is that people take pictures of the tag of things they want and then use their phone to find them instead of madly scribbling down bin and aisle numbers and scanner IDs. So that's new, but the $3 meals at IKEA is still the same. Bleech!
P.P.S. every garlic press I've gotten here has rocked my world. I got one from Target two months ago and broke it with the first clove I tried to press. Can these comments get any more random?!Ah... I don't think a girl will ever forget her first IKEA. This place is truly magical. I walk in for one thing and come out with a thousand. It's so big and beautiful. Make sure you check out their "as-is" room by the register. Sometimes they have a lot of great stuff!the store and furniture is fine, i found what i needed on my own basically with the help of their website and looking up where the item would be in the store. and thank GOD i did because the staff at this ikea that i dealt with was horrid! I asked one worker to direct me to the aisle i was looking for, since it was my first time being in there, and she replied back with an attitude telling me to "follow the arrows" in a tone that sounded like I was a idiot for not knowing that. Then the cashier screamed at me saying "next" so i would move up in line. She also proceeded to treat me like absolute crap, and like she had no time or patience to ring up my item. just ridiculous, as a supervisor at a retail store, it really isnt THAT hard to help customers with respect and a good attitude.Why always one or two registers for such a big store. I have had to walk out numerous times.Walking into IKEA, I am always greeted simultaneously by the smell of warm cinnamon buns and the sound of high-pitched screeching children. Like biting into an ice cream bar, it's delicious but painful, and more importantly, WORTH IT. 
I shamelessly furnish and decorate with IKEA. Boyfriend and I decided to get all new plates and glasses when we moved in together, and IKEA was there with their $20 service-for-six. Nice enough to use but cheap enough to throw against a wall during a fight - which we have yet to have because our inexpensive dining room sideboard serves as the liquor cabinet, so we can just drink our angst away.
The hem-yourself curtains are perfect for odd-sized Philly windows. The ubiquitous Billy makes four appearances in our home. And those cinnamon buns...
I was particularly excited to discover on my last visit that the warehouse section has a helpful self-serve find-it-yourself kiosk that means you can pick up that one thing quickly without having to walk through the showroom. Between that, and the self-serve checkouts, I was in and out in about fifteen minutes.I like the concept and deals here. But the products just don't last. One year is the life of most of the dressers and tables. If you unassemble, your product is no longer good. lol. The food in the cafeteria area is good. Very friendly and good staff.Ikea is a confusing labyrinth made up of Swedish flake board, which sub consciously forces you to buy SOMETHING.  The people behind the design of the store are geniuses as there are no windows or recognizable reference points to lead you out, or even to where you want to be.  You will end up wandering around seeing everything in the store, thus optimizing the chances of you finding something you want but definitely do not need, like a random brush with a suction cup to stick to the sink (that's what got me.)
I really hate IKEA's furniture.  Sure it is cheap, but it will only last you until you try to move it.  If you have time, I suggest checking out craigslist.org for used furniture.  You can find solid pieces of furniture that will last.
Also, I agree with Jake in that IKEA, much like the rest of the stores on Delaware Ave. is a mess on weekend's and should be avoided.  **Do not leave without a cone of $1 frozen yogurt.**IKEA and its products are the greatest invention since sliced bread for sure! The South Philly store is great in many ways including its view from the Cafeteria to the Delaware River. The food at the Cafeteria is truly affordable and of decent quality.  On the down side, checking out of this store is a nightmare, long lines with edgy people. I would recommend shopping early!Ikea a great place for the whole family! We come her because it's a great place to go, shop with the wife and best of all "infant friendly". It's getting harder to find a place to eat without my 2 year old freaking out after 15 minutes sitting down. IKEA has just enough running around and quick cafeteria to get him good to go! The food is different and comfort food all mixed up in cafeteria line form! Smoked Salmon with dill mustard sauce is amazing! The half rack of ribs for only $7.99, extra Swedish meat balls for only $.99, and the amazing lingonberry juice to wash it down! My infant son ate all of his Mac and cheese, which is great! And my wife enjoyed her salmon lasagna, which I tasted and it was generously stuffed with salmon. I was looking forward to their apple pie but they were out, that's ok because the tiramisu was amazing! All and all we all enjoyed what we got! Going on a weekday is a lot less stressful than the weekends! The little guy got to run around and enjoy all the neat kooky stuff Ikea has to show! Staff was very courteous and friendly!Ikea - you dirty whore.  
You entice me with your colorful, inexpensive, and sleek furniture, housewares, and decor.  I go to visit you, and you leave me sweaty (from lugging large amounts of merch), and penniless.  
I can't go on like this anymore, your stuff is all over my place.  In my kitchen,  living room, and even (blush) bedroom.
I... I, uh... I think I'm in love.Really terrible location. 
Yesterday we were shopping there around 7 pm and someone broke into our car, broke the locks the door handle, and stole my school beg with my laptop in it and my wallet and other stuff that was in there. I am beyond devastated , there was so many people around the parking lot was full and NOBODY saw anything. The ghettoest place ever, I never had anytime stolen so this was really new to me, that someone would actually brake a door in the car to get to your stuff at a parking lot of a place like IKEA, just so disappointing. My whole life was in that laptop, I do graphic design so alllll my work was there all the pictures from with my family everything is gone. 
And when I called to tell them what happened after I filled out the police report, they refused to even check the cameras. 
thanks a lot .IKEA-HACKING FTW. Plus meatballs & lingonberry soda for energy. Flat-pack furniture, cheap hotdogs, do I really need to tell you about IKEA?While IKEA's furniture is price point savvy and highly functional, they are way behind in using technology to 1) provide inventory as one shops and 2) proper staffing. Check out lines are always long both midweek and weekend, staff is rarely visible in the showrooms, service booths overwhelmed , and the return/ exchange counter understaffed.  Personally I had to go through 3 layers of bureaucracy to prove I left a purchased item at the checkout counter! They need to "check "their video footage and miraculously the third viewing showed that i did in fact leave the purchased item, the cashier failed to log the abandoned item, and IKEA dragged the ordeal out.  So much for Scandinavian efficiency! This was the Philly store. I've had better luck in LA.Worst customer service experience of my life. Bought a toddler bed and got delivery and assembly service. One of the 3 parts delivered was the incorrect color (I picked this from the warehouse where each color was its own section, so it was incorrectly placed). When the delivery guy realized this, he left everything in the middle of my daughters room and said we had to call ikea. IKEA has set up their customer service so that you can't actually contact a store. Instead, you get put on hold forever and then talk to a representative that can't do anything. I called and logged a good two hours only to find out there was nothing that could be done and they would call me in 48 hours. When I asked for a refund on the delivery service, the MANAGER told me it was a customer error because I should have double checked the boxes. Well, I never got a call in 48 hours so I called them back (another hour on the phone) and found out that the store was out of stock of the color I needed for my missing piece and they didn't know when it would be available (still a customer error though right?). Meanwhile, when I picked it out, it was in a pile of other toddler bed boxes labeled as the same color, so I can only assume that all of those have the wrong color as well. In the end, I'm having them pick up the parts and refund me my money. The customer service was the absolute worst part of this. No one seemed to care or actually try to solve my problem because why bother? They don't work at the store and they probably get paid nothing to get yelled at by customers. They set up the system to try and get you to give up. IKEA is the absolute worst. Never again.Ok food at great prices. I love the Pytti Pana and Gravad Lax. Its a fun atmosphere and you get to bus your table like you do at home. The breakfast is always priced to sell. Check them out you will like it and so will your wallet.Take stuff home, but do not attempt to get home delivery!  Customer service is non-existent.  The phone number is useless, as a message says "all circuits are busy" whenever you call.  Emails either don't go through or go unanswered.  When we had problems getting our furniture delivered on time, the only way to straighten it out was to go to a physical store and speak with a person, who then gave us the correct number to call, as our pieces were being delivered out of state.  They are unreachable.  Do not attempt home delivery!!!!This store has the worst customer service I've ever experienced from Ikea. I've had three issues in two weeks, and will not be returning to this location. First, a click and collect order was not even processed and when I showed up towards the end of the window promised, was told I had to wait "15-20 minutes." This was 10 minutes before their 9pm closing. It was 9:45 before my order was ready, minus one item. I was so irritated that I didn't realize they also failed to give me the promised $5 gift card. Second bigger issue was being lied to about delivery of a sofa I had to order in store after calling customer service. Despite the website showing the sofa was available for online delivery and click and collect, I coukd not complete either. After calling and waiting on hold an hour, I was told the only way to purchase the sofa was through a store. So I so that, and tell the sales person Terrence H that I already have a furniture delivery scheduled and asked if this could be added to it. He says that because it's coming from the warehouse it can't be added, but I'll get two separate orders that day. So I get two confirmation calls from Ikea, and expect two separate deliveries. After receiving the earlier order and waiting through the end of the delivery window, I check the receipt and see the deliver is scheduled for the following week. Not only was I blatantly lied to, but I also scheduled a Task rabbit appointment for assembly. After taking an hour to get through the customer service line, then waiting on hold another hour I'm finally connected to an agent, explain this story, and she says she'll get the store manager on the line after holding again. The manager gets on the line, and I can't hear what he's saying. I wait until he's done speaking and state this at which point the call is disconnected. I call back, and as I'm writing this I've been on hold another hour and 15 minutes. The whole time listening to this message stating how easy Ikea makes shopping. I've been shopping with Ikea for decades, never experiencing this crappy customer service. I certainly won't ever shop at the South Philly store again, and time will tell if this is all bad luck or a true fall in Ikea's values.Next time you are at Ikea, eat lunch at eyeball level with the SS United States. The dining area at the front is a unique space flooded with natural daylight and with a panoramic view. I had a salmon wrap with crunchy cucumber bits. It was not half- bad!Oh IKEA, up until a few days ago, you had never failed me. I wish I could compare you to something (or a summer's day), but you were like nothing else: attractive and cheap.
For those of you who don't know, I'm in the process of moving and as you can imagine, it's an experience that really opens your eyes to every worthless purchase you've ever made. Before you know it, you're throwing away shoes, shirts, tennis racquets, dressers, box springs...sigh. Things you once spent a LOT of money on! Anywho, I decided to stop wasting and start making. Making money, that is.
I posted an ad on Craigslist to sell the IKEA desk I purchased from the previous tenant. I sold it in 2 days! The buyer and her husband showed up at my house a few nights later to pick it up.
Do you want to know what happened to the desk, IKEA? Do you want to know? It fell apart. The desk fell apart just as the husband and I lifted it from it's place. I can't begin to tell you how quickly and awkwardly they fled from my house. 
Despite the embarrassment you've caused me, I'm willing to forgive you. I think Beyonce says it best, you're "irreplaceable."I bike here for their low-fat frozen yogurt for $1.  Usually don't need anything else but I love their kichen/dining dept.  They have really nice storage items, and I was impressed with some of the eclectic little gems (like fish-shaped ice cube holders) they had.  
But the yogurt keeps me on my bike, and it's a much better reason and way to get some exercise (no guilt, no gym!)I live in phila and have been here twice...the first time i hated it and the second time reinforced why i hate it.
  I'm not unsympathetic to people who can't afford quality..(i'm one of  them) but this place is horrible.  The kitchen stuff is just cheap dollar store items and the furniture is so over priced for the quality it's insane.  
  I have bought items at walmart  which were not only better quality but half of the price.
   As far as furniture it may be "unique" but it's junk..and over priced junk if i might add.  There are many  "reasonable" furniture stores in the phila/south jersey area that are reasonable also.
     I have no intentions of ever going back to this high priced/low quality junk store ever.