Top notch food. I ordered the 3 course meal and everything was beyond super deliciousness!!! Our waiter Jenna was amazing, knowledgeable and fun. She made our experience sheer perfection. I can't thank the staff enough for making my birthday dinner heaven on my taste buds.Amazing pizza. Also love ceci bean dip. Great outdoor patio.  Recommend going on Tuesdays for half off select pizzas.First place I ate in the area and it was sooo good. My friend and I both ordered pasta, but the pizzas looked good from afar. They have beer and wine available which is great when you don't have time for byob.Omg! Omg! Omg! What a hidden gem! I'm disappointed I didn't take pics but the food AND service was amazing!! I forgot my servers name but she was very helpful and so attentive as I arrived earlier than the rest of my party (one other person) she kept checking up on me to see if I needed anything. Once my friend arrived the server then explained the menu to us bc it was our first time. She recommended the steak tartar in a jar and we ordered two pastas. The lamb and the seafood. Although they are small portions, we were stuffed. The steak tartar was my favorite, I honestly dream about it, it was that good served with crunchy soft bread. Everything was very on point at this place! Will def visit again soon. And there's a parking lot! A great plus for me bc I hate driving around looking for parkingIn Riva never disappoints. The food is delicious (mamas meat balls, polenta, duck ragu & pepperoni pizza are some of my favorites), the waitstaff is always great and the atmosphere is perfect (both indoor and outdoor).  
Last night we ordered a 4 course tasting menu and it was amazing. Everything their kitchen puts out is a masterpiece!On the banks of the river ... is the best pizza I have ever eaten, period.  Its as much about the crust as it is about the balanced accompaniments.  A thin but delicate crust with rewarding texture and flavor that offer meaningful contributions to the topping interplay (rather than delivering toppings in an after-thought, unremarkable, edible vessel).
The perfect meal so far ...
- VASI - Ceci Beans and Lentis (tomato scapece, grana padano)
- ANTIPASTI - Aggrodolce Pork Ribs (green apple, pistachio)
- LE PIZZE - Spicy Ham (coppa piccante, san marzano tomato)
- DOLCI - Zeppole (blackberry yogurt, lemon curd)
Honorable mentions and amazing seconds if you can manage ...
- VASI - Cannelini Bean Aioli (smoked pepper, arugula, sicilian tuna)
- ANTIPASTI - Carciofi Fritti (fried artichokes, lemon yogurt)
- LE PIZZE - Quattro Formaggi (ricotta, scamorza, marinated tomato)
- DOLCI - Cannoli (pistachio, lemon-ricotta, chocolate-olive oil).If you consider the reasonable prices, the beautiful location and the need for such an establishment in this area I have to say this was a five star experience. The service was smart and easy going with our two year old son. She comped us an app when our drink order took an unusually long time and she ran down her list of favorites for us twice. We ordered 8 things on the menu and not one was average or just satisfactory, everything was delicious. My favorites were the octopus app and the asparagus app. So good.... cherries and truffles yum yum yummy.Service, parking and location was great. Pizza and salad had great taste. It came out quick and was timed perfectly as we had to get on the road. Dough was okay - hard to eat with toppings falling off pizzaJust went to In Riva for the first time. I had heard they had a dog area and wanted to enjoy the evening with my Benny. The Pizza-n-Puppies area was great. The tables were  a little low (dogs could easily reach if they wanted) but considering I've never seen something like it before, I really liked the concept. 
I had the Mushroom and Zucchini pizza and it was alright. The crust was amazing, but I didn't know the pie would have a kick and I truly dislike spicy. Next time I know to tell them no spice and they'll leave it off. I think without the spice the pizza would be great.
UPDATE: I have been to In Riva a few times since writing this original post. Just say don't add spice and the pizza will come out amazing. At least, if you're like me and don't like food spicy.
Check their Facebook page before heading out on a Tuesday because you need a password for half price pizza.Food is bomb.  Plus good servers.  Right by river.  You have nothing to lose and everything to gain by eating here.Started with a few drinks. Nice custom cocktail selection. Waitress was real nice and went through the menu with us. It's almost all shared plates. Very trendy, cool concept rarely pulled off well. Started with buffalo pork belly and meatballs. Pork belly was really good. Good, spicy and fatty ( you have to be into that thing). Meatballs were excellent. The only thing I would have wanted were toast points or crustinis to dip in the left over sauce. The margarita pizza was awesome wood fired, thin sauce (which I believe belongs on a pizza) and a doughy thin crust. Finished up with some vanilla and Nutella gelato. Great meal! We'll be back!My boyfriend and I ate at In Riva last night. The decor and location is great, for that I'd give it a 4 Star. 
I ordered the hangar steak starter as I wasn't ravenously hungry, and my partner ordered the margherita pizza. The service was by the way, very attentive and food arrived very fast.
My steak was raw, tough and tasteless. Inedible. I don't even think it was hangar steak, it looked more like a sirloin tip. Took me 4 minutes to chew one small piece. The salad it came with was tasty so I just ate that and told my waitress that the steak was lousy. She offered to bring me something else, but I refused.
The pizza was tasty and enjoyable, but hardly memorable. 
To In Riva's credit, they did not charge us for the steak dish.
We might give it another chance just becos we are local and becos we won't write off a place based on ordering two items. The ambiance, location, service etc will probably convince us to try again in a while.  If I could I would give it 2.5 stars.This place is a real treat to have in the Northwest. Delicious Italian food, inventive cocktails, and a wonderful outdoor space overlooking Kelly Drive. The chicken Parm appetizer is a favorite: a whole chicken leg and thigh and a delicious, tangy marinara with cheese. I will often get it with a salad as my entrée. I love that they have plenty of bicycle racks for their guests as well.We had the pepperoni pie and the crispy artichokes. The pie was really good. It had a lot of pepperoni and the cheese/sauce ratio was perfect. The crust had a nice crispy/chewy contrast. They are small Neapolitan pies so I would recommend 1 pie and 1 appetizer for two people. The crispy artichokes were very good. They were complimented with a lemon yogurt sauce and a black olive tapenade. I would definitely go back. 
    Just updating review after going back. I changed it to 5 stars. Everything was excellent. The kale salad, octopus, ribs and Bianca verde pizza were all amazing. Can't wait to go back.My husband and I came here after a 5K at the Laurel Hill cemetery. It was crazy packed around 7 on a Sat night so we grabbed seat at the bar. We each had a couple of cocktails and menu items. We had the short rib gnocchi and cheese plate. The food was really good and looked good judging other people's plates. I liked the vibe of the place and would like to check it out again!Seriously yummy pizza. Had the pancetta and pineapple and feel like that will be a staple for me. Mouth is watering thinking about it. Love the outdoor deck! Great little pizza place in walking distance from my house!Great place to brunch! The food is so damn delicious and the biggest perk for us is parking! There is indoor and outdoor spaces available but we always do the outside in the summer. The  view from the patio in the back is great bc you overlook kelly drive and the river.Oh..my...goodness.
Recipe for a great dinner: A perfect evening to sit outside + good friend to catch up on gossip + solid beer menu + tasty pizza + small plates galore + NUTELLA GELATO. I left one happy smiling piggie. Service was friendly but respectful of our need for space to enjoy our meal. Would definitely recommend this spot. Next time I'm going to walk there with my pup and enjoy pizza in the puppy area!Over priced!  Two scallops $11. Pizza burned on rim and soft undercooked in center.  Very small meal portions which are over priced. Never againDamn good establishment tucked away in East Falls overlooking the Schuylkill. Service was good & the waitor was exceptionally knowledgable of menu. Good wine list and solid craft beer options on tap.
Started w/ the meat and cheese plate of the waitors choice. High quality products, reasonably priced. Delicious. Ordered scallops w/ bacon and although the portion size was small for the price (should have been 3 scallops instead of 2), the dish was well done and worth a taste. Finished w/ a four cheese pizza which was the best made brick oven pizza i've ever had. Crispy, yet soft dough. Minimal grease. Just right.
Absolutely reccomended.Best friendliest employees that know the menu. Fantastic antipasatas! I love this place... the vibe, the food, service, patio, and the bar. One tiny complaint is the kitchen is a tad heavy handed with salt and i love salt but sometimes you gotta dial back in riva... still 5 stars. Seriously great service.Amazing dining experience!!! The cocktails, the charcuterie, the cheese, antipasti, pasta...everything was well thought out and worked great together. The ambience and decor is very welcoming and modern. The service was superb, Carl, was a very professional and attentive bartender, she was always smiling too. The manager, Dawn, stopped by to make sure everything was great, and it was. You should not miss this dining experience if you are in the area. Make reservations if you can, if not, eat at the bar!Drove out here from University City based on a recommendation from a friend. The place looked pretty cool and relatively busy for a Wednesday night. 
I ordered the smokey chicken pizza which arrived pretty quickly. It was cool to see the chefs working on the pizzas right behind our table and I especially loved the tomato cans as stands. I could tell that this place had a personality to it and it was nice to get away from the typical University City restaurant scene. 
The pizza itself was delicious as expected. Thin-crust but still saucy and cheesy enough that I was able to fold it and really enjoy each slice. I didn't realize the smokey chicken meant that I was going to get thinly cut chicken breast slices instead of cubes/pieces which is more usual as a pizza topping. I would probably order something else knowing this now but the salsa verde still made the pizza really delicious. I'd come back here again.Their verde pizza is one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.  Ricotta, almonds and abs amazing pesto.There were five of us, one under the age of ten, who showed up late for dinner. It was worth the wait! Drinks, salads and pasta  all served by a staff that could not have been more pleasant or happy to see us! We sat outside under the bridge shadow and thoroughly enjoyed these delicious choices: cucumber and feta salad, (dressing out of this world fresh and lively,) arugula salad with mushrooms, caprese salad with buffalo mozzarella, goat cheese ravioli, black spaghetti with rock shrimp, riggotoni with fennel sausage and goat cheese brick oven pizza.
Only one question. Where has this place been all my life? Can't wait for a return visit!Went on wednesday for dinner with a friend. Turns out that its half price bottles of wine all night. Got a bottle of Torrontes and ordered the potatoes, octopus, and cipollini to share. 
The potatoes with bacon jam that were recommended by our server were delicious. But when we got the $14 octopus we were pretty disappointed by the serving size, very small for the price, but it was very good. The pizza was great and pretty big. For two people it was just the right amount of food.
Really great atmosphere as well. Definitely will be back soon for half price wine.We made a reservation to go here with our children on Sunday evening solely based on the high Yelp rating. Disappointing is an understatement. The $13-15 price for three bites of pasta is absolutely ridiculous. They stated that they were meant for tasting. In that case, either lower the price or provide a somewhat larger portion. We were flabbergasted! The food overall had a good flavor but was consistently over salted.The waitress was friendly but mostly stood over by the kitchen and chatted with her cohorts. Getting her to get us a check or for more water was impossible. Definitely not going here again.We went here to eat. Well I was a little disappointed. We had to order so much good. All portions were small. We ordered the meat and cheese to start. Then we had pasta dishes and we were still starving. We ordered two pizzas. I know what your all thinking but everything was so small. The waitress was very nice and the service was strange because it was always someone new coming over to us.  The place overall is clean. Check out the bathroom in the basement.$11 for 3, count 'em 3!  Ravioli's?  REALLY!?  small plate portions should not cost that much.  It amazes me how people will rave about a place, and not notice (or care) that they're being price gouged.  pizza wasnt that great either, and we had a couple rotten tomatoes on the salad.  there are many better options for Italian food than here.  But, as long as people are willing to pay, overpriced eateries will continue to get away with small portions and big prices.My husband and I stopped here durinh happy hour last friday and tried the Chefs special entree.  Our Cchef was Brian and omg the food was greeeeeeeaaaat! We ate til we couldnt eat anymore.  We will def be coming back.  Wow!The food came out fast, great ambiance for dinner and a very helpful waitress. I got the pepperoni pizza as it had high ratings and wasn't disappointed! My husband got the spicy ham (you can't split toppings so we got our own...leftovers:) which he said the toppings kept slipping off.
I would recommend. Fair prices, good service, tasty brick oven pizza.The small plate apps were very good.  Didn't expect this high quality food coming from a restaurant right off of Kelly drive.  The crab tortelloni was my favorite, I would go back just to eat more of them.
Prices are higher than expected but food quality was also higher than expected so I would say they are priced fairly.  We were so distracted by all of the small plate foods that we didn't even really try the pizzas.  I'm hearing good things on that end too so looking forward to my next meal at In Riva.This is the second time experiencing In Riva, but the first review. 
Went twice on one night so I was able to experience two aspects of the place. The first time was pre-game for an event we had at the Laurel Hill Cemetery. We stood at the bar. The bar itself is very small and I felt like I was crowding the people sitting at the high top table behind me. The bartender was very nice but could have used more knowledge of the beer selection. They didn't seem to know much about the style of the beer. 
The second time was after the event. We were running late and I called to let them know (we had reservations at 9) and they were very pleasant and accommodating. When we arrived we sat at a table. One of the first things you notice is the pizza oven with Pizza's constantly going in and out of it. So we had to order pizza and really it's the only thing I've ordered and all I can say is fantastic.  We split two pizza's and took the rest home. We got the Marcherita pizza with white anchovy. The anchovies weren't your typical little salty fish, no, they were large semi-salty fish and the pizza was delicious. The other pizza,which we liked alittle better was the Mushroom and Zucchini, really great mushroom taste. The waitress was very friendly and we enjoyed having her as our server, but again could use more knowledge of the bar.I love their pizza.  Everything we have tried there is really good.  Their food is so good, that InRiva hosted my baby shower last year and they were great.  I did not quite get their menu at first, but after visiting several times, I love it.
Must try!Happy hour until 7 is the big headline here. 
The pizza is delicious, fresh, and fast. Had some potatoes in a bacon jam, also delicious, but a little on the light side. 
The atmosphere is nice, everybody is VERY friendly. They will certainly have my business againThis place is a gem. We accidentaly stumbled upon this place while biking the fairmont trail nearby. We saw the deck area from the trail as well as the parked bike decor on the railings and thought it would be a great place for bikers to grab a drink. We were in for a surprise.
We sat on the deck and started off with some peronni's and a delicious kava infused cocktail. The service was outstanding. Because of the excellent service and menu presentation we decided to order some food. We decided on the Quattro formaggi pizza which is one of the best pizzas I've had in a while. Fresh ingredients and cooked perfectly. Thin crust style.
We were so pleased at the end that we decided to get the pistachio and chocolate cannolis for dessert. They were the best cannolis I have ever had. Highly recommended.
I will definitely be back and I will try the meat and cheese board next time. The group next to us ordered this and they seemed very happy with their order.
Keep up the great work In Riva!Food always good some of their waiters are poor.  I hate it when a waiter fails to keep your water and ice tea glasses with something in them.  I also hate that they clear your dishes while your still eating.  Leave me alone and let me eat.Just had a delicious (and VERY filling) lunch at In Riva.  Indoor and outdoor eating space with a view of the river.  They have a family-style type of menu with a number of small appetizers, salads, and then about 10 different types of gourmet pizzas.  It was perfect for a business lunch and was an enjoyable interactive meal.  
We started with the meat and cheese plate appetizer (choose your own meats and cheeses off of a selection of pairings) and had the prosciutto, salumi misti, prosecco, and sardo cheese.  The waitress did a fantastic job of explaining what each one's texture and taste would be.  We then all split the arugula and mushroom salad served in a house vinaigrette, followed by two pizzas: the broccoli misti and the prosciutto and arugula.  WOW..what a delicious experience. 
Definitely recommend this place.  Important to note, however, that if you are going all out, things add up and this place gets pricey.  You will also probably need a nap after they roll you out.  Still stuffed!I waited quite a while to try In Riva and I'll begin this review by saying it was worth the wait.
I waited to hear what others were saying. I read reviews, talked to friends who had been in the past, all comments were coming back positive.
Last night, on the occasion of my forty first birthday, I decided it was time to check it out for myself.
We arrived early, our reservation was for 8pm, but we were seated immediately.
We were seated right inside the door which was uncomfortably cold, but that isn't the fault of the staff or the establishment.
Our server immediately brought over a bowl of roasted chickpeas and pistachios which blew my mind. So much so that I'll be making them at home today to take to a Superbowl party tomorrow.
We ordered drinks, the beer selection wasn't great, but it had enough to satisfy. I ordered a caraffe of Bianco. Unusual for me, but it was quite good.
We started with an order of Crispy Artichokes from the Antipasti menu. They were piping hot and just bursting with flavor. The lemon yogurt that they were served over complemented them perfectly.
For our pasta course we shared the Pappardelle, Gnocchi and the Fiondette. All of which were very good, but the Gnocchi was the true standout here. I can truly see that it will wake me up at night, calling to me, begging me to come have it again and again.
We also ordered a pizza. I had a boss once who preached the word of Potato Pizza. He swore that on his many trips to Italy that potato pizza was a true Italian pizza.
I found this very strange, because the idea of a starch on a starch just seemed so redundant. Bullocks to that!
The Potato and Fontina pizza was just delicious. There is no other word to describe its absolute perfection. The crust was more like a freshly made Mediterranean style flatbread than a crust. Crispy, light and airy yet chewy all at the same time.
The toppings almost tasted like a twist on Au Grating potatoes. Sliced paper thin, peppered with prosciutto, leeks and fontina cheese. There was a balance there that I've only ever noticed in Thai food before.
A balance between earthy, salty, sweet and spicy all at the same time.
Each bite was a trip to heaven.
For desert we order the cannoli and the zeppole. Both were okay, not really epic, but okay.
All in all, I'd say In Riva is a win for the East Falls neighborhood, and a great place.
The portions appeared small for the price, but the quality was outstanding. Since I mentioned price, I have to ad that I don't think it was overpriced, I'm just not used to getting actual portion sized portions at a restaurant. They were the perfect size. Enough to be satiated, but not stuffed.Great appetizers, pizza, dessert and service.  In the moment, I felt like I was dining at the best restaurant in America.  The fried artichokes with lemon yogurt were unique and delicious. The spinach pizza with garlic and balsalmic onions was unlike any pie I've ever eaten.  The smoky, puffy, crisp crust was sooo good.  The zeppole for desert ruined any fond memories of amusement park funnel cake forever.  Can't wait to return!this place is a great replacement for Franco's before.  the location is perfect on the river and place like this has been needed in East Falls.  the Pizza is amazing, especially their Burrata and the green sangria is like no other!  saying that the only points off are for the lack of Pasta on the menu, i think it would make the options wider than just pizza for the frequent fliers of the restaurant.Spent a nice evening there with friends. The white sangria was goos and so was the (very small) portion of pea tortellini pasta. The appetizers we had, the crispy artichoke and the charcoal octopus were good but way tooooo salty. Same with the pizzas. The margarita was better than the burrata, but both we too salty.As an East Falls resident, I was excited to check out In Riva and was really hoping it would be as great as it seemed. Fortunately, it was. My meal there was fantastic. For starters, the ambiance of the place is really nice. Cool lighting setup, cute little bar at the front of the restaurant, and a big balcony outside that overlooks the Schuylkill and will be great in the spring. 
The meal started with a complimentary dish of toasted (i think?) nuts that was really tasty and a welcome alternative to the usual basket of bread. We ordered the spicy mussels, which came with a nice, buttery, crusty bread for dipping in the sauce. The sauce, while really tasty, was not really spicy -- my only complaint. 
Our main dish was the cippollini pizza: pancetta, brussel sprouts, goat cheese. An absolutely delicious mix of sweet, salty, and spicy. I loved it. The pizza had a nice char from the wood-fired oven but the crust still remained chewy. 
I do think the restaurant is still figuring itself out a bit. We were sitting at a bar overlooking the kitchen, and our server openly admitted to having a rough time serving us in that area. Also, they serve the pizza on top of a big can of tomatoes, which looks cool, but when the guy brought our pizza he said "watch out, the plate is really hot and unsteady." Not really the best combo; they might want to rethink that. 
However, neither of those things were really a deterrent for me and I will definitely be back. So happy In Riva is here!We had a great time chowing down at this little Italian/pizza joint. Be warned that while all of my friends tried their pizza and loved it, I did not partake. Also, there is technically parking available, but it gets filled up super quickly, so be prepared to wait awkwardly if you come during busy dinner time.
As a large group, we pretty much ordered all of the appetizers, including greco salad, the broccolini caesar salad, the roasted bronzino, crispy artichokes, meatball, chicken parm, asparagus, octopus, short ribs, and a multitude of pizzas including margherita, eggplant, mushroom and zucchii and cipolla. while I can't speak much about the pizza, but heard great things about the cipolla, I really enjoyed the two salads, especially the broccolini and the spicy chicken parm. The asparagus and artichokes were a bit too over-oiled or fried for my taste. The short ribs were decent but just also a bit too fatty. The octopus was a tad bit on the chewy side and given how much it cost with how little were on the plate, I'd likely not get it in the future. I think if you want to eat frugally, the pizza and salad combination is likely the way to go, as the antipasti can add up, but overall, it's a decent, but expensive little Italian joint.
Food: 3-4 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Price: 2-3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars4.5 stars for sure!  Puppies and pizzas makes my week.  The pizza crust is remarkable.Oh my goodness I'm in love with this place. My first time here and I'll certain be back! EVERYTHING I tried on the menu was amazing. From drinks to salad and apps to the main course. The staff was very attentive, we never had to ask for a refill. On top  of it they all seemed happy to be here and we're eager to answers any questions about the restaurant and make recommendations. I indulged in the outside seating and loved the riverside view. I couldn't write a negative in this review if I tried. Can't wait to visit again!! Thank you for the great service Nikki!!I have to say, this is the 1st review I have ever made for help, and I feel compelled to do so to save diners from getting ripped off the way I did. My girlfriend and I stopped by here on a Sunday night and were seated right away. Outside looked nice and was interesting being under the highway/road above us. Our server greeted us and asked if this was our first time here. We said yes and from that point it seemed like the scam was on. My gf ordered a glass a wine and he suggested getting a bottle because they offer it half off on Sunday. Seems like a great deal. So I ordered a margherita pizza(tasted good/ not great)and she ordered chicken meatballs. It was a bit cold and the sauce was runny.(and overpriced). So we get the bill and see the bottle was charged for 29 dollars. I ask him about this and he said the bottle costs 59 dollars! I am certainly not a wine know it all so I decided to check the average price of it. THE BOTTLE OF WINE THAT IN RIVA CHARGED US AND OTHER DINERS 58$$$ WAS 10$!!!!
Overall the outside does look nice but the food was mediocre at best and this place is a bunch of scammers. Factor in the smug beer bellied waiter we had and it makes this one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had....IF YOU DINE HERE CHECK THE AVERAGE COST OF WINE AND TELL THEM THEY'RE CHARGING 6 X THE COST. Hopefully this review will deter anybody from getting screwed the way I was.Great place to head to after a bike ride. Pizza was awesome! Whipped ricotta
was spectacular!Great place to sit outside have some beer and delicious  food. I've been here for brunch and dinner, everytime it's been amazing. They also have half off wine night, what could be better than that?I went back to In Riva this past week. I had group of friends visiting from out of state for Terrier Show in Philly and we needed to find a place to dine with our terriers! I had no clue In Riva had a doggy park with tables that are fully serviced by their waitstaff. It was GREAT!! Perfect enclosed area right next to restaurant. Service was excellent, she was super patient with us and our rambunctuous dogs. We ordered a selection of pizzas that were delicious. 
Highly recommend In Riva to people who want to dine and have fun with their dogs!This year old bi-product of the former Franco's Trattoria had it's work cut out for them.  Located on Ridge avenue, it can be easily missed with the busy traffic and multiple businesses clogging East Falls. 
When I first arrived, I had to tip toe my car past the crowded and small parking lot.  As I arrived at the front door with my friend, I noticed the outdoor dog park and benches.  Although a great idea, the first smell I had walking into this new establishment was pizza, grass, and dog shit.  
The interior can be easily mistaken for a high end Italian restaurant.  Everything was re-done from the old restaurant and definitely had a "Continental" feel for it.  
I headed out back where they recently added the outdoor patio.  Service was excellent as we never ran dry.  There was actually a Yelp-sponsored event where a handful of strangers formed mini-circles as they got to know each other like a speed-date event.  Eh, I'd do it for the free food and drinks.
The pizza wasn't bad.  Not sure how else to describe it.  I felt like the toppings were good, but the crush was soggy and I felt like I had to struggle keeping the cheese on the crust itself.  Wasn't the best, and wasn't the worst.  But at that point, I was feeling good from their beer, wine, and specialty drink list.  
The restaurant has a great location and it is definitely a good time, with a friend or a hot first date.  Be sure you have a pack a gum after eating the pizza to round 1st base at the end of the night.I really like In Riva! The atmosphere is great- especially if you can sit outside in the temperate months. As other reviewers have mentioned, the portion sizes are **really** small for what you get. Back when they had tortellini on the menu, I was shocked to be presented with approximately 8 little tortellinis in a bowl. Granted, they're some of the best pasta I've ever tasted, but damnit it was brunch and I was hungover and ready for a big bowl of pasta. Pizza definitely seems to be the way to go if you're looking for filling - and you could totally demolish one of those by yourself. You'll love the food but be prepared to order a lot of it!The food here is pretty delicious. The only thing I can complain about is the portion sizes... that seems to be more of an issue when we get take out, but maybe it is the illusion of the dishes when we dine in. And sometimes there is some inconsistency with the pizza thickness, since I always order a pizza, have noticed a couple of times! 
The whipped ricotta I do have to say is so delicious and despite the inconsistency of the thickness of the pizza, every pizza we have ever tried has been so good. The specialty cocktails are fun and I have enjoyed many of them. The salads are creative as well as the pastas. 
Love coming here! We will be back!I'll cut to the chase: In Riva may be one of the best restaurants in Philly that you've never heard of. I must have gone past it tens of times while driving down Kelly Drive, but I never thought to look up at the kind of nondescript, set-back building and realize it was actually a restaurant. We only tried In Riva after my brother-in-law raved about it, so we thought we'd give it a try with another couple. It was one of the best dinners out we had a long time.
In Riva's website says it specializes in Neopolitan-style wood-fired pizza and antipasti, which isn't entirely accurate because all their courses are equally delicious. I can't remember exactly what we ordered but it included some salumi and formaggi, pea soup, pork ribs, charred octopus, a trio of pastas and a mushroom and zucchini pizza. Everything was delectable. My favorite was the agnolotti with pea, shallot and truffle. It was the best pasta I've had in Philly (my favorite pasta is at L'Artusi in NY), though I hear Vetri's pasta is amazing. 
What makes In Riva so wonderful is that it is so unassuming. It has a casual, dark wood, industrial-feel interior that doesn't ring of pretense, yet the food rivals any of the best-known, heralded nouveau cuisine restaurants in Philly. In fact, the two meals I've had at In Riva have knocked the socks off the past two meals I had at Amada, which used to be my favorite Philly restaurant.
I just noticed Andrew B's negative review and understand that he thinks In Riva may be overpriced. I think because In Riva looks so casual, one would expect the price point to also be casual. I agree the pasta serving size could be bigger. I paid $11 for the agnolotti dish that I ate in a few bites and could have easily downed another order. But, truth be told, we shouldn't eat that much. The price reflects the quality, not quantity, of food.
Philadelphia Magazine recently published the top 50 restaurants in Philly issue, and I eagerly looked for In Riva's name to be listed. Not this year, but hopefully next. It's not to be missed.The three of us had a late lunch. Delicate, tasty eggs Benedict, could have been warmer, was enjoyed by Beverly. Alexander had a delicious personal crusty pizza with goat cheese and pesto with two slices to be brought home. I had perfectly woodfired asparagus with Parmesan cheese. One of our favorite restaurants.Great atmosphere and really well done brick over pizza. The dough was perfect and the toppings were delicious.  I also tried the beef tar tar. It was very tasty and high quality. I wish they had more specials for drinks though. Will return.For the price-which is not cheap for a pizzeria- this place falls far below average. Food was not very good. Also, I went during a time where there were only 3 groups of diners, and the staff out numbered us 2:1. However, it took forever for them to take my table's order, and to get my food, and drink, and did not even receive proper utensils to remove the hot pizza from the dish. 
The whole time the wait staff were chatting behind the barriers by the register. No respect for the individuals who are paying their wages. Idk how the owner isn't more on top of this. It makes your establishment look very bad.I always thought this place looked weird from the outside with all the spray painted signs so I reluctantly tried it after 2 years. Wow - I am so mad I missed out on this place for so long!!! The food was absolutely incredible. I was totally blown away. They had many vegetarian options and the service was great. I can't wait to go back.I've been to In Riva many times for lunch and dinner.  I like coming here more for lunch than dinner.  For dinner, I like a more intimate, dark atmosphere.  I've enjoyed a very diverse crowd every time I've frequented In Riva.  Whenever I'm here I have one of their  pizza's (they're all good) and a drink (the cocktails are phenomenal, and the beer selection). My favorite pizzas are the sausage with peppers and the margarita.  
 The location, atmosphere, and service are great. If you happen to be going into Center City or leaving...it's a welcomed break from the traffic (they have a free parking lot, which I have a love hate relationship with).  I've never had a problem finding parking, regardless. As for the small plates, salads, or the very popular pea soup...They are all either too salty, smokey, or both for my liking. I think It might be a good idea for In Riva to list which plates will complement each other, especially since you can pick three for a fixed price.  Overall, I'm a big fan.This is the go-to place of a friend and I can see why. We ordered the scallop app and the meatball app. Would have preferred one more of each in the serving, but probably because they were SO good. Our Margherita pizza was one of the best I've had. We opted not to drink on a school night (lol) so it kept the bill down. I look forward to going back and sitting on the patio next time.We had a less than stellar experience tonight. We came in for a birthday dinner and I called earlier in the afternoon to see whether they did anything special. They don't, which is fine, but the response I got wasn't the warmest and it's hard to imagine that a birthday dessert is an unusual request. They told me it was "acceptable" for us to bring our own cake. So I don't think I'll keep this place in mind for future celebrations.
Unfortunately our server spilled an entire drink on one of our party members almost immediately after they arrived. It could happen to anyone. It wasn't that big of a deal, although, I'm sure it wasn't very comfortable for him. Everyone dealt with it. The manager made a point to come over and tell us it was our server's first night. We all blew it over- no big deal. I was disappointed at the end of the night, though, to see that nothing at all had been comped to make up for the inconvenience and discomfort. We were a large enough party that there was a substantial check and not even a single cocktail or cup of coffee was spared from the tabulation. 
As for the actual meal- the food was great but it all came out at exactly the same time. We ordered the whipped ricotta vassi, which is an amazing opener, but within minutes of its arrival the pizza came..and then two salads..and then the antipasti and the pasta- all within a span of 5 minutes. Our table was crowded, we felt like they were rushing us out the door, and we couldn't savor the different courses of our meals. To me that was the worst part of the meal (though to our wet friend perhaps that seemed less offensive). The remainder of the service was slow and clunky.
All in all I was really disappointed by a place that I have really enjoyed in the past. We can all appreciate a few mistakes here or there or the bumps in the road that might come with training a new person. She was otherwise a friendly server and was doing well for her first night. But she could have used more guidance and it might have been nice to give a more seasoned server to a large party that made a reservation and made it clear we were celebrating a birthday. 
Food is good but I was very disappointed by the service.This place is an f-ing joke!  The food tastes good but the small portions are ridiculous.  You could spend $100 per person just to feel like you ate an entire meal.  I like tapas and I like the idea of tasting plates, but this restaurant needs to rethink itself.  It's in East Falls not Rittenhouse square and the ambiance is not good enough to justify the the prices.  Its a great restaurant if you want to waste your money and feel like a chump.Thoroughly happy customer that has been frequenting In Riva for years now. It is by far our favorite restaurant, we make it a point to head there at least a couple times a month. Their pizza specials during the week are too good to pass up, service and beer menu is always on point. And perfect ambiance on top of that. This will be my greatest heartbreak when we inevitably move from the Manayunk/East Falls area!I've noticed this place on my way back into the city multiple times down Kelly and when a friend and I went on a nice mid day bike ride along the river looking for something for lunch what better oppurtunity to try it!!
The location is optimal. It's along Kelly right by the river but not too much traffic noise or congestion. The indoor setting was a bit dull and cold but the outdoor dining was perfect. Great views of the river and runners, especially perfect for people watching which I do quite enjoy.
We started with the tomato conserva and oh my goodness it was absolutely amazing. I'd recommend it as a started to anyone. It's a savory, full, salty, onion filled Italian salsa with perfectly toasty bread to spread it on. Then we worked on the kale borrata salad which was a perfect sharing size for 2. The dressing was light and lemony and the burrata  (creamy mozzarella) was to die for. I want to bathe in it!! 
We finished off with a basic Margarita pizza which ended up being my least favorite. The crust was chared abit too much for me and the pizza itself was very soft and smooshy. VERY difficult to use hands I had to eat it was a fork to keep it from falling apart. 
Overall the service was good, food came out quickly however they never refilled our water glasses and it was a pretty warm day out. I would definitely go back though for a nice lunch and go at some more of those salads.They claim to be open until 11:00 on Friday's. Came tonight at 10:25 and the door was locked, hostess shrugged and mouthed they were closed. This early on a Friday!? Horrible business practice. I've been coming here at least twice a month after dinner in the city. So annoyed by this occurrence- I will not be back!!I've gone here three times now and it does not disappoint. 
It's a sure great location by bike or car. The trail directly connect to it. 
The outside dog area is an awesome idea and perfectly executed. Especially for people like me who don't like leaving their mutt at home! 
My two favorite dishes are the meatballs and the broccoli César salad.Very pleasant dining, particularly on the outdoor deck overlooking the Schuylkill and its busy adjacent sidewalks. Did not try the pizzas, but they looked and smelled good as they went by. A broccolini salad was a generous portion, with long shavings of Parmigiano and prosciutto. Some bread accompanying it would've been nice. The famous meatballs were...different, with a veal-tomato sauce and pine nuts; very good, but some bread accompanying it would've been nice. At $11, though, for three average-size meatballs? I thought that was a bit high. A sea scallop appetizer was quite good also, but at $15 for just two scallops, that was a bit high. Some bread accompanying it would've been nice. A small dollop of spaghetti with rock shrimp and a two cooked slices of cappacolle (gobagool?) in a spicy tomato and squid ink sauce looked disgusting on the plate, but was delicious. At $14 for such a small portion, I thought it was, as they say in the trade, a bit high, and some bread accompanying it would've been nice, to mop up the sauce.
If someone else is paying, you'll love In Riva.
All employees were efficient and most kind indeed. Hopefully one of them will think, "Hey! We  know how to make great pizza crust! Why don't we roll some into loaf shapes and make bread to slice for the patrons' delicious appetizers and entrees? They'll say we're nice!"Something I wish I had known prior to arriving here (which is super helpful to know) is that the non-pizza items here are somewhat tapas style. So that being said, this place ends up being somewhat pricier than you would think. We ended up ordering about 10 different ~$15 plates and 1 pizza for 4 people. We weren't planning on spending that much when initially looking at the menu online, but still glad we came because everything was amazing!
I drove by this place a million times on my commute along Kelly drive, and finally decided to give this place a try. I must say, everything was better than I expected it to be! We needed to order some veggie options so I reluctantly agreed to getting the pea ravioli... which actually blew my mind! Salads are fresh, flavors are incredible, and textures of all pasta and meat are perfect. You can pretty much order anything on the menu here and you will be happy... Even I, the meat lover, who also had to eat a vegan pizza that night, left more than satisified.Ok so I went to this place several months ago, maybe January? And can't believe I haven't left a review yet. To be honest I don't remember the exact name of my dish but it was some type of truffle bucatini. There are no words. Just incredible. In full disclosure I'm a sucker for truffle anything, and pasta, so this was kind of a no brainer. Can't wait to go back now that it's nice out!Have been living in East Falls for a few months now and I've driven past In Riva more times then I can count. Finally got a chance to try it out for Happy Hour on a Friday. Never can complain about $3 Drafts and a nice selection of food. Very authentic, Italian menu. We got wood fire pizzas that were extremely well made and had great crust. Liked the ambience both indoor and outdoor.Awesome place for dinner on the patio. Great place to watch the Manayunk bike race. The meat and cheese pairing is always a good choice.great food, but the waiter kept staring at my gf. good job, creep-o.We drove a distance and had high expectations and they were all met or exceeded. The wait staff was truly great. Our waitress really cared that we had a good experience and was patient and knowledgeable. Her recommendations were excellent. The food was top notch starting with the addictive chick peas and pistachios that were brought out to munch on as we looked over the menu. We started with a  nice assortment of the Salumi and Formaggi and it was delicious complimented with a honey dipping sauce as well as a spicy sauce.   The Pepperonata and Riva chopped salad were recommendations that also were great. The Aggrodolce ribs and Mommy's meatballs were unique in that the sauces that accompanied them were very different and not at all like what you would expect. No plain tomato sauce here but a deep tasty wine sauce of some kind .Our Cippolini pizza was one of the best pizza's we have ever eaten. The brussels sprouts were cooked so well every kid would love them and the crust was charred just enough to be tender and delicious in the center. All in all a terrific meal and atmosphere.In Riva was perfect for a dinner and movie date night! We went to a 10:45 movie and sat at dinner at 8:30 and it was perfect timing. The food came slow enough but not too slow so that we could enjoy each course. 
Now onto the food: we had the whipped ricotta, the beet salad, and the Greca pizza. Everything was amazing. I think the beet salad was my favorite - it was just perfectly refreshing for the weather. The mascarpone cheese was a perfect touch to the fresh beets and fresh strawberries. The pizza was exactly how I like it - perfectly crisp and thin. I wish we were able to stay for dessert.
Our waitress was also great and very attentive. I cannot wait to go back!This place has quickly become our regular spot. The ricotta cheese, rosemary potatoes, and beets salad are just delightful!!
Aside from being a little too salty... Everything is good. The ambiance, the service, the charm.... :)Great pizza, good beer, fantastic outdoor deck, lovely staff, dog dining area.... Can't fault this place. I'm now a regular.In Riva is conveniently located off of Kelly Drive near the falls bridge. We came here around 7pm for dinner and drinks. We heard they have a great happy hour but were too late this time. 
The food came out promptly and was delicious. We tried the margarita pizza, the edamame crab ravioli and the meatballs. All were great and sharing was a great choice so we could sample everything. We also has their signature drink the Riva Spritz which was really refreshing for a summer night. We sat at the bar which was really busy---they had one person making drinks for the bar and the entire restaurant.  Our server was very friendly despite being noticeably busy. Would definitely return to try more menu items.I hosted a pizza making party for my clients a few weeks ago and I gotta say, it was one of the coolest things I've done in a while.  The staff was beyond amazing with educating my group on the ins & outs of making perfect pizza dough, along tutoring us on the science of toppings and pairing our entire experience with wonderful flights of wine (almost bottomless glasses!), it impressed everyone that attended.  I can't wait to come back and have the pizza again, it was amazing.  Every side dish and appetizer we were served was better than the last.  The employees took pictures of our party while we were crafting our masterpieces and I got to spend more time with my clients.  Overall, A+++ evening.  Can't wait to come in the spring/summer and sit on the back patio.  Bonus?  They have a side patio for our four legged friends!Great Atmosphere and food! Must try the whipped ricotta its fabulous! Their pizzas are delightful and fresh! They also have a great selection of beer! I highly recommend this restaurant, it also has a great view of Kelly Drive!Very good. The great place to get some bottled talian beers you haven't seen before. The pizza was awesome as well. And Dawn the bartender really knew her stuff and very friendly as well.Won't be going here again. Came in for an early dinner with my boyfriend and was ignored by the staff for 10 minutes despite having no other customers. When we were eventually seated, our waitress was rude and chose to socialize with other staff members rather than be attentive to her tables. Besides the poor customer service, the price was too high for the portion and quality of food (my boyfriend and myself both had pasta). I was very disappointed by my experience.Even thought this is one of my favorite places, I only gave it 4 stars because of the snotty, entitled, elitist attitudes of the staff.  The first time I went, I did not realize it was such a yuppy place.  I was dressed casually in khakis and a t-shirt.  The hostesses looked at me and literally told me I did not belong there.  Since my date really wanted to try the place, I flashed my money clip and after some discussion ($$), they seated us.  I often see them give other customers the brush off.  To be sure, the patrons have a very generic look, as if everyone just stepped out of a Scandinavian fashion catalog.  They could use a little more diversity/individuality.  The bartenders and waitstaff also seem very moody.  If not shouting at each other, they are complaining to you about how much their day sucks and how underpaid/overworked/underappreciated they are.  I actually had one say to me that if she got anything less than 35% tip (hint, hint), she wouldn't be able to afford the $500 purse she needed to go out with her friends that weekend and her life would be over.  Oh no!  Oddly enough, there always seems to be 1 table of obnoxious frat-boy types making a riotous scene.  And there always seems to be the same creepy old beer-gut guy loitering by the bathrooms gawking/hitting on the women.  I am guessing he is either the owner or related to the owner because no customer like that would get past the hostesses.  Despite all this, the delicious food and drinks and the view of a nice quaint little corner of East Falls are what bring me back repeatedly.  If only the people inside could be swapped out for more appropriate ones...Food is really smashing! The best pizza i have ever had on this side of the pond. Casual and a lot of fun!I biked 30+ minutes (one way) on the schuykill river trail from center city to try this place and was all sorts of hangry when we arrived. We locked up our bikes in the gravel lot just outside the restaurant (super cute and convenient) and took a seat under an umbrella on the outdoor deck. This space is seriously perfect for a nice dinner on a breezy summer night! 
We ordered the spicy chicken parm and the mushroom zucchini pizza with truffle oil (per the waitress's suggestion), and some 21st amendment: hell or high watermelon - my current favorite summer beer! The pizza crust was super doughy and pillowy but still thin, and the mushroom and truffle oil were rich and flavorful. Maybe a tad on the salty side, but negligible considering how yummy it was! But the chicken parm was unlike anything I've ever had before. This isn't just your average joe breaded cutlet with tomato sauce and cheese. First off, there's no bread. But I promise you won't even miss it. It's a giant portion of crispy fried thigh+leg meat in a skillet, covered in this awesome chunky tomato salsa and smothered in mozzarella. I'm salivating just thinking about it. Hands down one of the best meals I've had all summer, and super affordable! Most of the menu is under $15. Can't wait to come back here to try everything else on their menu!Loved the fried Chickpees.  I ate at least four bowls before the food came.  Good pizza and loved the salads also.  Our waitress was patient yet funny.  The evening was beautiful so we sat on the wonderful patio.  Plenty of outside seating and fairly quiet.  Plenty of free parking.  I thought the prices were reasonable.  I would say it was one of our better meals while visiting Philly.Because our week started sort of crappy, some family & friends & I decided to treat ourselves to In Riva on Saturday 3/16 (despite the snow/sleet/rain concoction that flared up as soon as we got on the road). Thank goodness the great food made the semi-treacherous drive worthwhile.
We started with the Salumi (cannot recall which 3 we selected!) which was pretty tasty, especially the little pickled pearl onions.  We also tried the Pepperonata which was FABULOUS, the Crispy Chicken Wings (I didn't try but my mates said they were good) and the Mommy's Meatballs.  Everyone ordered pizza as the entree.  Two of us had the Polpette Diavolo - Excellent, one had the Pepperoni (again, cannot recall if there was another name to it) - Delicious, and one had the Potato and Gorgonzola.  Oh my goodness.  That could have quite possibly been the best pizza I've ever tasted.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, Art (chef) is a doll and Toni (hostess/manager) could not have been sweeter.  Our server (I think her name is Jenny) was knowledgable, friendly, and attentive without hovering or smothering.
We are DEFINITELY giving In Riva another visit in the not too distant future.Went for brunch this past Sunday and I was definitely impressed, Crab Gravy was A1. Food is outstanding and service was great! Fun environment and decent draft selection. I will definitely come back and recommend this place to anyone looking for a spot in East Falls/Manayunk area.Tried this place with a guy from work while on a business trip in Philly. I love pizza, but I've decided I'm not really into the trendy/upscale pizza places like this. To be fair, when I found this place online I didn't know that it was this style of pizza place or else I would not have checked it out. We have places like this where I live in California and it's just not my thing. I will give it to them that their restaurant is a cool spot. I really liked the outdoor patio. It was also cool how one of the regulars that we were sitting next to gave us the clue to use a "code word" with the waiter and when I did I was told that they had 3 pies that were 1/2 price with mentioning that word. My friend and I both picked one of those pizzas. I ordered the broccoli pizza and didn't care for it at all because they broccoli had a strange chemical-like taste. Once I took the broccoli off, it was decent, but still not amazing. My friend ordered a different type, which I tried and I will say his was better, but still not my favorite. Overall, some people may be into this place, so still give it a shot.I typically only write Yelp reviews when the experience is something to warned about, so consider this a warning.  My boyfriend, his brother and I tried out In Riva last night. As a precursor, the restaurant was not terribly busy, so the issues we had were not a result of an overtaxed staff or kitchen.  If our first mistake was choosing In Riva to have dinner, our second mistake was deciding to sit at the bar.  We sat down at the bar and waited, and waited, and waited until the bartender finally acknowledged out presence with a half-hearted apology about making us wait.  All three of us ordered both appetizers and entrees.  While it was obvious that were were all dining together, the kitchen decided that we should all get our food at different times.  My boyfriend ordered the pea soup, which came out first.  About five minutes later his brother's octopus arrived, and yet another five minutes later my meatballs finally arrived.  My boyfriend and his brother were both finished with their appetizers before mine arrived at the bar.  This ritual of staggering dishes and service was repeated when our entrees came out - again my boyfriend's ravioli arrived first, his brother's rigatoni followed several minutes later and my pizza arrived last and when the pasta's were nearly completely consumed.  This kind of service is unacceptable as it makes the dining experience awkward for all the members of the party.  However, no one at In Riva found this to be at all problematic, and it seemed to par for the course.  
The food in and of itself was good, however, it was nothing extraordinary and was WAY overpriced.  While the prices themselves were not terrible, the portions for the appetizers and the entrees were small ($10 for three meatballs and $12 for three vegetable ravioli?!?!)
Lastly, the service from the bartender was the worst service I have had in a  long time.  Not only were we sitting at the bar for a while before she greeted us or took even a drink order, she also specialized in disappearing from the bar for long stretches of time or alternately forgot that she was working and spent her time socializing with a friend of hers rather than taking care of customers.  Her disappearing act occurred at all times when our food arrived, which relieved her of her burden of making sure our food arrived and whether we needed anything.  Further, after we finished, we again waited, and waited, and waited for the check.  The bartender was completely out of the restaurant chatting with the same friend that took all her attention while she was at the bar.  Even after she came back from her adventure with her friend, we had to ask for the check at least twice before it was provided.  It was clear that the last thing that the bartender wanted to do was her job.  
Bottom line, there are many pizza/pasta restaurants in this city that will be getting my business from here on out, and I recommend that others do the same.I don't know where to start with my compliments.   I've never had a bad experience at this resturaunt.   The food is great!   I could eat the grilled octopus for days.Went here for lunch today and really was not impressed with the food or the service.  Pizza is way too salty and burned for my taste. My husband and I used to come here when they first opened and of course the service was great. Service has started to decline significantly.  Today we waited forever for our food, never got our waters refilled, and had to wait 20 min to get our check while our waitress chit chatted with another waiter in the corner.  Come on In Riva, you can do better!interesting cocktails but wish they put more selections on the menu. I really like the pizza sauce. I wish they lowered the prices a bit and that their appetizers weren't so tiny. must haves: the pizzas, special cocktails, artichoke appetizers, and the seafood appetizersWe have been to In Riva several times and genuinely enjoy the food and vibe. Yet, their service is well-below par. Last night, my party of five was seated approximately 45 minutes after our confirmed reservation time. Ordinarily, I would not bother to write a comment but their approach bothered me. After calling the day before to confirm my reservation and repeat my preference to sit outside, I thought we would be ok. Unfortunately, as soon as we arrived, we were treated as if there was no reservation or request. After being told, repeatedly, that the table would be ready in minutes, the hostess never delivered on her word. We ended up having a good meal and a nice evening but there is no excuse for failing to honor your commitment to your customers. Weak sauce.Great food and atmosphere! First, I love that this place has a place for our dogs. When the weather is nice in Philly, this is a great spot. Second, the food was amazing! I loved "mothers meatballs" and the pepperoni pizza was amazing! I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly.Lovely atmosphere with beautiful outside seating and great food. My mom and sister enjoy their broccolini caesar salad and love their their pepperoni pizza because it is loaded with pepperoni. For dessert, they loved the assortment of cannolis. They also have a puppy park on the side where you can bring your dog and eat! They will bring water for your dog as well. We love this place!Been here at least 5 times now and it's consistently terrific.  They execute the simple well, from the pleasant and well-coordinated server staff to the pizza and little plates full of flavor.  
I've tried a lot on the menu and some of my favorites are the tartare venezianna (served in these hearty-sized mason jars with crusty baquette slices) and the spicy ham pizza.  I have not tried the pepperonata but everyone raves about it so I will report back! Other pizza favorites are the Cippolini and the Pepperoni. 
Sangrias as tasty, I know because I became a favorite of our server on my last visit and had carafes of all three: red, white and green. (Don't judge me, it was a rough work week.)  The red was my fav and the green was different but better suited for one refreshing glass. 
The atmosphere is what I love most. The juxtaposition of the plants and potted flowers surrounding the outside tables with the bridge towering directly above and the whiz of the cars and bikes zipping by on Kelly Drive...(sigh.) It makes this city girl happy. 
A few small but noteworthy perks: crunchy chick pea/pistachio mixture toasted up and served in little bowls upon arrival. 
Little bar but fun to sit at if you are in the mood for a quick drink, or three. They do have happy hour, so keep that in mind as you East Fallers are deciding between the the two other places you know you fall back on. :)
Bathrooms are clean! Go downstairs and on your way you'll see a huge subway car window displayed. Pretty cool. 
Decor keeps your eyes wandering. Bike race and bike photos everywhere. 
Good for groups (including kids...I've witnessed servers taking good care of big families) and solid place for a date.
Parking lot. Enough said. 
A excellent addition to the neighborhood and worth the trip if you aren't lucky enough to live a summer stroll away.I came back again on a cold Tuesday for lunch. There was two other tables eating lunch at the time. The hostess was nowhere to be seen. After waiting couple of minutes, we eventually decided to sit ourselves and hope that someone would come. The waitress finally showed up. We ordered pizza and a whipped ricotta. 
My boyfriend loved the pizza per usual. It's amazing that it was 18 dollars, which is a tad bit absurd. I love the whipped ricotta. I bring my own gluten free cracker and it ends up being a delicious fatty gluten free meal for me.
I was frustrated again my the lack of service. We both had empty water. She came by and we asked for water. We were finished (15 odd minutes later) before she brought the water. The check was another service battle. She brought the check, and after another 10 minutes of not returning for the card. I went into the kitchen area to find here.
It wasn't a busy day so I am confused by the lack of service. If you are buying gourmet pizzas and higher end drink. I would expect a different level of service. Maybe it was just an off day but I was disappointed because this didn't match my previous experiences.Absolutely love this place! The service is awesome, the outdoor deck is great in nice weather and the food is fantastic and very reasonable. LOVE the veal meatballs. Area for dogs and bikes!This place is excellent.   My cousin brought us here while we were visiting from Miami.  OMG great food.  We got a bunch of items and shared everything.I'm not sure what is made to order or pre-made or made in house. They were unable to make anything for me that was slightly altered for allergies. Almost any Italian restaurant I have been too, is able to make the sauce without an ingredient for me. The inside atmosphere is pleasant.Fantastic location, friendly service, and great food. The outdoor deck has a beautiful view under the bridge over the river, and it feels like you're in the city yet not in the city. They have a spacious parking lot, although it happened to be full when we came. We ordered a meat and cheese plate to start, and three pizzas, all of which were delicious. They had a decent selection of drinks, and I just love the way the deck was set up. I would definitely return. We brought two small children, and they were very accommodating and our server was very friendly but not overbearing or annoying.I brought my friend from Florida here. The places there, where I lived for 18 years, are really fabulous so I really wanted to take her somewhere great. Couldn't think of a more wonderful place!! The food is eclectic and unusual. If you go, get the whipped ricotta with a hint of rosemary and crispy fried onions. And the pork belly and the cheese and salumi and.....Well I could go on and on!
There used to be a drink on the menu, Wild turkey, fresh lemonaide with a sprig of fresh thyme, that wasn't there this time. Our server was sweet enough to go into the kitchen, get some thyme and have the bar tender make it up. Thank you!
Sadly, the wonderful mussels we've had before were no longer on the menu! Uggggh!! 
Gadds...bring those mussles back!
PS They have this WONDERFUL little place for dogs (and maybe harnessed kittys) and pizza outside! Adorable!YAY for a great new spot in East Falls!  Went here with no expectations and left a huge fan.  The food is outstanding - get the meatballs.  I was also surprised when one of the cocktails from the menu came out to the table - huge and blue.  How fun!  The service was excellent (forgive me, I can't remember the male server's name).  Decor is apropos for East Falls and charming overall.  Parking is easy and convenient as well.  It's on the pricier side for this neighborhood but manageable by my standards. Very, very excited for patio sessions this spring.We went here for "Brunch" with friends and were not disappointed.  It had somewhat limited traditional brunch menu (ie fancy omlettes, french toast or frittatas..etc) but the items they did have were amazing in flavor.  Some examples of items were a Breakfast Pizza--eggs, panchetta, potatoes and onions; Salmon pizza - Salmon,capers, creme fresh; omlette  of the day; and fried eggs.  In addition to excellent food their cocktail option were delicious and diverse.  I had a parini  (Captain Morgan, pear liquor and nutmeg) and my friend had a bruini  (Uncle Val's gin, eldaflower, and limes )---both very tasty!  The service was great and gave us a lot of "inside tips" that promote us to come back (Kudos in regards to self promotion).  Parking on site, which is a blessing in that area.  An area entitled "Puppies and Pizza" where you can eat outside with you dog and another called "Bikes and Beer"...SO COOL AND INNOVATIVE!  I wish them a lot of success and hope to go back soon.Not a bad thing to say about this place. Good beer, better food, and awesome decor. Will be back over and over again.I really wanted to like this place! Super hip ambiance but poor execution with the food and subpar service. Pizza was undercooked. Not sure how you mess up pizza to be honest...perhaps they were having an off night. My friend said her cocktail was good so it wasn't a complete failure. These elite members raving about this place are clearly sipping that kool-aid!YUM. We love In Riva. The pizza is delicious and probably the best thing to order. The pastas are good too but smaller. Same with the appetizers.
Good beer selection and great atmosphere. Kid friendly too. Right on the bike trail, so you can bike up if you want.Love, love, love the pizza!  Salad is awesome as well as the octopus.  Hip atmosphere.  Great for out of town guests.The food is well known for being the best Italian around.  This place is just a cool setup with lots of seating space.  Good for families with little ones.Food was really good. I had the short rib antipasti and the broccolini caesar salad. It was delicious. Server was very nice. Parking was horrible.I absolutely LOVE this place. My husband and I went on a rainy Sunday so it was pretty empty, we sat at the bar and the bartender was  friendly and attentive without hovering constantly, given that we were her only customers.  I got the pea soup which was presented to me by pouring the liquid portion over the dry making for a  beautiful display.  It was also insanely delicious.  My  husband got the meatballs which were so moist and perfectly seasoned.  We then shared the spicy ham pizza which was served on a empty number 10 can fitting the quaint, shabby chic decor.  The crust was amazing, coal fired for crispy outside while still being chewy, just the way we like it.  The cheese and ham made for perfect toppings, the jalapeños were a bit much for me but my husband loved them.  I can't believe we waited so long to try this place, it will definitely be a regular of our now.This is an amazing place to stop on a long run or bike ride.  It has outdoor seating and lots of bike rack space.  The servers were very friendly, knowledgeable about the food, and liked to chat about biking and running.  If you are seated on the deck, there is a great view of the river and trail so you can watch everyone going by while sipping on a beer or  while grabbing lunch.  We stopped in during a long bike ride and just ordered a pizza.  We ordered the Sausage and Peppers pizza and added pepperoni.  It was delicious!  The crust was perfect; crisp and crunchy but not burnt.  The sauce is tomato based and was fresh - not out of a can.  They are generous with toppings and it was overall very tasty.  I will definitely be going back to this place.Always looking to try new restaurants outside of Center City. Really liked In Riva. Pizza was good; loved the charred octopus, but probably the best thing we had was the fried artichokes. Loved the variety on the menu - wasn't just pizza or just pasta. I agree with other reviewers that it might be a tad pricey for what it is, but the quality of food was excellent.I was pleasantly surprised.  My friends and I were looking for a place to eat in the area and we came across this place.  We ordered the marguarita pizza, a beet salad, and maybe one other dish (can't remember what it was).  It made for a good, quick mealThe food here is pretty good. We ordered a lot of food to try just about everything on the menu. The fresh ricotta was very watery, kind of gross actually. The broccoli I caeser was amazing. Everything else we ordered was good. The service is a bit lacking. Our waitress wasn't very attentive...party of 6 and the restaurant wasn't that busy. They were incredibly staffed, but it felt like the restaurant doesn't operate very well. Also, the food runner seriously would throw the food down on the table. It was awkward and the food often slid down the table.Yum.  Food was a little saltier than I would make for myself, but absolutely delicious.  We had their pizza, WAY too many of their "ceci (garbanzo) bean snacks," and a tapenade that was out of this world.  Great beer as well.  Can't wait to hang out here more in the summer!An awesome addition to the area. First of all the hostess had no problem seating us far from a person we didn't want to run into, she was really cool about it when we had to b-line another direction. Our server was excellent and really good at explaining the menu since the it's hard to judge the first time you go there if you are ordering too much or too little. The octopus is amazing, the tuna appetizer is ok (lacked a little texture but tasty), we had the arugula & mushroom salad that would have been perfect but it had very little dressing if any. We had tried two different pizzas and one was the polpette and it was delicious, the mushroom and zucchini pizza had too much truffle oil that was over kill. It's new and needs to work put couple kinks with the food but overall we had a great dinner with very good service. Also we found out that you can dine with your dog in a special patio area. That is another reason we will definitely go back!Right when we first started going to In Riva, I felt a little like I was cheating on Pizzeria Stella, which was where my pizza allegiance lay.  Now, I'm like, "Tartuffo who?"  In Riva is fantastic - terrific service, great atmosphere and damn good food.  The servers and bartenders here are friendly and knowledgeable, ready with suggestions for newbies and definitions for mysterious menu items like "finocchiona" and "scamorza" (both very yummy things, as we've discovered).  Beer, wine and cocktails are competitively priced and offer a tailored selection that still has something for everyone.
This has become an absolute favorite spot for us, one where we bring family and friends (you can bring your dog too - there's a special dog-friendly area).  I'm totally addicted to the fried artichokes and their tangy dipping sauce.  The pizzas are delicious - puffy, chewy crust and high quality toppings.  We've almost made our whole way through the Pizza Passport (try one of each different pizza and get a $25 gift certificate).  The Cippolini and Burrata pizzas are among our favorites, and we were pleasantly surprised at how much we loved the Romana, a sophisticated take on anchovy pizza.  Don't skip the salads though - the burrata salad is perfection with its creamy cheese and salty olive specs, and the arugula mushroom salad is perfect for sharing.
We've only been here for dinner (either outside on their lovely deck or at the bar), but we can't wait to try out Sunday brunch.Simply amazing!  Loved In Riva!!! We had the beef tartar as an appetizer and a rock shrimp dish and lamb dish for entrees.  Everything was superb.  Great service! Parking lot! Can't wait to visit again! Definitely an East Falls gem!Love this place! Great atmosphere for a casual, trendy Italian meal. Pizza is top notch and salads are fresh, delicious, and unique. Wide beer selection. Great view of the river. This an excellent place for a first date or a family meal. Service is excellent. Appeals to both the adventurous and the not so adventurous palate!Problem with seating,the host was not attentive but the manager was nice and gave us a round of drinks. We might give them a second chance since our waiter was so friendlyl and of course very refreshing cocktails!!! The pizza was excellent.Delicious thin crust wood fired pizza, with many topping options. The pepperoni was especially good!   At $13-$16 per pizza, the prices are very reasonable for a night out.  Outdoor patio is a great place for dinner on a summer night. Will return!Great location and has free on site parking, which is a major plus.  Wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  Loved the bruschetta and sausage and pepper pizza.  We sat outside with our one year old who enjoyed the scenery while we enjoyed our food.  Relaxed but upscale.  We'll definitely be back.Absolutely adore this place! Incredible pasta and the whipped ricotta is incredible. Every time one of my friends from out of town comes to stay with me I take them here for dinner or lunch. We always sit outside. Sometimes I go alone before work to sit and read a book and I always get the tortellini. Great service too!I recently discovered InRiva and I cannot say enough good things about this place. Reservations are recommended as they get very busy. Upon sitting down you will receive a small bowl of their chickpea & pistachio crunch (not the official name i just made it up :)) it's the perfect bar snack, its crunchy and spicy the perfect snack to make you drink, and keep drinking. 
We've ordered the chef's tasting menu so we were able to really get a feel of the cuisine. I really like the olive oil potatoes which are served with a bacon jam and some kind of creamy goodness.  The buffalo pork belly is a must try, so is InRiva's take on bruschetta (I'm a fan of the whipped ricotta, fig and bacon version) the meat balls and Lamb sausage are also pretty good.  
They make great pizza, and the drinks are creative and delicious.  We like the Vona & Vivianni.
Must try this place!!!!!Great pizza and AMAZING small plates/tapas. So happy to find Sam Smith's organic cider here. But I'm taking off a star because this place is just way too expensive. Small plates run about $15 each. Had two small plates which were super delicious and a hard cider. With tax and tip the bill came to almost $50 (for one person and for so little food) which is a bit ridiculous. Frustrating because I would love to eat here more often. But at these prices, I really cant afford to. I could buy super expensive steaks and lobsters at the grocery store for this kind of money. The only way it's affordable is to split a pizza and a small plate and forgo alcohol. Also wish they offered a few entree sized pasta dishes. I know in Italy, the pasta course is always a small portion but I don't care, I want more. They offer three small plates of pasta for $36. With tax and tip that's about $42...yikes.It's been a long time since I've left a restaurant feeling such euphoria and enthusiasm. In Riva has been on my list for a while to try. Usually there's a certain level of hype that goes along with anything I've put on a "to-try" list. A lot of times lately, I've left a little disappointed. Not today!  And not to sound trite, it seriously was love at first bite. 
A casual lunch meeting brought me to In Riva today. My group of three sat outside on the deck overlooking Kelly Drive. It was sunny but there was a nice breeze in the air. The view of drive was simply picturesque. If this wasn't a work meeting I would have been all over the photos! 
We started with the Burrata & Kale salad for the table. Aside from burrata and kale, as the same suggests, it also had pecorino and hazelnut. It was large and beautifully plated. It was fresh, crisp and oh so enjoyable. It was the perfect size for sharing as an appetizer as well. 
I went with the Bianco Verde pie which just automatically made its way to the TOP of my gourmet pizza list. It consisted of goat cheese, pesto and garlic almond. The crust was light and flaky. Not too doughy but not too crisp. I don't throw around the word perfect too much when describing an actual item of food, but it was perfect. The ingredients were balanced proportionally and the execution went off without a hitch. Between the salad and knowing I have dinner plans for the evening, I called it after 3 slices and had the other 3 boxed to go home. Otherwise, I probably would have stuffed myself silly and made a scene going for every last crumb. 
**Next day cold, leftovers update. The pizza is still amazing but in a different way (that only cold pizza could be). After having the flavors chill out together overnight, the spices really have popped. I can really taste the rosemary that wasn't as noticeable yesterday. Yea, I'm in love. I'll need to go back soon. 
The service was great too. For a casual spot during a business lunch, our server gave us an appropriate amount of attention. She was there when we needed her, checked on us at the right times and kept the dining process moving along. 
I couldn't even make it off the block before taking a picture of my leftovers. Moments after the photo, I was on the phone with my mom telling her about it. I went back to the office and showed several coworker my leftovers. I haven't even digested properly before writing this review! 
I'm in love. I want to shout it from the rooftops what an amazing experience I had! This was one of the best gourmet pies I've ever had and the atmosphere was chill to boot. I cannot wait to return!Had to try it after reading all the great reviews..Went on a Sunday night. Service was nice and friendly.. Had the grilled octopus appetizer and the pepperoni pizza.. The food was delicious, the portions I found small and the the pricing was a bit high for the area.. The interior was rustic and nice and the outdoor patio looked beautiful for warm weather dining.. Had a taste of the gnocchi also and it was very good too..I don't understand why this place isn't on every best restaurant list. Every time we come here InRiva exceeds our expectations. From rustic pizzas to fun drinks and excellent entrees. Creative twists on classic Italian in an eclectic decor building. I used to joke that this was a hipster place and that my lack of beard made me feel out of place but even the unhip middle aged guy I am feels welcomed and well fed. This has become our standard pre theater and concert dinner stop. I think it will remain that place for a long time. Delicious!!!Excellent little spot next to the river. A good pit stop if riding a bike down the river. The staff is great and the food options are delicious.Stopped in at In Riva after a visit to Wissahickon with my pup.  Overall, the food was good, but a little bit on the expensive side.  We had a pesto pizza and salad of cucumbers with feta, which were both very good.  The cheapest pizza is around $13, which is a bit too high in my opinion.  
The best part of In Riva is that they have a separate area designated for people dining with their dogs.  Because it is fenced off, you can let your pup run off leash while you eat.  I like the concept, although I wouldn't trust my 8 month old puppy on the loose around other diners.   Also, if you dine outside, it's not really that nice of a view-- there is way too much traffic.
Although I wasn't blown away by In Riva, I will definitely give it another shot-- especially if I'm out in the area with my pooch in tow.Gorgeous location and great atmosphere. The waitress was not as attentive and we had to look for her quite often either for water or to order. We orders pizza and I felt like the pizza was super salty, not sure why.... I just couldn't finish itI live in this area and I have seen this location go through different make-overs, but it seems that In Riva is sticking and staying & why you may ask - because the Food and Service are Top Notch!!  It's a great place to check out when you can sit outside and take advantage of the scenery on Kelly Drive.  The food is tasty and the Pizza's are one of the best items on the menu.  They are cooked in a wood fire oven.  The have good beer on tap and the wine offerings are pretty good as well.  The speciality cocktails are named after cyclists...nice touch.
The staff are friendly and courteous and I like the prompt attention of the servers and the knowledge of the menu items.  
My Tip:  Happy Hour is cool and 1/2 off beers.East Falls is definitely one area that probably gets overlooked for awesome food. However, there's one outpost in particular that is truly, epically, wonderful: In Riva. 
In Riva's mastermind, Arthur Cavaliere, was at Amada, El Vez, and Parc before heading to East Falls and opening his own gem, which is half Philadelphia greatness and half Naopli-inspired deliciousness. The pizzas here are out of control delicious--flavorful crusts and wonderful toppings combine to make excellent pies. 
The cocktails are really refreshing and change seasonally. The antipasti offerings are also great--the whipped ricotta is a guaranteed crowd-pleaser thanks to caramelized onions, sweet ricotta, and buttered crusty bread. The spring pea soup is also incredible! A great place for elevated pizza take out (it reheats beautifully) and an even better place to go with friends and/or family. Casual atmosphere with exceptional offerings!!Their pizza is good but it could be better if they did not burn it.  This is my second visit and because I don't go often, I forget to tell them not to burn it.  Their other dishes are generally good.  Service is excellent.My family has been going here for years and I've never given them the review they deserve. The zucchini mushroom pizza is to die for. (God bless the delicious truffle oil on it) The whipped ricotta is another favorite (ask for extra bread!) They usually have a seasonal pizza or pasta dish that is always worth trying, I have yet to have anything disappointing here. They have a refreshing drink variety as well.Friendly staff (do pick up too!)...delicious food from every part of the menu, never disappointed.  A little pricey,  but appropriate for the quality cuisine. Must try!Ehhhhhh food was ok. TINY portions. There was literally five normal size tortellini on the plate. 5.I've been to In Riva 4-5 times and would love to go more often. After my visit yesterday I was reminded of why I don't go regularly! Chairs at both the bar and dining room are extremely uncomfortable. They were out of 2 wines I wanted to try, which is pretty ridiculous for such a small wine list. The $12/glass super Tuscan was good though! I would have liked to see more Italian wines at an Italian restaurant. The octopus was excellent, though entirely too expensive for the teeny tiny portion. Ordered the brussels pizza and it was tasty, though it gave me a horrible stomachache. Probably just too rich for me, but I've had the same experience with the truffle and ham pizzas here. Similar wood fired pizzas are $12 downtown, so charging $16 in East Falls is a little silly to me. Price points are far to expensive for the area; easily $150 for 2 people having a drink and splitting apps and a pizza.    Further, the service has always been unfriendly in my experiences. This could be a great spot but the value is poor.In Riva was my favorite late night summer spot. The patio is the best part but I went back a free nights ago and sat inside. Pizza is definitely always on point!I've been to In Riva a few times now, mostly because I can't get enough of their artichokes in lemon yogurt and tapenade appetizer. Beyond that, I've also tried a few of their pasta dishes -- all full of flavour and well presented, even if the small portion sizes are not comparable to the steep price tags. Pizza is also very good here, though I wish they would bring back the sausage and caramelized onion pizza that I had on my first visit, since that was by far the best I've had there.
The location of In Riva is in a bit of a strange place (between Ridge and Kelly Dr). Having said that, they've got an outstanding deck with a view of the river, and it's a wonderful way to spend a relaxing dinner with a beer and some good food. It's also not too hard to get a table during dinner rush, which is nice if you are looking to drop in at the last minute.wonderful service and food!  We had the pepperonata, wild mushroom and the cippolini.  
Everything was outstanding and I can't wait to go back!  The only issues I had were the uncomfortable bar seats and the music could of been a tad bit louder.  I would definitely recommend to anyone.  It is worth the drive if you don't live in the area.I dropped into this place for lunch because of the reviews. They specialize in small plates and have a good variety of options. I'm a sucker for Neapolitan pizza so I went for their Cippolini on the bartenders recommendation and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere was pretty casual and it stayed quite busy throughout the lunch hour. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.Incredible food with incredible service.  It is not a typical pizzeria.  They serve tapas sized dishes and pizzas with the ingredients already chosen.  Everything was incredible -  the cheeses, smoked meats, pork, and the Romana pizza.  And the staff was very friendly.  No wonder they're crowded!  A festive way to eat!We went here on a Saturday night before our concert at The Mann.   Parking is extremely tight and the lot is hard to maneuver.  It was a nice night and we opted to sit outside.   We started with the whipped ricotta and the pepperonata.  Both were served in mason jars with crusty Italian bread.  Very good and would recommend.  I choose the gnocchi but substituted the lamb and olive from the gemelli dish.   It was somewhat salty and a little greasy. My friend had the bucatini which she said was delicious.  I had the pear cider which was very refreshing.   My friend had two celli cocktails.  Our waitress told us that all the pasta is homemade daily.  Decent restaurant, close to The Mann.This place is great, good food, good atmosphere. We went on a Saturday evening close to closing time and were given a table right away. We ordered a few appetizers such as the fried squid, pea soup and a salad, all of which were very good. The only minus was that the portions were pretty small. The pizza was heavenly as always, I definitely recommend the truffle mushroom pizza!Great location as it overlooks the river.   Had the mushroom/truffle pizza, beet salad and spareribs all of which were above average.  It is a great place to unwind/have a drink on a lazy Sunday afternoonI would probably have rated this higher, had I been with a crowd of 6 or more, and shared a bunch of dishes.  As It happened, I stopped in with only my wife, and frankly, as a "reasonable lunch" there is not anything on the menu that provides better value than many other options in nearby Manayunk (where we could not find parking on a beautiful September Saturday.) There IS plenty of parking at In Riva.  The "Industrial" design is nicely done, and the river view tables (indoor or out) are a treat.  The menu, though (all in mostly unfamiliar Italian) shows very adventuresome "outside the box" preparations.  I wen for pork ribs, which arrived long-braised, in a sauce that tasted like sweetened hoisin with a touch of anise.  Three decent sized ribs were served on a small butcher block.  They were topped with crispy grated pear and crushed pistachios.   I could not fault them on inventiveness.  Braised pork ribs, though, tenderize the meat and cartilage roughly the same amount, so it was difficult not to take a big bite of gelatinous  inediblemness that needed to tactfully b removed from mouth to plate.  
Wife had pizza (seemed like the house specialty) and her cippolini / goat cheese / pancetta combo was interesting.  As many have noted, despite having a technique that puts beautiful "leopard spots" on the crust, the bottom was doughy and just not crisp enough to support the toppings.  Service was friendly and knowledgeable, and a Peroni draft for four bucks was fairly priced (they don't seem to be really BAR oriented.)
There is no bread served, and salads / bruschetta were over 10 bucks, so you prett much get you entree (antipasti) and that's it.  Great for the Atkins crowd, but no what suburban Philly folks are used to.  Therefore, as a "heavy hors d'oeuvres" happy hour joint, the place would rock.   For lunch at a deuce, not so much.I went back to In Riva in early November and was so SO glad I gave them another shot. We sat at the pizza bar in the back and were greeted with kind and thoughtful service the entire night. I went to Italy over the summer and I can honestly say this is the best pizza I have had since. It's fantastic! We shared the margherita and the cippolini- both amazing. I actually left a comment on the suggestion card saying that I was glad that I gave them another shot and the owner's sister came over to talk to me while we were sitting at the bar after eating. She was so nice and appreciative of my comments. I highly recommend this restaurant. Would love to host a party here!This place is consistently good. A gem in east falls. Great outdoor seating in the summer, yard where you can take your dog with you to dine. Awesome cocktails. Free delicious chickpea snacks, and really good happy hour specials. They are doing it right.Visited while in town for an interview and it did not disappoint! The food was very creative, but also reliably delicious. When we asked about where they sourced one ingredient in a dish, they offered to print out the recipe and even gave us free ingredients to make it with! 
Will definitely come back here if I am in town again, and will check out the same owner restaurants in Ann Arbor (Mani Osteria and Isalita) if I get a chance when back in Michigan!Awesome awesome place! Went here with a group of 5 catching up on some lost times. We were able to snag a round table which was awesome to talk to everyone rather than one of those large long tables where you can really only talk to whoever is next to you. 
The pizza is bomb but the chicken parm was also a favorite at our table. All of their beers are very interesting and rotate out a lot. They also have cheese plates with charcuterie so I'll definitely have to be back to try that out
Since its pretty cold currently we didn't opt for the outdoor seating but from the inside, it looks awesome! I would love to come here for a sunday brunch one day in the spring and people watch kelly drive runners. 
Our table was conveniently placed right in front of a huge chalkboard so we asked our waitress if she had chalk and she was very happy that we asked. Apparently no one does haha. We played a couple games of tic tac toe while settling out our bill and then headed out. 
Their happy hour only goes until 6 though :( what a bummerCute place, loved the decor. Pizza reminded me of tacconelli's as far as the texture and crust which I really liked. The pizza overall was good I still prefer tacconelli's though. I didn't like the rose on the happy menu but the Prosecco on the regular menu was really good. I didn't like the grilled octopus that much, it was okay. 
Service was okay nothing special. The bathroom area it's actually very cute and clean as well as the outside patio. So happy the dog section is separated. 
Overall It's cute and clean I just wish they had more menu options I'll probably be back but I'm not pressed to return.Really delicious small plates and salads. The service was ok, but not great. The noise was challenging (it seems management has increased capacity without considering the noise and staffing considerations so much). The pasta was delicious. The tasting menus seems like a good option, and I will try it on. A return visit.I recommend this place to everyone.  I love the outdoor seating and the fenced in dog-friendly area is great, too!  The pizza is amazing - great sauce and perfect crust.  The arugula and mushroom salad is so good.  I've tried some of the pasta dishes - never disappointed.  I just wish that either the portions were a bit bigger or the prices a bit lower.Good Italian food. The waitress was really nice. They also have great view along Kelly Drive.I'm not sure why I've waited so long to comment on In Riva, but today seemed like a good day since I was on Yelp looking something up and suddenly started dreaming of this place. This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. The only thing I hate about it is that it's far from me.
The pizza is probably my favorite of all time, the pasta is homemade and you can tell, the drinks are delicious, the small plates are to-die-for and the menu changes often to keep things interesting (though I've never been there without ordering the octopus- In Riva, if you are reading this PLEASE NEVER TAKE IT OFF THE MENU). 
I think the one thing people will complain about is the pricing, but honestly, it's Philadelphia so you're going to get an $10 cocktail, sorry, and the place has a good location on the river with outdoor seating and the food is so damn good I'd be worried if it were cheaper. I can't even give a recommendation for a dish to order because you literally cannot go wrong.One of our favorite go-to's as we live nearby but we would go the distance for this place.  Food is amazing and eclectic.  We love getting the 3 or 5 course tasting menu for dinner and letting the chef make our picks - we have never been let down.  We have booked holiday dinners with friends and double dates here - everyone we bring raves about it.  The decor and setting are also so perfect with a beautiful view of the river.  Patio seating is awesome when the weather is nice.  Sunday brunch is so good here - we would come for the eggs and polenta dish anytime, it was our favorite breakfast dish in Philadelphia - we would usually order seconds of it.  I guess it's seasonal, though, because we missed it today.  Music is a little loud at times, but not a deal breaker in any way.I went here for a date night with my boyfriend this Friday and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. We started off with the Greek salad, which was delicious and had the perfect amount of dressing on it. We then had the spicy chicken parm which wasn't my favorite thing because it was chicken on the bone with sauce and mozzarella. My boyfriend however really liked it. We then had the gemelli which was a heavier dish, with braised lamb that was cooked perfectly. And we finished off our meal with a classic margarita pizza, which was delicious, soft and the mozzarella on it was so fresh. My two favorite items were definitely the Greek salad and the pizza. The portions are smaller but definitely good for sharing a bunch of menu items. Best Italian food in the area in my opinion and definitely worth trying!My girlfriend and I made reservations for a Saturday night to celebrate Valentine's Day at In Riva. The reservation process was very simple, which I used the Open Table app, and the restaurant had a table ready for the time we reserved.
Overall, the food was very good - we ordered the pepperonata, tartare veneziana, crispy artichokes, charred octopus, king crab ravioli, and truffle mushroom seared scallops. While the serving sizes are small plates, each plate was well seasoned and prepared as expected. None of the food disappointed, but I would highly recommend the charred octopus and seared scallops as both of these dishes were amazing. The wine selection seemed reasonable to accompany  a dinner menu, but can quickly add up ordering per glass so I suggest ordering a bottle.
The ambiance and decor of the restaurant was appealing, but the staff uniforms felt a bit too relaxed. However, all of the staff seemed very friendly and attentive, which made the evening very enjoyable. 
My one annoyance with the restaurants location is parking since the parking lot for the restaurant is fairly small and street parking can be limited. Parking can be found, but I suggest considering a taxi/Uber/bicyle/etc to avoid the parking snafu all together.
Overall, I would return again - I think next time will be for some pizza instead of the vast number of small plates.This is the best pizza in Philly in my opinion. The crust is rustic Italian style- delicious and chewy, but the flavor combos are insane (in a good way)... please bring back chili pepper crab it was my favorite!! The zucchini truffle pizza is a close second. Salads are even delicious though not as exciting as the pizzas.Great pizza and atmosphere!  Personable waitress who recommended the mushroom and zucchini pizza which was delicious!   Fried artichoke appetizer and woopie  pie dessert were just ok.I'm not sure why people think this place is so great. It's definitely better than Olive Garden, but not nearly as great as a lot of places in Philadelphia (Gran Caffe Dell Aquila, Giorgio's on Pine, Nomad Pizza). I've tried this place a few times because of the convenience, but honestly just drive the extra 15 minutes to a place that is actually delicious, not conveniently ok.Food and Service is excellent.  I take every guest who visits me here!!!  The best part of this location is the people who work here.  I have been known to dabble in one person dinner parties at the bar.  Every time i am greeted with a smile and great conversation.  Will continue to come back!Pizza was burnt. This place is overrated. Don't believe the yelp reviews. Over priced everything, from the beers, food, dessert. Waiter was chill, that was the only good thing. Never again.I went to In Riva with a group of friends. I really like the location and the space. The outdoor seating and bar are great! I ordered the margherita  pizza for dinner. It was ok. The crust was a bit salty. The restaurant had a decent selection of vegetarian options but most were not served with tomato sauce. I just have a preference for tomato sauce on pizza so I was a little disappointed. Another thing to note is the restaurant does not "alter" pizzas for your special order since they are confident in the recipes. I thought this was a bit arrogant especially since my pizza was not especially tasty. I also tried the Burratta....ummm...it was ok, but I would not order it again. Overall, I think it's a great option if you are in the area but I would not got out of my way to eat here.On our way to rock climbing, my friend from Italy and I happened to stop across the street from In Riva and the name caught his eye so we decided to go there for lunch instead of my usually Indian restaurant that I go to when I'm in the area. This was an excellent choice because the service, atmosphere and food were all phenomenal. As a cyclist I was definitely enjoying the cycling photos and other decorations which adorned the inside and outside of the restaurant. Everything we ordered was delicious and we had such an enjoyable lunch we ended up staying for a couple hours and not having time to rock climb! I highly recommend checking out In Riva if you're in the area.My husband and I dined at In Riva around 3:30 on Saturday with another couple. They have a dinner menu that includes cheeses/meats, salads, crostinis with different spreads, small plates, pizzas, and entrees. I chose pea soup, and the burrata pizza. The pea soup was a beautful bright green color, and they poured it into my bowl at the table. It was fresh and delicious, but a little too salty. The burrata pizza was delicious! It had cauliflower, golden raisins, pine nuts, and capers on it. Sounds weird, but it was soooo good! My husband had the meatballs and the olive oil potatoes. He really liked the meatballs. I tasted them, and they tasted pretty standard to me. The olive oil potatoes were really good. Whole potatoes, a bit squished and fried, served with a chive dipping sauce. I used the sauce on my pizza crust too! The only thing I didn't like about this place was the price. Pretty expensive for the amount of food you get for some of the menu items. 
The other couple split the pepperonata appetizer, a pepperoni pizza, and a spicy ham pizza. It seems like they enjoyed it all. The pepperoni pizza had TONS of pepperoni on it. The spicy ham had raw jalapeños on it, and they took most of them off because it was too spicy. 
They have a good alcohol selection. I had the viviano cocktail, which was a peach cocktail. Light and refreshing!
Overall, I would definitely recommend this restaurant!We were in the area for an event and decided to pop in, having heard nothing about the place. We're so glad we did! 
Our server was also the bartender and he made sure we needed not a single thing. He was patient and helpful. We had a few beers some non alcoholic drinks and a cocktail. 
We got the beet feta salad, the artichokes and the chicken parm to share. The artichokes were ok but everything else was so SO delicious!! We got 2 brick oven pizzas and seabass for the entrees. Everyone loved their pizza. The seabass had a super strong smell to it, very fishy and although I love fish, I don't love a strong fishy taste. I took one bite and wasn't a fan and the smell put off the rest of the group from trying it. Our server noticed and asked if he could bring something else. I super appreciated that! I won't send food back except under extreme cases, but he insisted and so I just got a 2nd beet salad since I liked the 1st one so well. 
The ambiance is really nice, the service was great all around, from the hostess to the bartender/waiter to the runners who dropped off our food. We're not in the area much, but next time we are, we will be stopping in again for sure.Passed this place a dozen times but just stopped here because it was convenient. It is a really nice place. Prices are good and a great specialty pizza selection will bring me back with a group. 
Keep up the good work Inriva!This is an adventurous spot on the river, especially for carb-craving runners and bikers, forging through Kelly Drive.  A bonus is that they invite four-legged friends into their outdoor dining area.  I thought the burrata and kale salad was superb, but the oversalty margherita pizza was dressed with hard pieces of mozzarella cheese.  I'm certain there are more hits than misses on their menu, so I recommend In Riva to those in the area.Just left inriva and honestly it's always amazing. Food is fresh, great atmosphere, and even better customer service. It's always a great experience every time we come in. We had Stephanie as a server and she always treats us well. Definitely recommend this place to everyoneWe had a great dinner at In Riva last night. We had the calamari and the meatballs to start--both awesome, especially the sauce that came with the calamari. Then the quattro formaggi pizza, which was stellar. I've never had anything like it--the marinated tomato topping was a standout. The gelato was great, too. Excellent service, cool ambiance. Really nice to have this in the area. 
The only negative? My espresso tasted like a couple tablespoons of black drip coffee.
Nice that they have a selection of Italian craft beers, too. We thought that everything was tasty and well-prepared.
Very glad to have this place in East Falls.I love In Riva and am a frequent patron on their half price pizza Tuesdays.  But also try their appetizers, salads (the string bean, feta, mint, and mixed lettuces is sublime) and some of their tasty cocktails.  As far as pizza, it is wood fired with an eclectic combination of toppings which change every season.  Their zucchini and mushroom with truffle oil has fortunately remained through the four years I have been eating at In Riva.  My only suggestion would be to add a few, hmmm..., what shall I call it?  Normal entrees?  Boring entrees?  I have gone there with some people who would like just a plain old burger or something that they have grown up with.  Me?  I love the new taste sensations there.  
They also sponsor a local bicycle racing team so you will see cyclists here frequently.  Watch out; they are a rowdy crew.My husband and I love In Riva and have been coming to the restaurant for years. We normally have a fantastic experience but this time was a little off. 
I decided to bring a friend coming into town taking a break from her practice/relaxing and excited for the experience. (Not to mention my husband and myself telling her she would not be disappointed) 
The food was great, per usual. The issue was with the service. When we first arrived I explained that we needed to have a pizza to go for my husband who did not attend with us. The response we got was "Sure. I'll make sure to put that in last so it's nice and hot for you. The pizzas cook quickly". Perfect. 
Continue to order and realize that she never got to try the chick peas that are complimentary but delicious. No big deal. It's chickpeas.
Come to the end of the meal, I ask about the togo pizza. The response was "Oh. The kitchens leaving now" Super frustrating considering I was told the order would be placed at the beginning of the meal. Not please remind me at the end of the meal, nothing. But even more frustrating to be treated like we waited until the last minute to place an order when this was the first thing mentioned.  Had there been some sense of accountability the situation would have been alleviated. It got busy, anything. Instead the server just avoided the table, not wanting to deal with us anymore. 
Will we stop going? No! The food is awesome, as are the drinks. Seriously! nothings a bad choice. The server just had a lackadaisical attitude towards us and it was "eh" on that end. Every other experience here has been outstanding otherwise. (And I'll remind the server if we order to go again and I need to go food. Just to make sure we're on the same page)I had heard about this place from a friend and wanted to try it. We went on a rainy day which probably helped because otherwise it would have been very crowded. The beet salad was amazing and the maragite pizza was great. I would totally go back to try others.Very awesome setting, loved the vibe. Pizza was a little too coal fired, emphasis on the COAL. Burnt. Burnt. Burnt. Good drinks, good prices.This place is the end all-be all for little neighborhood restaurants.  Whenever we go we're greeted like old friends; the hostesses, servers, and managers are all friendly, knowledgeable, and welcoming time and time again (we've been here about a dozen times in the past 8 months).  Things you must try when coming here: the charcuterie, steak tartare, pork belly, spicy mussels, PEA SOUP(!!!! couldn't be more serious about this, and I'm not the biggest pea fan; but oh my god this is heavenly!!!), beef cheeks, and any pizza they put in front of you.  Honestly, this place can do no wrong in my book.  When we have friends that come in to visit, they're immediately whisked away to In Riva for the best dinner they've likely had all month.  If it were possible to give ten stars, I would.  The best nights to go are when they do half price wine or pizza if you're looking for a deal.  Can't wait to go back ASAPMore great food...this time we tried the Romano pizza (peppers, green olives and anchovies). It was delicious but surprisingly came without cheese and with very cold anchovies. But it was still delicious and something different. The main reason for my update is the EXCELLENT service. I just want to say that Jen was absolutely fantastic. Excellent server...we hope to get her again for our future visits!I can't say enough good things about In Riva! On our trip to Philly this summer we were looking for dog friendly places and hit the jackpot with In Riva. The food is great - we especially loved trying the 3 pastas for $35. The best part was that our dog was able to be off leash running around while we ate at our own private picnic table. The waiters were so helpful and we especially loved that they gave our pup some love!Came here last summer and I need to get back ASAP. The ambiance was amazing as well as the food. Small plates- get the meat balls. They're incredible. There is an outside area which is perfect on a summer night. I went on either a Tuesday or Wednesday and they had half price bottles of wine. Cant beat that.I would keep noticing this little gem but didn't venture there for a year. After I was told by my son's friend's mom that it's quite kid friendly we finally dined there. We got there early (around 5:40) which was perfect and sat outside. You get a great view of the river. It just felt like a very romantic spot (even with the munchkin)! I had the octopus appetizer and hubby had the short ribs. For the main course we got the Gnudi and Lamb ragu dish. Our son got the Quattro Fommagi. Everything was amazing! Dessert was cannoli. It was good but not quite as good as the rest of the meal. Highly recommend this place - although, it is a bit of a splurge!Great spot! Casual atmosphere with exceptional dishes and pizza.  My girlfriend and I pull off a dinner for 2  in the $40 to $70 range depending on drinks.  Sadly, booze costs.  Food here is great.  Glad to see this place is being more recognized for their outstanding products and great service.  Not so stoked that i will have to be needing reservations on the regular.  Damn you philly Inquirer. 
Go here, try everything because you can't go wrong.  From a table for two to a farm table that can handle a large party they can accommodate.  Awesome waterfront outdoor seating on the patio when the weather complies. Plenty of parking.
Go to meal:
 Insalata-Beet Panzanella or Burrata Caprese.  
Antipasti- Pepperonata.  
Pizza- Margherita add prosciutto. 
But, come on. Everything is great at In Riva.Hands down, the best pizza that I've had in Philadelphia since moving here.
That is all.I had an interesting experience here. The food itself was delicious, but my experience made me conflicted on their sanitary standards.
First off, I noticed something weird in my water. Originally my SO thought maybe a lemon seed, but upon further investigation it was actually a bug. Not just a small bug, a big grasshopper looking insect.
Okay fine, simple mistake. Poured it out and talked to a different waiter for a new glass of water. In the meantime, I was investigating my silverware and found that my fork a had a bunch of nasty cheese still on it from the last person who used it...great.
Then me and my SO got water refills. Towards the end of our lunch, I noticed something weird in my water again. Oh great, it was LITERALLY the legs of an insect...so I my SO checked hers, and guess what...more insect legs in hers.
That was absolutely disgusting. We will not be back here.Don't let the description "Italian, pizza" fool you.  This is no pizza or cheap Italian joint.  We have eaten here some 6-8 times. I think we have sampled everything on the menu and haven't been disapointed yet.  The vasi are particularly yummy.  My absolute fav dish on the menu is the calamari. The arugula pizza is really really good.  The waitstaff is friendly and attentive and helpful in suggesting dishes and wine. Great beer list too. Sit outside if you can--it is very pleasant.Definitely less than stellar experience. We were seated in the bar area, which was ridden with at least 50 or more fruit flies, so we relocated to a different section. We were already turned off from the restaurant, but decided to stick it out. Food was nothing exceptional. Ordered pizza and pasta, but the dishes did not come out at the same time. Pizza crust was gummy, pasta was fine but a very small serving. Service was fine, but this place has some major sanitary issues.Always great food!  Cocktails on point.  Beat pizza around when you can no longer get pizza beddia!  Never had a bad meal.  And those crispy chicpeas are wonderful when they make a fresh batch.Very good restaurant.  Food was well prepared and tasted well.  The wine was from Italy and was delicious.  Very good value, although pricy for the quantity of food and drink.  I'd go again.Went here with 2 friends that lived nearby and had some great pizza.  We started off with the riva chopped salad and it was one of the better salads I've had in awhile.  Next, we tried 3 pizzas -margherita, wild mushroom, and burrata.  The wild mushroom was my favorite - the truffles made it taste great.  I also had a great Italian wheat beer - Stone R.  It was first Italian craft beer and I'll have to try more.  I'll definitely try this place again when I'm back in the area.I have been eating food prepared by this chef, Arthur Cavalier, for a long time. He served delicious entrees at Parc, and Al Vez to name a few. I have been waiting to see his name billed at the opening of a restaurant here in Philly for years now.
  Tonight the wait is over. In Riva is going to be the new hot spot in East Falls.
------------------------------------
------------------------------------
------------------------------------
Well I was right. In Riva is officially a hot spot. I personally love everything I have had. The atmosphere is laid back and the food is rockin'. I highly recommend trying it all. My personal favorite is the Vasi. Mason jars filled with pure deliciousness served with delectable toasted bread.  Slather it on and await a flavor explosion. I love them all so picking just one to talk about would be unfair.
I have had no fear when recommending In Riva to everyone I speak to about food. And they have all loved it. I have been in so many times that I have tried the entire menu at this point several times and have to say....Yum!Everything was delicious. You know it's good when my one year old son devoured the homemade spaghetti (he's a picky eater). The cocktails were made well, the grilled octopus was on point, the brick oven pizza was amazing and the rosemary ricotta with bread was yummy!  Can't wait until we come here again...and they're pet friendly so my fur baby can enjoy dinner with us (always a plus).Friends and I have dined here twice--a late lunch during the Manayunk Bike Race and lunch on a Friday. Both times everyone has walked away impressed.  
Incredibly well done establishment: a casual environment that is attentive to every detail. Pizza is amazing. Bread and spreads are amazing. Drinks are amazing. Service is great!! Looking forward to dinning here on a more regular basis.Decided to try it out based on all the glowing Yelp reviews.  We were a little leery about the visual and the location, but once you find a place to park, all the rest fades away.  Very cool, trendy place with a creative menu.  Really wanted to try the tasting menu (because we've never done that), but the server wisely dissuaded us because we were with our 2 young kids. and he explained that  it would have taken close to 2 hours. There is no way they would have sat that long. We really appreciated his honesty.  I settled on the cheese and meat platter (the La Tur was AMAZING) and Garganelli pasta.  Each selection was explained in detail by the extremely knowledgeable waiter.  My husband tried the chicken wings and the caprese salad and the boys had some wood fired pizza.  All of the food was delicious!  I hope we are in the area again because it is a great date night restaurant and we want to try that tasting.I am such a huge fan of this place. Having recently had a baby, I love that this place can straddle the divide between grown-up date restaurant and family-friendly lunch spot. We've visited for both sorts of occasions: dinner with friends on a Saturday night (sans baby), and lunch with the family on a weekend afternoon. Every time, the food has been A+, and the ambiance was perfect -- special/fun/high energy in the evening, and low-key/family friendly in the day time. I love the variety of small plates, and the pastas and pizzas are excellent. On a semi-recent visit, we had the pea agnolotti, which was to die for. Highly recommended!Love, love, love this casual spot. Great drinks, great pizza, friendly service, AND 1/2 price wine bottles on Sunday. Comfortable indoor & outdoor seating. 
Looking forward to our next visit.
6/23/18 UPDATE
Celebrated a friends birthday here lat week and everything was fantastic!!After all the very postive reviews, we were quite disappointed in our meal at In Riva. The service was attentive, but the food was clearly below expectations. The meatballs were unremarkable and while the pizza topping  (sausage) was excellent, the crust was soggy and tasted like a piece of undercooked pita bread! I am not sure if I will return.Love the pizze here -- they are perfectly crispy and chewy all at once, and rich and flavorful too.  The antipasti are all fun little dishes -- the whipped ricotta is OMG good!  So creamy and savory with just the hint of sweetness.  
It's also a great place to people-watch - you can sit out on the deck and watch the bikes roll by (and often stop!) and bring your dog along, and enjoy the hip vibe of East Falls.  
The only problem is that the portions for the cost are a little on the small side.  But it's worth it every once in a while!Excellent food. We always get the mushroom salad. I crave it. You cannot go wrong with the pizza. Sit inside for a romantic setting or outside for casual summer dining. Never disappointed with this place.Went there for one of the yelp meetings. Its just 2 blocks away from me which is very convenient. But as Italian restaurant I would expect more. Its so many Italian restaurants and if you are not good you are out of my list. This place didn't wow me. But because its close I would definitely stop by for a dinner or lunch sometimes. 
They have a sits outside which is huge plus. Oven pizza wasn't bad but also wasn't great. Just average. When I looked at the menu its little overpriced for that area.