I had high hopes for this place - I work right across the street and would pass by at lunch and look and the setting of the fire pits, ping pong table and shuffle board.  I thought - cool - fun place.  
Finally - I asked a friend to meet me after work.  First - too many young folks and tourists - so hence the ridiculous markup on drinks and below average food.  I know it's an outdoor setting, but the beer and water were warm - not a good start!!  
It went downhill from there with the food being just "ok".  I wouldn't return, nor would I recommend until they improve the menu and offer more daily specials.i really thought the beer garden was gonna be at the field of where the liberty bell is lol but nope it's set up in the empty space between 2 bulidings~  still works!
seems like everybody was enjoying themselves.  we saw a lot of people going in and out... we also realized that it's VERY easy to just dine and dash haha .. i'm not encouraging this though lol 
we ordered their specialty cocktails and some munchies~ the cheese curd really hit the spot!! my steak frites was also delicious!! for $14, it's hard to beat!  but i will comment on that even though it was well seasoned and grilled nicely, the quality of the steak was lacking... so don't expect prime rib quality or a porterhouse--- however, if you're hungry and just want something to munch on, it's definitely not a bad choice!  also, the fries that accompanied it were sooo tasty!  nothing less from Michael Schulson lol
so if you haven't checked it out yet this summer~ definitely worth a shot!I was disappointed with the service when I visited here on Saturday evening. I ordered a beer on nitro and it was served with 90 percent foam. I asked the bartender, and she responded indignantly that "it will settle." When the beer settled 20 minutes later it was warm, flat, and about 3/4 full. To top it off, the beer was listed as $6 (apparently pre-tax) on the menu but rang up as $7. With better beer gardens in town that can actually handle pouring what they have on tap, I would not recommend this place to anyone.IBG offers a good use of its old town space, and has a good selection of draft, bottled, and canned beer. it is not a bargain though. 2 drafts after work will set you back $14. that is not excessive, but for that fourteen bucks i'd sure like a glass, not a crummy plastic cup.I would normally give this place five stars because the venue is fantastic. It's beautiful and has plenty of seating with great activities. Good beer selection. Bartenders are fairly good. So why only 3 stars? The food was abysmal for the price and there was a bathroom attendant in the womens' bathroom on Saturday night of Memorial Day Weekend. 1. This position is unnecessary esp. here but if it is to give an individual a job, fine. 2. She was incredibly adamant about no transgender or males in the women's bathroom. Technically, this venue is supposed to have unisex bathrooms according to city law but aside from that, the aggressiveness with which she was screening some women was downright absurd. Only steps away from a strong LGBT history and community, this is NOT how a business should be isolating themselves.Oh another beer garden? I'm down. I actually really like this place. It's large and semi-covered and not filled with a million kids. I'm sorry - I love kids just as much as the next gal, but they're taking over these pop-ups. I have been to what I think are the main 4 (SSHP, PHS, Oval, and this one) - and I think they all have something different to offer. This place just seems like a nice place to grab a beer and play some cornhole (my favorite summer activity). I didn't eat, but the peach shandy is as delicious as they say- highly recommend. I also went during a light rain shower, so it wasn't busy - which people I know have mentioned.  I'm diggin' IBG.What are great outdoor space right across the street from the Library Bell.  It's an L shape space with plenty of sitting area.  There are games like checker, genga, connect four etc on every table. It's fun to have the games specially after a few drinks. 
The drinks were good, but not very strong. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I didn't have any of the food but the aroma was nice.Went on a Thursday evening at 7PM.  Very crowded and noisy under the concrete ceiling. Staff did their best to attend to the many.  Wife stated the hummus was the best she ever had.  Will return but to sit around the perimeter where there is no overhang.Great outdoor space with games, drinks, and food!
The cocktails are decently priced and pretty strong, and the food, all of which is bar food, is pretty good as well. Mostly I just like coming because it's a great space for enjoying a sunny day with friends or significant others.Great beer garden. Really cool location right across from the liberty bell. 
Diverse selection of beers. I tried evil genius I love lamp. Great name and delicious beer.
True beer garden set up. They have plenty of space and several bars. Corn hole ping pong and various other bar games. 
Def worth a visit.If you're coming for the food, you may be disappointed. If you're coming for the beer and an awesome location to hang out with friends, you certainly won't be. 
The draw of this place is entirely location and ambiance. It's easy to get to, great for people watching, and close enough to walk to other restaurants for dinner. The various seating areas and lawn/table games create an inviting vibe, making this a perfect spot for hanging out and having a few drinks over a game of jenga.
The food was nothing special- typical greasy bar fare served up in paper containers. Service is pretty slow and isn't the best, but again, that's not why you come here. The drinks are good, the setting relaxed. Perfect outdoor spot for the summer!Because I work very close by, I have been to IBG more times than I can count, including since it just reopened for the 2017 season in late April. It's a terrific seasonal venue in a prime location.
What stands out to me most about IBG is its versatility.  I've been here with several different groups of coworkers, friends from Philly, friends visiting from out of town, and even on a first date--and it always works.  I've also been here at many different times of day, and in many different types of weather, including chilly nighttime weather (cute lights!), a rain storm (the large covered portion of the beer garden remains untouched), and sweltering heat (makes the cold brews that much better, and there's ample shade even for large crowds). 
Also worth noting that the happy hour (5-7 p.m.) rocks.  I've left IBG having spent less than $10 more times than I can count, and it's not because I've limited myself to only one drink or snack.
The beers on draft are summery and the food is satisfying.  IBG would not be my go-to culinary destination for anything more than a light snack--but, that said, it's extremely rare that I don't get the seasoned popcorn when I go!I am not sure if I liked this place enough to come back.   It was just a bit odd to be nestled in between two buildings.  We looked in the areas on the side that had more of a beer garden feel but still, it was in the city and not as enjoyable to me as Frankford Hall.   We only had 2 beers and some popcorn and headed out.Just stopped in for drinks before dinner somewhere else. I had a Captain and Diet and I was stumbling out after having just one. They definitely do not hold back on the alcohol. The scenery was very rustic and cute as I sat on a cut tree trunk with lanterns hanging above me.  Great place for drinks, and the food smelled good but I couldn't comment on the taste. Only downside was that we waited a good 10 minutes for our waitress to greet us. I would go back for food though!Love the games and ambiance, but this place is definitely a fair weather location- I went when it was windy & cloudy and was a bit cold. The happy hour deals are great (we got $3 Stella Cidres) and the food our neighbors got looked great.Pretty good, especially the happy hour deals. The Jenga is a nice touch. I love the design.Great time at Independence Beer Garden in Philly. Good beer, good food, great atmosphere. Hope they're back next summer.Pro's: cool layout. Beer garden idea is fun. Looks trendy and fun upon walk up. 
Con's: It smells like literal poop (apparently there are horses housed across the street... nothing like some beer with a side of horse farts am I right??)... the bartender was extremely rude... the waitress clearly wanted to get home and cleared our drinks before we were done, never asked if we need anything, etc. two hours before closing. They probably don't care because this is a touristy place across from the Liberty Bell BUT it should be noted it is also the kind of place that has a bathroom attendant for their shipping container bathrooms who wants you to pay for the soap/paper towel you very well could have gotten yourself. Woo!!We stumbled upon this awesome little outdoor beer garden/restaurant near Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell in downtown Philly.  The atmosphere was fantastic, and I sat on a tree stump for a chair underneath an arbor.  We ordered a couple of apps and some local beers.  The fried cheese curds were amazing, but it was a shame we didn't get a lot of them.  The hummus was tasty, too.  The beer wasn't super cold, so we added some ice to it (I know, tres tacky, right?).  The restaurant expanded all over and offered plenty of outdoor games, seating, etc. for people looking for a place to hang out with friends.  Very cool place!We have a monthly gathering of gentlemen who go to a different restaurant for dinner around the city, and our experience this month at Independence Beer Garden was terrific. We go to many kinds of places, some fancy and some not, but our main goal each month is a venue where we can all have a good time, eat dinner and have some beers, chat and network. The IBG event coordinator Ariel was very professional and responsive, the waitstaff (headed by a guy named Jamison, which is great) were all very attentive and excellent, and there was a ton of food and it was all quite good. Very unique atmosphere, and all had a great experienceThis place was really fun! My husband and I visited twice during our recent trip to Philly. It's a great place to relax in the afternoon with a great beer and some snacks. Happy Hour started at 4PM and we got a few snacks to share including sliders (awesome!) and the fried pickles (also awesome!). Most of the tables are set up farm style so you sit with a bunch of people. This is a fun way to chat with the group you are with or get to know some of your surrounding visitors. I would definitly visit again!First time here on a Saturday, we waited over 30 minutes trying to get a beer from the back left bar. This bartender ignored us and serviced his friends and girls only. He served people to the left and right of us three times. He also keep skipping the guy to my left too. They also ran out of pitchers and could only service one beer per person. He was checking IDs randomly. We moved to another bar but quickly gave up. We left without any beer and will avoid this place in the future. It' was only slightly crowded but the poorly staffed bars made it impossible to have a good time. I recommend finding another beer garden especially one that's outside in the sun and not in the shadow of a building.Stumbled upon this place right after visiting the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall and National Constitution Center. Incredible open floor space with fake grass, connect 4, cornhole, comfy seats, twinkly lights and music. Can get super crowded during summer nights but it is a must if you're visiting Philly - it can be a bit difficult to grab a seat during peak hours. Service from the bartenders was great - and there are a lot of beers on draft! I did not order food but did see a kitchen area. Bathrooms are located in the back left hand corner. Will return if I am ever in the area!Love this place.
Great games....bocci...lawn shuffleboard....table tennis...big jenga and little jenga...bean bag game. Love it!!!! Wish there was one out of the city too.
Good beers....good service. Great seating. Food is ok.
RecommendedIBG is great when you have a big group or even if you're going to hang out with a friend. I went after work today with a friend and it was super chill. Love the peach shandy here. Service for food was a bit slow even though it was mostly empty. Pretzel bites were really good. They have a ton of seating and great for if you need to relax after work on a beautiful night.Very nice staff and manager. Willing to listen to me when I had a problem. Thank you.I just love this place. On a nice night, this is the perfect place to enjoy some drinks and a bite to eat outdoors. The beer garden is quite large and there are plenty of things to see and do here. The entire place is decorated in white strings of lights, strung from poles and trees. Very beautiful at night!! You can grab a seat at a table for waiter service, or grab a drink at one of the many bars. There are lots of games to play here. Ping-pong, shuffleboard, checkers, connect four, jenga etc. We grabbed a table and ordered some food. The chicken wings were sweet and fried hard. They had some hot sauce on the side, but we didn't even use it. The wings were perfection on their own. We also ordered a watermelon salad, which was cool and refreshing as well. May I say, for as busy as they were here on a Saturday night- our service was excellent. Kiko- our waiter, was extremely helpful, friendly and prompt. Another great tid bit about this place is that it's free! No cover charge. I will be back very soon!!!Came here during the week. They have a happy hour menu beginning at 4pm but it's a selective menu so we ended up ordering from the regular menu.
Pros: Great prices! Great drinks!! Good food. They have games. It's a large beer garden!
Service was just okay. The location was kind of a trek for me.Had a great time here during Happy Hour/SIPS.  Our waitress, Brooke, was extremely attentive despite the large crowds and took great care of our party.  The wings and fries were tremendous and the beer selection was great.We had a gathering here during our conference and the service/food was great.  They kept up with our three tables of people very well and their drink list was good.  
Great location - right next to Independence Square.Huge amount of space and activities at this beer garden, and not to mention three bars and enough seating and entrances that you are able to find a seat as well as service without that claustrophobic feeling.  Also, as with all the beer garden popping up in the city lately, their beer and cocktail options are great and  inexpensive.Visited on a Sat night. It's a happening place with great atmosphere and cute games to keep the night interesting, though it can feel a bit like a gigantic open air frat house party at times. Beer is good, not outrageously expensive for center city. Fried snacks were good too, would recommend the chicken basket and fish and chips.OK the good and the bad - 
Good first - Awesome atmosphere and laid back vibe. Servers trying to accomodate. Huge venue with a lot of room to sit. 
Bad next - bugs that bite! I got 10 mosquito bites within 30 minutes of being there. Stay away from the gravel side. The pretzel
Bites were stale. And no top shelf liquor. 
I will go back! And wear jeans.Wow. This place has a great atmosphere- but I just can't believe how rude the bartenders are. Blonde with sleeve tattoo is so unbelievably rude. Just paid $38 for 3 drinks and the worst service I've ever experienced. For the price of the drinks, you might as well go to Franklin Mortgage and enjoy a clean, nice atmosphere without the pregnant, rude, and grotesque bartenders.This beer garden is conveniently placed in the heart of old city Philly. 
The tap selection is generous, with a bevy of local crafts. The service was great. And as a tourist, I enjoyed the local atmosphere I felt here.  
I visited mid August (can you say hot as BALLS!!!), and the shaded seating area was a huge plus.Great place to sit outside and drink on a summer night. Plenty of seating and well spread out so you can find a quieter spot to talk with friends, but there's also seating closer to music if you want it louder.Pretty good place to watch soccer! Huge TV screen outdoors to show games. IBG is a beautiful beer garden with both sunlight and shade (whichever you prefer) and has plenty of fun games, like Jenga, Checkers, Connect 4, and cornhole.Had a great time at IBG yesterday during the day for a few mid afternoon drinks! HUGE complaint was the heat at the outdoor bar under the giant plastic shield holding all of the heat in...kind of felt like a greenhouse. Outside of that plastic enclosed area it was at least 15 degrees cooler. I'm honestly not sure how the poor bartenders and workers were surviving, especially in black clothing. The use of fans under that plastic would've made my experience 100% better.Fun funky oasis in the city -Aesthetically pleasing.  There are two sections - one is loud near the bar. Go Eagles! The other is like your being transported to fantasy island but no Tattoo or Mr. Rourke.   
We got fish tacos, cheesesteak with beer cheese, French fries and cheeseburger.  Yards pale ale and IPA were smooth. 
All food was tasty. The portions are small but this is a bier garden in the busiest part of the city - Independence Hall.
You can play corn hole, checkers or sit and relax.  
The waitress came to our table quickly, service was good, and she didn't rush us out.  Thank you!This place was such a great find! It has something for everyone. There was corn hole, duffle board, Jenga, connect four and more. They had a pretty good beer list but I did see people with cocktails too. This place is perfect for a nice day. The bartenders were fast and we also had a waitress once we were at our table who was very attentive. So glad we stumbled across this.Two words: Central location. I'm not sold on IBG just yet, but on off-nights, it's great, and when you want to meet friends in an easy gathering spot, it's perfect.
I've been here a few times since it opened for the season, and they've been decent but not amazing experiences. It's obviously better when you can get seats and I wish I felt more comfortable with the hovering method.
They upped the beer prices during MDW, which was annoying since I had chosen it as the meeting place for my birthday that Saturday. Also annoying? The bouncers. As Jared J. has noted, the one took his job WAY too seriously.
I could tell Mr. Bouncer had put his cranky pants on that day, but one of my friends still chimed: "it's her birthday!" when I handed him my ID. He, obviously, stayed silent as a response. But what was irritating? Two minutes later -- as we walked by him again while crossing the two sections in our search for a place to stand in lieu of seats -- he pointed at my arm as if to see if I had a wristband yet. Really, now? Memory loss? After two minutes?
As for the actual beers? Pretty good selection, but I haven't seen them change much in the last month. Some switches every now and again would be great! I don't always want a Dock Street Rye or a Deschutes Fresh Squeezed IPA!
Food is here okay. I like the hot dog and popcorn. I'll have to try more on future visits!
Right now, I'd give IBG a solid three. It's a good place to visit in theory, but not always the most fun in reality.Hit or miss with the food, but it is a great place to hang out and grab a drink. Good times, but service was also hit or miss.Best atmosphere you could ever ask for in a bar! Beautiful scenery with fun activities to entertain yourself.This is a real comfortable outdoor place that looks like it's in the courtyard of the Dow Chemical building across from Independence Park. They have different seating areas--on one side there are tables and then in between the two buildings in the middle they have a large bar with stools around it. I just wanted a beer so sat at the bar. 
The selection is pretty decent. I see 15 different beers on tap on their menu. I got a Lagunitas IPA, which was $7. 
It's very comfortable sitting here on a warm day. If you're here visiting the sites and want a break, this is a good spot to stop at and relax with a drink. 
I didn't have any food so can't speak to the quality of their menu, but as far as beers go, this is a-ok.Giant place in the heart of independence mall (and super close to century 21!!) Has a garden area complete with vines and cool lighting, plus a place under an outdoor alcove at the mall, and another outdoor space with games. Long tables everywhere, good beer and food everywhere! They have my favorite Stella cider in large cans too :)Probably shouldn't go here during Sips if you have any hopes of finding a square ft to stand.  And forget finding a seat.  Or finding a line that's not a mile long.  The locution and setup could be really cool I think.  Just went at a crazy time.Cute place with good selections of beer, cocktails, and ciders. A day with good weather it's pretty packed not many available tables. But there's a lot of games to play that'll keep you distracted.Great summer beet garden, definitely one of the top in Philly. The place is always packed but not too packed that you can't find a place to sit and/or easily order a beer. I also love the set up, lots of fun games to play and plenty of sun spots if that's what you are looking for or shade in the heat of the summer. Great beer selections, good food, reasonable prices.Pros: Great location and a fun outdoor bar.
Cons: Rude bouncer on a power trip. We were at this bar for a birthday pub crawl this weekend. We got there pretty early but because it was such a nice day it was already crowded. There were a couple of open tables that had a reserved sign on them. One of our pregnant friends was sitting at the table for about 5 minutes, just to relax, and she was confronted by the bounder on a power trip who indicated that they table was reserved and NO ONE can sit there at all. About 10 min later the table was still vacant, and our friend asked a waiter if it would be ok to sit there, he said yes that it wouldn't be a problem; about 30 seconds later the bouncer came back around to say that the party was on their way and our friend HAD TO GET UP. She did, and we stuck around the area but no one showed up for another 35 minutes! Terrible customer service!
The food that we ordered was pretty good, except the "cheese curds" are not actually cheese curds as they are the size of gulf balls and made of cheese and not curds of cheese, but I might be biased hailing from Minnesota, where the true cheese curds can be consumed! Maybe market it as a "cheese ball" since it's not actual a curd!Interesting menu. Grilled pastrami sandwich with stone ground mustard was tasty.  I'm not a beer drinker but the selection was extensive.  Nice location outside but under cover. Friendly,  fast service.Cool vibes, fun times, delicious food and refreshing drinks. What more could you wish for?! Tons of games allow large groups to have an incredible time regardless of what activity each individual is in the mood for.Fun place, friendly atmosphere. Only one projection TV. The food looked good but I didn't try any. Great selection of PA beers.Beautiful fresh atmosphere - in the middle of the city! Nice staff, gorgeous "garden"! Open, but intimate!I come here pretty frequently when friends and family come to visit me in Philly. Great on the weekend for some light fare and drinks. Good selection of beers and specialty cocktails. Plenty of seating and activities. Great for groups or a small party. After work and evenings are quite crowded. Early afternoon on the weekends is probably best. Reasonably priced!I went there for sips tonight, and a lesson was learned. It was crowded, so I did what any normal person would do, and order a few drinks for myself.  The bartender (45 and wanting to be anywhere else), pours me my drinks and sets them on the bar.  My gf and her friends just meet up with me, and I turn to greet them with a hug and wave, when this bartender takes my drinks away.  I'm waiting for 10 mins and perhaps an explanation and she finally comes back and says "did you learn your lesson? You turn away in a crowded bar and I gave your drinks away" I said sure, handed her my money and she says and that's your last drink of the night. Worst bartender I've encountered in Philly, and the rest of the staff ain't special.  If you open a new "hot spot" in Philly, at least have decent people working the bar. - 1 starThis place quickly turned into an underage frat party where they card people walking into the plaza.  The beers are weak and bland including Narragansett light for $3.  I was hit on by a MILF drunk on the happy hour white wine and surrounded by drunks and gay dudes.  Cant Philadelphia get anything right?! This is not beer garden other than the fact that they have beer and plants.Price: 
$-$$; not too pricey, featuring apps from $5 and up, to pitchers of beer up to ~$30. 
Food:
Hot & fresh; we received our two appetizers (beer battered onion rings & rosemary gravy fries) within 5 minutes. Pretty average bar food, nothing too special. 
Atmosphere:
Very relaxing, and especially nice on a night with good weather. The kitchen and part of the dining area is covered, so it would still hold up on a rainy day. The only qualm I have is that the only area serving food is pretty loud and crowded, whereas the quieter parts only serve alcohol. 
Overall:
Definitely would return. Especially for a Day 3-post opening, the IBG ran pretty quickly & efficiently with hot/fresh food. 
Tip: 
-One side only serves alcohol, while the other side serves both food & alcohol.
-Seating is first come, first serve - so grab the first empty table you find!Fun outdoor hangout with a decent beer selection, good snacks, and a variety of games. It's larger than most beer gardens in center city. We came here on a Thursday night around 7:00 and had no problem snagging a table. We grabbed a couple beers from the bar which wasn't too packed, and played jenga and checkers. If you want to play ping-pong, bring quarters for the ball dispenser. We ordered the hummus served with veggies and pita as well as the watermelon salad. The watermelon salad was better than anticipated; the hummus was nothing special. The one thing I really did not like about this beer garden is that children are allowed. I have nothing against kids, but when I'm at a beer garden, the last thing I want is to hear is a screaming baby.My husband and I discovered this place yesterday during a brief pit stop in Philly after a weekend at Sesame Place. Our beers were only $5 each! What a great space. Lots of beer choices. We'll definitely stop by the next time we are in town.The Liberty Bell used to my favorite attraction in Philly - now this might be!Great place to some and hang on a warm summers day, unfortunately our visit in May was more like a cold day in March. We stuck it out and enjoyed the beer garden, it was happy hour. All drinks are served in plastic cups. Plenty of choice of games to play - jenga etc... The restrooms are converted container crates. Cool place.Absolutely loved this place! Stopped in after an eventful day sightseeing and am so glad we did. The place was beautiful, the drinks were delicious (try the peach shandy!) and the service was super nice and attentive. This place deserves more than the average this Yelp review is currently showing, I'd say definitely give it a shot and decide for yourself! Our experience couldn't have been better.This is a cute spot, but not what I was hoping for. If you are under 25 I would recommend somewhere else, this is not where you want to go for a "night off" Maybe we just went on an off night. Other than that the ambiance was great and the beer was pretty good. We left after one beer because it was a slow night. I would imagine this is a wonderful place to visit on the weekends.Came here for a few hours before seeing Foos...a helluva lot better than the SBC parking lot. I love the concept of this place....we parked ourselves in some Adirondack chairs and had a lovely time. We didn't play any games, though it's a fun option. Decent beer selections and all of our food was really tasty. Our waiter was sweet but scattered....just such a nice guy, though that he gets a pass. Wonderful addition to the historic section!Outdoor bar, local brews, food and games.  This beer garden does it right.  Just across the street from both the bell and independence hall, this place was packed.  The scene was good, a lot of people drinking and having a good time.  Only gripe is that the beer was on the expensive side.
Still an awesome place and I highly recommend it.Mice running all over the place and under people's feet. When I was leaving the venue after complaining about the mice the waitress Nicole laughed and told me to catch the mice. Rude and unhelpful staff - unable to answer questions about happy hour. Would never go back again or recommend to anyone.I like making fun of fat tourists...and clueless families wandering around.  
Yes, I do.
This place is a perfect spot to drink the watermelon sangria, sit on the beach chairs and gawk at the millions of "I love PA"-clad chubbies hopping on and off of the Ride the Duck tour buses.
It's a huge outdoor drinking area and it's not a typical beer garden since it is adjacent to, or actually, in the breezeway of two corporate buildings.
It gets loud at night since it's not totally outdoors and there aren't many other bars/restos in the vicinity.
I like it.Came here with a group of friends. There is plenty of room to hang if you get there at a good time. Great on a sunny day, Can get a bit crowded but the staff handles it well.  They have a large beer selection and a lot of nice snacks.The mass appeal of popup beer gardens in this city has baffled me.  Yes, it is very nice to enjoy a beer or cocktail outside.  It's nice to play Jenga or bocchi ball(spelling?) with friends instead of staring at your phones all day/night.  It's cool that you're dropped in an unassuming and random plot of real estate-turned-garden strung with lights off the busy city street.  But the overall hype of "wow, I'm drinking in an Adirondack chair instead of on my couch!" is what makes me think this is gonna be one of those trends that peters out over time, like gluten free cupcake shops.
This place falls into that basic, over-hyped category.  One look at the sea of men in pastels and boating shoes and I knew what I was getting into.  We went on a Sunday and met up with a group of 4, who luckily had snagged a picnic table.  Had they not been there for a few hours prior to us arriving, I imagine it would've been a bitch trying to get a table for 6 since it was packed.  We had Jenga with fun graffiti all over it, but one or two games of that and I'm done.  I could see the bocchi ball from our table and again, unless you're there when it first opens, there's no chance in hell to secure a spot and play. 
Service was just okay.  There seemed to be only 1 server in the whole side section of picnic tables and it took a while for us to even order- plus she disappeared for long sections of time.  We got a pitcher of Goose Island which was pretty pricy and renders about 3-4 beers, though I'm sure if we picked Yuengling it wouldn't have been too bad.  I was starving and was expecting the food to be like that new age/picnic-style with a twist bullshit, but it was pretty basic and overpriced.   I got the hummus appetizer and it was sooo bland and served with one giant pita taken straight out of the bag and microwaved and a couple hard sticks of carrots.  The burger was just mehh, nothing even worth talking about.  The margarita was poorly made and tasted only of sour mix.  Overall, for the prices, it was too expensive for a Sunday afternoon venture into the city.  I could've just as easily sat on my own balcony with my own beer and had the same experience.
Bathrooms are like a giant smelly hot tin box and the pebbly gravel as the ground's walking space, though practical, gets annoying.  There were a bunch of Adirondack chairs and tree stump chairs strewn about, though I'm sure they're hard to reserve as a group.
Beer selection was good and it is in a nice section of the city (and the food menu was possibly only for lunch- maybe dinner is better), so I can't completely dismiss it, though I doubt I'd be back.We visited this space again on Monday, September 12th for a second time. I am happy to see that this place is still here and seems to be doing well.  We visited with a party of four around 1pm on that day, and it had a moderate crowd.  It was a beautiful day.
Since the last visit, I noticed that the plants/shrubbery has definitely grown out and made it more private and seemed to be set away more from the busy Independence Mall area.  
We had a great server and this time only ordered drinks. the restrooms which are to one side of the property were very nice and in a trailer type of space.  
The drinks we had were excellent and I would definitely return again.So happy the IBG has reopened for the season! It's a perfect place to enjoy the outdoor weather in historic Philadelphia (you're literally right across the street from the Liberty Bell), grab a drink, relax, and play some games. They have two bars to choose from with different drink choices at each (more choices at the long bar vs. square bar), and though I haven't tried it, the food smelled good!
Nice ambiance with the strings of lights and lots of places to sit - adirondack chairs, picnic benches, two-seater tables, etc. There's also a big screen for sports by the square bar.
In the back they have ping pong tables, shuffleboard, and cornhole set ups as well. 
One warning: the bathrooms are in a strange little metal shipping container of sorts and don't always smell so lovely, but I'm thankful they have 'em!The thing about a place that gets a bunch of negative reviews is that people start to avoid it, and in this case the ultimate problem at the root of the negative reviews seems to be the crowds. By the time I went to Independence Beer Garden on a Saturday afternoon, it was extremely pleasant.
I was there for a birthday party, and our group had no trouble procuring a big table together. The drinks were delicious, in particular the peach thing, the exact name of which I don't recall. The watermelon sangria was also light and refreshing, great for a hot summer day. Our servers were quick and attentive, and the food was excellent as well. The pretzel bites come with a "house mustard" that's just the right amount of spicy, and mac and cheese was also creamy and delicious.
The bathrooms were also a pleasant surprise. Rather than the awful port-a-potties most similar affairs will subject you to, Independence Beer Garden has bathrooms set up in shipping-container-like thing that are so much nicer and cleaner. 
The one disappointment was that they were out of choco tacos, which our group was really looking forward to, but aside from that it was a very enjoyable afternoon with friends, food, and tasty drinks.The night started off well, but then things started to spiral downhill.   My friend and I sat casually on a bike rack and we were told that we were not allowed to sit on them because it was "not their property".  About 5 minutes later, another worker came by and said that she never heard of such a rule.  We then tried to get another drink which took about 20 minutes.  The beer garden was not crowded at all and the bartenders seemed disinterested on what was a very slow night.  After this, we proceeded to the back corner to grab a seat and then we got asked politely by a worker at 1:15AM to move towards the front because they were closing areas down.  
Before i go any further, i forgot to mention that cornhole apparently can not go on past 12:55 AM.  But i digress.  
Back to my discussion about moving to the front of the beer garden.  My friend and I obliged and moved towards the front of the establishment and found seats near the front bar.  At 1:43AM we were approached by the same worker and asked to get up and exit the beer garden.  We had just bought drinks and asked him what time the establishment was open until and we were told "2AM".  We then asked why we had to exit with 17 minutes left until close and the worker said that they had to clear the perimeter so the workers could go home at 2AM instead of 2:30AM.  My friend asked if he could finish his drink before leaving and the worker told him he could proceed to the exit and "Chug" his beer while exiting.  At this moment we felt uncomfortable, disrespected and violated that we were asked to "Chug" our drinks with 17 minutes left until closing.  I have been to IBC over 10 times past 1:43AM and have never been asked to leave like that.  The workers were clearly trying to go home and had no regard for the customers.  
We were thoroughly disappointed with the service and treatment at IBC tonight and will not be returning again.  The lack of training, customer service and respect was blatant tonight.The ambiance of Independence beer garden earned it the 3 star rating. It is a great spot to spend an afternoon. It's a kid friendly beer garden with lots of games- ping pong, shuffle board, checkers, connect 4, jenga. Most of the games are in the sun, so be aware of that. It has a lot of places to sit, including under cover in case it's raining. 
The food is disappointing and the mixed drinks also aren't very good. The cheese curds were the best of the snacks, followed by the spicy chips with guac. The pretzels and hummus were just okay. The best of the drinks in my opinion are the ones on tap. I'm a big fan of cider and they have a 1911 blueberry cider that I thought was delicious. Not too sweet like some fruity ciders can be. 
The service could be better. He was very friendly but he messed up our order twice. They don't seem very organized in the way they bring the food out, often looking confused and making errors.when i think of 'beer garden' this place is exactly what comes to mind.  There is ample seating areas and if the sun is just too much there is shade galore.  The drinks aren't expensive and the food is reasonably priced as well.  I got the BLT (which had like 7 slices of bacon lol) but was nonetheless good. 
There are games sporadically placed everywhere and music isn't too loud.  Its a perfect spot to just relax and enjoy your company. Def will be backWe finally made it here! This place is HUGE which is awesome. It was pretty crowded for a Saturday night, every table was full and a lot of people were standing but we were able to get a few spots at the bar and get served beer/drinks pretty fast. The staff was nice and there's a few table games that you can play while hanging out with friends. Definitely a nice change of scenary from the tyipical bar/club scene.Great vibe, good beers. And right across the street from the Liberty Bell! I love Philly!!We were visiting Philly and stopped by here. Its welcoming and fun with games, good food, great location. Its a big space and great for families. Near tourist areas so if you need a break I'd recommend.The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because they don't recycle!! Other than that great time!Dave and Dan were amazing bartenders! The enthusiasm and charisma was evident as soon as we walked in! My girlfriends and I had an amazing time!You can't go wrong with a beer garden with games! Great for groups, dates, and even chilling by yourself - Independence Beer Garden serves a wide variety of beers and games. I love how this beer garden is outdoors and provides a bountiful amount of seating.
Their Wednesday specials seem very affordable so try to visit during their Wednesday happy hour to take advantage of the deals!Came here for drinks and food after checking in to our hotel. First off the look of his place is amazing. The greenery and the lights make it a fun place just to sit in. Our waitress was very friendly and quick with taking our orders. I got the chicken Blt and it was delicious. It had some spice to it with just a bit of heat. The food came out quickly and all in all I highly recommend this placeCame for happy hour. $3 apps $5 entrees and a dog friendly environment. It sits in the shadows of Independence Hall. Food was great! Service was okay. Really enjoyed it after hoofing around old town.Great outdoor bar to stop for a cold drink while walking all over in the historic district. Love the 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon Ale and the Shiner Ruby Red! Trying the pickle chips and seasoned popcorn.Love the ambiance 
And the beer. 
It is REALLY conveniently located across the street from liberty bell and Independence Hall. 
The chicken wrap was very good. 
And service was good!outdoor seating but no dogs allowed? interesting. however we stood in their restaurant area with no service while we looked for something that was dog friendly. this is not very independent of you, "independence" beer garden.This is such a great use of space.  I rarely find myself over there, but decided to check it out on a pretty Sunday.  I found the garden much larger than I anticipated but that also seemed to spread the staff pretty thin.  It wasn't overly busy or crowded but it seemed the bartenders were a little short staffed.  It was tough to pay for drinks, so your better off leaving your tab open or bringing cash if you plan on being there a while.  We didn't eat, but they give you numbers when you order your food so the runners can deliver wherever you end up.  I like the fact that it's a very mellow atmosphere.  People seem to come and go as they please, and with so much seating it's easy to find or grab a spot.  I'm not sure what they are doing with it in the winter but I hope to see it next summer.Not a bad stop to grab a brew after checking out the Hall and Bell. Beer selection is okay and snacks look decent. It is chill and relaxing in cool weather. Service was kind of slow though, went straight to the bar.Stood at the bar for about 45 minutes and noticed we were being ignored and not to mention we were the only people who weren't white at the bar. I was wondering what two certain bottles of alcohol were because we wanted to take a shot and the only female bartender (heavier set) asked us what we wanted and I asked what the bottles were because I'm not wearing my glasses, I couldn't see. She had aN attitude and answered and walked away immediately without giving me a chance to say if I wanted it or ask her to repeat herself because I couldn't even hear her. I decided to leave immediately and go to the other bar, the bartender at the quieter bar was a lot more attentive and friendly.This is a really nice covered outdoor space. It is convenient to many historical attractions in Philadelphia, but even if you are not in the area and would like to sit and have some drinks and food with friends and relax in open air, the Independence Beer Garden is a great place to go. Our group walked quite a distance to get here as we wanted a nice outdoor area to have a few drinks and snacks. Tap beer is great, and other beer selections are very good. We also tried some mixed drinks and their home made white sangria and all were absolutely delicious. Service was very friendly. There are games such as ping pong and others scattered around their facilities as well as a large TV on the wall which made our Football fans in the group happy. Fantastic stop for drinks!Met a friend at the Independence Beer Garden tonight.  It's hard to find, and I imagine people only go there who stumble upon it.  Do yourself a favor and keep stumbling down the street....there are far better options in Old City, Philadelphia.
Apparently the IBG is owned by some "name" chef in Philly.  Zzzzzzzz.  Who cares?  Here's the bottom line:  the outside "beer garden" is nice, but it's technically the side bar.  The main bar is directly under the Dow Chemical building in a cavernous brick-and-concrete underpass that has all the echoing appeal of a hospital cafeteria.  You'll be sitting at picnic tables and get your drinks in plastic cups.  Charming.  
I had a couple of overpriced beers and an $8 sausage-onion-pepper sandwich.  It was delicious, but so small that I had to order a second.  No side salad, no fries, no garnish, no pickles.  Just a pre-mixed concoction (I tried to get it without onions but that wasn't possible) in a paper container like you might get at the beach....for about four times the price.
Like the Liberty Bell that hangs just a couple hundred feet away, you'll finish your visit asking "that's it?"Used to like this place until 5 mins ago. Treated like garbage and spoken to like children. It's like 1030pm on a Saturday and we can't play corn hole? Why because you're cleaning up early because you're staff is lazy and doesn't want to do their job? PS you're open until 2am - get your life together. Maybe next time don't allow other people play shuffle board if the games are closed and secondly, treat paying customers with respect. Leaving now and won't be back!We were at independence beer garden last night for a company event. The second we got there Carlos approached us immediately. We ordered a ton of food that was delivered promptly and absolutely delicious! The crowd was big on a Friday night but Carlos was attentive and made sure that everyone had what they needed. I couldn't imagine a better place or a more gorgeous location to go with a large group of people and I can guarantee that we will be back very soon!Absolutely loved this place; great location, great food, great drinks, and amazing service! Went there this past weekend with a group of friends (9 people total) and we all had an awesome time. The weather was great which is a huge factor when considering the beer garden since it is all located outdoors. There are some areas that have covering but I would imagine that they get quite congested in bad weather. The venue was crowded enough as is on a nice day, but if you do some scouting you'll be able to snag a spot as people are leaving. 
My friends and I were able to get a spot in the Adirondack chairs which was a great setup to be able to sit in a circle a talk for a few hours. Our server Brooke was awesome, really accommodating when we would rearrange the chairs and very attentive as well.
They have a light menu, but that tends to be exactly right for the environment you are in. Basically appetizers and sandwiches; however, they do have a great selection of drinks. I will definitely be returning many times this summer.TERRIBLE, RUDE SERVICE. Don't come here if you want food or drinks. Waited over an hour after ordering French fries and a salad. Salad was drowning in dressing and couldn't even eat it. On another regrettable occasion, saw servers mocking our attempt to get served after we had been waiting 45 mins.Independence Beer Garden has a great atmosphere, an awesome and well-priced beer selection and excellent, yet laid-back service. I definitely will come back before the end of the season.I had high hopes for this place after moving here last summer and experiencing a really wonderful beer garden on south Broad Street next to a big old church. It was beautifully decorated, interesting drinks and delicious, inventive food. Never seemed to be overwhelmingly crowded but even with a busy night, there weren't long waits for things.
This place is the exact opposite. It was packed, loud, nowhere to sit, the lines were intensely long and the food was shitty, expensive and appeared to be as mundane as could be. Stuff you could get anywhere.
A couple points added for interesting modernist buildings and it's a very large space, so if you like loud and have a big party, maybe this place is for you.Open area perfect be with friends bench tabes drink beer play game Jenga, shuffle board & other.Where to start with this place. By far my favorite spot in Philly. Christie is the best bartender there, gets to know you, suggests drinks, and just all around down to earth. I love it here for the atmosphere you can play giant Jenga, pong tables, and much more games. There's tons of different places to hang out whether you are in the back playing Jenga, or the front where the big screen tv is, or the side where there is nice tables are you can sit at. Not only are the staff and drinks great. I come back again and again for the food. Everything from the burger, to wings, to the guacamole is amazing. The friend pickles are another favorite. My ultimate favorite are the wings; they have this sweet and salty flavor which is delicious and crisp to perfection. I plan weekends to go specifically to this place, I will be back in a couple weeks. I will be in the city tomorrow and all I have been thinking about is swinging by eating an order of wings and getting a watermelon refresher.Ok enough with the bathroom attendant though. I don't need someone pointing the available stall to me and handing me a towel after I wash my hands. This isn't Johnny Utahs. 
But other than that. Giant Jenga and lots of fun games and drinks.This pop up beer garden definitely has an amazing atmosphere - in the heart of old city, hanging lights, diverse seating options for both indoors and outdoors, lively crowd, breezy summer cocktails, but being that this is a temporary bar, the service is pretty... for lack of a better word, whack. 
Yes, this place is super busy, but I would only assume this to be the case when this beautiful place will only be available during the summer. Still, that is NO excuse for the horror that they call service. I guess being a temporary bar means temporary amenities, servers, and supplies... which basically means: servers with no system, beer kegs that are going wild and falling apart, and bartenders who are not really bartenders but need a summer gig. 
Honestly, I would recommend coming once just to check it out, but definitely don't plan on returning.Atmosphere: 5 stars!
I spotted the beer garden from across the street and immediately wanted to visit! It certainly looks inviting and cozy. There are tables to eat at, several different 'areas' including a dining only section, and bar area with community dining tables, bar area, and game area standing tables. Games like cornhole and giant connect four. There is also a hidden area on the way to the bathrooms...cozy seating, cover bar area. I wish we had found this part sooner! I would have liked to sip on my drink back here.
Drinks: 4 stars!
I got the Peach Shandy drink, and it was a little small. But it was certainly tasty! I wish I had known there were Happy Hour deals! (BTW....there's a happy hour...get on it!) Because we were there during that magic time. But I didn't see anything about it until much later as we were getting ready to leave. And it was listed on the food menu, not the drink menu at the bars. So the drinks were good, but pricey.
Service: 2 stars :-(
The first bartender we interacted with ruined this for them. And it left a distinctly negative taste in our mouths. After getting our 21+ bracelets, we walked up to the line-free bar (probably should have been an indication, considering how very busy it actually was there...) 
I am a friendly, chatty person, and I make it a habit to ask for recommendations when trying a new-to-me place. And since there wasn't a line behind us, I figured it would be fine to do that with the bartender. She was very rude and short with me. Completely uninterested in answering any questions about any of the beers or offerings. Never smiled. I mean, work sucks sometimes, I get it. But you are in a service position and you are making me want to leave. 
The beer list I could see was very short and very domestic, maybe 5 on tap and 4 in cans. Considering we were at a BEER GARDEN, I asked if every bar at the venue was serving the same menu. She said yes, that was all they had. So we sort of ordered when I realized she only had a register and no card reader. I asked if the beer garden was cash only. She replied that yes, it absolutely was cash only and there was an ATM over there. So we walked away feeling a little disappointed about the whole situation but determined to enjoy ourselves. I got cash from the ATM and decided to check out the other bar (which is what is redeeming the service stars from 1 to 2...) They were busy and bustling. Not exactly friendly, but leaps and bounds more approachable than the first woman. And they were efficient, so the wait for the drinks was maybe around 5 minutes. AND they had at least 3x as many beers, a cocktail list and bourbon! UGH!! That first bartender...I honestly hope that they DO NOT pool tips.
Also, I hate that they have bathroom attendants! Fancy pants places....fine. Have attendants. But the restrooms here are IN SHIPPING CONTAINERS. And the women's at least, have little to no lighting in the stall (the one I used was nearly pitch black!). It was so SO hot in there, hotter than the outside, despite a fan. So the attendant was there to block the doorway, tell us the hot water was hot (no....really?!) and to give us paper towels *after* we had already left the facilities and passed the trash cans.
Overall, service for non-diners left a lot to be desired.
Maybe if I had entered from the other side and not visited that first bar....and not had to use the toilets...
I am glad we went, and it made me wish ReSurfaced in my home town was open right now, but I would not be back if I was still in the area.This bar extends all the way around a tall building right by independence hall. We had way too many drinks because we just didn't want to leave! There are a lot of out door games- bocce, ping pong, corn hole- all made our time there's lot of fun. We had snacks, a little pricey but not bad. Will absolutely go back again!We stopped by IBG while walking around when we were looking for something to kill some time. There is plenty of seating options, but it was a nice day and was very crowded. We ended up finding an open ping pong table and played for a while before we were able to find a table to sit at. They have plenty of games ranging from Jenga, ping pong, shuffle board, and bocce ball (many more too). I got the Yards Grapefruit beer that is special to IBG only and thought it tasted really great; the only exception was that the beer was a little warm. I don't know if it was a new keg or not but it definitely took away from the taste a bit. We were there during their happy hour as well and thought the beers we ordered were going to be slightly discounted after reviewing the menu that the server gave us. The Happy hour is on food everyday, but drink specials are only Sunday through Friday. I didn't sweat it too much over spending an extra few dollars because the experience was well worth it. Outside of the slightly warm beer, the only thing I noticed was that it's very loud; as a large amount of tables are underneath the building; which causes everything to echo a little more. I would definitely come back the next time I visit!This is a really fun, trendy place to go to for drinks throughout the day. The decor is cute and hip, and the atmosphere is loud but playful. 
There are giant games you can play such as checkers or Jenga. They also have ping pong tables. 
They offer a good variety of beers--but definitely not everything. They also have certain areas that sell mixed drinks/shots and also food. I didn't try any of the food, but the employees working the bars were very personable and kind. 
Knocked off a star because this place gets REALLY crowded on the weekends and it is very hard to find a place to sit. My friend and I literally circled the place four times, and every time we ended up just standing around. They should offer more seating, especially because this place is so popular!Huge space, amazing location, great beer.
This place is a gem.
They have a really nice garden and a space where you can play ping pong and many other fun games.
It can get crowded during weekends. Great vibe.I love this place its perfect for everything. If you want an after work drink and make it in time for happy hour you can get drinks for &3-5. The bar food is excellent for a quick snack.  If you want to come here for the night it gets packed but who wants to go to a bar that's dead anyways? There's 4 bars so if ones busy you can always turn a corner and go to the other one. 
As you can imagine with that many people the bathroom situation could be a little scary, who wants to stand online for 30 min. I would like to say they have a WONDERFUL woman in there directing traffic and pointing you to open stalls. She is SO sweet and really makes it go very fast, every time I have been I've been in and out in under 5 min. So that's why I gave it 5 stars the last one goes to her.Was super excited to come here for the atmosphere alone! Unfortunately the service was not good. Food was very over priced for what you got (be warned if you order wings they give you not even a quarter of the ranch container that they give you... They will charge you a $1 more for something you never got the first time around... Same with the cheese curds and the tomato jam that they give you with it). It's a great idea but overall the service was VERY slow and the food was less than mediocre.I wanted to love this place and it had such high potential but unfortunately, it failed miserably. We sat out under the front patio because the vines were beautiful and provided great shade. Unfortunately, everything smelled like old stale beer, as if they hadn't cleaned in a while. Service was ridiculously slow... Pull-your-eyes-out-slow. She even came over a few times to tell us that she would be "right with us" and in the time she spent coming over, she could've easy taken our order. The music that they were playing would skip in and out (as if the station they had on had a bad connection) but no one did anything to fix it. The only redeeming factor was that prices were cheap.What an amazing concept for a beer garden. They've taken the wasted courtyard space of an office building, and created hip & trendy restaurant. The menu offers a great selection of German beers, along with a happy hour menu for finger-foods and a full entree menu. The food is amazing, and there is no better place to enjoy a summer afternoon in the city.This place has mice running around everywhere!!! They started coming out as the sun was setting. There were many under our table and right behind us as well as in the tables neighboring us. We also met the worst waitstaff ever - her name is Nicole but she lied saying it was Alicia. Just because we did not have a tap open with her, she was giving us attitude and did not answer any of our questions. She was giving us dirty looks the entire time we were there, and made us feel very uncomfortable. When we told the manager about her, she told us there was no one named Alicia. Luckily that waitress was behind us so we asked her what her REAL name was in front of her manager and that's when she said it was Nicole. Overall, this was the worst experience I've ever had at a venue. I'm from New York City so I'm very used to rats and mice but I have never seen them running around under your dining table.I'm writing this review specifically to give a shout out to our server Todd who treated me and my friends like kings/queens. This man brought enthusiasm to his server role like I've rarely seen. It was a full house and yet he checked in with us regularly, made great recommendations on drinks, and simply watched out for us the way a good server should. By the end of our 2+ hour stay there, it felt like we were friends! I will be sure to visit Independence Beer Garden next time I am in Philly because of the great service we had on 8/1/15.Myself and some co-workers went for lunch. It's seat yourself so you have a choice of being outside on the patio or under Dow Chemical in the shade. Hostess was pleasant and polite. 
We arrived around 12:10. Plenty of seating and tables were very clean. Our waiter was also very polite and attentive. 
I ordered the steak and fries which was cooked to the temp I requested. Fries were fresh, well seasoned, and had a good crunch to them. Steak was juicy and seasoned well. Overall everyone was satisfied with their food. 
4 of us shared a pitcher of beer for $18. Which served 5-6 glasses. I definitely would like to go back and try some more on the weekend. 
There was a minor problem with the server who was helping our waiter. He bought our food over, but was confused when he got to us. I would say that was the only thing that didn't go smoothly.
I probably wouldn't order the steak and fries again for lunch. I would order something below $10. 
Overall the lunch experience was great. I really would like to come back at night with some friends. 
Other notable things: 
Parking - they have a garage for parking right at the building. Not sure what the prices are ,but it's pretty convenient. Located very close to 8th and market if you're taking the train.
Entertainment - I saw 2 ping pong tables, bean bag toss, and a massive screen for sports, go phillies :( .This is one of my favorite outdoor drinking venues in Philly.  It's quite large and there's lots of different areas with outdoor games available.  It is slightly overpriced for beer but cocktails are average cost.  There's also areas that are covered which is great to hide from the sun or if you still want the outside feel if its rainy.  It's a great environment and fun for summer.Worst service I've ever had and the drinks/beer is extremely over priced. Our waitress Ciere made us pay so she could go home and seemed cocky while rarely checking on us. I frequent many other beer gardens in Philadelphia and this by far was the worst yet. I do not recommend.This review is only for the drinks, but we had a great experience on our short trip to the independence beer garden. We watched as it was being built because we live nearby, and we were super excited that it was coming from Michael Schulson and Travis Masar. Their work at Sampan is on point. 
Service was kind of slow, but it looked like they were understaffed. It was way too crowded to have the small number of servers I saw. 
I was excited to have a hell or high watermelon on draft, as I had only ever had it in a can before. I had a hard time choosing though because the drink list looks awesome. My fiance got the ginger radler to go along with my hell or high watermelon. Really good on both counts. Ive become obsessed with Radlers since travling to Germany, and I havent found many good ones since coming back. THis one, while different, was very crisp and refreshing because of the ginger liquer and the sparkling lemonade. Hell or High Watermelon is even better on tap. I dont usually like fruity beer or wheat beer, but this one hits the spot for me in the summer. 
The atmosphere is great, and it is packed alllllll the time. I will definitely be back to try the food to get the full experience.After taking in the historical sites, this is the perfect place to quench your thirst, grab a bite and play a few games. Good pit stop for adults and families of all ages. They offered corn hole, connect four, shuffle board and pre-labeled Jenga pieces (our tiles ranged from fun to racey, so watch out if playing with the kids). Menu items from snack to beverages were moderately priced and a great location for large groups. The space is place is quite large and some areas are meant for sharing, but get there early to claim a spot and game.So I was having fun until I plugged in my phone to one of the 4 empty outlets beside my table.  The server comes over with a snarky "management says that you can't charge your phone here".  Wtf?! It's OK for me to spend $8 per beer here, but not charge my phone? F this place, I won't be back... And also, the water tastes like they fished it out of the schuylkill.  Gross.  Good luck if you're bro enough to try this frat party.Couldn't ask for a better location for a post sightseeing beverage. Danny the bartender recommended a Mango beer and the cucumber cocktail. Changed the gin to Titos and instantly was cooled down on a warm day. Sara(h)'s call on the Franks in a blanket went well with my defeat while playing checkers on the picnic table. 
Shaded areas made enjoying the blue sky even better. 
Plenty of trees to tie your kids up to to while you enjoy a beer.Most excellent beer garden and food.  Situated next to the liberty bell, independence hall and right off Market street.  This is a little oasis in the urban jungle.   Great happy hour prices with gear food truck like food.  We had their daily drink special and draft beer.  Ice cold and delicious.  The food was a great bargain at 3 bucks per item. We had hummus with fresh vegetables and the fried pickle chips.  Very, very good.  The place is thick with families, hipsters, couples and it all works as there are many seating areas.   Ping pong tables, bocci ball, checker boards, shuffle board and corn hole sets ring the property.  Jenga games are on the tables.  Much laughter and goodness going on.  A must do when in philly.My husband sandwich was served when I was almost done eating, and I am a slow eater.  No explanation for the delay, they didn't seem very busy.  An explanation would have gone a long way with us, got a quick 'sorry' instead.Being from a state that does not offer beer gardens, this was a pretty cool environment to hang out in. However, it was a really hot and humid day when we went and this place would really benefit from some ceiling fans that go with the decor or possible even industrial fans in the corner. We would have definitely stayed longer if either of those were present.So many mice everywhere. They live on those wooden/steel separations. It's pretty gross. The bartenders weren't very nice and the price for the amount of food we got was pretty sad. But really, the mice.A pop-up outdoor beer garden with nice upcycled vintage touches, giant Jenga, bean bags, and other games? Sign me up for this chill summer place! Good local beer selection- bypass the lame Lite beer selection by the game side, and go full on Drinking Locally at the main bar with your Yard's, Victory, and others. 
Didn't mind at all sitting on tree stumps, but was jealous of the people that snagged picnic tables and Adirondack chairs. The seating space underneath the building is way too loud (the science of concrete acoustics and people drinking!), but there's plenty of seating elsewhere if you can snag it. 
Servers do the rounds, or get your own drinks at the bars. Bathrooms are on site, too, making this an all encompassing beer garden for after work, or after your tired tourist feet can't take any more.Unique experience.  That's for sure.  We sat outside on tree stumps (yes, I said tree stumps).  We drank some unique beer and had a bite to eat.  Don't come here entirely for the food because you'll be disappointed.  It all seemed to be generic frozen stuff.  But the beer was cold and the atmosphere and people watching was interesting.  If you're looking for a fun experience in the heart of Philly, check this place out.If a beer hall could fully embody The Fresh Prince's "Summertime" (admittingly a way's a way from West Philadelphia), this spots the ticket. While in a prime section of Independence Mall, it keeps a real social, authentic alternative to the touristy crowd that passes by most days. End your night here!I love the Independence Beer Garden.  It's the best summer addition to Philadelphia in a couple of years.  It has a European feeling about it.  Is it perfect?  No.  A place this large will occasionally stumble.  But I hope it pops up every summer in Philadelphia.
My experience from three times being there is:
1)  Service is fine.  Minimal waits and everything comes much quicker than I would expect with the crowds jamming in here.
2)  Every one who works at IBG is friendly.  "Chill" is the key word here.
3) Beers are good ... but this is my only complaint.  The serving size is too small.  Bigger would be better.
4)  Food is okay for such a place.  Not gourmet...but not McDonalds either.
5)  Games are good here.  Love the cornhole and pong.  Might like shuffleboard but I don't know how to play it.
Both of my thumbs up to the Independence Beer Garden..Nice beer selection and great atmosphere. The place has far more seating options then you first realize. Had fun with checkers and Jenga on our table. Only tried the popcorn for a snack but there were lots of options at a reasonable price for lite food options.Would be 1 star but I feel I should go easy since it just opened a couple of days ago. Came here for lunch and my fathers burger was sour tasting(so odd, kinda scary), he sent it back which he never does. I had the chicken cutlet, roll was very hard. It took 15 minutes for the server to bring me my beer(it arrived same time as the food) he said the bar was backed up never in my life have i heard that at 2PM. The kitchen is really small, I feel they will continue to struggle pumping out food with all the traffic. Sitting in the breezeway was nice and cool, and baggo and ping pong tables are a good touch. Oh and burgers were 9 bucks each with no fries, and we got an order of wings and they are the size of my thumb. I would definitely recommend stopping in for a beer, maybe they will fix the food in time...but seeing how small the kitchen is I have little faith.Great place for drinks & a cool atmosphere but HORRIBLE food. Just a tiny strip of fish for tacos. Then I asked for a medium burger with only lettuce. They brought out a full burger with all the fixings on it. I returned it & the bun still tasted like pickle & it was a well done burger  The bun was a potato bun & got drenched in all the grease & turned horrible real quick  Just go for drinks!!!Such a cute little beer garden situated outside what seems like a regular corporate building. Picnic benches all around a bar with lights hung. Happy hour is great here. There's some light snacks on the menu and a pretty solid selection of beer choices. There are 2 or 3 fire pits and if it's not lit, you can ask them to. Popcorn seems like the popular food item here. There are also some games in the back area like cornhole and shuffleboard. All around a good time, especially if you come with friends.I want to take a minute and thank the managers Kevin and Big Joe. They were an amazing help tonight with my group of 20+ people. Here to celebrate an engagement that happened at Independence Hall, the couple was able to walk down to the beer garden and be surprised by their family and friends with party poppers to elevate the excitement. Kevin assured us that our party would be taken care of during this special night. So beyond happy with their service and I would recommended this beer garden for any occasion, big or small!We ended our first night in Philly with a drink here.  It was super calm because it was Sunday at 9pm.  The bartender was very friendly and let me sample a beer before I chose.  I'd return to this place and recommend it to anyone looking for a nice place to enjoy a good beer!The ambiance of this spot is fun and trendy, yet obviously there are better watering holes to be had in the city. But that being said it is a fun summertime hangout and I enjoyed my time here. 
I went on a Saturday night so it was definitely packed and crazy. Thankfully we scored a table, because it would not have been a fun night at all standing up and juggling our beers. 
The service was kinda spotty since they are way understaffed. The beer garden could stand to hire a few more more waiters as they were not always easy to find.
The beers were very overpriced, but that was to be expected I suppose. But $12 for a cup of cider is cray. 
The beer list and little food menu are varied and has something for everyone. I was thrilled to see my favorite IPA on the list and stuck to that all night. 
Where it kinda falls apart for me is the ignorant security staff. As soon as the clock strikes 2am the guards scream at patrons to leave. Kinda puts a damper on your night, getting screamed at in the face. I can understand not serving any more beer after 2am but for christ's sake give me a minute to finish it and leave! It is very obvious that they just wanted to get home. 
Although I would go back, it's not my favorite spot and I wouldn't go out of my way to go again.This place is great when its not Center City Sips! I made the mistake of trying to come here on a Wednesday at 5 PM and that was a BAD idea. However, on a Monday night around 8, there are tables to choose from and spaces at the bar to stand around. We tried some of their food offerings while playing chess. We had the pickle chips (yum!), the mahi-mahi tacos (fresh and summery), and the filet o' fish (no my fave). I'd definitely like to come back to try the bucket specials (the fried chicken was calling my name) and the croquet monsieur. Hopefully, I can before summer is out!The place and ambience are great!! Perfect to get together with friends and get drinks !!
Their peach shandy is excellent.
I am sorry to say the food was not that good, I got the fish and chips and was very bland, also the wings needed some extra seasoning. The Mac and cheese was actually tasty.
The ambience and drinks is what makes this place cool!! They have games on some tables for you to play, like jenga!I really like it here. There is ample space for shade and/or sun - depending on your preference. You can play ping pong or corn-hole; activities are always a plus in my book.
The beer selection is good - as are the beer inspired cocktails. 
I've come here early-evening and I have no complaints about the crowds which have been minimal/manageable at that hour.I waited in line 25 minutes to go to the bathroom which they are clearly undermanned for. Overpaid for drinks and the service was terrible. Will never go again.Beer selection - 4
Food - 3+
Service - 4
Prices - 3
Atmosphere/setting/location - 5+
This fairly new beer garden and pub food/snacks place is a lot of fun to go to when you're in the mood for an outdoor setting (across the street from the Liberty Bell), some good beers, and decent pub food/snacks. We enjoyed the BBQ Pork Empanada and the Cheese Curds. Nice selection of craft brews, both local and national, in cans and on tap.  The canned beers are kind of expensive (e.g., $6.00 for a can of Flying Fish Summer Ale?) but the setting is nice enough, the service friendly, and the food pretty good so we were OK with the beer prices. Definitely will be back to IBG the next time we're down in that part of the city.Went for drinks and dinner with a friend and was really dissatisfied. The ability to sit outdoors and not be on the street plus the company were the two redeeming qualities of the evening. 
The drinks were so so and very inconsistent. We ended up with two servers, one which was ok and the other who just kept saying how unacceptable it was that our food was taking so long, or how unacceptable the wait was for him to bring us water. I got the feeling that he utters the word unacceptable all the time with regard to wait times and his service. Anyhow, the mahi mahi tacos were very over cooked and pretty lame overall. The chips were ok but the guacamole serving was minuscule. The cheese curds were also just ok but dripping in grease, I mean fried cheese, how wrong can it be? 
If you feel like you just have to try it out as I did, just go for a drink and choose somewhere else for food. This city is full of too many beautiful places to drink and dine that there is no reason to suffer with poor food and so-so service. I wish I had listened to the other reviews I read and just ate elsewhere.I've been here twice now, and I've had two completely different experiences.
The first time I went was on a Tuesday for a friend's birthday. It wasn't very busy, but we still had terrible service. The waitress was nowhere to be found, and when she was around, she was very rude. We weren't a large group- probably 6 people. Nevertheless, the food was amazing. The cheese curds are the bomb. I also really liked the pretzel bites and the sliders. All of these food items are super cheap on happy hour until 7. They have a good beer selection. Since it wasn't too crowded on a Tuesday, we were able to play all of the games. They have connect four, corn hole, shuffle board, and Jenga. It's definitely a fun place for a birthday party. 
The second time I went was this past Friday. This time, the staff was wonderful! Our waiter was very at tentative and checked on us frequently. I ordered the double decker burger and it was awesome. Very juicy and cheesy! The games were a little harder to get to because it was a Friday, but it was a ton of fun!Dear IBG,
In the wise words of CAKE, "I want to love you madly". 
But this is definitely one of those situations where I'm kind of forcing myself to love you because you're just so damn perfect, in theory. 
In theory, you are a spacious & summery destination to drink my face off and play giant versions of all my favorite drinking games.
In actuality, you are a spacious & summery, over-crowded as all hell, heavily dominated by bros, culinarily mediocre, sorta overpriced destination to drink my face off and watch other people play giant versions of all my favorite drinking games.
But since it's summer and I've always had an affinity for unrealistic expectations, you get 4 stars.What is more America then drinking beers across the street from the liberty bell? 
Epic outdoor seating with jumbo Jenga and pitchers. It is a super chill environment with Dave Mathews and Jack Johnson playing in the background. Music is not to loud so it is perfect for chazzing it up with friends. 
Don't forget to stop by the liberty bell after for a selfie!Service was okay, drinks were okay, fries were okay.  Sitting on a chunk of a log, meh.  I like beer gardens, but I prefer the ones done by PHS and/or city parks. I think a little more thought goes into them.Food was okay.  Had the fish and chips...the only thing I didn't like was the fact the menus aparently change periodically, but I don't recall seeing the prices.  All told, for four small pieces of mahi mahi, lots of shoestring fries and a coke, the bill was $18!  
I don't think I'm going back anytime soon.  If prices drop on lunch items a little, I would consider returning.Sooo we were at the beer garden for happy hour. Everyone and everything was great. Until at 645 this two big guys came over to the bar area and took our stools/chair.  Because it gets "to crowed" well don't put chairs on the first place !! It was super rude. People were eating and now they need to stand to eat?!  BAD SO BADMy husband and I went here for the first time recently and we loved it! The drinks were really great. The food was delicious and the portions were big. The bartenders were so nice and really on top of things. They were good about keeping our drinks refilled. The space is amazing. We loved the overall decor and look of everything. It's very relaxed. Perfect for a date or hanging out with friends. This is a place we will definitely be visiting again!Great atmosphere and drinks!  Unfortunately the food is another question. Cold appetizers with very disappointed hot wings. Amazing flavor intolerant the meat became visibly pink! Undercooked even after informing them of it. :-(Where's the love for this place? Maybe we went on opposite day, but we had a lovely time here.
Fresh off seeing the Liberty Bell, we were drawn in by the fabulous patio that snakes its way around the building. Rustic and industrial, it's an unusual contrast against the stuffy office building it is attached to. We were immediately seated at a picnic table stocked with Jenga and Connect Four. There are other types of chairs an tables, greenery blocking the out some of the city sights and sounds, and cute lights strung along the steel I-beams that frame the beer garden. It doesn't feel like you're in Philly or a city at all.
I ordered the ginger radler, while my friends had beer and whiskey. The radler was ok, not as good as I was expecting. I probably wouldn't order it again. They have a decent beer list, their cocktail list is ok, but they do need to build out their wine offerings a bit more.
This was a perfect little excuse to get out of the hot sun and relax for a bit. If you're near Independence Hall, check it out.Cool spot to check out while it's nice out in philly. There are TONS of bars so getting a drink isn't insanely difficult like most pop ups or outdoor bars. You can also play oversized Jenga, corn hole, fooz ball, etc... at various spots throughout the bar. I definitely recommend giving it a shot!Great atmosphere, but they are definitely still working out all the kinks here. The food was decent, but we waited about 45 minutes for a pitcher of beer. We were understanding that they had just opened and such, but that is a long time.. I wish the waitress had just told us to order cans/bottles because they would come out quicker. 
I will definitely go back in a month or so and hopefully they will have things more sorted out.Overall a great place to come hang with a group or go on a date...went opening weekend Saturday night with my girlfriend for a few drinks. Great atmosphere in independence mall, good drink selection, unless your not a beer drinker....it's a beer garden!!! Waited a bit longer than acceptable at the bar before I was noticed or got some attention, but I get it's only open 4 days. Definitely would go back & hope the minor negatives are worked out. Looking forward to my next visit.Fun games! Huge connect four and ping pong really made the night even more fun! Definitely a fun place to bring a group of friends, chill, and throw a few cold ones or meet new fun people. Food is a bit on the pricey side thoughMy favorite beer garden in Philly of all that I've been to. The beer selection is great and the decor makes you forget you're in the middle of a city. Didn't eat but the food looked and smelled good for a beer garden. Definitely a great day drinking place.Racist. 
I feel bad for the bartender who just took our order. He might be ignorant, we don't know, but we felt we were treated badly because this person doesn't know what a puertorican looks like. He refused our ID. Hell, I didn't even show mine because I refuse to give these people a penny. 
We have 3 forms of ID (military and passports) and the general idea here was "this can't be real id because you don't LOOK puertorican". I've been here before and service has been bland. This takes the cake though. 
My friend felt so bad, we ended up returning the beer to the bar. Killed the mood. 
Never again.Really cool hang out spot with tables and lounge/outside chairs. It was a Sunday night and they ran out of a lot of their draft beers which is why this place didn't get a 5, but I guess since it's so popular, I can't really hold it against them.it's hard to find nice spots to hang out outdoors in Philly so independence beer garden was a nice change ! they did it right and did it big. enough stuff to keep all your friends happy. the food was good, large portions ! bathrooms are kinda weird but they did what they can. table service is very slow, but you can always order at the bar.The good:
Nice atmosphere, young professional crowd, especially happy hour, good beer selection.
The bad:
Service terrible. Be prepared to wait an hour or more for your food order. Too few wait staff to serve the crowd. 
The conclusion
Get your drinks at the bar, eat elsewhere.Shouldn't even give one star. A person came by and took my drink and threw it away. I said excuse me I was drinking that- she said it looked almost done- then asked what I was drinking. I told her and she came back with a shot glass filled with something mix of juice. Giving the place the benefit of the doubt I went to the bar and  explained. Bartender says- "well how much was left in your drink?" I said okay to two bartenders "I just want to make sure this is how you do business?" A shrug was confirmation that yes this is considered normal practice. Avoid this place at all costs- it's weird.cool location,amazing place to have some beer, play giant checkers or Jenga and chillFun outdoor beer garden with a selection of games. We parked in a nearby garage and decided to make a stop here before heading home. The place is huge (more space to sit/lounge in the back by the bathrooms). 
We thoroughly enjoyed the shuffle board and some large connect four. There were some checkers throughout the tables (closer to the bar) and ping pong. Beer gardens aren't complete without some cornhole. The drinks were ok. Got the cranberry vodka and a draft beer. Unfortunately the drinks came out kinda diluted.I'm a big fan of frequenting beer gardens throughout the city and independence is definitely my favorite! I love how much space there is and even when it is crowded like on a Saturday afternoon you are able to find a place to sit with a group. They have a great selection of craft beers and snacks and the service is always very good. They have a big selection of games to play so you won't get bored spending the whole afternoon/evening there. Definitely a 5-star place, looking forward to many more good times here throughout the season!Was here on Sunday, and was pleasantly surprised that it was FAR less crowded than Morgans Pier, we could actually get a seat/table. Love that it is such a big space and the atmosphere is pretty laid back. Didn't try food, but cocktails were overpriced as were the draft beers. I get that it's a seasonal novelty, but $7 for a draft is a little crazy. The bathrooms are absolutely atrocious. They are like hot, mini trailers. There was no toilet paper ... water/dirt everywhere...and no soap for the entire 2.5 hour period I was there. Awful. Similar to last year, staff could pretty much care less.Tons of different games to play here. Lots of drink choices. Amazing location. Easy parking garages literally within feet of the entrance.This is a pretty cool spot. It's self service. They have some decent beers on tap. It's deceptively large. The garden is split up into lots of different areas. There are a lot of different games on the property. It kind of reminds me of Frankford Hall. It's very pretty and a nice oasis in such a busy area of the city. It's right under the Dow chemical building across from the liberty bell if you are having trouble finding it. Beer gardens are a thing now; a positive trend in my opinion. Just embrace it.  Only real negative at the moment is that randomly the music got super loud which was unnecessary.A change!
Well me and my wife went on a Sunday night and the atmosphere was good. There is parking at a garage like across from this place to eat and it is reasonably priced for being in the city. 
Me and my wife ordered the feta, watermelon, and cherry tomato salad and really enjoyed it. We were a little disappointed as it didn't have the mint leaves in it as was on the menu.
Next we had the wings and they were good. They had just enough crunch and were not dried out. Their ranch sauce was good and it tasted like it was homemade. They also give you a buffalo sauce on the side to dip them in. 
We also ordered the cheese curds. The cheese was good, but we were not impressed with the crust. Everything out the door including tip was less than $40.Such a hidden gem in Philadelphia. I think this place is only two summers old. Great tap selection and decent bar type food. We came after 12:30am at least and the place was packed with all 20's and 30 year old. No under agers and no one over 40 for sure! Good bartering service for such a busy place! Wraps all the way around so take a stroll and see what it is all about. Only downside, I saw people playing jenga but they didn't have enough games for everyone I guess. I know they do beer pong tables and other games like that but was told because it was so busy they closed all the gamesStopped here on a sunny Monday afternoon for lunch and drinks.
The cocktail and draft beer selections were great!  The food was amazing too.  The location is perfect for people/tourist watching!I love the concept and it is beautifully decorated. 
The bad: 
BATHROOMS ARE DISGUSTING! Since this is only open during the warm months it makes the bathrooms even grosser b/c they're in this tin trailer with no ventilation. It was hot and muggy and smelly. I felt so bad for the bathroom attendant. 
I wish they had more games on all the tables but the ones they did have looked like fun. The side with the bathroom had fire pits which would be nice on the days it gets colder. 
I'd come back but with a group of friends. It doesn't really seem like a good place to meet other people b/c of the layout and how spread out everything was.Found the worst cheesesteak in Philly. Thin on meat and cheese leaving the dried out bread to thirst for flavor. The food is not good but at least the service is slow. It's a tired place that's only ok if you're desperate. Try another place.Worse service ever. Bartender gave the wrong change and when I called him out on it they kicked me out...thanks for robbing me!Good food. Nice environment. Nice place to sit people watch eat and get some great beerOverall, the Independence Beer Garden is one of my favorite beer gardens in Philadelphia. It's located right in Old City, and close to a lot of other attractions. The ambiance is what you would expect of a beer garden - open concept, large picnic tables, outside games (corn hole, ping pong etc.). During our last visit, the beer and cocktails were pretty good and reasonably priced. We ordered a couple of small plates - pretzel bites, wings, and fries - as well as a cheeseburger. All the food was good except the chicken wings. They were not cooked all the way through. The inside of one of the chicken wings was pink. After reporting it to the waiter, the manager came out and apologized. He even gave us a round of beer on the house.This place was awesome, we had a great time here. Utilizing the vast sea of concrete and gravel  around a large office building, this beer garden was truly visionary. A true Beer Garden by definition, this place hits on everything perfectly. Great service, games, and beer! Philadelphia is lucky to have this place, and I hope they continue to support it well so that we may visit it again when we return in the future.Great place to hang out for the summers. i suggest to Keep your phone home  and come indulge with the crowd and play the djenga, chess checkers corn hole ping pong . Beer selection is good, and the bartenders and the waiters are very nice and amicable. Their Food compliments the beer well, and they have the right selection for that on menu. Also, the location is perfect that there is always a good breeze to keep the temperatures cool.We were there on a Sunday afternoon/evening. Service was good, food was great, drinks were good. I agree with others, layout is a little weird but didn't really bother me. 
I would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the bathrooms. The handicap stall in the woman's restroom has no light. Even in the middle of the afternoon I had to use the flashlight on my iPhone. I'm glad I did because I promptly ran out of there (so gross). The girl cleaning it was trying to keep up so I don't blame her. Just GET SOME LIGHTING in your bathrooms!This place is dope. Located in the middle of Philly, this bar is surprisingly massive. It's hip, it's cool, and it's perfect for large groups. They have huge long tables, games, and most importantly, pretty decent drinks.Food: 3
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4
Value: 3.5
Very cool and sprawling spot. Better spot to go with a group of friends, and then that is assuming you can find a table. Food is okay.So let me tell you, I looove some good bar games and Independence Beer Garden has the best outdoor line-up I've ever seen. I had an absolute blast here. The atmosphere was summery and full of young pros shooting the crap and unwinding on a Tuesday night. Exactly what I needed. Ping pong, full court shuffle board, corn hole, and a huge Connect Four making it Disneyland for tipsy adults. 
Excellent beer selection at a reasonable (for its location) price. Didn't try the food, but it smelled and looked pretty delicious. Hope they pull out the heat lamps for fall because this is one of the most fun spots in Philly. Right across from the Liberty Bell too, tourists, so take in that relic of American history and then imbibe like your forefathers would.Loved this spot. Came highly recommended by several locals. Charming outdoor atmosphere and good food. We had the asparagus beet salad w/ shrimp, cauliflower, corn, and mahi tacos.  We had local beer offerings and server was very friendly and helpful. Very attentive and gave some decent suggestions.  We would go back. Very charming and great location to npsI think if this place wants to succeed into its contract they need to do the following :
Hire more staff 
Potentially have a beer stand or two to avoid patrons having to wait in crazy lines for a cold one 
Lowering the price point or providing guests more booze for their buck .
Came here post HH in search of lumberjacks ( Obvi not for me ) 
The guy to girl ratio is solid so ladies if you are in the market for a new beau perhaps head here instead of l'tage on a Friday night .
Usually pitchers offer a better value so we opted for a pitcher if a cocktail featuring the rhubarb tea from art in the age.
The pitcher was 75% ice so we probably would have been better off getting our own drinks. 
Its pretty chaotic here and again lines are hella long . I may be back before the weather turns bad but i probably won't go out of my way to do soGreat place to hang out outside with friends. Lots of seating and even with crowds , you are served relatively quickly. There are a bunch of fun games to play, if you are into that (e.g. Shuffle board, beanbag toss, giant connect four etc).This is a great place to go with a large group of friends for a beer to just hang out, play some board games and enjoy the good weather. They have a good selection of beers available as well as a few options for food.After reading the following City Paper quote - "don't miss the cheese curds, light little poufs of tempura-fried Vermont goodness served with sweet, smoky tomato jam, the marinara to these new-school mozzarella sticks" - I was super pumped to try the little guys. But unfortunately... wah, wah, waaaaaah. 
If you're expecting Cow and the Curd status yumminess, you'll probably be as let down as I was.  Don't get me wrong. I still ate my share. Because, you know, fried cheese. But they were not quite the tasty "light little poufs" that I was hoping for.
However, atmosphere is fantastic. Love me a good spot for some outdoor drinking, as well as a good place to wet my whistle while out of towner guests brave the madness that is the Liberty Bell line. But the price point did seem a wee bit high to me.  Also, I was expecting my watermelon sangria to be light and refreshing, but it was sickeningly sweet instead.  
I'd come back, but I'd probably just stick with ordering a beer. Now there's a novel thought, Shauna. Beer at a beer garden. Genius.Beautiful ambience with rustic beer kegs, cool greenery, and neat selection of beers. Service was pleasant and decent choice of foods.The beer garden was the best happy hour I been to in the city. They have $5 fried honey wings, drinks and beer... you can't beat that. The independence beer garden gets really packed in the summer time especially during Philly sips Wednesday's so I suggest you get there early.Ladies and gentlemen we may have a winner for one of the all time great places! What can I say but this place is simply fantastic! To start it's Wednesday and they have happy hour from 5-7, now needless to say almost every bar has happy hour from 5-7 on a Wednesday because that's what they do but IBG takes it over the top! Let's start off by saying they serve that fine 21st amendment hell or high water! And the games are unreal! Cornhole! Coming from a guy that grew up in the birthplace of cornhole I must say the locals of Philadelphia are not that good! Anyway overall grand experience that I think everyone would enjoy!Beautiful, beautiful setting and would be enjoyable to watch a game at the bar. Unfortunately the multiple bartenders had the nastiest attitudes I have ever encountered. We were sitting at the bar enjoying our beers and they made us get off the stools so they could remove them and took all the seating away from the bar. Even while other customers were eating. It was pulling teeth to get another beer. Cornhole and checkers were jammed packed. They need new management and servers.Such a fun summer spot to have drinks and spend time with friends! There are a lot of different parts of this beer garden. The bar and tables between two buildings can get really loud due to echoes, but there is another bar along the outside of the building that is more quiet. 
In terms of food, they have bar food (fries and things). It's a beer garden, so of course beer is the focus, however they have other drinks too. It can be a bit pricey, but craft beer often is. Pitchers are available to share too.
They have tons of games at the tables (Jenga, etc). I will definitely be back!Very expensive drinks that are very hard to obtain. It took us around 15 minutes to order a drink and then paid $10/drink. The atmosphere is fun and exciting but the prices keep you from being a regular.Loved this place!
There are a couple of different sitting areas with different themes.  I thought that was pretty cool.  There were a lot of games spread throughout each area. The food was Ok.  Most importantly the beer was cold and we arrived just in time for happy hour.
I really love the location and the waitresses were awesome.  It was very laid back even though we were are in a busy part of the city.  I wouldn't change anything.  We will be back!Pretty dope little spot. Decent sized beer list, liquor and food selection. Awesome atmosphere! Tons of outdoor space, lighting and fun games to play. Definitely grab a beer here.
My only complaint is the bathrooms were horrible, but you can't expect much from a bar.I went to the Independence Beer Garden within the first week of its opening, and I was utterly disappointed. My friends and I were so excited to finally try out the cute beer garden that is reminiscent of a trendy beach bar at the shore. Although there was a decent line by the time we arrived, it luckily didn't take long at all. Unfortunately, that was the only positive we experienced all night. 
A group of our friends were already inside but before meeting up with them, my roommate and I decided to get our first round of drinks at the bar to the left after you walk in. That was our first mistake. We waited at the bar for 30 minutes before we were even acknowledged. There was three bartenders and one bar back, and although I understand that a bar back cannot serve anyone, he literally served zero purpose behind the bar. His presence merely annoyed everyone who was waiting even more since he was essentially taking up space when having a fourth bartender would have been more efficient.  
The bartender finally took our drink order - two peach shandys and a hopdevil. Not too difficult in my opinion. When she handed us our peach shandys the glasses were three quarters full. Even two guys at the end of the bar were shocked by the obvious lack of beer in our glasses. The bartender came back and said the hopdevil had been kicked. So I ordered a Sam Adams next. She came back and said they had run out of Sam Adams. So my third choice was a Firestone and low and behold.... drum roll please.... No more Firestone! I told her to pick whatever was left so she handed me a Troegs. When I asked her to top off our peach shandys she just rolled her eyes and didn't say anything. Honestly, it was pretty poor service from a bartender with '15 years of experience.'
Not only did they not have any beer that I asked for, the beer they did have was warm. I don't think a cold beer is asking too much from a beer garden. 
Overall it was a terrible first experience, but I would give it a second shot during the day.When I think summer nights in Philly I always remember going to the Independence beer garden. Not only is it a popular spot but the drinks are at a good price and the food is simple bar food done well. The setting is magnificent; looking out at independence hall in the night sky. One of the reasons I am not a huge fan of traditional bars is they get loud and crowded but here being out in the open makes it feel like a party. There might be a lot of people there but it never feels as claustrophobic as a dark dingy room. Without all the wall the sound doesn't get trapped so the volume stays nice and low. This is a great place to go for a nice drink during the summer.Came here when I visited philly and had a great time. They have moderately priced pitchers and a great selection of beers. We didn't have any trouble finding a table for 6 and it wasn't too crowded mid-day on a saturday (although it was really cold that day). This beer garden is a wind tunnel so I suggest coming here bundled up on breezy days. For bar snacks, I recommend the popcorn and the fries.Really fun place to relax and spend a afternoon/night. Several little bars, fun backyard style seating and neighborhood atmosphere. They have jenga, corn hole, shuffle board, connect 4 and more. The food looked pretty good for the price. Beer was priced good but drinks come in a small plastic cup for $7-10. Not worth getting a drink. Mixed crowd and very friendly staff. We  had a really nice time and would return.Visited on a very packed late Friday evening and was expecting a little more but still had a good time per the awesome company and friendly neighbors that we shared a table with. This place has amazing space and is definitely a perfect place for some sort of group event/outing. There weren't many drink or food specials and prices weren't too great but we ended up splurging on (too) many rounds of drinks anyway and enjoyed some really yummy chicken tenders and fries that tasted extra orgasmic on our drunk palettes. 
The ambiance was good and the overhead night lights were adorable. Extra activities such as ping pong was available but limited with only 2 tables for the extremely large space and crowd. Still nursing 2 ginormous mosquito bites from that evening so next time I'm going to cover up some more or bring some DEETNice place to stop and have a beer with family or friends. Great outdoor setting, very different. It was a little warm when we went but still enjoyable and fun.It's a great place to go where it's clean,  filled with yuppies and young ass puppies. A nice place to walk about, have a drink and see what's happening amongst the younger crowdGo for the beer, not the food. There is a good selection of beer (a bit over priced) and of course a great atmosphere to enjoy the outdoor seating. I've gone twice and the food both times was just blah. It's such a let down considering the owner is the same as Sampan which has some of the best food in the city. The Spicy Shrimp Sandwich had absolutely zero flavor. The fries were no different than any other diner in the USA.The grilled chicken sandwich actually does taste like some of the better airplane food, but is that what they're going for? Everything is just "Blah" at best. Such a let down for the food. I will continue to go every once in a while for a beer, but never for food. I really want to like this place.Loved the scenery and draft selection! The happy hour menu had a great selection for a great price. The board games are a nice touch. Definetly will be back whenever I'm in the area.