We went for my husbands birthday in a fairly large group. The service and food were all outstanding. We all had a great time and enjoyed a variety of apps, drinks and entrees.. Everyone left stuffed and happy. We will be back! Thanks for making our celebration a memorable night.We were just here on Sunday with our family and decided to come back on date night! Food is delicious! Staff is very pleasant and the atmosphere is great! We will be regulars here for sure.This is a fabulous restaurant (with a terrible name...gotta say I judged them for that at first). This place does true Indian fusion and pulls it off well! With a group of four, we ordered 3-4 small plates, 2 half-sized vegetarian entrees and one full sized meat entree. While the portions looked small (we literally laughed when they brought out our very tasty half portion of squash), we all left feeling full and happy. Some highlights were the spinach chaat (amazing! crispy!) and the naan pizza. Great cocktails too. 
The food is better than Bindi and its less pretentious and more interesting than Tashan. Seriously. A new favorite in midtown village.Just tried to eat here but it's restaurant week only. Also, one of the first places I've been where they didn't accommodate my request to sit beside my husband. This place had really good ratings and decor but alas, off to Cuba Libre instead.I had the pleasure of sampling the life changing "Drums of Heaven", at the Midtown Village Festival and it was love at first bite.
A friend & I made a reservation (which I STRONGLY suggest doing) for a Saturday evening and we were seated immediately. The place is beautiful, candlelit tables, great service and knowledgeable servers a very intimate setting (yes by intimate I do mean small). 
The food, seemingly looks like it wouldn't be filling (clearly I was an Indian food virgin), I had the Seafood Moilee (I may have spelled that incorrectly) along with the drums of Heaven and everything was perfect, the food came out in a timely manner, no complaints about that whatsoever. The only thing I'd suggest is to request to be seated near the wall, as we were seated in the center and constantly had to deal with being bumped by bussers, waiters & waitresses and passersby.We went here for the restaurant week and sampled the fixed course. I was not happy about the lack of vegetarian entrees on the restaurant week menu. [Yes I could have ordered the main menu but I wanted to sample the 'specials'] 
The food was pretty damn good, it did exceed my expectations but it wasn't the most authentic. After going up and down the coast and sampling the Indian restaurants I appreciate good stuff but I still can never find many places with the authentic taste. 
The restaurant is a bit tight with space but is tastefully decorated. It is definitely expensive and not your weekend takeout staple.Amazing
Crispy spinach chaat was so good! I could of ordered  a second had another glass of wine and been satisfied. However we ordered more and everything was amazing! Paneer masala lamb and the special seafood dish!! I can wait to go back. Our waitress was wonderful, making perfect suggestion!Checked in on 8/1/2016.
They have express lunch specials in which you can choose one savory snack and one entree.  We ordered 2 of these deals:
1) Crispy Spinach Chaat and Lollipop Lamb Chops:  The chaat and lamb chops were excellent.  The spinach was crispy and the sauce coating the spinach was a perfect balance of tangy and sweet.  The lamb was soft and had nice marination.  I am biased towards Lamb sourced from New Zealand and when I see those magic words on the menu card of a restaurant, I can't help but order the dish.  The only complaint with lamb chops was that they were smaller than I've eaten in other comparable restaurants.  Now, I also have to add that price at IndeBlue for this dish was lower than the other restaurants.  So, I guess, you pay less and you get less.  
2) Drums of heaven and Malai Kofta Bukhara:  Drums of heaven were cooked perfectly and were big in size.  I would have liked them more if they were spicier and not so sweet.  Malai Kofta was excellent.  The gravy had lot of flavor, the koftas were soft and tasty.
I would rate the food 4.75/5.
Service was exactly what I expect when I eat out.  The timing between the courses was perfect, the temperature of the food was hot when served, the plating of the food was good, the utensils were clean, the hostess was polite, the server asked if we were done before removing the empty plates.  Everything was perfect.  Service was 5/5.
Summary:  IndeBlue is a beautifully decorated restaurant, in downtown Philly, that serves tasty Indian cuisine with high service standards.So good!  Excellent, high quality Indian Food.  The best naan I have ever had, which is a bold statement!What a great find, my bae took me here for my birthday. It's a great spot, we really liked the decor and dim lighting, a perfect spot for a date night or a dinner night with family. 
We tried their multi course meal and we were blown away by the food and service. We tried -
1) Crab Dosa and Fish Tacos for Apps
2) Shrimp Curry and Panner Masala, with assorted naans as entrees
3) Kulfi, Chocolate Mousse with tea as the last course
We really liked the flavor profile of our food, everything was really good but Crab dosa was my favorite, though we were hesitant to try dosa with seafood filing but it turned out to be really delicious.Our server was super nice and the service was extremely good. 
Thank you, IndeBlue for making my birthday special.Came to 13th street with a hankering for brunch and wanted Green Egg Cafe; the wait was too long so on a whim I wandered in here, following the "brunch" sign outside and having no idea it was an Indian infusion joint. Sooooo glad I did! Enjoying an amazing spicy chicken and waffles now after an appetizer of a lamb meat poutine and washing it down with a chai sangria. Great find!Awesome service. Food was excellent (pork bhuna, scallops, spinach chaat, kheer). Service was top notch. Bar tender was super friendly. Love the spicy cocktails. Especially the lychee chili margarita.I've been there twice now. First time with a big party and the food was pretty tasty and service was great.
Second time was even better. We went for the tasting menu - you get to pick two dishes out of each section of their menu - and the food was just unbelievable. Lamb skewers, barbecued pork and stuffed eggplant were remarkable. Service was again spot on.Visiting from out of town and was drawn to this place after walking the streets....the food was phenomenal and the service was even better. 5 stars. I had tofu chili and vegetable samosa. Excellent!I often dont love when Indian food is dressed up and become fancy. I have been to several such establishments in DC and NY and usually just leave feeling like though I ate good food I would love some more of the more traditional dishes or at least takes on them. IndeBlue manages to provide good service charming decor while cooking up some traditional (with slight twists) indian dishes. The Naan is executed perfectly with tremendous fluff and flavor. One of the most popular dishes seemed to be the fried cauliflower which was a huge portion though in my opinion not flavorful enough. Overall a great indian restaurant in Philadelphia, possibly my favorite.Great fusion of indian and western flavors. 
I had the spicy chicken and waffles which had a nice zing and my wife had the chicken tikka wrap. 
Only issue was that we got there without a reservation and they said all of their tables were booked. We sat at the bar without a problem, but there were tables open the entire time we were there up until we left. Unclear why they wouldn't seat us back food was great so I"d recommend it!It took a while to have meal ready but the bartender was really nice and cute.
The food we ordered was good specially the chicken and pancake one. Love it! Don't recommend curry platter. Not that good in my opinion.Live music, crispy spinach chat and thali, just made my Sunday lunch a memorable one.I initially came here just to wait for friends who were LATE. I became enamored with the elegant decor and tasty food! Good for Indian food lovers as well as those who are wary of the cuisine. My favorite thing is the gharwali, sort of pita with mozzarella and baby spinach baked inside. Totally wonderful. They easily accommodate vegan and gluten free eaters and the staff is very friendly and efficient. You can get a drink an app for under $10 or get the chef's tasting menu with wine for $65. Lots of options in between these price points. Gorgeous and delicious!a celiac dream, "regular" eater-of-foods dream, too! lovelovelove They have cider too. (Gluten free naan is a bit pancake-y for me), but I've never had a bad meal there. Small spot so don't expect to go with a large amount of peopleI had lunch here today and opted for the non vegetarian thali for $17 (over the lunch special of starter and entree). The thali consisted of lamb korma, chicken tikka masala, dal makhani, mixed indian pickle, raita, 5 naan quarters and kheer. Each dish was surprisingly full of flavor. I would highly recommend this place for lunch.Hands down the best indian food in Philly. Dal Makhani is to die for. The crispy spinach chat is a great concept and texturally brilliant. Not to miss at all.Great food and Live Sitar and Tabla you can't ask for more! !! Came here for our first anniversary and we had a great time. A must go for all the indian who miss the indian thali specially.Philly isn't known for its Indian food, but Indeblue is hands down the best option in the city. It is an upscale restaurant with a beautiful ambiance in the heart of Center City. The food is incredible and service is knowledgeable and fantastic. Tables aren't terribly difficult to get so I don't think you even need to make a reservation unless it's during prime brunch hours. Happy hour offerings are terrific. The tikka naan pizza here is the bomb and a great deal at $5! Their express lunch is also great at $15. Their spinach chaat is very popular but I'm not a fan. Personal menu highlights: chicken madras, chicken makhani, and tikka naan pizza. I've also ordered catering from here for a school event and it was executed smoothly. 5/5Excellent and innovative Indian cuisine. The cocktails are also original and elegant - try the spicy lychee martini or the mango margarita. Beautiful restaurant and very attentive service. 
Happy hour or late night is an awesome deal - all drinks and apps are between $4-$5 - truly a steal. Our expectations were exceeded - definitely a must go.I was at IndeBlue the other week. Very beautiful restaurant! The host (Danielle) was very nice, friendly, and accommodating. The staff were very professional, knowledgeable, and outgoing. I had a great experience with Jared and Julie. Both wonderful servers and people. I hear the owners are very friendly, caring, and treat their staff like family. That's always great to hear! I was able to speak with one of them (Heather). She wanted to make sure everything was to my satisfaction and she even sent out a complimentary appetizer after she found out this was my first time here. She was incredibly nice and friendly. I shared quite a few laughs with her as well. If I could, I'd give them 10 stars, but 5 stars will have to suffice for now. Can't wait to go back!Crispy spinach chaat. Crispy cauliflower. Sali boti poutine. Get. These. Things.I have visited this restaurant twice since July. Every dish I have tried has been delicious. The decor adds to the overall experience. I highly recommend dining here.Fabulous food for brunch. Indian fare but some traditional American options. Beautiful decor, live music and excellent service.Came here last night with a friend and really enjoyed the Indian Fusion concept. We both are Indians and know Indian food quite well. The spices were done immaculately, however the mushroom dosa was greasy and there was way too much oil! I felt that the veggie entrees dishes were less fusion however and did  have some different accents that I hadn't tasted or experiment with more myself! The ambience is great, a little crowded and noisy after a certain hour... but what good restaurant isn't in the city! Definitely a worthwhile date night spot. And vegetarian / gluten-free friendly!Such incredible service! Our waiter was super patient with our big party of people and was attentive to everything that we needed.
The food we had was authentic and so flavorful. I had a masala chicken with rice. My friends ordered the chicken and waffles as well as the dosa, all of which were delicious. 
Definitely recommend if you're here for breakfast, or for bottomless drinks!I and my colleague went to this place after it was suggested by a local client. I like the spicy long hot peppers appetizer and apple jalebi dessert, although the dessert was a little sour. The menu is designed so that people not familiar with Indian cuisine can order easily. They do not have a list of curry, daal and bread you could order from. They have combos (entrees) you can order, that comes with curry and bread (naan) or rice. I ordered malai kofta and my colleague ordered some curry with shrimp. But our curry was the same. I just had kofta in mine and he had shrimp. I wasn't impressed by that. They have just one or two type of rice and they serve that in the entrees. If you want a menu that you can understand easily then pick this place. If you want to order curry, naan, rice separately then this is not the place. I would go there again for the appetizers. Some of them looked good.Came here for the first time last Saturday and was really impressed. This is a really good indian restaurant in the city. It's not authentic indian but it's more modernized indian. The food is amazing here some of my favorites are the drums of heaven and the seared scallops. The drums of heaven have a nice spice to it and it's not overwhelming spicy and everything in the dish complements well. Seared scallops are out of this world it goes especially with the sambar it just makes the dish even better. For those not in the city not to worry they have a location in collingswood, so def try it out you won't regret it.I came here during Restaurant Week for lunch with a group of friends. All four of us were extremely pleased. We all ordered something different for all three courses so that we could taste everything. We were blown away each time. 
We were even starting to become cynical after how wonderful the appetizers were. Very often, the next course disappoints but we were completely wrong.
The next time I visit Philadelphia I will definitely revisit IndeBlue. The beautifully decorated interior makes this place extra special to dine in. The service was wonderful as well. 
The cuisine is Indian with a modern spin. Wonderful job!We ate here yesterday at the tail end of brunch and it was some of the most amazing and innovative Indian food we've had. We got the cheese board which was so creative, authentic, and delicious! I also got the veggie samosas which were amazing and my partner got masala potatoes and an egg wrap which was also phenomenal. Great cocktails and service too!Glad to find beautiful indian restaurant in the hood. Tried their vegetable samosa, spicy scallop and shrimp crusted salmon. They were all good! 
Samosa was crispy and deliciously seasoned. Scallop and salmon were great.  I really liked the ambiance, it was lively and was perfect for grabbing some yummy food and enjoy conversation. I tried the lassi as well. And was rich and creamy as I like. I wish I tried their crispy chaat. Looked really but no one wanted to order so we skipped it. I will definitely try that dish next time I am there. 
The service was very professional and kind.Me and a good friend of mine decided to try this spot for Happy Hour yesterday (3/31). OMG I can't belive I've gone all this time without their food in my life...AMAZING, I got the spinach chaat (tastes like general tso chicken, I kid you not!), The pizza naan and the drums of heaven. All were on the HH menu for only $4 dollars each!!! This has been added to my list of favorites spots!We went to IndeBlue for a different Christmas Eve experience (tradition usually dictates Chinatown, but last year we realized everyone's discovered Chinese food on Christmas Eve Our secret's out!). Excellent food, great ambiance. Our server was very lovely, despite the fact that she was working on Christmas Eve, and their cocktails were fantastic. We'll be back!Inde Blue is a lovely intimate spot with great food. Please know that the hours have changed. We walked in at 10:55pm on a Saturday and sadly learned they were closing at 11pm.Great concept, delicious food. We enjoyed our valentines day dinner here.  Some of the items were classic indian restaurant items, such as a savory black lentil daal, and others were not classic at all, like the lobster tail, hudson valley foie gras on garam masala challah, and crispy spinach.  I'd go back and try more items on their menu, like the shrimp skewers, chicken and chutneys, etc. I was told by my indian friend beforehand "it's indian food like you've never tried before," and I would agree.  It didn't have the service aspect that some of my favorite places have had to earn the fourth and fifth star.  We were initially greeted in an awkward manner by the hostess, but this did not take away from the food, I won't dock the restaurant a star for that at this time.Ambiance: 4 Stars (It was a little too dark in there but the decor and vibe is nice)
Presentation of Food: 4 Stars 
Service:4 Stars 
Food: 3 Stars-We tried the following items:
Butter Chicken was good, but the portion of rice, very small; Corn salad (which was delicious); the order of nan (okay); brussel sprouts and sweet potato (mushy), vegetable samosa (good); avocado chaat (flavorless); and banana donuts (best thing of the night).  Although I enjoyed my experience here, I can't say I'd go back because the food is much to mediocre for the price.Visited on a Monday. Definitely nice setting, friendly and quite informative staff. Can't say I was impressed with the food. "Heavenly drumstick" were subpar at best, cauliflowers were decent but felt like it was done hastily. Chicken tikka was decent. Not sure if it's because it was a Monday but it did not meet my expectations after reading all the reviews. I've definitely had better indian food experience. Overall, would recommend to check it out, sit for a nice choice of wine and beer. Know the food you're ordering.My SO and I decided to check out IndeBlue for lunch this past Sunday and it also happened to be restaurant week. We came around 1130 and the host seated us right away since the restaurant opened at 11 on Sundays. Our server came by to greet us soon after and explained the restaurant week menu along with few recommendations. He was very knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. The restaurant's interior was cozy and intimate with a purple wallpaper and pretty lights/candles. For drinks, we got the chai sangria and spicy bloody mary. I liked the chai sangria a lot, your typical sangria with a touch of chai flavor. The spicy bloody mary was not our favorite and we would not get this again. The pepper taste was a bit too strong that it took away the overall flavor of the drink. For entree, we got chicken tikka makhani and masala dosa. The portions were generous and we were pretty full by the time desserts arrived. The chicken tikka makhani was my favorite. The coconut flavor curry flavor combined with the butter chicken was heaven! The safron rice added to the meal making it hard to resist myself from keep eating it. The masala dosa came with three sauces to dip and a roll up crepe like with fillings inside. It was authentic and each sauce added a nice flavor to the crepe. For a price of $20 during restaurant week, I thought it was so worth it. Great food at a decent price! Can't really beat that. Thanks IndeBlue for a great experience :)Let me first say, I'm new to Indian food. We're in the beginning stages of what I am sure will be a life long love affair, but at this point I'm certainly no expert in the cuisine. What I really love about Indian so far is its rustic-ness and its stewed meats that take nothing but patience and love. Indeblue did not strike me as rustic in the slightest, this was a more refined, modernized Indian that lost some of that comforting hominess I've come to enjoy. I came to Indeblue with a group of friends for brunch during restaurant week. While I enjoyed my meal, I definitely wasn't blown away like I have been at the cozier family run Indian spots. 
For starters I got the spinach chaat. Dare I say this was like a fried salad. Literally little baby spinach leaves in a very very light batter fried until crisp. It was topped with some sauces, a sweet chile sauce and a creamy sauce. I've never had anything like this, it was delicious albeit not very filling. 
For my entree I got the spicy chicken and waffles. I was honestly pretty let down by this. Don't get me wrong, it was good. The waffles were made well, the chicken was juicy and crispy. But they really failed to deliver on the spice. There was a sriracha drizzle and that was it. I don't need my palate burned out, but if you say spicy I want some spice. Not even necessarily heat spice, Indian chefs are literally masters of balancing spices. Even if it just had some cumin or curry in the batter, that would have made this stand out. 
Dessert was a flight of some little goodies. I did really enjoy these perfect little bites to end the meal. The first was a rice pudding with some pistachios, the second a little banana donut doused in a luxurious caramel and finally a thick chocolate mouse covered in coconut. 
Overall this was an enjoyable meal but not a "run don't walk" here kind of place. With that said, I wouldn't mind coming back for the full menu not during restaurant week.Loved the drumsticks. Decent taste, but high quality. Go try their food it's pretty palatable. The curries are a little too sweet, control on that and you have a winner.It's about time I started reviewing. Lived near Collingswood, NJ (location of IndeBlue's first joint) for several years and never really gave it a chance. Moved into Philly and IndeBlue followed along opening up their location a half a block from where I live in Center City. The Wash Square West location is pretty amazing. Classy decor, friendly waitstaff, and (though we didn't partake) the bar you pass to get to the dining room looked very inviting.
The fiance liked her Bombay Punch (Bombay Gin, grapefruit and pineapple juice with mint) but the food - the food definitely made the night. We did small plates so no entree review here but each plate kept us wanting more (in a good way). HIghly recommend the Duo Samosa, the U-10 Scallops (with a coconut milk-curry sauce that was even more incredible when lapped up by Naan), and finally - the Chickpea battered Sweet Potato Pakora (could have eaten at least 3 plates of those). We ended with the Stuffed Squash with saffron rice.
It's a little pricey but worth every penny. They even allowed us a taste of several of their chutneys as well as some Gazpacho to start off. For those that want a modern take on traditional Indian cuisine - IndeBlue delivers. Will be back for sure.We were in the neighborhood hopping from happy hour to happy hour and hungry and so happy to find this place on yelp. They have AMAZING happy hour deals with delicious food and GREAT drinks. The food was unexpectedly really good and definitely motivated me to come back next time I'm in Philly. Noise level can get a little louder in the evenings as they get busy. Go try their cocktails! Awesome friendly service.I have been wanting to try out this place since it opened. It's located in gayberhood one of the most happening location in Philly yet I happened to pass by! 
I think the place is worth a try. I found the place to be on the higher end $$$. The decor and vibe is formal yet bustling. The service was great. In terms of food I think the $ is not worth the quantity! My bill was $69.00 for two people. I ordered paneer masala, malai kofta, naan, and he spinach chaat. 
Overall, the place did not meet my high expectations however I would def take someone I was trying to impress here! I have heard the brunch is better and def do plan on going back in for brunch!This was a great place for a group of guys to meet up on our first day in Philly. They are a bit strict on the whole party being there before you are seated - but also didn't give us grief about having two last minute cancellations from our party. Granted - 6 of us did show up. 
Everything I tried, even non-traditional indian food like hummus, was really tasty. Portions varied greatly in size, but were described well so that was okay. Price point was a tad high, but they made up for in a great atmosphere and competent servers. 
The only part I have to dock them for was not splitting the check. Fortunately we were all out for the weekend together, so we made things work - but there is no reason in the day and age that you can't split a check.This was my first time at an Indian restaurant and it blew me away. Everything was exceptional. The flavor in every single dish was so complex and decadent. The tasting for $37 per person is a great deal. We had the following, all of which I highly recommend:
Crispy Spinach Chaat (an absolute must, better then you can imagine)
Drums of Heaven (reminded me a little of an Indian version of general tsao's chicken)
Lollipop Lamb Chops
malai kofta bukhara, basically a vegetarian meatball in an amazing sauce
lamb rogan josh 
     Also the Nan bread was very good, especially when dipped in the amazing sauces. I can not wait to come back and try other dishes. Our waiter was very knowledgeable so his recommendations were spot on.Great restaurant. Great food. This place is always packed so make reservations. And it's not cheap either. You can easily spend $60 to $100 and come out hungry (just like pretty much every other restaurant in the area). The quantities per entree are tiny. I recommend you stick to the happy hour. The drinks are good and the appetizers are not bad. 
I give it 3 stars for good food and service. I am taking away 2 stars for very less quantity and being too pricey.If you're looking for the BEST Indian food, look no further! It's a very welcoming restaurant with a great atmosphere. It's somewhat of a small restaurant (but worth it!). The staff was also very kind and helped with any questions on the menu. I've also tried the one in Collingswood which is just as good. However, this one in Philly is a little "fancier." Either way, they're both exceptional! Enjoy!This review is purely a happy hour cocktail review. I will be back to review food and regular menu very soon. 
So, I like happy hours for two reasons. 1.) getting together with a friend who you haven't seen in a while and really want to catch up with, but you both have such crazy schedules that all you can fit in is a happy hour, and 2.) Partake in a solo cocktail while I read or introspect, or think big life thoughts and simultaneously not break the bank.
Either way, I love relatively small, quiet but interesting and alive places. Indeblue more than fits this bill.
Good, strong cocktails for a happy hour, friendly and non invasive service, perfect balance of calm and vibrant.I'm glad a made a reservation, because the place was packed on a Saturday night, even after 9pm.
Came here with a bunch of friends. Unfortunately some of my friends were finicky and didn't want the tasting menu because it was too much food for them...so because the entire table couldn't do the tasting menu, we had to order a la carte. It would have been a bit cheaper to do the tasting menu. Which is a reasonable price.
Anyway, nothing in particular really stood out. The bbq pork samosas were less samosa, more bbq pork egg rolls. And the bbq pork was really really sweet. Not a well rounded flavor. The sauce it was served with (some white sauce) had a very indistinct flavor and only served to increase my calorie consumption and mask the sweetness of the bbq sauce. So, this dish was only ok.
The bread basket, consisting of several types of their homemade breads, didn't really vary much. I felt like they all tasted a bit like garlic naan. This didn't stand out at all and is very overpriced.
The nawabi subzi would have been better if everything weren't so finely diced, I think. It certainly would have been easier to eat. But honestly, the flavors weren't very enticing. We mainly just ate them to get our vegetables.
The paneer saag also was very underspiced. I'm not talking about spicy, but rather seasoning. It was just rather bland. I could make better saag in my sleep. Except I'd probably burn down my condo because that stuff takes a while and I have a gas stove.
The tandoori mixed grill was equally bland. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say this is the worst "tandoori" that I've ever had. It had virtually no seasoning at all. Even the chicken, which was covered in some sort of a green sauce (mojito sauce?), was dry and surprisingly unflavorful. How do you get chicken to be green AND have no flavor? That takes some skill, come to think of it.
Now, the goat mirch masala was quite good. Usually when I get goat curry it's from a shady buffet/takeaway, and of course the flavor at those places are much better. But at least this is goat, so retains flavor naturally, pretty well. And the sauce here was good, just understated again. AKA whitewashed for non-Indian people. But a major plus is that it was just meat -- no chunks of fat or bone which is typical of goat curry in other spots. It was served with a separate green cilantro rice to complement the flavor. I wouldn't say that added much.
We also had a scallop dish, which consisted of 3 large sea scallops in a reddish curry. This was by far and away the best dish here. Not even so much the scallops, but the sauce itself. It was really great. Sadly, we started with this, and the meal went downhill from there.
Anyway, the food here isn't creative enough to merit getting much of the fusion, and the traditional Indian dishes are better served in a real Indian restaurant that isn't afraid of offending Western palates.
Service was nice, but average. Drinks sound creative, but fall flat as well. E.g. one with scotch and a fig mixture...could barely taste that it's fig, even though it was clearly visible. How are they doing that??
This would have been a two star review if it weren't for the scallops and the goat curry.Very good service and beverage. We ordered naan and curry. Frankly I do not know hot to spell them but it was good. The chicks is dry and I think that's the only thing to improve...no wifi but they have their own musicians playing!Food: 3/5
- Good for people who want Indian fusion.
- Most of the food tasted like sauces on different items (paneer wasn't marinated).
- Everything tasted relatively similar. 
- Drinks weren't anything special but they were strong! 
Service: 4/5
- Josh, our server, was incredibly friendly and attentive! 
- Hosts/Hostesses were friendly.
Ambiance: 4/5
- Semi-casual attire for dinner, casual for lunch.
- We were seated immediately.
Would we go back? Yes (for happy hour & introducing people to Indian food).Our family went there on a Friday late afternoon before we visited the Chinese lantern festival.
We had the chef's sampling and ordered two apps, one small plate and two entrees. I honestly forget all the names of the dishes but the food was fresh, tasty and the service was delightful. The young lady just started recently but she was very helpful in our choices, friendly and professional as can be. I had the great river (?) beer which paired nicely with the meal. Only drawback was we went at happy hour and even though the place was empty in the dining area when we got there, the hostess seated us next to the bar. We should have requested to move but I thought maybe they didn't have wait staff yet in the other areas though it was after 5 :/ my bad.. And hostess poor seating selection for a family. We really couldn't hear each other at and near the end hurried thru our meal just to get some quiet outside.
Again, very good Indian food and presented nicely as well.I needed to make a last minute reservation last night and was able to get one at IndeBlue. 
Wow - I'm not sure how I missed this place, but I need to come back to happy hour. Prices for entrees were a little steep but everything was perfect, the food, the service, and the vibe.We had an incredible meal here following the flower show. Everything was flavorful and cooked to perfection.  The decor is beautiful.  My only suggestion is to dim the bar lighting.Indeblue has amazing service, it's totally low key with a sexy ambiance. I loved it so much, from the food to the drinks (please try the Rose Mimosa at anytime of day), you will not be disappointed.it was my second night there couple days ago. the ambiance was always awesome. this location is the perfect place for a date. there were artists playing drums and guitar which surprised me. but it was still cool. 
their drinks were pretty good. I had the mango lassi and it was made just right. Not too sweet and not too sour. We had the family style menu so we can share food and try different things. their food tend to be more spice. we got the chicken tikka masala and goat masala. So for the folks who cannot eat spicy food like me, make sure you drink a lot of water. (or get a mango lassi to easy the burning sensation) The naan breads and the rice were really good. Me and my friend's favorite were actually the dessert. The caramel fried banana and the cinnamon ice cream were to die for. Even though we were really full but we still manage to chew that thing down. 
overall I will definitely come back to try out different things on the menu.Visited with a group for lunch and we enjoyed the meal. Samosa chaat, palak chaat, koftas and bhaturas were the highlights. Didn't care much for the paneer tikka or channa masala. 
Dessert took forever to come out and it was pretty disappointing.. banana nirvana.. ordered this based on the stellar reviews but it did not live up. The jamun was waaaay too hard. Inside and out like a rock!! My party left most of it uneaten :/ wish we'd ordered just ice cream instead..A good foray into the Indian restaurant scene in philadelphia. A better experience and more authentic than Tashan and extremely tidy compared to palace at the Ben. Food was good however missed the mark as they were missing true authenticity of Indian food. As an Indian I found the cuisine to lacking some of the spicyness and taste we get on the sub continent. Staples such as chutney and papadum were excluded and basics at every Indian restaurant. The one star is for service as we had reservations for 8pm and were not seated till 845pm. They clearly overbooked and made no excuses for that. Poor front end management, when I complained to the manager I was offered a seat at the bar and food at the bar.  Why make a reservations and pretend to be a an authentic fine dining experience when you have not mastered basic restaurant management.Some of the best Indian food I've had. Everything with stellar: food, cocktails, service, and interior. Went during restaurant week and was impressed with the portion size. The chai tea cocktail and crispy
spinach appetizer were especially excellent.Woah - what a great experience!  The food was superb, but what really made the experience a five star one was our server.  Bennett was more than helpful with choosing dishes that we would enjoy and also was thoughtful of our diverse dietary needs.  He recommended an appetizer and said that if we didn't like it he would pay for it - we LOVED it! We all know that if the service is awesome you tend to enjoy your meal that much more.  That being said, even if you had a "meh" server at IndeBlue, I'm certain that you would be quite pleased with your meal. Thank you Bennett!we had the most amazing server ever. we were a group of 12 with a reservation for 9, and half our party showed up an hour late. our server was so kind and caring, bringing us complimentary drinks while we complained about our tardy friends and keeping a smile on his face the whole time. at one point a person in our party got some bad news and wanted to stress-smoke a cigarette, our server went out of his way to ask one of his coworkers for a smoke and give it to our friend. 
the food was great too, but honestly this server was the best i've ever seen and i would go back for his service alone. i didn't catch his name but sir, we (a group of former servers and chefs), commend you.I'm weary of upscale versions of ethnic cuisine but IndieBlue manages to make it work effortlessly. Where Tashan failed, IndieBlue succeeds. The bar bites actually steal the show- they would do well to incorporate those elements more into their primary menu.The Rose mimosa was wonderful. It smells like perfume and has a crisp bright sweetness of champagne with just a hint of fruit. 
We were there for brunch and we got the spicy chicken and waffles and the pancakes. The food is good but was overshadowed by the mimosa. 
The chicken on the waffles is a full wing and a half of a breast, which was marinaded before cooking. A lightly spiced but good portion- be prepared to spend some time separating the meat from the bones.If I was rating on food alone it would be 5 stars...the food was awesome. It was a party of 10 of us and we all agreed the food was really really good. There were a few things that occurred that made me knock off a star...1)being charged for 2 items that was supposed to be taken off our bill, but I caught and had it removed. 2) It taking a while for us to receive our food,  3) not being able to separate our bill and them only taking 2 CC max,  4) The staff not clearing our table of the dirty plates in a timely fashion even after I asked them to remove them and 5) the bartender giving someone in our party an alcoholic drink when she asked for the non-alcoholic version and then asking the rest of us at the table if we wanted her drink after she already drank from it and we told him she drank from it & he kept trying to offer it to us for "free"...like wth? I highly suggest that if you make a reservation for a larger party, make sure you tell everyone to just bring cash. I've been to IndeBlue several times for Happy Hour, this was my 1st time for brunch. I'd go again for brunch but just not with a large party...We tried the spinach appetizer and the non vegetarian thali. Both of the choices were amazing. I was not a big fan of the waiter that approached us the first time, seemed to be the bartender. The sarcasm in his tone was annoying and frustrating when you're at a place for the first time and looking for suggestions. However, the waiter that replaced him was a true gentleman. And we had the greatest time with the savory dishes! :-)Going downhill. 
Used to be my favorite Indian place in philly. But then they got published in the magazine. Now more crowded and, unfortunately, food feels more 'mass produced' - oily and bland. Very disappointed in my latest visit.This is our second time here. We came especially for unique selection of cocktails and crispy spinach appetizer. We now have tried almost all their dishes in happy hour. $6 cocktails and $5-$4 apps. Damn neat deal. The food comes off very fast. 
Things we didn't like:
1. Happy hour is only at the bar. Which means the small bar bear the entrance gets very crowded and people waitong look at u with hungry eyes
2. The bartender tries ro rush u into orders and takes away plates while u r eating. It happened on both the occasions. Not cool.
But over all a decent place for HH and unique cocktails.The food is awesome... Service even better...I highly recommend the chef trading menu... Although it is a littler buy too much for one person... But you can Teetu many items on the menu.no went with spinach chat awesome, chicken drum rule awesome, lamb rack awesome, lamb rogan josh awesome, paneer butter masala awesome chocolate dessert awesomeThree of us went there and enjoyed everything we had immensely. Drinks, appetizers and entrees were all delectable.  We were visiting the city and have actually considered doing the 3 hour drive (one way) again, just to eat at this place. We had to wait about a 3-4 weeks before we could even consider eating another Indian  Indian place because we knew nothing would be as good. He had to come down from the "IndiBlue high". Now we will be "chasing the IndiBlue Dragon's-Tail", if you know what I mean.The service here is amazing, the staff are knowledgeable and attentive. We had some wine-related questions and our server was able to help us pick what would go well with our meal. We decided to go with several smaller plates and a bread basket. We got the shrimp and vegetable skewers and the BBQ pork samosas (the blue cheese dip for this was amazing). Indieblue has amazing ambience that I have not experienced in other restaurants!!This is a great upscale Indian restaurant! Perfect for a date night or special occasions. The decor is beautiful. We came here for husband's birthday and loved it. Spinach chaat was perfectly crispy. We ordered the malai kofta and it was the best malai kofta I've ever had! The koftas were soo soft and the gravy was so rich and had the perfect blend of spices. The drinks were good and strong as well. They have quite a variety on the menu including appetizers and small plates. Only thing is that the portions are very small but I feel this is typical of any upscale restaurant.This is a fun, upscale twist on Indian food.  I especially love their Spinach Chaat and the lamb lollipops.  If you can make it there for happy hour, it's a great deal!Some of the best Indian food I've had in my life.  The short rib samosa was a delicious starter, although it's a little more egg roll seaming than samosa.  I had the chicken tikka for my main course and I wolfed down as much as possible.  Usually chicken tikka is a little too sweet for my taste.  However, this chicken tikka was perfectly seasoned with a slight kick and delicious sauce.  I couldn't eat enough of the sauce and soaked up the sauce with my rice.  We also shared a roti stuffed with nuts that was sweet and delicious.  It tasted like the stuffing of bahklava put into a piece of naan.  Delicious!
The ambiance is great for a date with pretty interior decorating, a nice bar at the front and a classy but casual ambiance.  The servers were attentive and friendly.  This restaurant will definitely be added to my list of regulars when I visit Philly.Rich Ambiance, Perfect Light and Good Staff. The food was really good and perfect quantity. We ordered Masala Bloody Mary which was a well made drink. For appetizers we ordered Chilled Dahi Avacado Chaat, Mangalorean Crispy Vegetable and Vegetable Shashlik Skewer - All tasted so good. We were 6 people and Dahi Avacado has just 5 pieces - the staff was flexible to add one more piece to it by charging a little extra. We then shared the Veg Thali between 2 of us and was sufficient considering the appetizers we had. there are 2 veggies, raita, mango chutney, dal makhani, rice and hot eggplant bhajiya. This is served in a Thali and it so much reminded of home. We felt like we are sitting in Mumbai at some high end dhaba enjoying the delicious food. The veggies had paneer makhanwala and spinach chana - mouth watering! We replaced the normal naan with lasooni naan and it was a good decision. To add to the meal we ordered Mango lassi which was again good. We all enjoyed the food and I believe it has a lot of options for Vegetarians.I would definitely recommend this place. Anytime I feel like having Ghar Ka Khana..it is IndeBlue. Also since it was Sunday afternoon they had Sitar and Tabla playing Live on the Background...very soothing to ears. My friends visited Philly for first time and I am glad we picked this place as they all enjoyed it a lot.Excellent Indian food - a bit pricey, but you pay for the higher quality stuff. Some friends and I ordered off the restaurant week menu, which was prix fixe at $35 with multiple options per course and served family style. At the end of the night, I was glad I tried some tasty, more upscale Indian food, but for the price difference, I think I might actually prefer the good Indian buffets you'll find in University City. Good place to go for a change of pace though and more unique/creative offerings.
1st course:
+ Vegetable samosa chaat - pretty standard but good, not incredibly different from samosas you'll find elsewhere
+ Spinich chaat - my favorite of the first course. Incredibly crispy fried spinach flakes and paired perfectly with the accompanying sauce
+ Tandoori shrimp skewer - tasty and came with a delicious, creamy/spiced sauce
2nd course:
+ Shrimp & crab moilee - a bit too "seafood" tasting for a curry but still good. The crab & shrimp bits were very tender and flavorful
+ Lamb balti - delicious and had a wonderfully savory, spiced, and developed flavor in the curry. I'm not a huge lamb fan, but I love lamb and goat in Indian curries somehow - maybe it's the richness of the meat paired w/ the spices/curry. tbh though, I think I actually prefer the goat curries that I've had at those Indian buffets near Penn campus.
+ Methi mutter malai - very creamy, basically used it as a sauce to soak up in the deliciously garlicky naan that came with our restaurant week meal, or the rice. 
Dessert sampler: Espresso ice cream w/ saffron rabri was probably my favorite - melt-in-your-mouth creamy with just the right level of coffee. I couldn't taste any effect of having saffron in there though. The ras malai was standard but good, and the peanut butter & jelly samosa was unique and satisfying. I also had a mango lassi, which was very thick but a bit too sweet for my taste and not strong enough on the mango flavor.One of my favorite places ever!!!! This is the best Indian food in the city hands down. Definitely worth going with a big group and getting the tasting menu- it's out of this world!My friends and I went for restaurant week to Indeblue for two of their birthdays. The service was amazing. Our server gave great recommendations. Another server didn't bring out the candles for our friends birthdays, but then Indeblue gave us a complimentary dessert to fix their mistake. The cheese board was one of my favorite parts! The main course was good, not amazing. The dessert was pretty good though.Amazing authentic Indian food! Love this place. Will be going back there again. Went there with my mom and ordered the Dosa, and their paneer it was amazing. For dessert we had the fig kulfi - perfect ending to an delicious meal.My favourite restaurant in Philadelphia. Indian food balanced with perfect spice. You won't regret this choice.Ordered takeout, 4 dishes.. Non of us were satisfied, my chicken tikka were rinny and were separating so I had a lot of water in the bottom of my plate.. and the chicken were super dry. Expensive and really bad food! Avoid!!One of the best restaurants in the city! What incredible service! My husband and I walked in on what seemed to be a crazy busy Saturday night, though the restaurant was packed the hostess was so attentive and generous, I cannot recall her name but she went out of her way to accommodate us and made our night! Our server was fantastic and the food was amazing. I love their spicy spinach chaat! I recommend making a reservation, especially on a Saturday night. Indeblue thank you for a fantastic night, please let the host know we appreciated her making room for us! 
Side note- their happy hour is from 5-11pm on Saturdays, unheard of, this place just keeps giving!Highly recommendedI just love this place. I have been to the center city location on numerous occasions and have always been wowed by their offerings and the fact that they keep reinventing their menu with awesome offerings. 
A highlight is also happy hour at the bar. Same delicious food and drinks at great happy hour special prices.I haven't dined in at indeblue, but I did get the chance to sample some food at the recent Midtown Village festival. Friendly service. The drum of heaven was delicious. Crunchy coated chicken with a sweet, tangy sauce. The basil-mint chicken kabob had good flavor, but was dry. It really needed some sauce. The samosa was really good though. It had a nice chickpea curry that accompanied it and it was very good.App: vegetable samosa, lamb chop / lollipop, sweet potato pakora
Entree: chicken tikka masala, lamb rogan josh, lasooni naan (garlic)
We share the above food with party of four. Service and food were great!IndeBlue is amazing Indian food that is much needed in Center City. It's slightly fusion, but not so much that it loses its authenticity.
I've tried many of the menu items, but there are still so many more that I have my eye on. Highlights:
Crispy Spinach Chaat: Amazingly crispy, light, and fresh. The tamarind date chutney makes a perfect "dressing" for this little spinach salad. I want to know how they cook the spinach to make it THAT crispy. I could eat this every day and wouldn't feel too guilty since it's a healthy option!
Drums of heaven: Wings in an Indian-style spicy sauce. This sauce would be good on anything! Really crispy, almost Korean-style fried.
Sweet potato pakora: Chickpea battered sweet potatoes. Super addicting. One order for 2-3 people will disappear in minutes.
Paneer tikka makhani: I love paneer so I had to try this. The sauce is slightly sweeter than other dishes, so it was the perfect complement to the spicier entrees. Order a side portion and take a bite every time your tongue is on fire from something else.
I usually only like to try places I've never been to for restaurant week, but I love this place so much, and their restaurant week menu is a steal. It's the perfect way to try a bunch of different things here. I got the non-vegetarian thali sampler platter as my main course, which came with chicken makhani, lamb rogan josh, dal makhani, rice, raita, mango chutney, and garlic naan. WAY TOO MUCH FOOD, but I ate it all and enjoyed it so much. I regret it after, of course, but it was worth it.
Try the cocktails! The Monsoon is delicious with a spicy kick from cinnamon, star anise, and ginger.I have been to indeblue MANY times. It is my favorite Indian food. I can't say it's a traditional Indian restaurant, but in my opinion, it's a good mix of traditional and contemporary. For appetizer, my favorite is the spinach chaat. It's usually done well, though once it was a little salty. Others that are good include the naan pizza and dahi avocado chaat. For the entree, I always get paneer. They currently have paneer tikka masala which is delicious. I like my Indian food spicy, so they will make it spicier for me. The naan is amazing- fresh, hot, soft. 2 of us can go through 2-3 orders in one meal. Sometimes my boyfriend and I will forego an appetizer and share an entree sized paneer tikka with an additional entree but in the smaller portion size. That with the naan will fill us. The dessert in general are pretty good. I love their house made chai and cocktails (chai sangria) as well! Overall, love this place!Our latest hunt for Indian food ended in having dinner at Indeblue. The restaurant is nicely tucked in the heart of the food scene in the city. The restaurant itself is very cozy. The decor is very classy. It's not too bright and not too dark that you won't see what you are eating.
I wanted to give this restaurant a five star for the service alone. There is a first time for everything and this was the first time we were asked to try the 'lassi' before ordering it. The drinks menu was well rounded. They have a good selection of local beer as well as good wines. Our waiter was on point all the time. And for someone not from India he was very knowledgeable about the menu.
The appetizers were a good start. The dinner seemed promising. We got the Avacado chaat. Every component in it was very discernable. It was fresh with the herbs and the Avacado made it's presence felt. Although it was a good dish it was one of those where it seemed to lack a little bit of the oomph. 
We got the special of the day which happened to be a salmon dish and a goat curry. The description on the menu was very helpful. 
The fish was very nicely cooked by the dish as a whole was poorly made. It was accompanied with cumin rice. I mentioned that to highlight the fact that there was an overpowering use of cumin in the fish curry too. And also a heavy hand of mustard seeds. Which made the curry a tad bit bitter. 
The first few bites in to the goat curry were to the point. Properly marinated and cooked to perfection. But few more bites in and some of the goat pieces were over cooked.
Other things to pick on, were the tissue paper on the dinner plates. Not sure what the idea was but it was very annoying. 
All in all it was an ordinary experience.Fantastic. Went for Sunday brunch. Very creative, out of the ordinary, small plates, entrees, and breakfast selections. Service was exceptional as well.
Try the shrimp tacos and waffles with chicken, but, everything was delicious. Highly recommend.coming here for restaurant week was the worse idea ever .. the place is nice and all, server was pretty cool, did his job, but .. the food? eh. it wasn't all that great to be honest. I didn't even get my soup lol. I just wasn't satisfied sorry. maybe I'll give this place another try with the regular menu. Tips? Don't come here restaurant week.I like this place and I came here 4 out 7 days it's disappointing to come here and not find my favorite bartender Jeff. The service here has declined at the bar since. M.This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Everything from the decor to the presentation of meals is amazing. Very romantic and dimly lit environment. Great for dates. Started with the shrimp tacos. This is the most delicious thing I have ever eaten in my life. Moved onto the vegetable paneer which had a good ratio of coconut milk to curry. Had to order the basmati rice and garlic naan on the side (the garlic naan is the best I have ever had). The only issue is the spoons. I don't understand why they are so deep in the center. It does not allow for you to scoop ANYTHING. Please change the silverware. It's the only thing that kept this place from being perfect. Finished with a creamy and aromatic chai tea pot and fig ice cream (comes in a bar and drizzled with syrup).Dined in for restaurant week, which a friend had recommended the restaurant. Ambiance was beautiful and the staff attentive, but portion size and seasoning seemed to be an issue. Started with tuna tartar, which lacked any flavor of tuna in the tartar. However, the drums of heaven (chicken wings) seemed to be the saving grace by delivering enough heat, crisp skin, and a lovely blue cheese. 
As I was excited for the main course having seen other diners receive entrees, I realized that what I ordered versus what I expected did not match. I ordered per the menu cornish game hen, which my expectation was a full, cornish game hen. However, I was served maybe half of a cornish game hen with rice, which left me wanting more. 
Overall, the restaurant appears to be on the right track from the looks of things, but lacks all of the correct reasoning for a return visit given my experience.This was a great meal. The happy hour had amazing prices and is every day, even the weekends. We had a table of 4, so we shared 4 mains family style and a bread basket with 4 types of naan. We had one who needed gluten free options, which every main complied with and she even got her own gf naan. We ordered 1. the eggplant, almost pureed like a babaganoosh which was tasty with a mild heat, 2. a dish the ended up being vegetarian meatballs made of cashews, dried apricots and cheese in a mildly spicy creamy sauce,  very good, 3. Cheese in masala, big hunks of cheese in a creamy mild sauce, very nice and 4. The goat in a rich, warm velvety sauce which was out standing. If you get a drink, opt for the signature drink, which is mango puree with citron vodka - like an adult lassi.
The interior is beautiful, the service was great and we'll def be back.My boyfriend and I came here because I was craving some Indian food.  My dad and I came here about 2 years ago and I remembered it being pretty good so we decided to come and give it another shot!  So we ordered the spinach crisps (spinach chaat) as an appetizer--this was the highlight of our meal.  Our super nice server suggested them and they were AMAZING. We cleaned the plate in a matter of seconds. I'd love to try and explain the flavor to you but I never had anything like it. 
Next we tried the butter chicken--it was the last entree in the middle I forgot the actual name but it's also known as butter chicken.  I wanted chicken tikka masala which they don't have on the menu but they can make it for you--but the server suggested that we try their most popular dish--butter chicken--so we did! It was good but chicken tikka masala will always have my heart
I'm glad I tried it though it was interesting--I think what made it good for me instead of excellent was that it had sooooooo much black pepper in it to the point where it was just slightly overwhelming for me.
We also has the garlic nann which was sooooooo yummy, the best I've had-- BUT, it was 8 dollars for 1 piece which they cut into two. 
The bill came out to about 60ish dollars (including our tip).  
Anyway, so the reason I gave 3 stars is mainly because the food is just "good" so I subtracted a star -- and it's very pricey (to us at least) so I took off another star.  
My boyfriend and I are from Brooklyn where we CONSTANTLY eat Indian food from this place called Bombay Grill (in bay ridge).  We eat there all the time, get twice as much food, the food is CRAZY delicious and still the bill comes out to pretty much half of what we paid here for the both of us together! (If you ever find yourself in bay ridge check it out) 
Haha, well either way--both my boyfriend and I are happy we stopped by indeblue, since that appetizer was the highlight of our night--not exaggerating at all.  I doubt I'll ever come back again (or if I do it'll just be to explore the appetizers) but I'm happy I got to stop by to experience it one last time with my boyfriend.Good, not great.  The space itself is very nice and tastefully decorated.  We went to the Center City IndeBlue location on a Tuesday night, and the service was attentive without being overbearing.  We started with the crispy vegetable chili and sweet potato pakora, and the chili appetizer was quite good.  Our entrees of aloo bhindi and tikka paneer were rather bland, no hint of spice and generally not memorable.  My expectations for IndeBlue were high, the reality was rather meh.the food is amazing and gluten free!  woohoo!  service is great!I dont know how I didint write a review for this place before but it has to be my top 3 favorite restaurants in the city, especially for indian food. The ambiance is amazing, a great mix of traditional eastern decor with solid wood elements. 
The service has to be even better than the decor (or dare I say it even better than the food). Different staff have their own tasks/jobs, your waiter ensures you have a good experience, they have different busboys bringing you food and taking away your used dishes. I think a manager even came over to readjust my friend's napkin when she stepped back to use the restroom. That keen attention to detail is something to admire and worth it!
Now onto my favorite part- no not the food yet - LIVE music! On a weekday night (tuesday or wednesday - i cant remember) and sunday brunch they have live sitar and tabla players which is the icing on what would be a perfect night. 
Ok food- the Paneer Tikka masala is to die for, the spinach chaat, the avocado appetizer, and lastly the unique rosemary herb naan.
I cant wait to go back!We had dinner here last night and it was a very good experience.
Highlights:
- Mixed drinks cocktails were interesting and flavorful (e.g., chai sangria was a pleasant and unique surprise)
- Appetizers were the best part of the meal. Crispy spinach chaat was cooked perfectly although it had a bit too much cheese on it. Crispy cauliflower was also cooked perfectly. Crisp, moist, and perfect size.
- The entrees were good but not great. Laal mass was a bit overcooked and the lamb had started to fall apart as a result. The chana masala with pomegranate juice sounded better than it tasted. It was our least favorite thing we tried.
- Lemon cashew rice was definitely the right choice over the basmati rice and the garlic naan portions were perfectly-sized and not burnt which happens too often in Indian restaurants. 
- Service was timely and professional and our waiter was able to answer all of the questions we had.
- Only downside was that the restaurant was very dark inside and it was quite loud. There was a table next to us of 8 people who had two younger children under the age 3. Predictably, the two kids who were out after 7 PM were not well-behaved and cranky since they were almost certainly tired. 
I would definitely come back here again especially if it was for happy hour to sit at the bar with a mixed cocktail and appetizers.I returned with friends for a brunch on Sunday morning. It was an excellent experience! They offer both breakfast items as well as lunch. I had a  chicken tikka wrap which is very tasty with masala fries, one of my friends had the chope batture which was excellent.  As always this place had great service and I would highly recommend going for brunch or any other meal.Made reservations for Fathers Day Brunch last week with a woman hostess. I just called because we were running a few minutes -reservation was not in their system. They offered me a seat in ten minutes, no apologies or anything. Disappointed that our Father's Day celebration isn't happening .Modern twist to indian cuisine. Chilli lamb chops one of the highlights on the menu !
Mango panacotta  for the dessertBooked weeks in advance and was really looking forward to trying out their menu. Turns out I booked it for Fathers Day and they were only offering that menu. Kind of annoying because if I knew they only were serving a set menu, I wouldn't have came on that day. 
Anyways food tasted great and was a lot to eat - ended up taking most of it home. 
Waiters were smiling and friendly. Our main waitress didn't know much about the menu so had to keep going back and asking the chefs - but she was willing to help us out. 
We were the first people there despite a 11am booking but towards the end of our meal-  a tabla and sitar group were playing and it sounded great. 
Only negative is the menu issue, otherwise enjoyed the food, ambiance and chai.Great authentic Indian food! Food was steamy hot, one of the best chicken tikka masala gravy's I have had in East Coast. The gravy was smooth and thick in texture. The lighting and ambience was delightful. My lady loved her Baingan barta (eggplant gravy) which was spicy, tangy and flavorful as she expected and she's Indian too. This place is way way better than it's competitor - Tashan. 
If you are in Phily area and looking to eat fine dining delicious Indian food, please stop by and check out IndeBlue (NOT Tashan).Amazing, amazing, amazing! I came here for the lunch menu with a friend. The crispy spinach chaat was one of the best dishes I've ever tasted. I would be happy to eat just that and nothing else. We also had the deep fried cauliflower - tasty, but not as good as the spinach. For entrees we had an amazingly tender lamb rogan josh and a pork dish that I forget the name of, but was also amazing.
Excellent services from the staff - I can't have dairy so they pointed out everything vegan on the menu and offered to specially cook our meat dishes with oil instead of butter. I will definitely be coming back!Upscale, delicious and healthy Indian food! They had some new takes on some of the classics. All spice levels were perfect. The restaurant is a neat decor and classy yet cozy. The prices were a bit high but it's downtown philly so that's a thing. The staff was super nice even when they were very busy. It was clear our waitress was trying to speed up our drinks and was thoughtful in letting us know the status of our order. I hope to come here again!This was nice! We made reservations for a Saturday night and arrived early, so we took a seat at the bar for some drinks. Our table was ready promptly. 
We thought about the chef's tasting but eventually ordered a la carte. We started off with the spare rib samosa rolls and the spice crispy cauliflower. These were both delicious, especially the samosa rolls with the sauce on the side. I liked the crispiness of the cauliflower but I did expect it to have more of a kick. 
For my main I ordered the lamb rogan josh with a side of malai kofta. The lamb was super soft and tasty and the malai kofta was creamy and rich of flavor. The lamb was spicy, but not too spicy. M ordered the tandoori mixed grill with a side of chana masala. He liked the lamb chops very much - it also came with prawns. The chana masala was very nice too. We also had the garlic naan. Be warned: it's pretty strong flavored.
The restaurant is beautiful; it's definitely a nice place for date night or a girl's night. All the staff we interacted with were friendly, and the chef even came to some tables (including ours) to check if everything was OK. 
Great Indian food in a great setting!I've always been wary to try Indian food. I've heard the horror stories and have always passed. After being introduced to a few of the menu items at Yelp's 10th Anniversary Bash, I was determined to come here and try a few more items off of the Happy Hour menu.
Everything was wonderful from the food to the service. The bartender was friendly and made sure that we were catered to. The ambiance is great- trendy, romantic yet casual.
As for the food, 10/10. Like I said before, Indian has always creeped me out, but since IndeBlue is Indian infusion, it opened my eyes to a cuisine I would not normally try. The vegetable samosa's were full of flavor, resting on top of a bed of chickpeas. The spinach chaat was unlike anything I have ever tasted before- the crunch of the spinach paired perfectly with the sweet yogurt. The naan pizza is a nice portion for everyone to try- a bit small but the flavors were outstanding. The star of the evening though was the BBQ pork spare rib samosas. The meat was seasoned with tamarind and the blue cheese wine sauce mixed well with every flavor. 
I cant wait to come back and try the items on the dinner menu as I ordered almost everything on the HH menu.First time at Indeblue. I'm a regular curry hand but am generally disappointed by Indian food in the US. This was great. Food and service very good. Will be backRE: the most amazeballs chicken and waffles I have EVER EATEN/endless brunch mimosas and a little bit of RICK ASTLEY
We're no strangers to love.
You know the rules and so do I
A full commitment's what I'm thinking of
You wouldn't get this from any other girl
I just want to tell you how I'm feelingggggggg
Gotta make you understand.
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
We've known each other for so long
Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it
Inside we both know what's been going on
We know the game and we're gonna play it
Aaaaaaaaand if you ask me how I'm feelinggggggg
Don't tell me you're too blind to see 
(swoon)Great Indian cuisine in downtown Philadelphia. They have a great ambiance and food that is authentic with perfect spices. The portions even for dinner are a bit small on the entree and a huge plate of rice. If you go with another person I would suggest 1 plate of rice per 2 to 3 people depending on how much you like. 
The service is good. There is a wine list as well as cocktails available.Daily happy hours, even on weekends from 5-closing!! Got the Mumbai mirch which tasted like a spiked, spicy mango lassi. It's a tequila based drink with orange, lychee, lime, and chili. I tried the monsoon too which tastes like a spicy mulled wine but chilled. Will have to try the food next!This is it. Wow. This was one of those meals (and they are few and far between) where with the last bite I had to sit back and savor the moment. If it wasn't perfection, it was darn close.
If you are looking for superb Indian food in Center City, at a place that is upscale (without the upscale surcharge) and offers a fine dining experience, look no further.
Not that I've been to the competition, but this was so top notch, I don't need to go anywhere else. IndeBlue has me.
I arrived at little after 8pm on a Thursday. They were busy, not overtaxed. A good sign, I thought.
Another good sign: all the entrees are Gluten Free. That's right: all the entrees. And they have gluten free naan, too. I'm telling you: they do gluten free.
The food was spectacular. The flavors full and layered. Even the rice had spices & seasoning that flowed and danced.
I am a one trick pony and had the chana masala, spicy. One of the finest dishes I have ever had.
I know; you've heard me say this before, perhaps. Well, perhaps, but the truth still stands here. And, note, I've had plenty of food I've never written about. Why Yelp about mediocrity? I don't. 
IndeBlue is not a one trick pony; looking around the restaurant, it was clear that every dish was being thoroughly enjoyed.
The gluten free bread was naan-like. It was light (not fluffy) and thin and roasted with seasoning (and tomato?). I'd give is a GF "A." A delicious GF naan substitution. For the first time since going gluten free, I could actually enjoy the meal with naan. And had I been with non-GF, I could have convinced them to forgo the gluten and join me with the gluten free.
A word about the price: this place is a bargain. I'm not going to say under-priced, but let us do say that I was surprised at how little my check was. For instance: the GF naan was $3. And so is the regular naan. Yup; no gluten free surcharge. You've seen it: the GF item is 1/3 to a 1/2 more expensive. Not so here.
And the chana masala was a more-than-reasonable $14.
The service was very good. The waiter extremely pleasant & helpful. He knew gluten free. He had great banter and table-side manner. He found me papadam and recommended Bushmills as my Seagrams VO replacement.
The Indian restaurant didn't have a Canadian whiskey. The horror. ;-)
Bottom line: Excellent food. Great urban decor. A fine dining experience.
I'd only wished I'd had a date.Brunch + Endless Mimosas + Indian Food!!!
I'm not super familiar with Indian food, so this was a good introduction. I went to brunch on a Sunday with three friends - we all ordered be endless mimosas of course! And they truly are endless - the staff will come by to re-fill/top you off the entire time! I tried both the regular mimosa and the rose mimosa. (The rose was a bit too sweet for my taste.) We ordered a naan basket that came with three different seasonings (sweet, roasted tomato and rosemary). This was my first time having naan and I'm addicted! 
I ordered the omelette with lump crab meat, cheese, tomato and bell pepper. Five stars for actually giving me substantial lump crab meat! So often it's super minced meat, but at Indieblue you get delicious huge chunks. It comes with a side of potatoes and naan, which were so good! 
My 2 friends ordered the chicken and waffles and the other ordered the French toast. The chicken and waffles were a hit and looked pretty delicious! The French toast was good but didn't come with a side and wasn't 100% filling. 
We ended the meal (or so we thought...) with dessert and ordered the salted caramel ice cream with banana balls. Honestly I could eat this everyday! It was just enough sweet without being too much and was also just pretty to look at!
Then, we really ended the meal with a drink (or two) at the bar. We got the chai sangria. WHAAAATTT! My new favorite drink!!! I will 100% go back very soon!Brunch was great.  Chicken and Waffles were amazing.  The lamb and shrimp apps were good too.  Great Bloody Mary.  Wish there were 6 StarsThis is a great place for people that are trying Indian food for the first time. i think it's a perfect combination of authentic Indian with creative twists on classics. I went for restaurant week and couldn't have been more pleased!
We started off with a trio of soups that were all equally delicious and making our 3-course meal more like 4 courses! Then I had the spinach chaat which I'm still dreaming about! This may have been my favorite part of the meal! I had the non-vegetarian sampler platter for dinner, all parts amazing! For dessert was a fried banana flavored dough with cinnamon ice cream, rather dense but incredibly delicious! I will definitely be returning!Sighhh. I honestly wanted to give this a 2 star rating, but because I have had great experiences at the Collingswood location I bumped it up a star.
My parents and aunt and uncle came to visit me in Philly, and we decided to go to IndeBlue since we loved the Collingswood location. We arrived at the restaurant a little after 8pm on a Saturday night. We waited at the bar, and it took a good 10 minutes before the bartender came back to the bar and took my order. I got the chai sangria, which was good but a little sweet for my taste. My mom and aunt really liked it though. 
We were seated shortly after I got my drink. And this is where, in my eyes, the experience went downhill. My parents and aunt and uncle are vegetarian. The menu had a total of 5/6 vegetarian entree options, 2 of which were daals (lentils). We started off by ordering 3 vegetables (2 of which were paneer based and one eggplant) and one daal. I asked our waitress if there were any other vegetables we could order and she suggested appetizers, which we weren't interested in getting. We asked for all of the dishes to be made spicy and they were. One of the most disappointing parts of the night was when our food came out. Indian food is meant to be eaten family style, but the portions were so small that by the time the 5 of us put a spoonful of the entree on our plate the bowl was empty... But of course we received a mountain of rice with each entree. We immediately had to order another entree, another paneer based vegetable. Luckily the service was very attentive and our last minute entree came out piping hot within 10 minutes. 
Now the bill. $14-16 per entree for the tiniest, most simple punjabi food. On top of that, we were charged $2 for a small plate of onions and lemon. What happened to the days of free pappadam and onions? I've been to many upscale American restaurants in NYC and they have no trouble serving table bread without charge. These things cost the restaurant literally nothing to make and if you're going to charge some absurd amount for a tiny entree, it's the least you can you do.
To top it all off, my dad was looking at the receipt today and noticed that they charged a 20% tip for our party of 5! What is that about?! We hadn't noticed this at the restaurant so the waitress went home with a nice 40% tip.
Bottom line - I won't be back, at least not to the Philly location. The lack of vegetarian variety and the hiked up prices (and nonsense tip policy) have ruined it for me.Great regular menu!  Restaurant Week menu sucks.  Curry Goat is terrific!  Nice happy hour!The food is amazing! The menu provides a lot of options for gf and v preferences. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant has a great atmosphere too with candle light and there was a live sitar player.Great happy hour! We sat at the bar and had drinks, appetizers and some great entrees. 
Food was quite tasty and they have both gluten-free and vegetarian options. Service was friendly and when they took some extra time with our entrees they apologized in a way that seem genuine and comped us some bread. 
Great happy hour and I hope to return for dinner soon.We came into town several days before attending a New Year's Eve wedding. My husband did a bit of research and found Indeblue. 
What a fabulous find! The atmosphere was sophisticated and quiet. The wait staff was knowledgeable and service was timed perfectly.  The food was delicate and very tasty.  Each dish had its own unique flavor and the portions were generous but not overbearing.  Highly recommend this restaurant.Excellent food! One of the best that I've personally had and I'm from NYC. Very enjoyable, I would recommend their mango alcoholic drink, naan pizza, garlic naan, and chicken tikka. Definitely will come back for dinner.Why is this place so delicious! I was nervous to try Indian food and after I been here I am hooked. Everything here is perfectly cooked with flavors that just melt in your mouth. I been to several Indian restaurants after to compare and no place beats this place! The place is so beautiful too with a great atmosphere The food is a bit expensive.Seafood Moilee: This dish is very unique and fabulous. Indeblue has a great environment, good service and fantastic food.Good Indian food. I had originally preferred the NJ location but I heard its closing. Nice date night place, enchanting atmosphere, and pleasant staff.So amazing to have our favorite spot add another location!  Food here is up and above excellent, bordering on spectacular. Chef Rakeesh blends flavors and spices seamlessly and easily. Every bite, from their apps to their amazing chutneys are an experience not to be missed.  Philly is gaining a brilliant chef and soon to be hot spot.  We will be here again and again.Great food, service, value, and atmosphere! Will be going back soon :) Get the Samosa Chaat - it was WONDERFUL!Of course my meal and service here was damn spectacular and I was very happy with it. I'm a bit bitter about how expensive everything is and that it didn't have the same great options as the Collingswood location I had tried, but it was absolutely delicious. 
This is some high quality indian and the restaurant itself was gorgeous, so I was thrilled to be here, I just don't think a rice dish with a cheap cut of lamb needs to be over $20. It was Lamb Biryani which was spiced so well with whole coriander and saffron and everything great about indian, so really no complaints on food at all. We also got a crisped spinach app and a tikka masala pita pizza which was straight awesome with the amount and type of spice used. We sprung for some fancy cocktails and all of them were delicious and strong. Go for them if you're celebrating or are ok with paying $14 for a drink. 
I'd sooner go to the Collingswood location over this for everything but atmosphere. If they added the $20 thali sampler to the Philly location, my butt would be at the door immediately. If you're going on a nice date and both can appreciate some spice, I would definitely recommend this place.Attentive service. Their sincerity in ensuring a perfect dining experience was top notch. 
A must visit whenever in Philly!Tonight was looking for spice and flavor, enter IndeBlue. Modern decor and dishes that had just a hint of a contemporary twist - barring the fish taco which was completely outside the box, though tasty - I found everything I was looking for! If I had a genie in a bottle though, I'd update the decor making it less 'fancy' to highlight the food and make it less about what feels like a movie set.Loving this place so far. IndeBlue is what a certain other nearby upscale Indian restaurant should have been. The ambiance is nice and the food imaginative, but still distinctively Indian. We've been here for dinner and Sunday brunch and haven't had a bad meal.
Brunch features both very Indian foods and more classic egg-based dishes, with an Indian slant. I had the Non-vegetarian Thali, which featured a chicken dish and a lamb dish, along with chickpeas, a green salad, a vegetable fritter and some naan. My wife had the masala omelette, which tasted more like a traditional Spanish tortilla than anything distinctly Indian, but also definitely wasn't just a traditional Spanish tortilla. The omelette also came with some tasty naan that had special seasonings and cheese on it.
The service is also very friendly and efficient. We've had the same waitress both times we've gone, and she's been friendly and attentive both times.
This place isn't cheap, but you're getting some quality food and service for the price you pay.I went to try this restaurant with my family given good reviews. But, I was totally let down and did not meet any expectations.
Its definitely not classical Indian food. Only thing we liled was the spinach chaat. Main course dishes were terrible.  we went during the restaurant week and did not have full menu also and the service was horrible and too pricy givem you had to choose only 2 to 3 from the menu.
Live sitar was the only good thing.Great find in philly! Yelpers thanks for the tip. Had the shrimp "tacos" to start. Chicken madras to finish. Wife had veggie jalfrezi. All awesome. Recommend with only one reservation--they need more Indian beer!The food was just amazing. I had malai kofta  for lunch and it was creamy, the paneer was soft and overall, it was delish!We went to Indeblue at the recommendation from a friend- it was delicious! We did an earlier dinner (6pm) before seeing a show at the Academy so when we arrived the dinner rush hadn't started yet. We asked for recommendations and were directed to the Mumbai Mirch -  their own version of the margarita - it was perfect! We did the tasting menu which was great - it wasn't the typical the chef picks everything for you but more of a pick x amount of items form each section specials included for a set price. As an appetizer several people told me to make sure I tried the crispy spinach chaat amazing and I highly recommend. We had the stuffed long hot peppers as well as the cauliflower appetizers and they too were on point. The chicken tikka kebabs were cooked perfectly- the chicken was juicy and flavorful and our waiter told us anything from the oven was great. As entrees I had the Sea Bass- note that the sauce is a little sweet which some may not like, but the fish was cooked exactly how it should be- crispy on the outside but not overdone. The naan basket- it may have been the best naan I have ever tasted. By the time we left around 730 the dining room was packed.Finally!!!!! Philadelphia has an amazing Indian restaurant in Center City. (EKTA you're great but you're in No-lib)
This is the best indian I've had in the city and actuallly it can be in the argument with really good Indian restaurants in the region. 
A few things. This is not your traditional indian restaurant. This is extremely modern and Indeblue has done what no other Indian restaurant has ever done. Make curry sexy! its really hard to describe but you just have to try it out for yourself and let me know if you agree with me or not. 
Ok enough of my rant. I started off with the Spinach Chaat, which was so different but tasted exactly how a good chaat should taste. The Spinach is baked (I think) with spices and probably oil to give it a really crispy texture. Piled on top of the spinach is a wonderful combination of everything chaat. Moving on, scallops were the bomb, I could never imagine scallops in a sambar base tasting as glorious as it did, what a pleasantaly surprising dish. Shrimp, amazing, super super fresh like it just came out of the water fresh in a spicy tomato based blend. Chicken kebab, Spicy very Spicy but super tender and delicious. 
I can't talk about this anymore. Its frustrating me that I'm not there and I'm on my computer salivating.I would rate this place 5 stars, the food sure deserves it, but I can't due to their volatility of the bar. Jeff was an amazing bartender but suddenly he wasn't working. This situation needs to be resolved and Jeff needs to come back and this place will be a proper 5 star place5+ stars for food and like 2.5 for service...
If you want a high quality dining experience, come here.
Our server was rather interesting. He spilled wine, couldn't talk properly, forgot an entree, and charged us the wrong check. Still giving 5 stars because that's how redemptory the food was. 
Get the spinach chaat. It's basically lightly fried spinach and it's delicious. Mixed grill was perfect for those who want some variety. Couldn't try the eggplant because the server forgot it unfortunately...
Pepper boat appetizer is spicier than I thought so don't get it unless you're REALLY into spicy. Luckily I am!
Overall, the service needs improvement here but hey, the dining ambiance/food is worth it. Pretty sure this place is also legit in terms of authenticity.FINALLY got to try out this (not-so) new Indian spot that everyone has been raving about in Philly!
Rested cozily amongst some of the best bars in center city, it's a great spot to go to before a night out. The ambiance is great, although I thought it would be a little bigger, just judging from other photos I've seen, but that does not affect my rating at all.
Went sporadically on a Saturday night and somehow was able to snag a table for 3 very last minute. I think we may have just gotten lucky because I've looked before, and this place is usually pretty booked up. 
We started with 3 appetizers. First up were the long hots. Basically, a green hot pepper stuffed with cheese. I was not a fan due to the extreme level of spice, but my friends loved it. We also had the samosas, which in my opinion were pretty delicious. Nothing out of the ordinary, but great, nonetheless. My favorite was the crispy spinach! Never had anything like it and it was amazzzzing. Great sharing size for an app, as well!
For dinner, we shared 3 entrees, the lamb rogan josh, chicken madras, and paneer tikka makani. The serving sizes were pretty great for sharing. Each had a good amount of spice, which is pretty important to me when having Indian food. 
We were too stuffed for dessert, but I willl certainly save room for next time! Highly recommend this place to satisfy your Indian craving with a twist!Delicious food but a little in the pricey side. Had gluten free options for my dietary restrictions.One of the best Indian restaurants I've ever dined at, excellent service and food was delicious! I had the moilee which had jumbo shrimp and lump crab meat in a coconut and mustard curry, soooo good. If you are a novice to Indian food you should definitely go here to try it.So worth it! I was introduced to Indian food about 5 years ago and it's still my favorite ethnic food to eat! The spinach chaat is my favorite thing on their menu! I went with a friend and we did the course option and it was so fun and delicious, and for the amount of items you get the price was worth it! It's my top choice for Indian!I was so excited to try out this restaurant. After all, I have a love for Indian food! I was expecting this place to blow the competition out of the water.
But... I must have dined on an off day? Other than beautiful interior and plate presentation, it did not exceed my expectations compared to local Indian restaurants in Manayunk. 
First impressions... Upon looking at the menu, I was stoked to see that the chef cooks with free range chicken! I wish more restaurants advertised this! But I was surprised to find French toast, waffles and bacon alongside traditional Indian selections. It felt so out of place that it seems it shouldn't be on the menu? Perhaps it's for customers that don't want Indian food for brunch? Yeah I know, confusing. This in no way impacted my rating, I just found it interesting and would put it out there. :P
My friends and I first ordered samosas. The sauce that accompanied the samosas was delicious, but the samosas themselves were just ok. I recommend Laxmi Indian Grille on Main Street for the best samosas (the dough has a perfect thickness with a beautiful aroma of Indian spices). Next we ordered the chicken drums of heaven. Everyone also thought that it was just ok. 
On to entrees. I ordered butter chicken. Unfortunately the chicken was dry!! But the curry itself was fragrant. My friends ordered the chef platter which came with several curries, rice pudding and nan. It looked great and I immediately regretted my entree decision! What can I say, always go with your gut - chose the first thing on the menu that stands out to you! :)
We also ordered drinks - a mint lemonade (not too sweet, pretty good) and lassi (delicious and filling). 
After speaking with the table (dined with two Indian friends), they thought the food was at 3 - 3.5 stars overall. However, would be happy to come back and try more in hopes to improve this rating.The food is solid here.  Everything I've tried from brunch to lamb chops has been good.
My problem was with the service.  Our waiter seemed impatient and rude to answer questions, forgot multiple items, and refused to split a check in a way that we asked (and there were only four of us).A nice restaurant. Being a big party without a reservation, we waited for our table at the bar. The girl working the front of the house was very nice and attentive. Food got to our table very quickly and, most importantly, it was very good. Everyone was very pleased with it. The goat dish and the pork vindaloo were especially tasty. Naan bread was delicious, incredibly light, perfect for scraping that last bit of sauce out of the bowl. I would definitely recommend this place.The food is good. You pay 10 dollars for about two or three pieces/ 2 ppl and your going to still feel hungry at the end. I heard their happy hour was really good but buyer beware when coming for dinner. This is Tashan 2.0I'm from the west coast and I still think about this place. The food is AMAZING! Will definitely visit again when I go back to Philly.We were visiting Philly from Portland, Oregon and heard the Indian cuisine in the city was worth trying. We found IndeBlue on Yelp and read a few quality reviews before pulling the trigger on a Saturday night reservation. We were blown away by both the quality of the food (and drinks!) and our charming waiter, Nitesh. This restaurant is a real treat for your tastebuds. We opted for the tasting menu and picked the Indian Paella and the Vindaloo for our entrees. Both perfectly executed -- even accommodating my shellfish allergy by substituting additional scallops (cooked PERFECTLY!) for shrimp (which I can't have). Honestly, this was an excellent experience. They were quite busy and there's a good reason why. You'll definitely want to make a stop at IndeBlue if you have the chance. Oh, and a note to management: Nitesh is Manager-worthy. Our experience simply wouldn't have been the same without him.Take this with a grain of salt because it was restaurant week. We had a reservation and were seated. After sitting at the table for more than 15 minutes without so much as a member of the waitstaff making eye contact with us (and believe me we tried to get their attention), we walked out. It wasn't even particularly busy!  The worst part was the matre d' who had just seated us told us to have a good night as we walked out the door, not even realizing that no one had come to help us and we had not even ordered. I think the food is actually very good. I want this place to do well. They can and should do better. However, what we experienced was hands-down the worst service (or lack thereof) I have ever experienced.  Again - it was restaurant week, which I usually avoid like the plague, we actually went there not even realizing it was. Still, there is no excuse for what happened, especially when the restaurant wasn't even close to full and the staff didn't look like they were hustling even a little bit.My friend and I went on a Tuesday and they had live sitar playing. The music was awesome, and of course accompanied by great food. Service was a bit slow but pleasant.Today - The best Rogan Josh and Nan I have had in the last several years, Very Authentic Indian food. Five stars for cleanliness, ambience, authenticity and quality.
No question in my mind that I will eat here again.There's a lot of good restaurant right within a few blocks but this is worth a stop. It's an American-Indian fusion with very good results. The drums of heaven are delicious wings with just enough spice and go well with tamarind chutney. The naan pizza is a nice touch. The seafood moilee is should try.It's hard to get a good meal on a Saturday night in Center City without a reservation, or so I thought... until IndieBlue rocked my world.  
I've been to IndieBlue in Collingswood so I thought that I knew what I was getting myself into, but boy was I wrong. Our party of four decided to split a few small plates and one larger entre and every single thing that we ordered was off the charts! The crispy spinach chaat was crispy, yet juicy, in a way that I find hard to explain. The shrimp roti tacos were an awesome and unexpected standout and the tandoori mixed grill and bread basket were a great way to sample a little bit of a lot of different flavors. 
Prices were reasonable for an upscale, center city restaurant and the servers were all friendly and attentive. I'll definitely be back for happy hour at the very least!Some of our friends highly recommended IndeBlue so our family of four went for dinner.
The ambiance is nice, and the service very good.
We had the spinach chat, since so many reviewers had raved about it, honestly we were disappointed. It is very oily and filling, luckily we shared the plate so was OK.
We ordered chicken tikka makhani, chicken madras, lamb roghan josh and malai kofta with some naans. We really liked the roghan josh, chicken tikka and malai kofta in that order. The chicken pieces in chicken madras were very dry, though the gravy was flavorful.
Finished the meal off with chocolate sutra - which was very good as well.Every dish was amazing. Full of flavour and lovely atmosphere. I had the veg samosa to start, butter chicken curry and then chocolate sutra for dessert. All delicious. Best Indian I've had in the US so far.This is a very cool restaurant. We only came in for a drink at the bar, so I can't review the food, but the menu looked awesome and the place smelled great. They get 5 stars for their unique, delicious cocktails. They have a fun little bar area, and a bartender who is super friendly and very talented. 
We visited on Memorial Day for a drink before dinner at a different restaurant. I had the Monsoon cocktail, which is sangria, sparkling wine, chai and cardamom. Totally unique drink, I loved it. My sister had a Mumbai Mirch, which is made with tequila and tastes like a fancy margarita, she enjoyed it quite a bit. Her boyfriend tried the Indebluetini, which was delicious and refreshing. All three drinks were served on the rocks in a squat, round, heavy glass, and it was happy hour so they were only $6 each. 
If I'm ever back in Philadelphia, I'd love to try the food here. As it stands, definitely worth your time if you're looking for a beverage.Excellent! First time eating Indian cuisine and it was absolutely delicious. My boyfriend and I shared the cauliflower. Which was my favorite of the night. My boyfriend choose the sea bass and I had the moilee...both were amazing would be visiting again.This restaurant was such a pleasant surprise. The menu  has familiar Indian food but with a twist.  The vegetarian dishes, that can be ordered as sides, were excellent and the spinach chat was wonderful.  Even the rice was very good.
The service was perfect. Our sever was very attentive and didn't hurry us even though the restaurant was full.
The ambiance is casually sophisticated and the noise level was acceptable.
I thought this was the best Indian food in Phila.  (my husband says Tashan but they really both are great)The mixed grill was excellent.  The lamb chops were just perfect in the clay oven. I'd get them alone the next time. I'm a big indian fan and the flavors were up to par.  I'd definately eat here again.  Next time i'm up for happy hour.  the reviews for HH great!Love!!! I was there Saturday night with my boyfriend.  You could honestly walk right by this place, but the outside is not a true reflection of the sleek, ambient, Indian-with-a-modern-twist vibe that exists in there.  It was even romantic, I'd say.  
I love Indian food, but am also pretty new to it, so I was interested to see what IndeBlue's take on it was.  We were not disappointed!  Started off with a bourbon, lemon, honey, lavender cocktail, which was on point.  The cocktail menu itself was very nice.  For an appetizer, had somewhat of a paneer bruschetta, which was outstanding, and also a really fun play on traditional bruschetta.  Entrees were delicious as well - definitely reminiscent of your favorite Indian take out dish, but with lovely, fresh, and exotic ingredients, served super elegantly.  Dessert menu was also very fun!
I read some reviews on here complaining about the food here, and I, quite frankly, don't get it.  Hoepfully no one comes in here expecting a fully traditional Indian experience...This is a beautiful, fun, twist on the flavors and dishes you know and love.  :)This was my first time at the Philadelphia location.  We made reservations and were seated quickly.  The service was fine and the waitress kept our drinks filled well enough.  The food was okay but it was different from what I remember at the Collingswood location so that was disappointing and they didn't offer their full menu so my son was unable to order what he wanted.  I wanted my kids to try some of their ice cream but their dessert menu was also limited.  So it wasn't a horrible experience but a bit disappointing overall.  And we had to pay for parking and valet so I think we'll stick to the Collingswood location in the future.This is easily the best Indian food I've had in Philadelphia. I loved that they do a modern reinvention of classic Indian cuisine that still nevertheless remains true to tradition.
Must order dishes: 
1. Spinach chaat. This was the perfect opener, and I've never had anything quite like it before. The spinach is flash-fried so it's perfectly crispy, and we loved the yogurt and tamarind date chutney together. It was light, but very well-rounded in flavor. 
2. Malai kofta bukhara. We ordered this as a side, rather than the entree, so we could try more dishes, but this is something I would order as an entree next time. The creamy cardamom sauce was delicious, and the kofta filled with apricot and cashew was heavenly. 
3. Any of the bread selections. Seriously. I especially loved the provencal (garnished with rosemary, thyme, sage, and oregano) because I'm a sucker for truffle oil. 
We also tried the chicken madras--it was well-flavored, but we didn't find it particularly rave-worthy. Maybe it just didn't stand out in comparison to the other dishes that we loved. 
(Also completely irrelevant note, but the Williams-Sonoma nerd in me loved the silverware here! Such a unique design that fit in so well with the decor and ambiance of the restaurant.)
The service was perfect and attentive. We came relatively late on a Saturday night (around 9:30 PM), and it was surprisingly busy. We were seated right in the middle of the dining room, so it was a little loud at times, but to be fair, we spent a decent amount of meal eating and not a lot of time talking once the dishes came out. The decor was gorgeous. On the whole, can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!Happy hour only served at a small bar at the front. They definitely don't explain this on their website and happy hour signs.  When we asked the manager about this he told us that they basically didn't need our business because the place will be packed regardless... Not a very professional way of handling your customers if you ask me. They did end up giving us a few apps at happy hour prices and we did ended up staying and paying a lot to eat there. 
The food was over priced and not that great, it was just ok, definitely not worth the money.  I will not be returning.We didn't know it was Restaurant Week but enjoyed sharing 3 apps and 3 "entrees". I feel like the flavors are similar to standard Indian dishes (tikka masala) but not labeled that way. They didn't ask about spice level here and I could have definitely done with more but none-the-less it was good. The lamb was my favorite: tender and with a great sauce. The chicken and salmon were still good but overcooked (stringy and tough).
I have been corrected as the owners are from India here, but the wait staff isn't. I'd classify this as "modern Indian" for sure which actually was a refreshing change.Very nice ambience, trained staff and good service.. Musicians playing around lunch time on Sunday made it even better.. 
We were a bunch of friends meeting up after a long time.. Had reserved a table and hence got seated immediately.. We all had Thali, all of us were happy with the food.. The Channa was just awesome, we ended up requesting for a second helping which they obliged.. Quantity was adequate, Dal, chicken and fish were all tasty and Naan served with the Thali was nice and fluffy too.. Overall, it was a very nice experience.. 
PS : They charged 20% gratuity, I personally don't like this policy by restaurants since that is like having a blanket cover for shoddy service..This is my fave place in the city! I usually never write reviews but Indeblue deserves it :) I come here at least once a week, sometimes 4. It's my go to meeting spot and first place where I bring all my out of town friends. The bar menu is so perfect, I always get the crispy spinach, pizza and crab dip and wine! Bar menu apps are $4-$10, wide variety and drinks are very reasonably priced as well($6 wine all day)! 
Jeff makes me feel so welcome every time I sit at his bar, he knows I always try the beers but go with wine anyway, so he has the wine glass out when I walk in :) the actual restaurant is prestige and classy, amazing menu and great staff that will take very good care of you, the atmosphere is so cozy and beautiful interior is a perfect place for a chill date. Also, it's never too crowded. 
I could go on and on about how amazing this place is but I'll end this review with genuinely expressing my appreciation that Indeblue exists :)An Indian restaurant with brunch?  Where they do that at???  This was a new concept to me and I couldn't pass up the opportunity since it was my last day in town.  Luckily, we walked in with a party of five and were able to be seated right away.  We were at a round table in the dead center of the restaurant with a perfect view of the decor all around.  We heard music as soon as we stepped in, but I was so surprised when I turned around and realized I was sitting right in front of the stage where two gentlemen were playing instruments.  The music was LIVE!  I can count the brunches I have went to with live music on one hand.  This was definitely a plus, and made the experience all the better.  
I decided to try the rose mimosa.  It was very sweet, but still enjoyable!  I ordered paneer bhurjee and vegetable raita for my main course.  Paneer bhurjee was basically like a breakfast scramble using indian spices, sauces and the paneer cheese.  It came with chili-topped naan and was very delicious.  I was also surprised to see mango chutney on my plate, but that was actually my friend's.  I had already started eating it, so our server was kind enough to give her another one at no charge.  Some of my friends had their spiced chicken and waffles and offered to share... wow.  It was definitely in the top three chicken and waffles I have ever had.  The sriracha really set it off too!  
It is an understatement to say that I enjoyed myself at this establishment.  At times, the service was a tad slow, but not so slow that it was intolerable.  Just a heads up, there is a 20% gratuity charge to parties of five or more, and only two credit cards can be used with any check.This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city. We got their spinach appetizer which was out of this world! The samosas are also excellent. Having never been to an Indian fusion place I didn't know what to expect. I was super happy with the results.  Also, as a person who enjoys very spicy food, I was able to request really spicy curry and was not disappointed.Excellent Indian Brunch - order any of the thali's and you'll be super happy you did:)I hate to admit this but I am picky about food, I'm picky about service......probably not the greatest quality but it is me.......that being said...I LOVED IndeBlue....the wet cousin of IndeBlue in Collingswood which is dry!!
WONDERFUL food and great service....can't wait to go back!!Complicated review here. Just the two of us this go around. Philly was sweltering, much more humid than the west coast. We had reservations and were seated quickly. Place was empty, maybe 5 tables taken.
Upon our seating, our very nice server sold us on the 6 course Pre Fix. Neither of us had much of an idea of what to order or expect. We have had poor experiences with Indian Food in the past, however we wanted to try at a higher level of eatery before we closed the doors forever to eating this type of food. 
I think the quality of the ingredients, the staff, the portions, the ambiance was top notch.
The other person joining me loved the meal. But for a few exceptions, Please understand, I realize there is a difference between a quality meal which this was, and me just hating the tastes. I'll list the courses. And my ending of this challenging meal.
Started with some sort of cold soup. - to me it was ok. The other person said it tasted like vomit.
Fried Spinach Salad - Fantastic texture and taste! Simply marvelous, Both of us loved it.
Seared Scallops,- Over cooked by a hair, not seared properly. Very sweet Sauce inedible. The other person liked it. Here take mine.
Lolly POP of a Lamb Rib with a Small Chicken Breast. - To me inedible, tangy and very spicy. Chicken was in a spicy Coconut Chutney. The other person loved it, I hated it. The Naan Bread which came with it sucked.
Pork Shank with a roasted Potato. To me inedible. Other person enjoyed it.
Dessert was Fig Ice Cream Drizzled with Honey. I hated it, Inedible, Too sweet. The other person enjoyed it.
I think this type of food is not for everyone. I gave it an honest shot.Never again will I eat Indian Food I did not enjoy it from start to finish.  I didn't eat anything but for the one fantastic salad course.
I think evaluating the experience honestly is to say, if you like Indian Food, you probably will very much enjoy this place. However I won't be joining you. 
I rather eat my own throw upMy partner and I had two amazing meals with friends at the new IndeBlue - Midtown Village. The entire experience from arrival to departure was great both times!
Tobi the Bar Manager made us feel welcome and made great drinks. We sampled specialty drinks that were innovative and delicious - He was also very interesting to speak with while waiting for friends. Maura the Manager is a "Switched" on professional who was at our table at just the right times to check on us and we really felt looked after. Our servers have been wonderful both times.  Justin really introduced us to the concept and the menu on our first visit, and Jarrod did an amazing job when six of us returned and tried the four course tasting menu -DELICIOUS and so reasonable! I could go on and on about the food because everything was so memorable. For example - the Spinach Chaat was one of the most interesting dishes I have had in an Indian cuisine restaurant. The Lamb Shank plates looked as though they were licked clean by all six of us. This restaurant has a true vibe, the minute that you walk in the front door. From styling to music, lighting to layout, it is the type of place you feel at home in immediately! I Might stop in tonight and here their live Sitar musician who I believe is there every Friday night!Came here for lunch with a few of my friends who have been dying to try Indeblue. Finally came, and loved it! The food was phenomenal, great service, and swanky cute atmosphere.  Highly recommended! 
For appetizer we had the crispy spinach chatt and the dahi avocado chatt. Both delicious, but the spinach was mind blowing. So flavorful and just the right amount of crispy texture. Amazing!!  For entrees we ate off the lunch menu:  I had the Kaju Paneer Mattar, which was thick and creamy but very delicious.  Housemade paneer, with peas, cashews , creamy caradamom sauce.  (See photo).  My friends had the non-vegetarian tahli , which was served on a silver platter and several different small dishes of apps, entrees, And salads.  They all loved the chicken curry on the tahli platter, but didnt like the chicken tikka. I tried the lamb from one of my friends platters, and it was juicy, rich of flavor, and delicious.  The naan was also wonderful and they give you plenty for dipping. The sweet chutney I loved, the cilantro chutney was also good, and the spicy chutney I stayed far away from lol. Overall great experience, and my friends from India say the food is very good up to their quality standards!! Bravo chef!Delicious indian option for center city and all who sorely miss Bindi. I went here last week to try. It out and was very pleased with all aspects of this new 13th street addition. Upon walking in I felt transformed - maybe not to India but definitely to an elegant an pleasant dinner setting. The noise level was fine for conversation at the table which is getting to be an unheard of attribute of late and the food was spectacular.  This is not your average Philly Indian it is definitely a notch or two above that will leave you wanting for more. The portion size is appropriate and the service was very attentive but not overdone. Can't wait to go back.IndeBlue offers exceptional service, incredible food and a beautifully charming restaurant--all at very reasonable prices. My companion and I had the Chef's Tasting Menu. I am vegan, he is not. We both loved our meals and were very satisfied. You must order the vegetable samosas and the vegetable skewer. My companion had shrimp, chicken and lamb and he said they were all incredibly high quality meats, seasoned and cooked to perfection. Our waiter, Chris, was awesome and made us feel like family. This is my new favorite restaurant!Came in just before the kitchen closed and they still let me order. The tikka masala and naan pizza were great and the garlic naan bread was amazing! Also recommend the ginger twist from the bar, very good!I was craving a traditional Indian brunch, and got more than I could have asked for. I came to the restaurant to order Chole Bhature, a favorite dish of mine. It was well seasoned and very satisfying. We also ordered Eggs Vindaloo, which had nice flavors and was a unique fusion of Indian-American cuisine. The spicy Chicken and waffles was great too; there was a spicy sauce drizzled over it all that really made the dish superb. We topped off the meal with a pot of chai that was made perfectly. I had an amazing brunch experience with amazing food, for a reasonable price, and great customer service. I will be bringing my family here when they come into town.Very nice experience on Saturday night.  The restaurant is very attractive, although the noise level is pretty high.  The diver scallop appetizer was good, but the crispy spinach chaat was excellent.  My tandoori mixed grill was very good, although the lamb chops were just ok.  Chicken, shrimp and vegetables were all excellent and portion size was filling.  Dining partner's butter chicken was liked but not loved.  Fig ice cream dessert was very interesting and worth a try.Get the chef tasting if your in group of 6 or more. U get plenty of food which u can eat for lunch the next day. This is food you want to take home! Classic indian dishes with touch of todays modernness. 5 stars and the other reviews are on point!The food here is mouthwatering during happy hour! I am still thinking about the platters hours after consuming them. The crispy cauliflowers, pizza naan, & drumsticks are highly recommended. The atmosphere is also very sophisticated and welcoming. You must go here if you're nearby!Great ambiance, great service, very sheer. Food was awesome. I recommend the Dal Makhani, paneer tiki Marsala, and Chana saga. All great options and delish.IndeBlue is, by far, my favorite Indian restaurant in Philadelphia :-) 5 stars, woop woop!
I would go back for happy hour and order the chikni shandar that really tated more like the yummy sangria with just a touch of chai and cardamom. Innovative, to say the least! Then,  I would sit in the dining room for a lamb biryani dinner that was more like dinner plus lunch for two more days! The atmosphere was on-point with great service and even live music to put you more in the mood for Indian food! I feel like I have only touched the surface of what IndeBlue has to offer - I mean, Sunday brunch? Tons of other happy hour goodies and dinner goodies? Yes, please! IndeBlue, you've made me excited for another Indian food adventure!I get the full restaurant experience at Indeblue. The staff is fantastic. The food is flavorful. I learned that the owner is still actively involved in the kitchen as Head Chef (and its apparent in the foods/consistency). Overall, I have always had a positive experience here. I've enjoyed lunch, happy hour, and dinner. I have yet to have dessert, but the sweet breads are enough for me (carboholic). The only thing I didn't like was fried bread that came with my dish. I ate it, but afterwards, it sat a bit too heavily in my stomach. I'll go for the regular bread next time... didn't know fried was the option that came. Anyway, both me and the parties I am with are always satisfied. I look forward to dining more. Lots of veg options.Fantastic service and the food was delicious. You have to try the lamb lollipops they were amazing! A little pricey but a great place to go for a different take on Indian food.I have being eyeing this restaurant for months now and finally decided to try it for happy hour. The place was kind of empty when I got here immediately after the start of happy our at 5 and I got the seat at the bar. The bar never filled up till the close of happy hour, maybe because it was a Thursday. Now for the main part. The bartender Jason was very friendly and knew how to mix drinks and make happy hour happy with some strong cocktails. I had the monsoon, Mumbai Mirch and indebluetini. Mumbai Mirch and indebluetini were my favorites. 
For food, we ordered samosa chaat, crispy spinach, shrimp koliwada tacos, chicken chilly bao bun, stuffed pepper and chicken tikka pizzas. The food has a good twist to Indian food but do not come here expecting authentic spicy Indian food. Go to New Jersey for that, you won't get it in Philly. Crispy spinach was my favorite dish of all. Samosa chaat had good chutneys but was not spicy enough for me. The rest of the dishes were just above average. 
I think I will come back to try the entrees and thalis next time.IndeBlue from Collingswood. New Jersey has successfully added a sister restaurant in the popular 13th Street corridor of Center City Philadelphia.  This is an upscale Indian restaurant - one look at the dcor will tell you that - although prices remain fair and there are always specials.  My favorite dish so far here is actually an appetizer.  Their bbq pork samosas with a bleu cheese wine sauce are so tasty, I almost wanted to make a meal on them alone.  For my main course I wanted to try out their version of malai kofta bukhara.  I did enjoy it but for my tastes I could have used a little more seasoning and kick.  The house-made paneer, apricots, cashews and cream sauce had all the right ingredients ... they just needed a little push to bring out the various flavors.  If you do eat in IndeBlue, be sure to check out the gilded screen in the center of the restaurant - it's impressive.SPINACH CHAAT! That is all. Ya'll NEED to try this. 
I've come here multiple times for Happy Hour and once for dinner. The drinks are unique (one was super spicy which I wasn't a fan of) and the food is tasty. I was raised in an Indian household so I am a snob when it comes to Indian food - I highly recommend this place! 
Note: Not all the Naan Pizzas are yummy - they change them daily. Choose wisely.Great Indian food and excellent service. However there are some misconceptions. Their samosa chaat is NOT samosa chaat. It's 2 samosas on a tiny portion of chickpeas and a touch of yogurt. Not enough to call it a chaat, sorry. The price you pay for Indian food is HIGH compared to the portions you get. Their chicken tikka masala was good and at $12 but you get a small plate of it. They do what I would consider small plates/tapas but then don't call it an entree. When you order their naan which is $3 you get half of a naan lol. That's 2 quarters of a whole. I need one whole naan to eat for dinner, so I have to order 2 naan ($6) to get one whole naanGreat Indian food, excellent service and nice strong drinks from the bartender!  So many appetizers, mains, vegetarian items to choice from.  Loved the cauliflower, pork rolls and grilled salad.Currently eating leftovers from IndeBlue as I write this review. The food here is lovely, though I would stay away from any prix fixe menu they offer.
Below is what I (and my bf) tried from their $50pp Valentine's special menu (don't think all items are on their actual menu):
Course 1:
Red kidney bean soup: Ok, tastes like chili. I could do without
Chicken and kale soup: Tastes a bit like chicken noodle soup but with a thicker consistency. I wasn't a fan
Course 2:
Chickpea salad: Fine, but I can't believe they listed this out as a separate course.
Course 3:
Foiegras on toast: This was tasty, but I don't see the Indian connection at all..
Mushroom uttapam: Yum! Mushrooms + truffle oil over a light rice cake bread. This I would definitely recommend. 
Course 4:
Chicken Tikka Masla: No trip to an Indian restaurant would be complete without this British rendition of Indian food! You cannot go wrong with this! While my bf and I wanted to be adventurous and try something else, we just couldn't resist. The chicken was completely tender and the sauce slightly sweet.
Lamb chops: These were juicy, but I didn't particularly care for some of the spices which lent a bitter flavor.
This came with a bread basket of 3 naans: sesame, paneer, and garlic. I loved all 3. I could eat naan for days.
Course 5:
Red velvet cake: delicious, though I'm pretty sure this is a Valentine's day special.
Bread pudding: definitely could skip
While my review is not all that favorable, I still give this place 4 stars because the mainstay food items (I think) that the restaurant normally serves are great - chicken tikka masala, naan, mushroom uttapam. yumyum. I wish I had a choice to order a la carte. 
Point of the story: regular menu items are great. valentine's special, not so much.I love this restaurant  sooo much. Everything on the menu is amazing and they have 2 happy hours every day at the bar that is so cheap. The crispy salad long hots and wings are our fav... The look is so good here..It was my first time trying Indian food and this place gave me an amazing first time. My best friend and I tried the tasting menu it was $45 a person. I have no clue what I ate because we allowed the our waiter and the chef choose our appetizer, entree and dessert. I had zero complaints with everything even the nan bread. Our waiter even gave us complimentary champagnes. It was hard to figure out if the place was up scale or not I did my best to take clear pictures for y'all. But the spot is business casual.Surprisingly good lunch.
It takes a lot for me consider indian food good (I'm no expert), because there's plenty of Indian spots that try too hard with the high-end look.  Pricing is always a focus when I come to asian restaurants because the truth is that I really don't like to pay for stuff that I know costs little to nothing to prepare.
Maybe it was the fact that this was a lunch meeting (expensed) which allowed me to enjoy the food a little more than I anticipated....who knows.  Fact of the matter, it was plain delicious.
This is a lunch review so I can't wait to see what a dinner experience will bring.  Appetizer was a "crispy spinach chaat" that was refreshing and full of salty sweet flavors.  Entree was a "sea-food thali" which was essentially nan, rice and 5 small bowls of goodness (mainly curries, pickled mango & yogurt).
I look forward to trying out the dinner menu at some point.  I feel that the food, coupled with the modern/sheek decor, will make for an amazing night.We came down this weekend, for restaurant week. Lots of pressure this week, I know from experience it can be a big challenge for front and back of house.
I thought they did an admirable job. Service was on, attentive non intrusive, water glass full. 
Food very good, mussels were notably excellent, wife's spinach chaar. My lamb shank was excellent and not over cooked, which is endemic when the dish involves a heavy sauce. 
I was a little nervous ordering a lamb shank with a robust sauce, a sauce is often used to precook the shank, reheat it and the sauce covers many sins.
Probably not the case here. Shank was actually medium.
Negatives? Get a coat rack. Coffee was poison, tasted like Sysco coffee pulled through my college dorm's common Mr Coffee and saved (I graduated in 1997). And Mussels need mussel spoons and a bowl for shells. I understand the mussels were a new dish. I'd say work out the presentation and make it a menu item.
Otherwise, good showing!Read the reviews... This place has great food, the crispy spinach was delicious.  
But... Breakfast was terrible. Waffle came out cold, French toast came out cold.  Waffle was spongey... No crisp at all... I would have gave this place one star, but for the crispy spinach which I read off the review.  
I believe this place has good food.  I will give it one more chance and pick items listed in the reviews.AMAZING AMAZING service, food and atmosphere!!! We've only ever gone to the Collingwood location so definitely wanted to try out this location since they seem to have a good happy hour menu. Usually for happy hour menus alot of places provide very small quantities but not here...we were so full and satisfied by the quantity and the quality.  Also I like that happy hour goes on until close and not restricted to only 2 hours like other places. Definitely making this a regular stop for date night, girls night, or just because. Best experience with staff I've ever had at a restaurant!!!