This was once one of my favorite restaurants to eat from, no longer is it. I ordered food from here, it took a hour and 45 mins for me to receive the food. Upon receiving the food it was something that I had no idea. I always order the chicken tikka masala. Confused by the menu I order "chicken tikka" , this was disappointment as it was my birthday dinner. I called the following day as nobody was in to help me correct my order. I got the run around for 6 hours, as I kept being told the manager was not in. He didn't even think to get on the phone, I tasted the order to see if I could just eat it instead i was disappointment by the order, I told them I did not want a refund but a simple exchange as I had not touched my entire order. Instead they hung up on me an said we are not helping ! Very disappointed, and unprofessional.Went there for the second time this weekend.  Two of the specials appealed to my fella and me, so we chose the veggie tikka masala as our app and a mixed tandoori dish that was also a special... lovely, with chicken, shish kabab and veggies including brussels sprouts....  divine!' For curiosity's sake, we also ordered the beef Korma, figuring that beef at an Indian restaurant just isn;'t that common, so we should take advantage.
Our server was really nice, though I suspect she doesn't actually eat there... the first time we were there the server was had intimate knowledge of the cuisine, so he was great about advising the novices...alas, he is there no longer.
The ambiance was nice, though the tables a little small...we asked for a four top instead of a two top and were immediately accommodated.
I don't know exactly why, but this place  has a je non sais qua that sends me back there when I am craving Indian, in a way that Tiffin does not, even though it means a trip downtown.  I just like it here.
A nice date place.We have ordered from Lovash for years. The owner used to greet us in my husband's native bengali when we would come in or caller ID noted it was us. Recently we have been disappointed. At first we noticed the owner wasn't answering & the food had slipped a bit. Hoping it was temporary, we tried several more times. Last week's delivery was $5 more for one less dish and so tasteless that we only ate a few bites and tossed the rest. Sorry to have lost the original!I ordered some delivery one lazy Sunday after buying a groupon.  You can't use the groupon for Deliverey, but I love Indian so much I figured I'd have another opportunity.  I ordered chicken tikka masala, garlic naan. 
I have been on a quest to find the best Indian food in Philly, and this was just not it. The food was fine, a solid 3 stars. The delivery was EXTREMELY slow, but they did call to let me know it was going to be awhile because of the inclement weather (big rain storm), so while hungry, i wasn't that annoyed and i was clearly not leaving my house. 
In this small area, I would probably pick Minar Palace over Lavash, but it wasn't a bad choice, and I will eat there again. 
Ooh, also you card online and if you spend over $25 you get $5 off.Food is excellent, but consistently poor delivery service... culminating in tonight's debacle. 1.5 hours is not acceptable for delivery, and if there's a problem somewhere along the way (driver issues, food prep issue...) you have our number! Give a call! The last time we ordered delivery I called after 45 minutes and the driver said he was lost. Tonight we're going on over 1.5 hours and all we're getting is "the food left here a while ago".
Love their food but won't be ordering from here again. Don't offer delivery if you can't get it within 2 miles in a reasonable time.Nice ambience and decor. Friendly staff and decent service. Average food.  North Indian food better tasting than South Indian selection.BUG in the food!!
I read few good reviews about this place and wanted to try...so I ordered chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo for deliver. I got them within short span if time.Both dishes looked great...but when we started serving the dishes to our guest we found a BUG in the Chicken Tikka masala!!!!. My god..I couldn't believe it!! We threw both the dishes in thrash and took our guests out for pizza. Lovash is a very big let down!!! Becareful if you go there!!!!!!!!!!  There are lot of other better indian restaurants in city other than Lovash.3.5 Stars for Lovash.
Went because I had a Groupon; and am trying a bunch of Indian restaurants lately.  Sadly; this one is cannot compare to others I have visited.
The staff was very friendly; although I sensed I made our waiter nervous for some reason...  We were seating at a table for two that I thought was a tad bit too close for comfort to the two surrounding tables.
It was BYOB, nice touch.
We had veggie pakoras to try a new appetizer; and they were good; I don't know what to compare but the veggies seemed a bit raw on the inside.  But a raw veggie won't kill you!
I ordered Chicken Korma; my favorite dish; and really was so very unimpressed with it.  It wasn't terrible; but it was nothing like the melt me into a puddle of happiness dish that I get at other locations.
The peshwari (sweet) naan was excellent.
My friend ordered Shrimp Tikka; and felt it was adequate; she wanted to order the fish but felt scared to order an unspecified 'fish'.
I probably won't return here; not having had superior food elsewhere less than 7 blocks away.Awesome Indian food with a great setting and super pleasant staff! My girlfriend needed a vegetarian option and doesn't know too much about Indian food, the manager/owner (wish I got his name!) talked her through some options and she ended up loving her meal. The Naan was amazing as well. We're gonna be regulars from here on out!Good food, nice atmosphere, pleasant staff.  My friend and I really enjoyed eating here and we will be back again!I love this place! I had such a great experience! I love Indian food and have had it from all over the country.  This place gets 5 stars because of service, taste and overall experience.  Our server, Manzur was seriously the friendliest server I'd ever encountered at a restaurant.  Talk about attentive, but not overbearing! The one thing I liked about the food was the fact that I asked for medium spice and it wasn't crazy spicy! Typically I'll ask for medium spice and it'll be wayyyy too hot for me. I don't like spicy foods, and can tolerate a good bit of heat.  However, like I said, in past experiences with other places, the food has been overly spicy and I couldn't enjoy it that much.  
My friend informed me that she goes to their food cart all the time and I'm definitely going to hit that up when I'm in Philly again. Thanks again! =)This is the second time dining here at this restaurant. The first time I brought my mom who is vegan and she was very pleased and she enjoyed her dinner. I came back again because the owner is very nice and he cater to his customer my friend who never had Indian food wanted to try a curry dish and the owner said if you don't like it you can order something else. The food is super delicious and the service is fabulous. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for great Indian cuisine. I will definitely visit again when I'm in center city.Went to lunch with a friend, brought our own bottle of wine, and had the $20 lunch special where you get an appetizer and two entrees. The food was great, the service was great! We had the saag and the korma - both were delicious and very flavorful. The waiter was very helpful, and had no problem with us sitting inside to delay the cold walk home for a long time after we finished eating. I will definitely be back!When I first moved to the area, I was super excited that there was an Indian restaurant within walking distance.  I absolutely love Indian food!
My bf & I went there and ordered the chicken tikka masala and chicken korma.  We were so excited when the entrees came but were immediately disappointed.  I've never had Indian food that tasted so mehh.  =( =(
After that first visit, I just didn't want to believe that an Indian restaurant could have such poor food that I have tried it 2 more times.  My initial opinions were unfortunately still true -- the food has been disappointing each time.  The only dish I found to be sorta satisfying was the eggplant dish.
Besides the food, the service is great!  They have always been extremely attentive & nice but the food is just not up to par.  If you want good Indian food, try Monsoon in Mt. Laurel, NJ!We decided to have lunch here on a Sunday during a holiday weekend.  We rarely do Indian food, so we decided to do the lunch buffett.  We had fresh Naan, chicken saag, channa, and other really yummy items.  Place was empty so the really personable host, Atul struck up conversation with us. Learned a bit about the difference between north and south Indian cuisines and talked about NYC. One of the most informative and fun lunches we've had and we'll definitely be back because of it.Man we were pretty disappointed with this place. First we ordered delivery through yelp (eat24) and apparently  they didn't use the corrected number so we waited over an hour for food that was pretty not good  and then also cold. Was willing to look over it as a mistake on both our parts until the owner demanded that we give the driver a big tip because he already come once. The tone of our meal had been set.
We ordered Lovash Vegetarian Thali, Vegetable Pakora, and Tandoori Chicken Samosas. The LVT as per the menu included Vegetable Curry, Mulligatawny soup, Rice, Naan, Palak paneer, Chana Masala, a garden salad, raita, and rice pudding. Seemed like a good deal with lots of our favorites, but everything was sad right down to the watery, flavorless tamarind and mint chutneys. The soup was the blandest of bland, the naan was undercooked and stale. the palak paneer wasn't terrible but not great either. The chana masala was full of undercooked chickpeas. The curry wasn't bad again, but not great. We didn't even get a salad to review. I was most saddened by the rice pudding and the pakora which I had my heart set on enjoying. The pudding = decent flavor, but yucky rice and the pakora was just plain old disgusting, not really vegetably, thick, kind of soggy, under done, over battered and more like latkes. The first bite I took out of the tandoori chicken samosa was dark meat that was fatty and gristly I am just anti chicken being anything other than white meat (boneless, skinless, breast specifically). Honestly the whole lot tasted like the last remnants of the day that they were about to trash but decided to use to fill our order. Granted we did order at the end of the evening, but still not acceptable. With some many other great restaurants of this variety around. We don't feel need to continue to get mediocre and outright gross food from this place.We choose this restaurant by judging reviews but totally disappointed.
Food quality is not good enough to sutisfy indians.It's a shame to rate this place 2 stars, but frankly for me the FOOD is the most important thing in a restaurant. Atmosphere and service  is important and the overall value of a restaurant too. 
I was the last of a party of 8 to get to the table, so I asked the waiter to suggest a good dish for me. He suggested a traditional lamb curry, which sounded fine to me.
To get straight to the point, the curry was so salty that I had to send it back to actually be able to eat it.  The waiter was really helpful and didn't seem pissed about the fact that I sent it back, which was nice. It came back a completely different texture and flavor, like they just added some other sauce in there to cut the salt. Additionally, it cost $16, and the portion was the size of a small bowl.  The rice it was served with was weird and the veggies it was served with were sort of gross (were they supposed to be pickled? or just soaked in water that smelled like refrigerator?)
The other people in my party were complaining of the blandness or oversaltedness of their dishes as well. 
Maybe they were having an off night.
BUT, even if you have an off night, an Indian place can't screw up NAAN...
Lovash screws up naan big time. It once again, had a weird salty taste and a really doughy texture.  
In addition to the mediocrity of the naan itself, the waiter offered to bring out baskets of different naans for the whole table... looking at the bill at the end our naan alone cost MORE THAN $10. Completely ridiculous.
Anyways, this sounds like an angry rant, but I'm just trying to warn future customers!
Don't think I'll ever be coming back here.I stopped by here with a large group of people on a saturday night and we were able to be seated right away at the circular table in the back. It's fantastic setup for a big group and the wait staff and manager were very friendly. We ordered an assortment of appetizers, entrees, deserts, and drinks. The food was of varying quality from good to great. I thought the lassis and deserts were excellent. The mushroom vindaloo was alright, not great, but I had to try it because I've never seen something like that on a menu before. They also have dosas, which I don't see often. They were pretty tasty, but I really don't have much reference for which to compare them to. All in all, a fun place, nice staff, and good food. Go there"Top-north service"
The restaurant is well-decorated with an flowery altar for Hindu Gods. I visited the restaurant at 3 pm on Sunday (less crowded!) so I got to talk to the waiter/manager(?) there. He was very friendly and professional.
They gave me some 'taco' and two (one spicy, one sweet) sauces to try out. Tasty!
I ordered a sweet lasi (yogurt with spices!), the Mohan's Lamb (cooked with coconut sauce) served with rice and spinach nann. They were all delicious!!!
I added some photos for you guys.
I will be back to Lovash, hand-down best Indian restaurant on South Street.Update: Rarely use yelp to review, only to view ratings and read other review. I logged in back today and see this rude comment the owner. Sorry I dont think any competitor have to fake bad reviews to take you down if you continue to treat customers like this. 7 years in Philly and this is still my worst restaurant/ groupon experience!My friend and I were searching for a fairly cheap Indian place to eat around Philly. Lo and behold on South St. we see a giant sign saying "Indian Food." I'm a big fan of Indian cuisine, especially the paneer dishes and the spicy heat that I usually experience when I eat Indian. As a Indian food fan, I found Lovash to be decent. They have most of the traditional dishes, including paneer. I'm a vegetarian, and any vegetarian will find a good array of dishes to choose from. The food, however, lacked the spiciness I usually find with Indian food. This wasn't to say the food was "bad" tasting, per se. I found the dishes to be strangely sweet, as opposed to the traditional heavy spice and heat I see from Indian. The pricing was at about $9-$15 for a dish. What stood out for me was the naan, which was hot, fresh, and fantastic. So, although not my favorite, Lovash will do for someone in the South St. area looking for some Indian food.This place is a gem! Food was amazing and the service was even better. Atul greeted us and was extremely helpful from the moment we walked in. Having a double stroller and 2 babies in diapers is no easy task but he was very accommodating. He helped so much. He actually went and made fries for our daughter while we waited. Great guy and great conversation. Highly recommended and look forward to returningStumbled in on the happy hour! Great rates for the samosa and mixed drinks. I snagged a mango Malabar! Its like spiked mango lassi and totally made my day on a sunny hot evening! Atul and Moses are very hospitable and very entertaining as well. The chutneys were yum, the samosa was crisp. I was just craving good Indian food and this was the closest to Penn's Landing. The Happy Hour is totally worth the money! Got done in less than 10 bucks :) Happy pocket, and yummy tummy ;)Really not very good at all. We've been here a few times and every time, it's disappointing. Food is just salty and not flavorful. They can't seem to figure out the logistics of running a restaurant. Just bad all around. 
It's edible, hence 2 stars and not 1. But it ain't good.We love Lovash. The staff is extremely friendly, the food is delicious and you cannot beat their two for twenty deal. We wish that they included a spice scale because sometimes there isn't enough heat in the dishes.They serve good, fresh food. The restaurant is a bit small. I thought it took a bit longer than average to bring food. However, maybe that is the price you pay for fresh food. Definitely worth trying once.Looking for super yummy, BYOB, Indian cuisine at reasonable prices? Then Lovash, right on South Street, is your best bet!
 Starters:
-Meat Samosa (too "meaty" for my taste, definitely go for the more flavorful Vegetable Samosas)
-Lovash Naan (best Naan I've ever had, made with cheese, mushrooms, and herbs/spices)
-Musulini Naan (loved it. instead of mushrooms, this had garlic)
Main Meals:
-Lamb Biryani (Basmati Rice)
-Vindaloo
-Tandoori Chicken
-Chicken Tikka
-Lamb Kebab
All of which were supper flavorful and generously portioned. No complaints whatsoever. Some of the best Indian food I've had in the Philadelphia Area.Having never dined in an Indian restaurant I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I was convinced to go here for dinner tonight - but I was NOT disappointed. We had the mixed appetizers for starters and every part of that was delicious, especially the lamb kebob. I had the Surf & Turf Masala on special and it was amazing. All of the flavors blended so well it was magic in my mouth. The lamb was very tender, the basmati cooked to perfection, the shrimp exploded with flavor. At $16.99 the price was beyond fair for the large amount of food ( I could have easily split it with my date and still be stuffed - instead I have a doggie bag of leftover tandoori chicken, naan, and vegetables. )
The atmosphere was bright and clean, classy but casual. The entire wait staff was very polite and helpful, beyond friendly. I cannot wait to visit again!My earlier review was filtrd so I'm rewriting my revm.
Ba'uG( small c0ckr0ach) in the food!! 
I read few good reviews about this place and wanted to try...so I ordered chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo for deliver. I got them within short span if time.Both dishes looked great...but when we started serving the dishes to our guest we found a c0ckr0ach in the Chicken Tikka masala!!!!. MyDG..I couldn't believe it!! We threw both the dishes in thrash and took our guests out for pizza. Lovash is a very big let down!!! Bec@reful if you go there!!!!!!!!!!  There are lot of other better indian restaurants in city other than Lovash.Great, authentic Indian flavors. The tikka masala and vindaloo had amazing flavors that I would recommend to anyone!  We will definitely be going back soon!Every time we are in Philadelphia we stop by Lovash for a really delicious meal at a great price.  The best deal is their "2 for $20" which gives you a complete meal for two people for $20 (ask for the special menu if you don't get it when you are seated).My boyfriend loves Indian food and he bought a Groupon to Lovash for us to try.  Needless to say we will be back - and very soon.  We decided to go with the vegetarian prix fix because a.)  the price was exceptionally reasonable, and b.)  it had a really great variety of items to try.  The highlight of the night was the Tandori Tofu.  WOW.  It came out on a skillet much like you would get if you ordered fajitas.  I've never seen it presented like that but it was awesome.  We also ordered the soup, which I can't remember the name of right now but it totally blew us away.  It was some type of pea or lentil puree with a hint of lemograss, rice and vegetables.  The garlic naan was impressive - and even that, as simple as naan can be, was very, very good.  
Our server, Diana was extremely nice and worth noting here in the review as well. She provided great service and made the experience even better.  
Oh - and the place is BYOB, too.  We brought some beers and just had a really great date night.  Please make a point to stop at this place if you're out and about on South Street.  I know all of the pizza and steak shops are tempting but do something different for a change and try this place out.Tried it with a groupon this evening.  We paid about $9 for Aloo-Gobi (cauliflower dish) and $15 for Tika Masala plus $2 for Naan.  The proprietor was being relatively rude to customers on a consistent basis and stated it was because he had a lot of business due to the groupon expiring soon.  I'm not sure if this also caused the quality of the food to drop.  The food was not horrible, but it was by far the blandest Indian food I've had in recent memory.  Considering this, the price vs. the serving size (small) and the service I cannot give Lovash a stellar review.  The best places for Indian still seem to be West Philly (like New Delhi, maybe Kabobeesh?), Center City (Palace at the Ben, Mumbai?) and, even more so, the newer (at least to my own knowledge) places up by No. Libs/Fishtown (Ekta, Sahara and Tiffin).  Unfortunately there are not many Indian places South-ish in the city so I may give Lovash another try if I happen to be craving Indian in the area.This is a decent Indian restaurant.  One of my mother's favorites - therefore, we always eat there when I am in Philly.  The Naan is fantastic and fresh.  The curry and tandoori chicken are also pretty good.  For the price - it is a pretty good deal.Since my very first time dining at Lovash, which was also my first time having Indian food, I have loved this place. The manager is fabulous and always swings by your table to check in. The atmosphere and decor are lovely, but its cozy feeling almost borders on cramped. 
My first time, for an appetizer, I had meat samosa with mint and tamarind sauces.  The mint sauce was very spicy, but had a wonderful fresh flavor.  The tamarind sauce was absolutely phenomenal.  Sweet and earthy.  I couldn't get enough!
I ordered chicken tikka and naan, which came out with my main course.  The chicken tikka was wonderful.  It was served, still sizzling, on a wood and metal platter.   The paneer naan had a bit too much cilantro for my taste, the plain naan was absolutely delicious.  Hot and tender.  Since then, I've tried a ton of dishes, including the maharaja kofta, tandoori chicken, chicken vindaloo, and chicken korma, which is INCREDIBLE. Highly recommended!
Overall, I really appreciate that the food here is not unbearably spicy.  I'm a total pansy when it comes to that, so I was happy to be able to enjoy the flavors of my meal without regretting every burning mouthful.  However, you can ask them to up the ante for you.
Their delivery service is a little slow, but you absolutely cannot beat the quality of this food, delivered to your very doorstep. It's FAR better than others, such as San Samosa.Very very delicious. We tried some tandoori lamb, butter chicken and tikka paneer. mmm. Everything was cooked perfectly and it comes with alot. There's a buffet, but we didn't get to try it. It's byo so come bottle in hand. The place doesn't seem the cleanest or well run, but the food is great, so don't mind the appearanceThis is normally my go-to for Indian - but I have to admit it's not consistent enough for me to stick with it for good.  Every few times, I try to branch out and find a better spot. I keep coming back so that says something.
My favorites are the Shami kebab, lamb/chicken vindaloo, and vegetable curry.  When it's good, it's really good.  There are times, though, when everything is just a little off - the naan is undercooked, the Shami kebab is grainy and falls apart, and the chicken is fatty, the lamb is overcooked and tough.  It's either on the money or all of it is slightly off.
I've done the buffet too - nothing special.I know the guy who prepares food and He is the cook and sometimes server (Atul) he always says that the boss always asking Attul to suck his D#%* or he won't get paid (hate to know what goes on in that kitchen ) And how dirty Atul is and he has him in the kitchen cooking ? That's so unsanitary yukkkkk I would never eat there I lived with him I know how he doesn't take showers or  wash his hands or clean I hate to know what kind of bacteria has to be in the food ! I'm coming down there and talking to his boss later stay away !!! Very dirty person cooking hate to get sickThis is probably the best Indian food experience I've had in my life :) The atmosphere was beautiful, and the food was delicious. I was wary about ordering the crab appetizer from an Indian place (I'm a Marylander so I know a good crab dish), and was mind blown. It was an affordable meal. The food took quite awhile to come out, but it was definitely worth every minute. I'll be back.Lovash is a lovely little BYO toward the end of South Street. 
Their food is delicious, and consistently so, and we go here pretty often- or order delivery from them. 
Their prices border on the high end, but not "Palace at the Ben" high. The food is great and the staff are super attentive and friendly, always willing to toss out a suggestion if you aren't sure what to get. 
I'll definitely be back, or ordering online again- of that much I am sure.Fellow Yelper Elizabeth B. and I ordered takeout from Lovash the other night. I got my usual palak paneer and asked for it to be mild - I don't like super spicy stuff so I just didn't want it to be overwhelming. In trying to accommodate me it seemed like they left out all of the spices and seasonings altogether. It was still good, but it could have used more flavor. 
Other reviews said they're stingy about rice, but the owners must read the reviews because we each received two containers. They were about the size of a round cream cheese container -- it was plenty!
Our total (two veg curry entrees, and one order each of naan and veg samosa) was only $20 because we got 20 percent off for making the order online. Also, we picked it up, so we didn't have to pay for delivery.
I would recommend this place, and I'll be back, but next time I'll make sure it has a little more kick to it.Being a big fan of Indian food, I was a bit unimpressed with Lovash. The chicken was a bit over cooked, and chewy. The service was slow, and the prices were a bit high. Don't think I'll be returning.5 stars. Soooooo delicious, I think my food was better because of my customer service experience. The staff at lovash was super welcoming and very sweet. I got takeout which took about 15-20. The whole time they kept a great conversation with me and when I got my food home it was even better than expected. I had a great experience and you should go (they also have a full bar. Wooooo)I have been coming to Lavash for years. I remember when it used to be a Mexican and indian restaurant combined. Their kitchen was in the dinning area and you can see them prepare your food. I am glad they did some renovations because I would leave there smelling like a grease trap. The food has not changed though. They serve strictly indian cuisine now and it is always delicious and true to the flavors of India. Their samosas are perfect! Chicken biryani is always my favorite. You can never go wrong with chicken and rice. Parathas and naans are delicious as well. This is my go to Indian restaurant.Food was AVERAGE, the manager is pretty rude to the customers and especially towards the waitresses. Would not recommend this restaurant.Went here because it had decent reviews. The food was ok and the service was good. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. It was my least favorite indian restaurant that I have been to. I probably would not go back.A less pricey alternative to Palace at the Ben, Lovash is probably where I go most often for quality Indian food.
Part of what I like is their excellent selection of naan and bread- they compliment the main dishes remarkably well.
I always love to start with the Samosas, which are always warm and served with tasty sauces. I'm a big fan of Indian lamb dishes, and I've always liked their Saag and Rogan Josh. I would be equally willing to try any of their chef specials.
One of the benefits of ordering in is that they will give you a reusable bag, which you can use in your daily life. If you lose it, just order more delicious Lovash, and you'll be set.I dont get why so many people rate this place 4 or 5 stars. The food are tasteless, even dont smell good. I got chicken curries and chicken tikka. The curries is poorly seasoned, the worst I ever try. Chicken tikka is better but still not sth I expect in a 3 star review restaurant. Also I got a $20 coupon and my order costs $24, and I still need to pay $11 more before tip (tax included)??? The bill only lists the total cost not break down details so I dont know what I pay for. Never come back. Im sure there is better place for Indian food in the city."Meh. I"ve experienced better" is pretty accurate.  Ordered a mushroom vindaloo and it contained canned mushrooms.  Needless to say, they tasted bad and had horrendous texture. Doesn't seem like the food is very quality here, and the prices are not even that low.
The naan and yogurt were pretty good, so that's the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1.Ok, I'll admit it.  My explorations of Indian Restaurants' menus have been less than adventurous.  In fact, my travels have left me with nothing more than a keen taste for the two items that I order, literaly... every.single.time: 
(1) Chicken Tikka Masala, and (2) Vegetable Samosas
So, naturally, that's what my date and I ordered at Lovash.  
WELL.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was GREAT.  And I know my Chicken Tikka Masala.  It was fresh, just the right amount of spicy, and all around delicious.  The Vegetable Samosas were pretty good too -- very large.
Overall, quality, and reasonably priced Indian food.  I'll be back!It was a rainy Friday afternoon and we came in with a party of four very hungry and hungover people. We were greeted warmly and the proprietor helped us choose our lunches based on how we were feeling, what we felt like eating, dietary preferences (I'm Vegan) and how spicy we wanted all of our dishes. Our lunch was inexpensive, delicious and catered specifically to our wants and needs with a lot of care and warmth. I implore anyone who loves Indian food to support this business. It impressed our NYC jaded selves! We will be back.Went there with some friends. Got a mix of both North and South Indian dishes. Seldom can you find an Indian restaurant serving both. Shrimp Tandoori was pretty good.So me and the girl were in the mood for some Indian and wanted to go to a BYOB. This was the closest place to us so we figured why not give it a shot, we've walked by a few times. The atmosphere was nice and it seemed well laid out for the limited space they had. Our server was awesome, I forgot to ask for her name as I had a little too much beer. The only downside was that the portions of rice could have been a little bigger but we asked for more rice and I'm fairly certain we were not charged for it. All in all great service and great food. Never did we once have to look for our server or ask for any refills on water, she was already on it. BTW when they ask you how spicy, don't order anything above 5 unless you can actually handle it. The girl got 7 and I got 5  and we could tell a distinct difference between the spiciness of the two; 5 is perfect.I ordered the Dhania Lamb and Chana Masala! The Dhania Lamb is outstanding, though medium spicy might be too much for some people, it's definitely worth a try!
The Chana Masala is also pretty good! The Mango Lassi is sooo good, much better than any other Mango Lassi I've had in Philly!Indian food right on south Street. I've been here a few times. If you want a casual, mid range prices, and are in the mood for Indian then lovash will be satisfying. Twice I have ordered the chicken vindaloo. You can choose your spice level. It comes with a spring salad and rice.I like the quiet atmosphere and location of this restaurant.The servers are attentive, but they lack an understanding of Indian food and were unable to answer some specific ingredient questions.  The food is good, but not the best I have had.  We will return because the price, location and service was good.Most times Lovash cooks up the best meal you've ever had- cooked to perfection with all the right spices and seasonings, but once in a while (and this is very few and far between) its overly greasy and too bland.  But, everyone has their off days, so i'm only taking off one star.  I will keep coming back for their amazing samosas, the always perfect nan, and their chicken tikka ( which is pretty much the cats meow.)I ordered the crab pastries...which were awesome and thats the only reason why this place gets 2 stars.. I or dered lamb kebob and chicken soup....the chicken soup has sone type of chicken intestines inside and the lamb kebab cane with vegetable that were completely black and burned to the point the type I was eating was unrecognizable and the lam tasted like burned beef.  I will never go back and I do not reccomend it.Food is absolutely delicious, hot and savory. Staff is super friendly, accommodating, and attentive. Great for my fellow vegans looking for a hot, quick, affordable meal on South St. Be sure to try the samosas!!I went here for brunch after the line for a cheesesteak was a block and a half long. We split a lamb/naan sandwich and samosas for only 13 bucks! the food was good. My friend is Indian, and so knows her stuff when it comes to Indian food. She was a fan too. 
Samosas yummy yummy. The lamb sandwich we ordered because we'd never seem anything like it. It could have been spicier but the flavoring was good, the lamb was tender and the owner was nice enough to tell us that we would have more than enough if we split it. 
I wish I could come back here for dinner, and I sure will the next time I'm in town.What is it with this neighborhood and ethnic food that's different from everywhere else in the world? The palak paneer is awfully GREEN, like they didn't boil it quite long enough or something. And the tikka masala is awfully CREAMY, like too creamy. I dunno. Anyways every time they drop off a menu with a coupon I order some and they drop it off after and hour and the world is well.The food was good, but a bit pricey for what we got. The service was friendly and it was relaxing to stop by on a weekday night after exploring Queen Village.Stepped in on a whim for lunch. 
Lunch prices super reasonable and you get too much food... had to take some home. (chicken tikka masala, rice, chickpeas, naan all for like $8 or something at lunchtime - crazy cheap).
When I ordered the tikka masala and asked for spicy, I was asked "how spicy, on a scale of 1 to 10." I was impressed and I said a 7 or 8. The food came out with a perfect amount of spice. Very good. 
Also had the mango lassi, which was delicious.
Very nice wait staff, too.After eating too many times at Tiffin and New Dehli, we tried out this place.  We had the chicken tikka and paneer.  They were both great although I would like to have more rice.  It's BYOB which is super nice, we brought a six pack and the waiter  was very accommodating.  I would definitely go again as it is in a convenient location and the food is fresh tasting and hot.  They have some unique options and I saw a range of people there from couples, to friends to a family of 8.Came here for lunch on a rainy Sunday with my boyfriend to use the Groupon I had purchased.  This was our first time trying Indian cuisine so we didn't know exactly what to expect.  
We started off with the mixed appetizer which included; two shami kebab (lamb patty), one vegetable samosa, two vegetable pakora and two chicken tikka served with mint and tamarind sauce.  All were very flavorful except for the lamb patties.  They were more on the greasy side and fried a little too hard, also lacked any lamb flavor.  The mint and tamarind sauce was to die for!  If they sold it, I would've taken a pint home with me. 
For entrees he ordered the curry with lamb and I ordered the rogan josh with chicken.  The waiter helped us with the level of spiciness we wanted and said if it wasn't spicy enough he'd bring out a side of their spicy sauce, which we ended up taking.   Both entrees had batsmati rice, chana masala (chickpeas in curry sauce) and naan.  My rogan Josh was very good.  The chicken was tender and it had a good blend of herbs and spices along with the onions, tomatoes, garlic and ginger.  The chana masala was also very tasty.  I personally enjoy my rice a little more sticky so the batsmati rice was alright but the naan was perfect to soak up all that sauce.  My boyfriends' curry was good but I definitely prefer my rogan Josh over his.  Also ordered a mango lasi and it was divine!  Great mango flavor with the creamy yogurt base and dash of cardamon on top. 
Overall food and service was great!  Our waiter took the time out to explain things to us and it was much appreciated. Definitely will be coming back, especially since he gave us a 25% off coupon for our next visit.I wish I could give them a 1.5 star review, because they are definitely on the low side of 2 stars. This was by far the blandest Indian food I've ever had...and for Indian food that has to be the ultimate sin. I had chicken tikka masala and my boyfriend had lamb vindaloo, both were poor examples of the dishes. The mango lassi was good though. A real nice bonus was the re-useable tote bag they gave us to carry our food in.We were in Philadelphia for memorial day weekend and during our toursity activities found a really cute indian restaurant. The service was very good and servers very thoughtful. Dhaniya chicken is just delicious. Their Tandoori Chicken reminded is of India. Excellent lunch, will definitely come back to enjoy the food on the next trip to Philly!I tried Lovash a couple of weeks ago as a groupon deal pointed me their way .. This was my first Indian experience, and I have to say it was delicious. We started with chicken samosas for an app, delicious with the sweet/sour sauce and the mint sauce. I ended up getting the Rogan Josh curry w/chicken and it was delicious.I can't really describe much more because I don't even know half of what I was eating, but it was incredible adn the service was very good as well.Food tastes ok but ridiculously small portion sizes! I got their mixed appetizers and an order of the chettinad lamb as a takeout. Started off with the appetizers, they all tasted ok. Then came to the entree and I was really disappointed with the size of the portion. The box was like half filled. I eat out in Indian restaurants a lot and every other Indian restaurant offers twice the portion size at this price. Never going there again, just not worth it.The staff was extremely friendly and the food was delicious. I had been here many years ago and when we doing ourselves in the neighborhood I'm glad we chose it! The garlic naan was incredible and had a nice spicy kick.This Indian restaurant is in a steepening decline along with most of South Street east of 9th. The quality and service are no longer as good as several years ago. Requests to make dishes less spicy are seemingly disregarded. The chicken tikka masala is underwhelming. On the positive side, the garlic naan is quite good.Vegetable Samosas were wonderful especially if you like ginger.  My friend and I split the lamb sandwich... it was alright.. it needed more spiciness. The raita that came with needed more garlic....
But the owner was very straightforward and honest and made this a very wonderful and inexpensive dining experience.  He told us if we were both going to get a sandwich, to just split it because they're huge and we wouldn't finish it... it ended up being a perfect amount of food.  
Overall, I would go back... I would get those vegetable samosas, but I would not get the lamb sandwich again.Great service and excellent food. I'm walking away very satisfied. Food baby for sure. Amazing and delicious visit.I've always had lovely food and lovely service, here. It's my treat to myself when I'm in the area. The owner is such a wonderful person-- warm and gracious and friendly and more than willing to talk food. Or anything else! 
The lamb korma is my go-to. So rich and filling and sumptuous. I adore it!Lovash is an excellent little gem on South St. It's kind of a hole in the wall place that's easy to pass by, but you'll be thankful if you check it out.
They have a big menu, so you can visit several times without running out of dishes to experiment with. I especially liked the dfferent types of naan as an appetizer. The service was good: they didn't hover and didn't disappear. I'd definitely recommend to folks who want something other than the burgers/fries/nachos routine you get from other places in South St.Lovash is my "go to" Indian restaurant in Philly.  We get takeout from here all the time.  The classic Indian dishes are all prepared perfectly at Lovash, and the staff is always friendly and eager to please.  My favorite is the Daal special, and and Shahi Paneer is excellent too.  Check it out you won't be disappointed!Just FYI - if you buy the $20 for $30 on Yelp, it is not good for delivery, dine-in only. Yelp refunded our coupon, though, which I appreciated. The food was just ok. The veggie samosas and rice were pretty good. I loved the cilantro chutney! My chicken had a lot of funky pieces in it, gristle and fat... and the Korma sauce was just different. Definitely not bad, but not what I am used to with Korma. My boyfriend liked his Tofu Saag, but wasn't wildly impressed. We used our own naan, so I can't comment on that. We will probably order from somewhere else the next time we get Indian. I am new to the neighborhood and was just trying to find somewhere to deliver.I got the Rogan Josh, and it was the best Indian food I have ever had! Most places use way too much oil, which I did not have a problem with here. The wait staff and all the other workers were so helpful and told you what everything was and explained things to you if you were a little unfamiliar with Indian food, and not even in an annoying way! They made it seem as if every customer was so greatly appreciated for giving them business, and it made me feel important :) Also, after our meal they gave us a coupon for 20% off our next dine-in, which although we already planned to come back again, this is definitely more assurance that we will be back.Wandered in here after the restaurant we were planning on going to was closed.
Menu
Chicken Tikka-for the first time  Indian food trier the bf.  He really liked it.  Great spice, cooked well, lots of veggies although could use a few more pieces of chicken
Lamb Vindaloo- great spice, very tender lamb
White Rice- could be a smidge bigger, little too small to eat whole curry
Naan- yum, big pieces enough for two people to share, crispy and soft, can't wait to try the rest of them
Service was fine and the restarant was not very crowded for 7pm on a Friday so nice atmosphere.
BYOB :)
Definitely would come backLoved this place! My boyfriend and I love Philly and we saw this restaurant one night and had to go back to check it out! 
The vibe is beautiful. The colors, lighting and decor are perfect. It was my boyfriends first time trying Indian food so he was a little scared at first! He absolutely LOVED IT. We ordered beef samosas and naan for appetizers. So delicious! For my entree I ordered Buttered Chicken and he ordered Tika Misala. Amazing. We ordered Naan to go! 
Another amazing and extremely important factor was the service. We were welcomed by a gentleman working the front who shared his favorites with us. We were also helped out by Katul who was really fun and kind also! I find it extremely special when someone asks you for your name and takes the time to get to know you a little bit. He made the experience that much better. 
We are extremely satisfied with the service and food. We are definitely going back!Way too expensive in comparison to portion size. We ordered delivery and although we really enjoyed the taste, it was $30 for the two of us and we did not have anything left over for later.When I eat Indian food, I am expecting food that-- whether spicy or not--contains complex flavors that delight the palate.  Unfortunately, for the most part, everything at Lovash was just sort of bland, and completely overpriced. Lunch for four people was $80, and none of us were thrilled. 
For appetizers, we ordered vegetarian samosas (tasted fresh, but I wasn't wowed), the appetizer sampler, which did contain a stand-out-- the vegetable patty, not sure if it was an aloo tikki or what, but it was awesome.  Everything else was just average. 
I got the chicken saag for my entree, which was not only NOT spicy, it had no flavor. No spices, no excitement, nothing.  And the rice they serve is plain basmati, then they give you some kind of "salad" on the plate that has no spices or dressing on it.  I was wondering,  Is this old folks home Indian food? 
Breads-- the garlic naan was bland and the stuffed aloo parantha was decent.  No other entrees stood out, except my sister's lamb kabob things, which looked impressive when it came out on a sizzling plate. Unfortunately, most of what was on the plate was onions. 
Needless to say, I am going to have to find somewhere else to get my Indian fix in Philly.After having delivery for the first time, I'm sad to say that the quality is far from what we experienced at the restaurant. Granted, maybe it was an off night and I hate to take off stars off due to a so-so experience. The rice was overcooked, the chicken tikka masala was not "hot" as requested and was average/below average in quality. The lamb saag was also very forgettable. The naan was probably the poorest quality I've had from an Indian restaurant ever. I can probably think up many reasons why the quality was as bad as it was, but in the end, it was a disappointing and expensive meal.I just returned back from lunch at Lovash and immediately ate my leftovers - I couldn't put it away, it was TOO delish! I don't have lots of experience with authentic Indian food and I'm not a big fan of serious spice, so perhaps that's why I am in disagreement with most other reviewers. I had the chicken korma lunch platter, which was served with rice, naan, an amazing chickpea dish (all served with each platter) for $10. Everything was super tasty!! I will go back again and again.Palak paneer is second my favorite indian dish (JUST edged out by a good malai kofta) and I have had the PP twice here, both times for takeout, both times delicious.  
The mango lassi I ordered one time was served in large soup-to-go container (because I guess they have no takeaway cups).  I had fun drinking out of it with a straw.  Most delicious dessert soup ever.
This place is great!  I'd like to eat-in sometime, but for now, it's a perfect takeaway spot when all I want to do is eat indian food and watch the Godfather in bed (it may sound an odd combination, but one should not knock it until they have tried it).The service was great and very accommodating but the food was just ok. My fish curry had no spice at all even though I'd requested very spicy. The cucumber martini was basically sugary cucumber juice. 
The least favorable aspect of this place is the music. It almost lulled me to sleep. Overall, the atmosphere was just a lil wonky for what should be a happy, zesty indian fare.I've only had the buffet here, and I thought it was awesome. At around 7 bucks, there was a pretty big selection, including soup and deserts. I like the decor of Lovash way better than Samosa on Walnut. My recommendation is to go around 11, before the lunch crowd comes. They could use a few more veggie options, though.Absolutely the worst indian food we've ever had. No flavor at all and not warm served. Would never come back.I'm pretty surprised at how pleased I was with the food here.  I had the meat samosa, Lovash Nan and chicken vindaloo, all of which were rather decent.  I have some preconceived notions of ethnic foods in high traffic (touristy) areas.  I should have gone with the vegetable samosa but my companion was set on his choice.  While good, I thought it was more like an empanada.  
Although my choices weren't the most adventurous (I had an early morning run the next day, had to play it safe), I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I'll definitely try some other things here on a later date.  While I love Tiffin, this offers a nice, closer, alternative.  It's BYOB, ample parking on weekdays, doesn't seem to be too crowded, good service...sold.  
I'm not a fan of that cone shaped Indian tortilla thing they bring out though....but I'll eat it.great ass food, if you are new to this i recommend their little platter in appatisers that has all the little foodI'm no expert on Indian cuisine, but I have had better Indian food in my day.  Lovash is basic, inexpensive, no frills Indian food with a nice, friendly BYOB atmosphere.
We started off with the no brainer mixed appetizer platter (why would you pay $8 for just a plate of 1 thing when you can pay $8 for a plate of a variety of things??  Riddle me that...), followed with piping hot paneer naan, and two entrees consisting of a spicy lamb in tomato mixture (I forget the name but it was the "executive chef's special") and aloo gobi.  Both were tasty, but my Indian friend makes way better and saucier aloo gobi.  The lamb was good, but not at all spicy, and I'm a spice wimp.  The rice was undercooked and came with a weird side of carrots.
To sum it up: it was good, super filling, and cheap, but I am not sure I'd be running back again for my Indian fix.Though I've yet to become an Indian food connoisseur, I find Lovash to be dependable on the "What do you want to eat?" "I dunno, what do you want to eat?" nights.  They deliver and there is reliable availability of seating.  The food is hearty and satisfying.  Personally, I'm a sucker for Chicken Saag, Tikka Masala, and Aloo Gobi.  The staff are friendly and full of personal recommendations.  I like to complement the spicy dishes with their exceptionally large mango lassi drink.  
Decor isn't breathtaking, but I don't come for that.  It's a nice quiet atmosphere for a relaxed dinner.  As with most Indian restaurants, you never seem to leave hungry and for that, I recommend adding it to the take-out rotation.I think I may have found my Indian place in Philadelphia.
Vegetarian Samosas were delicious - plenty of nicely spiced potatoes without having too much of the casing around it.  Chicken Tikka was also tasty and the chicken was tender.  We also sampled some vegetarian entrees and were happy with both the Began-Bhurta (roasted eggplant) and Aloo Gobi (potatoes and cauliflower).
We ordered delivery from Lovash and our food came in a reusable grocery bag - delicious and environmentally friendly!  (Well, except for the food containers, but I'll take what I can get).This is our go-to Indian place in the city. On our first trip, the service was slow and the ambiance was awkward (no music, complete silence, except for the only other couple in the restaurant sitting right next to us so we could hear each other's conversations). But we returned soon after because the food was, and every time since, has been amazing. Indian music was playing! :) The servers as well as the guy who seems to run the restaurant are super friendly and kind. They seem to do a lot of take out orders, too, and the restaurant is often empty except for us dining in. The last time we went we got a "Lovash" re-usable tote to carry out our leftovers. We love this restaurant!Delicious Indian food!! I live a few blocks away and come to Lovash all of the time! Great vegetarian-friendly options! The aloo dum banarsi is the best!Really great food and very affordable! The owner is so kind every time we come. Great vibes in this place. Definitely recommend the mango lassi and appetizer sampler.So we just picked up some friends from the airport who've been in Mexico for a week. It was dinner time and we wanted to eat, I suggested mexican but that didn't go over well. Our friends suggested Indian. I was a little apprehensive because all I knew about Indian was curry and spicy. I was up for the experience. So on Cinco De Mayo, my friends returned from Mexico and we hit up LOVASH, a very good choice, was crowded; I think the cinco had something to do with that. 
We were recommended Anything with Masala sauce to my surprise not spicy, and so we ordered that along with chicken tandori and a spinach side, was awesome with a little kick. The masala was excellent, we had it with chicken and the chicken was tender. The tandori was good, grilled and done right. the veggies that came with the tandori were also awesome. everything had lots of flavor. 
Beware those that aren't into spicy foods, the chips that are served from the start have a kick...wow; so add that sweet brown sauce they give you..it's yum. For desert we were recommended to have the fried cheese with honey. I will tell you now, it's not as bad as it sounds. You must like honey and love sweetness. it was a bit rich for me and the cheese balls were interesting, nothing i'd get again but worth a shot if you like SWEET; I stress sweeet.
Our waiter was good. He explained everything and even gave the history how Masala sauce was invented and how the British to claim it as theirs haha. A note though, we asked the waiter to take a picture of us and he said I will if you do one thing for me. will you please write a review on YELP, well i'm a trip adviser person and here's the review which I would do anyway but I thought that was strange, like we were bartering, maybe thats part of the experience, next time maybe i'll barter a desert for another review. All in-all i'd go back.
Visited in May 2014Definitely not the best Indian in the city... I am pretty sure the chicken tikka masala sauce was frozen and the taste is just off. Paneer is Good But not great... Rice was plain white rice not basmati.  Poor showing if you ask me.
Will not be ordering again.Lovash was a spontaneous stop for me while visiting Philly on a Sunday, and also my very first Indian experience.  The restaurant is very clean and inviting.  I was surprised (and a bit disappointed) there was not a lingering smell of spices in the air from the kitchen, but saw air purifiers on my way to the restroom.  There was a pita type chip brought to the table with a spicy cool dip and a sweet dip, which was delicious!  I ordered a chicken dish and my boyfriend ordered a fish dish.  I opted for a 4 on the spice level and he went all in and ordered an 8.  I was a bit disappointed with my selected spice level, as it was not as powerful as I expected, but it was delicious!  The chicken was very tender with lots of flavor, and the serving size was more than enough.  My boyfriend loved his fish dish, but did ask for their homemade hot sauce on the side, which he said made the dish fantastic.  The service, on the other hand, was disappointing.  The waitress had just started and knew nothing about any of the dishes.  I wanted to make sure to play it safe with my first Indian food experience, and I was very disappointed that I had to ask for the manager (maybe the owner?) to help me with my selection.  Our food arrived rather quickly, as I was hoping since we were the only ones in the place at 5:30 on a Sunday.  She did check on us during the course of our meal, but didn't really seem to be interested in whether we liked our food or not.  The owner went above and beyond to make sure we were satisfied, which definitely made up for her slack.  We used a Yelp deal that we earned for checking in, and if the service had been better, I wouldn't have minded paying full price because the place was very good.   Overall, definitely worth your patronage!There are a few personal staples by which I judge Indian places. I ordered those plus the Mixed Appetizers. 
Mixed Appetizers: The shami kebabs were perfectly cooked, nice and crispy yet tender, and delicious. Veggie pakora was awesome. Vegetable samosa was good, nothing special. The only negative was the chicken tikka, which was extremely dry - but not a favorite of mine anyway. The mint sauce was exceptional, nice and spicy. The tamarind sauce was also excellent. 
Meat samosas: Again, perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside. Same excellent sauces. 
Vegetable korma: very good korma, no complaints. Could be a LITTLE creamier, but nitpicking here. 
Musulini naan: this could be my fault, since I usually get garlic naan, but this had garlic in it along with cheese - but I would have liked much more garlic. It also wasn't as soft as I like. 
To sum it up, exceptional sauces, shami kebabs, and pakora. Very good korma and meat samosas. Naan could be better, but maybe I ordered the wrong one. I'd avoid the chicken tikka. 
Delivery was fast and they put the food in a nice cloth bag.I had veg samosas and veg curry. So delicious! Staff was extremely nice and helpful.Great service and the food was quite good, albeit a bit spicy for my taste. Our waiter really made the dining experience. They initially gave us the wrong Naan, but I had forgotten what I had ordered by then anyway, so we ate it (it was crazy spicy) and then  the entrees came. 
Chicken tandori was the juciest chicken I've ever had, and done to perfection. The seafood tandori was also very good. We also got the lamb with spinach (I always forget what it's called) which was extremely tasty and  delicious. Halfway through the waiter came back and told us he had gotten us the wrong Naan, so brought us the one we had ordered (with garlic and cheese) at no charge (that was nice, since we hadn't said anything about it) which was also delicous.
I'm not a big fan of Indian food, but this was really good!Went here on a double date. Service was great. Food was also really good. Only issue we ran into was our food not being spicy enough. We told them we wanted a 10, but it came out more like a 1. The manager (?) told us "we thought you wanted american spicy." They were nice enough to bring us a spicy sauce to mix in with our dishes.
Lesson learned: if you like spicy food, ask for "indian spicy."
Bonus is that it's a BYO!The answer is:  Just DROWN your FACE in Indian Food!
What else is there to do on a lonely, cold Friday night but completely drown yourself in Indian Food on your living-room couch. That was the cure to my boring Friday night last week.
Fiance was out of town for work and I was left on a cold Friday night on the couch with my two dogs. 
I could cook.... nah
I could order pizza... lame
I could just not eat... HA, yea right (not this little piggy)
I decided to treat myself to a few of my favorite Indian Dishes and make it a fun pig out night! This is my first time ordering Indian Food in Philadelphia so I don't know if it's "The Best" but it's darn good! Delivery was SUPER fast and I was satisfied with all my dishes. Tons of flavor and spice. 
Cons: The Dishes could be a little larger ( a bit on the small side)
            A little more expensive than what I'm use to in NYC.
I am only reviewing LOVASH on their food and delivery. I have never been inside the restaurant. Food was awesome and service was friendly. 
I'd treat myself again. :)I don't understand why everyone loves Lovash. I've tried this a few times and it's always just okay. The food simply cannot compare to that of Ekta and Tiffin - is it a regional thing? Are they serving a different  type of indian food???
The samosas are good but everything else is just sub-par. Last time I ordered from here the chicken was weird. I hate to say it, but i don't think this place would survive if it wasn't on South St.Lovash is one of the fancier restaurants on South Street. The indoor ambiance is beautiful and takes you out of the South Street vibes and into a serene Indian-esque ambiance. The curries are delicious and the naan bread is warm and fluffy. Lastly, the waitress was really nice and chatted somewhat with my friend and I. Definitely a place to try out.Just came back from a dinner with my roommate and thought this place was great.  I'm way full and was definitely satisfied with my meal.  The service was great too and the waiter was nice and helpful with suggestions.  The place is clean and nice and they have a lot of different vegetarian options then what i'm used to seeing at most indian restaurants.It's cold. You are not in the mood to walk to the grocery store to get dinner fixings, even if it is two blocks away. You want something reliable and cozy, but also a little different. Lovash it was last night and I was so incredibly pleased. We ordered online and although the Paypal payment did not go through, we called and they had it to us in under 25 minutes. We ordered the appetizer platter, the aloo parantha, the mulligatawny, the chicken tikka masala, and the began bhurta. I agree with others that the portions are small, but this cost us less than 40 dollars and they gave us a discount (maybe for ordering online? maybe because we ordered a certain amount?). AND we were stuffed. The best part is, they give you a reusable bag when they deliver your take-out. I love it! I think Lovash is a nicely kept secret in a town that thinks Tiffin is the only option for Indian delivery. So shhhhhhh......Did not dine in-- they were at a catered event. Figured their food would be so-so since it was catering, that was not the case. DELICIOUS. And they were so friendly too!We contracted Lovash to cater our rehearsal dinner for roughly 80 people. The restaurant manager was a true pleasure to work with - he helped design a creative menu that suited a wide range of tastes and levels of experience with Indian cuisine. He was very professional and prompt to respond to all our inquiries and lastly, the food and service at the event was exceptional. The tandoori chicken samosas were delicious and the saag paneer was great. Everything ran like a well-oiled machine thanks to the Lovash team!My boyfriend and I have walked pass this place several times and finally decided to give it a try. The gentleman who greeted us was very polite and professional. 
The ambience was nice, I loved the artwork and table decor. We ordered the lovash chicken wings, vegetable samosas, lamb kabobs, and mushroom vindaloo. Everything came out in a timely manner and piping hot (which I love). We will definitely be going back.This is my first "real" time trying Indian food that wasn't cooked by someone I know personally, and it was amazing.   For the record, I am not into super-spicy food.  I just can't deal -- the burning lips, the runny nose... it all leads to an unhappy Julia.  But I can tell you that none of this happened for me with Lovash.
First of all: we had a Groupon, and tried to order by phone for delivery -- they don't take the Groupon for delivery, but still gave us the 20% (online) discount, even though we ordered by phone.  So nice!
Then after the wait, the food came and it smelled amazing.  We tore into the dishes like animals, and oh dear... The Chicken Saag was deeelish!  Just a tad spicy (not overpowering) and the chicken wasn't dried out at all.  My boyfriend had the Chicken Vindaloo and I was nervous -- red sauce can mean super spicy (not my thing), but it was amazing.  Wonderful taste, and still, the chicken was moist and wonderful.  
Yay, Lovash!  We'll definitely have it again!I order from Lovash about once a month, on average and I am never disappointed.  Recently, I had about 10 people over for dinner and had it all delivered from Lovash, and every single one raved about how good the food was -- and I was not about to object.  It really is quite excellent Indian food.Fantastic night with the wife who is dairy and gluten free. Veggie samosas were great as was the vegetable curry and chicken tiki masala. Environment and service was superb...so friendly and welcoming.I ordered two dishes on the phone for pick up. Two vegetarian dishes which I always order every time I eat Indian. They did not ask me about the spice level, and because I have an Indian first name, I think they took the liberty to prepare the dish spicier than I would want. The food looks ok, but unfortunately it's too hot that I cannot even eat it. What a disappointment. I probably should have called them and had them re-make my order, but I didn't.The food was pretty good and the price was right. 
The portions were kind of small though. A few people i was with were still hungry when we left. 
The curries werent too spicy which is fine by me but if you like the hot stuff make sure you ask for it.I've had many things on this menu, and I like them all except for the chicken tandoori... But the rest makes up for it. The staff are friendly and service is good (although they will up sell you on everything!).ANNNNND, I'm hooked.
Now, I've only dined at 2 Indian restaurants in Philly, so I'm no expert on what is the best, but I ADORE Lovash. I see some people felt as though their hot was well, not. But I'm not a fan of super spicy foods. My old room mate has put this in my head, "what goes in hot, comes out hot."
I like to try something different when I order, but I will vouch for the Dhaniya Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala & the Musulini Naan. I admit, I have yet to dine in, but I figure take out is just as good.
I shall be returning, my friends! Maybe it'll get that fifth star once I've hit up the other Indian joints in the city.Lovash charged us an extra $75 without telling us.
We had made a reservation for 20. Some of our party ended up being unable to make it.  We were seated in the upstairs room (we had not requested this room, but were happy to accept the room as we hadn't been informed of the rental fee). At the end of our meal, the wait staff had added a $75 room rental fee. The staff told us this was because some of party had not shown up and because we didn't order appetizers or dessert, they needed to mitigate their losses. While we were disappointed that our friends didn't show up and we understood Lovash's position, it was extremely unprofessional and sleazy of them to add the fee without informing us. We weren't told of the room charge fee and we weren't told if part of our party would be unable to make it that we would be charged an extra $75.
After about 15 minutes of arguing with the staff, the manager gave us a "15% discount" which turned out to be a 15% discount on the room fee. We should have been given a 100% discount on the room fee because we were NOT INFORMED there was even a fee for the room, but instead ended up paying about $63 instead of $75 of the surprise fee.
Because of the way the wait staff took advantage of us with their arbitrary and unreasonable fee, I will never eat here again and will recommend that my friends also do not eat here for small groups or for larger functions.I have been wanting to write a review on Yelp, and a visit to Lovash finally gave me enough motivation! 
This place gives an amazing vibe as soon as you enter. I have been to a lot of Indian Restaurants in the city, but I must say that Lovash is outstanding, both in terms of food and service. 
We ordered a Dhaniya chicken to share between two people, and it was the best chicken dish I had in an Indian restaurant. Their service is excellent and the people are friendly. We had especially good conversations with Atul and Nitin!
I am excited to try out the other chicken dishes on their menu!Fantastic food!! I absolutely love the food here, I'm Indian and super critical with Indian food but the food here did not disappoint. Maharaja kofta was delicious and Dhania chicken(oh my Goddddd) was amazing!! The atmosphere is upscale and classy.
I would definitely recommend everyone to at least try Lovash once! I will definitely be returning!We found this great Indian restaurant on South St. The food was amazing. The best part is that they listen to you and can make the food considering your diet restrictions. The vegetable Samosas were delicious. We enjoyed the Lovash vegetarian thali which is truly value for money. We also ordered maharaja kofta which was so creamy and yummy. I will definitely recommend this place to everyone. I can't wait to return! 
Great food, amazing service, easy on the pocket!Very disappointed. When we presented this gift certificate, we were told that it would not be honored. We received it with our Valentine's Day meal a few years back, as part of a package deal (something like two entrees and a desert) and at our time of payment, we were presented with this gift certificate. As it had no expiration date listed, and our meal was only so so, we took our time coming back.
First, the reason was that it was not going to be honored was because it was not signed.  Then, the owner came out and told me that he NEVER did a gift certificate promotion like that, essentially calling me a liar.  How is it my problem that they did not sign or put an expiration date on this printed out gift certificate?  
I'll never know how many people also received this gift certificate, nor if any were honored, but needless to say, we are not interested in the slightest in returning. This business does not stand behind their promotions, so if you ever purchase a gift certificate or receive a coupon, BEWARE.PROS: 
- Great bread.  Sweet naan and roti were amazing.  Very crispy. Would go back just for the bread. 
- Service. Quick service and attentive wait staff. 
CONS:
- Food was good.  But not excellent. There are definitely better Indian places in the city. 
- They don't give you a rice bowl which annoyed me, but they DID ask if you wanted more rice. 
Overall, I would go back. Mainly just for the bread.  But if you are only in the city for a weekend and looking for great Indian then I would suggest you look a little bit further.Went to Lovash on a Saturday night with a group of eight, many of whom were late. Despite the tardiness of my party, the staff was wonderful, bringing us food to snack on while we waited, no charge and answering all of our questions about the menu since it was all of our first times. 
Jorge, our waiter, was fabulous. He had either already started or was in the process of getting us whatever we were about to ask him for, consistently checking in on us.  
The food was out of this world, perfectly cooked, spiced, and hot! Their "spice scale" was also much appreciated by everyone's diverse taste buds. 
Additionally, the music was lovely, really adding to the ambiance. 
Due to my lack of Indian dinning experiences, I thought the food was a bit overpriced, until I ate it and experienced the service at Lovash... I would have paid more to be honest. Overall, I fully recommend Lovash to anyone looking for great Indian food and the total experience.This is an average priced Indian restaurant, like any others, however the quality is a big dip down. Parantha and pooris were cold, biryani was overcooked, service was extremely slow and quite rude/awkward, comparing us to other Indians who have ordered food there before. Considering we were one of two couples in there, they definitely get a minus in my book. My wife and I are on a quest to try every Indian restaurant (as we are Indian), in the Philadelphia area, and this by far is at the bottom. Don't waste your time or money.
An edit to this review: 
My wife worked there for a few months recently as a hostess and was mismanaged and not paid properly nor on time. She was called in and demanded to come, without any say in her schedule or knowledge of it prior. They do not follow proper business practices and as someone who used to work in the Indian restaurant business, I can tell you that their management and labor practices are extremely poor. I will be following up this complaint with the BBB.I've eaten in and have also ordered delivery. The service is patient and friendly. The menu has good variety. The price fair. The dishes are wonderful.I have eaten here before (albeit over a year ago and dined in, which may make a difference) so I though it was safe to order from GrubHub on a lazy Sunday. 
I don't recall what I ordered a year ago, but I generally make a point of remembering bad restaurants so I don't return. 
I won't be returning to Lovash. 
I ordered the korma entree with tofu, described as "exquisitely blended spices and herbs mild sauce prepared with cashews, raisins and 'dressed' with cream".  I really wish more chefs were aware of the difference between "mild" and "tasteless". What I got was a container full of cubed tofu in a bland, creamy sauce. No cashews, no raisins.
My friend ordered the vegetable curry. Curry was barely present - the sauce was runny and bland. The vegetables - zucchini and yellow squash, carrots, peppers, and onions - were mushy. 
The onion kulcha was paper mache garnished with a few stringy onions.Great spot., small intimate space. The atmosphere was great.  It was my first time going to a Indian restaurant, the young waiter was very helpful with dish Ideas. I especially enjoyed the soup, (Murga Shorba) it's a curyy, tomatoe, onion base soup, it had a little kick to it which I enjoyed. Def will go back.Quite delicious! We live in this neighborhood and tend to avoid South St., though Lovash will give us reason to venture over. Everything was spiced well and presented nicely, beginning with the potato pancakes served with chickpeas. The app was sizable and satisfying. For the second course we shared a veg dish - the korma - and the chicken tikka. Both were yummy! And the korma wasn't thin and tasteless as reported in another review. I found it to be rich and delish.Chicken Korma was decent (but can you even mess that up?)... mixed appetizer was MEH. Naan was greasy and just not very good. No sauces were provided either.I went here for lunch and it was just A-OK. I probably won't be coming back since I don't normally like spending a lot on lunch, especially if the food is just okay.
So the lunch special offers some of the dinner items but at a cheaper price. The entrees were 8 dollars, and it comes with rice, chick peas, and naan. We tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken "Curries". For some reason, both tasted pretty similar. The Tikka Masala looked like butter chicken but tasted very tomatoey. The Chicken curry mentioned onions but there was none to be seen. Overall, the taste of both were okay. However, naan is my favorite thing to eat at an Indian restaurant and this place had horrible naan! It was so crispy and thin  that it felt more like a chip than bread. 
On a brighter note, the decor of the place was nice and clean. The service was also very friendly.
I definitely would rather go to Tiffin (especially for dinner since it's even pricier)Tried Lovash for the second time tonight. I'm sad to say both times the food was unacceptable. 
The bread was like a cracker and for Indian bread this was not fit to be served. I think it was made yesterday and completely dried out and hard. 
We pay good money and expect fresh food. Both times we ordered we just felt they gave us old food. 
Sorry we won't try Lovash a third time.Had a wonderful dining experience at lovash ,,, the food was incredible and the atmosphere was  filled with family friendly staff at your service!! My kids love the butter chicken !!!Had Lunch with 25 other people with FitC (Friends in the City). Everyone enjoyed. I suggested the Thali to the other four at my table and all were very happy with our selection. Lamb, saag paneer, chole, dal, raita, naan,salad, chaval and Gulab jamin. Nice variety and everyone thanked me for the suggestion. Mohan Parmar and Atul Mehta dropped by several times to chat and make sure we were happy. I don't remember our servers name but she was lovely. This is really home style food like my family makes. Less oil, less chilies so children can eat easily. Definitely had a great experience.Racial profiling is never a good thing, especially with regard to food. Lovash is a pretty damn good restaurant. Not THAT much better than the places I know in West Philly, but you pay a premium for the South Street location. But what gets me is the spice rating system. When you order, they ask you to rate, from 1 to 10, how spicy you want your food. But -- I swear this is true, my friends and I (unscientifically) tested it various time -- the Caucasian 10 is waaaaaaay different from the Indian 10. That is to say, if I go with an Indian friend and we both order the same dish ("A ten, please"), my dish will actually be more of a 7.5.  The staff at Lovash doesn't think I can handle the spice! Ha, I'll show them.Stopped in a few times for on the run appetizers. Glad I stayed to dine-in today. Service was great, food was excellent and fed my need for alone time!
Next time I'll try something spicy!While the delivery time estimate was accurate and the service friendly when we called, the food was terrible. 
I'd liken the quality to what you'd accept from a food cart parked next to an office complex. Which would be fine if expected, but not at $15 an entree. 
The extremely long hair in my wife's samosa was a nice touch as well. When we called to complain, they only refunded that single item. As though any of the food was edible in light of that. I'm surprised this place has been in business this long. I guess that's south street for you.Meh.
Food was good, but nowhere near spicy enough. My boyfriend liked the naan. 
Meh.So delicious! I got the Palak Paneer. The whole dish was great but the paneer itself was wonderful! My husband loves his lamb dish too. I would definitely recommend this place!Lovash, to you I will give my first one-star review. 
Perhaps I am speaking out of my ignorance of the tastes and textures of indian food, but honestly it was disgusting. I got a spinach dish with lamb and garlic, and it had the consistancy of pureed spinach gooped over my lamb. The lamb would have been delicious outside of the thick paste, but i couldn't even find it past all of the grossness surrounding it.
The rice was good and the bread was fantastic. I also enjoed the samosa we had as an appetizer, but paying like 15 bucks for two bites of far less than mediocre spinach paste is not my idea of a romantic evening. My boyfriend liked his paste (It was supposed to be coconut something or another, also with lamb) but I thought it looked and smelled like puke and his sweat smelled like it all night.
Plus the guy who seated us was an ass and the serving lady wouldnt even look at us or say 'you're welcome' when I thanked her for our dishes. Am I that unattractive? I doubt it. 
The atmosphere was alright, except it felt like we were on a double date because we were so close to another couple and every time the door opened we got blasted with cold air. 
This was a week ago and I still feel like it was a waste of my money. We could have gone to Tamarind (like we always do on Saturday nights) and got more delicious, more filling, more spicy food for half the price, and the night would have been fun, not my boyfriend listening to my angry ravings for 3 hours.Excellent restaurant, excellent bar. The service is great and the atmosphere is better. You should go here if you are on south street. They do carry out so order here if you want some take out.Service is excellent.  Staff and owner are friendly and helpful.   I am fairly new to Indian food, so I ordered the special which was a bbq sampler.  Everything was delicious and the meal was enough for us to share.  I will be going back and will recommend Lovash to everyone.  
We have also purchased and enjoyed food from their cart during the south street festival.The Naan is the best part about their menu.  The spice level is a bit off - I think they are too careful.  Fairly consistent quality, even at busy times.  Understaffed at rush hour, but really friendly service.This place is amazing. Prices are good, food is great, and the people who work here are super nice and friendly. Good vegetarian options and always lots of seating.Great lunch menu, perfect portion and only $20 for an appetizer and two entrees! Can't beat that! (Plus the owner was really nice and the food delicious!)Beautiful looking restaurant with Grade A service.  Met 3 friends there for dinner on an early Sunday evening.  It's a casual, but elegant restaurant and the gracious manager was on hand that evening to take our order and answer all our questions, of which there were several.
The restaurant is BYOB, so make sure you bring your own if you desire a glass of wine with your meal.
First up were meat samosas and vegetable pakora.  The meat samosas were flaky on the outside and the stuffing was generous and flavorful.  One of my dinner companions, stated that the vegetable pakora were very good even though they are deep fried, and this person usually doesn't eat anything fried.
I ordered the shrimp curry which came in a red sauce and was both generous in serving size and delicious with the side of rice.  A Heri Machhli was ordered which is salmon breaded in a lentil flour and then deep fried.  Again the person eating it doesn't usually order deep fried food, but contrary to the vegetable pakora, the flavor in this dish didn't seem to make up for the prep method.
The vegetable korma, vegetable samosa, and mulligatawny soup were all well received and happily consumed by the other two diners at my table.  While no raves were made, there certainly weren't any discredits either.
Next came dessert.  At the suggestion of the manager we ordered the Mango Malabar, which is an Indian cheesecake.  Although I don't usually use acronyms, in this case I'll make an exception... OMG!  This was delicious.  Nothing like cheesecake we're used to in this country, it it served in a cup, kind of the consistency of a medium firm custard, and they put some flaked pastry on top.  Only two of us were supposed to have dessert, and then we ended up splitting it four ways because the serving was generous and it was just too damn good to pass up.
While my dinner companions may not return to Lovash, because they're Philly locals with other local favorites, I will definitely go back and try some of the other dishes.  The manager is delightful and informative, and very willing to converse with his guests, and my dishes were all right on with my expectations.They've broken down the wall into the next retail space and expanded their seating area! It seemed to happen overnight, and has really improved the flow of the place. Waitstaff are really enthusiastic, and the owner (I think) comes by to check on you to make sure you're enjoying your meal. My go to is now the tofu saag, which I haven't seen anywhere else and is yummy and filling; throw some garlic naan in and you have me waddling home tummy first. Hubby's go to has become the vegetarian thali, which is best reserved for when you're super hungry because it's so much food! A great way to sample a lot of dishes though if you're looking for something to share =)I'm really picky about my Indian food, and I must say that Lovash was a real pleasant surprise. First, the service is phenomenal. Mr. Atul was our host, and Mr. Nitin was the man behind the bar. It was our first time to the restaurant, and they greeted us nicely. Second, the food selection and options were truly diverse. Most Indian places pretty much serve the same thing except call it different things or make some minor changes. We told him we want a dish without dairy, and he recommended a chicken dish that was delicious. As far as service, five stars. I ordered a roti and asked for it to be crispy. The chef in the back did not make it crispy enough (it was a bit doughy for my taste), and when I told Mr. Atul he immediately brought out a fresh crispy roti with a smile on his face. The rice was cooked perfectly and seasoned with a couple of golden strands of fried onion, and it came with a small (high-quality) salad on the side. 
The best part about this place apart from the food and service is the MUSIC. They had lovely sitar, tabla, and flute tracks in the back which were not too loud. We couldn't hear the people at the table next to us but we could still have a great conversation. The price range is also perfect for the kind of food they serve. I'll definitely be back, thanks to Atul and Nitin.After another fabulous haircut from Jeremiah at The Alley, I stopped by Lovash for wonderful meat samosas, chicken tikka and nan tonight. The pastry was golden crisp, not greasy, and the nan was crispy-puffy, not the usual cloying, thick flatbread found at other -unnamed- Indian restaurants in Philly. The grilled chicken was perfectly seasoned and then sauteed into a sweet accompaniment of roasted zucchini, carrots and red onion. The decor was very nice and the service attentive. My guests for the Flower Show will surely be ecstatic when I bring them to this cozy BYOB.Recently had dinner here with my girlfriend after getting a great deal from Groupon. The experience was all in all a good one. Our food was all very good and came out rather quickly. The service was pretty good, but could have definitely been better (our server was a little too laid back and only came and checked on us like once throughout the meal). The owner was there, however, and was extremely friendly. I would definitely recommend it, though, because the food was very good and there were actually things on the menu which I had never heard of before and would love to try (this coming from an Indian person).I have been here a handful of times and it is always fantastic service and the food is good. It is BYO so that is also a plus. The prices are very reasonable, the food is filling and generous portions. It is a very good value and the atmosphere is nice and easy.
I would suggest ordering Mohan's Lamb Niyamatkhani (the Executive Chef's Special) It is lamb which is marinated in seasoned coconut milk & flash seared in its natural juices with  a coconut-based sauce and served with jasmine rice.
ALSO! The restaurant is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept!This rates on the low end of Indian restaurants I have been to. Food is strictly average and service doesnt deserve a comment. Our waiter was surprised at us asking a drink without ice and was reluctant to redo one ! This is definitely not the place you want to go if you like spicy Indian food. When we complained on the spice level (we eat decent amount of spice) we were served a side of chili paste. Only later when the owner realized we were thoroughly pissed of, he special ordered spicy curry (which was raw chilly added to other curry!) 
Its location is great on busy South Street, however the interiors are crammed. There was not enough room is aisle where we were seated. However on the other side I could see guests were quite comfortable.I ordered takeout on a friday night.  I have to say, I eat a lot of indian food and I was impressed by this place.  They had a large and appealing menu and the food was yummy.  I don't expect too much from an Indian restaurant, the flavors should all be there.  I need something that is non-greasy (as many cheap indian restaurants can be).
From other reviews, it sounds like the place can be erratic in terms of its quality.  Will certainly try again and confirm that I enjoy the same great food.  
Also my takeout came in 30 minutes so no issues there.Travelled to Philadelphia from Hershey and Lovash surely was an incentive to be there!
The chicken samosa and pakoda were crazy!!!
The green chutney was 10/10.. flavorful and fresh.
I highly recommend everyone to try it.Lovash has amazing Indian food. I love that they have a great variety. From North Indian to South Indian..I recently tried their Samosa chaat which was great. Great place and great service. I keep coming back to get my Indian fix.My husband and I love Indian food. We were first introduced to it at a small restaurant in Potsdam, NY (which is very strange, since the town barely has a half dozen traffic lights- not a place for interesting cuisine). Since then I love to try Indian food whenever we can find any, and was ecstatic to move to Philadelphia, where there appears to be a lot of choices. 
We have ordered delivery twice from here, and each time I have wanted to love it, and have come away disappointed. The delivery was fairly prompt- within a half hour, 40 minutes. However, tonight, two of the boxes were crushed. I found the mixed appetizers to be cold, and the vegetable pakora to be greasy. 
The chicken tikka masala was decent, which is the only reason my review got two stars. However, it did not have any spice to speak of, which is ok by me since I usually order mild, but unexpected. 
I think the secret to Lovash may be to eat at the restaurant instead of ordering takeout. If I ever try it again, I will go that route.Lovash is a nice, clean Indian restaurant haven that takes you away from all the dirt on South Street. They roll their napkins into a thin "v" shapes. I've tried their chicken curry and jasmine rice and thought they had a nice little kick, but not like help, my mouth is on fire and get me water! The waiter always ensured our ice water glasses stayed filled. Though it's not the most phenomenal Indian food, the service has been gracious and it can surely hit the spot if you are craving some nan and such.Worst place to get Indian food. Please don't waste your money. The portion is very small and everything tasted the same. They need to get a new playlist. Butter chicken and chicken tikka massala tasted the same. I don't think they know what family style means.Wonderful dinner and wonderful staff. Don't get Indian food too often but it was amazing the waiters helped us out with picking our entree and they were spot on.Lovash provided both my first and my second experiences with Indian cuisine.  Although I don't have much experience with this type of food, I absolutely must sing praises for this restaurant.  I was so impressed...I ate here twice in one week!  My friends, who ate at Lovash with me, are both veterans of Indian cuisine and they were very pleased with everything we ordered as well!
While we were waiting for our food, the server brought out papadum with mint and tamarind sauces.  Both times, I had meat samosas for an appetizer, which came with the same sauces.  The mint sauce is very spicy, but has a wonderful fresh flavor.  The tamarind sauce was absolutely phenomenal.  Sweet and earthy.  I couldn't get enough!  The meat samosas are seriously to die for.  Perfectly crispy and filled with ground meat and veggies.  I could make a whole meal of them, if the appetizer came with more than two.  They're pretty hefty, though!  
On my first trip, I ordered chicken tikka and paneer naan, which came out with my main course.  The chicken tikka was wonderful.  It was served, still sizzling, on a wood and metal platter.   The veggies were flavorful and the chicken was juicy and absolutely amazing.  The paneer naan had a bit too much cilantro for my taste, the plain naan was absolutely delicious.  Hot and tender.
On my second trip, I ordered chicken vindaloo.  I much preferred this dish to the chicken tikka, but it was a significantly smaller portion, which is really unfortunate!  It's heavenly.  I ordered it as a 1 on their 1-10 heat scale, with 10 being super spicy.  Overall, I really appreciate the option to not have my food unbearably spicy.  I'm a total pansy when it comes to that, so I was happy to be able to enjoy the flavors of my meal without regretting every burning mouthful.  I had to ask for extra rice to take home with me both times.  I had leftover chicken tikka and vindaloo, but they were definitely a little light on the helpings of rice!
The first time I came here, when we were all finished and ready to go we ended up having to wait a fairly long while for our check while the servers were just standing around chatting.  That was pretty frustrating.  The second time around, our server was clearly new to waiting tables and was a little flustered and scatterbrained, but still on top of things.  Even so, the manager himself came by at the end and gave me a coupon for 25% off for my next time there, as well as making sure that everything was fine with our meal.  He was delightful, friendly, and helpful.  The staff here is great, for the most part, the atmosphere is fun and relaxing, and the food is really tasty.  I plan on returning often!  :)I've experienced better food than this. We request our Paneer Tofu to be made spicy and waiter asked us what scale of spiciness. We expected level 7 to be spicy like a medium but when the dish arrived it was more like 1-2. Food overall was okay. I'm not saying its horrible but it was just mediocre if you compare to other Indian restaurants.Having read other reviews of Lovash here on YELP, I have to agree that in terms of Indian cuisine - both in general and in Philadelphia - is totally run of the mill. Situated a bit off the beaten path in the South Street part of Philadelphia, Lovash is a smallish (about 15 tables) joint with your typical Indian selections. The fact of the matter is that you can get better for cheaper if you're willing to go to a different area in the city.
I visited on March 23 2008 for a 3PM lunch. The place was nearly deserted and the waiter (who I believe was also the manager on duty, and possibly the owner) was very futzy and running around doing a lot of nothing. I ordered the vegetable samosas ($4.25), a bowl of Mulligatawny stew ($4.25,) 2 extra pieces of Naan ($4.00, $2/each) and as an entree an order of Chicken Tikka Masala. ($13.95)
This is my "typical Indian meal," a personal fav that I order pretty much every time I eat Indian. I would say everything was more expensive than I'm used to paying by several dollars - and also I am used to Naan bread being complimentary, or perhaps fifty cents as a side order. My normal procedure is to roll the Chicken Tikka into the Naan to eat it as a sandwich.
The Naan itself was disgusting. Truly horrid. Somehow they managed to both burn it AND make it greasy with oil. It was burned so much that I couldn't possibly "roll" anything inside of it, because it was just a pile of flaky crumb.
The other big disappointment was the Mulligatawny, which was bland and boring. It was basically tomato broth with a bunch of julienned carrots (uncooked) chucked inside. Seriously, they were just long skinny strips of carrot, way too big to pick up with a spoon or to put into your mouth. When you put veggies in a soup, they need to be bite sized!
The Samosas (2 in an order, medium sized) and the Tikka were tasty but unimpressive, and coupled with the rest of the meal it was nothing inspiring. I don't intend to come back to Lovash.One of the nice things about the dating scene is being able to sample new restaurants around town-
Since she had no preference and the place appealed to her, we gave this place a shot.  The service here was great as the server was polite and even gave us a great breakdown of the food.
I also found the price of the food to be pretty well within my budget as I had more than enough servings of chicken masala and a couple veggie dishes. The naan and rice was also a great pick.
It definitely was a good pick for a nice outing on South Street.I have been coming here for 10+ years and it is the best, most authentic Indian food in town. Loyal Lovash customer for life! They have tons of vegan options and are super accommodating to people with dietary restrictions.I came to this restaurant at least twice a week when the previous owner/manager was there. He made me comfortable and when it was slow, allowed us to sit at our usual "spot." With the new owner/manager I did not feel as comfortable as I used to. There was two of us once and no other customers and he placed us by the window at a two seat table (after we requested we sit at a bigger table). We had wine, ordered two entrees and appetizers. This table was NOT enough space for our food and drinks. As for the food, it tastes little of the same as I had before. I went once on a weekday and my usual Vindaloo did NOT taste how I enjoyed it before. But I did come in on another day and my food tasted similar to what I am used to. Possibly the schedules of chefs caused this? All in all, I do come to this restaurant because I enjoy the atmosphere and convenience of location. However, I do not frequent this place as many times as before. It's come down to just about once a month and my friends and I are already looking for new Indian restaurants to go to. :-(I use to work here.
So many times when you work at a restaurant, the idea of ever eating there again can be unappealing. But I keep coming back to Lovash.
As a former employee, I am comfortable knowing that the food, and preparation environment is clean. Aside from that the food is fantastic. There are selections for vegetarians, vegans and meat lovers alike. One of the things that I have always loved is the consistency. Many times you order your favorite dish at another eatery, and it is disappointing the second time around. Not at Lovash, every time I order a dish, it is just what I want, exactly as I remember the last time.
The waiting staff seems to change quite often, but on South Street it is hard to avoid turn over. 
Overall the seating is small and cozy. On busy days there is an upstairs dining area as well. The menu is reasonably priced, with a couple more expensive items (i.e. Mohans Lamb), but well worth it. You aren't sitting around forever waiting for your food, but there is plenty of time to sit and enjoy the conversation of company before the food arrives. 
All in all, I give it a 5.DISGUSTING - I just got my delivery order - this was a lot of terrible food for $40.  The Chicken Tikka Masala - had leg or thigh meat not chicken breast and the sauce was exactly like tomato soup- GROSS - I asked for spicy and there was no spice at all.  I gave it 1 star because the lamb wasn't terrible but it wasn't good either.  The garlic nan was like regular naan.  I have NEVER been so disappointed with Indian food like this.  It was shockingly bad.  Do yourself a favor try Karma instead.This is my 1st time being back in a place I would love to call home. I haven't eaten Indian food since early in the year of 2010. I missed it. Although my choice not to partake in it was more a personal one. Lovash certainly warmed my thoughts, spirit and memories of a fondness in food prepared by an Indian hand. The delicacy of the spices and the heart of passion smoldering form the tandoori oven pit. Don't go on a Groupon to Indian restaurants. If they are supporting Groupon. By becoming merchants with the company they can prepare what they want as their Groupon discounted offering. They can make something simple and not truly authentic enough. Anyway, I digress. The food is really good. Although it could stand to be more similar to traditional spiciness of Indian cuisine. It's great for a large group or family. I don't suggest Indian Cuisine to everyone as children's pallets are not accentuated to the richness and flavor of spice and ingredients. I cannot wait to revisit Lovash and try more of their spice of lifing. [Yes, I wrote life-ing]Had the tikki chicken Masala great price great food. Here's the but there delivery service sucks it took them 2 hours to deliver to my office.I have to say I was disappointed by Lovash.  Chicken Korma is usually my dish of choice. If you, like me, enjoy the sweet and savory blend of the cashew flavor, you won't like it at Lovash.
My boyfriend got the Chicken Saag, which I usually don't like but really enjoyed. Its much more spinach based and a little sweeter. I would definitely order again. Got the cheese and opinion naan and the crab pastry appetizer. Both ok. 
I would say the servers were fun, friendly and attentive, which is always a bonus.Oh how I love me some LOVASH!!! 
Once upon a time not long ago...I used to work on South St.... AND when you work on South St. the most convenient foods become very repetitive. So every once in a while I would treat myself to something different from their menu. 
They have a nice selection of non-vegetarian & vegetarian apps or entrees. And their breads are delightful add a side of curry for $4.50 to dip your bread in ever better. A little steep, but for me totally worth it. I have no complaints about this place. I have enjoyed every dish I have had and look forward to actually dining in this restaurant, as I have only ever had take out. 
I say if your in the mood for something creative and your around South St. Go for it!!!! 
-fast delivery/takeout 
-very accommodating 
-warm atmosphere 
-inexpensiveWe just ate lunch at Lovash. Super good! They have awesome (read: awesome and cheap) lunch specials until 2:30. My boyfriend and I split the "mixed appetizer". I'm semi-new to Indian food so I don't know all of the names. It had veggie pakora and samosas. Plus tandoori chicken. Some kind of lamb patty, maybe? 
Then I got a lamb sandwich. And my boyfriend got the chicken saag. HUGE PORTIONS. 
All of the food was wonderful. 
The service, however, was a little slow. We were expecting to spend an hour at lunch. But it was fine!
~$25 for the food plus one soda.Meh. 
My fish tikka was too dry - it was a veritable protein sponge (overdone monkfish) over generic stir-fry vegetables.  The palak paneer was one dimensional and texturally off.  
Honestly, I prefer Cafe Spice - the Liberty Place Food Court Indian food place  - or New Samosa's buffet over this place.
Take my opinion in context though because walking down South Street on a Saturday night to get to dinner is sure to reduce your appetite or induce pangs of nausea. 
P.S. - Musical gripe - you can't alternative between smooth jazz and Ravi Shankar in your playlist.  It just doesn't work.  Especially at tooth-filling shaking, full blast volume.It was a slow Tuesday night when we stopped in for dinner. Seated immediately (we were the only patrons), got our lemon water and drink order. Minutes later, we ordered our crab appetizer and our entrees. The food was delicious! The lamb saag and chicken tikka masala arrived with basmati rice and a small salad. While some may say that the portions are small, it is actually filling enough for a person of a normal, healthy appetite! Do not expect to gorge on food like you are at a buffet. We opted for gulab jamun, rice pudding and homemade mango kulfi (ice cream). I was even able to have a discount coupon honored for checking into the restaurant on Yelp. Overall, an excellent dinner and experience from Lovash and the staff. I highly recommend this restaurant.This is a cute little spot.  Despite it's South St. location, once you're inside it feels refreshingly like a different locale.  I highly recommend the garlic Naan-made on the premises!  Also the fish or chicken Vindaloo never fails to satisfy.  I believe they are BYOB, and they also do take-out.  The last time I ordered, my bread was (gasp) burnt, which is my only complaint.  I've eaten here at least eight times though, and this was the only issue.  If you choose to eat in the restaurant, the owner is very gracious and accommodating.  Last note, try the mango lassi, it balances the spicy items very nicely.We had lunch at Lovash and it was awesome! The food was delicious and they had a great lunch special that goes until 2:30, not a lot of money for a huge portion. Service was great as well, the food came out very quickly and our server, Atul, was so friendly and made us feel welcome the minute we stepped in. Definitely will go back!Unfortunately, I cannot give less than one star. I must preface this review by saying that I order Indian at least once a month from either Ekta or Tiffin, thus have a pretty good standpoint for comparison. Tonight my boyfriend and I ordered the Palak Paneer and the VIndaloo for takeout from Lovash and found both to be soupy, completely flavorless, and the cause of indigestion. The Naan was flat, tough, and flavorless. The Paneer and Vindaloo were also greasy and had the taste of being frozen, canned, processed and then microwaved. Seemingly fitting with the South Street hype, Lovash puts on a nice presentation but the food lacks substance and quality. *The manager was incredibly helpful and apologetic when we brought up the issue, however, so props for customer service!* Nonetheless, I cannot recommend Lovash yet. After reading several good reviews, I may give it another chance if only because the management was so apologetic, it may have been a fluke.I have made wine deliveries (part of my job) to Lovash on a number of occasions and it always smelled really good.  I decided to go there for lunch.  They had sandwiches, which is something I've never seen in an Indian restaurant.  The samosa was really good.  Perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  The sandwich was another story.  The veggies were overcooked and they were a little stingy with the lamb.  The seasoning was tasty but the nan bread was soggy.
I saw them setting up a buffet, which I think might be worth a shot.  I would definitely try an entree there, but most likely not a sandwich again.I've had better-especially for the price.  Let's just say I was disappointed after dishing out $25 per person.
Our choices:
Mango Lassi
Puri (bread)
Roti (bread)
Curry entre (with chicken)
Korma entre (with lamb)
The mango lassi was good; creamy, not watery, not too sweet, definitely tastes homemade.
The puri bread was advertised as whole wheat AND puffy, and to my dismay, it was neither.  In most restaurants they serve it to you still puffy and then it deflates after you poke into it, but both of my pieces were deflated before it got to the table.  Bummer.
The Roti was slightly burnt around the edges, but otherwise your typical roti.
I didn't have much of the chicken curry entre, but the bites that I did have tasted a little to over-salted, but the sauce was otherwise delectable.  The chicken was nice and tender, not dry at all.
The lamb korma was very creamy, but definitely lacked the spices-it came out sort of bland.  Also the lamb was not very tender, actually pretty tough, meaning that they cooked it fast and they did not go with the slow, low-heat method.
With each entre came a cup of rice (literally it looked like they took a dry measuring cup and scooped the rice out of the pot and put it on your plate) which I did not think was enough to go with the entree; I like mixing the korma and the rice together, but i found myself having too much korma, not enough rice.   Also, it came with a side salad, but I don't even think you can call it a salad.  Yes, there were pieces of lettuce.  Yes, there were sliced carrots on it.  No, there was no dressing (not even a light dressing) on it.  No, the lettuce was not fresh and the majority of my leaves were wilted and blackening.    Why even put it on the plate of it's not presentable?  Mind boggling. 
I walked away full, but overall not happy with the eating experience.  The majority of the time we were in the restaurant, it was smoky because one of the dishes calls for a hot plate (the sizzling one) and so it filled both rooms of the restaurant and it was making it a little to hazy for us.
The wait-staff was very friendly; checked on us a few times to see how things were going and did not rush us out the restaurant until the check was given to us.
Not sure if I would go there again, but not completely dissatisfied.  Just not wowed, especially for the price and the location.Took a recent visit and I think I finally realized why I do not frequent this restaurant as much. One word; inconsistency. Some days the food is SUPERB, but unfortunately on the weekends the food is pretty much bland. My sister's usual (Tikka Marsala) barely had any cream and my Vindaloo was bland with nothing but spiciness. 
Service: Wonderful. Loved how the host did not grill my sister and I down and we finally felt welcomed again. I thought the place changed managers again, but they didn't. I really prefer the staff that were there the day that I went. They constantly checked up on us and made us felt very welcomed. 
Food: Please bring back the chef that I had the first months that I have been there! I do not know if they switched chefs or if they're just slacking off. But I really want to love this place again! :)My boyfriend and I have been to Lovash many, many times since late 2009 and it has been a slow downward progression that turned completely awful this evening. Lovash used to be our go to spot where we couldn't get enough of their vegetable korma, garlic naan, and spinach parantha, but after tonight I can honestly say we will never go back.  Over the last year the service was going down hill with inconsistent food and awkward staff that were never there long enough to get familiar with the menu, but we still kept going back to give them the benefit of the doubt. Tonight our server was once again new and super sweet even though she didn't know the menu at all and we had to point to everything and clarify it multiple times with her. She was also very unsure of herself and nervous which made it very awkward to talk during dinner because she would just hover over your table unsure if she should interrupt. As soon as she got a few more tables she became so overwhelmed (the manager who was simply running her around did not help matters) that we literally did not see her for the rest of the night.  We waited an hour for our food and when it arrived we were very disappointed due to the inconsistency. My boyfriend and I ordered the same exact meal yet they came out different flavors, consistency, and even different vegetables and our basmati rice was quite dry. After we were clearly done eating we waited for our check for another half an hour with no one coming to see if we needed boxes, desserts, etc. until we flagged down the manager (since we hadn't seen our waitress in forever). The icing on the cake was when the manager sat a table directly next to us close enough so that my elbow was basically touching the lady next to time despite the restaurant being more or less empty.Why is this place empty?  We were worried that no one was there. But the food was very good. Had salmon with goa sauce and vegetable korma. All was very fresh, nicely seasoned and cooked properly.  And reasonable prices!  BYOB.
Definitely a place for a return trip!Super yummy vegan options as well as gluten free options, & very accommodating friendly / knowledgeable staff! A must try !I would come here a million times for the Fish Tikka- one of the most delicious things I have ever tasted- truly unbelievable!!!  Also it is beautiful inside!!  Service is wonderful!!!Neither I nor my dude know much about Indian food, but we had a Groupon and a Sat. night with no other plans, so we tried this place out. We left as big fans. 
The owner knew from our reservation that it was our first visit and made a point of making us super-comfortable. (And he was very nice about the fact we were 20 minutes late. Eek. Bad customers!)
Our waiter was very patient and sweet in explaining what was in the dishes we weren't familiar with and helping me choose less spicy options. 
All the food was delicious, portions were very hearty for the price and the space is really cozy and charming. We'll def. be back.Best naan around. Best Indian food I've ever had.
I had the chicken Biryani.  It was great.  It comes with sauce on the side that works perfectly with the dish. 
This is the only Indian restaurant I would go to in this city.Ugh.
I really want to like Lovash. The first time I ate there (dine-in) it was pretty decent. I remember the seafood soup being incredible.
Since then I've ordered delivery several times and it gets progressively worse each time. Last night will be my last time; it was barely edible. I actually said "Yuck!" out loud. The palak paneer (cheese cubes in spinach) tasted like they heated some spinach in the microwave and then stirred it alot. The chicken tikka masala had some odd tanginess to it and was not at all spicy like I ordered. Interestingly, I've had the chicken tikka masala from here before and it wasn't bad.
I'd say price point and delivery time is on par with other Indian restaurants in the city.
This place might be hit or miss, but it's an average hit or an egregious miss. I suggest dining in if you want to try it. Apparently they have hookah upstairs?Sometimes my mother calls me up just to say, "I'm craving Lovash. I desperately miss their food." This wouldn't be remarkable, except that she lives 400 miles away. 
Lovash is on the small side, but there's something about the orange walls and crisp tablecloths that make it feel intimate and welcoming rather than cramped. Their service is always fast, but more importantly- friendly. This is a place where I've had many a relaxed chat with the owner and servers, who are all very nice, hardworking folks. They'll remember you and ask after your family and friends. It's the kind of warm experience you want from a cozy neighborhood byob. 
The food can't be beat. This is no watery, buffet-steam-table Indian cuisine; this is the real deal. The sauces are hearty and spicy, the meat's always tender and perfectly seasoned, the vegetables crisp, the rice fragrant. I often go for the obvious favorite, Chicken Tikka Masala, simply because theirs is better than anyone else's. The chicken is succulent and the sauce is possibly the best idea anyone ever had concerning tomatoes. There's a sweetish tang from the yogurt used in the marinade, and the chicken retains a bit of the smokey texture of the grill. Perfection in a little gold crock. Their Saag curry is also fantastic- I used to dislike spinach until I ate it like this. With scallops it's particularly striking; plump, buttery seafood and slow-simmered greens are a good match of textures. Lovash is also no slouch when it comes to lamb (their shami kebabs have a light, minty spice) and they have a great assortment of breads to complement any dish.
The prices are very reasonable, especially considering their South Street location and the quality of the food. For a group of four to enjoy dinner platters, a few specialty drinks (like the very refreshing peach lasi, yum) and dessert (the kheer is velvety and just the right degree of sweet), it comes to around eighty bucks. You could drop that much per head in Center City, or you could enjoy a genuine and truly special evening in a local family's pride and joy.
(P.S. They also cater! I attended a very memorable wedding banquet that was whipped up by Lovash's excellent chefs. A wide variety of dishes, and the bride reports that they were professional, creative and very reasonable on cost. If you're looking to do something different from the one-chicken-one-fish-one-veggie-lasagna crowd, Lovash is a great option. Plus, they are quite vegetarian-friendly. Mmm, just imagine how those samosas will go with your open bar....)Had a really awful lunch experience today. The chicken tikka masala tasted like spaghetti-o's and the chicken korma left an awful taste in my mouth. The chick-pea dish that accompanied both entrees was entirely too salty, almost inedible. On top of that 2 entrees, a soup and an appetizer was $40 (including tip). I strongly do not recommend.We've ordered from Lovash online several times and aside from a longer-than-usual wait, the food is worth it. The sauces are spiced just right and the meat is good quality. 
We would def. eat inside if they didn't deliver because the owner and staff are always so nice when we pick-up and the interior is really nice. 
My favorites include the rogan josh and vindaloo. Yummy!I dont often write reviews, especially negative ones but i just ordered the chicken vindaloo and it was so bland to start with. Secondly, the first bit was a huge jibber that I had to pull out of my mouth. Second bite, a piece of bone?! wtf??? NOT GOOD.  This gets a 1-star for quality and flavor. Gross.
There are much better places for indian in this city (tiffin)The food was delicious - I got the vegetable samosas and vegetable curry.   The samosa came with two different sauces (green and brown sauce) and with two big samosas.  These were mainly potato filled and were quite hearty.  
The vegetable curry in combination with the rice was very tasty.   The only down side of it all was the price.  I feel like for the amount I paid I should have received a bigger portion.The seating area is tiny, with that cozy byo feel, and the waitstaff are really nice and very attentive, partly because there's nowhere for them to hide. Both of our dishes were yummy; he got chana masala, and I got chicken saag. The saag was one of the most spinach-y I've ever had, and not too oily, which was great, but the chicken meat was a little scary in the sinewy chewy kind of way. Naan was fluffy goodness.Ordered chicken tikka masala through seamless app. The rice was buttery and not hot. The sauce on the chicken tastes just like ketchup. No heat or flavor to the sauce. Gross. I wish I didn't waste $14. :(
At least the food was ready on time?This is my third time at Lovash, the first two times were great. I always got the Rhogan Josh with chicken and it was always amazing. 
I finally recommended this place to my friends and we decided to go on a Friday night. We had 7 people in our party so I expected a little bit of a wait. However, when we were seated, it took a long time for the servers to come greet us and we had to go find the servers to take our orders. At this time, there was another table of 7 people, and a table for 2 people. It was literally 3 tables and 3 servers on a Friday night. 
It took 35 minutes for the appetizers to arrive, and we waited another hour for our entree. I don't know why it took so long for the food to come out. When I asked the server how long it'll take, the service said "sorry we have a lot of people to serve". There was literally 3 tables and 3 servers on a Friday night!!!!!! NO EXCUSE!
The food however was great, but it was not worth an hour and 30 minute wait. They were kind enough to give us 15% off the whole bill for the wait, but I just think they can improve on their service.First time ordering from here. 
We got delivery from seamless, and let me say- I rarely review anything- but this place was the worst. Order was 30 minutes late and then when it showed up it was a MESS. 2 of the 3 sauces we ordered burst open. I guess the driver threw the bag in his trunk and let it roll around while he whipped up and down the streets. I'm not kidding it was everywhere. The brown paper bag was soaked through and the sauces had mixed and were pooling in the bottom of the plastic outer bag. I could tell pretty much right as soon as I grabbed the bag from the driver that something was up but he ran back to his car and sped off. We opened it, and using a half a roll of paper towels, cleaned everything and tried to salvage what we could. As we managed to save less than half our order my boyfriend was on the phone calling the restaurant. The owner offered to bring us another order but by this point we had started to taste food, realized it was gross anyway, and then decided not to wait another hour and a half for him to bring us the stuff again. After we got off the phone I opened a container of rice and a very very LONG BLACK HAIR was it in. This is not a joke. I gagged- tossed it all in the trash and called seamless for a refund. The rest owner would not give them permission to process a refund (even though he was going to make the entire order for us again??) but they offered us a $25 dollar credit since they felt so bad. I guess that helps a little but it was a $60 dollar order- money down the drain. I didn't even say anything to my boyfriend about the hair because he would have freaked out.
Moral of the story- if you want good indian in philadelphia just order TIFFIN its worth the couple extra bucks it's much much better food and better quality.I like Lovash and would love to go there for lunch one day (there lunch specials are great!) I went with my little brother on a weekday for dinner and it was dead in there, but the decor was lovely. We got the appetizer sampler which was delicious, I absolutely loved the samosas, it was a great for sharing. We both ordered Tikka Masala curry and shared some buttery paratha. It was all very delicious! You can choose if you want the sauce mild or spicy. I got spicy and it did not disappoint but was not overwhelming at all so I could still tastes my delicious entree. Service was great but not bothersome so we could make conversation with out 50 water refills :). I'm planning on taking a friend who lived in India to get her opinion.My delivery was gross.  The Saag seemed like it was out of a can.  The rice was clumped as if it was previously frozen.  The Saag had nearly no complexity or texture.  This will be my last time ordering from this atrocious excuse for an Indian restaurant.