Never again.
Delivery: They will lie and tell you 45 minutes to an hour. It will, every single time, take AT LEAST 1 and half hours, and 3 phone calls asking where your food is before you get it. And I live 4 blocks away. This last time my order did not only take almost 2 hours to get to me, but it was missing items. When I called to ask where they were, they kept me on hold for 10 minutes and then hung up on me. If I hadn't paid cash, I would have disputed the charges.
I've been dining in and ordering from here for years. I will never do that again. The food is so inconsistent. Some days it's great, other days it's so full of cardamom pods it's inedible. 
Skip it.My boyfriend and I love to come here for dinner. It's our favorite Indian restaurant in the area! Their Chicken Tikka Makhani is incredible. Great food, great service and friendly staff. BYO which is a plus!I REALLY wish I read some Yelp reviews before placing my delivery order from here this past Tuesday. I should have known with the generic name "indian restaurant"... 
So things started off on the wrong foot when the delivery guy lied and told me he was "downstairs". I work near City Hall so he couldn't find parking right in front of the building and I ended up waiting a good 10 minutes for him to find parking and walk over to me to bring me my food. Didn't help that I was actually having an extremely busy day, so I could have used those 10 minutes. I wish he would have just told me when he was ACTUALLY downstairs.
The food was ridiculously bland for indian cuisine - no heat and no flavor. I ordered veggie samosas and saag paneer (what they're supposed to be known for) and both were extremely dissapointing. The only good piece of food I got was the naan. I will say they have large portions, I got about 3 meals out of the serving size -- but the second 2 times I ate the dish I had to add my own spices and sauces to make it better.Reasonable Indian fare at average prices. Ever go to places that are not bad but are not so stand out? This is one of them. In fact this may well define that category - they have a generic name and that should be some kind of a karmic choice!
We had the peshawari naan and paneer makhani. We also had a soup (Mulligatawny) and some samosas. None of them were outstanding but at the same time they were not bad. If someone ate Indian food for the first time and they chose this place, they may be surprised at the vague reference to spices (especially the hot ones) in the context of Indian food. Somehow I was not able to identify any of the normal spices I am used to (cinnamon, garlic, pepper, cardomom) in the dishes.
Just a normal Indian restaurant - what any roadside diner would be to burgers and fries.Very rude waiter.  The vegetable entres were rather disappointing, although the onion kulcha was not bad.  (Also their mint chutney is made with gherkins - it took me a few minutes to tell why the flavor was familiar). Definitely not worth returning.  Sitar India is a far better bet.They deliver thru Grub Hub too.
I love this restaurant. Try the tikka masala and the vindaloo is outstanding.Decided last minute to grab some take out early Saturday evening. I didn't call ahead with my order but I wasn't in a rush so didn't mind waiting. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and had a seat in the back of the restaurant. The host brought me a glass of a mango smoothie while I waited and it was delicious! It was only a few minutes later when they brought out my meal and I was on my way. I found the portion size to be very generous and the meal really tasty. There aren't a lot of Indian options close by so I'll be back!I've been back twice since I wrote my original review and I still stand by it.
My favorite dish thus far is definitely the Chicken Korma. Just...it's so delicious, I can't even talk about it because it's dinner time and I don't live in the city.
Service is still top notch, water always filled, etc.
It is one of the places I would take a visitor to the city if they were looking for good food. I even took my mother there after the Flower Show and she liked it!
If you're kids are well-behaved, I see no reason why they can't join the meal.BYOB! Bring a bottle of red, eat the delicious lamb saag and savor your meal.  Weird name though... I definitely judged a book by it's cover with the restaurant being named "Indian Restaurant."Don't let the matter-of-fact name or the creepy mannequin doll at the front throw you off. This place is really yummy! Best Indian place that I've had in the city so far. The Lamb Vindaloo is actually spicy, and the onion kolcha is hot and delicious. 
Service is also pretty good, no waiting time or pulling teeth to have your water filled.
Dependable staple every time, and is now my point of comparison whenever I'm having Indian food.The first time I tried this place it would have gotten a 4. You can't just give out 5's, so that would be a high ranking for me. We then ordered again and were disappointed.  The second time would have got a 2, so this place gets an average of 3. 
Good restaurants require consistency. So, when you order the same meal twice, and get different results, it is ashame. The nan is consistent, but the curries and some other dishes, like the eggplant vary a bit. 
Also, when people ask for spicy food you should get it, not a comment that they didn't think you could handle it. 
The 10% off if you pay for case though is redeeming and the prices are good.Ok, I've found it.  This is the best Indian food in the city.  I went through the standards: Mumbai, Ekta, Tiffin, Lovash, Minar Palace, Palace at the Ben.... and some non-standards (okay, only Tashan and that place in Reading Terminal that I forget....)  But this one wins.  I have now had delivery (an embarrassing number of times - so I'll just say that it was enough times to make it statistically significant..... and for the different drivers to recognize me...) take-out, and have dined in this establishment.  The food is phenomenal, and they make it spicy when asked.  If you want really spicy, they'll do that too.  
Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Lamb Curry, Saag Paneer..... staples are all delicious.  And of course the Naan... yum.  
My dine-in experience was great too, the place is quaint and cute, service was impeccable; I order my dishes spicy and need my water never to be empty.  It never was.  
One note for delivery/takeout - the rice never seems to match with the number of dishes ordered.  I order one dish, they give me one thing of rice. Three dishes, one thing of rice.  Ask for more rice if you order more than one dish so you won't be disappointed.This place is great! Service was very good and the staff was super nice. it was my girlfriends first time eating Indian food. We both really enjoyed everything especially the chicken dunkpacht. Will def be back for more!We chose this place due to a restaurant.com coupon.  There were 3 of us in total.  The service was quite nice.  The waiter constantly re-filled our glasses of water.  The food was ok.  We ordered 2 appetizers, the Chana Chat and the Bhuija.  The chana Chat was a cold salad but tasty but the Bhuija that is Onion Fritters were horrible.  They were twice fried.  How do I know, the appetizers took latterly 2 minutes to come out.  The fried onion fritters were very dark, almost burnt in color.  The taste left in your mouth was of oil and the fritter itself was slightly warm in temperature.   I would NOT recommend ordering the Chef's Special Vegetable delight.  It has a wonderful description but it is completely opposite of what you receive and an entree.  It consisted of vegetables with no flavor and I asked for medium spice.  This entree consists of mainly fried potatoes as I am aware this is a vegetable, if I wanted fried potatoes I would have went to a burger joint not an Indian restaurant.  They ended our meal with a complimentary dessert of rice pudding which was nice.  After, when the bill arrived is the Scam part, or as I see it to be a scam.
We presented the certificate once the bill was given to us and we were told that this restaurant NEVER signed up for this or had an affiliation with ANY coupons.  So we paid the bill not to make a scene or cause any disturbance.  We were with friends so you can't understand my frustration or my embarrassment since I recommended this place.  The owner/manager that we talked to would not even consider talking about this other than to say this is not our restaurant and this restaurant never had any deals or coupons.   The way I see it, someone owns me for my time, money and embarrassment.  Either this restaurant is scamming to get people in to spend the required $50.00 and NOT accepting this coupon or, restaurant .com has made an error.Best Indian food I've ever had. Indian Restaurant has another location on Callowhill, called King of Tandoor. That location is bigger, but both has great decor, wonderful service, and amazing food. I had the chicken tikka masala, kebabs, curry chicken, and a few other dishes before. I would keep coming back if I had the $$$.Their mango lassis are like sips of heaven. 
We got rice pudding and naan on the house several times though. Great place for a date or nice dinner with friends.I don't see how you can choose another Indian restaurant in the area.  This is by far the tastiest Indian food for a reasonable price.  And, the staff are soooo nice and accommodating.  We always order the veggie samosas as an app.  This visit I tried the Lamb Pasanda and it was very tasty; possibly more tasty than the Lamb Tikka Masala.  My wife's Chicken Biryani was not as tasty as we've had in the past but it was good.  Make sure you get a garlic naan bread too...and lots of the spicy onion salad stuff.  The staff recognized me from frequent visits and threw in a free rice pudding, which was very tasty.  Whatever you choose, I'm sure you will be happy with your dinner.  Hint: if you take out and pay cash, you get 10% off.I went here for dinner with a few friends. The atmosphere here is very nice, and the prices are reasonable and appropriate for the quality of the food. Plus, Philly doesn't have too many Indian restaurants, and this place is a good choice for groups or nights where you just want something comforting and filling. But to me,  Indian food comes in two varieties, and this one is of the type that taste like cheap greasy take-out. Probably won't ever go here again if I can avoid it.I'm sure that I only got a half-made chaat. The takeout container just had a single layer of chickpeas and a lemon slice. There was no potato, no onion, no chutney, no spices. Utterly horrible. If I hadn't been a 40 minute walk back to the restaurant I would have returned it. I called to complain and got an offer of a free samosa, but I won't be returning to Indian Restaurant.This is a great addition to the neighborhood. The food is one of the top Indian restaurants in Philly and very reasonably priced. I have been into the restaurant 3 times and tried multiple items and really enjoy the vegetarian tofu and bean dishes. I would not recommend desserts. BYOB as well which is great considering it is not Italian.My girlfriend and I love this place!! We have  not been to all of the Indian restaurants in the city, however, the combination of reasonable price and good quality makes this one of our favorite date spots. We have been here three times, and I'm in love with their lamb vindaloo! Spicy enough to make you sweat, yet still extremely enjoyable. My g/f loves the salmon, snapper and the mango drink. And the fact it's byob and 10% off with cash makes my pockets feel a little better. Like the man before me, can't help but love a good BYOB!The name lacks imagination but I guess it will show up when you google it or search for indian food on Yelp.  I ordered delivery and my food showed up within the estimated delivery window.  After being edible, this place passed the next most important test for indian food - the ability to get two meals out of one entree plus nan.  I'm sold.Nothing has changed, still fantastic. Packed with happy diners on a Saturday night. BYOB and enjoy a delectable meal for two for less than $40 before tip. 
PS while I wait here for my takeout, I just received a free creamy Mango Lassi. MmmmmThis is my first Yelp review ever- I felt it was warranted after the great experience I had here tonight! Today, my boyfriend and I were in the mood to try a BYOB Indian restaurant we had walked past a bunch of times in the city. I hopped on Yelp this afternoon to check it out and was horrified to see the reviews for the place we were planning to go (dirty, terrible food, terrible service). We quickly decided to find a different place to dine and stumbled upon Indian Restaurant. We had such a wonderful dinner and both agreed this place deserved 5 stars. The service was wonderful- the waiters were attentive, but not overly intrusive. The place was vey cozy, beautifully decorated and clean. The food was also beyond delicious- we started with the cheese naan, which was served hot and perfectly cooked. We then shared the chicken tikka masala and vegetable korma and both thought they were the best tasting Indian entrees we had ever had. Our waiter even gave us a rice pudding on the house after our meal, which was just as good as everything else we ate this evening.
Key tips: BYOB, 10% discount if you pay with cashGood food, rich, creamy sauces, strong flavor. Service always excellent. The mannequin that greets you by the front door takes some getting you used to, but eat a plate of their food and you'll be happy you came.I have been wanting to go here for a very long time.  I was not disappointed!  It is a very comfortable BYOB.  Their service was great.  They didn't rush you and you didn't feel forgotten.  The food....DELICIOUS.  I highly recommend the Shrimp Tandoori Masala.  I wanted to roll around in it, it was so damn good!!  I will be back many times.  I'm hellbent on trying everything (vegetarian) on their menu.  I'm grateful they're so close to home.I have ordered from this place several times before and I've always had a decent experience. This time, I wanted to order their lunch special($10.95) and a samosa appetizer ($3.95). Since I'd never had their lunch special before, I decided to call them up and find out what it would entail. 
They guy who picked up the call, was gruff in his manner, but I'm not one to hold this against a restaurant. I ask him about the lunch special and the first thing he says is "what's the phone number?" Um...okay...fine. I give him my phone number and he starts an order. I go along because, hey, I wanted to order some food anyway. Then he tells me that the total falls well short of  the $15minimum (Which would not be the case if I ordered over Eat24). So I ordered another set of samosas. Now he tells me the total is $20.36, and by now I'm extremely uncomfortable with the prices I've been quoted. So I politely tell him that I would like to cancel this one and order online. To which he seemed to agree, and even advised me to remember the $15 minimum.
I order online and my total comes up to $16.90 without tip as opposed to the $20.36 he would've charged me. Relieved at having made the right decision, I go about my day. 5 minutes later, I get a call from the restaurant and some guy (the same one I talked to earlier) starts YELLING at me for having made 'duplicate' orders. He didn't even let me get a word in! When he calmed down enough for me to remind him that I told him very clearly about cancelling, he started yelling again. And when I told him to simply cancel the first order, he yells again about how 'its a computer and he cannot change it' and he would be cancelling both my orders. Wow. 
Turns out this guy is the manager of the restaurant. What a shitty service. The management is going to run this place to the ground, and I don't think I'll be sorry when it goes to dust. Avoid avoid avoid! You'd be much better off at Minar Palace, where the management is much nicer to talk to and the food is much better than this sorry excuse for Indian food.Review is for delivery only. 
The only thing my beloved South Philly is lacking is Indian food! We were excited to find out that Indian Restaurant delivers all the way to south of Snyder. Ordering for delivery can be done online through their website and it is quick and easy, including payment with a credit card.
We ordered mulligatawny, chicken tikka masala, and a Pakistani dish that I can't remember the name of but it is sort of Indian meets chicken pot pie (but with lamb). The mulligatawny was absolutely delicious - I have been searching for a good version of this soup for takeout for years. It reheated very nicely as well. Our dinners were also very good - not the best Indian I've ever had but solid and tasty. Portions are definitely big enough to make into 2 meals, especially if you order soup and naan along with it. 
Delivery took about 40 minutes, which I didn't mind since we are pretty far away. Would definitely order again!Amazing. Lightning fast delivery with online (nonverbal yay!) ordering. 
Their veggie options are great & authentic. They use an actual tandoor oven & if you ask about it they are more than willing to show you it personally....ovenally. 
The freshest meats that shock even seasoned...meat....people. 
Wonderful hidden gem thats literally named "Indian Restaurant". 
What fun.This is my family's go-to place for take out and delivery.  The prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive in each portion.  The lamb samosas are hefty and a great value (2 big ones for $3.50).  
I especially love the chana chat, the chicken biyani (filled with very juicy pieces of chicken), and the samosas.  My husband's favorite is lamb vindaloo and he has never complained about it not being spicy enough, a common complaint he has with most restaurants.  
We usually try something different on the menu every time we order, and we have never been disappointed.Great food. Fast delivery. Lamb Vindaloo is awesome. Gets pricey when ordering for a lot of friends.This is pretty much my go-to restaurant in the neighborhood now! I've always thought Ekta as the best Indian restaurant in the area, albeit the trek to Fishtown, but now I have just what I need round the corner. 
Definitely try any of the appetizers that come with their fluffy bread, it is absolutely delicious. I also enjoy my usual chicken tikka masala and lamb rogan josh staples but I've tried a few other curry variations too and the korma and saag paneer is spot on. 
My favorite however - their sweet lassi. If you like yogurt drinks, look no further! They recommend their mango lassi and that's tasty too but I know an Indian restaurant is doing it right if they make a mean lassi! Even if I'm not sitting down for a meal, I drop by for a lassi takeout on the way home. Dessert wise I've tried both the rasmalai and gulab jamun which I love but it's because I have a huge sweet tooth.Wasn't the best and wasn't the worst. Since there seems to be a real dearth of Indian restaurants around Philly, I'll have to say it is acceptable to eat at this aptly named location. We had Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Malai with some Samosas ($38 with tax).  I wasn't jumping for joy though. To top things off, it took at least 30 minutes for the waiter to clear the plates and bring the check. We were talking so it was okay, but we had to eventually flag him down. Portion size could have been a little bigger. The funny thing was that the leftovers tasted better than the original meal. That's unusual and not really sure what to make of that. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 3 StarReally great food and the service is amazing! I saw an employee of the restaurant off duty and he remembered that I was a customer! Also they gave me free dessert! Made me feel special and I love it! 5/5 I am thinking of coming there again.Lovely atmosphere with white tablecloths, clean, attentive service and the food was delicious.  I had the best lamb vindaloo.  My father had a lamb dish that was also tasty.   Docked a notch for rather high prices but we will definitely return.Food was good and the place is decent enough, similar to other posts, it will do.First-timer's take: ordered a range of vegetarian items for delivery through grub hub: samosas w/accompanying chutneys, naan, saag paneer, channa, baingan bharta, assorted pickles. The baingan bharta was the standout dish, creamy and surprisingly spicy. Everything else was underwhelming,  tasted off, and/or was off texturally (looking at you, pickles, chutneys, and samosas). All of the food was cold, which was to be expected given it took an hour and 45 minutes to get to us (almost an hour later than expected). While IR simply could have been having an off night, given the number of Indian restaurants in the area we don't expect to try this one again, for delivery, for eat-in, or for takeout. 2.5 yelps rounded to 3, all for the eggplant dish that was quite good.Now I'm no pro when it comes to Indian food, but this was excellent. The fluffy garlic Naan and Masala was delicious. Everything was delicious. Five of us ate dinner for a very reasonable price and were all very happy with our meals. The staff was super nice, they actually brought us samples of foods to try and a complimentary dessert. I have been back 2 times since then and just as pleased as the first time. BYOB is always a plus.So, I'm getting my wig trimmed, and the barber suggests a BYOB called Indian Restaurant.  I love me a good BYOB.
A couple days later, Cabernet in hand, I walk with a lovely lady, in the midst of a snow storm, to embark on a fine Indian adventure.  I enter and am greeted by a tall, slender manikin dressed in clothing you might find in India.  She was friendly, however, I was a bit confused.  Given the name of the place, I was expecting feathers, leather garb, long braids and a buffet of beef jerky, wild corn, pemmican, smoking tobacco, peyote and other famous Native American delights.
After getting my bearings and realizing that the restaurant served Indian food (like that found in India), although a bit caught off guard, I remained very excited about the meal to come.  
Overall, the food was great, but I think the owners could do a bit to enhance the clarity of the restaurant name.  
The place is a sit down spot, but pretty casual.
Here's what we got:
Lamb Saag -- love Saag.  The sauce is made from pureed spinach.  Looks gross, tastes awesome.  I dig it because it's a meat dish with a solid serving of veg built into the sauce.
Chicken Tikka -- Can't go wrong here.
Mixed Veg Platter -- can't remember exactly which one.  I asked the waiter for a recommendation.  He hooked it up.
It came with rice.
Everything was great!!
Due to the snow, the place was pretty empty.  Although, there was a table of four sitting next to us and we were able to eavesdrop on a interesting conversation about pharmaceuticals, drug abuse, withdrawal, etc.  I'm pretty sure one of the girls was a  medical professional.  Did you know that alcohol and xanax are some of the most dangerous substances to withdrawal from!?!
Service was totally adequate.  They tended to our needs, but didn't bother us.  We enjoyed a long dinner with flowing conversation punctuated only by bouts of hysterical laughter.  A night to remember.
Oh and if you are a crazy paleo weirdo (like me) or gluten free, Indian food is pretty accommodating.   ENJOY!I got take out from this place through Grub Hub. It took over two hours to arrive.  It was bad. Really bad.
We ordered: 
-- vegetable samosas, which were tough (thick dough) and tasteless (bland insides).
-- fish curry, which was oily and strongly fishy-tasting, as if the fish were old or badly defrosted.  Yuck. I felt sick for several hours after eating a few bites.
-- peshawari naan (Afghani-style bread with coconut), which was undercooked 
-- bindi bhajee (okra with tomato), which was passable, but nothing special
-- poori bhajee (puffed bread with chick peas), which was a mixed bag: the poori (bread) was hard, but the chick peas were the best thing in the order, according to my husband (I couldn't bring myself to try anything else after the fish curry).
Also, we asked for the food to be spicy, and it was very, very mild.  No spice to be found. 
We love Indian food, and we are both good cooks who can recognize bad cooking mistakes and poor-quality ingredients. We were expecting to get a bunch of dishes that we could enjoy as leftovers for a couple of days after our first meal. Instead, we threw out what was left.  It was terrible.
For a place that is Not Cheap and Not Fast, this is inexcusable. We will never order from here again, and we suggest that you don't throw your money away on this restaurant either.I had a good experience at Indian Restaurant.  In the realm of what  I would call standard indian (aka stuff you'd find on a buffet) they do it pretty well.
We began with the chaat which was cool, crispy and tangy as advertised.  The rice wafers provided with it along with the 3 chutneys (cilantro, tamarind, and some chile concoction) were very tasty.
For mains, we went with Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala (based on others reviews)  I was more a fan of the vindaloo as it had deep spice and flavor and the lamb actually picked up these characteristics.  The CTM was bland to me and as such, I wouldn't get it again.  It's just not a dish that rings with my flavor profile though others seem to enjoy it.
At the end, the owner indicated that they provided a cash discount.  I understand that small businesses have to pay for transaction fees which cuts into their bottom line.  If you're a cash person, you may enjoy this feature.  I opted to pay on card because that's what I brought.
I would come back here for a meal.  Service was prompt and the food did the trick.I happened to be in the area and just stumbled upon this restaurant. Tried to figure out their yelp reviews, but I was on my phone and with a name like 'Indian Restaurant' ...I had a little trouble. Good thing too, because the reviews are pretty negative and would have definitely deterred me! Sorry guys, my food was amazing! The waiters were super attentive, and the spice levels were super spicy just like we asked. A bit more expensive than other Indian restaurants, but nothing crazy. I had the saag paneer, which coincidentally I just tried to make at home a couple weeks ago. This made me realize how bad my version really was. All around good experience.This has to be the least creative name I have ever heard. I wouldn't have cared if the food was good, but unfortunately it wasn't. 
I am surprised with all the good reviews. Just goes to show that dearth of good Indian restaurants in Philly is causing people to be satisfied with sub par food. The food lacks flavor and my chicken wasn't even fresh, I could not have more than two bites of my chicken. My boy friend loves biryani and he ordered some here. I can tell you this; what came out of the kitchen was NOT biryani. It was some spiced rice with a few pieces of chicken in it. 
The owners of this restaurant  have another restaurant, King of Tandoor which is closer to where I live and they deliver. I would say the food at King of Tandoor is a lot better.Seriously, I have tried Tashan (gross for vegetarian options), Tiffin and other indian restaurants in the city and this place is the BEST. I never do the yelp thing cause I work in a restaurant and think yelp is terrible place for passive aggressive restaurant frequenters but I really like this restaurant and the folks who work there so I think its worth breaking tradition. The Chana Saag!!! is my go-to every time but pretty much everything is good. The folks who work there are super sweet. I think this place is a hidden gem. Please frequent!Okay.  Ordered take-out from here with a group. 10% off if you pay in cash!  It didn't meet my expectations. The eggplant dish I ordered was too sweet, almost like applesauce, and the taste of eggplant was hard to discern.  The saag wasn't the best either.   Fatty lamb.  The chicken was well-spiced, though.
The ambience was romantic, with table cloths and BYO.  Would be good for a second date, if indian food didn't make your breath reek.I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.
This is my go-to delivery spot. Every time I order, I am helped graciously, the food arrives in a timely manner, and the food is just down right good. The gentleman who answers the phone is so nice too, i love talking to him. (Also, this place was open on Christmas Day, no need to suffer through bland Chinese anymore!)
On to the food. My favorite by far is the Lamb Korma. Hints of almond make this dish sultry and mouthwatering. I dip my naan in that sauce. Hell, I would dip my finger in this sauce and it eat it. It's that good.
The Naan....oh, the naan. I dream about this bread. I just want to dip the whole thing in my lamb korma and go to town. 
Bhujia- Onion Fritters....the last time we had them they weren't great, but they usually are really fluffy and flavorful. I like to dip mine in the brown sauce they give you, but my husband prefers the tomato. The green sauce isn't bad either. And another thing, way to go Indian Restaurant with the three dipping sauces! They add an additional flavor to each bite, and I love dipping the naan in each of them for a completely different and unique flavor. The green is spicy, but oh so wonderful.
I don't care for the kebobs. They are like mushed up chicken. Not my favorite, but it was worth a shot. I also wasn't a fan of the Galub Jamun. I thought i would really like this one, but it just didn't hit the mark with me. It was a little too dry for my taste.
I am a big fan of the delivery, but have yet to try dining in. However, if you choose to try Indian Restaurant, do not forget to order the naan. Naan.Great place! I came here with my bf several times, and everything was delicious. Place is very pleasant, clean and romantic. Service was very good, the only thing I would like to be better, are waiters that speak better English. It was hard to understand each other. But in general, an awesome place for a date, just dinner, brunch or lunch.This is the best first day of spring snow-day ever. I ordered Chana Chat (spicy), Lamb Tikka Masala w Garlic Naan and Rasmali for dessert. Perfect food for this type of weather!After several times ordering from here without a problem, my latest experience with Indian Restaurant has soured me forever. Placed an order online, waited about 75 minutes before getting a bit impatient (they were usually there within 30-45 minutes). No one answered. Called again. No answer. 
Had to call GrubHub, who then put me on hold while they called the restaurant. I guess they finally got through because someone there said my food was on the way and would be there within 10 minutes.
Fast forward 25 minutes... no food. Call restaurant. Someone eventually picks up, tells me my food will be going out soon. He just doesn't know when his driver is coming in. 
So they were lying to me (and to GrubHub) the whole time. They had no idea when or if they would ever deliver my food, but had no problem wasting nearly two hours of my time (and taking my money). 
Canceled my order and will never eat there again.Been here ton of times. Chicken saag is amazing!!! Order online and get 10% off. Chicken tandoori flavors are good though a bit dry. Love this placeThe best Indian spot I've found in the city. We got take out that arrived promptly and extremely hot. I have never gotten delivery or take out that tastes as good as a dine in meal, but they did it... Amazing!Meh, mostly bland food. Some of the portions are small too. I got a shrimp dish recently and it was a handful of shrimp in a tub of sauce, definitely not enough food to eat for dinner. Also, the last time I got food delivered they brought the wrong order. I was really rooting for this place but they fall short.I ordered delivery from Indian Restaurant tonight. Chicken Tikka, Samosas, and Naan. I was pleasantly surprised. If you're not looking to go out to dinner or are looking for an easy BYO, Indian Restaurant is a good choice.Clean, great service, food was pretty good too, and it's byob - it's was a pleasant dinner, going back for sure!PROS: Mango Lassi, Naan, Veg Samosas
CONS: overcooked Chicken Tikka Masala (very dry) and Shrimp Tandoori Masala (pasty); steep price for Indian take-outLove it!!! Best vindaloo I've had by far in Philadelphia. Good service. Rice puddling was amazing wished the serving size was bigger.SUPER good indian food! Great ambiance, BYOB, excellent service...what more can I say? Oh yeah...that we paid $50 for FOUR people, of which 3 are guys?? can't beat it!My husband and I eat at Indian Restaurant a couple of times a month.  The food is Bangladeshi, and we love it for an inexpensive evening out.  It is a BYO, which is always nice, and we are always treated well by the staff.  I love the saag paneer.  This place cannot be beat in terms of value or service!"Where do you want to get dinner tonight?" "Indian Restaurant" "Okay, which one?" "Indian Restaurant!"
Lack of creative name aside, I'm so happy to have found out about this place. It's by the same folks from King of Tandoor up on Callowhill, which was my favorite Indian food in the city but sadly on the complete opposite side from where I live so had become reserved for special occasions when we felt like driving and looking for parking. One look at Indian Restaurant's menu and I got excited; favorite entrees ordered and I was happy. The food is just as good as the other location, and the menu just as extensive. Definitely try the dumpakhts, which I've only ever seen on these two places' menus. And little touches like free papadam to start and rice pudding to finish make it a lovely dining experience as well.
The only thing holding back the 5 star rating is the service. The guys here are very nice, but they seem to forget about you once you're done eating. Not that I want to be rushed out after a meal, but when they stop filling the water but don't bring the check it gets a little frustrating.Cannot recommend this restaurant enough. The food is incredible, the service is impeccable, and the delivery time is astonishingly fast. This is the best thing to happen to G-Ho restaurant wise in a long time. As great as delivery is, I went there last night with my mom and wife and the service was impeccable. Had great suggestions when he heard what we liked and dropped us off a little rice pudding sampler free of charge at the end. The name is pretty bland but the service and food are anything but.I used to live nearby before moving away from Philly, and when I come back to visit I make sure to come here to order the chickpea appetizer. My favorite item on the menu! The rest of the menu is solid. The staff is incredibly welcoming. I definitely miss this restaurant.Decided to come here with a friend visiting from out of town. Both of us were really impressed with the lamb curry and the chicken biryani. Strong flavors and decent portion size. We went a little crazy with the naan, but well-worth it to pair with the food. We idiotically ordered two orders of it, but one is more than enough. Loved also the crispy flatbread appetizer.They don't know how to treat customers. Two tables were literally pushed out of the place because it was approaching 10pm. Before that they refused to take an order at 9.45pm because "the kitchen had closed."
If your workers have to go home at 10pm then make sure you close the restaurant at 9.30pm so that people can still eat in peace.
Disappointed!My fiance and I decided to try here for lunch. We were the only two in the restaurant, yet the service was terrible. We ran out of both rice and water and the server never bothered to check in on us. Once we finished, we had to wait for him for 10 minutes! He ended up sitting at an empty table with his ear buds in, talking on the phone and never even looking over! I had to yell to get his attention. Extremely rude. The food was very meh, so I don't think I will be returning.I have been here a few times now along with their other restaurant King of Tandoor over on Callowhill. The food is not bad but they don't have any competition over here so It's consistently average Indian. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here but I do find myself in this neighborhood quite frequently - so I dine here on occasion.I was hesitant of this place based on the generic name, but was craving Indian food and stopped by for a late lunch. I ordered the malai kofta and garlic naan and both were extremely sweet. The spices were overpowered with sugar. 
The service was fine, and my food wasn't inedible but just not the flavors I was expecting.First time visiting "Indian Restaurant" and as other patrons have stated, wondered why the bland monicker when the environment and savory smells from the kitchen were quite the opposite! My long-time friend and co-Indian food connoisseur was a few minutes late as she had a hard time finding a spot to park. Recognizing this, the manager brought over an appetizer of pappadums and chutneys on the house for me to nosh on while I waited. Very attentive! Onion chutney was probably the best I've had.
For apps, we ordered samosas and the poori bhajee. Both delish and perfectly spiced. Ordered mutter paneer and palaak paneer for entrees. Generous portions of paneer and the sauces were creamy and flavorful. Only criticism was we were never asked a spice level for the entrees and they we're obviously made "white girl spicy" and had no bite! Next time we'll remember to specify how hot we want it! They seem like they aim to please. Then ras malai with gulab jamun balls on top for dessert. Great meal and great service. Wish I lived closer for take-out!Let me get right to it - If you want Indian Delivery in Philadelphia, order from here. I have tried many of the options available, and this is Far and Away the Best Indian Restaurant in the area. The fact it is eponymous with the cuisine served is fitting. This is not merely another place to get food, but rather "The Indian Restaurant".
On to specifics. First, if you are ordering out I believe there is a discount for paying in cash. Food arrives reasonably quick is hot and you are ready to go. I have yet to order anything from the menu that I wasn't thrilled with. As far as takeout goes, this is exceptional. As for eating in - it is rarely a long wait to be seated. The staff has universally been great, and its a BYO to boot. 
To sum everything up, Good Staff, Good Food, Good Price, Good Service. As someone who orders from here at least once per week - you can't really go wrong.I am so torn in this place. Food is delicious and BYOB. However, if your eating in be prepared to wait for a long time. One time we drank our entire bottle of wine before we received our appetizer. Delivery also takes a while. Again- food is amazing though, and if you have the time wait for it!Mediocre Indian food. Guess if you're super hungry for Indian, this will suffice. The creepy mannequin of an Indian woman as you walk into the door really doesn't help my appetite. Why is it there???
I think I'll rather buy Indian simmer sauce and naan at the market to make my own dish. Well, that's what I've been doing. It's better than the food here when I'm craving Indian.Oh, Indian Restaurant, I wanted to like you soo much, especially as you are literally 3 blocks away! But alas it seems like Philly's Indian restaurant scene will continue to be meh.
For what it is worth I ordered delivery, which was quick enough using the online system.
Here's what we ordered:
Shrimp Karai ($15.95)
Alou Mattar Gobi ($10.95)
Saag Paneer ($10.95)
Veg Samosa ($3.50)
Mixed Tandoori App. ($8.95)
The good: All the dishes were serviceable.  Nothing was absurdly delicious, but all were passable.  
The samosa could have used a touch of salt (but were otherwise good) and the saag paneer, while a little *too* rich for me (I love me some cream, but trust I do not need all of that cream) was very tasty.  There were not enough veggies for me in the Alou Mattar Gobi.  In my wee container there were about 4 smallish chunks of potato and about the same of cauliflower.  Listen man, potatoes are cheap, fill my container up!  The sauce while delicious should have something to cling too.  I seriously debated peeling and cooking a couple more potatoes to drop into the sauce last night, but laziness won out and I just poured it over the extra rice.  For lunch today! How long do you think it will be before the secretaries in the office start complaining? My guess is 10 minutes.
Further, while I'm not a giant shrimp person myself, the husband was in a seafood mood so shrimp it was.  Six medium shrimp should not cost me $16 bucks.  That's crazy talk.  The mixed tandoori meat was a better deal, and if I can't swing the hubs into a complete veggie meal, I would probably order just this on the side of my veggies.  
Additionally, I really missed the heat in my food. While I would order again if an Indian craving hit and I had no plans to be in Central Jersey for a while, I would definitely tell them to make my meals very spicy next time.  
So in short (really!): Mediocre. Passable, but not memorable.  Maybe eating in is better?This is usually my go to for Indian delivery. The food is good. The delivery comes quickly. The garlic and onion naan is really good. Tikka masala very good but needs some heat. Shrimp biryani is tasty and you get a lot if it. I don't like the curry dishes but the Acari is really good but, again, could use more heat (it should be noted that I like a lot of heat). The chicken vindaloo is also good but....wait for it...could be spicier. The food is a little pricey for the size of the portions but u have never been disappointed by their food.This was my fist non-buffet try of Indian cuisine.
WHAT HAVE I BEEN EATING ALL THIS TIME?!?!?!
I have been enjoying Thai for a long time and recently fell in love with Korean, but Indian! I loved everything I ate at this place. The chaat I had was great, then the samosa just dandy, but then my main dish came - a chicken masala (my husband had another chicken variation and I liked it even better since it had some coconut) and the minced meat naan was fantastic. I was so full but I still kept trying to eat everything.
The lighting was nice with an installation of neon mood lighting in the ceiling. White tablecloths, and prompt, friendly service. I only wish I had room for something mango afterwards. I will definitely go back.This is my favorite Indian restaurant. I have only done takeout, so I cannot speak to the dine in, but the food is spectacular. I am a regular customer. Highly recommend.My first question about this place was; I wonder how they came up with the name. My only guess is that they decided that the most creative name for an Indian restaurant would be Indian Restaurant because it would always get a second question like... really the place is named Indian restaurant.. WTF... 
I like this place but only if you're dining in. The food is very flavorful, generous portions and very affordable. You will not leave this place hungry, believe me. Oh yeah and did I tell you? Its a BYOB which makes this place a relatively cheap place to eat for really good food. I try and get different dishes every time I go, however my go to meal is the Malai Kofta and Chicken Kadai. 
Only complaint about this place is delivery. The food loses its freshness and is just not as good.Food was ok .ambience was ok.food was too oily.parking was too difficult. Samosa was not too great,they was bland.Don't let the name fool you, this indian food is AMAZING. Chicken tikka, saag paneer, chana masala, it's all SO SO good.
What makes me love this place even more is the fact that people write it off because of the name (and maybe the creepy mannequin hostess). Because of that, you can always get a seat last second on a Saturday night. I've had so many great meals here with literally no planning and no wait.
Crap, maybe I shouldn't post this review... maybe I should keep the secret to myself...The unimaginatively named "Indian Restaurant" barely lives up to its name. The best description I can offer is bland. When I crave Indian, I want spice and depth of flavor. Indian Restaurant left me wanting. I give it two stars rather than one because I feel like I should have known better to expect authentic spices given the name.
The vegetable curry that I ordered was more like a yellow-tinged stew. Since I ordered take-out, I mixed in sriracha and garam masala to give it some flavor. The rice was also bland and wet, and the naan was unseasoned and rubbery. I was so unsatisfied that my boyfriend and I went to Minar (13th and Walnut) the next night.Came here on a Sunday afternoon (sometime between brunch and dinner) and were the only ones in the restaurant after a few take-out customers left. Two employees were hanging around the restaurant and it took us a moment to get their attention but after that they were more or less attentive. I wouldn't say it was the best service I've ever had. They turned on music shortly after we arrived so our conversation wasn't loudly echoing through the empty room.
The food was delicious. Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobi, and Tandoori Mixed Grill. We got a basket of mixed Naan which was warm and crispy and amazing. All of the flavors were great, the cheese in the saag paneer was fried perfectly, and all of the vegetables and meat were cooked perfectly. The only disappointment was that they seemed to be out of chickpeas so our Aloo Gobi was made with cauliflower, potato, and regular peas, which just isn't the same. 
Reasonably priced - five adults ate WELL for around $80. Entrees ran around $11.Officially my go-to for indian food!
The food is good, but what sets this place apart from the others is the SERVICE.
Seriously, the NICEST people! Came here for my sister's bday dinner and the folks here were SUPER accommodating and thoughtful.  They sang happy birthday, brought out ice cream with candles (on the house), it was a lot of fun!
Overall, this place is great for groups and I would definitely recommend it for a fun, perhaps cheesy,  birthday dinner :)  Also, bonus points for being a BYO.I went to this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews. Although the service was excellent, the food lacked flavor and substance. I did not think that I had been spoiled by Indian food, but this place made me think I had. I ordered the Aloo Nan, and it hardly contained any potato. I also ordered a vegetarian dish that was very unimpressive.I would describe Indian Restaurant as very "home-style" Indian food.  That being said, I'd rather have restaurant quality if I'm going to order from one.  Most of the food is just rather okay, and I could make much better at home.  I prefer New Dehli in UCity or any of the Tiffins for a similar price-point.I really enjoyed the food here because it was not overly spicy or oily. I also liked the location and decor inside. Now the wait staff are another story...not exactly the friendliest service, but hey, the food made up for it! Love the fact it's a BYO also. Bring a sweet, white wine and you can't go wrong!Nice addition to South St.  Good quality Indian fare at a reasonable price. BYOB. Friendly staff, nice decor. Same owners as King of Tandoor (they need to work on the current generic name for sure). Hope they can expand and add a take-out section-  the constant foot traffic across the dining room to pick up orders was a little annoying.  Overall great new place.We went there for dinner after searching yelp for a good Indian restaurant. We loved it. The interior is not really shiny, but the food is really good and so is the service. The bread is fresh and really yummy. When u go, try the mango lassi (mango juice w/ yogurt drink) it was the best I had in a long time. We'll definitely go back soon, and they have delivery too, which is great.Doesn't get better than this in center city. Having grown up on Indian food, I request it to be made Indian spicy and they get it right every time! Great food for the price. This is my new fave dinner spot!!So grateful this place is only a few blocks away! Thanks for finally bringing delicious Indian food to Graduate Hospital. 
I've done a few takeout and sit-down meals here now and have nothing but glowing reviews. The portions are great, the service is great, the food is yummy and they don't mess around with their level of spice. I know this because Boyfriend, in some quest to prove his tastebuds are superior to mine (unnecessary, given that I sometimes find seltzer to be too spicy), requested his meal "really spicy" and then chugged half a bottle of wine to cool his mouth down. Boys.
If I get an order of paneer tikka masala, I'm guaranteed dinner and lunch the next day. Not bad, considering I generally don't leave leftovers when it comes to Indian food.So, I was visiting Philly along with my friends and my friends wanted to visit an Indian restaurant and so we yelped up a few restaurants.. and finally zeroed in on this one.. Initially we were very apprehensive about the reviews over here because we wanted something very spicy and indianized and we were not sure if this restaurant would fit in.. We ordered Chicken Malai kabab and Lamb chop.. They were delicious... Then we tried Chicken Vindaloo and Lamb Garlic curry and they were really nice as well!!!I've been in search of a reasonably priced quality Indian restaurant for years.  I think this could be the one. The Chicken Tikka was amazing.  The Chana Masala was a little on the oily side. Food was not quite as spicy as I'd hoped, but still very flavorful. Delivery was very fast and both the man who took our order and the delivery man were very pleasant.  Looking forward to ordering from Indian Restaurant again.Finally an indian place in rittenhouse. And a great one at that! 
I had the lamb korma, which was the most balanced, flavorful korma curry I've ever had. I'll be going back again and again...Food is barely passable. The chicken "biryani" here is a joke. It's just fried rice with cubes of chicken in it. Not sure about the other dishes here, but if you're looking for biryani, keep looking.I ordered a lassi, waited for 15 Minutes, got a really bad thing. I couldn't take a couple of sips as it was incorrigible. It's not even about the quality of food, but its about the service. I was rushed to order when I just was asking for some time, the server stared at me . The server poured water onto my dress, table and onto my cell phone and didn't even apologize. It's the worst place I've ever eaten.For appetizers, I enjoyed getting vegetable samosas but I found the chickpea dish to be very plain. I shared chicken tikka masala for the entree and a stuffed naan. Overall the food was okay but nothing stood out to me. The service was good and we were given complimentary mango ice cream for desert.Kids need to have mild food and we mentioned while ordering but came out very spicy. However manager was very kind to change it with a mild one.  I ordered  Dal makhni  spicy.  It was nice and tasty except missing a Punjabi flavor.  Chicken Tikka masala was average comparing to NYC restaurants  and lamb biriyani was alright.  Service was good..
Notes for the management:  whenever next time print the menu, some slight changes to be made in the food names, motor paneer will be mutter paneer and pillow rice to be pulao  rice.It was one of my freinds birthday today,so i choosed indian restaurant my favrite place.i had checken tandoury it good and fresh , lamp samosa and alu nan.one of my freind got checken saag,an other had lamp shop tandoury he wanted to eat the bonnes to ;-)  .we had checken masala,saag panner,and chana masala .the food was good .i was happy that my freind liked my favrite place .keep up guys you are doing great jop :-)If you like King of Tandoor on Callowhill St. you will like this place too (same owners).  Nice decor and friendly service.  High quality food.  Special mention for the insanely good Afghanistani coconut bread, try it instead of the typical naan.  I like how they are open later than many restaurants in the area.I was beyond excited when I heard the second King of Tandoor was opening in my neighborhood.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and my BF got the Motor Panir.  We ordered naan to accompany.  Everything was very flavorful.  I could have used more rice, we only got one portion to split. 
I would give a higher rating but the food caused stomach issues to my BF the next day.  I was fine the next day but the leftovers made my stomach hurt too.  I enjoyed the way everything tasted but something was perhaps not fresh enough, I am guessing the dairy since I ordered chicken and my BF got a vegetarian dish.  I hope they are just ironing out some wrinkles and they'll step it up a little.It's a shame I have to write this review.  I normally like this place, but I went in last night with four other people and the waitstaff were unbelievable.  They double charged us for things, also charged us $13 for a basket of bread and when I asked to see it on the menu they said "it wasn't listed."  That's a scam.  We paid for everything though because we didn't feel like bothering to fight with them.  Not planning on going back though because who wants to go to a restaurant that charges you for food you didn't eat and makes up astronomical prices for unlisted menu prices.  They also stood at our table and hovered over us while we filled in our cc receipts.  What are you doing?!?  
Watch your bill, they're shiesty.Food is delicious but last two times we ordered on their website, it took 2 hours for the delivery, which is pretty bad for proximity to our apt. I understand that things happen, but no courtesy heads up and they didn't really seem to care when we called to check on the order.This USED to be my go to Indian restaurant in philly. Only because they were the few Indian restaurants that offer bindi masala near me. The food I have to give 2.5 stars, it's made for the American palette. But the main reason why I will be choosing to spend my money elsewhere and will not be returning, is my sister and I tried to dine there tonight we came in a little before 930 and one of the guys (I'm guessing the manager or owner judging by the way he was dressed differently than the other waiters) was already huffing and puffing that we came in, wasn't pleasant or welcoming, he just simply said we close at 10 ok so you need to hurry and order. He sat us down and came back with our menus and repeated that we need to hurry, order the food, eat and leave by 10 sounding very impatient and angry and not at all in a pleasant manner. He didn't sound like he wanted us or our business there so I said to my sister I don't feel like supporting this business and we got up and left. 
To the manager who rudely "served" us, if you are reading this, I just want you to know we already knew what we wanted, we've frequented your restaurant so many times. And now I will never recommend your restaurant to any of my friends.I love this little Indian restaurant. I visit here at least once a month, if not twice. The ambiance is nice and quiet and i love that it is just simple. I can always count on them to have authentic food. The staff is nice and the prices are decent. This is a byob, so dont forget!Such a great dining experience- the food is great and the staff is so friendly! I also love ordering out; it's a quick delivery and if you pick up on site, they're really nice and give delicious juice/smoothie type drinks if you have to wait for your order. Definitely my favorite Indian restaraunt in Philly!Ok, so how cool is it that this place is called "Indian Restaurant"? Um, sign me right on up for that. My best friend and I have a pretty long-standing tradition of eating Indian food together, so we yelped this place and met up.  We always end up ordering the same things wherever we go: Samosas, Chicken Korma, Saag Paneer, and garlic Naan. WINNING! This place had the BEST of all of these foods that we had ever tasted. We eat Indian cuisine in Jersey, DC, NYC, everywhere that we meet up. This was just simply the best that we had had of these particular dishes. Vegetable samosas were fantastically crisp and delicious, the Korma and Saag had a delectable flavor that was different from others we have tried, (very gentle and aromatic, elegant!) and the naan was huge and fluffy with a perfect consistency.
Ambiance was ok, more on the quiet/borderline awkward side, so definitely a place to go if you've got plenty of time and want to chat, which for us was great because we were in no rush and we had a lot of catching up to do! The food was just simply excellent and really reasonably priced. We got out of there for 20 bucks each, and next time, we will take advantage of the BYOB.
Hope they don't ever change the name of this place.... it's just part of the charm!Best Indian Restaurant I've been to in quite a while. Excellent Samosas, Korma, and Nan. Prices are great, especially for Philadelphia. The name is genius, something you will never forget. The menus are well organized and clear as well. Hope to return on several occasions.Very good Indian food for a decent price. I got the lamb dish that was tender and didn't taste gamey.This place is awful. We ordered delivery because it was freezing out, didn't have any food in the fridge, didn't feel like walking to the grocery store, thought Indian food sounded good, and didn't want to order from Tiffin or Ekta because we knew it'd be cold by the time it got here. Big mistake. Especially after my previous review in which I vowed to never eat here again.
We ordered lamb karahi, which would have been uneventful if not for the tough pieces of lamb that made the dish just plain bad. The real kicker, though, was the shrimp briyani, which was the most depressing briyani I have ever seen. Rice, 5 pieces of shrimp, peas, and the nastiest looking tomato slice ever. The cashews and golden raisins in the description were nowhere to be found, and the whole dish was fishy tasting.
On the bright side, we called GrubHub to complain, and they gave us a gift certificate. I can certainly say that I'm following my instinct this time and skipping this place for good. The star is for GrubHub's customer service, not the restaurant. The restaurant gets zero stars.Whenever I'm in the city with my friends and we want indian food, we always come here!! I always get the chicken tikka masala with naan that comes with their basmati rice. It ALWAYS hits the spot. The service is excellent, very nice people! Love this place! :)Tried something new tonight - Lamb Dumpakht.  It's sort of like an Indian potpie with wonderful spices and melt-in-your-mouth lamb.  We usually make our roti at home as theirs isn't the consistency we like.
The online ordering is easy and it even saves past orders if you want a repeat.  The delivery usually is about 15-30 min longer than the quoted "first available", but total time is about the same as from any of the other decent places in Philly.
We haven't dined in the restaurant, but all-in-all a decent choice when I'm not up for cooking all day for the food my husband grew up with.Fantastic lamb chops, wonderful mulligatawny, lamb samosas, and lamb pasanda!
The restaurant may have an uninspired if accurate name; a couple bad reviews might make you second guess this choice. 
Don't be discouraged. 
This place has well-prepared, flavorful, fresh food. 
Small areas for improvement?
The naan is not wonderful, and the rice pudding was disappointing. 
Small prices to pay for otherwise excellent food at great prices.Wow!  Great Indian Food in Rittenhouse Square for a good price.
Chana chat was delicious!  Going back for more of this.  Lamb samosas were excellent!  Just spiced ground lamb with no other fillers.  
Lamb vindaloo was very spicy and best I've had in a long time.
My friend had shrimp biryani.  Not the best ,  Biryani was great but shrimp were pretty small and not too many,  Other than this, a perfect meal!
I'll definitely be back!!!  Thanks, again yelp for steering me in the right direction.I have been here 3 times and always enjoy it. I usually get the chicken tikka masala dish with the naan and it's delicious! My hubby likes the veggie samosas. Byob is always a plus.We ordered saag paneer and lamb achari. I thought both dishes were meh, lacking in depth. There were about 4-5 pieces of lamb in the lamb achari. At that rate, you're paying about $3-4 per chunk of lamb, so you'd better savor it. I don't know. If you live in the neighborhood and don't have a way to get up to Tiffin or Ekta, it's okay, but I probably won't be going back.Have only been here twice for takeout, but very good each time. Tandoori mixed grill expensive ($15) but generous. They threw in pudding and bread with my orders. 
Four stars b/c it's kind of pricey, but a welcome addition to the neighborhood.I order regularly through GrubHub. Delivery is always accurate, hot, and ahead of the estimated time. The quality and quantity for their prices is hard to beat.
Favorites
Chicken Vindaloo (be sure to specify how spicy you want it)
Naan
Daal Makhani
I'm not vegetarian but their vegetarian options are too good to ignore.
Best indian I've found in Philly.We are just home after a delightful "date night" dinner at "Indian Restaurant." 
There are several reasons we will always be glad to return.
 It means a lot to me to be welcomed so warmly by everyone who helps  us through our meal. 
After we admired a steaming dish being delivered to another diner, a member of the staff cam over to show us a video of the flaming oven it had been prepared in!
Prices are so reasonable we could order up everything we wanted to try. Delicious! With a gracious surplus of rice and the remains of my main dish to enjoy the next day.
We both enjoyed the soft lighting and the classical Indian background music. Look out! I'll bring my tabla next time!
Thanks for a "Let's do that again" evening:-)Mediocre flavors, pricey, and oh yes, I'm currently violently ill. Never, ever again.I love their chicken korma, which I get as a take-out dish regularly.  Even my sweetheart, who does not like Indian food, enjoyed the chicken tandoori and the naam bread.  Dining at the restaurant is just a ho-hum experience, but I LOVE the take-out, as I live right around the corner.  If the creepy mannequin of an Indian woman at the entrance doesn't scare you away, you will enjoy the food!Went here with co-workers for lunch.  And although service was a little slow, we were treated very well and given complimentary appetizers.  The food was excellent and worth the wait.  Not traditionally what one expects from an Indian restaurant but a lot healthier.  Well worth checking out.based on the most recent reviews, i thought twice before i ordered from this restaurant. however, i was craving indian something fierce and this was the closest restaurant to me.
thank god i didn't heed the previous reviews! i ordered the lamb bhuna and raita online which was super easy. (i always test out the quality of my indian and pakistani restaurants by ordering lamb or goat. both meats can be difficult to cook appropriately, and if it's done right, you can count me as a future customer.)
my lamb was incredible! there were at least 8 or so chunks of perfectly cooked lamb in a rich spicy tomato sauce. it was the perfect amount of heat. my dish came with a huge order of basmati rice and three different accompaniments (a very spicy but delicious 'salsa verde', spiced onions, and i'm guessing tamarind sauce which i didn't use.) i only ate part of the rice with the lamb and used the 'salsa verde' and raita to add another layer of flavor.
based on how quickly my food was ready and the ease by which it was to place my order online, i'll definitely be back. hopefully, the previous reviews were flukes because i want several repeats of today's meal in the near future.
bonus 1: you can put specifications on each thing you order online. por exemple, i'm gluten intolerant and noted that restriction on each of my items. when you check out, you can choose delivery vs pick-up and credit card vs cash. 
bonus 2: 10% discount on my online orderLove this restaurant. Nicely organized menu, great variety, fresh food, and great prices. Love the name, which is hard to forget. Prices are just right. Will return monthly.I've ordered from Indian Restaurant several times because the Paneer Makhani is pretty good. But to me, if you can't trust the restaurant to deliver what you ordered, it's not very useful, so I'm giving this place two stars.
If you order two entrees, they will give you the same amount of rice you get when you order one entree, in just one container. The guy on the phone said I could have specifically asked for two containers of rice--apparently I was supposed to be psychic and expect less food than I'd get ordering two entrees separately. After arguing with him over the phone about why this doesn't make sense, he finally had someone deliver more rice. I just don't know why it's foreign to them to deliver two meals in a way where two people both get to eat what they paid for.
Last time I ordered, my entree container last time was about 2/3 full. In my few times ordering diet Coke, I've gotten caffeinated diet Coke, decaf diet Coke, and diet Coke lime, so be specific if you need caffeine or don't like flavors. The desserts and the mango lassi are not good; I am not at all picky with stuff like this and I couldn't take a second bite/sip.
If you go to this place in person and get just the regular entrees, you'll probably be fine. If you order delivery, you're taking your chances in a lot of ways.Went for lunch with 3 other people. It's a nice little neighborhoodie place, small dining room but there was only one other table occupied. The staff were very attentive but the 'sides' were a little smaller than we expected. Everyone enjoyed their meals, I had the shrimp curry which was very flavorful although I was hoping for a little more spice.Wanted to order food online and have it delivered - at Indian Restaurant, you can have that!
Prices are cheaper than some of the acclaimed Indian restaurants in the area and the food is right on par with them too.  The garlic Naan smelled and tasted heavenly and my Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious.  
Delivery was prompt and friendly.  Will definitely be ordering from Indian Restaurant again.I've passed this place on my walk home from work countless times over the past four years and finally decided to stop in last night because I was starving and craving Indian food. It was my first and last visit. One, the man who seated me seemed irritated that I was dining alone and gave me the option to sit next to the door - it wasn't exactly balmy weather, but whatever. I sat at the next table over and was quite chilly throughout dinner. 
I ordered their lentil soup and shrimp curry. Their "lentil" soup was reminiscent of Campbell's tomato soup, slightly dressed up with some additional flavors, a narrow lemon wedge, and a few flecks that must've been lentils. Not appetizing in the least. Fortunately, they provided lentil bread and the accompanying sauces (I always forget what these things are (chutney?). Then they served my main entree, the shrimp curry, which was pretty good, albeit very, very mild. It was good. Not as good as other places I've eaten though. 
They kept my water glass filled, but no one ever asked how my meal was. However, I observed that the couple next to me received much more attention, and the server even asked how their meal was and continued to accommodate them. I was essentially ignored. When I was finished, they cleared my plate and dropped my check. No offer for dessert or tea. Still no one asked how my meal was. So I'm taking the opportunity now to share my feedback.
Interestingly, when I was first seated next to the couple, the woman commented how she had never seen the restaurant so busy. It wasn't full, but they did have a large party of maybe 10 in the back. Like I said, I've walked by countless times over the years and it never looked very busy. Now I know why. Mediocre food. Mediocre service. I won't be back. There are other good Indian restaurants in this city.
(My former go-to Indian restaurant closed a few months ago, so I'm still exploring other options closer to home. I can check this one off the list. But if they want to improve, they should take some lessons from Karma - awesome food, fantastic service!)The food is okay and not worth the hassle which I am sharing with you. Between the excuse and lies from the manager, I was exasperated and cancelled my order. Read on if you want to know why.
Although my email order confirmation and their website stated my food would be ready at 12:30pm, he said I would have to wait until after 1. Ok I'm willing to wait if there's cause and warning, but I was picking it up and the restaurant was empty. They had nothing other than my order to cook and weren't delivering it. Strike 1. They offer a discount if you pay in cash but my order did not qualify and he could not explain why this was the case. Strike 2. Then he tried to force me to pay in cash although I met the minimum price for credit. Strike 3. I promptly cancelled my order and got Chinese next door in under five minutes. This restaurant is often empty and I like to support local businesses but not when it's clear they don't want my patronage.It's an Indian Restaurant. The food is delicious. Dining in is delightful. Takeout is terrific. Bring cash.This restaurant had great food at a very reasonable price. Amazing service to boot. The cuisine was delicious. Also has nice atmosphere a relaxing music. I would highly recommend this friends.On business on Philadelpia and gaev this restaurant a try. 
the service was friendly, helpfull and good. the setting nice although a bid dark. Found parking right in front of the restaurant (have to pay until 8 pm)
Ordered samosa, mango lassie, shrimp tandoori masala and whole wheat roti.
The samosa was not freshly baked, but the taste was good, The mango lassie I give a 7 out of 10. Too much ice in it. ireally liked the shrimp tandoori masala. nice balance between shrimp and spices. The whole wheat roti was baked too long (almost hard). I have eaten way better baked whole wheat roti's in silicon valley.
Total price: $24.95 (cash).
Oveall not bad at all but definitely not the best.Food was very tasty, we had the Samoosas and fried chick pea starter, as entree Chicken Biryani. All really delicious. 
Reasonably priced, gracious service. Highly recommended.Unassuming little place with excellent food and service. We were very well cared for. Try their specialty either chicken or lamb dumpakht. We had the lamb and it was outstanding. Very warm atmosphere. Absolutely delightful. Thanks for the tip Yelp....from Boston.Great indian food. The Chicken Saag is my fav! Chicken Briyani is also fantastic. Friendly service. You get 10% off online take out orders too with the code they have on their website. Cozy atmosphere in the restaurantTerrific restaurant! We went here on a whim and plan to come back! I got the Lamb Dumpakht, which is baked with bread over top, similar to potpie. They said it was the house specialty. It took a little longer to cook than other dishes, but it was worth the wait!  Amazingly flavorful lamb and delicious bread to go with it. The staff was lovely and very accommodating when we had to leave quickly for a show. I can't wait to go back and eat here again!!!The lamb samosas were delicious and the spices were eye opening - the cardamom was pronounced but not overwhelming.  They sent four dipping sauces with my order and the tamarind one paired really well with the samosas.  The raita was a cool creamy complement to the hot and spicy lamb biryani.  The meat was tender and the pepper level was just right for my palate (I have a higher than average tolerance for pepper, so this might be a bit spicy for sensitive individuals).  My only complaint (and the reason for the three stars) is that there were no raisins or cashews in my biryani despite the fact that they were written in the description (I ordered delivery from grubhub - which came really quickly!).  The price was great and the quality of the food was top notch - I will definitely order from here again.We ordered takeout, so I can't say much on their table service but they give you a 10% discount on your order if you pay cash. We had the chicken tikka masala and the aloo gobi. We also ordered a side of garlic naan, which left something to be desired - it wasn't very garlicky and ours was a bit burnt. The portions are generous though and I thought the aloo gobi and the chicken tikka masala were excellent. Really flavorful and filling! They give you so much rice (no added charge like some stingy restaurants) with your order - which is awesome.Very very friendly staff.  I was given a free Mango Lassi the first time I was there waiting for my take out order.  All our orders were full of flavor and skillfully cooked to tender goodness.Tremendous quality - the food is worthy of a 5 star rating. One of the best Indian restaurants in Philly or NYC. Service is impeccable, the setting is comfortable and the BYOB option makes this a weekly destination for us and friends who come to town. The quality of the food is consistently fantastic. And the spices are bold but not overpowering. This is a gem ... !! We are so proud and lucky it's only a few short blocks away. 
(also, take out is fantastic and fast!!)Indian Restaurant has redeemed themselves thanks to a solid effort on our takeout order of chana masala and basmati rice. Sure, it's not a lot to go off of, but it was a marked improvement over their previous offerings, and they are the best option available in the neighborhood.We were a little put back by the generic name, but thankfully the food was anything but. The samosas were great, poppadums fine (but maybe a little old or had been sitting for a bit), and our saag paneer and shrimp biryani were excellent. Service was good, and the people were friendly, so what more can you ask for on a rainy day? We were the only ones to eat in, although a few walked in for orders. I imagine it's popular, as there was a steady stream of pickups even WITH a torrential downpour.
Also, everything came out really quickly. Blame the lack of eat-in customers if you want, but they were pushing out to-go orders at the same time and it was still faster than we are used to:)I wasn't expecting much from someplace called "Indian Restaurant" but my delivery order tonight was really pretty bad. I got vegetable samosa, grilled meat appetizer and chicken karahi.
The samosa was way greasy and oily, and the filling nothing great.
The grilled meat appetizer was the best thing I ordered, which is not saying much. I think the best item in there was the green chicken kabob, probably reshmi kabob if you want to order off the menu. The bottom of that dish was also oily... for unclear reasons as it's all dry kabobs.
Chicken karahi - you guessed it, oily. Also, I kept getting bits of rawish ginger (ew) and the flavors nothing special.
Would not order again.For a while now, our chief food-related complaint about Philadelphia has been the dearth of decent Indian restaurants.  (You know a city's in a bad way when Buffalo, NY is outperforming).  San Samosa is a joke, Minar Palace is too meh for words, Palace at the Ben is too fancy/expensive for what we normally have in mind when we think 'Lamb Vindaloo,' and the stuff over by University City either won't deliver to us or is too far to walk for a curry.  But FINALLY, on March 10th, our prayers were answered -- in the most literal way possible.  INDIAN RESTAURANT opened its doors on the super-convenient 1600 block of South Street.
We've ordered delivery a couple of times, which was always satisfying. The only possible complaint is that they only provide one serving of rice, even if you order two curry dishes.  We finally decided to stop in for dinner after an early-evening pediatrician appointment down the street.  Our daughter adores Indian food, so it was great to be able to take her out to such a kid-friendly place.  That's not to say it's like a Chuck-E-Cheese or anything, but the staff was very friendly and welcoming, and we didn't feel like pariahs for daring to bring our offspring out to a dining establishment.  We went back again, just the two of us, for a late-night dinner-date, and the experience was equally pleasant.
On to the food -- it's great!  Good levels of spice, the meat is high-quality, the na'an is among the best I've had.  All the flavors are authentic, full-bodied, aromatic, and utterly delicious.  The textures are to die for as well.  The kheer is yummy, and the mango lassi delightful.  
Finally, the staff is just great.  It's certainly just our opinion, but we like that they don't hover, but don't ignore you either.  You may need to flag them for the bill at the end, but that's small price to pay for an intimate dining experience.I have ordered from them several times before and loved their food. That is until today, when I received the most bland, tasteless food I have ever had in my life. What ever brought about this drastic change in their food I sincerely hope is not permanent.The food here was great, not all spice but definitely all nice, and so was the service!
They'll start you off with some dipping sauces and chutneys, and of course everything is served family style.  The waiter even brought out a free kheer at the end of the meal!  It may have been what we ordered (lamb with yogurt sauce, and chicken korma) but the food was rich and creamy just as much as it was a little spicy.  Not to mention on a cold December night there is nothing like piping hot spice to light a fire in the belly- probably should have brought some wine to help with that since it's byo too!
The only critique I have of this place is the name.  For as much character as the food had you would think the name of the restaurant would reflect that, but they could always keep "Indian Restaurant" as a subtitle eh?Good Indian Food and I have had many!!  Just the right amount of heat with balanced flavors.  A must try!!I had dinner last Friday with a couple of my friends I had lam karahi and my friends had chana masala ,lam saag ,3 onion naans ,and chiken tandory...the food was really good. The stuff were friendly and helpful. tamp up to you guys you are great.....Delicious or not (it's just ok), I was so taken aback by the rudeness of the delivery person this evening!  I frequently order from local restaurants who deliver to me, and every time they do, the delivery person comes up to my apartment door, rather than asking me to come down to the lobby (I live 13 floors up).  In this case, the delivery person called me to say they were here, and I then said "no problem, you can come right up!"  He growled, "No, you have to come down."  When I reached the lobby, he had left the food sitting there, unattended.  Like, someone could have just said, Oh, free dinner, I'll happily take that.  I do not plan on ordering from here again.  Plenty of other options.We really love the food here, especially the Chicken Khorma. However, the delivery service is really frustrating. We live in a high rise, but recently they've refused to bring the food up to our apartment. I know it's a small complaint, but it's also sort of the point of delivery...the convenience of not having to go outside for delicious food! Having to argue with the delivery guy on the phone, then put on shoes and coats to run downstairs really takes away from the experience. I understand it happening once, but it's been every time recently.
I don't think we'll be ordering delivery again, even though we used to a few times a month. Major shame!Bad bad food. Ordered paneer makhani and it was extremely sweet. It was only after a while we figured out that the gravy was made out of mashed up sweet potato.  Has anyone heard of sweet potato curry in Punjabi food. 
Bad dal makhani.no flavor at all. I dont want the dal bukhara, but is it asking too much to want some flavor?? No salt, no nothing that punjabi food is known for.  Horrible lassi.. too sweet.. The appetizer that we ordered, channa chaat was just decent. 
Noth worth ur time and money to eat at this place. Look for something else and south st has way too many other good options.I hadn't been living in the city for long when I heard that Philly lacks good ethnic food, so I was hopeful that maybe this new place could change that. It was by no means the very best Indian- I reserve that title for a little hole-in-the-wall in New Hampshire- I know, of all places for good Indian food, but I digress...
They brought us the pappadum with three very vibrant and tasty dipping sauces/ relishes. So far, we were off to a great start. We ordered the vegetarian samosas for our appetizer, and they were sweet and smoky. I'm used to a potato and pea filling, but the squash (or maybe sweet potato?) and pea filling was a pleasant surprise and contrasted nicely with the crispy exterior and smoky, savory spices. I hate it when samosas are made with a thin, filo-like dough, and these certainly weren't like that, so I was happy. Next, we got the chana masala, saag paneer, and garlic naan, three dishes we more or less use to rate a good Indian restaurant. The naan was fluffy, fresh, and not so greasy, unlike most naans that I have had. The chana masala had good spice and depth of flavor- definitely a repeat. They were generous with the paneer cubes in the saag paneer, and although the spinach base could've had a little more spice (not hot spice, but depth-of-flavor spice), I was glad that my boyfriend and I didn't have to go fishing and fighting for the itty-bitty cheese bits that most (cheap) places hide in their saag paneer. The rice was fragrant, but nothing special other than a good vehicle for the delicious sauces. I was craving something sweet and was glad that they brought us some complimentary rice pudding as we waited for the check.
The service was a tad slow, but you could tell that they are eager to please. We made it out of the restaurant full and happy, vowing that this would be our go-to Indian place when we were craving a something a little more authentic (and cheaper) than Bindi.Delivery arrived hot! Rice was white! What an array of chut-nay. One chutney was mango, and rich, somewhat spiced. None other than the nan to keep me full for hours. Yum nan! Enjoyed an at-home date over Indian Restaurant's vegetarian plates - mine had cauliflower, warmed me, soothed. A good night, made possible by this Indian delight.I don't see how you can get better than this place.  The service is friendly, accommodating and helpful in guiding guests to please their palettes.  I never liked Indian food until I visited Indian Restaurant.  I have tried various items during each visit and never been disappointed.  The vegetable samosas are amazing.  I've always enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Palak Paneer but recently, by recommendation by the owner, branched out to try the Lamb Dumpakht.  The naan is extremely fresh and the accompanying sauces and onions are great.  We have received free desserts on visits and they're tasty as well.
My 92-year-old, pickey-eater grandmother just visited and has never tried Indian food.  I decided to take a chance and brought her to Indian Restaurant with the family.  She was so delighted by the service and food that she hugged the server on the way out.  Can't get any better than this.  And, it's BYO!This is a safe and reliable choice. Food can be excellent, though I have been here and bad medium experiences too. Best Indian food in Philadelphia.I am peeved while I am writing this review. My husband and I went to this place and I was taken aback by the rude and arrogant behaviour by the only person we saw there. All I did was move my chair next to my husband. And, he reacted in a rude manner.I could not understand why would someone do that. We did not eat there. I am really shocked and I would like to reach the owner and have a talk with them. I love Indian food and it is a huge setback. That person is not good to help you run this place because he is going to throw customers out.We ordered the onion fritters (Bhuija), they were very tasty and I'm sure even better if not ordered for take out, as they got a little soggy. The veggie samosas were also delicious and retained their crispy shell on the journey home. The saag paneer was mild in flavor, the paneer was in good sized chunks.The indian food is ok. My wife and I have dined there and have ordered delivery several times. It's nice to have a local spot to order from...or so we thought...
So recently we ordered our usual: chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, naan, samosa. After waiting an hour for delivery, we called the restaurant b/c we had ordered online. We were told that it's on the way and it arrived another 30 minutes later. Then we open up the bag and we have a mystery dish instead of the chicken tikka masala. I called the restaurant back and told them that there was a mistake and the waiter asks me if I'm sure that it's a mistake and starts to describe what chicken tikka masala looks like. I KNOW WHAT CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA IS AND THE CHICKENLESS VEGETARIAN CURRY DISH WAS NOT WHAT WE ORDERED. Then he tells me that they will send it out again but did not hear back from there again. They will NOT be getting our business!2x Happy Customers!  Delicious appetizers, entrees, and accompaniments.  I'm a vegetarian and my husband is a carnivore, we are both big fans of the spice level, taste, and variety of all the food.  We dined in once and ordered takeout online once.  Online ordering is very convenient.  Quick service both times.
I gave this four stars only because when placed my online order, I didn't want to create a profile and I wasn't sure my order went through, so I called and the gentleman on the phone wasn't overly nice.  I'm sure he was annoyed, but his tone was off putting.  
Try it, you'll go back!  The mannequin at the door always fools me!I've only ever ordered food from here on grubhub, and I've only ever had an amazing experience with this restaurant. The veggie korma is my favorite. Everything is always hot and fresh, and the delivery guys always greet me with a smile.
I plan on dining in the actual restaurant soon, but I'm not expecting my 5 star rating to change. The food is just phenomenal.I walked in to get some mixed veggie curry before work started. I was the only person in the restaurant (although there seemed to be a few orders for pick-up) and was told I'd have to wait around 20 minutes. I was gifted some ice cold mango juice while I waited, and I was ready to give this place 5 stars. But then - my food was meh. The curry was mushy and didn't even taste like veggies. The rice was just ok. I'm willing to give this place a second try soon, but overall I'm disappointed by my experience.Rachel T.  your critique is insular and more about yourself than the food.  Indian restaurants are not all made from the same mold.... dishes vary with the ethnographic and religious associations of the owner and the chef - north indian korma curries tend to be creamy, and delicious - north india is also where the dish originated, not Mumbai ... or 'Bombay' as you say.  The korma i tasted at indian restaurant was great, enveloped in fluffy naan... finish with mango lassi.3.5 stars. I have had delivery from here a couple times now--it's consistently good but not amazing. I've tried both the saag paneer and the saag with shrimp, and my boyfriend gets the chicken vindaloo which was too mild when he asked for medium spicy and too spicy when he just went with the normal level of spice. The portions are good sized, and it usually lasts me 2 meals. 
A big plus for this place is their speedy delivery. Both times I have ordered they have quoted me 45 or so minutes for delivery, and they are usually at my door before 30 minutes has passed. I definitely want to dine in sometime soon because it's BYO!Took my parents here for their low key 45th anniversary dinner.  My father, who does not like Indian food at all and was forced by my mother into eating here rated it "there is nothing here I do not like" which is pretty outstanding.
I have been here before and received terrific service both times.  I wanted three instead of two Samosas for an app and they very helpfully obliged.  The Saag Paneer was literally out of this world.  As in, Indian aliens brought it from their home planet because it was so freakin' good.  The mixed Vegetable Curry and the Aloo Gobi were also delicious and I would definitely get them both again.  We also ordered the Aloo Naan which was not sticky, as it can sometimes be, and really added to our dinner.  They also serve many pieces of papadum as an app for everyone.
Someone, without anyone saying anything, the servers gave us free ice cream like it was an anniversary treat.  It was very cute and special and my parents were very happy.  Which made me happy.  So go and maybe you will be happy too!I am one picky Indian food snob :), so I was totally surprised by the offerings at Indian Restaurant (awesome name by the way). Not perfect, but by no means the greasy entrees offered at most Indian restaurants. And with a lack of Indian cuisine in the city, I would totally recommend this place. For apps we started with the samosas (of course). They were flaky and not too spicy. The Imli chutney (the brown tamarind sauce) was great, but I was bummed to see that they did not serve a coriander chutney (wtf- samosas are always served with both :(). The papadams were perfectly crispy and the chana chat was pretty tasty, but not as awesome as the samosas.
As for entrees, the lamb vindaloo was absolutely delicious! Perfect pairing of spices and tender lamb meat. The saag paneer was fine (nothing to write home about). The chicken tikka masala was very good, but its my least favorite dish to order at an Indian restaurant. My friends were all raving about it so it seemed to go over well with the group. The only thing I truly disliked was the bindi. It was greasy and just awful. Other than that the food was tasty, not too greasy, and definitely worth trying...I never got to taste the food due to their unprofessional behavior.
I called for delivery, they gave me a number from a different place to call, after hearing my address which is about 10 blocks from them. I called the place without knowing the name at all, and they say they are really far away. I call the Indian Restaurant back and tell them, the man over the phone protests making mouth sounds, then asks me to walk 3 blocks away from the house to pick my order up. Then I'm like: my baby's sleeping I can't leave the house! Why does it say online they will deliver and when I call they misbehave? 
Too bad for the owner!!!!I love Indian food and this didn't disappoint. The saag paneer and the vegetable curry were great. I loved all the chutneys they brought to the table. I don't normally like rice pudding but I really liked theirs (really thick and topped with coconut flakes).  I really enjoyed the onion-stuffed naan as well. I'm sure I'll be back, maybe for the lunch special next?Really tasty! I wasn't actually sure what to expect when my friends said we were going to eat at "Indian Restaurant." I thought they just meant AN Indian restaurant, not that the name was actually Indian Restaurant. 
We called ahead to reserve a table because it was Friday night and our attempts at eating ramen were already dashed. Well, when we arrived, there was a nice "Reserved" sign and the restaurant was mostly empty. They have these patio doors that open up to the sidewalk, but they were closed that evening. Service was extremely friendly and attentive throughout the evening, except at the end when it took us a good 10-15 minutes to get the check. So in that respect, a lot of the other reviews are spot-on in indicating that service is odd at the end of your meal. But our water glasses were never empty, and there was a lot of swapping out of plates.
Our meal started out with complimentary papadam which are basically lentil crackers. It came with three different chutneys: a spicy chopped onion one was probably the best. The other two were sweet and sour. 
Each of us got a vegetarian samosa to start out with. I liked that the crust was crisp, but it wasn't too greasy. The filling featured the usual chunks of curried potatoes and peas, but also some carrots as well. This was hot and filling and whetted my appetite for the rest of the meal.
We ordered the chicken tikka masala, which was very good, all white meat chunks drowning in a rich tomato cream sauce that almost tasted Italian. It had a slight heat to it. 
I also really liked the chana-saag which is chick peas and spinach in spices. I thought that this dish would be a bit dull, but they definitely added cream because it had a deliciously rich and creamy texture. It was pretty mild in flavor but also quite good. 
The tandoori mixed grill featured a couple grilled shrimp, a lot of grilled vegetables, and an assortment of grilled chicken and some lamb as well. The lamb was a bit on the tougher side, but it still tasted really good, as did all of the chicken. It was a really nice assortment and a very large serving size. 
I didn't try the lamb vindaloo which looked super spicy and had a corresponding chili pepper next to the name on the menu. But my friend said it was excellent. 
And of course, no meal is complete without naan. I tried both the plain and the onion. I liked the plain a little bit better, if only because it seemed a bit fluffier. They also gave us two plates of basmati rice to go with our meals and sop up all the sauces. 
The meal ended with a complimentary dish of rice pudding which was not too sweet and had a good texture. 
I think the bill came out to around $70 for all that food and a mango lassi, which is decent.
I would definitely come back if I were in the mood for Indian food again. And they deliver for orders over $15 within 1 mile!I called Indian Restaurant about hosting a 50 person holiday party.  I was told -- and I quote "We don't care about your large party, we have a larger party that day".  I even tried doing it on an alternate day, and was told it was not a good time to discuss.
I've ordered takeout from here before -- it was about a 3/5 star place.  But being passed off when I'm attempting to book a several thousand dollar event--well that'll keep me from calling them ever again.My Husband & I went here for a late lunch . . . .  the food is great! Love indian food and this was one of the tasty's place in the city so far! Great spot on south street.  The service was good.  We got Saag Paneer & a Lamb dish (I forget the name) but both was delicious!!Great food, great service, BYOB! I was with a group of 15 people when our reservation at another restaurant fell through. They were able to accommodate our group quickly and the food was delicious!First time here and had the best experience. Food was excellent and service was also great. Coming back more often...Decided to give this place another chance after a couple of service hiccups.  What a mistake.  This time, the food was borderline inedible. At varying points, I really thought that they had simply poured water into our dishes because they were diluted, bland, and disgusting.  The tikka masala sauce was drippy and flavorless, chicken was overcooked. The saag paneer was equally drippy and the paneer was also overcooked. Samosas were overfried and crumbly. The naan was unevenly cooked, probably because the dough was uneven and way too thick and chewy. Will never go here or order from here ever again.Atmosphere is nothing special, but the food was good.  Had take-out from here; large quantity of rich and spicy food.  Was a little pricey for carryout, but lasted a couple meals.  I highly recommend their chappati/roti.  All of the dishes we got were good; ordered online and picked up in-restaurant; very easy.Overpriced, mediocre, and poor customer service.  I have ordered from here a handful of times and 2 of those times they confused whether I was picking up or having it delivered.  I've waited for almost an hour and a half before calling to discover that they screwed up.  No apologies are ever offered.  I won't be back.Lousy service. It is Friday night and 1 hour and 40 minutes after ordering my food on the phone i am still waiting. When i called to get an explanation they had no clue where the delivery guy is.
Order somewhere else, horrible placeNot recommending this place to Indian folks. Chicken biryani is horrible and overly priced. Saag alu and Bhindi masala was flavor less and kheema naan had no kheema in it. When we asked our host to replace the curries at least and he said this is how they make it.Best Indian. Period. 
I have eaten Indian food in Philly and in NYC and so far this restaurant offers the most delicious Indian food. I don't normally write a review for a restaurant. But I went to this place twice and both times my friend and I had a wonderful experience -- friendly service and food that is flavorfully delicious. 
Even if you don't particularly enjoy Indian food, you should give this a try.My favorite Indian establishment in the city. My friend/client and I come here regularly for lunch around 1pm on weekdays, and we are often the only people in the place. Still, the food takes time to come out. I don't see this as a flaw. I see this as proof of freshly prepared food, rather than reheated big batches. Have you ever tried making Indian food? It takes time. Lots of time. 
I suggest that you ask your server to recommend something different. We did this last time, rather than ordering our two default staples: mixed grill and chicken tikka masala. The chicken is so tender, it melts in my mouth--especially the tandoori leg/thigh that comes with the mixed grill! 
There is more to curry than tandoori, tomatoes, spices and cream. Try something with white raisins, or ginger, or eggplant. Get the pashwari naan (my friend swears by it! I am gluten-free, so I just eat the stuffing out of it. Yum.)
The green chutney is the best either of us have ever had, so we always order extra, and they always give us a good supply. I'm sure they know and refer to us as "extra green sauce" (and "two bottles of wine" --it's BYOB) when we walk in. 
Mulligatawny soup--yes, please. I recently tried it somewhere else and I couldn't believe it was the same dish. In fact I am certain there must have been a mistake. 
If what you want is an all-you-can-eat buffet, go somewhere else. If you like lunch combos, a quiet, relaxed atmosphere, good front-window people-watching, and a manaquin wearing a wig and a sari to greet you and bid farewell, come here. Just don't take our favorite table or eat all the green sauce.I got a great deal through Living Social's new takeout & delivery option (I paid $1 for $10 worth of food) so I went back and forth over whether I should get Thai or Indian (much like Yelper Michelle C - haha).  I finally settled on Indian since 1) I feel like I get Thai way too often and 2) there were so many great reviews for this place that I had to check it out.  
I submitted my order through Living Social for naan and lamb saag and skipped over to pick it up 15 minutes later.  The restaurant decor is as plain as the name of the restaurant, but that doesn't matter to me as long as the food is good.  
I quickly pick up my order and head back home...something inside me was like "well, that was way too easy, something must be wrong."  I looked into my bag and realized that they forgot my naan.  I NEED MY NAAN!  I head back into the restaurant and they apologized about a dozen times and gave me my naan (thank goodness).  No big deal!  I walked home at double pace, excited to dig into this delicious smelling food.  I was not disappointed!  The saag was awesome with just the right amount of spice and lots of tender lamb, while the naan was warm and chewy.  I devoured everything!
I will definitely be going back here in the future!I had the chicken tikka masala.  On a scale of 5:
staff/service gets a 4
food taste gets a 3 (sauce with naan was great but the chicken was bad)
food quantity gets a 3 (between skimpy and enough to take home)
price gets a 3 (bit high for indian food)
atmosphere 2 (empty, i was the only one to dine in. only one person came in for takeout)I ordered for one person on a Tuesday night and it took over an hour for my food to be delivered. I live 4 blocks away. Once I actually got my food and began to eat it I was completely disappointed. The curry was flavorless, which I didn't even think was possible for curry. The samosa was dry and flavorless also. One star for giving me a large dish of rice for free with my order - which I basically expect when ordering Indian curry anyways. Total flop, doesn't even compare to tiffin.. won't be ordering from here again.Overall: Good for satisfying indian food cravings, but nothing to write home about.
Service: 
Service was adequate.  My date and I were seated after a 10 minute wait on a Saturday night without reservations. Bottle of wine was uncorked quickly, and the water glass was never dry.  The food came out within a reasonable time frame.  We had to ask for the check a few times at the end before it came.
Food:
giant crispy chip with sauces on the side:  The staff didn't explain what this was, so i had to describe it as such.  Not great, not terrible.  I could have done without it.
naan: ordered as a side, which other reviewers have commented on.  Decent quality, nothing special.
chicken tandoori:  Fairly good, enjoyed eating it.  Sauce tasted great.
lamb dumpakt:  Basically a lamb meat-pie.  I liked it, although I will admit that we ordered it only because it was unusual.
vegetable biryani:  Not so good.  I've had much better biryani elsewhere that is spicier and less bland.  I wouldn't get it again.
Drink:
BYO, which is usually a plus.Goodluck ordering from this place. Food is mediocre but the customer service is awful. Normally I wouldn't put up such a harsh review but it is important that others know about this. 
I have ordered from this place twice and both the times I had a terrible experience. Staff is rude. They have some serious attitude issues. The delivery guy even left the food at the reception without calling me up or leaving an apt number . 
I don't  trust them anymore after such nasty behavior and rude comments.The fact that this restaurant's name is a strong candidate for worst in the biz, and that a banner proclaiming their March 10th Grand Opening still hangs in tatters above the awning some 4 months past the date, only add to the charm of this neighborhood spot.  No denying that IR is a great addition to the hood, and a bit of a sleeper.  When they're on their game they churn out some solid indian food, with some good service to boot.  But they're not always on their game.
We've been here about six times and I'd say four of those times have been hits in varying degrees.  But two of those times have been misses.  And our last meal in particular ranked as a big whiff and a bottom basement miss.  We've sampled a decent selection of the menu, but we've settled on our favorite dishes in the Malai Kofta and the Paneer Tikka Masala (okay this is not a menu item, but a special order that they always accommodate!  Big bonus points for that).  This past meal (delivery, btw) the Malai Kofta had plainly been frozen and was not properly thawed when served.  Friggin nasty.  My wife couldn't eat another bite.  I soldiered on for a few more until I couldn't bare it.  And the Paneer Tikka Masala gravy was one note - too sweet, almost veering towards catsup flavor/texture.  Oh how we were disappointed. At least the naan was solid as usual.
Don't get me wrong.  We will be back.  I have faith.  One bad meal won't do me in.  And it looks like they've added a few outdoor seats into the mix. This is the kind of place that quirkily fits and deserves neighborhood patronage... but in return I'd say we deserve a more consistently good spot to dine at.I'm sure it's the same for a lot of you, but for me, all Indian restaurants are measured up to the gold standard of Ekta (and formerly Tiffen)  on a rating scale of 1-10.  (10 being a rating of Ekta)
This place probably rates a 5 or 6 on the Ekta scale.  The inside is cute and the mannequin at the door is kind of creepy.  The service is attentive and friendly.  The food is ok.  I ordered samosas. They were kind of dry and the filling was not very flavorful.  No mango chutney was served on the side. 
I ordered my favorite Indian entree - matter paneer.  The sauce was kind of flavorless  I could tell before even eating it, by the color, that it was going to be kind of bland.  It was missing the fat component (butter I think?) also.  
The naan was tasty and I was too full to try their lassi.  
In summary, my favorite food is still Ekta and my favorite lassi is still Mood Cafe in U City.It's high time I give a shout out to Indian Restaurant. I went in tonight to pick up my usual saag paneer and naan aloo, and in the 20 minutes it took for them to prepare my order, I began thinking about how happy I am to have them in my neighborhood: this is super good authentic Indian food.
I've had saag paneer at a lot of different places and Indian Restaurant does it just right. There is something really special about the texture of the cheeses that always keeps me coming back -- thank goodness the portion size is enough for two meals! The naan aloo is amazing and packed with so many good spices. I once ordered this and brought it to a potluck and it was gone in 15 minutes (probably because the smell is intoxicating).
What compelled me to write my review today is the nice host who brought me a cup of complimentary spiced tea while I waited for my food, which got me thinking that the service has always been really nice every time I've stopped by. There is also something about the music and low lighting that makes me feel a little more relaxed by the time I leave. Not a bad place to grab dinner if you're having a bad day! 
What you need to know: 1. Come hungry. 2. The mannequin in the doorway can easily be mistaken for a live Indian woman. 3. She seems like she'd be a nice Indian woman.After long time i m back to indian restaurant.we had checken tikka ,lamp briany .it was great .i just love their food so much .i missed it all this time!!!!Portion's very small. 
Vegetable delight had french fries in it.
Chicken tikka had small portion of chicken and large portion of rice.
Paratha at $4 had only one piece.food was delish and the atmosphere very nice...tight but nice. mango drink literally made me barf :-/ yep...unfortunately got food poisoning. lost all that chicken tikka goodness.Food was good, but was delivered cold within 30 minutes of placing the order, left me wondering if it was someone else's food. I don't mean "not piping hot", I mean the food was literally COLD. Once reheated, though, it was pretty good.I can't remember what I had, because I visited a while back, but the few dishes we ordered were fantastic. The service was also great. I will definitely return:)Indian Restaurant is ok. I've had much better in the city and for Rittenhouse area I expected much better! 
The sauces are super flavorful but the naan was the worst I've ever had! Also this chickpea app tasted like burnt hamburgers, very gross. 
The service/take out is really fast. Prices are ok. I'd go back but definitely not for the appetizers. 
Step it up a notch!I tried the Indian Restaurant for the first time tonight and it was excellent! For starters, the service was really great--everyone was super nice and courteous, despite a slight language barrier amongst a few. I've never been to an Indian restaurant that wasn't a buffet so I didn't know what to expect, but let me just tell you now...it is soooo much better a la carte! The food is so fresh and flavorful when it's cooked to order. You would think that would have been obvious to me, but I was nervous that I wouldn't know what to order. Not anymore. 
For starters we tried the vegetable samosas, which were much larger than I've had before at other places, and also the assorted grilled meat appetizer.  For our main meal, we had the lamb tikka masala and lamb vindaloo. The tikka masala was very well seasoned, creamy and mildly spicy. The vindaloo, my favorite, was super spicy which is just how I like it. We also had basmati rice and naan bread basket--a must with any Indian meal in my opinion. Finally, I washed everything down with a refreshing glass of mango juice. For those who want more than juice, this place is also BYO which is great. 
Overall I had a great meal here and can't wait to go back to try more!A complete misunderstanding almost had me very dissatisfied with my pickup order. I called, spoke with the manager, told him it was the wrong food, wrong flavors, etc etc. 
Within 20 minutes, the owner brought more food directly to my door, apologized profusely, and explained the difference in the foods I received (butter chicken vs chicken makhani... didn't know there was a difference!) He was extremely courteous, and the food was DELICIOUS. 
That's some good customer service right there.Really, really good Indian food.  I'm no expert on this cuisine, but I know what I like, and everything I tried was delicious.  I ordered a little take out feast to get me through the weekend.  The lamb korma and makhani paneer were delicious.  They aren't spicy dishes, but the flavors were really well developed.  The paneer pieces were huge, and there was a lot of lamb.  The naan was fluffy and warm.  I definitely want to eat in with a bottle of wine, but this is definitely one of the best take out spots in the center city west area.My boyfriend and I absolutely LOVE this place! We have dined in, and it's our #1 go-to for take out. My favorite Indian place was Ekta when I lived on the mainline, and this place is very comparable - and even a little less pricey. You get heavy portions of very fresh food, and it's always in ready-to-eat, perfect condition when we get take out. And for those other finicky meat eaters- the chicken is ALWAYS flawless white chicken breast (and I'm not one to eat the meat at most restaurants). 
We always get the Chicken Tikka Masala with some extra heat and the garlic naan. Why change a working method? It's just delightful. 
The staff is super friendly and very helpful. The first time we dined in, it was my boyfriends first experience with Indian food, and the staff was kindly enthused to teach him how to properly assemble and eat the dishes. They are wonderful!  And now he is just as obsessed as I am. 
Happy eating!!Food was very mild.  Tasted many dishes, but nothing stood out.  No traditional Naan either.  Rice pudding was very well seasoned, but other desserts were underwhelming.I know, people think you're crazy when you invite them to a place called Indian Restaurant. But I want to bring all my friends and family and extended network to Indian Restaurant. I love everything I've ever eaten here and every service experience I've had and even the delivery was good (I thought the naan would be soggy but it was delish!). You really cannot go wrong. The dishes I've tried have the perfect amount of spice and if you're nice (??) they'll give you free kheer at the end of your meal. I think I'm the closest to becoming a regular here than any other center city restaurant at this rate. Just go!I had dinner with my parents and girlfriend there on Saturday evening at around 6pm. We had a reservation that was unnecessary since very few people were in the restaurant. The environment is very nice, with light Indian music playing in the background. The service is frequent and quick in terms of what was brought and when was good. However our server was a bit pushy when discussing a sauce that my mother did not want to use and when my girlfriend was ordering. Overall the food was tasty but not the highest quality in the world.Really nice Indian food, super fast delivery. Could be cheaper.
I ordered chana masala, samosas, and garlic naan.  Came to about 20 bucks. Wanted to make 2 meals out of it to make the price worth it but totally failed and ate it all. Portion wasn't small but it wasn't huge either.I went with a group of 7 and we all ordered different items. Everything was delicious, authentic, and the wait staff was very friendly and attentive, bringing out additional rice, naan, etc, whenever we needed. The menu is affordable. Definitely check it out!Awesome place. Will definitely be going back . Try the fish. It's the region's specialty.Great restaurant.  Great food.  Great service.  The vegetable samosas are fantastic, as is the chicken tikka masala.  Give the place a try, and you'll love it.I'm a fan of this place, and its my go-to spot for Indian food these days.  I've eaten in several times, and I've also ordered takeout as well - each time the food had been delicious and the service/delivery is pretty solid.
I especially enjoy the vegetable samosas, the lamb dumpakht, malai kofta, and chicken tikka masala.
With prices from 9-14 for most main dishes, I think the prices are very reasonable and a good value for the quality.