I'm always glad when a new place opens up in the neighborhood. I've only been here once and it was post-9pm on a Saturday night. A solidly good experience.
The service was great and attentive. Beers were always refilled immediately, and the server was helpful in our selections. My food was just okay- I had the "sausage and smash" and it didn't blow me away, but the menu is so extensive that I will return to try more items- including beers. I drank whatever the Belgian special was, and it was great.
Really glad that they came to Chestnut Hill, and I look forward to their open dining when the weather is warm.Beer.
The right kind of beer.
Food.
The right kind of food.
Service.
The right kind of service.
It amazes me that I found a place like this that I love to this degree.  There are plenty of decent restaurants in the Chestnut Hill/ Mt. Airy/ Manayunk regions.... but man I love this place.
The Vienna Red Lager is my stand by at this point but there are A LOT of good beers.
The right kinds of beers.
The food is impeccable.  Somewhat surprising for a brewery.  Not that brewery's don't sometimes have delicious treats... but full menus, most of the items being a wonderland to the palate.
It is a bit pricey... but man, is it worth it.
In a world full of greasy dives that just don't deliver that old world charm of warmth and good service... this place astounds me.
Go here if you haven't been yet.
Go back if you have.It is our favorite place to get good beers. However the service can be hit or miss. Unless you seat at the bar. 
We sure do enjoy their regular and seasonal beers and burgers. I wish they have an outdoor seating area during the warm season.Great food and always good beer. I've been to multiple locations and they've never disappointed. I highly recommend their salads!Waiter Mike P. just taught us ALL about beer! He's amazing... he explained all the samples, asked us about our thoughts, made suggestions, explained the fermentation process... and he advised us on the food menu... we had lovely beers and a fantastic meal.After searching far and wide for a restaurant that was open on Memorial Day, we stumbled on Iron Hill.  We had been wanting to eat here since it opened and were excited to finally try it out.
The dining room and bar area was packed, but we quickly found a high top in the "seat yourself" area.  
The beer/drinks and food menu are both expansive.  The beers are always excellent and varied.  The food menu includes all your standards(bar apps, burgers and salads) and some very delicious sounding entrees.
We went with the Goat Cheese and Artichoke Dip for an appetizer. They didn't skimp on the pita, which is a restaurant pet peeve of ours.  For our entrees we both ordered large salads.  The Salmon salad was well put together with just enough heavy ingrediants.  The mesculan salad was light and full of delicious pistachios and dried cherries.
Altogether an excellent meal.The service was excellent! I love their menu too. I have a strict diet and it was easy to find something affordable and healthy. I got their spicy crab lettuce wraps. They were filling and satisfying but also light. The environment was nice and friendly also.Come here on the reg with friends to get in house beers and nachos. Once in a while get actual food, but the nachos are so huge we are usually full after that and two or three beers. All the waitstaff I've had here was decent, one guy was awesome but unfortunately I can't remember his name. Will continue to come here, love the Chestnut Hill area as a whole.The food was delicious, I had the pretzels as an appetizer absolutely amazing and the crab cake sandwich was delicious as well.  Our waiter Edward was absolutely phenomenal, such a great guy.  5 stars highly recommend.Excellent, excellent, excellent.  Amazing menu - it was just endless.  The prices were such that they could accomodate any sized budget.  The service was amazing.  The food was hot and delicious!   I will be coming back very soon!!Iron hill is a great restaurant. The food here is delicious and the prices aren't ridiculously expensive. It's fairly priced for how good it is. Their appetizers are what I like most about this place. The cheesesteaks spring rolls are extremely tasty and the loaded nachos are also very good. My favorite entrees would be the meatloaf and the pulled pork which are both delicious. The menu has a wide variety of food so just about anyone can eat here no matter how picky they are. I am a regular here and will be for the foreseeable future.Iron Hill just open a new place in Chestnut Hill and this review may reflect opening problems since I like most of their other location. Went to the new location with a group of 6 people. None of them were thrilled. The entre (Seafood Pie) was ordered by 3 of us and it was okay but nothing stellar. For an appetizer I had the French Onion Soup which again was just okay. The service at our table was good as our waitress was experienced, but the table right next to us waited for 30 minutes to order. When the appetizers came, only half of the table got theirs and at least one order was wrong.  They waited another 30 minutes to get their entres, and again part of the order was missing. Fortunately the people at that table had more patience than I have, because they stayed. Again this could be just opening jitters. Hope so!!!Very nice atmospheric and good service....We normally hang out here for a few drinks and tea.I want to start off saying I love love love the atmosphere of this place. The aesthetic is just so cozy and nice. But maybe I just haven't had a great experience because I've gone during a busy weekend?
Anyways, I came here my friend and I were seated outside and the server was nowhere to be found. I would have to walk inside the restaurant often to have somebody come out. This was for everything, to order, to pay, etc.
 We eventually ordered our food but there was a pretty long wait for two burgers (I think this was mostly due to the high volume of customers.) I like to think I'm not a very picky eater and I really don't want to bash the restaurant but after I ordered a burger that took so long to come out to us, and was supposed to be cooked to "medium" should not have had raw uncooked hamburger in the center of it.
I had to track down a server and let them know and they apologized and went to go put in another order. That was fine, but by the time my burger came out, she was done with her meal and I had just begin to start mine. Needless to say it did not make for a very pleasant dining experience when we were taking turns watching each other eat.
I don't mean to sound snooty but if a customer has raw meat in the center of their hamburger and the service was exceptionally slow and unattentive for that day, I feel like as a business they should've focused a little more on trying to make the customer a little more happy?
I did enjoy the sweet potato fries, but honestly that first experience kind of ruined it for me a little and I don't know if I can bring myself to go back a second time.I've been here now twice First time was brunch I remember enjoying it.I think maybe the Bloody Mary was  good that I forgot how overpriced it was.I went back for lunch.So all I can say was it was ok.The waiter was very nice and attentive.I think for lunch it was more then I would expect to pay for food that was just ok!Had soup and a salad.The salad said big -ya it was more like regular size lol Anyway I think it was just ok Can't  say it was bad but not worth 60$ for two people who had soup n salad,that was just ok and I could make at home.No alcohol was purchase either!We decided to go here for dinner. It was busy as expected at 7 pm but we got in without waiting. I ordered the red Vienna lager and it was great. I recommend it. As an appetizer we ordered the wings and they were good as well. Not too spicy and paired well with my beer. For my meal I had the burger with French fries. It was perfectly cooked and fresh. The fries were good as well. 
   For the atmosphere I would say it is nice. Very casual but you could easily get away with dressing up. Plenty of tvs and places to sit. A nice bar as well and if you are there for a drink I would highly recommend a spot at the bar.Dinner was delicious the seafood bisque was excellent and the crab cakes are to die for...great service and great atmosphereFood and beer are great! I had the chicken pot pie, delicious!! IPA was delicious and easy to drink. Parking wasnt that difficult to find for me either.Mediocre food at a mediocre chain, except this is the fourth iron hill I've been to and has the worst service. I've been a server myself and something here is super disorgsnized. After we sat, no one gave us menus for 20 minutes. Finally after someone came and took our order, another server came 2 minutes later and handed us menus again. We asked for water, and she came with 3 for the 4 of us. 
Your basic place when you want a basic hangout.Nice decor, friendly staff, but the food has been pretty rough my last two visits... the pizzas were way undercooked and the beers were flat. Just not a great experience.Can't say enough about this place as a beer lover.  They have regular beer selection that I never even get to try because the specials change so often and there are so many.  Kids meals that I really like ordering for my kids because there are so many options and ice cream is included.    Kids meals are real food not just nuggets and kraft mac and cheese.Had a lunch here with my sisters the other day and the food was incredible, it was my first time going but my sister frequents the restaurant often. Our waiter, Rick, was the worst server any of us have ever had while dining out. If you go here and get him as your waiter I would recommend asking for a new waiter or waitress. The rest of the staff was very helpful. The managers took care of us after we complained of the poor service we had received. I would recommend this restaurant overall, the food was excellent.Came here recently with friends for my birthday.  I had been to the Iron Hill in Wilmington years ago, but other than that I didn't really know what to expect. This location is in a large, airy, space and has a great ambience. It is set up cool looking with nice lighting. I ordered some type of Hawaiian drink off the cocktail menu right away which of course I can't remember the name of it, but it was absolutely delicious. They have a really good variety of items on their menu, I had a hard time deciding what to order. I ended up getting the shrimp penne, which I really enjoyed. Although, I could have done without the excess of vegetables. Everyone I was with seemed to really enjoy what they got. They let me choose a free dessert for my birthday which I thought was really nice. I got the "triple chocolate hill" which was basically a big brownie with ice cream and sauces on top of it. That was amazing. I've heard a lot of people say Iron Hill is really expensive so I was surprised with how reasonable the prices were. It is more expensive than typical pub food, however Iron Hill is much nicer than a typical pub in regards to both food and service. I will defintley be back.dined here two weeks ago. I got the vegetable Samosas and they were delicious! loved the mango sauce. The bartender she was fun and very engaging. A good time!My wife and I have a small child (she's 1), so finding a place where we can have a beer, enjoy a burger, and not feel bad about our toddler making a slight mess and annoying the staff is tough. We came to Iron Hill because it was nearby and we knew the franchise, but we really like the atmosphere for the family. That said, the food is decent pub food, the beer is usually good and fresh-tasting/refreshing, and they are really accommodating when it comes to little ones. It's a good family spot, and we plan to return.So. It's a nice place.  All I wanted since I got back from a months long trip to Eastern Europe was a good plate of nachos. Just s little flavor and spice  you know. But no no no. The nachos here are devoid of any taste whatsoever. The plastic cheese carpet overlay appears to be half yellow and half white. Despite the color variation they taste absolutely the same. There is a white whipped material of some kind that one would suspect is sour cream but tasting it does not divulge any sense of flavor of any kind. It's not butter though.
These nachos would be good for 1. An infant or 2. A 90 year old. Anybody in between shouldn't waste the calories or the time. 
The waiter claims everyone loves the nachos.Great meal last night w the family. Delicious pizzas and burgers, and the manager went out of his way to accommodate us on a Very busy night after our reservation didn't appear in his system (we had received an email confirmation).Very nice modern trendy micro brewery/pub/restaurant. Place is packed on weekend and tough to find a table during prime dinning times. 
If you are a beer lover this place is a must on your list. Great selection and had a blast trying the various great brews. Family friendly and can be rather loud, but not too bad.Went for dinner with family and it was overall pretty good. We we're seated promptly even without reservations. The decor is a big step above most breweries. The server was friendly and attentive. We had a pretzel app which was great and the burgers were well portioned and delicious. We tried a Belgian ale flight and a juicy IPA flight. The beers were just okay except for the Philly Special which was very good. Definitely would go again.Normally I am a huge fan. This particular evening I ordered some buffalo wings, clam chowder and a kids meal for my 6 year old. The wings tasted old and rubbery like the chicken was old. Not crisp and tangy like they usually are. My daughters meal with tolerable until she found a hair in her ice cream (short black hair) hers is very long and curly. 
Needless to say we paid the bill and left. I should have reported it but I was so disgusted I just wanted to get out.
Hopefully this was just an off day but I haven't been back since.the review from Shannon P was dead on I had the exact same experience. This restaurant needs a MAJOR attitude check. We are lifelong residents of Chestnut Hill and dine out every weekend, We have been to Iron Hills before and this place is horrible. Its all about poor management. Matt you need to go back to West Chester and PLEASE take the Asian guy who also works in management with you, oh and for that matter the woman who walks around with the dry erase board. We did call ahead seating and they said 45 minutes, got there in 40 minutes and were told 10 more minutes heres your pager, wait 1/2 hour then went up, all the while there were empty tables in the dining room and 1/2 the room remained empty through most of our meal. We had to ask for bread, my husbands iced tea refill came with the check, no one ever asked me if I wanted another glass of wine, etc etc. Then to top it off, I also left something behing like the other reviewer, went back 15 minutes later and they told me to go look on the table for my phone, well first off they must be keenly aware that the tables sit empty even on a saturday night when they have a waiting room full of diners and more annoying, my phone was in the pocket (ewww) of the assistant manager who was standing at the hostess stand when I asked if they had my phone!!! When he finally said yes he did have "A" phone (how many had been left behind in the past 15 min) he said how did they know it was mine (I am a 52 yo well-dressed woman, not some hoodlum), I immediately described it again in gory detail, ie: brand, type of cover and even that my daughters wedding picture was the screen saver, he would not give it to me until he called it to prove it was mine, ARROGANT!!!!!! The entire front staff thinks they are working at Le Bec Fin. Stay AwayA warm, inviting, lively and upbeat piece of the Iron Hill Brewery on Germantown Ave in adorable Chestnut Hill.
This is the only Iron Hill I have been to. I hadn't bothered until I moved out of Center City, because I assumed it would only be okay.
The food makes up a huge menu and is consistently of a good quality, as is the beer. I am a little in love with any and all of their Signature Egg Rolls...mostly the South Philly ones (roast pork, broccoli rabe).
The beer is priced nicely and they've definitely got something for everyone! Some of the food is a little pricey for what you're getting, but it isn't ridiculous.
Service tends to vary depending on whether you're seated in the bar (seat yourself) or in the dining room. Both have table service, neither of which are necessarily bad. There is a difference in the attentiveness of service, with the dining room seating being the better choice if that sort of thing gets to you.
This is a place I'd take my parents to if they're in town. Average clientele are not 20-somethings. Very nice atmosphere and I always enjoy myself here!I love iron hill. the food is always good and the rotating beer selection has something for (almost) everyone. the chestnut hill location usually has a better selection of beer and the brewer seems really into big hoppy beers. 
the only thing that varies as far as quality is the wait staff. I recommend sitting in the bar area, if you can find a table. the people who serve that area are usually more on the ball. not to damn all of those who serve the seated tables but it's hit or miss.Recently hosted a dinner for a family reunion here--40 hungry people. Our experience from beginning to end was fantastic! There was an experienced manager who guided us through the process, a nice private room that was arranged to meet our needs and an excellent menu with many selections for our guests to choose from. The wait staff was amazing--attentive and efficient. We also felt, based on months of research, that this was great value for the money spent. Thanks to everyone at Iron Hill for a great evening!Last night, I went to Iron Hill Brewery in Chestnut Hill to meet a friend for dinner.  Given that it was a Friday night, I made a reservation.  I'm glad I had the forethought to do this, otherwise the wait would have been an hour!  Since we had a reservation, my friend and I were seated promptly.  Our server got us drinks right away and was attentive and pleasant the whole evening.
However, that's the only positive thing I can say about the experience.  We were seated in a tiny "half-booth" (alongside a wall of giant beer vats) that is barely big enough for one person - let alone two!  The half-booth was on the path leading to the kitchen resulting in an enormous amount of traffic as servers walked back and forth to the kitchen.  An already loud restaurant was made even more so with all of the noise from the kitchen.  (A door separating the kitchen from the dining room would help with this tremendously.)
As I've said, the restaurant extremely loud!  The noise of the bar area is to be expected.  Yet, between the noise from the bar area and the noise from the kitchen, I could barely hear my friend talk even though he was sitting directly across from me!
I ordered the pan roasted chicken breasts and a cup of the mushroom soup for my dinner.  The soup was perfectly delightful until I got about halfway though my serving.  A cup of soup that had appropriately hot suddenly turned into a raging inferno!  The unexpected heat burned my throat and more than 14 hours later, my tongue is still smarting from being burned.  The pan roasted chicken breasts entree sounded and looked much better than it actually was.  The smashed potatoes, chicken and thyme pan jus were all much too salty!  Yet, the asparagus spears tasted as if they had no seasoning at all.  The dish had absolutely no balance of flavor!
Last night was the third time I'd been to Iron Hill Brewery.  My first two experiences were perfectly fine.  This last experience was not.  Given how many other places there are to eat at in Chestnut Hill, I will have to think long and hard before going back to Iron Hill Brewery.Helpful waiter; explaining the beer offerings.  Excellent salad and huhnerschnitzel.Came here for a friend's birthday last week and it was utterly delightful. They had the Oktoberfest beers available which we took full advantage of. Started off with the fried brussel sprouts that were both crispy and lemony coupled with the artichoke goat cheese dips. I finished with a big blue burger, which I had hoped for more onion ring style toppings rather than fried onions. Needless to say, our server Cassandra, was the kindest waitress that had us out of towners feel right at home.Iron Hill has been a solid addition to Chestnut Hill. Good service, nice establishment and very clean. I enjoy going there. For the food, for what it is, it can be a little expensive but it is usually good.
A few pointers from this Vegan:
-Always get the sweet potato fries which are great and not the regular fries which are run of the mill.
-The red quinoa salad is a good starter.
-The black bean burger and portobello mushroom sandwich are good options but be sure to specify that you want them vegan and what ingredients you want them to hold.The beer sample is the way to go.  Loved it and I'm not a beer drinker.  All my food came out cold.  Got my soup last.  Which was very weird.  Never had that happen.   Go for the beer and atmosphere.Went there my wife and son and the meal was uneven. Wings were good fried calamari ok could have used more seasoning. My son ordered hamburger which was good. I ordered a turkey burger  that was dry and tasteless. What was the biggest complaint was that I had to wait forever for ketchup.  I mean what kind of restaurant brings two hamburgers without ketchup. I had to ask twice and wait until my sandwich was cold. Ketchup, really.This place is great. Good service, good food, cocktails are lovely. Not outstanding but a great standby.The place is giant and packed and gives the vibes of a large chain restaurant.  That said the food is fantastic, and the beer choices amazing.I got an order of muscles. There were only 12 (yes i counted) in an over reduced sauce. Not evn enough to make an appetizer out of! Very disappointed.This is a pretty new and nice Iron Hill location to hang out at. As you probably know, IH is a small local chain, and they have locations around the city and in DE. The Chestnut Hill location is relatively new and is cavernous, with tons of seating available. 
The beer here is decent. I regret to say that I have evolved (devolved?) into a nigh-intolerable beer snob, so I can't say that the beers here are my favorite, but they are not bad by any measure. They usually have a nice range on tap, of both seasonals and standard brews for you to choose from. I wouldn't come here looking for the beer, but you won't be disappointed either if you do. 
In terms of food, I recommend the sweet potato fries, which are delicious and come with three awesome dipping sauces. These are probably my fav thing on the menu. I also like the pizza/flatbreads here. The plain and the one with the Kennett Square mushrooms are both good. I came here for the St. Patrick's Day brunch too, and wasn't crazy about their brunch. Would pass on brunch here. 
All in all, IH is a good pick for drinks and snacks.A friend and I ordered over the phone of Iron Hill for pickup so maybe it would've been better if we'd eaten it then and there but it just wasn't good. I ordered the bacon wrapped scallops and shrimp tempura and my friend got the fish tacos and I think voodoo shrimp. We went our separate ways and ate the food in our own homes but are having the same problem. I feel the oil that was used to make our food was old or something because it was the only thing either of us tasted. It was awful and now we both have stomach aches. I heard great things about this place, even from coworkers who had eaten there only a week before. So maybe it was an off night but I wouldn't go again.Suburban "chain" feel to the place.  Food was fine but nothing special.  Do yourself a favor and head to Earth Brewery down in Mount Airy.I had lunch last thursday and take out beer.
I ordered cheesesteak egg rolls. It was ok. I really liked the beer I had. Definitely I'll back for the beer.I have visited this restaurant once and ordered take-out more times than I can even count. We have tried just about everything on the menu and have not been impressed by anything. The crab cake sandwich, grilled chicken caesar salad and the voo-doo chicken pizza are the only things that I would deem good enough to order twice but really, not that fabulous. I don't understand how they receive such good reviews when the food is over priced and pretty mediocre. More often than not, the take-out order is wrong or something is missing (no sauce, wrong side dish , etc.) What draws people to this place is a mystery to me. Must be the novelty of a new restaurant in the neighborhood.Well it's relatively cheap and seats were plentiful. Fortunately, they are located in Chestnut Hill where from a service perspective there really isn't much competition. We were sitting at the bar having dinner and watching SNL 40 year celebration. One of the bartenders came over and asked if he could switch the channel to a sporting event. We expressed that we were enjoying watching what we were watching to which he stated that the bar is only allowed to show sporting events. I asked him why then had the television been on this show for the past hour. He tossed the remote aside in disgust and walked away. Check out their ratings for food service on the city's website for the office of food protection. They are not known for cleanliness. I doubt this establishment would make in center city.They tried to kill me by serving me moldy bread with my artichoke & goat cheese dip. How can you not see that you're putting moldy bread on a plate? I believe it was done intentionally & a $20 comp card won't rectify this. But, hey enjoy at your own risk.Great microbrew selection, order the nachos, it gets very busy 6-8ish so try and sit in the "self seating" bar area.The mood for a veggie burger strikes me fairly often. When a restaurant makes their own veggie burger, I make it a point to try it out. I was in another veggie burger mood last night, so I ventured to Iron Hill in Chestnut Hill with a plan to try their black bean burger. I was very impressed with their take on the classic meal.
Even though I asked to hold both the jack cheese and the garlic aioli, I didn't feel like I missed out on flavor. The burger was made from black beans, sweet potatoes and assorted vegetables and it was very tasty and incredibly filling. I do wish they had a vegan aioli option, but honestly I didn't miss the sauce. I decided to pay a few extra bucks to swap out regular fries for the hand cut sweet potato fries. The fries were decadent, delicious, gigantic and crazy filling. I regretted splitting an appetizer because I was a bit too full after the meal. However, the fresh homemade guacamole was delightful. The slightly stale, boring tortilla chips it was served with weren't great. That was my one complaint about an otherwise terrific meal. I even had a sip of my husbands G Town Coffee Brown Ale, which tasted more like a porter to me and was just plain delicious.
A couple of notes on the location and ambiance. There is a parking lot behind the restaurant which is shared with the Weaver's Way crowd and is free, if you can't find a spot on the street. They open the windows on a nice night which makes it feel like you're dining outside when you're not really. The cell phone service in Chestnut Hill is generally abysmal, but Iron Hill has a free strong WiFi service which I connected to on my phone so I could check in on Yelp.Do not come here without a reservation!
Have not tried the food yet because according to the hostess, we were to be seated here about 45 minutes ago.
Update: we were finally seated, and blood sugar has finally stabilized.  Homicidal thoughts towards the hostess have subsided.  Had a deliciously juicy burger and everything was right with the world again.  Mom had a "small" salad (it was HUMONGOUS) that she loved.
Rant: I worked as a hostess in college.  For self-preservation purposes, I regularly gave customers quite conservative wait times (estimating a longer wait, rather than a shorter one ... folks are obviously ecstatic to be seated "early" when the table opens up ahead of the quoted time frame).  The hostess here did exactly the opposite: first, she told us a table would be ready in 25 minutes (so Mom and I went for a walk through the charming town); we came back after 25 minutes and were told it would be another 10 minutes.  Then another 15.  We were not ultimately seated until nearly 1.5 hours after we originally came in ... that is pathetic in itself, but the way the hostess managed the situation was the worst!  She was also an eye roller, which only aggravated my feelings of animosity towards her.  If you don't KNOW how long the wait will be (and let's be honest, it's sometimes impossible to tell!), give me a big old ridiculous number of minutes (like 100) so my expectations are managed and I am happy to be seated WHENEVER (or, if I am starving, I can go somewhere else ...).  And for heaven's sake, do not sigh and roll your eyes when I come up to check on the status ... this is the service industry, woman!  Go stuff envelopes or enter some data if you don't want to deal with [hungry] people!Good food, good beer and good service in my experience.  I avoid this place on weekends generally and you really need a reservation at peak times.  I've enjoyed everything I have had there.  Its on the pricey side, but a nice treat from time to time.  The atmosphere is nice and especially like that that have sliding windows to make it open air during the spring/fall.I too have been to a couple of the Iron Hill Breweries (Media, Phoenixville).  I understand that a new location may have some kinks to work out in the service area, but it turns out that this location did pretty well.  What lacked was the food.  We ordered the calamari appetizer which was really puny for $9.95, and bland.  The remoulade sauce barely saved it.  The value for money, however, just wasn't there.  My wife ordered a Caesar salad with shrimp and said that it was flavorless.  I tasted it and wholly agree.  There was too much cheese sprinkled on, and the dressing was otherwise bland.  I've had better out of a bottle.  Again, not a good value for the money at $14.95.  I had the turkey burger.  The portion of fries was small, and they were indistinct - they didn't hold a candle to the twice-fried awesomeness of The Wine Thief, just down Germantown Avenue.  The burger itself was bland and without flavor.  
I'm not sure exactly what misfired here, but 0/2 for entrees surprised me.  My daughter's grilled cheese was good, but c'mon, it's grilled cheese.
I hope that they take a more critical look at their food.  They're definitely doing well for service - it was a little slow, but they were packed at 2pm on a Saturday, so all in all I thought the staff was great.  But the food ... just not there.Spacious and comfortable. Attentive wait staff, lots to choose from on menu. Our party of 8 was very pleased with everything ! Great food, great prices. We're going again!!Love this place! We have tried several items on the menu and they have all been tasty! It is a little pricey for a bar but the quality of food is worth it. They also have a great beer selection and you can do a sampler to try different kinds.They offer samples of beer, and they were free with our meal...dunno if they were supposed to be, but we weren't sure which of their selections would go well with their Sunday steak special so our waiter allowed us to sample about 4 or 5 of their local selections. It's a swanky casual, or as I like to say "swasual"/mellow atmosphere. No complaints.This place is beautifully decorated with delicious food. 
My only complaint is the hot toddy I ordered, which came requiring me to mix together with oddly portioned amounts of honey, hot water and whisky shot. I'd rather the bartender have mixed it for me. The staff was otherwise very prompt and friendly with their service at the bar. My boyfriend loved their beers.I like many reviewers have been to a few other Iron Hill locations.  I know what to expect and like what they offer.  The North Wales location is our usual where my wife, son and I go for a family dinner.
The Chestnut Hill location is hughe and the place was packed.  Unfortunately the service was a big disapointment and the food was not at the usual Iron Hill level.  For the first time my wife did not finish the mesculum salad.  It was a bit salty.  I ordered a pizza - garlic, sundried tomato and spinach.  I requested red pepper for the pizza and ended up getting it myself.  By the time I started eating the pizza was a bit cold.
The beer?  Great as usual but they took forever for a refil.  One of my guests ordered a pulled pork sandwich and requested no sauce... it was served with the sauce...
The manager apologized and gave each one of us a $10 gift card for our next visit.  We are going to make sure we use them.. probably at the North Wales location.
I am sure they will get it together soon enough.Food was okay, apps very small portions ( for the price). Server was very nice, but painfully and I mean PAINFULLY slow!!!! Not busy enough for her to be that slow!I will keep this short and sweet. FYI I despise all these 4 paragraph reviews in which people feel the need to tell you what they were thinking before they went, what they where wearing, and if they're fat or not. Who cares just tell me about the restaurant before it closes!!!! 
Anywho......Iron hill is nice and chill, their beer is delicious i enjoy the beirner weissel (probably misspelled) but you'll be able to find it on the menu. It taste like beer wine. The cheesesteak eegrolls are crispy and delicious as are the sweet potato fries, but beware they are cut like steak fries and they fill an entire dinner plate.  Also note,  the steakhouse salad has absolutely positively NO STEAK in it. I ordered it on my first visit and when it came I thought I was crazy, the waiter apologized for not warning me and I ordered a side of steak.  We got complementary cake for my friends bday and overall had a great time.Good large place for the local crowd to visit. I didn't even know this place opened until 2weeks ago when I was just strolling by. It's spacious inside which is good. I made reservations because it looked crowded when I had strolled by. 
I was seated promptly. The weather was nice outside so they opened up the large front doors/gate..so this is going to be a good thing for the summer. 
The food was also delish. I had an item on the specials menu so it's not offered daily , it was a seafood dish. The drinks were okay. I can't recall what I had, but the only complaint I had about it was that my glass wasn't filled all the way up.
Not complaints about the service. Would def come back.I've gone here a few times the food is good nothing to rant and rave about but it's. Clean and tasty it's a little pricey unless you go on happy hour times not my first place to go for dinner but I would go back for happy hour they do have a great beer list and great wine listI had a beer tasting which was excellent. The waitress knew so much about the drinks and taught me a lot. The food left something to be desired, though. I ordered French onion soup and it wasn't great. The cheese wasn't the best quality. The cheesesteak egg rolls I also got were a bit dry.We didn't want to go to Iron Hill or like it, but somehow we ended up there and were pleasantly surprised. The moules- frites are delicious, though a bit on the salty side. That's all I ever get when we go. My husband has had a variety of dishes, and everything is always good. It is big, so it is a good place to go when you have a stroller or car seat. The downsides: it is a chain (albeit a local one) and it does feel like it. Secondly, it is extremely noisy. Thirdly, I always feel rushed. Every time we've been our main courses arrive when we aren't even half way through our appetizers, and last time, the server just whisked away my salad, which I had every intention of eating!! Finally, the bathrooms are always gross... So, the food is pretty solid,but it has many of the flaws of a chainAt last night's dinner--a Saturday--there were really good things and some that were not so good. It seemed pretty clear to me they're still working things out. 
First, we were meeting friends and had made a reservation and requested a table in the back. Despite them having a 90 minute wait, we were seated very promptly and exactly where we expected. Service was prompt, too, which was another plus. 
The not-so-great part had a lot to do with the food. Their house salad had large chunks of red onion and a lot of it. Since it's really a chop salad, the onion was hard to avoid, and strangely, it was bigger than everything else in the salad. My partner ordered tuna, cooked rare. When it arrived, it wasn't rare at all. It was very well done. Their response to this was great--taking care of it immediately and double-checking to be sure the second tuna was cooked properly. I give them a LOT of props for that. 
I had mussels and fries. The fries tasted good but were sort of limp. The mussels were perfectly cooked, but the sauce wasn't good at all. It was a bland cream sauce that had a bitter aftertaste. I picked out the mussels and left all the sauce behind. Our friends both had steak: one yes and one "meh." 
On our check, we were overcharged about $35. Again, the staff took care of it promptly and apologetically, but I was glad I double-checked. 
They're off to a little bit of a bumpy start, esp with the food, but their staff and service were shining, despite the fact that they had a packed house. We'll go back, because the restaurant is a tremendous asset to the area.Enjoyed fantastic food and drink last night. Our server, RALPH, was extremely knowledgeable about the beer and the entire brewing process. His energy and excitement about Iron Hill was contagious. RALPH interacted with both the adults and kids. The food was awesome and drinks great. Both will bring us back. However the real hook was RALPH. We will be back and will request that RALPH be our server. He really made my wife's Mothers Day meal memorable! Nice to see somebody take pride in their job.Had dinner there Friday night. We ate at the bar and really enjoyed it. We had the parma pizza (which was delicious), the calamari (which was crispy and tender), and my wife had a salad  (which she said was quite good). It's a really big space and is great for families or larger groups. A really nice additon to the hill!The emperor has no clothes, you guys. The food here is fine, but probably a bit overpriced for the quality. The beer was very disappointing. We should have known when one of the beers on the sampler tray was a "craft" light beer that this is more a place for upper middle class fifty-somethings to feel hip than a place for craft beer lovers. We planned to start with the sampler and then order a pint of our favorite. We didn't like any beer enough to drink a whole pint and left about half of the 4 oz samples unfinished. If you like beer, go somewhere else, if you don't like beer, why would you go here? 2 stars for tasteful decor.Called ahead to eat here after trying to walk in at an earlier date and the wait was 45 minutes. Arrived right on time and let the hostess know we were there, and they never wrote our call ahead down. Which is fine, things like that happen, but there was no apology made, no effort to help us find a seat in the bar, just a "sorry you'll have to wait another 45 minutes." Mistakes happen, but bad customer service is always uncalled for. We will never go back.My mother and I went here to try out one of our local restaurants. We liked the large glass windows that allowed us to see people enjoying the food, plus it is usually crowded which we assumed the food must be good due to this observation. Well we should have remembered to not judge anything or one by its appearance. Our experience at Iron Hill was quite displeasing primarily customer service lacked extremely. It was uninviting, no one came to greet us once we were seated and our waiter who came many minutes later was so nonchalant that it completely turned us off. Once we got our waters, we had already decided to make ourselves to the exit. We didn't touch the waters but decided to leave because we would NOT patronage a restaurant or feel obliged to tip a waiter with such standards of customer service. Quality customer service is just as or more important than the food in our perspective.Have been here a few times and the food was great each time!!! I had the best server, Cheyna. She was so aware of all we may need. So attentive!!! Can't wait to go back!!!After a few mediocre dining experiences, we're ready to nix Iron Hill for good. Perhaps revisit sometime for beer, since the selection is decent (although they sometimes taste unfinished - the flavor doesn't carry all the way through like it should). 
Prices are high and portions are small. The menu is rather extensive. IH presents itself as a local restaurant offering seasonal and creative fare, but delivers like a TGI Fridays where you know all the food just got tossed in the freezer after unloading the Sysco truck. Restaurants that offer seasonal and creative fare tend to be small - because you can deliver the product when you're small. IH doesn't deliver. A $27 filet entree should have more than a handful of baby carrots, a 6-bite portion of meat and a couple spoonfuls of mashed potatoes. The voodoo shrimp appetizer tasted fine but for the price of rice you'd think they'd offer more than a tablespoon's worth for a dish with an incredibly spicy sauce...come on. All of my food tasted particularly salty. Oh and the wings - never cooked well.  
Overall, nothing stands out about this place. After this last $90 mistake (filet entree, chicken sandwich, cup of soup, voodoo shrimp app and 4 small beers), no more dinners at Iron Hill for us.Had a negative experience here last night. Went with my sister for a girls' night out and quickly grabbed a high-top table for two (the wait for tables was 50 minutes, but not sure what the real difference was between the open seating and reserved seating). Our waitress, a young ponytailed woman, approached and asked for our drink orders. My sister, who is pregnant, has a toddler at home, and was so looking forward to a night out for herself, asked whether there were any "special drinks" they could make without alcohol. The waitress smirked and said, "Why? What's the point? I don't get why people ask that." This set the tone for our service this evening. Later during service, I accidentally bumped our waitress with my arm and quickly apologized. She responded with a total stink-eye and walked away. She's lucky I believe in tipping regardless of how shitty the service is. 
Oh, and the nachos were gross. Both of us got sick after eating them.I always like coming here. The food is good, the beer is better and the atomosphere is inviting. The service overall has been really good, very attentive staff and I never feel like I'm waiting too long for a beer, my meal, or my check. Except one time, on a Thursday late night sitting at the bar I felt the bartender was a little more laid back that I'm used to. It took him a few minutes to greet us, he was working on getting drinks for another set of guests but he didn't seem to be hurrying with that task either. Either way, we did get our drinks and our late night snacks in a timely fashion overall and we had a nice night.A great and fun addition to Chestnut Hill.  This place is loud and full of energy and good for large groups and kids.  The food is basis bar style food.Another great experience at Iron Hill Brewery. We had a great waitress, Leah, who was professional, friendly anAnd attentive. She made informed, insightful menu recommendations and despite having working a busy Friday night checked in on us regularly. I got the cheese plate for an appetizer, which was unique and delicious,  and the loaded nachos for dinner. I managed to fit in a slice of 5 layer chocolate cake which was INCREDIBLE. 
The food, service, and environment at Iron Hill is always wonderful. I heartily recommend this spot!Went for the 2nd time on March 2.  On weekend nights the place is packed and the other Chestnut Hill restaurants get overflow traffic from IH.  I've been to the North Wales location  - the food menu is the same. We were very happy with our food, the service was a little slow, the beer is very good. I recommend trying multiple sampler glasses ($1.50 for 4 ounces) as a great way to try 5 or 6 of their beersMy friends and I have been a few times and it's a good place to go for special occasions or nice night out. The atmosphere and menu look creative/impressive. They even have a gluten-free selections which is nice. The waitstaff is pleasant and attentive. The food is always well cooked and delicious. There are just 2 issues that keep me from giving them 5 stars. First is that they always make you wait to be seated even if the place is empty. Yes, they are popular and can be packed on occasion, but not always. Yet, the hosts always claim they are busy and there are no open tables. Then you get seated and there is no one else there. If this is an attempt to make the restaurant look busy, it has backfired because now we won't spontaneously go if we haven't planned/called ahead first. Second issue is a somewhat common one for a lot of restaurants these days trying to look more upscale than what they are: bait-and-switch. For example, they will describe a dish with a bunch of fancy sounding ingredients like wild exotic mushrooms, but then it comes out with just basic grocery store variety button mushrooms. The seafood section is usually the worst offender. Everyone takes a little creative license with their descriptions, but it's a major disappointment when you realize you're getting the same quality ingredients as an all-you-can-eat buffet, but paying 5x the price for it.I'm pleased that Iron Hill has popped up in Chestnut Hill to provide some contrast to all of the smaller, independent shops and restaurants in the area. The block the the brewery occupies was looking especially vacant and I much prefer Iron Hill to the likes of Chili's or Houlihan's. 
However, it is a chain and attracts everyone from couples out for date night to young families to older couples to groups of friends. My point? The place gets crowded quickly and you're bound to wait or duke it out for one of the high top bar tables. The bar tables actually turn over fairly quickly and I've never ended up waiting more than 10-15 minutes. I have never really seen the rest of the property because we stick to the high tops as the wait has usually been about an hour on a Thursday-Saturday night. The atmosphere is lively and your boyfriend, brother, or dad will appreciate whatever game is on if they are inclined to avoid small-talk. 
The beer selection is good and rotates depending on the season to include standard favorites and unique flavors like the Oompa Loompa Chocolate Stout. If you can't decide, get a flight of beers to taste. The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. They are also actually very knowledgeable about each brew and certainly equipped to help you find your favorite selection. 
Their food is good and the portions substantial. They serve standard "pub fare" from pizza and nachos to pastas, burgers, steaks, and seafood. I wouldn't say they really do anyone thing extremely well, but fish and chips will certainly help sop up all that beer you're downing. I wouldn't consider Iron Hill a destination but certainly a place to keep in the rotation for casual weekend dining when you just don't want to order in another pizza.Don't bother with this place. Rude staff all around. Poor service. They don't honor reservations. As soon as I got there and realized what a mistake I'd made by coming I knew I should have just walked back out the door. Sadly, I stayed, and nothing got any better. I won't be coming back.Went for lunch, ordered a turkey burger with avocado.  It was delicious, but was a bit pricey (just under $14) just for the burger.  Ended up spending over $20 on lunch, but it was delicious.  
This isn't a lunch place for a penny pincher like myself.  The food is great, but is priced a bit high.The beer is of course the best asset of Iron Hill Brewery.  It is all brewed by Iron Hill, so it is fresh and refreshing (although I must admit that 2 porters at a seating is my limit).  Our waiter was friendly and mostly attentive (he had multiple tables, and they all seemed to be seated around the same time). 
The food was only so-so.  2 of the 3 diners had burgers, and one was undercooked (it was order medium well and came in medium rare).  However, the quality of the meat was so good that the diner decided not to send it back.  The 3rd diner had a house salad (it was a decent size) and the chili shrimp.  The salad was bland (they only offer a house dressing), and the gorgonzola and pancetta in the salad were cut into such small pieces that their flavors were barely perceptable.  The shrimps were good, but for the price I would have expected either more shrimp or larger shrimp.
It is a good idea to make reservations.  A party of 3 arrived just before us, and they were told they would have to wait 25 minutes for a table.  Since we had reservations we were taken immediately to our table.Best place to get beer in the northwest section of the city! Food is just ok. They have a wide selection of beers. They only sell the beer they brew so don't try and order a bud light, they don't have it. The staff is always super friendly and knowledgeable.Incredibly disappointing attempt at brunch. Will not return. 
Brunch- chicken and waffles. Poached eggs cooked all the way through, hard and crispy chicken and  undercooked, doughy waffles. 
Turkey Burger- advertised with avocado. Barely a scent on the bun, like they swiped a thin layer on the bun to check the box. Lazy. 
Southwest salad- Advertises avocado. Received an embarrassingly small amount. 
This stinginess and laziness on the part of the cooking staff makes it seem like they're having to cut back on resources to preserve profit.I'll always enjoy Iron Hill's beer...they brew something for everyone and it's usually quite good.
I bring you this important update: they have removed ALL the Signature Egg Rolls from their menu except for the cheesesteak ones! These were my absolute favorites to come and enjoy with a beer.
The past two times I'd been, I thought the food quality was actually not that good, especially for the price. The menu is huge and impressive...sounding. Not tasting. Big problem!
Iron Hill used to be part of our not-cooking-dinner-tonight rotation, but it has since been removed. We are still looking for our Chestnut Hill go-to!canceling my 'mug club' membership. the menu has listed price of $7.25 for a beer.  ordered a mug and the tab was $10.50.  there should be a clear listing of prices on the menu card. last time going there, plenty of local places on the hill to spend money at. 50 cent surcharge for ordering a mug??? goodbye iron hill brewery.Sat in the bar area, restaurant area looked nice also and family friendly. Excellent bar with a very good selection of brews, really enjoyed the beer sampler that was available. Menu was broad and all food I tasted or saw was great. Service was good, albeit a little slow but they were very busy.  Great space for large groups.Since my last tip here I've gone several more times and they never disappoint. I've tried a few different things and really enjoyed them all. I went for brunch with a friend and had the eggs Benedict and it was super yummy ,the hollandaise was perfect. The staff is nice and very attentive ,but the good kind ,they are not annoying you every two seconds, like some.places. Every server I've had has been really friendly and knowledgeable about the.items on the menu. It can get kind of crowded but they do their best if you do have to wait.Brunch was very disappointing.  We had friends visiting from Virginia.  We waited close to 40 minutes for our meal (including appetizers: salad and shrimp voodoo).   The restaurant was not busy. 
The food came out and my husbands eggs benedict was overcooked (egg was solid).  They send out a new one and it was also overcooked (egg was again solid).  ultimately the manager took the meal off the bill but this is the second time i came to this location and was disappointed. The West Chester location somehow is able to provide better food and service. 
Would recommend this place for a beer but not a full meal.Fun and popular tavern.  Lots of beer to choose from. They make all food and beer on the premises.  Voodoo shrimp appetizer was four small shrimp with spicy BBQ sauce, rice that was hard and a decorative helping of sour cream that didn't seem to go with the dish at all.  Fish and chips were excellent-fresh and crunchy. Crab cake was so-so. Apple crisp for dessert was so so. Hardly any crisp topping and spice level not compelling. The vanilla  ice cream go-with was good.  The Rare Eagle bourbon was great with the dessert.  All in all, not worth $100.  But we liked the place and will try some other dishes,  maybe happy hour to try some things without such a price commitment. LOL :)It was pretty good I guess. 
There was nothing amazing about it. Or especially for those prices.  We got the cheesesteak egg rolls which were definitely good but you got 4 tiny pieces for 12$!  I thought that was a bit crazy.  
The kids meals were nicely portioned.  They were worth the 6.50$.
I got a salad and that was 14$ and I was still hungry afterwards.  They put chicken on it which was nice but it was literally the smallest piece of chicken I ever saw in my life.  
My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich and same thing- it was really good but it just wasn't enough.  
All of that cost over 60$ and we thought that was crazy. We actually called my parents and asked if they still had leftovers.  We were starving!  
So long story short- the food was very good but it just wasn't enough.  
I don't know if we will be back or not.  We will see!Beware people with children!! I have never written a review before in my life but I'm so furious at how my family and I were treated tonight. We walked in the front door. Spoke with the hostess who said 10 minute wait. I said "ok great. Can you tell me where the bathroom is?". I immediately carried my 4 yr old straight to the bathroom who was complaining of a belly ache. Came back 5 minutes later (while holding his hand) and the manager was telling my husband and mother (who hadn't been seated yet) that he got 2 complaints from patrons that our child was running around the bar area and disturbing them. Huh????
I know people have a problem with loud children in restaurants sometimes, and I completely get it. But to wrongly accuse people (WITHOUT INVESTIGATING FIRST WHO THE CHILD WAS AND WHO THEY BELONGED TO) is completely unacceptable. Meanwhile there were literally at least 5 other small children in the front area of the restaurant. A competent manager would have verified who these patrons were talking about first before confronting someone and embarrassing them. Jerk. 
We left and will never return to this establishment.I visited Iron Hill of Chestnut Hill (my first visit to the chain as well) with my mom and son. We were seated promptly on a Monday for an early dinner (5pm). Our waiter was excellent. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and beer selections. I ordered the IPA Jr. and my mom had the raspberry wheat. My son ordered root beer :) All were very good. The food was pretty good with great portion sizes. I recommend the crab cakes. My son's kids menu pizza tasted great as well, quite a few steps above the standard taste of kids menu pizza. All in all 4/5 for Iron Hill as meal prep speed could improve but I will definitely return.Better have a reservation and better check it twice.  We had a table of ten reserved and when we verified it the day of the dinner it wasn't there. The manager promised to make accommodations for us but when we (all 10 of us) got there we were asked to wait in the bar area and hope for a table - along with about 25 other people who were waiting and hoping as well.  Receptionist/hostess was useless. Manager tried but it was so crowded he could not do better.  We left. Probably won't go back. First impression was not a good one. Never even got to the foodLiving in West Mt. Airy doesn't have a lot of food options so I regular take the trip to Iron Hill Brewery.
Being a regular here is a lot of fun because the bar team is great. Leigh is the nicest and most pleasant bar tender in the world. Love the Chicken Pot Pie and the salads with salmon! The beer is great and the atmosphere is very pleasant!James and Mark had a fantastic meal...I had Fish and Chips.  Mark had salman salad  and the humus...Service was impeccable....We are good and full.  Bathroom was clean and presentable..We will be back...Had Korean wings they were OK. Prefer the chicken sliders. As usual beer was excellent as was serviceIf you don't mind always busy and loud, it's a good casual lunch or dinner spot.  Their Octoberfest menu is a must...authentic in taste & delish!   If you're not into micro brew beer the options could be a struggle as no other options but full bar of other cocktail.  Believe they are all the same as it is a local chain.  Have only been to chestnut hill.Never liked the place before but tried the chestnut hill location and fell in love with the place.
Best beef stroganoff I ever had.I'm always looking for a spot where I can take Mom for lunch/dinner that I like as well. At last, Iron Hill opens in Chestnut Hill, and it is a welcome solution to the Mommy/Daughter problem.
The food is quite good, great menu, and there are areas quiet enough to satisfy you know who. 
The soup is great ( I like the creole, mom the seafood) the crab cake is fab- no filler, all crab, and NOT BREADED !!! Yahoo ! The tuna is also excellent, and mom likes the oysters.
I would love to hang there with my husband and a few adult beverages, but too far from Home.
Chestnut Hill needed a place like this, and we will be back. Oh yeah- excellent, I mean excellent service does not hurt either !Been going for years, food is very good to excellent. The new soup size is ridiculous, they did away with the cup and the bowl is now smaller. Bring back the larger bowl of mushroom soup!Delicious menu options. Quality staff & service. Brilliant location & dining room options. A neighborhood favorite. Will be back soon!The food was ok. Portions are small and over priced.  Seri ice was really good though and my girl friend and I had probably one of the best servers by the name of Antonio. Ask for him he's on point. Beers good, soup is great.Iron Hill brewery is a great place if you are a foodie and a beer snob. Delicious on both sides, it is a very relax and chill place, but at the same time a very up and coming place. If you enjoy great craft beers and amazing food, than this is the place for youThe menu is very varried and the food is excellent. Every time I come to Iron Hill I get the same great food without ever having a bad experience. In addition to the great food, the atmosphere is perfect with many plasma TV's by the bar as well as seperate seating for a more intimate setting. Cheesesteak Eggrolls are my favorite, as well as their burgers and pizza! Can not speak for the beer, but I here good reviews.Had a very pleasant night out. The weathers was nice so the windows on the bar side of the restaurant were opened giving you outdoor feel for those of us who love to sit outside. The food was good but a bit pricey. Waited about 10 minutes for a table to become available. Once seated the service was excellent! Harry was our waiter and he was outgoing and informative. Also a different waiter cleaned our table off without being asked while Harry ran off to get a rag and spray bottle. Great team work. We are not huge beer drinkers so we tried a "flight" of beers, 4 2oz glasses of beer of your choice. Overall great place to go for beer and upscale bar food. Also TV's at the bar usually have on some type of sports for sports fans, tennis was on last night.Great menu selection, good service, nice atmosphere. Good to have in the area- it's a good balance between upscale and casual (in price and general atmosphere). Haven't had a bad meal here yet and have been several times!I was really excited to try this new location.  My husband and I went with my mom, my great aunt, and my three year old.  We knew that the place would be packed and uncomfortable for our party on a Friday night at dinner time so we arrived at 3:30pm.  The food was ok.  The service was horrible.  So slow.  Not attentive.  The place was nearly empty and the appetizers alone took 40 minutes to come out.  By then, we were out of drinks and that took forever to rectify.  Dinner took another 30-40 minutes.  We left our table when we were done and about 5 minutes after getting up, realized we had forgotten a package with books my mom had given to my son just before arriving.  She went back to the table and was met with blank stares when she asked if anyone had cleared it.  The bus boy said, "yeah, I saw it."  She asked where it was and he just shrugged and said "probably in the trash."  Two people went back to the kitchen to look in the trash (the table was literally cleared less than ten minutes prior) and they couldn't find it.  No apologies, just shrugs and attitude.  Really?  This is good customer service??
My husband was not impressed at all by the overall attitude of any of the servers and said he would not be returning.   Everyone just seemed a little too big for their britches, like they were doing the customers a favor.The beer was delicious, the menu had great variety but wasn't overwhelming. Just enough unique dishes to make us want to come back and try something new, and a good amount of standard selections. Sweet potato fries and dipping sauces were out of this world, definitely coming back for them. Burgers were good. It is possible to make a bad burger, just head across the street to Campbell's Place for an example of how NOT to make a burger. So thank god Iron Hill can do a burger right. Not mind-blowing, but  it is exactly what I want out of a burger. Didn't try it, but their take out special of two flat breads and a growler for $25 sounded awesome.Average bar food with a nice beer selection. Nothing spectacular, but definitely a wide variety of food items to choose from. A good spot for a large crowd with differing food preferences.went again, the hostess has a nasty attitude and should NOT be the first person who greets customers.
our server was delightful! and our food was fun, festive and yummy (oktoberfest).Well-made beers that are highly drinkable and designed, I assume, to be inoffensive to a certain segment of the population that knows it should not be drinking Heineken. 
Lousy nachos. I counted the black beans on the last batch (yes, though they're lousy I've ordered them more than once)---18 beans, plus a few that were discovered later under the bottom chips.
Whatever I had last time was delicious, whatever it was. 
This place raises the question again of the mystery of "atmosphere"---there's just something about this Iron Hill that makes me want to keep coming back, although neither the beer nor the food themselves are big draws. Something about the light, maybe...
Really, it's a fine spot for refreshment in the middle of a Chestnut Hill excursion.Always good food, service and beer, but the new interior design in Media totally destroyed the overall ambiance - all to add 50 new seats. Never saw a bar facing a long wall, and such bright lights. The place now reminds me of a German beer hall.  Big mistake.this is a beer place.  there is always a good selection of regular and special offerings. they seemingly are all well made, and generally fairly priced. it seems that the trend is to make beers with way to much alcohol, so you may need to be careful on what you order. 
the food is good.  most of the menu, though, i just don't want at a pub. the food program here wants to be fine dining. the beer generally says that it should be otherwise. 
most of the food selections are also over priced. adding insult to injury, portion sizes are definitely small.  
it's no secret that iron hill has wannabe pretensions for the food program, and match the quality of the brewing. i'd prefer to see more menu choices that go with beer better. larger food portions wouldn't hurt, either. in my opinion, this would make iron hill a solid 4 star destination.Iron Hill distinguishes itself from other Chestnut Hill restaurants with its large dining room/bar area and its Happy Hour specials. The on-site brewery turns out beers that are mostly good, with the occasional outstanding beer along with the occasional disaster. They also have a 2-Pizzas-and-a-Growler special that is the best value on the hill. The menu features several vegetarian-friendly options. None of their fare is to die for, but the menu is loaded with quality options at decent prices, and the happy hour and ever-changing beer selection keep me coming back.Family and I have been coming here since it opened, not sure why I haven't reviewed it before.  Beer is solid, with the occasional outstanding varietal on tap.  5 or 6 house standards and then usually 4-5 seasonal or specialty beers.  Not sure why Iron Hill as a chain doesn't have a house IPA, but they usually have at least one on here.  
Beer is pricey though!  Way pricier than it should be at a brew pub.  $6.50+ and sometimes that's only 10 or 12oz glasses.  Growler fills are $18 - $25 which is crazy for a brewpub.  Other locals are closer to $10-$13 for a fill.
Menu is a huge (literally and physically) book that should offer something for everyone.  We usually stick to the pizzas, and pub sandwiches as the regular entrees are pricey.  Nachos are good, but served with raw jalapeno (why not pickled?) and parts of the nachos were inedible due to WAY too much salt.  Sweet potato fries are a hit that we get every time, but it seems like the serving size is pretty random.
Can get very crowded with hour + waits on weekending evenings - definitely make reservations.  Good for families and kids and does offer wifi, though there seems to be a limited number of connections supported.
One big complaint, though not necessarily against Iron Hill is the one public lot right behind them recently had about 12 spaces "reserved" for a real estate firm employees (though with no hours listed as to when the public can park in them).  Add that to the PPA paid lot down the street having about 15 "reserved for PNC bank employee" spots and parking is getting ridiculous in the area.Soooo . . . Quite a disappointing (understatement) visit to Iron Hill last night. Beer was good. We don't mind paying good money for a good meal. 4 diners and $215 later, and I think I'm done with Iron Hill. While our service was outstanding (thank you Derek) The nacho appetizer contained barely any cheese. The Little Neck clam and scallops were unacceptable due to 2 of the clams not opening (there were only 10 to the order, so 2 was a lot) and so much salt as to render it inedible. 2 of us ordered salmon, smashed fingerlings and asparagus ($18 each), but the salmon portions were only 4 ounces each. Plus THE SALT! It ruined the dish, although I forced myself to eat it. Our dining companions were satisfied with their burgers, but again super overpriced. Was looking forward to a break on this Saturday night, but food was beyond subpar, and way overpriced. Spend your money elsewhere!Based on their beer alone, I'd absolutely make a trip back to Iron Hill. They offer tasty brews, and this location is primo, with lots of great shops and local eats nearby. This was the variety in their beer selection was awesome, with some nice refreshing, light choices for the summer. Their pre-picked flights are only $6, and I had a decent buzz after sipping on my four little pours. If you're ordering one beer at a time, you can choose from about 3-4 different sizes. I like having that option.
I came here on a gloomy Saturday afternoon and snagged free parking in a residential area one block over. There was plenty of metered street parking, but it's mostly a 2 hour time limit. The vibe inside was nicer, less industrial, than I expected. It felt kinda like a nice-ish steak house -- you get me? My friend and I sat at the bar and indulged in some World Cup action in between conversations. It was surprisingly busy at the bar given the day and time, but I made friends with a man sitting next to me who turned out to be a Yelp Elite! 
Service was okay. There was only one bartender when we arrived, and he was nice, but clearly overwhelmed with the volume of people. I don't blame him.I went here for lunch. It was pretty early in the day so my only real issue is my usual issue with chestnut hill, parking. We found a spot in back of the restaurant. It was not crowded at all and the host let us pick our own table. We sat in the front by the bar. The menu selections are okay and nothing jumps out at me as a ohhh I want to try this. Luckily the server brought us a lunch menu of specials. Off of there I ordered a steak house burger. My guest got the Garcia pizza and a cup of soup. We got two sodas. The bill was 43 dollars. I thought that was kind of a lot for lunch. The food was good. Fresh. Hot. I liked my burger and got sweet potato fries which I really liked. The pizza was good too. The crust was thin and not over done. Our server was very friendly and treated us well.Solid menu that is updated fairly frequently, so you don't get bored of what they serve if you are a regular.  Unfortunately they used to have an egg roll sampler that I was a huge fan of which was the victim of a menu update, but the food was still solid.  I'm a fan of their beers as well.  Book a reservation if you're coming on a Friday or Saturday night - otherwise you'll be in for a long wait.Apparently,  they can take a reservation, but they can't hold the reservation.  Made a reservation for 7:15.  Checked in at 7:05 and was told it would be a few minutes.  45 minutes later the hostess asked if my family of 5 would be willing to squeeze into a booth for 4!!!  Are you kidding me!!!  Waited 10 more minutes and was told they were still waiting for a table for us.  Needless to say, we left !!!   Horrible Service.  Can't comment on food, never ate any!!!!With a nice selection of craft beers and a huge menu, everybody will find something to enjoy.  Sit in the bar area when the windows are folded open and you'll enjoy a very pleasant evening.This is an update to my original review. 
I am writing this update because my friends and I went this past Sunday and our server was absolutely fantastic. If you go and want to have excellent customer service, ask for Brent to be your server. Iron Hill - this guy was friendly, accurate, didn't let our drinks get empty, and did what he could to make sure we had a great dining experience. 
I am leaving my rating the same because we are regulars here. I'd like to see our dining experiences continue to improve and will adjust my rating if they do!
My main points are that Iron Hill struggles with:
1. Customer Service: For being such a large chain, this should be amazing and their employee policies should already be hammered out. Drinks should be at the table quickly and refilled regularly. Orders shouldn't be regularly wrong. Checks should be split upon request without complaint from the wait staff. 
2. Prices are a bit on the high side for the quality that you get. Burgers aren't stellar (although good), some meals are only decent.I've gone here a number of times since I wrote my last update. This last time, we waited 40 minutes for our entrees, and when they finally came out, the entire order was wrong. 
Luckily the manager was able to rectify the situation. The food was good, and Iron Hill continues to be a good place to sink back, eat and enjoy conversations. 
I'll go back, but there are things I'd like to see improved.Poor service, food average-server made an error on my order, then tried to charge me extra for the error. When I pointed out the issue, she hesitated and said, "I'll see what I can do."If you would have asked me a month ago, I would've told you that the best place to get a burger and a beer in South jersey is iron hill.  Their Zeus burger (half lamb, half beef) is out of this world.  But how does any self-respecting brew pub with awesome burgers decide to switch from brioche buns to a potato roll?  A soggy potato roll which is appropriate when serving up grilled frozen burgers in your back yard is not appropriate for a serious brew pub.  Whoever made that decision is basically saying we will charge you $15 for a burger but we don't care if it tastes good or if the bun disintegrates before you finish it.  I won't be back again.  Oh well.  Nothing lasts forever.The beer selection is not bad, but the service is horrific, and the food is not great. The lack of service there makes you feel like they do not want you to order something. I have been there twice, and both times my wife and I were tempted to leave due to not being waited on, and we are quite patient people. It is our fault for going back a second time, but I like to give places two chances before I write a review. It is an upbeat, family friendly restaurant, but really frustrating when waiting over 50 minutes for glasses of water to come to the table.Great beer. Great cocktails.  Pretty good food.  I wish they had more vegetarian options.Charming atmosphere and very friendly bartenders. The beer was great and enjoyed the subtle variations they made on the classic styles.Let's be fair here, it has only been open for a week.  I have been to all the IHB's in Pa and was pleasantly surprised at how efficient the one in Chestnut Hill was running for being so new.  I visited them opening night and again Friday night.  On opening night we came in with a party of 8 without reservations.  It was very busy but we found two high tops that the hostess was more than happy to pull together for us.  We all sat and put in our drink orders.  The drinks took a little longer than "normal" to come out but no one cared because it was OPENING NIGHT!  We ordered a few appetizers for the table which all came out quickly and were delicious.  FYI try the sweet potato fries with the dipping sauces and the buffalo chicken egg rolls.  We all had a chance to meet and chat with the head brewer and the owner who were both very pleasant.  Despite ordering only a few apps we were able to sit and enjoy our drinks for a couple hours without our server expressing any sense of urgency to turn her table over for a party actually ordering entrees.  Great first experience!
2nd Trip
Holy sh-t, Friday around 7, this place was packed to the gills.  We strolled up to the hostess who informed us the wait for a party of two would be close to two hours.  As with other Iron Hills the bar area is seat yourself.  So we decided to post up and scout out a table.  We stood for about 15 minutes before a table opened up.  We quickly grabbed it while elbowing a few old ladies out of our way(we had to make it to Plymouth meeting by 9:30 for a movie) and were promptly greeted by our exuberant, pixie of a waitress. We put in our drink and appetizer orders.  Buffalo chicken egg rolls and sweet potato fries, yah they're that good.  There was a bit of confusion about the drinks as I had just become a mug club member and was brought a normal pint.  No sweat, got a free beer out of it.  Our waitress was running all over the place taking orders bringing out food and doing other waitress stuff.  We did end up waiting what some may call "awhile" before ordering our main courses but again...THEY JUST OPENED!  To wrap it all up, food came out quickly, I got the scallops ( amazing) she got the chicken salad sandwich. Devoured the food, got the check, bing, bang, boom we made it to the theater with 20 minutes to spare.
Even if you have the formula down to a science, (which Iron Hill does) it is not going to guarantee a flawless opening.  But I think they did a hell of a job getting the place together in such a short time frame  And an even better job having it run so smoothly after only a couple days.  So give it some time if you had a unsatisfactory experience.  If it's still not up to your standards after that....go somewhere else.I am a regular here. When I heard that Iron Hill was coming to Chestnut Hill I was ecstatic along with my friends. I was excited to have a restaurant in Chestnut Hill that had a good business structure and staff expectations that would set a good example for other local businesses. I've often felt that local businesses in CH haven't had to provide excellence in service because there wasn't enough competition. 
I'm afraid that a year later, our local Iron Hill is turning out to be a disappointment to me. I am a Mug Club member and think the program is great. I think the food here is pretty good and the beer is quality. It comes down to the service. I've held off on posting a review because Iron Hill was really packed for most of this first year. But it seems that on each of our visits (even when they're not packed) there is just something that is off. Whether it be that a server doesn't bring drinks out, or barely checks on us, or gets an order wrong, or has an attitude... there is almost always something wrong. I'm afraid it's just become part of the culture here. We have tried on a few occasions politely writing and informing the management, but it seems that things aren't changing.
A quick example is that when seated, it usually takes several minutes to be greeted by a waiter and much too long to receive drinks. Oftentimes, I have to ask multiple times for a refill and sometimes my glass will be empty for an entire meal while I'm reassured by the waiter that I'll get a refill soon only to see him off taking other orders. In one case I asked for a check and waited 10 minutes while watching a waiter stand near the bar and speak with a co-worker. 
It's just basic customer service issues. Come on Iron Hill, please set some policies and enforce them for our sake! We want to come and enjoy it. I really want to love this place, but I absolutely will stop going here and plan to do so soon. 
I give it two stars for the Mug Club and beer.Open seating in main room is very uncomfortable. You basically circle and try and pounce on a table when you see guests getting ready to leave. Turned my stomach.
You can make reservations for the back room.
The serer was nice and attentive but food price points are high based on presentation and ingredients.
The beers (IPA) was o.k. but very hoppy for my taste.
Too many t.v.'sFood value really sucks, every time I come here I say I'm never coming back. Portions small, flavor worse, mix drinks terrible, menu just as bad. Beer is good. Needs new chef.This is our go-to local spot on the hill.OK, it's a bit institutional but they manage to pull off the consistency thing pretty well for a really bustling eatery.Help is always pleasant and the food/drink dependable.The food is consistently good here, the service always prompt and friendly, and the array and diversity of the beers is always great. Iron Hill has grown into the level of a chain restaurant which oftentimes can lead to experience issues, but I don't see it here.  Every time I am there, almost every aspect is as it should be at a local restaurant. They fit in very nicely in Chestnut Hill because of this.
They would be a 5-star review if it wasn't for the host staff at the front. I've been here several times, and the hostesses are snooty with me. I've been calling the restaurant this week to buy a keg for an event, and the process is easy except for the hostesses who answer my calls and sound annoyed that I bother them with putting me in touch with Chris the brewer.
But yea, 4 stars still makes me come back! Great work.I grew up in Mt. Airy - I know all about failed businesses in Chestnut Hill (especially restaurants), so when I saw that this Iron Hill was opening, and when I saw how nice it looked, I was so happy and all I wanted was for this place to do well - so I am sad to have to write this review.  ALSO, IF BASED ON THE QUALITY OF THEIR BEER ALONE, I would give it 4-5 stars - but there is more to the experience than that.
Me and my friends from high school were home on break - we had not seen each other in so long, seeing that we all now live in random college towns across the country.  So we decide to meet up at a local restaurant to get some food and have a few beers, tell some funny college stories, you know?
So we get there and are seated, and we are all ordering beer.  They ask to see all our IDs.  No problem! We are all now 21! So we hand them our IDs.  Everything is going fine until we get to the last ID, my one friend.  He has been abroad for the past 5 months and just got back into the country.  And what happened? His PA drivers license had expired just days earlier.  He had no idea, I mean, who knows that they have an expired ID, its kind of like driving with a taillight that is out.
We tell the waiter that he just got back into the country, he did not know, we show him like 4 other forms of ID.  But no, this one kid can't order a beer.  Okay, rules are rules, BUT IT GETS WORSE.  "Okay fine, I won't drink" he says, but we all still want our beers.  "Actually, none of you can drink at the same table as him if he is under 21".  "But he isn't under 21" we say.  "Well how do I know that?" the waiter responds, and we say, "because you just saw his ID!!!"  "Well that ID is expired so we cannot except it."  If you like, I can sit him at the table next to you, or you guys could sit at the bar and he can stay here, but you can't sit at the same table".
The waiter also wasn't saying, "I am so sorry I really wish I could serve you but I would get in trouble with my manager".  He was being an A$$ about it, a self entitled jerk.  Almost like a security guard who finally has some power and he will use any chance he can get to abuse that power.
I understand the rules and the laws.   PA law cites that if someone is under 21 at a table, to order alcohol you must be at least 25 years or older.  But we are all 21, and my friend is 21, it is just that his ID expired a week earlier (he had gotten back into the country the day before).  So it really is just throwing our business out the door.
I believe that the Iron Hill Brewery chain does not care much for the demographic ages 21-25 because I have had other experiences at other iron hills regarding IDs that were much worse than this one.Very nice atmosphere, high ceilings, fantastic lighting and decor. Played fun upbeat music, the severs are all very nice. Great bear selection, my favorite draft beer is the house IPA, ORE. Goat/Artichoke Cheese Dip is fresh, creamy and memorable. Known for their pizza so I couldn't resist, the Garcia Pizza( perfect). Also ordered the Fish N Chips (delicious).Second time I ate here was during Harry Potter Festival- over an hour long wait so I find tiny stools at the bar and say "eh- can we sit here?" no problem! (really?!) ok, so now I'm totally expecting to be forgotten about for about 20 minutes because it was, well, packed and I makeshift sat us... nope!  Prompt, pleasant service with yummy hot food and cold drink on time!
I'm not sure how this was humanly possible, no one even gave off the impression of being "in the weeds" (and I'm kinda certain I may have even walked through the servers' "area" trying to find the restroom!) instead everyone was nice and professional- I mean everyone!  Like a utopian society brew pub.  (ok, maybe that's a little over the top, but you get the point)
Yeah- unnaturally nice people, yummy treats, professional service on a crazy day.  Wow.  Now, add little egg rolls to your "small plates" and change the pepper stuffing from feta to goat cheese and you'll be a 5 start Yelp ;-)
Oh, and beer soup!!!! Yes, this exists- smiling people, beer soup and cold pints.  
Thanks for lunch!I hope it was just a really bad day, but I went for lunch and it turned into a 2 hour lunch... and not because we wanted to waste time. Food took forever to come out, and our server frequently disappeared for long periods of time. The place was busy, but it didn't look like any of the tables were turning over quickly. Most places are fast at lunch because they know people may have to go back to work! 
The food was fine, but not really worthy of the prices. I may give them another shot at some point, but I'm not going to suggest it to anyone.Stopped in with friends this afternoon for lunch.  Sat ourselves at a high top at the bar area.  Our waiter... ZERO personality and completely flat affect.   Took our orders after a seemingly long time.  Our food was brought out quite a bit later by someone else and we never saw our waiter again until he gave us our check, which I had to ask for.  Never got water or drink refills because we never saw him again.    We gave him 3 credit cards and told him how much to put on each card. Now granted, I know that can be a PITA to deal with.  However, his "why can't you just split the bill in thirds.  It's about the same price."  attitude was not appreciated.  Sure, we could have but I ordered a drink and didn't necessarily want my friends to pay for my drink.    Food was decent.  I had the pulled pork and it was tasty.  The cole slaw lacked a bit of flavor.  Fries were pretty good.  Everyone else seemed to like their meals as well.Super tasty and refreshing Raspberry Wheat beer. Calamari done just right. Had the special Crab and Artichoke Pizza on malted barley dough. Wow good. I don't give out five stars willy nilly but this place is deserving. Plus prices while not cheap will not break you.  $13 for a pitcher in Chestnut Hill - not too bad.We've visited a few more times, both eating in and for takeout. Its been a consistently good experience. Decent beers, pretty good pizza and nice specials.
No one gives us funny looks for having a squirmy toddler with us either so that's always a plus.I tried a bunch of beers, but I had the Lex Luthor DIPA and the Oompa Loompa Stout, and they were absolutely orgasmic.  Augh, so much deliciousness.  I've been to various other Iron Hills; the food is consistently good, and they have a bunch of healthy options.  I come here for da brews, though.Iron Hill Brewery is an easy place for a family with differing tastes. The restaurant is spacious, and perfect for big and small parties alike. The menu is very typical "American" with a little bit of everything. For reference, this is where we took my grandfather out to dinner - a simple menu he could find something on, and easy to navigate without too much noise. 
I had the MOROCCAN SALMON, but didn't care for it very much. The salmon was a bit overcooked, and the sauces lacked a flavorful buzz. My brother enjoyed his turkey burger, my mom her caesar salad, and my grandfather is pizza, though. 
An easy, reliable fall-back option.I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant, especially for a chain. Our server was super knowledgable, efficient, got all of our orders correct, and was good with refilling drinks. The food was great! I got the ale and onion soup, which was delicious. The I got the mussels and frites for dinner, the mussels were perfectly cooked, not fishy at all and no grit. The fries were one of the best I've tasted and the rosemary mayo dipping sauce took the dish to a whole other level. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because It is still a chain restaurant.My husband and I come here occasionally to grab a good weekend lunch. We finally went in for a nice quiet night out for dinner. Usually we are bar diners, but it was full as it was around 8pm on a Saturday night. So we grabbed a table in the bar/ cocktail area. 
Our waiter, I never got to ask his name, but I think it said Brian on our receipt, was fantastic!!! He got us water right away, and even though we couldn't decide on our dinner, got our drink order so we didn't have to wait. (He even taught me how to properly pronounce the name of something I was ordering, to which I was admittedly clueless)
The food was also fantastic, as it always is. I highly recommend the red quinoa salad, it comes with craisins and mandarin oranges, and is perfect to start any meal without filling yourself up. I had an entree off of the "healthy choices" section of the menu, the Moroccan salmon dish, it was amazing! My husband got the NY strip and loved it! 
I look forward to coming back and trying new things and also getting some of my old favorites!! Love love love Iron hill!!!Where to start....
Went there last night with my bf -
Service was horrible! Beyond slow. And our server didn't check in on us at all during our meal. We had to hunt him down every time we needed something, then it would take him 15 mins or more to fill our request. The table next to us sat down after us and finished their entire appetizer before we even received ours. I had the seafood pot pie, he had the chicken pot pie for dinner. I was violently ill all night, he was sick as well but not to the severe degree that I was.
Neither of us plans to ever return again. If you still choose to risk eating there after reading this review - be warned that customer service is not a priority here and stay away from the pot pies.I always forget to review this place, yet have a such a good experience every time I go  there. Guess if it weren't located where it was, I might not frequent it.
But Iron Hill is the halfway point between my mom in the country and me in the city. Before it opened, we'd go to one of the dank and grungy local bars, even on bright and sunny days--few other options (that are still open). Thought he farmer's Market is making a comeback. But I digress...
I'm happy Iron Hill came to the Hill as it's a great addition to the pretty much non-existent Chestnut Hill dining scene of revolving openings and closures.
Don't get me wrong--this is not a foodie paradise. It doesn't have daring dishes and a hip atmosphere. 
What it does offer is great food at a great price, and there's plenty of it. Not to mention very friendly staff, an extra large menu with fresh and tasty salads, soups, apps, burgers, entrees, desserts, beers, and pizzas. (The Asian chicken lettuce wraps and fajita chicken salad are my faves.) 
It does what it does well, and you can take almost anyone there and they'd find something they'd like. So it's a good spot for groups or picky eaters. And a great post-hike spot for brunch for Wissahickon hikers.I woul like to start with the service. Once you walk through the door with a reservation, my party sat down immediately, no waiting. Amanda was an excellent server and I would highly recommend her to everyone who enters the Iron Hill Brewery. Finally, Carl the manager of the establishment was even tentative to our needs.
      Now the food! Excellent! Chilean sea bass, teriyaki chicken w/ sweet potato fries, and chicken quesadilla for the girls. The samples of beer were mistakenly devoured and thank you for your efforts.Went here for an impromptu date night. It was close to the arrangements for baby sitting.
Staff were friendly and we got to our seat quickly. After calling in a reservation only an hour or less before.
Waitress was quick to say hello and provide service. She was patient as we delayed some on ordering. 
I of course chose a beer to drink, one of my favorites Beire De Garde(sp).It came out in a large glass, more than you usually get with a belgian. They have a good minimal selection of beers. 
The food we ordered was good. I had a fried goat cheese appetizer. It was smallish in size and game on a salad. It was delicious. I just wanted more of the fried cheese. 
My wife had a Red Quinoa salad. She liked it. I tasted and liked my appetizer better.
We both ordered a healthy portion meal. I had beef medallions. They were cooked according to request. The sauce was tasty. The mashed potatoes were as expected. And the asparagus were cooked right, they just looked pale. 
My wife had a Moroccan Salmon entree. I heard nothing about it, but it was all gone. So it must have been good.
We ordered one dessert to share. I wish I had not. It was a Banana Bread pudding with a rum sauce and ice cream. It was delicious. We were cleaning every last bit of the sauce up. Just small in size to share. 
Over all, it was a decent meal and I would have no question returning to this location.Ugh I'm so torn about this place. I want to LOVE it i really really do...but I just can't. it's like a mediocre date that you keep going back to thinking it'll get better but it just stays right where it's at a three star rating. 
We've been here a handful of times since it opened and I will definitely keep coming back because the beers are good, the food is decent and it's close by. But boy oh boy is chestnut hill blowing up the scene in this joint!! Its like this neighborhood has been craving a joint like this cause it is always packed. I have never been able to just walk in and find a table, whether in the large bar area or in the dining room. Actually, I've never even sat foot in the dining room because they always have a ridiculous wait. I'm talking 45 min to an 1 1/12 every.single.time. I mean seriously, how can that possibly be?! Weeknights included! And the hostesses are always snooty (I'd use another word but I'm trying to be nice). The hightop bar tables are first come first serve so you literally circle the joint like a shark until a table opens up. Luckily we've only given up once and went to a different place because we were on a tight  schedule and didnt feel up to the race...theres a lot of pressure. I can say though, once you do find a table it always surprises me how little I notice other people scouting out tables around us. So if you are up for it, don't have a reservation and want decent bar food and are in the neighborhood, this place will fulfill your needs. They also have quite a few TVs playing the games. The place is loud but it's also big and the ceilings are high.My boyfriend and I came for dinner after an afternoon exploring the area. Originally, he was drawn by the root beer floats, but we'd gotten ice cream earlier, so no dessert. We sat in the restaurant area. The whole place was dimly lit. The hostess was friendly and made conversation with us, and the waiter was nice as well though we were left for a while waiting to order and again for the check. Nobody even passed by, but it was fine.
I ordered the vegetable penne and my boyfriend got the seafood pot pie. We were served some bread that was pretty good. The food was okay, nothing more. I wish my pasta had much more vegetables and much less sauce. The crust part of the pot pie was just a circle of dough laid atop the seafood, and it wasn't that good. The filling was too creamy for my taste. We both had enough left over for lunch the next day (then again, we'd just had ice cream).
All in all, it was a nice restaurant with friendly people, but the food wasn't that great.Get The Salmon Egg Rolls
Wow...The Kryptonite IPA is good...if you are unsure..get the sampler...it will help you make a decision.  Although I am not much into chain restaurants - it's worth it here for the beer selection.  The food is very consistent across all the IRB that I have been to so far.  My favorites are the Calamari, Salmon egg rolls, Crab Cakes and the wings of course..give them all a try.
The Chestnut Hill location can get crowded, so be prepared to wait at times.Richard was the best server! He was sweet and accommodating to our large group. The chicken teriyaki lettuce wraps were really delicious and the atmosphere was fun and upbeat. We will definitely return.Excellent for those with gluten allergies - an abnormal amount of variety, and they carry pretty good GF rolls - my wife especially loves that they offer gluten free buffalo wings.  Multiple meals and we've yet to experience any cross-contamination issues.
Sunday specials are the best - prime rib, soup, and a house beer or wine for around $20?  It can't be beat.Meh.
Had brunch yesterday.   Fantastically expensive looking on the inside in a sort of suburban mall way.  
Eggs Benedict:  a dish I long for done correctly.  Meh.
Dessicated corn muffin and overly sweet fruit salad to start (complimentary) - tasted like the fruit wasn't ripe so they just dumped sugar on it.  
Bloody Mary:  a salt lick with no alternative.
Water was clear.
Waitress was terrific.
Meh.
I guess what I am saying is, if you want to eat in mid-range hotel lobby in an ex-urban sort of atmosphere and food doesn't matter then this is the place.  HUGE beer selection.  I guess thats good.Great food, great drinks! It doesn't get any better than that! Great spot for vegetarians!The food at iron Hill Brewery Chestnut Hill is very good, the service is not. Some of the waitresses have attitudes, they didn't clear off the table when we were finished with our soup. The dirty dishes were left on the table the  whole time we were there, she made us sit there a long time before coming back to check on whether we needed anything or not, she finally came and asked if we need the check and then I took another long period of time before bringing it, and then when I gave her my credit card that took another long time. This is the second time this has happened to me at this location. I'm a very good tipper but she didn't get  a good tip today. iron Hill needs to hire better waitresses that have a good attitude and know how to service people, they need better training.We were there Saturday night August 8th around 8:30pm. Food was ok. Server was cool. The hostess on the other hand wasn't so good. She was on her phone as we stood in front of her waiting to be acknowledged. When she did look up it was like we were bothering her. I mean, I'll go back but I hope their first point of contact with customers is a little more pleasant next time.Always dependable and good food.  Beers are excellent (specialty).The atmosphere was very vibrant on a friday night. i was glad to see that the interior was huge. glad we got a booth because there looked like a long wait. i recommend reservations! 
our waiter was friendly and got our food correct. he was knowledgable about the beer my mom ordered. the food came out quickly and it was piping hot. i was pleased with the flavors of the food. the french onion soup i got was deeeeeelicious!! and my mom loved her mushroom bisque. i also had the spicy chicken fiesta salad. it was a perfect portion. very spicy tho! and for dessert we had apple pie that was good but nothing to write home about. overall it was a positive experience and super close to my house. i will be back!Went on a Thursday night (first time visitors) with my wife and thought the place was great. My son, a [little] man of few words, even commented on the impressive variety on the kids menu! I was in a burger/fries/beer mood and I will admit that it was one of the best burgers I've had in quite some time. Bun was fresh (pet peeve #1) and fries were crisp (pet peeve #2). Beer was solid (went with two pints of the IPA Jr., which I recommend for anyone looking for a summer time beer on the lighter side). My wife ordered a shrimp dish off the healthy menu, tacked on a side salad, and enjoyed both. The kiddo, a chicken finger connoisseur, remarked that they were "awesome!" when asked for purposes of this review. 
I see other reviewers complaining about the service. We didn't have any issues on our end for what it's worth and would suggest that you plan a visit during off peak hours before rushing to judgment. I've seen the place packed to the gills when driving by on Friday evenings and can easily see how the wait time may detract from enjoyment. But, when viewed through a different lens...perhaps the wait time is long b/c the restaurant is really good!Put the salmon rolls back on the menu so that I can update this review to 5 stars. Lol. Seriously, I enjoy going to Iron Hill. Friendly staff, great beer selection. The food is descent. I like the fried Brussels sprouts, calamari, (l loved the salmon rolls but you took them away from me lol). The Brussel sprouts are "hit or miss" lately.  However, this is a great place to try! They're opening a new location downtown!!! Can't wait to try it.The service is average, but the food is amazing and the beer was delicious and very cheap!
Can't remember which beer I got but it was $6 for 22oz I think, cheap and good. 
I got the mushroom soup which was creamy and warm. It comes with this soft bread that has Rosemary in it I think, perfect combo. I also got the fried chicken entree. I never get chicken out, but cravings took over and my server said it was good. IT WAS GREAT. Hot, moist, crispy! I've been thinking about this meal all night lol, can't wait to go back.The service was EXCELLENT!! The beer is okay and the food is AWFUL! I ordered a shrimp appetizer that consisted of six shrimp barbeque sauce, rice and sour cream - does that sound appetizing???Usually very delicious, the ribs I got tonight were flat out awful. They should be embarrassed for having them come out of the kitchen. Sometimes their food is truly delicious, but their vendor must be giving them scraps or they have people in the kitchen who don't know what they're doing.I was a little disappointed by the food here.  I got the salmon burger which overwhelmingly tasted like ginger and my dinner companion's burger was way overcooked.  The burger was also 14 bucks which I thought was a bit steep for an underwhelming cheeseburger.  I did stop in at the location in Media and got the salmon salad which was pretty outstanding.  The service however has always been excellent as is the beer.Purpose: dinner 
Time: weeknight approx 7pm
Ordered: banh mi salmon burger and fried goat cheese appetizer
+excellent beer selection (really liked golden IPA and money,cash, hops)
+interesting menu variety
+fried goat cheese A+
+friendly service 
+reasonable wait 
I enjoyed the beer and the food.  Would definitely come back again.Very efficient brewpub, with a wide selection of food.
I had an interesting barley/shrimp bisque and an excellent Ahi tuna salad plus a pint of beer for $38 all in.Updated review - first review was Oct. 2014.  We used to come here about every other month, and I guess sometime in 2015 the brewer left or a different location and the beers have not been anywhere near as good.  We still stop in about 2x per year (until yesterday) but it's been very underwhelming.  
Yesterday stopped in for lunch.  Started with our usual sweet potato fries, which is normally a nice pile with 4 dipping sauces.  This one came out and was about 5 or 6 thick cut fries with only 2 dips.  Probably about 1/3 of the size of the normal order, but at 100% of the normal price.  Wife's entree came with guacamole, which came out as a disgusting brownish gray lump of old guacamole.  How that could have ever left the kitchen is beyond me - until I got to my chicken sandwich.  Where to even start with this mess...  The roll was all squished in on one side and not even close to round.  In addition to it's sad appearance it was incredibly stale.  The chicken "breast" was about a 1/3 of a real chicken breast - literally smaller than a boneless thigh.  And to top it off a good portion of the 2 bacon slices were raw.  All of that for $12.95.  Manager was nice enough and they brought out better guacamole and took the sandwich off the bill, but if this is the quality of food they're serving I can't see them lasting much longer.Outstanding service and food. Mom had lump crab on linguine and I had the jaegersnitzal. . Both were outstanding, the pasta was loaded with crab, hot and delicious. 
The pork was perfectly booked, with an awesome mushroom gravy, hot buttered noodles and green beans. It was fabulous and full of flavor.
Ended with a great cup of coffee. Perfect meal, perfect service.Eating here wasn't my first experience with Iron Hill; I've been to the one in West Chester and the one in Media. I'm gluten free and really appreciate their gluten free menu. My friend and I both had the scallops from that menu, plus a salad. The scallops were perfectly cooked--not too well done. Although the salad was a little overdressed, the dressing itself was delicious. 
We were seated quickly (but, in fairness, it was mid-afternoon), and our server was attentive and pretty knowledgeable about the food. The prices seem in line wtih everything else in the area. 
Sure, I'd go back. Definitely.Great service.  Ordered the Garcia pizza and added chicken. The pizza looked beautiful but void of any flavor. So disappointed.   Came here on a recommendation but will not be coming backMy lady and I had dinner there one night and the meal service was great better than I thought it would be, today Friday April 13 2018 I'm headed for brunchThis place is getting one star for one reason only: a VERY BAD SERVICE experience.  I just had lunch here today for the first time with my parents.  Our actual waitress was friendly and attentive, however the girl who brought out our food was beyond rude.  We ordered 3 lunch items for the 3 of us.  She brought out 2 items and said "Enjoy" as if that was all we ordered.  I stopped her before she took off and mentioned that there was one more item we were expecting.  Instead of saying "Oh it's on it's way" or something to indicate that the remainder is coming, she said in a huff "UGH!  I only have TWO HANDS!" and then stomped off.  Everyone at the table was shocked.       
The food was good and lunch was pleasant, but the whole experience put such a bad taste in my mouth that I doubt I'll go back.  As someone who just moved to the neighborhood, it's a shame to have bad experiences like this at places that you're trying for the first time.I Recently(two days) visited Iron Hill Brewery. There food is absolutely great. The bread really sucked me in...I always request Parmesan cheese and olive oil for dipping. The softeness of the bread is breathtaking. 
For my entree I got the voodoo Chicken pizza which could feed 2 people. It's filled with flavor a little spicy from the sauce.i love spicy so that was good for me. The prices can vary most items are prices accordingly with the food market. Appetizers range from 9$ to 15$ and entrees 15$ to 30$. I highly recommend this place for a nice dinner for the family or two. The beer deserves it's own review. My last two visits I've had the seasonal Belgian ale, Coco Loco. It's an heavy 8.9% and well worth the 6.95$! Cards are always accepted and a full bar is always available.We've gotten takeout twice from Iron Hill and so far, its been an OK experience. The burgers, both veggie and beef are good. Their fries were pretty good as well. The pizza is nothing write home about, unless you like writing home about so so pizza. If that's the case, then you've got plenty to write home about. We tried the margherita pizza which was pretty good and the portobello which was just ok. The problem with this and all other pizza that I've tried so far in Philadelphia (so please take this for what it is because I've only had pizza from 4 places in Philadelphia) is that the crust just doesn't do it for me. Its very crispy but there's no soft, doughy quality to it. Maybe it IS the water. 
I got their $25 two pizzas and a growler of beer special. Being that I'm the only beer drinker on the house, it was a good deal, however, I was tasked with taking down a growler (64oz) of beer by myself within the recommended 48 hour window. I went for the red lager because it was a 4.4% ABV so I could have a larger than normal serving without being laid out. The beer was pretty good. 
I'm sure we'll be back because its close to home and they have a decent selection of offerings. My search for good pizza, however, continues.Cool place with a great atmosphere. Great beers as well. I just stopped in for a few beers so I didn't have a chance to try the food.I am at iron hill chestnut hill. If I was opening at bar first hire be
would Joanna the bartender. Personality 10. Knows every 
part of her job 10. Food and beer are great. But this chick made
my visit a 10.Their veggie burgers are pretty solid. Kudos from a vegetarian.
Overall, though, the food tops out at "solid". It's not especially creative and at times dips towards mediocre. That'd be just fine if Iron Hill were a cheap and cheerful local diner, but it's kind of expensive and has pretensions to upscale-ness I'm not sure it's earned.The iron hill brewery in chestnut hill discriminates. My sister and I went there about two or three months ago, we waited for over an hour and witnessed them seat all the Caucasian customers, while leaving the African American customers standing and waiting, even though they had been there first. I wish I could give them no stars!!Outstanding, fun, great food and beer choices/specialties, and the service was outstanding.  This was a positive and fun occasion.  Server, Zahey, was exceptional.This is my go-to local dinner place. I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table and there is usually seating in the cocktail area if not in the proper dinner area. The waitstaff, hostesses, bartenders and managers are really friendly and professional. The service is really great here; they're willing to take difficult orders and alterations to menu items. They have a great selection of beers, and always have awesome specials. Even the desserts here are wonderful. I will say though that the menu, which I enjoy, is limited. It's definitely American food and while I like the range, my more adventurous partner is usually a bit stumped as to what to order and disappointed with the lack of exciting fare. Moderately priced, tried-and-true date spot, I definitely recommend. Also, the music the play is usually pretty great.Went late at night - Friday. Was pretty good. Nachos and pizza were great. Service was just fine. (not fantastic - we had to look for waitress to get check for quite awhile - but the place was almost empty) I recommend - as chain places go - it's pretty great.I guess I have to preface legitimize my review (as others have), by stating that I've been to the Media location.  I was at the Media location on a big game night (the place was packed and took forever to find an open table), and I was at the Chestnut Hill location on a Friday at lunch time- getting seated was easy peasy.
Not wanting anything too major, I decided on an appetizer (Beer Braised Brisket + Frites) and sampled the Vienna Red Lager and the Raspberry Wheat (free samples!)  Check the photos for pics of both of these.
Overall, I thought the food was good, service was pretty good (considering how new they were).  Our server was polite, helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable, but the service itself was borderline slow sometimes.  This wasn't a big deal, but I think made the difference between my lunch with coworkers from being a normal hour to being 1.5 hrs long.
My food was good.  Portion (appetizer-size) was huge.  I would definitely go back.  There are so many more things on the menu to try out.As far as what we've encountered so far in Philly, the food was decent. The calamari app was pretty small for the price but we found the rest of the food acceptable for price/taste/portions. Family-friendly so that's a plus. Our server, middle-aged blonde was rude. I believe it may have been a bit of a cultural difference, but she was cold. Maybe she had too many tables? A few special requests on our meal, extra cheese/dressing on the side, were ignored. The bar area seemed fun. Beer, booze and wine in one restaurant. For that reason alone, we will probably go back but ask for a different server,It was Friday night of Harry Potter weekend  in Chestnut Hill.  After drinking butterbeers and walking up and down the streets we go hungry and decided to come here.  The wait for a table was about 1.5 hours...wahhh! The bf and I ended up scouting a table from a nice lady sitting with her friends at the bar area.  Since there was the HP event going on it was busier than usual.  Hence the service was a bit slow.  Took a while for our table to be bused and reseted.  
I always like the seasonal beer selections here.  I was interested in the cowabunga porter and server brought back 3 samples including the cowabunga, tripel, and pumpkin.  I really enjoyed the cowabunga porter (dark like guinness) and the seasonal tripel.  The bf liked his sweet leaf ipa and new world pilsner.  
On to the food.  The brabant mussels is a nice change of pace from your usual white/red sauce.  Only downside was the portion size.  I thought we ordered the small size when in fact it was the full appetizer size.  Taste thumbs up, size thumbs down.  The bf enjoyed his medium smoky blue burger with blue cheese on the side.  He mentioned it was cooked to his liking.  I on the other hand somewhat enjoyed my seafood pot pie.  I prefer my pot pies to not just have the crust topping but in a pie shell with crust top.  It was a bit too creamy.  The ratio between stuffing and sauce was off.  I liked the crunchy top.  
Would be nice to come back here during warmer weather.  The windows in the bar area can be opened.  I think next time i'd stick to beers and apps only...happy hour?I had the turkey burger and sweet potato fries......I shall return!!!!!Update: I received a very sincere and professional note from the General Manager apologizing for my experience and promising to address with his staff. His note was a best-in-class example of customer service and professionalism. Will consider making a return visit to Iron Hill the next time I am in PA, to see if I have a better experience. Kudos to the GM for handling the situation properly.I was at this location of IHB for a rehearsal dinner recently, and it turned out to be a pretty decent spot for the event! 
The groom's family arranged a special deal for unlimited appetizers for two hours, and we paired this with a few pitchers of IHB's special brews. The beef brisket flatbread, mushroom pizzas, blue crab quesadillas, and hot and spicy wings all had a great unique taste and appearance - and really suited the occasion. Those who were vegetarians or had dietary restrictions were also satisfied with the options they had for the meal. 
When we arrived for the scheduled event, we were told we had to wait a bit to get the tables together - so we sat around 15-20 minutes after we had planned. Once seated, the service was pretty good, though we could've used some water refills and other small amenities that weren't offered immediately. 
I am a fan of the wide variety (and generous free samples) of the IHB house-crafted beers, and I know I'll be back again to sample some new ones in the near future.I probably shouldn't admit to how often I end up at Iron Hill, whether it's for a quick drink, easy weekday dinner out, or bringing friends and family to a comfortable, yummy place with a menu that everyone can find something they like. The food is consistently good and the staff is friendly, helpful and well trained.Went to this location on a Saturday night around 6:30. We made reservations ahead of time and arrived about 15 minutes early. The hostess was pretty snooty when telling us that we couldn't be seated until 6:30 on the dot. The place was pretty empty at that point so we just grabbed a seat in the bar area. There are a bunch of high-top tables & booths in the bar area so it was perfect. 
The micro-brews are excellent. Raspberry Wheat is my favorite. They are also pretty cheap at $5 for a 22oz. Also, a fly flew in my beer & our waiter refilled for free :)
A few favorites from the menu:
- sweet potato fries -- the dipping sauces are the best
- egg roll sampler -- cheesesteak is the best
- gumbo -- the best
- mushroom soup 
- burger was pretty good
- nachos are pretty boring but still tasty
I've been to about 3 different locations & they are all pretty similar. The menu is huge which is awesome but it's hard to choose! Sometimes  picking a few different appetizers to split & a bowl of soup is the perfect amount.I frequent this Iron Hill but last time I had a very bad experience. Our waitress was very rude and unfriendly. Our food was also not cooked to their normal standards. The french onion soup was not warm and the cheese was hardly melted. The sandwich was just gross, dry, and the ratio of meat to produce was very off, we could have ordered a veggie sandwich if thats what we wanted. Lastly, the pretzels were burnt. We would have returned things but the waitress did not return to our table and when she did she was very rude and we did not want more inappropriate behavior. 
Will be taking a break from Iron Hill for sure.I had a bowl of seafood bisque with a nice chunk of bread. It was my dinner and I was very satisfied. 
I was part of a group of 4 that grew to 16. This was an open networking event, so we had no idea how many people would show up. I appreciated the waitress (why didn't I get her name!) that asked at the beginning if we wanted separate checks (yes!) and gave wonderful, friendly service. I will say again, the service was great, since this is a big part of most dining experiences. 
Not everyone was as happy with their dish (one lady had the nachos and said they were stale) and not all portions were 'generous', but I can't wait to have the bisque again. It was fabulous. :)Our server was fun, interesting, and full of knowledge.  He was also a good salesmen and got us to buy a ton of drinks.  The food was top notch.
The only complaint was the portions.  We thought the app plates were a little thin.Great addition to Chestnut Hill. This is one of my husband and I's favorite restaurants in CH. haven't really had a meal we didn't enjoy. Beer selection is great. Wait staff have been decent as well. We went tonight for our anniversary (aww) and used open table for a reservation. We requested a booth. However we got a table. Not a huge deal. My husband ordered the fish and chips which we both really enjoy here. However, this time the portion size was much smaller than normal, and of course the price was the same. Still delicious. I had the chicken pot pie. Tasty but a bit too much salt. Beer again was great! We still love Iron Hill. Even with a few hiccups tonight.Great beer selection and extensive menu.  You should be able to find something you like.  Even us vegetarians!This is a wonderful place for a get together.  Centrally located, great service, outstanding food, and superb beer selection.  We came here as my out-of-town friends had a function in nearby Plymouth Meeting, although I normally frequented the media Iron Hill Brewery.  It was a welcome change of pace. Our reservations were honored on the spot.  The food was incredibly tasty, service was impeccable, and our waiter, Jason spent at least two hours making sure that we were all absolutely satisfied.  I had the salmon which was an outstanding selection and my other friends had steak and hamburger, this last one came accompanied with sweet potato fries instead of the otherwise more fattening French fried potatoes.  To top it off, Ironhill has free Wi-Fi which made the evening complete. Great conversation, great friends, great food, great service.Not that good but the beer is ok. We tried the grilled corned beef Rueben which was unremarkable and served on soggy bread. My upgrade of sweet potato fries was a bad idea. The fries were cooked in the same fryer as the fish they serve and remnants of beer batter were throughout the dish-uggghhh. We also shared a Thai chicken lettuce wrap dish. It was full of sugar and served on wilted lettuce. I asked the waitress if indeed the fries were cooked in the same fryer as the fish. She asked the kitchen and confirmed that it was so. It was not a place I would return to even though this was our second visit. The first visit was ok, not great, but ok.Excellent!! Great food and great beer.  Michael says the pimento cheese burger is the best burger he's ever had. And my Thai steak salad was fabulous. Highly recommended!!I am not one to give out a perfect score because I can always find something to complain about, however, this place is damn near perfect. 
Where to start?
Service: party of two arrived Saturday night around 8:20 pm without a reservation. We were told it was going to be a wait of 40 minutes. We were going to go to the bar area but it was crowded so we just sat by the waiting area. After about twenty minutes, a woman named Megan came over and asked our name again and said we will be seated shortly. She then asked if we wanted to try the pumpkin ale. We declined then she offered chips and guacamole on the house. We were surprised because it wasn't 40 minutes yet but we kindly accepted regardless of the reason. Our waitress Melissa (I'm almost sure this was her name. If not I apologize profusely) was attentive and friendly. She came back often to make sure we were okay.  I had told Megan that she made my friend's day by offering the chips and guacamole because it was her birthday. When we were seated, Melissa wished my friend happy birthday and offered ice cream for dessert. Clearly, communication among the staff is great.
The food:
Chips and guacamole 4/5: good texture. Fresh. Chips were okay. Guacamole needed a little salt. 
Seafood bisque soup: I didn't try this but my friend enjoyed it.
House salad 4/5: very good. Could have been a little more crisper. Probably would get the dressing on the side next time. Delicious none the less
Korean BBQ wings 4/5: I ordered the small portion and these big wings came out. I was impressed by the size of the wings. The wings were a bit more spicier than I thought they would be but still a good taste. 
Crab cakes: I didn't taste this but my friend said they were delicious. I did taste the old Bay fries that came with them 4/5. They were thick and nicely seasoned. Could have been a bit crispier for me
I ordered the local hand crafted vodka and it was very good. 
I would definitely return. We were full after the chips, salad and soup. We took majority of our food home but we can't wait to eat the leftovers tomorrow!!
Service is everything to me and this establishment should teach a lesson to other places.
When I'm back in Philly, I'll definitely be returning!Nice staff here for a conference. Thought I stop in for a treat. Orange dreamcickle is good. Putting MD in a happy place. ThanksThe service here was terrible, the food was ok but not good enough to make up for the extremely long wait and inattentive staff. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone and I won't be returning.Thankfully Yelp has the hours wrong on this new place to the neighbourhood. It's actually open from 11:30 to Midnight, not Noon. We have walked past it the last three days while wandering around Philadelphia during our visit. We decided to give it a go on our last evening here looking for some small plates as opposed to a big meal. 
It's a beautiful in house craft brewery which is very popular in our neck of the woods so we are quite familiar with the concept. Beer is not our thing so we will leave those that know way more about that to comment on the offering of suds that their offering. 
We can tell you that the pretzel sticks are great and the cheese dip was also excellent although could use a little infusion of sharp cheese to make it outstanding. The grainy mustard dip to us was a touch to heavy on the acid and could have used a bit of sweetness to cut the acidity. 
The Caesar salad was good with a generous amount of food even with the starter salad which we split. The croutons were tasty and the Parmesan cheese plentiful. I like a bit more anchovy than was evident, but others I know do not, so I am likely in the minority there. 
Where the fifth star was earned were the buffalo wings which were HUGE! The appetizer wings are $13.00 and include 10 wings or so our server told us. We got 11 and it might be because they were on the light side as far as weight goes (kidding, check out the photo). They were very tasty and there was no way the lovely K and I could finish them. Suffice it to say we have lunch already for tomorrow as we brought 6 back to our hotel room. 
The place was rocking busy, but even at that the food came out quickly and the service was very good. They haven't been open for long which typically results in glitches to either the food, or the service and we experienced neither. 
Definitely a place to check out!I have been here five times since they opened and never been disappointed.  The beer is amazing and constantly being updated.  I recommend joint their King of the Hill club as you get larger beers for the same price as a pint.  The highlight for me are the Philly Cheese egg rolls and the nachos.  Both are amazing.  Also the BRueben is excellent.  All the IPA's are great.  Also, lots of TV's for sports and you can make a reservation on Open Table.I love this place!  The service is always great, and the food is decent as well.  This was a great addition to the convention center area!  I've been to Iron Hill a number of times since they opened and the service is always great.  I recently had an issue with a charge, and the manager, Laura, handled it excellently.  I've always had good service, but one server who has stood out has been Jacob Maher.  He was very pleasant and helpful to my non-beer-drinking girlfriends.Wow!   Can I go 6 stars?   Great atmosphere, great location (ok I was staying at the Marriott!).  I sat at the bar and had the most delightful bartender - Ashley.      She recommended the Ore House IPA and it did not disappoint.  I lived in San Diego for 10 years and had access to all kinds of great IPA's.   This is not going to knock you over on the hops, but the flavor and the hops find a great balance.  Ashley's next brilliant suggestions were to go with the Nashville Hot Chicken Sliders and the Brussels sprouts to compliment my beer.   Amazing!   Both were excellent but the sliders are a MUST (imho).  A great balance of heat and savory between the fried chicken, pickles, mayo, and a great bun.     Go!  Eat, drink, be merry !Iron Hill Brewery is a brewery before it's a restaurant. So while the beer and drink menus are extensive and interesting, the food menu, not so much. (Agreeing with my fellow Yelper Kat C., the food is definitely on the mediocre side.) Maybe some good rich or fried bar snacks to go with the beer, which, again, pretty standard for a brewery.
If, on the other hand, you are sensitive to fried foods, or you are a vegetarian, you probably won't find much here that you'll be able to enjoy. So why would I, falling into both categories, ever do dinner here? Because I had a work dinner to celebrate one of my colleagues. And not just is she one of my colleagues, but she's a colleague that I happen to like very much. What we do for work and for love.
The ambiance was typical for a brewery on  Thursday night, bustling and moderately loud. Not so loud I couldn't hear the people at my table, and I even caught some of the music on the restaurant loudspeakers (random but great selection). All we ordered were drinks and appetizers (SO MANY DRINKS), so I'll do a quick run-down on the few things I was actually able to eat:
Hand-Cut Sweet Potato Fries: I should not even have had the single fry I ate. But it's hard for me to say no to sweet potato fries, especially when they're impossible to do wrong, so you can always count on them to be good.
Margherita Flatbread: Nope. Thick mozarella slices (was that REALLY fresh mozarella?) over too-sweet tomato sauce, barely any basil, and slightly soggy pita-esque bread. It's obvious I was disappointed, right?
Nachos: Another one that's hard to mess up, and IHB did not. The beans, vegetables and sour cream were all good, and plenty of yummy guacamole too.
Fried Brussels Sprouts: Another item that I should not have eaten, but probably my favorite of everything I ate. Crisp and well-seasoned, just really tasty overall. Almost worth the stomach ache I've still got after eating three pieces.
Housemade Soft Pretzel Sticks: I don't know what the fuss over these is about. With all the great reviews, this was the item I was most looking forward to. But while the cheese and mustard sauces were good, the pretzels I just wasn't into. They were kind of buttery, Amish style, which I know is popular, but I just can't get into it. And "everything spice" is for bagels, not pretzels! I feel like it's not just me either, because my table of 7 barely managed to finish the 5 sticks that came in the order.
We ordered a lot of carnivore-friendly and other fried appetizers too, but since I didn't try those, I won't mention them here. Given the space and the location, the prices are what you'd expect. But for the quality? Maybe next time I'd do happy hour here and get dinner somewhere else (at least, if I have a say in the matter).Stopped in here for lunch while we were down in the city attending the auto show. It was around 1:30 and no wait. We've been to there Iron Hill's in the suburbs and my kids love their pizza, so they were excited we were going here. They wound up disappointed as this location doesn't make pizzas. In general though, we felt like the menu was much more limited than the ones in the burbs. The food we did order was fine and service was very good throughout our meal. We didn't order any alcoholic beverages but they have plenty to choose from. If you find yourself in the area, it's not a bad place to stop in for a bite to eat. It's not going to knock your socks off, but you should expect a decent meal.My son and I absolutely love Iron Hill Brewery! We usually frequent the ones in Delaware, though. I noticed this location the last two times we visited the Convention Center (Philly Auto Show | Flower Show). I told my son we visit at a later date!
Well we visited yesterday May 5, 2019!! Just in time for Cinco de Mayo. I made a reservation while on the way to the restaurant. We arrived at 4:15 pm for a 4:30 pm reservation and was immediately seated.
It didn't take too long for our waitress to arrive to take our orders. We ordered all appetizers which made for a nice meal.
My son ordered Boneless Buffalo Wings with French Fries. I ordered: Philly Cheesesteak Egg Rolls, Hand-Cut Sweet Potato Fries and a Caesar Salad. I also ordered TWO drinks!!
When our food arrived, they forgot my son's French Fries. We had to remind our waitress. She quickly retrieved a small amount of fries (wasn't really a lot).
When we first arrived, the restaurant wasn't really packed, but the longer we were there the busier it became. 
Our waitress didn't hover, but I would have liked to see her more than we did. We spent close to two hours and $70. Will definitely return in the future.I went on opening day with my friend who was a former employee of another branch. I have been to the Iron Hill in Ardmore and knew what to expect, but this location actually seems a little more higher end to cater to the center city crowd. The ceilings are high and the interior feels classy. 
We ordered the nachos, sweet potato fries, and a chocolate brownie dessert. The nachos were well balanced and not greasy at all. The sweet potato fries were interesting- it came with both a chipotle mayo dip and a sweeter cinnamon roll type dip (which I at first thought was ranch LOL). The sweet potato fries were a little limp cause they're thickly cut, but they were still delicious. 
Their menu is impressively long and I couldn't imagine not being able to find something that pleases you. They also brew their beer IN HOUSE! You can get to-go packs and growlers if you're into it. 
Online reservations and outside seating are also available.We were really excited about this place because my boyfriend and I love to explore new breweries in the city. The hostess were so nice and accommodating but we decided to sit at the bar because it would be a shorter wait. The beer was good but we felt the service at the bar was not good. We ate dinner at the bar and when we were done we told the bartender that he could take our plate. He looked at  us and said "ok, my boy will get it" talking about the bus boy at the bar. Then he never asked anyone to pick up our plate and it sat there for a long time. Why didn't the bartender just pick up the plate himself? We will never know. Then, we asked for our check and he looked at us confused and said "ok, I'll figure it out" like he didn't know what we ordered. He of course brought us a check for the wrong order!!! It included 2 beers that we never ordered so he clearly just guessed what our order was. Overall, we thought it was overpriced and the service didn't live up to the price.Finally had the chance for my first sit down dinner at the restaurant. 
As always, I was greeted by a friendly staff. I made reservations through open table. Waited only several minutes and got seated near the kitchen.
Our waitress is knowledgeable. I was able to customize my salmon salad order by substituting  arugula with romaine.
My salmon was perfectly cooked. The salad has super crunchy potato strings that gives a nice texture to the salad. The roasted peppers elevated the flavor. However as I was finishing it I found it's greasy at the bottom of the plate. I didn't expect salad to be greasy at all. The size could have been bigger. 
My husband had some kind of roast beef sandwich in ciabatta bread. The bread was toasted so it had a nice crunch but still retains the softness on the inside 
My waitress only checked on us once for water refills. I expected more attentiveness.It was babe and I first time at this restaurant and we loved it!
We were in town for a few days and we wanted to take advantage of everything within walking distance from our hotel.  
This restaurant was maybe three minutes away (walking) from the Marriott.
We visited on a Sunday night and the crowd wasn't too much, just right!  We were seated within seconds.  
We sat in a booth near the bar area... the restaurant lighting is cozy and sexy at the same time.  Therefore, you could easily make it a date night or drop in alone or with some friends and have a great time.
While I am a fan of the restaurant, I am not going to let one bad apple or a not so good meal take away my first impression of this restaurant.
So...
Our waitress was not attentive at all.  Not sure if this was her first gig, but she clearly upset my babe... slow to bring the bar drinks... my babe stopped another waiter and asked what's up... the delay was still existing... I tried to keep cool because we were from out of town, but the service was super awful that night.
My meal, the Cajun shrimp pasta was blah.  It lacked flavor totally.  I wouldn't recommend that.
Now our appetizers... cheesesteak egg rolls and the Korean wings... were awesome!
If you're wondering how spicy the wings are... very Spicy!  I can still feel the sting in my mouth now and this was over a month ago.  They are very flavorful.
Not sure how parking works, but the ambiance and the location of the restaurant is very inviting.  I believe the restaurant opened a year ago or less and the consumers are already buzzing about this place.
If we are nearby again, I'd definitely dine here again but I will definitely steer clear of the waitress we had during this visit.
Have fun and enjoy life :)Went here for a late night meal and it was really good. The appetizers were delicious. The wings the truffle fries and the burger sliders were all tasty. The waiting staff were nice but they seemed all over the place because it was busy. Busy for the late night. Wow that's impressive. If your hungry at midnight in Philadelphia. This is the place to go.4 stars for Great beers!!!! We came here around noon on a Sunday with a party of 6, we waited about 40 minutes to get seated. Smaller parties seemed to get faster, so I'd definitely recommend reservations for a larger party. I ordered the flower power flight, nice range of flavors. For lunch I ordered the lettuce wraps, they were reeeallly spicy, a little too spicy for me and I like spice. The filling was loading with veggies and chicken so that part was great. 
I would return for the beer and to try more dishes off their menu!Great food, beer, and wine in a spacious and clean place. The prices were pretty good for the area. I highly recommend it.I don't usually give high praise to a restaurant chain, but they earned it in service alone! The wings are pretty good, the steak fries are great, if you like them big and the flat breads are also tasty. The beer selection is really good and changes very often. They'll let you sample as many as you like too! I work nearby, so I bought a membership, which gives you points and 22 ounce beer mugs, instead of 12 or 16 ounce, no matter the beer, at the same price. Highly recommend!This is a wonderful restaurant change in the area. One is conveniently located across the street from the Convention Center. I went to lunch with a group of colleagues. There is plenty of seating and there was no wait during Sunday lunch during an Eagles game. That said, there was still a crowd. The servers were welcoming, informed, and had great personalities. Most were wearing Eagles shirts, which I thought was a nice touch of local pride. They helped us make menu and drink selections. You can tell they are accustomed to tourists. The menu has a nice variety of food options. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries. The meals were affordable for the size and quality. I wouldn't mind if the chain expanded into my area.Very nice place to hang out. The outside dining was very peaceful   Only had desert and Drinks. Which was very good.Really great food, with tons of choices.  Easy to eat even as a vegetarian.  The seafood bisque is so so so good.  I'm not a beer drinker, but the bartenders are super friendly.  The only downside to this place is that it is a bit of a tourist trap and far too child friendly to be much of a bar.  No offense to children, I love them, but if I'm drinking, I don't want to be dodging strollers and crying toddlers to get to the bathroom.Nice place but I got the impression they were seating us based on our race to the back of the restaurant. We objected to where they we seating us in that location and were given a better seat. Once seated we had a very pleasant waitress and the food was very good. I had appetizer of chicken wings which were unseasoned  but cooked nicely with great side sauces,i also had a delicious salad with Chicken which was cooked perfectly I had a very nice portion. I am rating this with 3 stars because the older lady hostess should have offered us an option in an half filled place where we wanted to be seated.***3& 3/4 stars** Enjoyable lunch with friends at this new location. Nice own layout with open kitchen and modern design. There is outdoor seating available which is nice! Our server was very friendly and attentive, zero complaints. Plenty of food was ordered between the group so it was a nice sampling of the menu. Here's the breakdown:
-cheesesteak egg rolls: very tasty with a nice horseradish based dipping sauce. Wish the portion size was larger for sharing 
-bacon burger and burger with mush and Brie: both very tasty, cooked to the perfect temperature and juicy! The bun was a bit of a let down, would have been better if it were toasted. It got soggy quickly 
-Salmon with mashed potato and broccoli: The diner said it was OK, a little on the bland side and the portion size was really small for the price 
Crime brle- YUMMY! Priced properly 
Apple crisp- very good 
Cookie dough ice cream-come on its cookie dough, can it be bad? 
I also enjoyed the strawberry mojito, it packed a kick; definitely not a light pour!
Overall we really enjoyed ourselves and will certainly return! RecommendedVisited 4-19-19, 12:45pm
So many great places right around the corner, I wouldn't waste my time here.
I sat at an open bar spot, there were a few. Only thing in front of me was a beer menu with mustard all over it. The bar itself was pretty gross and dirty too. No one came to help me after waiting for a while. Finally flagged the male bartender down and asked for a beer, and then later had to ask for a menu (at lunchtime). There were a few people working behind the bar but no one came to clean the messy bar in front of me. I ordered some food and in the whole time sitting there waiting for my food, not one person removed them menus or cleaned the bar. Received my food which they just placed on top of all these menus and walked away. Didn't receive a napkin or any utensils to eat it with. Some tourists a few seats away laughed when then saw me just sitting there without anything to eat my food with while no one helped me. Eventually I flagged some barback down and told them to just pack up my food. Didn't even finish my beer, paid my tab, and left. I'm not asking for much when I leave the office for work but a clean table, mediocre service and something to eat my food with would be nice. Not recommending this place to anyone.
P.S. The beer is piss water.Love everything about this restaurant! I'm more of a filet vs. prime rib guy but a couple times a year I get a prime rib and this was the best prime rib I've ever had, loved it! Not cheap for a family of five but we all left happy, we'll be back!Pretty typical brewpub with lots of space and lots on the menu. Their beer selection is pretty large and you can ask for samples. The food menu is also quite large with all types of food. Of all the dishes we ordered I thought the hot fried chicken sandwiches were the best. The other dishes were pretty standard and nothing really blew me away. Good spot for a happy hour or group if you put your name down in advance since they do get packed pretty quickly at peak hours.On point!  Marked as a favorite.  Prompt and courteous staff.  Food was delicious from the 3 items we picked.  Will definitely return to sample the menu and enjoy a beverage.Ate here on a Saturday night and only had to wait ~20 minutes for a table for two. It was well worth the wait! I have walked past this place a number of times before actually dining here, and every time I walked by my mouth would water. Can't comment on the beer as I am under 21. I ordered the Pimento Cheeseburger and was amazed at the flavors that met my tastebuds. Average fries. We also got a barbeque chicken on flatbread that was very delicious. Overall, I would definitely recommend this location and will be returning to try something new and be amazed by it! Our waiter was also very kind as well, and was a wonderful server.Great food. Friendly service. Iron Hill in Philadelphia has been opened for 3 weeks and wasn't too crowded, which was very nice. The beer is very good. If you're a fan of IPAs I suggest their Hopicana. It's a fruity IPA, but the fruit wasn't overpowering.I came here for a team lunch and there were 8 people in our party. We all ordered soon after we sat down but our food, unfortunately, took a really long time to arrive. Even worse, my order was not entered into the system so after a long wait, I still did not have lunch in front of me. We were all pretty upset at the long wait and missing my order did not help. BUT, here comes Stephanie to the rescue. She came over to tell me about the error, apologized, removed my order from the bill and said they were preparing it right away. I was content with that response and deemed it great customer service for not only owning the issue but rectifying it by removing the charge. Stephanie did not stop there. She brought me a small side salad and homemade chips so I would not go hungry while my teammates enjoyed their lunches. That was a homerun move in my eyes. She was so proactive in making sure I was taken care of. I have never experienced customer service as this before. I am not one to leave customer reviews but Stephanie deserves this acclamation and much more. She is a new manager at the location and because of her kindness and generosity, I and my team will come back. Thank you Stephanie!Super friendly and very accommodating. The restaurant is very beautiful very rustic very microbrew looking. The food was excellent my daughter is not a big guacamole fan so they were able to give her a side of cheese sauce with our appetizer the chips were crispy the guacamole was excellent with just the right amount of lime juice. She and I split a rack of ribs and I'm telling you I'm from Texas and they were excellent! 
Could not of been happy with the service the in-house craft beers were very good. I would definitely recommendLike to sit outdoors when the weather is good.  The Cajun shrimp is really good.  The drinks are good, but a bit pricy. Had no problem with the service, very friendly.  Had a good crowd when we were there.After a long day in Philly sight seeing and walking, we were excited to finally sit down and try this place out after reading the great reviews and awesome beer and food selection . Got there had to wait 20 min for a table which of course is to be expected based on it being a Saturday downtown. Therefore we went to the bar and got two beers which were amazing, the service there was on point. We then got a text for our table being ready in 20 min like they said, sat down looked over the menu and realized we hadn't had ANYONE come over to us for nearly a half hour, every table around us was getting service and new tables kept arriving and getting service . We then asked the guy that sat us what the hell Was going on he said someone would be right over, ten minutes later NO-ONE. Saw him again and said we are leaving he said the manager would be over . Don't bother you guys are a day late and a dollar short unfortunately we left on principle that the situation was ridiculousWhat a great addition to center city! Stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon, it was pretty full and the wait time for a table for 2 was 20 minutes. We didn't mind waiting as they took our number down and there's a TJ max right next door. 
15-17 minutes later received a text saying our table was ready, we were seated and our server was shortly with us, she explained about the brewery and offered us great suggestions. 
We took our time and I ordered the Wit Breeze, and my SO got a flight (sample beers). I really enjoyed my drink! 
For apps we got the Nashville hot chicken sliders, the pretzels (please get them) and the Belgium fries. 
The Pretzels took a long time as the kitchen was backed up but they were so so worth the wait. 
We were too full to order entrees so the SO got an order of the cheesesteak egg rolls. 
These took longer than 20 minutes and although the server apologized multiple times, we could only eat 1/2 the egg roll. It was very delicious! 
We already planned our next visit and will be bringing in friends and family!Customer service is exceptional. Upon entering you're greeted by very friendly staff. It's very rare to find this level of friendliness. They even opened the door for me because my hands were full.
The right side is for bar. First come first served. I went there on Saturday on lunch time and it's crowded.
The right side is for dining.
You can buy some beer too at the entrance.
I was greeted personally by the manager, Matt. Very friendly guy who made sure my order is taken carefully of and explained me about some of my dietary concerns.
This place is kids friendly. It has kids menu. The menu has several vegetarian options and they can accommodate special dietary needs such as vegan and dairy free.
I ordered voodoo flat bread, pretzel sticks and stout chocolate ice cream to go. My order came out rather slow. But the front desk staff were so nice and engaging conversation with me. I recommend to call to place the order to go.
Voodoo chicken flat bread: decent size, my father in law enjoyed it.
Pretzel sticks: definitely get this. It's seasoned with sesame seeds, poppy seeds, and a touch of garlic. It's not a typical pretzel sprinkled with salt so it's not very salty. Perfect crunch and well balanced flavor. The mustard and cheese dip is great. I prefer to enjoy it without the dip. I dipped mine in my chocolate ice cream. It sounds weird but it's great . The dough is soft and moist.
Chocolate stout ice cream: very delicious. Highly recommend for nice ending to your meal. Not heavy and creamy. Very light and refreshing and not overly sweet. Perfect sweetness.
The website provides nutritional information and allergen list. 
I will definitely come back to try different things. I am looking forward to try the cheesesteak spring rolls and the crab cake.This Iron Hill location is great! 
They have a huge variety of beers brewed in house. Their beer list is always changing so come often to make sure you don't miss something! The menu is a variety of pub food and American favorites. When this location first opened, it took a month or so to find their food groove, but they have hit their stride. Everything we order is top notch! We especially loves the Zeus Burger-it is a lamb and beef burger with a green herb sauce!
If you live anywhere near an Iron Hill, it is a good idea to join the King of the Hill club. It is definitely worth the one time $15 membership fee. It has lots of perks but our favorite is that every member's beer comes in a 22 oz mug for the price of 12 or 16 oz!Great service, very knowledgeable on the beers.  Just like other posts said, the food was great. 15 minute wait was reasonable. Kinda noisy.The Jaeger Schnitzel is delicious!! Staff is very friendly and now I'm back after two days.Great place for casual dining. My Pub Burger was excellent. French fries were just okay. My husband's pulled pork was very good. Service was super.The place is nice with fantastic beer. The ribs were good, Asian salad was a little bit surprising but acceptable. The fancy seafood plates came in small sizes, smaller than expected. Chocolate cake was fabulous. It was busy and the service was good.Found this place on Yelp and went there just because didn't have much time to look for something else and can definitely recommend it. Food was delicious and liked choice of beer. Very nice and pleasant staff. Will keep it on my list in case will go back to Philadelphia.This is a nice space and a good location. The server was nice and I have no real complaints about the experience. The food was very average, though. I had the salmon bahn mi sandwich and my husband had the Zeus burger, and we both thought they lacked flavor. My salmon burger had little flavor other than the Mayo, and was kind of soggy. The buns were the kind you'd get for $1 a pack at the grocery store. I just think for the price ($13.50 and $15) the sandwiches could have been a lot higher quality and more flavorful.
Ultimately I can't say it was bad, but I also wouldn't return.Food was amazing, beer awesome. Wait staff nice. Comfortable. Classier than I thought it would be.Visiting from out of town and was looking for a good burger at a bar with a beer. Met and exceeded my expectations as i got the Brewski burger. I would come back.Food was good, service was better and beer was ... as described.  No hidden surprises here.  This is a solid restaurant/bar.  It's large so it's good for parties.  They have a good kids menu with the average price of $6.  The kids meal was plenty for kids that don't eat much but a kid that has a hearty appetite should order off of the adult menu.I had a really great experience at Iron Hill. The beer selection was awesome, I couldn't decide what to get. I also had the pretzels on the pub/bar menu. They aren't the usual Philly pretzels you might expect though. In my opinion they were way better. I was taking my time eating and enjoying my mini flight. The waitress and bar staff had no problem letting me stay while they cleaned up since I was there so close to closing time. I would highly recommend this place. Normally I encourage people to stay away from places in high traffic touristy areas, but I'm glad I wandered in here.I really love their outdoor seating! In the evenings, they got nice lights up and it feels so cozy and romantic. It also looks great inside and they have created a great spot to bring a big group of friends in.
I have also always loved and appreciated restaurants with concepts where you can see what is going on inside the kitchen.
I feel like that gives one a piece of mind and you can be a bit more sure that things are done the right way there. (everything looks so clean and organized!)
The other thing I would praise them for is, of course, their beer selection! I liked all the beers I tried and as always, appreciated the ability to do beer flights. It was not too hard to find several favorites after doing a couple of beer flights. So I recommend you to also explore rather than grabbing a pint of something you might end up not liking. 
The food was the only thing that I guess could have been a bit better, their hummus was nothing special if you ask me, but I would still definitely come back. The Brussel sprouts were good and really, just the beer and the cool ambiance were sure reasons good enough to return!We were looking for a place to eat New Year's Eve night and came across this place. We went in and made a reservation for 9pm. 
We waited over an hour to get our food and when it finally arrived. The food wasn't good. I had prime rib and my friend ordered a steak. The meat was tasteless and our mash potatoes came out cold. 
This place was a waste of our time and money. After spending a $100 we left hungry.Awesome service!! My guest and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, the food was great and great presentation magnifico!  We shall be back!We came here on a Thursday evening and it was pretty busy; glad we made reservations. Short walk from City Hall. 
We got the Brussels sprouts- good flavor. Everyone enjoyed it. The full rack of ribs was also good- not too much sauce, just enough with good texture. Caesar salad was very basic and a bit small in size; chicken was also a bit dry. Drunk Monk burger was good; the mushrooms gave it good flavor. We sampled a few beers. The Witberry was a nice light beer. The hard seltzer was tasty- reminds me of the white claws. The holiday beer trimmed with cinnamon sugar is tasty if you have a sweet tooth. 
Great service with Brian!We went for restaurant week and the service was awful. We didn't get a drink order in until waaaayy after we closed out menus.. same thing with our dinner and we paid for the 4 courses.
Still, we were treated like a rush dinner.
The guy, Vincent,  had the nerve to ask for our pens back right after check signing.. then one second later, after hovering over, asked for us to hand back our clipboards. 
Basically like... you're done, you need to leave.
So annoying!
Not what I expect from a restaurant participating in restaurant week. 
Never again......!!!!We stopped here one evening after our conference for a bite of food. It was around 8PM and the place was packed! We had a party of 10, but told the waitress we were willing to split up if that meant we could be seated faster. I guess they thought that if we were going to be split up, we needed to be close to each other. That wasn't necessary... and added to our wait time! It was around 8PM on a Monday!! 
Once we got seated, ordering was easy. But do be warned that they are only able to separate large checks into two receipts.... so 2 friends had to pay and we had to figure out Venmo separately. That's always a pain. 
We got several appetizers to try... the philly egg roll were good. As were the Brussels sprouts and sweet potato fries! Food came out quickly so no complaints there. The loss of two stars really has to do with service and wait time before we were actually seated! We could have been done and out of there a whole lot sooner!Great beer selection and very good food. Cool atmosphere as well. Would highly recommend to beer lovers.This is a decent addition to the area and the beer is the star here. Food it pretty hit and miss but a great variety of brews here to warrant a return visit.I've been to this location several times now. The food has been mediocre at best. I had the gold medal winning ribs this time around and was very disappointed. They lacked any sort of flavor and were also a little rubbery. My girlfriend had the curried chicken salad. It was basically a lump of flavorless chicken on top of a bed of salad greens. The service staff also spilled half of my beer on my girlfriend and her bag. The management team seemed to care very little about the incident.Our first night in Philly we wanted a burger and we stumbled upon this place. It was okay. Customer service was good and the raspberry lemonade drink was good, it actually had real raspberries pieces in it. The burger was well just a burger noting special. I don't usually put ketchup on my burger but I did with this one because it was dry. I asked for well done and yeah it wasn't I could still see pink in the meat, now they did give me a discount and that was a plus.I stopped here on my way back to the hotel. I got a flight of beer: kolsch, the Irish red ale, the Vienna Red Ale, and the Pig Iron Porter. They were all excellent beers! I had the fish and chips for dinner. It wasn't to die for but it wasn't bad. The service was outstanding. Good experience!Visited here from out of town on a Saturday evening. It was busy but our server Lou did a pretty good job so my rating is not on the service but on the quality of food... I ordered the Steak Medallions for about $22. It was sad, two little pieces is steak and a very small portion of cauliflower & rice. Very disappointed but didn't want to say anything or cause an issue due to it being an important client dinner with a business partner of mine. Everyone else's food looked better than my plate. I suggest management improve the "steak medallions" or just take it off the menu. It was so pitiful it actually was unappetizing.Walked in on Friday night for a beer and check out the new spot.  Waited for 10 min at the bar before I was even notice.  I was then recommended the Korean wing and asked specifically are they double fried like normal Korean wings are and the bartender said yes, but it wasn't. Not a good first impression at all.Iron Hill is more of a bar than a restaurant.
The patrons there seem to be half drunk and
the dining room is extremely noisy with all
the screaming and yelling.  It is also crowded.
The food portion sizes are modest.
The cheesesteak appetizer is good, but small.
The straw onions appetizer is made of tiny
onion fragments that cannot be dipped.
The Teriyaki chicken entree did not taste
like Teriyaki.  The chicken was tough and
the broccoli florets were hard.I was in Philly for business and stopped for lunch. My server was Ashley, who was amazing on recommendations.  Very friendly.  Clean environment.  Good food.  Incredibly great beer!!!  Highly recommend.This was my second time at the Center City location. My colleague and I decided to meet for dinner due to it being Center City Restaurant Week. What we ordered from the pre-fixe menu was tasty, enjoyable, simply delicious. My colleague and I aren't beer drinkers, so it was wonderful to have a server who provided some recommendations on what type of beer would pair with our meals. Great location to meet after work.  We had a wonderful time.Went in here while my fianc and I were having her engagement ring refitted. Been to iron hills in Ardmore, and chestnut hill and the food/drink quality is always great as well as the service. This locations follows suit. Highly recommend for a city location. Waiter was attentive and let us stay for hours while we waited for the adjustment. After the meal and waiting went to the front to buy a four pack to go. The manager Matt happened by while I was up front and asked how my day was going. Told him about the engagement and why I was in the area. He threw in another beer gratis in addition to those that I paid for. What a generous and awesome gesture and thus me recommending this place, on top of the good food/drink/service.This is a busy lunch spot near the convention center in Philly.  Where the staff are friendly and inviting. 
I grabbed a solo seat at the bar for a quick lunch. It was a great spot to watch the brewmaster as they worked the mash and fermenters. 
My bartender Reece was a nice guy who really took care of me. 
It was a nice environment to enjoy a break. The noise level was just right. Enough background noice without making it difficult to hold a conversation. 
The Korean BBQ wings were both the best and hottest version of these I have ever had. These have a strong Kimchi flavor with that great spice.  Be prepared to enter a flavor filled experience. 
I balanced my lunch with a nice mixed salad with pistachios dried cranberries apples and greens. I actually needed to quench the spice between wings. It was a perfect combination.Cool place, good brew and good food. I really dig their rewards program.  Only got 4 stars, due to service sometimes on the slower side but besides that I'll be regular for sure.I came here recently for a puzzled pint event. The restaurant was super packed and full of smiling faces. I met my party and we all ordered beers. I got the Gritty City ipa. It was very tasty. I forgot to snap a photo but I drank it very quickly. This means I will be back very soon so I can try more beersI really enjoyed visiting this restaurant and brewery for lunch while in Philadelphia for a work conference.  While I'm not a big beer person, I asked our our server, Morgan, for a recommendation and she hit it out of the park with the Witberry.  I really appreciated that she brought a couple little samples for me to taste first.  My coworker loves beer, so he ordered a flight to try out several and really liked them all.  The food here is also really great and it's nice that you can substitute a side salad for fries gratis--I had the beer battered fish and chips and he got the falafel burger, so adding some veggies was in order  If you're in the area, I'd definitely recommend stopping by, if even just for a drink.Beer is OK here, nothing special. Red sangria was so bland, it tasted like lemon water. I am 100% sure there was no real wine in it but some sangria mix with lots of water ugh. Never going back here - if you cannot make it right, please leave it out of the menu.We enjoyed a lovely, worry free dinner.  The hostess was amazing.  We told her that we are in a high risk group and were a little worried about dining out.  She seated us outside and moved our table to an isolated area.  We enjoyed a refreshing beer and good food without fear.  The fish tacos were delicious.  We look forward to returning.Beer was good and so were appetizers. We were a bit disappointed that they closed the kitchen right after we're got there and all we could order was appetizers. We just got off a plane and we're really hungry. When we arrived we seated ourselves and it seemed like the wait staff was avoiding coming over to greet us. What we had beer, pretzel and fried cauliflower were good just wish I could've had a meal.Hit and miss. The appetizer naked sliders are great, but in 3 visits, got 3 different versions. They are also VERY SLOW. All 3 visits it was slow to get the food out. They do not provide a standard service or ask if you want condiments. If you don't remember to ask for salt and pepper, mustard and ketchup when they bring your food, you have to wait until they come back and by then your food is cold. Not sure what the problem is but it is consistently slow service there. Most of the food items were ok, but just inconsistent in preparation of their dishes. I chalk all this up to poor management and lack of training.This was a good spot for a nice lunch right by the Loews Philadelphia hotel. Our waitress Katie also happened to be from Indiana and provided great Hoosier Hospitality in Pennsylvania. 
I opted for the naked burger salad to get some protein and greens and while it was yummy, I asked for the burger medium well and it came out more medium. I was too hungry to bother asking for a different burger and it was still delicious.Amazing food and beer, can't say I've had a better dinner at a brewery, especially for these prices!Enjoyable restaurant experience! We had the pretzel sticks which came with two dipping sauces as an appetizer. For my meal, I ordered the crab cakes which were full of crab. My girl friend's falafel sandwich was great. Portions were large and prices were fair.Stayed in Philly for one night and arrived late. Checked into the hotel and then ran around the corner and found Iron Hill. What a find. 
This place has it all. Great food and fantastic beer. A combination that is near and dear to my heart. 
Had Korean wings and a mushroom flatbread to go along with a few fine IPA's. Word of warning, the Korean wings pack some heat but they are very tasty. 
If your in Philly and looking for a brewery/restaurant swing by and enjoy your evening.Very close brew/pub near some of the major hotels in the center city.  Solid selection of brews and they pair them with the items on the menu.  It took a long time for our waiter to show up as he was trying to find something on the menu that was Vegan.  He couldn't find it, but we did hear about it and made it a running joke throughout the meal.  I had a cup of the seafood bisque.  Not bad, maybe a tad salty, but it was tasty.  I had the Jaeger Schntizel - this was actually very good.  Comes with a couple breaded pork chops that have been pounded down with a generous portion of spaetzle, wild mushroom gravy and a fancy pants name for green beans.  Highly recommend this one.  The downside would have to be the slow service.  Lucky I was with good company and there was no awkward silences at our table while we were waiting for the food.  So I give the food 4 starts, the service 2 and we'll round it to 3.  Could have been a bad night for service, so give it a try yourself as the food was fun.Great beer selection! Service started a little slow in greeting us but was excellent after that. Good burger, will be back next time in town.The last time I was here, there was not a seat to be had. I can see why. Exceptional and engaging team and impressive offerings. 
Tonight I went all in on the specials. 
Grilled Watermelon and Goat Cheese Gazpacho
mint oil
Pan Roasted North Atlantic Salmon
citrus carpaccio, lemony wilted spinach, extra virgin olive oil, sea salt 
Suggested beer pairing: Citronia Saison
Pig Iron Porter Gelato
chocolate chips, gaufrette cookie
Suggested beer pairing: Pig Iron Porter
Thank you Chef, Seth and all the team. Can't wait to return.Burger was good.....but the fries were cold.
The pecan ice cream was pretty good.  (Didn't really taste the alcohol infused in the ice cream). Would certainly get it againMy hubby and I split all our food. Without telling them they split burger and sides into their own plates, which made sharing a breeze!  The vibe is awesome, and staff was friendly. We put our name in, and ended up getting a seat at the bar.  Our table was ready in 6 minutes on a busy Saturday night but we ended up keeping our seats and ate at the bar. Oh, and the playlist was awesome!The staff were pleasant.  The fish tacos had great flavor and made with quality fish. The beer was refreshing and server allowed us to try a taste of beer that we thought we may like before we committed.  The service was a little slow but our server seemed to have many tables and tried his best to keep up.I attended the 'soft opening' at this location and I was glad I did!   I am a 'King of the Hill' member and being a member has perks!   It was great to great a preview of the layout & get to taste the sampling menu.  
I am a fan of the food and especially the beer!  I decided to get a flight so I could try a few of the sours and a few of my favorites.   
I tried the Korean BBQ Chicken & Ribs-I am a creature of habit & I wouldn't normally order those items--but I am glad I did-The kitchen was On-Point!  Both items were flavorful and finger-licking good!  
I work in the area-so there is no doubt I will frequent this location (probably not at lunch-I'll be tempted to order beer..lol)!
Kudos to opening this location-it will make a great addition of places to hangout near the new Premium Outlets!This review is for the food. We stopped in at 5:30 for a table of two. The menu here is much more limited than the other locations, and frankly there are so many other restaurants in this area with more options. We ordered the pretzels and they were not good. They weren't pretzels, more like long everything bagels. They were bland breadsticks. We then ordered burgers, which came out incorrectly at first and then sad to say they were also very bland. The server was nice and attentive. I would only come here for beers, it's not a place you would want to shell out money for a Sunday dinner.Fun brewery with good variety of beer styles.  Vast pub style menu - burgers were really good - one med rare and one well done and both cooked perfectly! Friendly attentive service in clean booth with on time seating for reservation.  A little loud but could def enjoy conversation.  Good value with city pricing.Went here for dinner and had a great time! Had a drink at the bar first where the bartender was mind and very attentive. Had the Brussel sprouts, onion straws, and a burger. Everything came out hot and well cooked. Brussel sprouts were VERY good. The pumpkin beers were great and they kept bringing us out samples of other beers which was great! Will definitely be backcame here for a lunch with a friend and waited about 20 minutes before being seated. it was kind of busy but i saw many empty tables, i commented this to the hostess but she told me the tables were reserved (when i was leaving i took a peep and those tables were empty...)
we got the luau shrimp and i got a crab cake sandwich and my friend got the turkey burger.
- the shrimp came out dangerously fast...wasn't very hot but it was tasty
- the crab cake was surprisingly decent but the amount of fries on the plate i would say were lower than average but good for my calorie count
- as for the turkey burger, it was pretty dry and flavorless when i took a bite of my friend's. i was happy i didn't order this
all in all, the service was OK (i had to flag down my waitress twice) and the food was OK. i'm not dying to come backGood service, great variety of craft beers. The Philly steak egg rolls were amazing, very tasty. Highly recommended!!!I always like to visit a local brewery when I'm in a town I haven't been to. I read on yelp that they had opened not too long ago. Of course, we had to check it out. I am all about supporting local breweries...because they're just the BEST! I was lucky that they had just tapped a pumpkin spice brew the day before. I was all for it!! I swear, it tasted like a pumpkin pie. Come and support the local breweries...you won't be disappointed. 
They serve food as well, but that day was all about the beer.Very friendly place as well as great food and good service. First time in Philly and this is a must go to stop when it come back again.Drinks were good. Pretzels were good.  Took over 30 minutes to get fries to the table.  Our waiter totally dropped the ball on this experience. Based on this, I don't know if I would tell anyone to come here for more than a beer.An incredible aroma found us as we exited the 11th st septa stop. We were hooked. This brand new location is perfectly centered and features a friendly staff with a wide beer selection. When one of the dishes was a bit delayed, the staff complimented a plate of French Fries without hesitation. We will definitely be returning.My boyfriend and I really enjoy coming down to iron hill brewery for happy hour. Their beers are wonderful - and super cheap for happy hour!! They also offer a bunch of discounted food (4-6 M-F). Other menu items are solid, and their desserts are delicious. My favorite beer is Whitberry (raspberry Belgian wheat) and my boyfriends is the Pig Iron (English porter with coffee, chocolate and toffee). Their hummus and pita is fresh and excellent!This place is the best place to get food when you're hungry. The waiters are very polite. The service is very fast. Also, iron hill has a very clean environment and I'd recommend you to come here to consume their delicious food!
Second Time: Still the best food place to eat. They were a bit busy today though. But the food is delicious and professional service. Rating: 5 of 5On the one hand, I'm thrilled that another casual sit-down place opened near my office, but I'm less thrilled that they don't have a lunch menu.
I've been to this location of Iron Hill twice (lunch and a happy hour.) I'm really surprised they don't have a lunch menu, given the amount of offices in Center City. But, the burger I had for lunch was pretty good.
They DO have a happy hour menu (some of their appetizers are discounted, plus a discount on draft beers & wine) which was nice. Our server brought us a variety of beers to taste, which was a nice surprise.
Overall, it's fine - if not exactly what you expect from an Iron Hill location.I just felt that this place was okay, nothing special. Probably closer to 3.5 stars. 
We had a 7:30 reservation, got there a little early and had to wait about 20 minutes and sat around 7:25. 
Our server was hit or miss, came over quickly but then would disappear for long stretches, didn't check on how our food was and then reached over me to take the check which I had placed next to me purposely so we could finish our beers without feeling rushed to get up. 
As for the beer, we got the Ore House IPA and the White Iron Wit. I liked both, with a preference for the Wit. 
I got the Brewski Burger with bacon, cheddar and mushrooms and it was just okay. The burger was not seasoned and even with bacon, cheese and mushrooms it had no flavor somehow. 
We also got the Chicken Pot Pie which was solid, no complaints there. 
My girlfriend and I split the Mushroom soup which was super flavorful, possibly the best part of the meal. 
I think I'd come back for beers and apps (they looked very good) but not for dinner.What a great addition to center city! Stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon, it was pretty full and the wait time for a table for 2 was 20 minutes. We didn't mind waiting as they took our number down and there's a TJ max right next door. 
15-17 minutes later received a text saying our table was ready, we were seated and our server was shortly with us, she explained about the brewery and offered us great suggestions. 
We took our time and I ordered the Wit Breeze, and my SO got a flight (sample beers). I really enjoyed my drink! 
For apps we got the Nashville hot chicken sliders, the pretzels (please get them) and the Belgium fries. 
The Pretzels took a long time as the kitchen was backed up but they were so so worth the wait. 
We were too full to order entrees so the SO got an order of the cheesesteak egg rolls. 
These took longer than 20 minutes and although the server apologized multiple times, we could only eat 1/2 the egg roll. It was very delicious! 
We already planned our next visit and will be bringing in friends and family!I came here on a Saturday night around 10pm (they close the restaurant at midnight). We got a very friendly server and as a group of 10 we were sat very quickly! We all drank (we were all carded FYI) and had some snacks. 
They offer flights - but you cannot pick the beers you want.
The total of 10 people drinking and 2 apps came to $100 (imo this is a GREAT deal - we got two pitchers, one flight, and some other individual beers). 
I would recommend this place and it is located in a very convenient location.We walked into this establishment after the dinning side closed down, and the Late Night items on the menu were only available. 
The food and drink selection is awesome! I suggest you try the Korean Spicy Wings. Whew!!!  The fish tacos were perfect as well! On top of it all, our waiter had perfect timing. We'll definitely be back sooner than later.This place is the best place to get food when you're hungry. The waiters are very polite. The service is very fast. Also, iron hill has a very clean environment and I'd recommend you to come here to consume their delicious food!Visited this location in a very busy day. The place is new with attractive decor. The service staff were pleasant and attentive. The food was flavorless, of small portions and the order was not as placed.  
Will not return.This place is wonderful. We were in town for a convention and wandered in on a busy Friday night.  We were seated promptly and the food and service was incredible. We sampled a number of the beers and all were great.  The pumpkin ale was a favorite as was the porter.  All in all a great stop near the convention center.A decent place to eat, our waitress got the food mixed up with another table, he also did not charge us for the food. The food was OK, nothing to the extraordinary Overall, I would recommend it, but I wouldn't come back because it's not my scene.Simple apps done poorly, but if you must have a beer that tastes like any beer that you can land on when you pick-a-pack from a bottle shop then come here. No need to give it a second try after a bad first impression.The food was over all Mehh. Nothing too exciting. Service is pretty good even tho they get really busy. We've been here 3 times now and have gotten different things but each time have been underwhelming. If you want a good bar and expect bar food- this place would be ok.Service was great. Beer was great.  Food is another thing. Portions were horrible.   If you come here for  bar food; apps, burgers, sandwiches you will be happy. Our Salmon salads were he smallest portionsI have ever seen.  Her salad was super small also.  Kids meals were good except the pot pie was all dark meat and very fatty.   Marlton and all the other locations I have been too are much better. This was a two star or one but our service was great.This location opened in September however I just noticed it last week! 
I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. 
After the Mummer's parade on New Year's Day, my fianc and I were looking for a bite to eat. Open Table didn't have many casual dining choices at that time...mostly fine dining. That being said, we figured we would try out this new Iron Hill location since I am such a fan of the Media location. 
I like how it looks from outside. It is very large and the signage beckons you to come in. 
The hostess was nice and seated us immediately for our Open Table reservation.  Our server was nice and provided good service. 
The actual dining area is very large and open. I never really care for that floor plan because it feels like a college dining hall to me but it is what it is. The bar area was nice. The TVs were adequate. Not too many but more than a few. They can be seen from the dining room but there are some obstructions depending on where you sit. 
We stuck to items we typically order at Iron Hill. We split the nachos which seem to be getting smaller and smaller and smaller. It's getting difficult to justify the price for the small amount that you get. I miss the old school large shared plate of nachos. The guacamole on top was good. We got sweet potato fries and I asked for them to be cooked well done which was a good choice because they were perfectly. Recently they have gotten larger and they are always too thick and floppy. I also miss the habanero lime and horseradish sauces. Now they only give you the garlic paprika and the vanilla. We also got the cheesesteak eggrolls which I did not eat but my fianc enjoyed. They were served with ketchup. Again, the portion size is quite small compared to other restaurants that serve cheesesteak eggrolls. Finally, my fianc got the roast beef sandwich which he said was flavorless and he would never get it again. He said it couldn't even be saved by the bland horseradish sauce. I normally like it but I didn't try it so I can't comment on the comparison to other times. 
Got the flourless chocolate torte for dessert with raspberries and salted caramel sauce which I thought was an odd combo. 
There is an open kitchen. 
The bathrooms were clean. 
Another table had a hair in their food which is always disgusting to see or hear. 
It's located right by the train station which is convenient. Parking seemed limited right around that area as far as street parking and super close lots.I am very torn on how to review this restaurant.  If I viewed only my meal and didn't take into account the rest of my party's experiences, I would give this place a solid 4, with a deduction on service.  But, as I was with three other people, I am knocking it down one star due to their disappointment.
This brewery is a very busy, very popular, restaurant located near the convention center.  I came with three other colleagues looking for some good food and craft beer.  
Our server, I think his name was Daniel, was amazing.  He was funny, engaging and really took care of us.  We got our drinks quickly as well as our appetizers.
I order the baked pretzels.  They were very good  - could have used a bit more salt, but we polished them off, so that is a good sign.
I ordered the jaeger Schnitzel for my meal, but asked them to substitute  in chicken instead of pork.   My companions ordered ribs, burger and soup.  
The burger was to be medium and it came well done.  The ribs were ok - but they wow anyone.  My meal came out wrong altogether and when I asked that they correct it, I got dirty looks. Our waiter was very apologetic.  They fixed my dish quickly and brought it out.  It lacked the sauce that you expect for a jaeger schnitzel but it I did eat it - chicken was done well.  
I would try this place just on their vast selection of craft beers and seasonal menu.  They just need to organize their kitchen a little bit.  Otherwise, food is good, and beer is better.One day stay in Philly and this spot was near the hotel.  Draft beer list was extensive and menu options were plentiful.  Opted for fish tacos on appetizer menu and they were ok but looking at others entrees around me and I was jealous.  Pretty good vibe on the bar side.They do NOT take reservations. Even though you get a reservation through Yelp it is not recognized when you get there. Other than the 30 minute wait, the food and atmosphere was great! We tried some beer samples that the waiter recommended (Ryan was awesome). They did not have the lava cake but the cookie sandwich was a pleasant surprise!Excellent food and beer. They have an extensive menu that goes beyond ordinary bar food. Very nice atmosphere and friendly service. I highly recommend a visit. I had the shrimp and sausage etouffee over rice which was delicious.Great service from a variety of waitstaff. Endless variety of brews and good solid food to go with. Good for small groups too.My favorite Iron Hill location! Great beer, great food and great service!  Make sure to ask for the Philly Special, the iconic Philly IPA.  The wings are on point and it's a great location for your next social or work outing!  Don't miss the chance to visit Iron Hill if you are nearby, you won't be disappointed!A friend recommended that we try Iron Hill for dinner because of their wide selection and popularity. I was really excited to try it since I hadn't gone to an American styled restaurant in awhile. 
The best way I could describe it here is being one step up from a "Friday's".
I ordered a salmon burger w/fries and the strawberry lemonade cocktail. The presentation wasn't that great and I also was given a small portion of French fries. However, the burger was really good as well as the cocktail. The waiter was fine and I don't really have any complaints from his service. 
The only thing was that my friend was charged extra for fries even though it came with her entree.
Overall the experience was decent and the wait was long as expected, but no complaints.We went here on a whim after a day in Lancaster. The service was absolutely terrible. We ordered an appetizer  and the wrong one came out. The bus boy brought it out and when we told him it was wrong he just blankly stared at us. Very odd. At this point we've been here for about 45 minutes and our orders still weren't taken. I hadn't seen the waiter since we arrived and when I did see her I asked if she was going to take our order to which she replied "I was waiting for you to get done your app" which was also odd. I asked her to just take our order because I didn't know how much longer we would be there waiting.  We needed up not getting what we wanted originally because we had already been there a long time so we just ended up getting pizza and splitting it (figuring it would be less room for mess up) Despite the absolutely terrible service, the wings and pizza were great.I always enjoy the food when I go. It's a good place to go with friends as there is a decent selection that would appease most people. However, the food itself is nothing special. It is definitely more alcohol focused there.Such amazing, friendly, and helpful staff. Melissa (manager) was really kind and inviting. Jake (server) was so helpful with beer and food selections. Definitely going to make this a go-to for my coworker happy hour!I ordered the Char-Grilled Ribeye Steak and Baja-Style Fish Taco Specials take-out for dinner. The food was packaged in nice to-go containers and was still hot when I arrived home. The medium rare steak was seasoned and cooked to perfection. It was delicious! I also heard great things about their selection of drinks/beers so I'll definitely be back for sure!Great atmosphere excellent service! Our waiter was so kind and patient with us till we ordered. He even got us samples of the beers we were thinking of getting so we could make a final decision. Place was clean great vibe, the Game was on so that was perfect! The burgers were so good!!! My husband got the Al burger he loved it was a unique flavor 
The rest of us got the pub burger over all it was delicious the meat was so yummy! Didn't really like the sweet potato fries they were thick and tasted more like yams nor exactly sweet potato if you get me.. but our waiter gladly changed them to regular fries which we appreciated no attitude just a smile and ok excellent service!! Will definitely be back next time we visit Philadelphia!My food was bland and over priced, definitely a tourist trap. Do yourself a favor and walk the couple extra blocks else where. So many awesome brew pubs in this city you will not be missing anything. I got a salad and soup because I had a feeling the food was going to be a miss and I was right. Seafood bisque is definitely not house made, the consistency was almost like Jello way to thick even for a bisque, maybe from being re heated to much? non the less stay away. I also got the mesclun salad. The salad was super basic and the blue cheese dressing was gross, super thick and tasted like kraft or something. For the prices they charge I was expecting better quality at the least. My beer was decent but nothing to write home about. If your looking for awesome food and good beer, I suggest 2nd story brewing in old city , food is way better and it's local not a chain.I went to this location with a party of 12. I had some family over from England and we were showing them down town so we decided to eat here. Our table was ready by our reservation time which was great. Our waiter was wonderful. He was very attentive and patient which was great considering we had 4 children with us. Our table was right by the front window which kept the kids entertained with making faces at the passerby's. The food was absolutely delicious. We had 3 appetizers for the table. The hummus platter, the cheese steak egg rolls and the pretzels. The egg rolls were my favorite. The entrees were perfect and we had 3 desserts to share. I couldn't of asked for a better outcome.In town for a conference at the Marriott, this place is super close walk. Had such a great experience the first night, came back the second night.  Great happy hour specials, great tasting food, and great beer.  I recommend the Philly IPA and the sweet potatoes fries.
Sat at the bar both nights and had complete different folks serving me on each night, and the primary reason I'm writing this review is to praise the level of service and friendliness of the bar staff.  They were great, offering to let me try any beer before purchasing a full one.  They just really went above and beyond to make sure I had a great experience.  
This place just to me exemplifies what a gastropub should be and when I find myself traveling to Philly, I'll be swinging by again.This review is strictly based on the service not on the food. The food is 5 stars, if I actually get the food I ordered. Three times I've placed a pick up order and have not received all of the food I ordered.  I kept ordering from this location due to convenience and my family loves the food, but I'm done here. The last time I was there I told the lady at the front who handed me my food that I am checking because I never have all my food. Her response was "it's all there" and it was actually missing broccoli and fries. I reached out to Iron Hill Center City and someone did get back to me, which is considerate, but I am not going back. The resturant is never crowded when I go and I put the order in several hours before picking up so it is no rush. They obviously cannot handle takeout orders properly at this location.We visited Philadelphia for the first. What are great experience. The city of brotherly love certainly delivered. The food and drinks were great! Our server Sean was friendly and attentive. A pregnant woman's water broke in the restaurant and Sean and his fellow coworker scrubbed that place down like you wouldn't believe. I've never been to a restaurant that cared so much about the cleanliness of its establishment. Hoping the woman had a healthy baby and named it after Sean. Definitely the most memorable dining experience ever!I placed an order for takeout and when I arrived there was not a record of it. The Hostess was very pleasant while we figured it out. It was suggested I may have placed my order to the other location which I was not aware existed. Oops. But this was not the case and I had the proper location on the email. The Hostess was able to accept the email and get my order underway promptly without me asking. Shortly after the Manager approached me with apologies. I was not upset at all and I Thanked him. I waited about 10 minutes and my order was handed to me. 
The burger, asparagus and sweet potato fries were as equally good as the service Iron Hill showed me. At times I feel like 'old school' customer service has been left to our imagination. Thank You Iron Hill for giving us hope in the service industry. Kudos.Service was great. Beer was great.  Food is another thing. Portions were horrible.   If you come her stuck to the bar food. Burger and Sandwiches.  My Salmon salad was the smallest portion I have ever seen.  Her salad was super small also.  Kids meals are great.  Sandwiches are a good proportion. Don't order off special menu.  Also very very tiny portions for a lot of money. Most kids meals are good. Daughters chicken pot pie was all dark meat and very fatty.   Marlton and all the other locations I have been too are much better. This was a two star or one but our service was great.What a great brewery and pub. I sampled a couple of different IPAs and were so good I had a pint of each! Way good beer. Needed something to eat so I had the Philly Cheesesteak egg rolls. They were as good as you can imagine. Lots of steak with gooey melted cheese. And a very nice horseradish dipping sauce.This place is great. It's a large restaurant and brewery that makes a lot of their beers in-house. I came here for a drink and a flight and I was not disappointed with the results. They have a wide variety of beers and styles and you can't go wrong with a flight (or two). I personally love saisons and they had plenty of great options for me (especially "The Cannibal"). While I haven't had their food - it seems like it is pretty standard bar food (burgers, chicken tenders, nachos). Overall - it's a great place!Terrible experience today.  Cousin called yesterday to make a reservation for lunch for my birthday today.  Talked to a real person, made a reservation for 12:30.  Got a text confirmation (see attached photo).  Arrived there at 12:27, was told by hostess yes she had us and it would just be a couple of minutes because they had to put tables together.  At 1:20, after getting the run-around, a "manager" tried to tell us we couldn't have made a reservation and when we showed her the text confirmation she said she didn't know how we did it online.  We told her, we didn't, we called the day before, she said she wasn't there and asked who we spoke to.  After waiting 50 minutes, she still couldn't tell us when we would be seated.  She did apologize and offer comps but when I tried to continue the conversation to understand why this happened and express my frustration with not knowing when we would be seated, let alone served, she started crying and just walked away.  We left and went to Margarita's, where we were seated immediately, had a fantastic lunch and superb service.  I would not go back to Iron Hill or recommend it to anyone.Another new place for a Friday lunch with my friend and coworker. IHB has been here for a few years and I've been wanting to try something different and this hit the spot.
We were seated quickly, but they corralled everyone on one side of the restaurant. Masks were required unless you were eating, and all staff were wearing theirs.
Our waitress was friendly and helpful with menus and service.
I ordered a beer flight which was four 4oz pours. You could get the traditional which I did, or the pumpkin version. For me, it was easy to determine a ranking from first to last. Drank last first to eventually get to my favorite.
For food, although I was really craving a burger, I instead went with the fried Brussels sprouts. They were so good with a right amount of crispness and flavored with Parmesan and lemon. I also went with the hummus platter which I also enjoyed except for the olives. I'm not a fan of them and had to take them off. But there was an adequate amount of hummus to fillers ratio.
My friend loved her burger. "Well done, not burnt." The bacon was extra crispy, and she gave me her pickle and tomato. The fries were also spot on.
Overall, we had a good time at IHB, and would like to make a return visit soon.
$48 for a beer flight, iced tea, two appetizers, and a burger. Two people not including tip.Seems like part of a chain. Busy and vibrant with good atmosphere even at 3pm. Seems to look and do well even as it is opposite the Reading market and pa conference center. I would recommend it. 
That said a bit disfunctional service. First host introduced herself took order then disappeared. Someone else took order again. Both failed to deliver requested water. Manager in check shirt delivered meal I asked him to go the extra mile and deliver the requested water ( thinking he was a table server) and shortly got our waiter to deliver water telling us that was his manager! 
To the food starters strawberry salad just fine. Kenneth square mushroom soup really nice. Then Zeus burger with lamb not included(?) just fine but sweet potato fries badly over cooked. 
For my part half rack ribs. A bit cool. Quite acceptable but not as good as my fav in Flanagan's in West Palm Beach. As you might expect forgot the Belgian fries. (Which apparently means with skin on) new to me me but ok.  Eventually they came very hot and acceptable. 
Good simple coffee they have nothing else. 
Oh the beer typical microbrewery was stuff. Heavy on hopes but plenty of options. 
Summary. 
Location 10 but do not go unless you are there
Food 8 quite acceptable
Service 6 they try friendly but in coordinated
Beer 9 as good as you might expect
Atmosphere on Saturday afternoon 10
Over to you. Give it a goI came to visit for an overnight stay for business. Me and a colleague ate here and had an amazing experience with our server Seth. We were immediately seated, given a nice introduction about the restaurant by the host staff. When Seth began our service he was very pleasant and helpful. He easily guided us through our drink ordering process and was very patient. His attentive service made it an easy experience to dine and relax. 
I would like to add that the restaurant could do better with their menu. We did enjoy the guacamole, wings, and lobster flatbread. The onion straws were so thin it was like air. It would be nice if they diversify their entrees because the appetizers were the better options. Other than that, the overall experience was great. I would DEFINITELY return!Finally a brewery with a really light beer.  True light beer. It is VERY light - thanks. They also have good "stronger" beer too. Service outstanding with a smile. I think it is new here so good job on the atmosphere. Very clean and neat. will check in back for food.Claims to have a Philly Cheesesteak as a "signature dish".  Spoiler alert...they're EGG ROLLS!  I walked FOREVER for egg rolls?!?!?!  Talk about false advertisement 
The other foods on the menu are delicious. I recommend this spot.Excellent restaurant. Definitely recommend the Vegetable Noodle Bowl and the Flank steak dish!food was great! waitress was very attentive! the margarita de maya was delicious and so were the nachos and sandwiches!! loved it here and would definitely come back. was a little pricey tho!! very nice date for me and my girlfriend:)Great dining experience. Food was good and Witt, our server, was excellent. He made good recommendations and was very accommodating to my unique tastes. Definitely recommend this location.A little disappointed for the first time in years. Flatbread was gummy, not crisp at all and Ahi tuna poke was tough. Server said they got rid of brick oven. Sad because I always bragged about their pizza.Waited over an hour to be served. We were one of two tables there when we ordered. Food was mediocre and not freshI ordered food from here through grubhub, and after 45 minutes, my order was cancelled with no consolation or explanaation. My biggest issue is that  they should have cancelled my order much sooner so that I could order elsewhere.Th it s is brand new location. So WELCOME TO MARKET STREET EAST!  THIS AREA OF THE CITY NEEDS THIS RESTAURANT.  Wife and I wanted to try this restaurant. We were met at the door by three host persons. Restaurant was very busy and lively. We were told there would be a 25 minute wait. So we decided to have a drink at the bar. Right behind the host station there was an empty booth for 4. I requested if we could be seated at this both and was told it was for people waiting. I got the feeling "what was being implied both was for 4 not 2, move on."  We found seats at the bar and were met by Madeline and Seth. They were great, made us feel very welcome and comfortable. We were allowed to taste the wine and beer choices before selecting. We ordered food - wife had Moroccan Salmon and I had fish tacos with fried cauliflower. Wife liked salmon and I enjoyed tacos. The cauliflower was limp and not crisp. Madeline brought the cauliflower  back to the kitchen with our critique and did not charge me. We will go back to try in eight months. When we do I will sit at the bar, and ask for Madeline.Awesome beer and burger.  I really enjoyed my beer, a house brew blonde.  My blonde wife had a great burger (the naked burger) on a salad - gluten and dairy free.  She was happy, so I got 2 good blondes in one night! 
Our server was very helpful, walked us through a rather detailed menu, and referred to the kitchen prior to confirming Sandy's order, all the time keeping my glass full.  I had the hot chicken slider app - good bar fair.This place lives up to its name - they really know their beer! Our waitress Cosi gave us all the details about each of the different beers we ordered, and also slipped in a few of her personal recommendations. The mixed drinks were also really tasty. The facility was clean, and all the staff took the safety precautions very seriously. Will have to visit again to try their food!I was excited to try this new location in Canter City, but I was disappointed. The restaurant is in a super popular area with City Hall and the new Gallery Mall just blocks away, so I expected them to be capable of handling the large volume of people it'll serve. Wrong. We had a Saturday evening reservation, but weren't seated until 45 minutes past that time. And then the kitchen was slow with preparing our food so we waited another 45 minutes between our appetizer and main dishes. However, our waiter was courteous and apologized for our extended wait. 
We ordered the pretzels as an appetizer which we would not recommend; they were basically everything bagel sticks-nothing about them resembled a pretzel. My dining partner ordered the pork loin special and I opted for a burger. His pork was dry and the veggies weren't seasoned so they were flavorless. My burger, what is listed as the turkey guacamole burger but with a beef patty, was also dry and didn't have much flavor.
Their beer is always delicious (afterall they are a brewery), but I won't return for their food again.came here with my family. everyone had a great meal and they allowed some people to taste their beer before ordering a whole glass. had a reasonable gluten free menu + some ciders. Had the monk burger, very tasty but as usual the gluten free rolls were big and make the sandwich a little harder to pick up and eatAll of their beers are fantastic and they always have a great selection outside of that. But don't come for the beer, come for the food. This isn't your standard bar or brewery restaurant. I know it's a chain but they constantly change the menu depending on the season. I've never had a bad meal here after 20+ visit.This was close to the Marriott and thought we would give it a try.  Had the Chorizo dip and the Southwest Egg rolls.  Honestly, the egg rolls had a ton of flavor but there was only two full rolls cut in half for $14.  Not worth the money if you are looking to be food full.  Had the Iron Hill Light and the wife had Bramble berry.  Both solid.  The environment was good.  Relaxed and okay for the family.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely nice, fast and attentive.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  Its better then a 3 but not a 4.  If 3.5 was around that would be my score.  Since its not, they get a 4 because its closer to 4 then a 3.FIVE STAR MEAL AND SERVICE AGAIN. Consistency is key, I really hope they keep it up here. The location is perfect & the food is fantastic. I brought another out of town friend here and we had an excellent experience. The Brussel sprouts and beer flight are my go to starters. This time I tried the rainbow trout which was divine, my friend did the steak plate. We ate every drop and even had dessert which was creme brle so so good. EAT HERE, your belly will thank you.Love coming here when I'm in the city! 
The espresso martini is delicious, as is the Mango Seltzer. 
I'm also a big fan of the Philly Special. My husband has tried most of the signature beers available, and he has loved almost every single one. 
Great place to pop in and have a drink.This restaurant was fabulous.  Friday night was very busy so it took a while but the service was very good and the flavors of our meals were delicious.  We had the salmon spring rolls and cauliflower appetizers which we ate right up.  I enjoyed my pan seared filet mignon entree with the raspberry beer.  I was presently surprised with the beer flavor.  My daughter's crab cake sandwich was delicious!  Definitely would recommend that dish.We were in philly with our two kids. Staying close to this area at night was proving hard for us with children to find places to eat dinner. 
I've never eaten at an iron hill Brewery being from nyc. But, everything was great! So many really good beers. Food was tasty. No complaints! 
We did a flight and then chose a pint of our favorite. 
Ervin was a very genuinely sweet and prompt sever :)
Would recommend and would return. 
Also, music was good.Checked this place out tonight...over all amazing experience. The service was great and food was really good. I loved the Fish tacos and did I mention the service was amazing. Had a very small issue with my rainbow trout and the server and manager took care of it without a second thought. I will definitely be back here to try out more of what they have.Good beer selection and it only took about 20 minutes to be seated for 2 people on a very busy day when the estimate was 30 minutes. It took a bit for our server to get to us but once she did she took our food and drink orders quickly and drinks came quickly. She brought samplers over and apologized for the long wait for our food but it really wasn't that long for a busy Saturday with the marathon expo and college football. The food was just okay. The pretzel sticks were good but the nachos were just decent. The burger was just so so and the ribs could have been more flavorful. Not a bad place in a pinch, but I wouldn't necessarily go back for food.Really wanted to try this place but unfortunately they double booked the restaurant and 30 people (with reservations) could not be seated on Valentine's Day. We had a reservation (booked a week in advance) but they couldn't seat us for an hour. They didn't even have the decency to call beforehand to let us know they were running behind. Very disappointing.Feels a bit chain-restauranty, but had a solid time having a snack and a couple beers. The brews are pretty solid, no GABF gold medalist but plenty of serviceable beers. Good service. Roomy. Decent vibe and ambiance. Food was solid. Drink local!Great place. If you are there before the dinner crowd you will be happy to get a table quickly. 7 veggie pizza and 3 meat pizza were delicious. Staff works very well together.My experience at this location was phenomenal! The setup was nice, proper Covid precautions in place staff was top tier! I went with a friend I haven't seen in a while and he said he liked beer but turns out he's a basic bitch . We ordered the coffee stouts, sweet potato fries, and a Margherita pizza. While waiting for the food our server brought over a few tasters from their beer selection I wish I remembered the names but they were delicious. We stayed way passed closing without realizing it and even though they were the closed the staff was really sweet when letting us know they were closed and it was time to go. The only thing I wish this place had parking but that's the price you pay when dining in center city.First impression, great decor and super large inside.  Waitstaff extremely friendly and patient.  We were a larger group and she was super kind to all of us and we were being indecisive with our orders.
We came for lunch on a Sunday.  Everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  We also got a few flights of beer.  SOOOO delicious!  I wish I lived closer because excellent beer here.
The bathrooms were super clean which always tells me something about a  restaurant.
Would recommend if in the area!This location is direct across from Jefferson Station and the new fashion District mall. It is always busy so I will suggest you try to get reservations. The concierge was very friendly and approximately on the wait time.  The entire restaurant is clean thoroughly you can see them cleaning as you are eating dinner people are going around wiping chairs and tables down. The food quality and portions were right on the money.The place was packed and excessively loud. The food was ok but nothing spectacular. The mini cheesesteak eggrolls were tasty but grossly overpriced. We all said our meals were ok but with too many ingredients. Frizzled onion sticks are tasty but maybe not on a roast beef sandwich. The all too common problem of having numerous waiters who don't know who ordered each entre is alive and well here. Based on the prices, I expected better.Omg!! We absolutely loved this place. The servers were extremely nice. We loved Cozy our server she was amazing, def a 5/5. There was no waiting and the server took her time explaining everything they had to offer. The Vibe was super laid back and would def be returning costumers. Thanks for the hospitality, Philly.Great food....awesome service 
Will def go back......even the chocolate 
stout ice cream was deliciousThis was our first time here. Visiting the City for our Anniversary and after a long day of walking decided to stop in. Wonderful food! Turkey Burger was delicious! And we told the waiter it was our anniversary and they paid for our first round of drinks! So nice! Voodoo Chicken flatbread is a must have appetizer as well!!!From the moment we stepped in until our final goodbyes, the staff treated us like gold. Daniel our waiter was incredible. At first, I ordered Soft Pretzels. Then Daniel after placing order for my wife's appetizer, gave me the bad news that the kitchen wasn't making pretzels and he apologized. He recommended the Voodoo Chicken Flatbread which was amazing! Daniel was attentive to our dining needs. Great sense of humor. Main dishes was good then here comes the dessert, Russian Imperial Stout ice cream on top of the apple crisp. Instead of the standard one scoop, Daniel have is 2! Delicious! Choice of beers was more than adequate and the explanation of every beer with matching food choices was extremely helpful. Conclusion: Iron Hill Brewery is centrally located, right across the street from the convention center.  Wide variety of quality food and beers. Can be a bit crowded for a date due to noise levels but not annoying. Make reservations. We were seated immediately upon arrival.The outside looks so cute. And the food was great! I came here with my boyfriend after we walked around the fashion district. The food wasn't super expensive either.I have never felt the need to leave a review, because of course everyday is different in the service industry. However, I don't think I have ever had such a bad experience as I did at Iron Hill. On a work lunch trying to have a couple drinks, first we're told by the host stand that they could not accommodate us in a more quiet area of the restaurant although we were just having drinks (short staffed I get) However, the host abruptly cut me off to tell me it was "not allowed" so we were put at a high top right next to a more seclusive area. Perfect spot to work. So we asked after about twenty minutes of it being empty if we could move there. It was now the waiters turn to be very rude and unaccommodating.  He told us that we could not due to the size of our party, granted it's after the lunch hour on a Friday. Sure enough, five minutes later two people are sat in the same said booth. Overall terrible experience with wait staff and the table next to us complained about their food. Would not come back here if they were giving out free beer. (Ok maybe too far, but that's the only way)
UPDATE: the other booth that was open was also sat with twoFun evening at the soft open of the newest Iron Hill. Beautiful venue near the SE corner of 12th Market.  Great craft beer is flowing! Crew did a great job, especially our server, Jules. We loved the new Garcia Flatbread. We both had the Moroccan salmon--great taste, beautiful presentation. Come visit, ask for Megan, she would love to meet you!Everything we at was amazing and delicious! All the staff was friendly and accommodating! I got a flight of beers, all delicious!Its a brewery theme restaurant.  They have a good selection of their own beers, with a unique food menu, but you are not going to meet the brew master.  The wait staff has a working knowledge of their offerings, but they can get caught off guard with a deeper beer question.  
But hey, its in the center of downtown Philly, and on a hot day, it was a good place to cool down and have a couple of beers.
Food offerings are good and different, but it feels like an upscale Applebbes.REALLY digging this new Iron Hill location in the city. Have always loved the Media and West Chester spots, and this one did not disappoint.
Staff was on point and trained up by the time we arrived.
Place was packed, but the wait wasn't long for a table.
Beer was DELISH. (As always.) Had the Hopicana fruity IPA. Would recommend.
I had the salmon salad and my dining companion had the steak salad. Both delivered on the promise of freshness and flavor, and were filling. Fresh ground pepper was a nice touch.
Would love to do some damage to the wings and fries the lady next to us had, next time we go.
Will definitely be back, and excited to try more!Randomly came here for some late night drinks. Great place!
Wide open, surprisingly brightly lit, easy to talk to the people you're there with. Nice beer selection and the waiter openly gave us beer and wine recommendations. Great music choice as well. Hopefully this will start to liven up the market street night life. Would definitely recommend!Popped in for a beer and a dessert here.  Iron Hill is the touristy but reliable "craft" brewer in the center of town.  It works in a pinch, but in Philadelphia, unless you're after something they specifically make, you're better served elsewhere.
Pros:
They have an intriguing if slightly mediocre beer selection.  I appreciate that they have standard offers and specific local crafts, great ways to sample and additional wines/cocktails.
Very large menu similar to most chains.  We only stopped by for a dessert/beverage but we weren't disappointed.
The area is large and comfortable.  We were not cramped at all.
Cons:
Service itself was fine, but for some reason it took a long time to get a table, on a Wednesday, after 8pm.  Additionally, we were specifically instructed not to sit at the bar/near the bar area.  It was unclear what high tops were for.  
On that not, our service was slightly slow and seemed to be based on a lack of staffing that night.  I'm not sure if it was convention specific or standard.  
The beer offerings were just okay.  I don't think I was expecting more, but I was hoping the more local/specific offerings would be a little adventurous.  They weren't really, but not worse than similar large breweries nearby.  
My wife ordered a cocktail which was not made properly - it was an old fashioned without, apparently, any simple syrup or sugar.  Very strange, but maybe not that surprising for a beer bar.  
Other notes:  Prices were standard if slightly less expensive than the rest of the area.  
Conclusion:  Iron Hill checks a lot of boxes but feels more touristy and chain-ey than the rest of the developing beer community in Philadelphia.  It's location is ideal for attracting out-of-towners looking for a comfortable spot, but for a local, unless you're looking for reliability, you can do better.  It's fine and I'll probably end up back, but it's hard to justify regularly.Great location and wonderful service. Waitress was very helpful and friendly. Food was delicious!Ok I've tried to be supportive, management is cool, wait staff...it depends on who you get and the food is questionable depending on the day! The BEER is good.  I went tonight and my waitress was less than exciting as was my spicy chicken sliders for $12 without any taste or a french fry!During a very busy Holiday weekend they managed to seat our party of 7 in a timely manner. The host was pleasant and accommodating.  The food was good and when they forgot the cheese on a sandwich they brought out a new sandwich immediately and told us to keep the one without cheese too. It was a nice experience.Iron Hill Brewery has been expanding relatively quickly so I decided to stop here with a friend to grab some drinks and apps on Memorial Day. I was afraid at first that since it was in Center City I wouldn't be able to find any parking (that I didn't have to sell an organ to pay for), but it is nicely located at the tip of Center City close to Chinatown and the Convention Center and there's always plenty of parking in that area, if not, you can sell your soul for funds to park in an overpriced garage or take public transit which is located right outside the restaurant. It was nice out so we sat on the patio, service was a little slow because there was one server out there, but it was a holiday so I didn't care too much and once he took our order the food and drinks came out relatively quickly. 
We shared the chicken nachos, Rhode Island Calamari, and the Philly Cheesesteak Eggrolls. All were extremely good. For drinks we both had the Tequila Light Sunrise, which I thought was just alright, but the white sangria was much better. They are a brewery so I do think it's safer to go with a beer option (which they had plenty of), but unfortunately I'm not a beer drinker so I passed on it. They offer pairing options for the drinks and create your own flights which is nice. I would definitely come back to Iron Hill Brewery.
OH and there's this really cool swing outside the patio area which is great for photo ops.Sean was an amazing server.  He made up for the two VERY VERY Rude Hostess' up front!  At first I was really turned off by their extremely rude customer service, but Sean made it better.  The food is great and beer selections were also good.  I'd recommend this place as long as the two up front get customer service training!Very nice new location, real good app/finger foods but the entrees I wanna say isn't far off from a Applebee's or Friday's 
Beers where good/exceptional for being a brewery 
Alittle over priced but was excepting that from this chain brewery.
3 outta 5 stars for it being soo nice and clean with good service and good finger foodsFood is good.  Don't ever get a glass of wine.  I had a glass of Robert mondavi CAB.  They charged $20 for the glass.  Unbelievable.  The bottle costs 18.99.  I understand up charges but this is completely ridiculous.This place was good. My friend and I got the fried chicken sandwich and "made it Korean", which means they add some Korean sauce. They enforced covid policies well and spaces parties out well over 6 ft. The staff was also super friendly and the waitress was very professional and friendly!We have been going to Iron Hill at many locations in the Philly area since we moved here a decade ago. We have always enjoyed their high quality beer and delicious food. On our last visit, which will likely be our last visit, we found a new (recently introduced) menu that removed all but one, the least appealing (falafel burger) vegetarian entree from the menu.  While Iron Hill never had what one would call a vegetarian-friendly menu, there was a least some choice, including a Mediterranean wrap and a couple of pizzas to choose from in the past.  It didn't help when the waitress informed us that there are several options with seafood, indicating she had no idea what a vegetarian eats. The message was clear to us, we have no interest in customers who are vegetarian.This is a fun place! Great food! I had the southwest chicken salad - spicy, but good! The Flower Flight was super good also. Highly recommend this place!!This place was surprisingly good! I had low expectations because it's a chain and a brewery, but their food was way better than I had expected. They make everything from scratch supposedly so custom orders aren't a problem. Lots of beers on the menu, and you can taste any before ordering; I got their guava one, since I like evil genius' #adulting a lot. Their service was a little slow (our waitress disappeared multiple times), but we weren't in a big rush so it wasn't a huge deal. I'd definitely come back here after the gym again to negate everything I just did!Service is lacking. Complained about it and I got the vibe that I was overreacting. Our server ignored us. It was busy, but there is a way to acknowledge everyone and work the floor. They tried to make up for it but it was pointless because they were dismissive of my concerns. Don't come back and try and fix it, listen the first time. Ordered a flight and two of the beers were kicked. Chicken teriyaki lacked flavor and sauce, probably should order some on the side. I was so irked I lost my appetite, so I can't tell you how the pot pie is, I had them bag it up. I'm giving it to someone on my way out.The food is excellent, prepared on site and all local and the beer... OMG the beer. Philly Special IPA is one of the 5 best I've ever had. Dank, juicy, and super hazy. Great place, great service and excellent prices.Came here with my boyfriend a few weeks after they opened and he was excited because we always go to Iron Hill by where he lives. 
The service was quick and the food was good. I usually get the lobster flatbread and eat almost the whole thing. My guy loves their beer selection and free beer samples.Center City's Iron Hill Brewery doesn't disappoint.  Super convenient location (for us downtown dwellers!), upscale atmosphere, loads of big-screen TVs, great cocktails and a varied menu (we did the filet mignon and the pickled steer sandwich, plus cheesesteak eggrolls and a coffee cake dessert) await.  We were seated promptly at a super-cool people-watching window table (we had a reservation), our server, Matt, was attentive, and our food came out piping hot.  The restaurant manager even checked on us.  We will back for another date night or a meal out with friends.  And don't hesitate to bring the kids -- we saw several families (tourists, it appeared) and everyone looked happy.Didn't get a chance to try any of the food here, but they have awesome beer flights! Fun, semi-loud atmosphere and great location in the middle of the city.Very chill microbrewery with a clean feel. I watched a distressing Eagles game here against the Vikings, and despite the outcome, the drinks and food were pretty good and the environment was very tidy. It wasn't the most expressive venue, but for a simple place to grab some good drinks and food while catching a game at the bar, it was a really nice change of pace from the typical sports bar, where the beers and food always seem subpar.Beer was was Ice cold and delicious. The food was just Ok. Skip the Lobster Bisque. It was not chunky like the waiter said it would be. The Brewskie burger was thick and juicy but the lettuce and tomato looked like yesterday's. And my fries were tired.Great service, great drinks and great food! If you visit Philly come here! 
Try their pomegranate margaritas they are fire!!! Everyone has been great here and this is our second time here.We came in the afternoon as we were just exploring the city. I make it a goal to step into many breweries as I can while traveling. 
It was really easy to get a table but we went to the bar as it was more interesting. The bartenders were really friendly and helpful. We spent hours just hanging out and was never pressured by the staff.The only good thing about our night out at Iron Hill Brewery was the time my friends and I had together. We sat at the bar and ordered food. I ordered food when I arrived and after 30 minutes i was still waiting for my order. I called the bartender and he said he forgot to pit it in. As we sat and talked the ceiling started to leak. More like rain onto us and our food. The manager did come to apologized but that was it. We moved to a table away from the bar and the server came over to take our order. We explained what happened. Moat of us had finished but my friend wings she enjoyed but had not finished about three of them. We explained this to the server and  she said she would bring some more wings out. She was not very friendly. When she returned she literally brought out a plate with exactly three wings. Not a new and full order! Three wings! They also replaced the drinks of three of my friends and the replacements were not make correctly. The server dis not engage us and seemed as if she didn't want to be there. She gave us our check and on our way we went, damp clothes into the cold. Will not be back!!!I rarely write bad reviews, but our experience here was miserable and therefore short-lived.  We had a reservation outside, but none of any of the tables were bussed (we tried 3 different empty tables).  There was a large group of teenagers running around a playground right by all the tables, maskless.  We were seated by three tables of 20-somethings who began taking pictures, maskless, next to our table for about 10 minutes.  All the meanwhile, we were not greeted by a server for a solid 15 minutes.  We were so uncomfortable being so close by so many maskless people and the restaurant clearly was not taking safety precautions, so we ultimately left.  Really a disappointment, considering we were really looking forward for our first experience here.  Also, indoors is no safer--we saw patrons walking around indoors with drinks, unmasked.  We felt very unsafe and will not be returning.Ate here 3 times during a 3 2 day stay, atmosphere and food was excellent. Took a larger group back and was pleased with service and a wide variety of their menu.Came here with family sat mid afternoon.food quality was pretty good. Portion for nachos was ok but on small side. The issue was service. Food arrived in timely manner, but then was abandoned and had to flag down passing wait staff just to get a refill on a water. Nobody came by to see if food was acceptable. Had to go chase them for the check. Was not overly busy, so frankly. It really an excuse for this poor a level of service.Sat at the bar and our bartender was awesome! He found the perfect drinks for us and made our day. Very friendly atmosphere and we sat right down. First time here and would recommend.Located in a great location right across from the Pennsylvania Convention Center and near public transportation. I was in the city for the Auto Show and wanted to grab some food and drinks before hand, so of course I expected the place to be packed! Knowing there was going to be a wait didn't phase me at all and I was half hoping for a seat at the bar, but no luck that day. But you can still at least order some drinks while you wait to be seated!
Getting here.... I prefer taking public transportation.. I took the Patco and got off at the 8th and Market St stop. But if you prefer to drive, there are several close parking garages and lots available within walking distance!
FOOD/DRINKS
The drinks were good... I'm more of a Porter and Stout gal so I went with their Signature Porter to of course try out their own brews and I was not disappointed. Husband liked his beers as well, he went with one of their seasonal beers (Full Throttle Blonde Ale) and then one of their signature brews (Vienna Red Lager) which he liked more. They do have options for flights so that you can taste a variety and then eventually order a bigger size. They have an option to join their King of the Hill club where it's a one time fee of $15 to get their perks of their beer club and get more beer for your money. Great deal if you love their brews and plan on coming back often.
The food was mediocre, but I also didn't go with anything fancy. I went with their Brewski burger. Their menu said it paired well with my Porter that I chose and I had actually wanted a burger so it worked out well. Didn't wait too long for the food to come out, but I was slightly disappointed. The bottom of my bun came out soggy and my burger was a little underdone. I had asked for it medium well but it was little bit more medium almost medium rare. I didn't complain tho cuz I was starving. But the flavor was good, bacon on it was really crispy. Fries came out good and crispy and well seasoned. My husband got the Drunk Monk Burger and his was better than mine! The mushrooms with the Brie and Rosemary Truffle Aioli that came with the burger went so well together. I would order that next time if I wanted a burger again.
Service
I was pleasantly surprised at how fast we were seated when the line was out the door. I believe they said wait was around 30 minutes but was seated in about 15 minutes. In the beginning after we were seated, it was a little bit slow, which I half expected due to the Auto show being that weekend, but it still took maybe about 15 minutes to even be acknowledged. But once our server came, her name was Aaliyah, it was fine! Took a while to get a smile out of her, but she finally smiled, was friendly and took care of us. So thank you Aaliyah!
Overall, experience was good. Restaurant had plenty of seating and even has lots of options for big groups. Will definitely come back to this location to try more of their items  and more of their brews!Let me begin with why 2*. The goods-Service was above average and the place is clean, large well decorated, and the bacon burger was real good with fries. Also can recommend the red wine vinaigrette which was very good. 
The not so good-The online ahead seating was worthless. We did this thru Yelp and still waited for all the groups ahead of us to seat our party of two.  I saw online that they had a filet, get there no filet. Server says they don't update their online menu.... Take it down then. I pivoted to the ribeye. The only thing with more fat on it in that restaurant was me. Worst steak I have had in years and $27. Half the potatoes were over cooked and the other half were under. They over did the lime on the asparagus which wasn't horrible but a little less would have been more enjoyable. Did a flight and all 4 were average to below average for craft. It was like big commercial style craft beer. Now I accept that I probably shouldn't order a steak at a brewery - but they shouldn't be serving one either. 
Stick to the burger and fries - nuff said.