Best. Cannolis. Ever.
I love all of their cannolis but their marscapone is my favorite. Their Italian cookies are delicious. The apple walnut  tart was good. I absolutely love this bakery.Isgro's is the best!  Their cannoli are so good and always freshly filled.  I've tried a number of cookies and other pastries from this bakery and every one is out of this world good!!  The cakes are fantastic as well, and they have so many unique flavors styles that you can always find something to please anyone!
Any time you need to feed that sweet tooth Isgro's is the way to go!I usually love Isgros but I'm not sure what happened. I received my favorite cake, Italian cream pie, for my birthday cake. The taste just wasn't there. It was missing the chocolate layer and nuts. The cake was also like mush. As soon as you cut it, the whole thing crumbled. For $40, the cake should taste good. I'm so disappointed. I wait all year for this cake and now I'm not sure I'll be waiting again.Craving some Italian dessert. I need to eat some good cannoli and lobster tail. I walked all the way to Italian market and got in this small bakery. 
Need to warn you, the ladies who worked there, they must be super busy with non stop customers. They don't want to be bothered so do not ask any question...
My cannoli... Ok.. Wasn't bad. But not as good as the one at Veniero's in NYC but definitely better than the Bruno's or petitio's. Lobster tail was ok. Pastries were well baked but their custard cream was just ok. I'm general their fillings were nothing special to me. I would never crave their filling though. 
Unexpected jackpot was carrot cake. Not too sweet but their cream cheese icing was amazing. Now I am craving their carrot cake though. 
If the ladies there were little nicer, at least answer your questions w/o being annoyed I would give them 4 star because of their carrot cake.My last two birthday cakes have been from Isgro's.  This year, tiramisu cake.  The year before, cannoli cake.  Seriously, how insanely genius is that.  Cannoli cake!  And I can't even tell you how good they tasted.  How much time I spend thinking of them all the rest of the year.. 
But in the mean time,  there are the actual cannoli.  Amazing, crispy, creamy, wonderful, with a sprinkling of powdered sugar goodness.  These will bring you back from the edge.  
This is not even to mention all the cookies and pastries and miniature tarts and cakes- from the traditional Italian to the plain everyday works of art.   I've literally never had anything bad from here.  There were things I might have loved slightly less than others, but only slightly.  Indeed, I have loved them all.  Sfogliatella, Italian Rum Cake Squares, I could go on, but I won't, just this once.
This shop is adorable and clean.. such a cute little storefront.  The ladies are always nice and helpful.  Their website claims that their famous customers have included both Paul Newman AND Frank Sinatra.  There is no more win than that. I also want to say that they have a picture of a Pope on the wall, but I may be imagining that in my sugar-fiending frenzy.  
It can get a little crowded and if you're a glutton like me, also a little pricey-  But these sweets are for special occasions and therefore worth every penny (And really, where else are you going to go?).  And remember, there is no shame in buying yourself cake.MOVES FAST?!?!? i would have liked to been in the line that moved fast. The ONLY thing i get here is the tirimisu, it's actually the only place i like it from. I stood in line for 2 hours on xmas eve, by no means did it move FAST. for every one person on the sidewalk there were 4 more crammed into the store. It was complete chaos and you couldn't even breath in there. Listen, do yourself a favor, go in the summer and even better yet, go a few blocks further and go to Potito's for your cannoli, you'll be better served and leave with some money in your pocket!For a place that's been around so long, they act like inept amateurs. Avoid them at all costs, unless you like taking risks. 
Isgro's made what was apparently a delicious and beautiful cake for my wedding. Unfortunately, I only got one bite, and the cake topper that we froze got ruined. So a little over a year later, for my birthday, my wife and I decided to order a replica of the cake topper as my birthday cake. We order it on a Sunday to be picked up the following Saturday morning - the day we're moving out of South Philly. I show up exactly at 9, when I'd agreed to pick it up. Oops, they forgot. "Please come back tomorrow mid-day," they say. 
So I show up the next day, patiently taking a special trip back to the city on my birthday itself, in the middle of a hectic move. I stand in a 25-minute line and when they finally call my number, they tell me that they forgot again. I did NOT have time this weekend to head over there twice, and it really helped to ruin what was already a frustrating and tiring birthday weekend.  Just the icing on a really bad cake, so to speak.
By all means, if you like taking risks with special orders, go to Isgro's. Roll the dice, see if they bother remembering you.  If they forget, you can roll the dice AGAIN and see if they forget you twice. Apparently, they have more important things to do than take your money and make cakes and pastries.I had the misfortune of trying the cannoli here. 
The cannolo was terrible!  It had an artifically flavoured filling with the texture of canned pudding instead of genuine ricotta, which is what good cannoli ought to be filled with. Pastry part was okay, with a crispy texture.
The cannolo was also surprisingly expensive, direly overpriced for the quality. 
If you like your cannoli tasting like they came out of a supermarket can of pudding, this is the place for you.Delicious butter walnut cookies and chocolate almond biscotti.  They are decadent but perfectly portioned and light   Perfect for snacking on when strolling through the Italian Market.  Grab yourself a latte from Anthony's and you have a great ending to a brunch.I just had the best zeppoli from here! Made with marscapone rather than ricotta.It was sinful! Their cannoli and butter cookies are better than any other South Philadelphia bakery.And all my birthday cakes come from here. The pound cake is a must!
My only complaint is that the lines are huge on weekends anymore. And forget about holidays.My family came here for over 20 years, but we've moved on.
I've started calling this place "Is gross" because there are always bugs flying/crawling all over the food. The women also haven't worn gloves or washed their hands after handling dirty money every time I've been here recently. It doesn't matter how good your food is if it's unsanitary.Scoot over Termini, I think I'm cheating on you with Isgro's.  The cannolis were amazing, the cookie was crunchier than termini.  i really liked their mascarpone cannoli also, the ones that are dipped in chocolate with the creme. hmm.... so good. And you can't forget the best of them all: THE TIRAMISU CAKE! Bring this to a friend's birthday, to your coworkers, or neighbors and you'll be the star of the evening. One of the best tiramisu cake I've had.I ordered a birthday tiramisu and it was light and moist. People loved it more than my wedding cake.It was priced similarly to other bakeries for tiramisu. I read a review on Yelp that the tiramisu is good and it didn't disappoint.If you are a fan of italian pastries, I would recommend it. 
If you're like me and do not like creamy, buttery desserts (trust me i LOVE bread and desserts), Isgro is probably not your best option. 
However,  I did love the original cannolis. The chocolate one way too sweet.. 
The carrot cake was way too sweet and creamy and....idk.. just too italian haha 
it's 3 stars for me personally, but it's a very busy place and ppl seem to love it!Fabulous cannolis, delicious cookies... unfortunate customer service on busy Saturdays.I don't know why I haven't tried Isgros before... I went this past Sunday and was tempted to buy everything in the store BUT INSTEAD... I kept it together and decided to start with the cookies and work my way up to pastries then cakes. Good thing I decided to do so because less than 20 cookies cost me about $14! Pretty pricy but it was totally worth it. 
Literally every cookie was baked to perfection- melt in your mouth, full of flavor, and perfect texture (not too soft but just a little crunch). I absolutely cannot wait to go back and try other things like their famous cannolis! 
This small family owned shop is a force to be reckoned with and although I already am in love with another Italian bakery, I am not against having 2 favorites!!The aroma when you first open you get hit with such a sweet aroma that it puts you in a state of utter extacy! Once you recover and you realize all the options available that feeling of exctacy transforms into gluttony! Everything looks delicios and you want to eat all that they offer but alas there are only a finite amount of calories that can be consumed in a day (unless of course its your day off).. Now I go straight for the original riccotta cheese cannolis! The pastry is perfectly crispy, the riccotta cheese perfectly light and creamy, the chocolate chips perfectly dispersed within the riccotta cheese. Every bite you take is better than the last. I am in complete love with the cannolis here that I have not had the impulse to cheat with some other pastries! Maybe I'll get a hall pass soon and see what other beauties are available at this pastry shop.The best sfogliatella ever!  But beware, this won't be inexpensive.Best Bakery in South Philly!
They have amazing cannoli's and cookies.  They have a huge variety of pastries--you can find something sweet in a second.
The place can get really busy--particularly after church time, but it's definitely worth the wait!I LOVE Isgro's!!! I can't say it enough how much all of their pastries taste so good! I get my birthday cake from there every year. The smell of the bakery is so tantalizing as you are walking down Christian Street, you can't help but not resist the temptation to walk inside and see what goodies they have on display that day.
I will never get a cake from anywhere else again. YUMMY!!!Cannolis, cakes, cookies, cream puffs oh my...
I have recently discovered my sweet tooth. It was always lurking in the shadows but for over 20 years I considered myself a salt over sweet kinda gal. However, I can no longer truthfully say that and Isgro's has for certain contributed to this change.
To make matters worse, Isgro's provides quite possibly over 30 different varieties of baked goods. I have tried maybe half of those. The prices seem a bit steep at first but you can easily fill a box of cannolis and cakes and another box of mixed cookies for around $20. The cannolis are great, not the best I've ever had but I come from a town known for its cannoli so that's only fair. The cookies are awesome and for someone who could normally care less about a simple butter cookie, I would give my right arm for one of the butter cookies topped with sprinkles. The chocolate cakes are rich and wonderful. The cream puffs are standard good (although eat them right away because they don't fare well over time). And the raspberry thumbprint cookies are seriously out of this world.
Writing this review is just making me want to head down to the Italian Market for another visit. If you're smart, I might see you there!This review is only for the chocolate and vanilla cannoli as well as the tiramisu cake.  Once again Yelp was on point with awesome reviews about this place.  I had the bf pick up tiramisu for a birthday and he indulged us with cannolis too.  The cannoli was light and airy.  It was not sweet and heavy like others i've had.  It was simple and perfect.  The shell was soft and melts in your mouth.  Some bakery use really hard and almost stale tasting shells.  The chocolate and vanilla filling was on point.  No guilt feeling over here afterwards.  The tiramisu was delicious.  I loved the ladyfingers surrounding the cake.  It help provide a perfect slice for everyone.  It was also light and airy.  I can't wait to pick up more delicious goodies from here.Tina is fantastic! Our daughter discussed her wedding cake design with her and the end result was awesome! Their store is truly a stable in
South Philly and believe -they are the best hands
Down! I will use their services for all my cake needs.. Thanks Tina for making our daughters special day memorable..What kind of lunatic could ever imagine a rating lower than five stars for Isgro?
You could complain about the small space, or the inevitable wait for your number to be called - but those are just adding to the anticipation, and frankly, giving you more time to make up your mind (or lose it trying to decide). This place churns out some of the sweetest, most attractive desserts I've ever encountered, from their creamy tiramisu to their cheesesteak-sized eclair to even their fruit tart. Everything tastes like it was made for the Godfather himself to eat.
Freakin love South Philly.The pastries here look like something out of a Parisian bakery. The display case presented a multitude of options, all of which looked delicious. I ended up with the fresh filled Ricotta Cheese Cannoli and the chocolate mousse Cannoli. I devoured them in a matter of seconds. The staff here has a bit of an attitude, but attitude does not matter when you have pastries that are as good as they offer.My wife picked up three cannolis and a piece of carrot cake. The shell was crispy and the filling was nice and light and smooth. In addition it was completely filled. The carrot cake had a traditional cream cheese icing along with coconut throughout. I enjoy both very much.This little hidden gem may be a bit out of the way but if you are in South Philly should definitely stop by for some dessert. I tried the creme brûlée which was just the perfect amount of sweetness and their case presentation is very effective. I usually prefer my creme brûlée with a vey hard layer of glazed sugar on top and this did not quite meet my standards but overall it was still pretty yummy. I want to try their peach desserts and cannolis next time :DHow do I love thee? Let me count the ways:
1. Best cookies I've ever had EVER (true story). The almond horns (my favorite, and all the best qualities of an almond were captured), the black and white (so soft and lemony), the ricotta (pillows of yummy), the almond cream (a fabulous sugared short bread), and the pasticcio (or something like that--with its almondy center and a layer of raspberry). I drool remembering these beloved cookies. They were a memory within the first five minutes of buying them, if you get my drift.
2. Normally I hate canolli---I LOVED these. How could you not love these? The shell --super crisp and thick. The kind of crunch one dreams of. The filling--perfection and amazingly flavorful. Not too dense and not too light---and FRESH, oh so fresh. They were made right before my eyes. 
3. The prices. Never ever would you find pastries/cookies of this quality in DC and not pay dearly for it. Two canolli and a bagful of cookies was $19. I wouldn't call it cheap, but I wouldn't call it expensive either. The canolli alone would cost much more.
4. The location. Talk about a cool neighborhood. We could have walked around for hours visiting all these food-selling shops. One butcher shop even boasted about his 60 kinds of sausage...really? We even bought a fig tree from him. This neighborhood is a destination, but DON'T TELL ANYONE!
5. The regulars. It is always a good sign when the shop owner seems to know all the regulars and the line of these regulars wraps around the store and out the door.Bought the marble bible cake. Dry and not good. Spent 190 on it. Ugh...I grew up on Isgro's italian rum cakes every year and always loved it!  But the last three times we have had it recently they do not taste the same at all, couldn't taste any rum at all and the cake was a little dry.   With the prices as high as they are it was very disappointing that it was not the same delicious cake.My happy place. Lets just say I live in the NE section of Philly and I will drive all the way down South Philly attempt to find a "legal" parking space just to have one of their chocolate covered strawberries. Love the lemon-cello cake its the best. If you haven't been here then you better stop by... So goodIt is SO SAD to see the progressive DECLINE in quality over the past 10 years, while prices at Isgro have SKYROCKETED! The size of their cannoli are literally HALF the size of what they used to be and are now more than double the cost.
Today I was in there and found out that the smallest Rum cake they now sell is $29.99. The same exact cake that used to cost $15.00. Instead I bought a few of the mini rum cake squares. I was horrified to discover when I got home that they were FROZEN SOLID in the middle. Alas, proof that their pastries are not even fresh. They're frozen for god knows how long. Very disappointing!
Also, they no longer sell NORMAL SIZED zeppoli. They only sell mini zeppoli, which you cannot buy one or two of, you HAVE TO buy 6. What?!? No thanks. Potitos sells MUCH BETTER and BIGGER zeppoli and cannoli for almost half the price. Isgro seems to be in the business of price gouging lately and it is very sad, especially for us long time south philly residents who remember how great they USED TO BE. So, so sad.Good pastries but extremely over priced and lady at the register is very rude, when I asked her for the prices of specific pastries she was acting like it I was bothering her. For 4 little pastries she charged me 24$ I think that way to much! Customer service and better prices are what this place needs.I was so excited to come here. I heard such good things about this place on Yelp but was very disappointed. I bought a variety of different cookies to try (4 small cookies to be exact) it cost me about $6 which was ridiculous. I tried the biscotti, it was so hard and over baked I had to throw it away because I couldn't bite into it and I feared cracking a tooth. I tried the ricotta cookie... unimpressed. Sadly, I don't think the quality of the cookies live up to the hype. If I crave a cannoli, I may return to give this place another chance.Best cannolis. Best zeppolis. Really good cookies and pizelles too.
And the service! The sweet ladies behind the counter will box every order, even if it's just a couple of cannolis. I have risked parking tickets to get my fix whenever I'm in town. 
Drive past Isgro's around Easter or Christmas and look at the line out the door and down the street.  There's a reason why the ratings are so high for this place, and they've been there for 100+ years.My husband and I went here on fri 6/9.  We bought several pastries. I would def get another fruit tart it was delicious.  I bought my husband one of the marscapone canollis which he didn't care for much.  I also got a cream horn.  The cream was very good but pasty was very chewy.  My oldest daughter got a small strawberry shortcake and she really enjoyed it.We were looking for a place to buy a specialty cake for my boyfriend's mom's bday. Yelped this place and decided to check it out. We went on a Saturday, a few people in there. We took a number and browsed the selection, and they have quite a selection! We looked at the cakes, they looked high end and gorgeous. My bf's mom was definitely going to love any of these cakes. As our number was called, we decided to go with the tiramisu cake, a cream puff and a cannoli. There weren't any prices on the bakes goods, so I was guessing that the tiramisu cake was going to be around $35-40. It was $25! So I felt like I was getting a good deal. 
The cream puff was on point with the right amount of sweetness. The cannoli was pretty good too. But the star was definitely the tiramisu cake...... good God. I've had tiramisu plenty of times before and I always felt disappointed because it always looked better than it tasted. Not in this case! So delicious, the cake part was so moist, I think it was soaked in some type of liquid/syrup or something. And the cookies that lined the outside were still nice and crispy.
Love this place, when I'm back in Philly, I definitely will come by again.um.  Do yourself a favor, go here, and get yourself some cannolis.
Yes, more than one, because this pastry of perfection has to be consumed in multiples.  Get all the flavors available, but start with the ricotta first and then thank me later.   
Sweet baby jesus, these are so damn good they'll make you convulse. Best cannolis in town (you heard it here), hands down!The pasties were so amazing! I wish they would open up a location closer to me! Wow the love that is put into thier delicious desserts shows! The marscapone cannolis were my favorite!"Not just cake, an Isgro!"
 When I overheard one of the guests at my mother's 90th birthday party say this, I smiled.  We all knew we were in for a treat! The Italian cream cake was extraordinary--as fresh and delicious as could be!  And beautiful, too.  A special thanks to Isgro...and bravo!You gotta be kidding me.  I don't love sweets.  I especially don't love cake.
I had the pleasure of sharing a birthday cake from Isgro with some good company last night.  I have no idea what type of cake it was.  I can only say that it was decadent, moist and sweet yet balanced. 
Wow.  Can't wait to go visit in person.The best ricotta cookies !!!!! They are delicious. The mascarpone cannoli and eclair are excellent. I am not a fan of cannolis but I love Isgro mascarpone . My only concerns are they don't wear gloves when they package your goodies and each time  I go they charge a different price.I went here to purchase birthday treats for my dude (which thankfully he let me share). 
While inside the shop, the employees took a while to acknowledge that I was even there...and served the more mature patrons well before me (maybe I should brush my hair before I go outside? Who knows). Maybe this was a good thing, because it allowed me extra time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the chocolate/peanut butter ganache, and the tiramisu. The ganache was seriously pee my pants good. Sugar overload! The tiramisu.....not my favorite. I hate to say that, because I had heard such great things about it. It just tasted a little bland to both of us. My conclusion is that I drink way too many coffee products.....so I was expecting more of a punch in flavor. 
I'll go there again though....and try something different. 
The prices were decent too. $9 for dessert that could have easily served 4.I could say before I tried Isgro's cannoli that while I enjoy a good cannoli, I wouldn't go out of my way to get one. Now I feel as if there is a gravitational pull towards that little bakery, and I have to fight with myself every day, every evening, and sometimes at 2am, to not run down there like my hair's on fire just to get a taste.
You might say, "That's a bit melodramatic for a cannoli, wouldn't you say?"
No. Melodramatic would be declaring through heartfelt sobs that there can be no other cannoli in the world that will satisfy my cannoli desire the way Isgro's cannoli can, and I declare my undying love and dedication... And that would quickly devolve into Awful Romance Territory which is just creepy.
Seriously, though. This is a good cannoli.OMG!! WE had actually went to have brunch at Sabrina's , 1/2 block away, then the aroma -made us follow, to this fabulous bakery, & the line was crazy, love, love their cannolis, heck, all kinds of flavors, & huge. Brought one for my mom, she & I love cannolis. 
Would definitely return -again. Just parking is little crazy around that area.THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST CANNOLIS!!!! I love stopping here and grabbing a few cannolis whenever I'm in the area. (I usually make a meal out of them.) I should start trying more of their food!I have always wondered why Isgro Pastries even has a sign out front.  Have a walk down Christian St...follow your nose to the sweet smell of deliciously baked Italian Pastries.  Seriously, who ever lives on the same street as Isgro is blessed.  The air is different around there, heavenly different, air filled with Italian baked goodies.  And normally when the aromatics are on point, the actual product is just as good. Go to Isgro Pastries for the best Cannoli, Italian cookies and cakes in Philadelphia.Admittedly I've been here once. 
We bought a variety of cakes and pastries and between the 4 of us tasted them all - and I'm out of my mind. Chocolate eclair - OMFG NOM. Chocolate ganache cake - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Brownie - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Almond delights - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Fruit tart - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Canolli - OMG GIVE IT TO ME NOM. Pumpkin spice cheesecake, I'm going out of my MIND it's made of butter, sugar and DELICIOUS. 
I'm deeply sad that this was all we bought and I NEED to go back right now. Apologies if the review is a little repetitious but seriously you have to try this place. Everything is beautiful. A tad pricey, well you would perhaps say yes but then you've never had anything this good, so if you want to pay half the price for half as good, find another bakery. Now, I'm pretty sure I have the diabeeetus *pass out*. (worth it).One word: Canoli.  Order the traditional with chocolate chips and fall in love. The filling was perfection and the shell was light and fresh with just the right amount of crispness so that it did not fall apart.  No wonder they've been around for 100 years, they have mastered the art of Canoli. Oh, yes, almost forgot to mention the pignoli cookies!!!  Buy 3 pounds, because they are so delicious that they will go fast once you bring them home to your family.Yummy pastries and nice employees. Must try their cannolis! They rock.Holy smokes I just paid over $5 for a canolli. Yes it was good, and I think it's great this is a family run business with history in the area.Great bakery and very popular. It's all good.....not a bad thing in there. We love the cookies especially. If you're looking for specialty pastries, this is the place to go.
I think that this place is better than Termini Brothers. Not as pompous and better variety.First off, the smell of the bakery lures you right in from the street. I had already eaten before and was quite full, but the smell of baked goods lured me right in the door. The place has so much charm, it's been open for over a century so that means something right of the bat. I had the tiramisu and ricotta cookies. I was a bit overwhelmed by the selection so I went with what looked nice. I do not think it is pricey as others stated. It's very charming and a true neighborhood joint, I recommend it for anyone visiting.This place is heaven for anyone with a sweet tooth. They have just about every baked good you can imagine and some you never have. I come here every time I'm in Philadelphia because my mom and my lady love it. Especially good around the holidays but fun (and most of all delicious) at any time.If you are at the Italian market and crossing Christian street, do yourself a favor and head west, past the dentists office with a unicorn in the window (seriously) and hit up Isgros.  Make sure you go in the second door (the first one looks like you can go in there but it is their bakery).  
Their cookies and biscotti are AWESOME, especially the ricotta cookies.  I tried a chocolate cannoli once, and is was a little runny, but I will try some other styles of cannolis in the future.  
Well in the time I wrote a review for Isgro Pastries it made me want a ricotta cookie so bad, I am going to have to go there this weekend.Can you say food coma? They gave a sweet tooth to a gal who would always choose a burger over a cupcake- but oh boy, isgro has me spinning a different direction.
This place has a real family feel. The interior is small, but has a lot of classic options. When we got there it was empty around 1PM, but 3 minutes into ordering the line was out the door- I guess we just got lucky! The Cannoli is to die for, but don't get the chocolate because it is a chocolate custard not a chocolate Cannoli filling. The apple dumplings stole my heart, they had a delicious portion of apples inside the dumpling- the dough to fruit ratio is perfect. My friends absolutely loved the tiramusa which was packaged with a cute little spoon.
This was great, would come again :)Holy Italian Creme Cake! The absolute best I've ever tasted! Not too sweet, not too light.. freakin' perfect! A friend of mine had one for her birthday the other day and informed me of this little slice of heaven... and it so happened it was my mom's birthday as well as a coworker's.. so I had my girlfriend run over and grab one. Seriously... I could die after eating that cake! She also grabbed two St. Joseph's cakes since it was in fact, St. Joseph's Day.. and a strawberry cheesecake thing (which we haven't tried yet).. oh yes...
I'm excited to try other pastries from these wonderful men and women!I've only had red velvet cheesecake from this place, but it's absolutely superb! Love it!I'm not a cannoli lover but my family says their all time favorite is here!  Be ready to fork out the cash though.  Dropped $150.00 on cannolis and cookies.   When we go to visit my wife's family this is a must.I get my Marscapone canolis from Isgros. Its way better than the  traditional ricotta style. I never likes the milkiness of ricotta except in my lasagna. So they use Marscapone which has a creamier consistency. Its also not too sweet . The shell stands up and doesn't break apart like others. There are 2 major Bakeries known for there canolis: Isgros and Termini's. I am an Isgro fan. 
Their Coconut macaroons are also very good.Just stopped in and had the Chocolate Mouse Cannoli.  Decent pastry, but way overpriced at $5.25. Get the feeling there's a locals price and everyone else's pricing system going on here. I would give this a pass, and look elsewhere.I need to stop walking/biking/driving anywhere near this place, I can't stop myself from being lured into this sticky sweet classic shop. 
The butter cookies? My vice, show up with those to my house with those and I'll feed your cat and change the litter every time you're out of town.Grew up in Philly, now live in NYC. Both cities have wonderful Italian restaurants and pasticcerie. 
However, while NYC might have the fantastic (although slowly declining)  Veniero's, Philly is home to the one and only Isgro's, by far the best Italian pasticceria in US. 
The cannolis, the torrone, the sfogliatella - all are absolute perfection. Stop into any Italian household in Philly on Christmas, St Joseph's Day,  Easter, and you will find these pastries set out on the table, the empty Isgro's boxes proudly displayed on the kitchen counter.
Be aware if you want to get something right before for the holidays, you'll be standing in line for awhile. People start lining up at the break of dawn to put their orders in. But it's so so so worth it.Isgro's is everything you want in an Italian bakery. Right down to the boxes tied with string. The individual tiramisu are fabulous. I can't wait to go back and try more.Isgro's is like a museum of pastry.  Go there just to gawk at the glass case of beautiful sugary creations... and I double dawg dare you not to buy anything.
I'm allergic to dairy and am mostly vegan, so I would never, ever try a bite of one of the cannolis my boyfriend gets from Isgro's.  But, hypothetically, if I were to sneak just a little taste, I might be able to tell you that they are like little creamy clouds of rich deliciousness.This is without question the best bakery in the northeast, of the United States! I have no doubt that the cannolis are the best and may be the top 2 ever between the mascarpone cheese and traditional. The cookies are stellar and the cakes are Devine. There is one catch, they know they are he best so expect a line and not so efficient workers at the counter, although there was one employee that was hustling when I visited. Another intangible was that the family tradition is all around you there, including the next generation of bakers, as he was telling us his favorite pastries, hence the mascarpone cannoli. Go! No chance of being disappointed. I've even convinced my in laws from New York, who know good bakeries agree with me.We got our wedding cake from Isgro's. Tina was fantastic with helping us order and taste the cake options. The cake was beautiful and so so delicious.  When it comes to great cake and awesome service, nobody does it better.By far my favorite dessert is cannolis, but they are very easy to get wrong judging by what most restaurants and cafes serve. Many places fill them all in advance so the cookie gets soggy, or over-sweeten the filling so that it tastes overwhelming. Isgro is one of the few that does it right-if memory serves you can get them filled with your choice (mascarpone, ricotta or ricotta with chocolate chips) right there (they do have pre-filled ones as well, or maybe I just got lucky with the fresh filling?) Di Brunos is my favorite though still, even though they have fewer options.The real deal.  Great cookies at South Philly prices. You can't go wrong.  Also great bakery acroos the street for bread and sheet pizza.Isgro is amazing. I lived in Philly for a year and would always take my out-of-town friends to Isgro. If you have a sweet tooth, if you have a craving, if you want the best cannoli in town, go to Isgro. They have a great selection, fairly fast service, and are amazing for catering.Without a doubt the best pastries, cakes, cookies and cannoli in the city.  Service is great and the people are awesome. We wanted cannoli for a  dinner party and  we arrived late after closing because of traffic. They opened up and filled our order. I love these people.Isgro's, remember me? I lived a block away from you before I moved away from Philadelphia. I miss you. You are so incredible.I heart their ricotta and chocolate covered cannoli, they also make a good version of one of my favorite italian cookies pignolis, which are almond cookies coated with roasted pinenuts.  They also have these beautiful specialty cakes such as the "peaches and cream", tiramisu, creme brulee, and strawberry ricotta cheesecake.  Really good quality pastries, only wish the prices were more reasonable.When it comes to Isgro's.  It's so good.  I can barely form a complete sentence.  What a cannoli.  You will not be disappointed.  Rich but not too heavy. Everything. Just eat everything.As Steven C. so eloquently put it, sometimes long time businesses become complacent and customer service is not in the business model.  I have been ordering cakes from them for corporate functions for years.  It's always a big order, so they're being compensated well.  Last week I ordered three sheet cakes and one 8" round.  In placing my order I enunciated very clearly what the wording should say.  I even spelled a couple words.  When the cakes arrived, they looked like a six year old did the writing.  Even worst, the wording was completely off from what it was suppose to be.  It didn't even make sense.  I called and asked the manager how could no one realize the wording didn't form a plausible sentence.  She agreed, but had no excuse for it.  It's unfortunate that we will not be ordering from them again because they baked goods are yummy.Isgro's did my wedding cake and o.m.g.....it was absolutely amazing!!!!! The design of it was perfect and just what I wanted. The cake itself, just incredible. Their 'basic' option i guess you would call it for a wedding cake is a pound cake-plain, raspberry marble, lemon marble, chocolate, marble, or chocolate chip. We tasted all of them and it was a little hard to decide because they were so good! We went with plain, raspberry marble and chocolate marble. The top of our cake was the raspberry and we both cannot wait for our anniversary to eat it! We've already decided that if it doesn't hold up in the freezer for some reason we're going to go back and buy the same cake, lol!I used to live at 15th and Catharine and sometimes would walk to the Italian Market's Spice Corner to procure loose teas. Consequently, I'd walk past Isgro. I swear they pump the delicious bakery smells into the street to entice you into coming inside. One day I couldn't resist. I went inside, and it was glorious.
There were cookies, tortes, éclairs, and little cakes as far as I could see. There were also MANY people. I ended up leaving with cannolis and carrot cake, two of my favs. After I ate my purchases I realized why the place was so full. It's definitely work a look!I was craving cannolis and ended up making a 30 minute trek on foot just to try Isgros. It was definitely worth it! The woman ahead of me bought out all the regular cannolis, but I still managed to snag a couple ricotta ones which were delicious! I also had an eclair which was okay. Not amazing, but fine. I will definitely be back to try some of the mascarpone cannoli and their other treats!We stopped in for some yum yum after dinner. The ladies working here were friendly and helpful. We got a cannolo, a mini ricotta cheesecake and a lobster tail. Everything tasted fresh & delicious. The shop is cute and they have all their yumminess on display to tempt you. I do wish that they would offer cannolini for those days that I just need a little bitty something sweet. Plus, let's face it. There is no ladylike way to eat a cannolo. :) I always end up looking like a kid eating and Ice Cream cone. Ricotta all over my face. But then again, that's not such a bad thing. Is it? 
I do need to go back & try those lovely cookies!The best cannoli I have had in Phila. My boyfriend and I tried Isgro and Termini on one day to compare side by side and Isgro definitely wins. :) They are expensive but totally worth it - cheesy, sweet, crunchy shell.Great spot, very friendly staff and delicious pastries. Can be very busy at times and later you go the less options you have.I literally smelled this place from across the street and decided to stop by before realizing that it was such a popular place. Little did I know that Isgro would have my favorite desserts: cannolis! 
Since that first visit, I've always stopped by when in the area just to grab a cannoli or another pastry. Sometimes they're a little crowded, but the line moves very fast. Although I've tried some of their other sweets, my favorite is still the cannoli. It's a perfect balance of crispy, flaky, sweet, ricotta goodness -- basically everything I'd ever want in a cannoli. If you're not into the texture of ricotta, they also have chocolate mousse and mascarpone cannolis as options. Some of my friends prefer those over the traditional cannoli. 
Overall, Isgro Pastries is an awesome place to get cannolis. They accept credit card even if you're only buying one small thing (which I often do).Delish opus to italian bakeries. Cookies were italian delights.the store phone rings and the lady behind the counter picks up.  "uh huh.. yes maam.. yup.. daily."  she smiles wryly and hangs up.  then, a look of resentment fills this lady's face.  she proceeds to sarcastically address me and everyone else in line, "no, we bake fresh weekly.  of course we bake fresh daily!  you think we've been in business for 100 years because we bake weekly?!"  
and that pretty much sums it up.  that's philly and isgro for you in a nutshell.  gotta love it.  
the cannolis are legit.  i could definitely put away a half dozen of them in one sitting.    go for the classic ricotta with chocolate chips.  the crispy shell dusted in powdered sugar with rich creamy filling is a perfect balance of textures and flavors.  nostalgically, im still partial to vaccaro's cannolis from little italy in baltimore, but isgro's age old family recipe gets an a-plus (and evidently has kept them in business for over 100 years).While at 9th and Christian, my nose detected the delightful aroma of fresh baked cookies mingling with sweet and moist cakes. Being the fat kid that I am, I made it my mission to find the source. This is an ode to the delicious smell wafting out of Isgro's.
I spotted Isgro's when I reached 10th and Christian and I accelerated my pace. No time to dilly dally and waste when there is a bakery involved. 
The wedding dress and cake in the window furthered my resolve and desire to make the delicious smell turn into a delicious taste in my mouth.
Though the line was long, it did not matter. I listened to the banter between fellow Italian-Americans (well... close enough. My boyfriend is Italian). The smell and the family setting satiated my desire until I reached the front of the line and ordered my delicious pastry. 
Walking out, I could not restrain myself. I placed a morsel in my mouth.
I died and went to heaven. Oh the perfect death....I can only comment on the canoli's as I ordered a few dozen for a party. They tasted great. However my only complaint were that the shells were really soft. I am not sure if they were sitting for a while or what but they were way too soft. The filling was tasty and everyone seemed to enjoy them at the party I brought them to (and I am from a right off the boat traditional italian family)
The other selection was pretty good when I walked in. Again I only ordered canoli's but their dessert case was full of different items. I definetely would like to go back and check out the other items they have to offer.Rivals Termini Bros for the best cannoli in Philadelphia. A "do-not-miss" bakery spot! So delicious.The Italian butter cookies are the best in the city! Always a good idea to bring to a party ! So good keep up the excellent work!3.5 stars
Prices aren't really posted anywhere :/ A little shocked that a box of under 10 pastries could cost $30 but it did. And since it was my first time on the east coast, at an Italian bakery thats been around for many years, I thought, why not just pay for it and not be so irritated by the price.
Got three cannolis (mascarpone filling), 1 lobster tail, a pastry I can't remember the name of, the peach cake pastry, and a napoleon. 
 The napoleon was probably the best of the bunch. There was a strawberry or raspberry jam underneath the cream, which was a nice surprise. It wasn't tough and the pastry was still crisp after a 6 hours from leaving the bakery. 
Felt cannolis were a bit too greasy. The lobster tail pastry was a bit tough, not sure if its supposed to be but it was difficult to chew the pastry.
The peach cake dessert tasted like a gummy peach o and came with a chocolate peach twig. It was good but that napoleon was better.
Like everyone else says, you can smell the bakery before you even see it or enter the bakery! It smells like a nice sweet frosting that I wouldn't mind smelling everyday.Amazing........ Never had such a good cannoli.
Everything els they had was really good. The chocolate chocolate mouse cake for one person was damn amazing too. Honestly any pastry out of here is just amazing. Planning to go back soon..... Many times over.Isgro is my favorite bakery. Their cannolis, sfogliatelle and cookies are all top notch and authentic italian. Their non-italian stuff is great too. they make the best tart i've ever had, and their Easter bread is amazing. 
It's worth walking around in the neighborhood just for the smell wafting through the streets.I came here on a Saturday afternoon and was greeted with both locals and tourists in line for Isgro's sugary treats.  The wait wasn't long, but I did notice lots of people ordering cookies by the pound which looked amazing too.  However, I decided to go with a $3 cannoli and it was bliss! Great place with very cheerful people behind the counter.They are great. And if Isgros is reading, yes...someone visiting from CA went all the way there to pick me up some of your fantastic and unique ricotta cookies. Go early and know there may be a line out the door; they can close early because people will buy it all.My favorite cake has always been Italian cake (sometimes made with rum and called Italian rum cake)--layers of yellow cake separated by custard between the bottom layers and chocolate cream between the top layers, smothered in a whipped cream icing and garnished with nuts or sprinkles around the sides. I would only attempt to get this in the neighborhood in NY where my family is from, but upon visiting Isgro's, I've learned I can get a very good version here in Phila. Here's the best part: you can get it in an individual service, kind of like a giant pastry, for only $5! You should totally come here and get one. 
In addition to the Italian cake, Isgro's does a great cannoli. I've had both the mascarpone and the chocolate ones (chocolate cream dipped in chocolate to make a shell around it). If you can only get one cannoli, get the mascarpone. The tiramasu is also excellent. 
The people working here are very efficient and will sometimes, if you waffle, give you a look that says "Do I look like I have time for jibba jabba?" (Pro Tip: they do not.). That seems necessary to move the long lines along, though. We walked in and it wasn't too crowded and by the time we were leaving, there was a line out the door. 
This is one of the best Italian bake shops I've found in the area.This shop was small but it was awesome! You walk in and are hit by the smell of the bakery. We got the cannoli filled with cream and chocolate chips. They have been in business since 1904. Best cannoli I have ever had. Everyone should try.I have to be honest--I've never actually set foot in Isgro. The place perfumes my entire neighborhood with the sweet smell of pizelles and cannoli, and I know that stepping inside would destroy any semblance of willpower that I have. Luckily for me, my girlfriend makes regular weekend visits there and brings me the most delicious pastries--apple and cherry danishes, sticky buns, bear claws and more. Yum!Amazing cannoli that you can order through an app to your door?! Such a good last minute pickup before a football game, I must say. Standard pricing, freshly filled, but I do add my own chocolate sauce at home as cannoli are a little dry in general.Born and raised in South Philly, I can tell you first-hand that ISGRO IS ***THE*** BAKERY!!!!  No other place I've been to throughout my entire life (in AND out of south philly) comes close to Isgro.  Not only do they have the ABSOLUTE BEST italian pastries EVER, but they also hold so much sentimental value to me as well.  Isgro pastries were an integral part of my family for years.  Birthdays, Christmas, Easter, Mother's Day, New Years, and every holiday and normal day in between were always accompanied by the famous white Isgro pastry boxes tied with the little string, just full of deliciousness.  Their cannolis are TO DIE FOR and so is their italian rum cake.  Termini's tries to imitate it, but they don't even come close!  
You will not be disappointed no matter what you buy from Isgro.  It is all top-notch and the best of quality.  Some things are a bit pricey, but hey as the old saying goes:  "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR."  It also helps keep it classy too, in my opinion.  :)One of the best places in Philly for cakes. I love their Tiramisu cake!! Very authentic and has a ton of flavor. People are nice and friendly as well.After my search for the best South Philly cannoli, it ends here.  Yes here.  They have the best cannolis and cakes.  Check it out and pick up some other tasty treats while you're there!I went to a high school that was right by Isgros. Whenever I'm in the area, I can't help but be lured by the smell of baked goods. I usually come here during fall and wintertimes, only because it's when my cravings for cookies and dessert suddenly skyrockets. This place is good, but not my favorite. The staff are very helpful and sweet. I like their Napoleon and assorted cookies (my favorite are the butter cookies and almon macaroon cookies).One of my favorite sweet store. there are different kinds of canolies, chocolate, regular and chocolate chips. Very delicious! But the price is a little bit higher than other store. cream bullet is good too.My family has gone to Termini Brothers the past 10 plus years, but we read great reviews about this place and decided to give it a try. The regular canoli is delicious and has chocolate chips in it. The creme brulee is perfection.  My 13 year old brother said the red velvet cake was amazing. Nice people in there too. We went on a Sunday around 11:30 and it was PACKED. We will be going here from now on.No good !! I had a Mascarpone cannoli , the filling reminded me of a cheap non-dairy whipped topping . My wife thought the baba rhum was soaked in a cheap corn syrup.Classic Italian bakery, with everything you would expect.  A must stop when I'm in the area.I went for cannoli, and it was just OK. What was great was the caramel apple! I got their last one for the day, and it was THE BEST caramel apple I've ever had. The caramel wasn't chewy and sticky but soft and similar to a caramel fudge coating. The apple was crisp and fresh. I wish I could have another right now.I cannot believe I lived in philly over a year and never had any of these delightful treats!! It's game on though now....I'm a bit addictedClassic South Philly Italian bakery. Great St. Joseph's cakes, chocolate peanut butter mousse, cannolis...just great variety. Good prices and friendly staff, too. I'm not a big fan of their cookies; but that's just my taste.I often hear this about great institutions. The staff became complacent.  Service was less than stellar.  Why?  All of it is due to resting upon one's laurels.  The business believes that no matter what they do, nobody will care because their past will forgive any future trespasses.  
My wife and I were in South Philly so that we could dine at Ralph's.  While we were walking from our parking spot, we passed Isgro's and I was familiar with its reputation for cakes, cookies and other treats. My wife suggested that we stop in after our early dinner, and visit we did. 
While in the small shop, one must navigate through the customers in order to view all that is on display.  While I was asked if I needed assistance, an elderly woman with whom i was working, became annoyed that my wife was with me, but looking at the other end of the store.  As the elderly woman helped me, there was a friendlier, younger staff who happily asked if they could be of any assistance to the elderly woman.  Again, the aforementioned woman became annoyed.
Since this was my only experience in the bakery, I was left to wonder if this was the normal, awkward way, that business is normally done.  Maybe she was tired.  Maybe she was having a bad day.  I just wish that our one and only experience could have been a bit friendlier.  Who knows what goes on in the lives of others? I care about that. Nevertheless, you don't know what could be going on in the lives of customers either. By the way, the customer is why Isgro's has been in business for so long, so don't rest on your laurels, or it will catch up to you.Eveyting were good but price is high! The sweetness level could be reduced....
Key lime tart at $7.99 should have been $5.99.
Donuts and other stuff looks greatSoooo many choices but my favorite is the cannoli, the best I've ever had. It's a small shop and get crowded. Not sure you can go wrong with whatever you choose.Okay, I hate to be a dessert snob, but I think this place was okay. I'm giving it four stars just for being a pastry shop, which I whole-heartedly appreciate, because there aren't many left. But the things I had weren't amazing, they were just, kind of good.
At the store itself, I had a chocolate cannoli. Maybe it's because I think cannolis are kind of an average dessert option, but I was kind of meh about it. Maybe I should have had a mascarapone one instead, but I wasn't really feeling the cannoli.
We decided to buy two pastries to bring home, some sort of lemon cake (I think it's called a limoncetti or something? unsure), and a piece of Tiramisu, which is something I can't resist. The lemon cake was okay, but I have definitely had better lemon pastries before. It was a little dry. The Tiramisu was very good - light, fluffy, with some cream - but I'm a tiramisu snob, so it wasn't THE BEST EVER.
I think most people like this place, and I'm just being a dessert snob. Thus, I would recommend it.I had been meaning to visit a real Italian bakery, and had the opportunity during the Italian Market Festival. I want everyone to know that it was here that I had the best chocolate chip cannoli of my entire life.
Planning on moving close to here...watch out! This could get serious.Sfogliatelle. Zuccarini. Rum Cake. Pignoli. Canoli. Neopolitan. Almond Horn. It's a pasticceria folks - they do what they do and they do it right.
Always friendly. Always delicious. Always takes me back. 
I really don't get the low reviews based on the price (which is easily commensurate with the quality, and really, should you be eating from here daily anyway?), the parking (first time driving into South Philly from the mainline?) or having to wait in line on a Sunday morning or Easter or freaking Christmas Eve. Did you think you were the only one who had that idea?I was happily surprised that this lovely shop lives up to it's reputation. More often than not establishments that have a long history and exist in an area that attracts tourists (I am talking to you Little Italy NYC) serve a mediocre product. Not so with Isgro. The pastries were fresh and delicious. Being there definitely took me back to my childhood.This is my go to place for Tiramisu and chocolate mousse cake.
My nephew also really likes the carrot cake here, I can't say for myself because he never shared it with me!
I have ordered from here numerous times, and have discovered that the smaller size cakes taste better than the larger ones.  It's as though the smaller cakes are made with more care, it's less dry and etc.
Gets crazzzy around the holidays so prepared to wait even to just pick up an order.  Hopefully some of the younger girls will be there when you stopby, those older ladies are lovely but super slow.This review is limited to Isgro's wedding cakes.  I ordered a wedding cake from here for my wedding and was overall disappointed.  Our wedding venue offered three different places to order our wedding cake from - and we chose Isgro's based on recommendations saying it would be delicious.
The Look:  Granted, we knew that our cake would not be the most elegant coming from Isgro's - but we were sorely disappointed even on top of our diminished expectation.  We paid extra to have sugar orchids cascading on our layers.  The consultant, nice older lady, said the sugar flowers would be tastefully colored on the tips of the petals - unfortunately we received a "traffic light" cake.  Our colors were red and yellow and the flowers were not tastefully colored.  The flowers were garishly colored in the middle and not tastefully brushed just on the tips.  The brightly colored green leaves added to the effect to create an ugly "traffic light" effect.  We were told we would have our red ribbon placed around the base of each of our layers, but our cake showed up with no ribbon and white pearls instead.  What is the point of coming to a consultation, explaining what you want your cake to look like, and paying additionally money to ensure a beautiful cake - when you are given a "traffic light" cake.
The Taste:  Their claim to fame is their moist pound cake.  During the tasting as well as the cake that was deliver for the wedding - we found the cake good but nothing special.  I would expect an equivalent deliciousness from pound cake bought at the grocery store.  The icing again, is good but nothing special.
The Overall Impression:  If you have any care or specification of what you want your wedding cake to look like (as you should), I would not get the cake from here.  The cake is not delicious enough to make up for its terrible styling.  It is a real disappointment because you will always remember your wedding cake.  Don't let this memory be a nightmare.I love their cannoli (insert joke here: "take the cannoli" from the godfather, x-rated, etc.). The sfogliatelle were good too. I never liked cannoli before I tried this place, but I am now a convert. I want to try Termini Brothers some day, too.I bought 3 different kinds of birthday cake here, and my favorite one is tirumisu favor. But for cannoli here is not that good like my friend said.YUM!  Note this is one block off of the 9th Street Italian Market.  Everything I tried was incredible.  But the St Joseph cake was the best.  Sweet, moist, creamy, delicious! The ricotta cookies were also very moist and melt in your mouth.  Worth the calories for sure!
Also tried the ricotta cannoli (very good but not my favorite) and the Rum cake.  The rum cake was delicious, very strong rum flavor which I enjoyed.  Less sweet but similar to the St Joseph's cake.Ricotta cannoli. I'm still dreaming about it. I brought some to a family dinner and my brother took one bite and said "that's what a cannoli's supposed to taste like." Stop in for some pastries, you won't be disappointed.Best cannoli I've ever had! Not that I'm an expert, but I have had cannolis from Maria's in Boston and Veniero's in NYC. I love that they fill your shell to order (pre-filled shells are criminal). The filling was creamy, and had the right amount of addictive sweetness. The various cookies are also great (ricotta, italian raspberry, walnut butter, and almond macaroon), although I thought the almond macaroon was too sweet. Additionally, the patrons here were fascinating, Italian ladies-who-lunch and other neighborhood guys.Sin duda y después de muchas pruebas este lugar tiene los mejores canolis , eso recibiría 5 estrellas ,el lugar apesar de ser pequeño es tan encantador ,siempre con una decoración para cada estación o festejo .
Si le doy 4 estrellas es porque me han tocado probar pays con la fruta de ya tiempo y la crema pasada .
Pero sin duda tiene mas para deleitar .Skipping over Monsu - a full meal for a later post - and moving on to a later snack before dinner at Le Virtu as I wandered up and down the Italian Market collecting odds n' ends from various shops I finally took the opportunity to visit the Philadelphia institution that is Isgro - according to some (including themselves http://www.bestcannoli.com/) the best cannoli in the city, and perhaps the United States - and I have to say that entering Gus Isgro's hundred year old institution the space definitely carries a lot of weight.
Small and tight, particularly given the platoons of patrons perusing the various cakes, cookies, pastries, and tarts, service at Isgro is slow but efficient as each guest is tended to in order and greeted by a young woman no older than eighteen I placed my order quickly, paid in cash, and watched as my cannoli was filled, wrapped, and placed in a box tied with string...a string that would be dismantled less than thirty seconds later when I sat down on the curb outside to enjoy.
Beginning first with the signature ricotta Cannoli, clearly the litmus test of a place touting the best in the city, I'd be hard pressed to disagree with their assessment as the shell was perfectly crisp and shattered to the tooth giving way to a subtly sweet filling both dense and creamy but not in any way sticky or overwhelming.  Dusted lightly with powdered sugar it would be hard for me to choose between Isgro and Modern Pastry of Boston as 'best ever,' though both top Termini Brothers without doubt.
Moving next to my other options, the first a bit of a letdown and the second amongst the best baked goods I would eat in 2012, my selection of a Rhum Baba and a Sfogliatella should come as no surprise.  Beginning first with the Baba, a cream filled version of the European classic, it really wasn't that the texture or the quality was off, but rather that the cream was too sweet while the punchiness of the rum was lost in the cream and sugar, not a 'bad' thing for some but certainly not what I had expected.  Moving next to the Sfogliatella, a yellow cream version with a shell so crisp it was almost intimidating to bite, well...let's just say I bit and what followed was a puff of powdered sugar and sweetness followed by a luxurious blend of creamy notes from semolina laced mascarpone rife with hints of citrus and cinnamon, without a doubt the best version of the pastry I've experienced to date and by itself a reason to return to Isgro on my next visit to Philadelphia (or an excuse, at least, to go back and try a dozen more of their time tested treats.)I'm in love with their Cannoli's! It's certainly the best in philly and def. met my expectations. Their tiramisu cake  and assorted cookies were delicious as well. The staff were very welcoming and helpful.This is the real deal and like no other! The exceptionally fresh and delicious confections and concoctions are made with great love and pride! One bite and it will be your legacy-eating these tantalizing pastries!  
There is a great history to this place and even the Pope has partaken of these amazing goodies!!
If you live in Philadelphia or if you are visiting bee-line here for the best pastries you will ever eat!!!! South Philly's Finest!!WARNING! yum,yum,yum. I think they have the BEST cannoli's...Also the yummy Italian cookies,especially the Ricotta and other pastries like Cream Puffs, could put anyone in a Diabetic coma. So, please be aware of all the yummy treats and if you are Diabetic I have warned you. There are no sugar-free items in bakery :( Everything in moderation.....MMmmmmmm! I dream of their cannolis and lobster tails! 
Came here first with my running group .. haha yep! We ran to eat south philly pretzels & cannolis! Great way to not feel so guilty ... which I really never do ... 
Anyways, their cream is just so wonderfully perfect. It isn't too sweet or creamy/greasy where you feel like you are going to be sick halfway through the confection. Their pignolis, a pine nut pastry, are also a great fix. Crumbly, sweet little goodies to tide you over in the afternoon.
I've come back here on several occasions and I always leave with a goofy smile on my face. Enjoy with a nice cup of coffee or espresso!Our family have been patrons of Isgro's since we moved to Philadelphia 18 years ago.  Fantastic, old school, take-a-number, long lines at holidays, all worth it.  I think their Tiramisu cake tops my list. It's like eating sweetness as light as air, delicate lady fingers, pieces of dark chocolate, pastry cream, soaked cake, and icing that is close to whipped cream.  The whole thing has a balanced sweetness to it that makes you want for one more piece.... Other Isgro's treasures:  Best Pizelles in Philly, Rich and creamy carrot cake, party cookies galore in all the best Italian ways - butter cookies,lemon ricotta (to die for), miniature desserts.  How could I forget?  The gold standard for cannoli's! Like cheesesteaks, there is a lingo, with or without means chocolate chips, powder sugar or none - unless you are eating right away, wait on the powdered sugar until you get home.  It affects the texture of the cannoli shell.  Holidays all hold their own specialties - Marzipan lambs, seasonal treats, everything you need for Christmas celebrations.  We don't go into Philly without stopping there - great memories and an awesome place for children to grow up with!Yay i am a fan of their sweets! Lots of varieties!! One thing that bothers me that the fact they dont use gloves or any sheets like other bakery stores I've been to, instead of using their own bare hands. Since i work as medical professional I am always self-conscious about hand hygiene where my hands had been and such. So in this case, I am always wondering if they always clean their hands after receiving money from the previous costumer before they serve me?This place makes me so happy! It smells like my aunts Mary's house whenever she baked pizzelles! I stop in here whenever I need to bring something special to someone's house. My favorites are the chocolate cannoli's,Italian butter cookies and peaches. Check it out you won't be disappointed!I am a native Pennsylvanian, but had never been to Isgro.  When I stopped in to use the bathroom at the visitor center on south 9ths street, the worker there recommended the cannoli at Isgro.  She was right!   The ricotta and the mascarpone are fantastic!  The mascarpone is orgasmic!You have never experienced a true cannoli experience until you've had Isgro's cannolis. My wife, who typically avoids the desert at all costs, absolutely loves their mascarpone version. 
The staff is incredibly friendly and they pride for their products- as they should! 
If you're new to the city or a native, I highly advise you check this pastry shop out. You will not regret it!I had never been to Isgro, but was almost deciding to just pass on this bakery...my future mother-in-law (who lives out of town) requested that I purchase cannolis from Isgro for Christmas (2015). Thinking ahead,  I decided to give a call to get some info (hours, cost, etc.) so that I was prepared for what I expect to be an adventure. I called the week of Christmas and spoke to a woman who was very unpleasant and somewhat rude. I was anticipating purchasing 3-4 dozen and I asked if that was possible if I were to show up on Christmas Eve. Long story short, the woman's response was just really unnecessary. She proceeded to tell me that "this is not their first rodeo" and "they know what they're doing because they've been through the holidays for quite some time." I merely asked the question to see if it was possible to purchase such an amount, not knowing if there was a limit on what one can purchase. Ok, granted the time of year is chaotic, but what kind of customer service was that?Wow the cookies and pastries here are delicious!  Very nice old-fashioned place, pleasant people working there, and truly amazing sweets!It kills me to write this as I have been a fan of Isgro for a long time......I went this past weekend at around 9 am to find the cases near empty. I really didn't know what to think at this point. 
So I ordered some cannoli, Sfogliatelle and cream puffs. 
When I got home I was disappointed that the  Sfogliatelle  were as dry as cotton and they were over cooked. 
The cannoli shell were also near burned, a deep brown color to them. and finally the cream puffs were pretty good. 
None of them had any powered sugar on as they had in the past. 
Still don't believe I am writing this negative review as I loved this place.I'd not been to Philly previously, and was in town for a football game and to visit a friend.  We were in the neighborhood for brunch, and made our way thru the shops.  The sprinkle cookies were amazing and cannoli a slice of heaven...Isgro's was a dream come true when we walked in! First bakery and I found Isgro on yelp---yelp has not let me down yet. *yay* So we walk in and our eyes and hearts are going crazy.......1 tiramisu, 2 cannoli, 1 strawberry cheesecake, and 1 napolean--yes- we actually got all of that...i just ate the cannoli- i said GOT DAMN! yum..........Ordered a birthday cake for my boyfriend the day before his birthday, I know I know, BUT I was told the cake would be ready the next day (rush order!) at 8 am.  Picked this cake up bright and early at 8 am.  The best birthday cake ever as well as customer service!  Again, a pleased customer that will be returning!!!This place is on the money.  I had a hard time finding worthwhile desserts when I first moved to Philadelphia - but no longer!  It's nice to know I can run out any time to get a delicious berry tart to remedy my sweet-tooth issues.Really good cookies, I was impressed! I had a mix of different cookies. The ricotta cookie was good, the jam-filled cookies were probably my favorite, and the various jelly cookies in general were really good.Very pumped about the delish treats I've gotten from Isgro's! Even with a 30 minute wait during the holidays do yourself a favor and pick up something special from the pastry display. The lemonciello cakes are amazing. Chocolate covered strawberries. Peace Alla Creme! Get here now !If you're Italian and live in Philly there is no excuse for not frequenting Isgro's. if you're not Italian and don't live in Philly you should stop by too.
You can smell this little pastry shop from down the block. And on holidays you can see the line at 7 am from down the block. This is a very small establishment, so if you're going during colder months on a busy day, prepared to wait outside.
Take a number and plan your order perfectly. Get some pignoli's, cannolis, torrone and almond horns. 
My favorites are the raspberry-filled cookies. Get a box and make a dentist appointment today.Holy (Isgro's) Cannoli!! The beautiful chocolate mousse cannoli, the mascarpone eclair and the Pesche Con Crema. From the most famous and wonderful italian bakery in Philadelphia, the place is pure heaven. Isgro's makes the best cannoli I have ever had. This was my first time trying the Peach with cream dessert; all I can say is WOW. The texture contrast is amazing, soft sponge cake,  creamy peachy filling, crunch of sugar on the outside. Isgro pastries is a MUST when visiting Philadelphia!First time in last week.
Ricotta Cannoli was amazing.  Pignoli was delicious if you like the chewy style.  
I never had a rum baba before... It was a bit much for me but the ricotta filling was very good.4.5 stars and rounding up because there's something for everyone due to the variety of goodies they make.
I can say their tarts are delicious- 5 stars for sure. The ricotta cheesecake is good, not fantastic. I'm a cheesecake snob and not a fan of the ricotta type, but if you are I think you'll love it.
My friends who loves cannolis picked up a couple and loved them.I started going to Isgro's as a crime of convenience--I live a few blocks away and would jog by and smell the deliciousness every morning.  It's a little pricey, but if you want consistent quality, it's worth it.  I particularly love the ricotta cookies, the cannoli (duh) and the cheese pockets (that plus a cup of good coffee is my favorite indulgent breakfast.)  Like others have mentioned, sometimes service is slow (I ordered cakes a few weeks ago that weren't ready on time--not their finest moment) but I can't fault their product.This is the real deal in authentic Italian baked goods.  No matter what you try the freshness, texture and taste are from high quality ingredients.  The cannoli is worth the trip.  The cream fillings are light, smooth and fresh.  Not the thick, pasty stuff others try to pass off.  It's a tiny shop in this shared residential/business district right near the Italian Market Place shops and eateries. Parking is challenging but worth fighting for.  Bring a cooler if you want to store your goodies should you want to visit the other shops nearby.While roaming the Italian Market in pre-Christmas weeks, we remembered about getting amazing pastries and cannolies from a quaint pastry shop near a large church.  A bit of memory jogging and walking around, and we found the destination.
But is looks like our memory became a bit rosier than the reality over the years: the service was stand-offish: the "miss" who was helping us was inattentive, dismissive, and kept chatting with her coworker instead of focusing on the customer. The cannoli, which we took a mascarpone and chocolate mousse to try, was disappointing: mascarpone tasted like whipped cream.  What a let-down. The amaretto cookies were good, but did not make up for the disappointing cannoli.Went here on the day before Easter and it was crazy. My buddy ended up spending $90 on cookies and cannolis, which is ridiculous. They were good but not good enough to stock pile them.The cupcakes always have a decorative ring on the top that goes along with whatever holiday or season it is. My favorite is the halloween jack o lantern rings. I eat the cupcake in it's entirety, then lick the remaining icing off of the pumpkin and then stick it on my ring finger like I just got engaged. 
I used to look forward to any holiday or birthday celebration cause the cakes and pies would always come from here. And I knew that if I took the short walk with my mom, I'd get the cupcake and the ring.I probably should have reviewed Isgro's before Termini's since I prefer their pastries (by a hair), but oh well. Isgro's was the best thing about St Mary Magdalene merging with St Paul's (more opportunities to implore my mom or mom-mom to stop in) and the worst thing about Dr Regni's office (seriously, a dentist right near a pastry shop?). My memories here are way to numerous, but do yourself a favor and stop into Isgro's as often as you possibly can. Their biscotti are perfection, as is their cream cake (actually all of their cakes, even their american-ish ones). Sfogliatelle = my favorite thing ever with their cannoli (note: CANNOLI IS PLURAL!!) stepping up right behind them. Actually, all of their creams in general are the best, no matter what form they take. My only complaint is that I wish that they sold their St Joseph's cake in mid-March only. Coming home to a zeppoli always made the end of winter special. Having it any time of year seems almost wrong to me. :)And this I will add... You know when you get an impostor black and white cookie, and you explode in anger by throwing it against the nearest wall? Well, don't worry. You won't have to get yourself all worked-up like that here. These are good. 
Black and white cookies ain't even a Philly thing! And Lordy knows there are so many bunk renditions to be found even in the beloved boroughs of origin. Homeland hankerins satisfied. Wonderful. Black and white cookies: another reason I love you, Isgros. So they're happily added to my bakery order when company comes a-callin', along with that pound of mixed butter cookies, the sfogliatelle and canoli galore.We got an Italian rum cake from Isgro's for $40 & it was quite good, soft, and moist. Everyone seemed to enjoy the cake.
We'd asked for a congratulatory message for the top of the cake, but they weren't able to spell "Congratulations" correctly. Instead it came out like "Congratnnnnn", perhaps because they ran out of room on the cake? This was not a big deal for us -- it was kind of cute & the important part (names) were spelled right. If you care, though, maybe it's not a good idea to ask for "congratulations" on the cake.Probably the best Italian cookies I have had, sorry Mrs. DiDinato. I challenge you to walk on the block, walk by and not have to get something.The place has amazing selection of pastries. Also their cannoli is simply delicious....absolutely mouth watering.  We enjoyed their thiramasu. Caveat their thiramasu was very soft and creamy. I understand that some like it less creamy. We had their rum cake, chocolate volcano and peanut butter cake. It was delicious. Found the place slightly pricey. We had their signature dish (dont remember the name) but it was small and full of buts for $3. Not worth it. Also, onw thing we didn't like was that the first pastry was picked up by hand without any glove. I was actually shocked and raised lot of doubts regarding hygiene of this place. But, over all it is very good dessert place.I'm in love! I can't believe it took me almost two years to try this place out! Ordered some rainbow cookies and they were delicious, the best I've had in Philly. Being from Long Island I have high standards and they did not let me down. Same goes with the almond cookies and pignoli. Also tried the cupcakes and very moist and frosting is delicious. Can't wait to come back!Isgro Pastries... over 100 yrs in business and if you drop by u will know why, I must admit they have the BEST Cannolisin south philly. Even better then Termini's. There cookies are expensive but well worth it.
They stuff the cannolis to order and a grandmother like figure does this with much love and care.
They haave 3 flavors... chocolate, vanilla and ricotta. Try the last one.You can definitely toss in a sfogliatelle for me too. I'm a fan. By the way, when I walked into Isgro's the other day it smelled just like heaven. Bakery air is the good stuff.
Someday you're gonna need a cannoli and it would beeeehoooove you to be in the vicinity of Isgro's. I'm gonna tell you something: I was happy with the cannoli shell. You know when you get an impostor cannoli shell and you explode in anger by throwing it against the nearest wall? Well, don't worry. You won't have to get yourself all worked-up like that here. These are good.Cannolis to die for!  I could eat them for days.  We could tell it's a neighborhood favorite, getting high praises from the pasta shop up the street and then seeing the long line of customers winding almost out the door.  The cannolis were probably one of the best things I have ever had.  The cookies are delicious too with a wide selection to choose from.  The woman behind the counter was wonderful in recommending treats taking her time to make sure we got what we wanted.  Truly a place where you walk in happy smelling the aromas of fresh pastries being made, and leave happy knowing the baked goodness you are soon to indulge in!Pros: very good pastries, an "institution."
Drawbacks: however, possibly due to its "institutional" status, it's not cheap, has frowning service, and it's difficult to find parking close by.  
Also, I often seem to go there when it's closed (I'm a visitor so not tuned into its schedule, so like others have said, call ahead to make sure it's open).If you had an italian bakery in your childhood neighborhood that you've been missing for years, this place will bring you back. Chocolate lace cookies, cream peaches, napoleons, those cheese-stuffed shells, rum bombs... I have to admit I haven't tried the cannolis, but the line is long on late Sunday mornings, which is certainly a good sign, and the italian rum cake is "to die for," as they say, exactly like I remember from special Sundays at grandma's when somebody was celebrating a birthday.  With the traditional ricotta icing, chocolate and vanilla rum filling, amaretti cookies around the edge, and yellow icing roses, my grandpa was thrilled with the surprise, carefully perched upon my knees for the duration of a 45-minute drive to my mom's house. This is the stuff that memories are made of.The best Italian pastries in Philly. I am always the hit of the party if I bring Isgro's.I've only been here once and got the ricotta cannoli. Highly overrated. It was ok but I've had better. I just don't get the hype at at all. Di Bruno's cannolis are way better.Just freaking delicious.  It's expensive, but for a treat every now and then it's worth it.  I've had their mini cakes, cannolis, lobster claws, and napoleons and loved every bit of them.Can I give this bakery six stars? I have been coming here for years, as I love the Italian Market. I dare anyone to walk into Isgro's and leave without purchasing something. It's simply the best American bakery I have ever been to. Period!I am a Pittsburgher, raised on the Strip District, when I moved to the void that is Washington DC, I could not find one respectable family owned Italian bakery like the dime a dozen back in the Burgh. So by the time I got to Philly and discovered Isgro's. I knew this was home. 
I love the cookies, yes I take the cannoli, and the box doesn't last very long. This place has been a South Philly staple for the past century. If you want to make anyone in your life happy, Just get them a box of cookies from Isgro's. You can't go wrong!Ordered a peanut butter chocolate ganache cake from Isgros before for a birthday party. Cake was too dense, TOO sugary, and really disappointing. I am surprised as Isgros has such a reputation for great desserts. I ordered a cake for fit for 25 for 30 people and I had a LOT of left overs in the garbage. I expected more. it was beautifully decorated though and did taste good...just extremely sweet and dense.My favorite cannolis in the city! Full five stars but service can be a little hit or miss as far as timely assistance though all of the ladies who work there have always been nothing but sweet to me.We love Isgro for their incredible canolis and the array of fresh baked pastries and Italian cookies.  They do lots of specialty bakery items for holidays like Easter and Christmas, and I know they get tons of orders around those times of the year someone plan accordingly if you are looking for a special treat then. Parking is a challenge and the inside Of the shop gets really busy during weekends and peak hours but it's always worth it.Love all the cakes & cookies!  I do think if u order ahead of time, u shouldn't have to pick a number & wait! And the girls behind counter, waiting on u, singing & talking about their personal life isn't very professional. But , about the cakes, pies, pastries, & cookies, this place is the best!!!i'm not giving out the five stars lightly here, this place is everything it should be and evrything you want it to be.  the smell alone from blocks away is enough for a star or two, but he selection  and flavor get the rest.  i think they do have the best connoli in south phila, not to take anything away from termini bros. anytime i go in here i buy at least 4 things, and whenever we have a birthday at work, we head straight to isgros. its easy to see why they've been open over a hundred years. take your mom or daughter, it will be remembered.The BEST lightest crispiest ricotta cannoli you'll ever have. Only downside is that they're a little too expensive... and its impossible to get them around a holiday without camping out all day.If you are visiting the Italian market are you have to stop in here for a sweet. The cookies are my favorite, but I can never pass up their almond horn. 
Stop at Anthony's Coffee shop, grab a coffee and walk around the block. You will not be sorry.The best tiramisu I've ever had was in, no joke, South Korea in 2005.
Until I had the tiramisu cake from Isgro. 
I've been up and down Italy and tried tiramisu in many places; no winners. This was seriously the BEST tiramisu I've had, hands down (I figured this out 10 minutes after I was telling friends about my Korea experience). Not too sweet, not too strong with the alcohol, and light and fluffy. I'm drooling right now just thinking about it!Great torrone, it was definitely the best thing I purchased. They only make one variety, which contains pistachios and almonds. It was moister than any other Italian torrone I've had, the texture is more marshmallow than taffy. I thought it was better the second day, the flavors developed a bit overnight. 
The almond horn was heaven to me because it was like a big amaretti cookie. If you love almond, you will adore these. 
I was not as impressed with the Sfogliatelle, I thought it should have been a bit more tender. I usually love the texture of this pastry, but the layers were a bit thick. 
Over all, everything was really good and I'll definitely be back to try the cannoli. Normally, I'm not one to complain about price, but I do think $19 is a lot to pay for two pastries and three little pieces of torrone.I found out about Isgro from my wedding venue. Their cakes are amazing!! I had the lemon swirl and raspberry swirl. Designs are amazing and I couldn't be happier.
Decided to go back because of such a wonderful job they did for my wedding for other pastries of theirs. Never really liked cannolis at all until I found Isgro Pastries. OMG!!!! To die for. I crave for them so often. I highly highly recommend (esp if you never like canolis...they will change your mind)I will never buy a cannoli from anywhere else. You can get the original cannoli or one with chocolate chips both are delicious. This place is as authentic as it gets.  When you walk in the delicious aroma of cookies and pastries assault your senses. Don't come here if you're on a diet, just walking in truly is a test of will power because you want to buy and eat everything. I will be back on a cheat day their tiramisu and cheese cake is still calling my name.In existence for over a hundred years, Isgro's at 9th and Christian is quite truly a Philadelphia treasure.  This is the exact type of place people are talking about when they talk about genuine, family-owned Philadelphia businesses with a superior quality product.
The small bakery can be smelled halfway down the block on Christian Street, and it's not uncommon to be jammed in the small waiting area with over a dozen other folks.  But, that just adds to Isgro's unique and throwback charms.  Its cannolis, cheesecakes, cookies, and carrot cakes are particular favorites, and the pleasant staff and reasonable prices for such a dedicated, thoroughly original product are acceptable and on par with the market.
I don't care what anybody says about Termini Brothers:  they cannot hold a candle to Isgro's.  Isgro's cheesecake is a particular delight, as it's incredibly moist, dense, and velvety, and their carrot cake is thick and swathed with large amounts of cream cheese icing.  You can tell that even though they've been doing this for over a hundred years, these people put a lot of care and dedication into their products.  Nothing is boring or typical:  it's all fantastic.
If you've never been to Isgro's, stop by and try out a cannoli and make your pick of an entire cake you'd like to take home:  you won't regret it.I absolutely love this place!! My favorite place in philly for pastries or birthday cakes! I always go for either mascarpone eclair or baba rum (both to die for) but their banana strawberry cake, tiramisu and chocolate birthday cakes are great too. If its your first time def go for the eclair!!!Gotta say, I'm a believer in the sfogliatelle... I had to change my name on here because that's how I felt about it.In the winter you can smell this bakery from a good 5 blocks away. I know this because I rode my bike past it every day for a year. And on those particularly horrible winter days when it was frigid outside I let my nose guide me in to this heaven and never left emptyhanded. 
1. The Ricotta Cheesecake is perfect. 
2. The Ricotta Cannolis are a great substitute when you can't eat a whole cheesecake by yourself. 
3. The sprinkle cookies taste like childhood. 
4. Every other pastry I have tried has been delectable. 
Thank you for boosting my morale so far. You are a staple in my Philadelphia lifestyle. Stay classy, Isgro's.I love everything about this place. There is an actual family running this place and all the gals are funny, sweet and in-your-face Italian. The cannolis are made fresh right in front of you, so they don't get soggy. The ricotta cookies are perfectly moist, soft and rich! All of their pastries are DE-LI-CIOUS! Prices are decent. Finally a +1 for Philadelphia from me. Can't wait to go back and try more!I give this place 5 stars based on the cannoli. Period.  That is because it is the only thing I have tried here- about 25 times. And that is all I ever want to do.
When you start walking towards the bakery all you can smell is yummy baking.  Then you walk in and either take a number or wait in line patiently.  There are many cannoli options but I say go for the classic- ricotta with powdered sugar. Most times they fill them fresh for you.  I cant tell you what they taste like an hour later- mine never last that long.This place is fantastic. Pricey, but fantastic. We walked into the small shop last weekend as friends of us directed us there and had built it up. Often times I am disappointed in situations like these, but I was not this time. 
We ordered a bunch of things, mostly out of the refrigerated case. As recommended, we tried both the marscapone and ricotta cannoli which were out of this world delicious. I love good cannoli and these were outstanding. I think a lot of people underestimate the magic of fantastic cannoli because they are fairly simple, and thus easy to make an average quality cannoli and very difficult to make and above average or excellent cannoli. What raises a cannoli to these heights? Mostly the cream and partially the shell. Both kinds were perfect on both ends. In all my years of cannoli eating, I don't think I've EVER had a better one. (I have also never been to Italy). I would say these cannoli are better than Ferrara's in New York City. 
Other notable things worth trying were the lobster tails (flaky dough filled with cream) and Italian rum cake (super rum-my). Had some other things that were OK, just not all that amazing, including this think that looked like a peach, some pistachio cookies, this cheese filled danish thingy. I know I ordered a fruit tart and i don't remember eating it. They either forgot to put it in or it wasn't that memorable. Anyways, this place is not cheap. I ordered a box of stuff, came out to around $50, so you should be careful if you are watching you wallet. 
Will definitely return when I'm in the area. Will definitely make a visit here as part of the reason for visiting this area. I am not a huge fan of chocolate mousse cannoli, which they also had, but with their track record, I'm sure it will be fantastic, too.I got a large strawberry shortcake for my wife's birthday. From the reviews and talking to friends at work I thought this was a definite winner. Don't get me wrong it was good just not $42 good. The "cake" was mostly icing, however, the strawberries were delicious. I certainly won't go back; I've gotten much better cakes for less money at many of the other famous Italian bakeries in south Philly.I finally tried Isgro's and you know what? I didn't like it - I LOVED it.  First of all, don't let the crowd deter your quest to browse all the goodies (because most likely, it will be crowded).  They have sooooo many amazing delicacies to choose from, it's hard to choose just one.  Which is why we chose three on a particular visit.
First, we had to get a cannoli because you can't be an Isgro virgin and not try a cannoli.  We settled on the mascarpone and it did not disappoint.  Next, we tried a marcarpone eclair (see a theme here?!)  This was my favorite.  So smooth and creamy, everything was perfect.  
All I can say is, it's a good thing I have to hop on my bike to visit Isgro's, or I'd be putting on some serious lb's!Well this was a nice surprise.
I've been meaning to go into Isgro for a while. I love not too far and I've passed by it many times. 
And while I've committed my heart to Termini Bros via Reading Market and the Comcast Center, I must say it's nice walking into an old fashioned pasticceria. Also, there was a plate of cannoli samples on the counter. Beautiful, bountiful cannoli. Just for you. Two perfect bites that encourage you to buy many many many of their delicious cannoli.
So the whole experience was great. They take credit and debit cards- no minimums. How refreshing! 
There is a fabulous selection to choose from, and they are all clearly very fresh. I just wish I had a cup of coffee to enjoy my sample with.
Being from New York City I've had experience in my fair share of Italian bakeries. None of those experiences were as pleasant as this one. 
They are a tab bit pricy but I think fairly so. There is a really lovely feeling knowing that you are bringing a pound of delicious cookies to an event and that almost everyone will smile when they open that box. 
Isgro is a great bakery that has been around for a long time, and I hope they stay around.Simply amazing.  On most days you'll smell this place before you get near as they have a ventilation fan from the basement that blows the sweet smells of an Italian pastry kitchen into the street air.
I've been to quite a few Italian pastries shops and this place is beautifully maintained with a top notch display of their pastries.  They have a large selection of cakes, cookies, custards, breads, and of course around the Christian holidays you'll find special seasonal items too.  For a place on the outskirts of the Italian Market, on a Saturday afternoon (with good weather a week before Easter), there was a line nearly out the door.
There aren't prices listed on anything so you basically just going to have to let your senses guide you to what you want and just open your wallet when it's time to pay.  (Example: $7 for a chocolate mousse cannoli and an almond horn.)  Prices are rather steep.  But to their owner's credit, I think showing prices next to the items would really make you lose your appetite.
Make sure you stop in the area if you can while strolling through the Italian Market section.What isn't to love about Isgro's?  My family has been frequenting this bakery since the early 1900s when it opened. Countless wedding cakes from here have graced the receptions of my family. Living back in the area now I have made it a point to continue going. With a big sign on 9th & Christian, you step into a small bake shop storefront with a glass case and generations of the family still operate behind the counter today. My husband loves cannoli. We ordered 2 and watched the ladies hand fill the shells with the light and gently whipped ricotta into each one (a copious amount of goodness in these) punctuated with tiny semisweet chocolate chips. I couldn't help but get swept up in the small Italian cookies, tarts, cupcakes and cake slices, and my favorite, pizzelles.  A South Philly institution you must try.We had a totally negative experience here.  The woman behind the counter was rude and nasty,   the cookies were grossly overpriced and simply bad.  
At $26 per pound, the pignoli cookies tasted of cheap imitation almond extract.  The Regina cookies tasted old and dusty, as though the sesame seeds were well past their use by date.   
Never again.This small Italian pastry shop has great home made cannoli. I purchased a tiramisu, prepared in an individual cup, which is an odd thing to me. Normally I see squares cut from a tray. This version was lacking in balance; too much powdered cocoa piled on top, which created a lot of dry texture and bitterness. Ideally the lightest dusting of cocoa on a cloud of whipped cream should blend seamlessly on the palate.  I had to spoon off the cocoa to eat the dessert.
I've been driving by here for a long time. Finally got a street parking spot across the road, and popped in on a busy Sunday afternoon when the ladies were handing out cannoli samples. Not a fan of cannoli (love tiramisu and cream puffs) but these were fresh and delicious!I found myself insanely hungover a summer morning walking through the Italian Market with a dear not hungover friend. The cheese and meat shops, and even the seafood vendors, helped cure my ills and brought my energy and excitement back. Reminiscing of the old Italian vendors from the Bronx where my Grandparents taught me about the food from their home country not only cured me, but put me in the mood for a cannoli.
We used Yelp and came up with a few shops. We stopped by the first. I was unimpressed. I'm ok if it isn't Italians working there but I just got a very commercial feel. The next two, well gee nobody knows what happened, but both seemed closed (and more like private businesses than retail shops). I couldn't believe I was in a section called Italian Market and I couldn't find ONE decent pastry shop.
I gave up. We began the walk home with my arms laden with fresh produce. And then, we see Isgro's. I didn't know if that would be the answer but we went in. And I spied the cannolis. And when I asked if they had pignoli cookies, oh boy did they!
I ordered a few traditional cannolis and 1/4 pound of pignoli cookies. They packaged them and I could hardly wait to try them. I survived the walk, and the drive form Philly back to DC until I opened them to share with my family. Thumbs up from all of us!
Big fan. This is the spot to get your Italian pastries in Philly. Felt local, felt familiar. Don't spend time elsewhere.The tastiest most dense & chewy pignolis you'll find in Philly. All the sweets I've had from Isgro's have been full of flavor and simply delicious.When you enter Isgro's the smell is fantastic! Their glass cases are filled with almost too many desserts to choose from. I decided to go there for the first time to buy my own birthday cake (Is that sad? I really wanted cake...) 
I was pleasantly surprised to find that Isgro's offers mini versions of a lot of their pastries. Instead of just one cake, I was able to indulge in multiple mini cakes. My husband liked the banana cream tart, while my favorite was the fruit tart, but overall everything we tried was good. I would definitely go back the next time I'm in need of a sweet treat.So good! Old school Italian pastries and cookies. The cannoli shell is really crisp and the lobster tail is unbelievable. The butter cookies are so classic and delicious. Go early!I agree that this is the best bakery around but whoever answered the phone today when I called from California was rude and not helpful at all.  Once upon a time I lived directly across the street from Isgro and never thought I would speak to a representative with such an attitude. Gus, I hope this was not your wife.  JanetWith dozens of rave reviews and over a hundred years in business, I probably can't say much about Isgro that thousands of others haven't already said. I will add that while I'm not usually someone who loses his mind over pastries, their cannolis are among the best things I've ever tasted, truly amazing. The mascarpones were off the charts and the ricotta weren't far behind. Even if you're not that into sweets, Isgro is a must try.Ordered a cake for my fiance's birthday and we could not be happier.  It was exactly what he wanted,  tasted great, looked great,  and was a great value.  The staff was very helpful and professional.  Will definitely be going back if I need to special order again!The tiramisu here is utterly otherworldly. After buying birthday tiramisu cakes from termini for the past 3 years (which were quite good, or so we thought prior to today), we decided to switch it up this year.
We've had tiramisu in countless restaurants, here and in Italy, and never had one quite as good as Isgro's. It is impossibly moist & rich. I keep thinking the next bite might be a bit drier or a reprieve from the richness but that bite just never happened. Everything about this cake is unbelievable. One of the few cakes I've ever had that both looked amazing and somehow managed to taste better than it looked.
Isgro is known or their cannolis, which are super legit, but their tiramisu is seriously underrated. Looking forward to next year's cake already...