Hike searching the area around a family function to get some lunch I stumbled upon Isot and was intrigued.   We arrived and were instantly greeted very warmly by the staff.   The decor is lovely and welcoming and we pursued the menu.  
The menu is varied - things we knew and things that were new.  We decided to shake it up a bit and try some items we were unfamiliar with.  Service was fast, the food was fresh and delicious - we were not disappointed!   The right amount of spice, warm and cool.   What a wonderful lunch!  And the Turkish coffee is heaven.   
I would highly recommend Isot for lunch or dinner - please move out of your comfort zone and try something new.   You will be glad you did and once here, Isot will become a favorite!As someone who grew up in Turkey I am obsessed with this place! It's so authentic and delicious I urge everyone to try it. For every special occasion my family has gone to Isot! The Adana kebab is a must if you like spicy food. And the lamb chops are magnificent. The owner is super friendly and accommodatingVery nice environment. Mixed grill was delicious. Kunafa is worth to try. Service is nice. Would definitely go back again if happened to be in philly.Food was great nice experience. Had the isot platter for 4ppl everyone enjoyed it. Price was reasonable too!We had a group of 4 for dinner on Friday night at 6pm. The reservations were made online and when we arrived, we were seated immediately. The ambiance inside the restaurant was really nice, modern but rustic at the same time. We asked questions about the menu (our first time at a Turkish restaurant) and the staff were very happy to satisfy our inquiries. The restaurant is BYOB, so we brought wine and beer, and glasses were provided for us as we sat down.
The food was absolutely fantastic. We had the Turkish dumplings (delightful!) as well as the appetizer sampler plate that came with eggplant, potatoes, yogurt, and hummus (all made in house). The pita that the sampler plate came with was nice and toasty (and we asked for more pita as we ate our meal and the staff were happy to bring us more). We also ordered the Isot special platter as our main entre ($75, serves 4 people). The meat was cooked to perfection, the lamb chops were juicy and done just right. There were sides of rice, veggies, salad, and sauce to go along with the platters as well. We had plenty of food left over, which I took home for the next day. Throughout our meal members of the staff as well as the chef himself came to speak to us and to ask us about how we were liking the food. The whole experience was very genuine, and we could not be happier with the food!
For an amazing meal with a lot of delicious food (more than we could finish), each of us only spent $33 (which includes tax and tip!)! What great value for truly unique flavors and well-prepared meats! This place is also BYOB so you save on that. Would definitely recommend this restaurant, we will be coming back for sure!I have been in Philly for quite a bit of time 43 years to be exact i have seen them come and go. My family was greeted and seated properly under a loud speaker nothing wrong with the music but loud, so i ask if they had doner / gyro  " no" a lot of excuses, ask if they had Liver (arnaut ciger) a specialty " No " . So for starters we had a salad tasteless, icli kofte very small portions, oh we ordered Cig kofte oops forgot to put it in.for our main meal Kofte (Turkish grilled meatballs) for my daughter Lamb Kebab for my wife and a mix grill for myself. Well presentation was great for all of the above, lets see meatballs were over cooked on the well done side small sizes takes 2 min. to cook,Lamb kebab was over done for my taste right oh ye did not ask how we wanted it done. In between our meal, there were some noises came from kitchen got louder manager and the cook or chef were arguing, very obvious my daughter was making fun of it, very entertaining for all of us. Ok dinner is finished dessert time, rice pudding no rice, here's the best part no BAKLAVA !!! " but we have Tiramisu". The reason i am writing this is i called the manager about all this he did not want to here but give excuse. Sorry guys but i will not recommend this place.Honestly, I'm a bit surprised about all the 5 star reviews. The atmosphere was great, our server was a sweetheart who checked on us frequently, but the food... Meh. 
We got a shrimp appetizer that was pretty good. The shrimp were cooked to perfection (thoroughly cooked, but still had that crunch) and the sauce was pretty tasty. No complaints about the dish, but it was like $12 for a little bowl of cooked shrimp in sauce. 
Also got chicken, lamb and beef kabobs, along with some grilled veggies. I was really looking forward to some kabobs and these were a bummer. They were all very overcooked. I can see the chicken being cooked well, but grilling beef and lamb until it is black, hard and dry is definitely not what I'd expect from a restaurant. We ate it, but it certainly wasn't enjoyable. 
Maybe I'm ordering the wrong thing here, I don't know. But kabobs are a Turkish staple and with a number of similar places close by that make it better and for less $$, I'm not in a rush to come back and try the rest of the menu. 
Overall, if you want Mediterranean/Middle Eastern style food and care more about ambiance than food, then I guess you'll be fine. 
Sorry, Isot. I really wanted to like you.I am a picky/spoiled eater. On top of that I eat Paleo. It is extremely difficult to find a restaurant that would deliver great quality food that is also healthy, even in a city as big as Philadelphia. I have decided to try Isot's food after reading many great reviews on various sites. Indeed - the food is exquisite, very fresh, very tasty, very well presented. The customer service is equally great, and the decor of the restaurant and its ambiance will transfer you to the Mediterranean in no time! This place is worth your time and money. I highly recommend it.I wish I had a bigger belly! The meal was really awesome!! I ordered the Tender Calamari and Mixed Plate for two people. The calamari was slightly fried, it was cooked perfectly! The Mixed Plate was a highlight. It was full of flavor with every bite especially chicken, tender and juicy. The waitress was attentive and lovely. Can't wait to go back again!Isot is one of the best Turkish restaurants on the East coast. Loved the mantı and gavur dagi salad. Acılı ezme and cig kofte were amazing. Pacanga borek was a bit oily but still good. Baklava was spectacular.. it was truly a 5 star experience.I usually do not give 5 start ratings, but Isot is close to it. After four visits, I would give it, if I could, a 4.5 or 4.75. It is a wonderful neighborhood place and serves as an oasis from the South Street tourist attractions. It is primarily a Turkish restaurant but they have dishes from the Mediterranean area. It is a BYOB.
Ambiance: a long, narrow room in front that opens up in the back. It is well decorated with simple touches but shows that someone knows how to and cares.
Service: whether you are chatting with Fatih, the manager, or the wonderful servers, you will be given a gracious welcome. The servers know the menu and food and give you the ingredients and the descriptions, they are patient, they are efficient, and they are very hospitable.
Food: we have eaten Turkish food at various restaurants throughout the city, and the food here is delicious. We have had their cold starters- isot kofte/haydari; salads- watermelon feta salad, Mediterranean salad; warm starters- hot hummus with walnuts, manti(small dumplings with ground beef/lamb filling with yogurt and olive oil (red pepper/mint). We also tasted their calamari and dipping sauce. All of the starters are fresh, tasty and well prepared. The manti are one of my favorite dishes.
We tried the shrimp umburger, which was good but the seafood casserole was really good. Lot of flavors hit your palate. We ordered the mixed plate on our last visit and it was sensational. Maybe a tad overpriced but it had grilled chicken, grilled beef kabob, lamb chops,  kofte (small beef patties) with bulgur and red onion salad.
Desserts: save some room for dessert. They have the best baklava in town,  moist, sweet but not too sweet, nutty and very satisfying. They have other desserts as well, like pistachio rolls.
The baklava was not delivered while we lunched but arrived as we were leaving. Fatih gave a complimentary baklava to each couple. Nice touch.
If you have a problem or something is not just right, mention it. They do respond in a positive manner.
Lunch only on Saturday and Sunday. Dinner starts at four every day.The best manti in Philly.  Fresh, warm simit.  The best olives I've had in Philly.  Kaymak.  Beyaz peynir.  Tea in proper Turkish vessels.  A full Turkish breakfast.  Modern decor; think more Mediterranean/Aegean western Turkey versus the more "Middle East" eastern style you typically find in kebab-focused spots.  
These are all GREAT things. So refreshing to see and a reason this will probably be the only Turkish restaurant in Philly my Istanbul-raised girlfriend and I will return to.
So why not 5 stars?  As I've unfortunately seen in other Turkish places here there were screaming kids running around throughout the meal.  Kids from someone working at/owning the place.  While I know this is the norm in many places IN Turkey it's not exactly the most inviting thing for people who have a choice between walking in your doors or one of the 3-4 others within sight of yours, or for those who are trying to enjoy a nice quiet brunch on a weekend morning now is it?Delicious food, nice atmosphere. One or two outdoor tables but we sat inside. Byob, with a liquor store about two blocks away on south st. We had a blast.Isot was such an amazing experience! The foot was amazing and the service was the best. I can't wait to go back here.I'm a fan of middle eastern foods so Isot was definitely a place that made sense to try. While some of the offerings I've had in other middle eastern or Mediterranean restaurants there were some things that were new to me and maybe specifically Turkish.
The atmosphere is very quaint and simple. I dined in the late evening and lighting was low and there wasn't much of a crowd by this time. Good atmosphere for conversation if u are looking to catch up with a friend or date. 
We started with the Mixed Meze which is a sample platter of most of the cold starters on the menu.  This is what I love about middle eastern food! "Dips" with warm pita bread! There were some new ones I tried at Isot and all were very good. The size of the mixed Meze was perfect for two people or one if you are making that your meal. Any more in your party and you may need to order two or the individual starters. 
The vegetarian offerings are mostly in the starter section but they do offer one vegetarian entree and salads. I chose the Gavur Dagi salad which was huge and very fresh and flavorful. I also ordered the mixed vegetable borek. This had two pieces and we each had one. My friend is a meat eater and he ordered the lamb chops. He said the flavor was great.  I also tasted his rice and veggies that came with the entree. Overall the food was fresh, clean, and tasty. 
When we got the check we were surprised how much food we ate for the price. Granted we had water with dinner and they gave us a complimentary piece of baklava but still a relatively inexpensive meal for dining out in Philly. This place is BYOB btw.Isot was great. We went there on a Monday night. Tried Ali Nazik as an appetizer , enjoyed every bit of it. Creamy yogurt with eggplant and chunks of lamb with grilled pita---great combo. The bread was home made and was delicious. Ordered the mixed meat platter which was enough for the two of us. And it was great as well. Kabobs were super juicy , veggies were fresh. The server suggested that we should try their Kunaffeh with Turkish tea which we did and that was a good decision. Had to wait for 25 minutes for Kunaffeh as they make it fresh. The décor was modern, lighting was romantic and wasn't too dark. The service was quick , def would be coming back with friends.This place is awesome. I`m not very familiar with Turkish food, but our waiter was very sweet and did a great job helping us making the orders. We had Manti for appetizer, lamb kebabs and grilled bronzini for entrees. They are all extremely delicious and the portions are huge. The grilled bronzini is probably the best grilled fish i`ve ever had in my life!!! Very fresh, perfect amount of seasoning for flavor, and perfectly grilled, just right amount of grilling done to make the skin a little scrispy and the meet part juicy!! The lamb kebab is also very awesome! Definitely very well made and the meet tasted very fresh! It was my first time having Manti, but i quickly fall in love with the dish, it's soft little dumplings in a yogurt based sause, yummy! This place is BYOB which i didn't realize until we got here. Definitely coming back, with a bottle of course!Amazing customer service - they were closing & still welcomed us. We had the gavur dagi salad & chicken kebab. Both were fantastic. Fresh ingredients.It's not easy to find a place in Philly that serves excellent kebabs, but I believe I have found one. I came here with a good friend on a Monday night, and it was pretty quiet in the restaurant. It's not a huge place, but it has a very open and nicely decorated layout, which can be good for a dinner gathering with friends or a date. The atmosphere is classy, yet casual, and the pricing is reasonable. 
The Isot Kofte was ok - but that may be because it was my first time trying this kind of kofte and the flavor seems like an acquired taste. However, the Adana Kebab was delicious - grilled tender and flavorful skewers of ground beef and lamb, finished with a nice char, and nicely balanced with generous sides of bulgur and vegetables. I was full AND didn't feel terrible after my meal, which is a rare event. For dessert, I highly recommend their baklava, which is very fresh and well-made. The service was a bit clunky when I was there, but the food more than made up for it. I definitely want to go back to try some of their other dishes.I was visiting Philly and craving some home-food. This place is one of the rare, authentic-tasting Turkish restaurants in US. Manti and gavurdagi salad are must-have. Acili ezme tasted great though it might feel a bit hot if you are not too used to it. Finish off your dinner with some homemade baklava, absolutely delicious. Also our server (Yavuz) was very friendly!HOW TO ENJOY THIS RESTAURANT:
As a person from Turkey, I need my dose of Turkish food... This is the place that makes my cravings disappear! We all know that when many of international cuisines enters the US market, they loose their authenticity and try to "Americanize".. All I can say: the food really tastes like in Turkey! (Well, almost... the ingredients are not from Turkey so nobody can expect exactly the same -but- this is as good as i could get..).
Coming to the suggestions; I would recommend ordering lots of small plates instead of taking individual main courses. Just go through the experience, share plates and taste more! As this is a BYOB restaurant, you can typically bring a bottle of your favorite wine. However, if you really want to go through a Turkish style dinner that involves alcohol, go buy yourself a bottle of Turkish Raki or a bottle of Greek Ouzo . I m sure some of the Turkish waitresses can help you on how to properly drink it but it simply involves 2 glasses, one containing just cold water and the other glass is usually 1/3 the spirit and rest cold water which turns the clear drink into white magic! ;) Since you have variety of foods on the table that everyone shares, just take a sip from the raki/ouzo, then wash it with the water and then take a piece from any of the plates and repeat this activity as frequently as you wish between your deep conversations with friends and family.. 
My favorite combo for 3/4 people to share is as follows: 
-Starters: Cig Kofte, Haydari, Abugannush, Mediterranean Salad
-Hot Starter: Pick two: Pacanga Borek / Ali Nazik / Icli Kofte 
-Main Course: Pick one: Coban Kavurma / Mix Plate
-Dessert: Turkish tea or turkish coffee with some Baklava (optional)
Depending on your level of hunger of course a second main course plate could be ordered or vice versa a hot starter could be deleted. It's up to you and how much raki and time you got! :) 
I hope this helps Philly people to discover and taste what Turkish food is like. My only reason not giving a full 5 start is because of the price level. As a student, the prices are a bit above my budget and I think at least a discount on students would be a great opportunity for many young foodies out there to discover a delicious place like Isot.A secret gem!  Kelsey was a wonderful waitress with our FIVE kids we hauled along with us.  The food is great and BYO.  Make a reservation for groups with kids though, there are only a few high chairs and it gets crowded!If you pass by Philadelphia, this is a must try!
From the starter to the desserts  "phenomenal" 
Friendly and sweet staff!The best Turkish cuisine in Philadelphia.  The mixed plate was excellent and a the meat was prepared to perfection (soft, tender, and juicy). My wife, who doesn't like lamb enjoyed the lamb chops!  The Adana Kabab was flavorful and spicy.  The free appetizer was also great!  The baklava is not as sweet or heavy as other places..makes it a great combo with their tea.
Need to find out if they do their dishes iskendar style and whether they also have doner kabob.  If they can do this then I'd be even more happy!Great meal! Food was on point. Service from Yavuz was fast and beyond amazing.  Definitely would come back.This is one of the best restaurant in Philly. You should definitely come and visit this place for unique taste, super service, delicious foods and friendly environment. Highly recommend it for this place for dinner. Come on in and enjoy middle eastern hospitality.This place has the nicest service I have ever experienced! The hostess was so sweet, our waiter checked on us appropriate amounts of times and made sure our water was always filled, and even the chef came out to each table to ask how the meals were. You felt extremely welcome, almost as if you were eating in someone else's home. The food was also amazing! Tons of spices. And the chef kept sending out on the house items including two specialty Turkish drinks and a cous-cous appetizer. 
Definitely recommend their hummus. And as for entrees any of theirs are delicious! It may appear pricey but if you add in the fact it is BYOB (with no additional cork fee), it's definitely worth it!First time in Philly and I'm so glad I spent my last night here! Amazing food, great atmosphere, and Alexandra answered all our questions.This place is an easy 5 stars. Our millennial waitress Gavi immediately put us at ease with an incredible litany of specials. After much careful consideration and consultation, I had to go with the seafood cheese casserole thing (sounds insane but much like paneer, it 'just works'), even though I'm mad for branzino.
My better half had the mixed platter and, along with a couple delicious apps, these were a very encouraging introduction to Turkish food in general and definitely one of our new favorite South Philly restaurants.Had very high expectations due to the yelp reviews, however was extremely disappointed with the quality of food that was served to our group. 
-Adana was bland with no flavor and  was cold and the meat seamed processed. 
- calamari was tough and extremely small
-vegetarian borek was frozen inside. Apparently it was not freshly made 
- we were charged for Pita which should have been part of the meal. 
-chicken kebab was extremely dry and lacked marination. 
-baklava was not homemade. It would have helped to have it heated to give it a fresh taste 
-manti was mediocre, and cold. 
- Turkish tea was luke warm. Turkish coffee was not prepared properly. It lacked the slight froth that Turkish coffee is well known for. 
On a positive note ,the Owner was very nice and the atmosphere is charming. It's unfortunate that the food lacked In so many areas. Hopefully this review will assist in making the appropriate adjustments.Great food with a unexpected kick.  Jalapeño peppers used on the kebabs.  Definitely get the Mixed Sampler cold appetizer to try everything.  We came during their soft opening so we are excited to see how they evolveEverything from the service to the food to the price point was awesome. Perfect for an upscale casual meal.  Note - It's a BYO!
It's been hard to find a nicer Mediterranean restaurant that actually has good food and top-notch service, until Isot!
Food:
We were a group of 4 and shared the cold meze platter per waitress's recommendation. It had yummy scoops of multiple different dips, including hummus (of course), a thick yogurt dill dip, some marinated vegetable mixture, and a spicy/ tangy vegetable one. Came with some of the fluffiest warm pita bread I've ever had.
Entrees we ordered included chicken kabob plate, beef kabob plate, and scallops. The chicken was perfectly cooked and moist, served with a flavorful salad and some warm grain (bulgar? I forgot. It was delicious). Everyone loved their food, and the portions were good sized. 
Service:
Out waitress was just cool, for starters, Nose ring, artistic haircut, super smiley and took fantastic care of us. Timing of her check-ins were also impressive; I felt like I was in capable hands. 
Ambiance:
Quiet, clean, simple but fresh. It's a small space but did not feel cramped.Chef stopped by our table to check us out. They brought complimentary delicious appetizer samples. The appetizers and food is EXACTLY like the ones you can get in Turkey. So if you want to try Turkish food, you don't need to go there. Just come to this restaurant. You won't regret. Great music and great service also.Very good food.  Very courteous staff.  BYOB is always a plus.  The decor is a little confusing in the back of the restaurant, but the front is gorgeous.  Definitely a great addition to the little restaurant corner they have going at 6th and bainbridge.  Would definitely return.This place is one of the best turkish restaurants I have eaten in. Good service and the food is just amazing.
I tried the mix cold appetizers,  icli kofte  and lamb kabab, they were so delicious.Nice restaurant! Nice service! Nice food! It was the first time I had Turkish food and it was awesome! Th atmosphere is wonderful and the food is great! Highly recommend to come here with friends!It was OK. We went at a Saturday night and other than the big party happening in the private space, it was dead. We were hoping for a livelier atmosphere- we were alone most of the night in the front room, which felt very big and empty. The service was great, but right off the bat one weird thing was that the water was sold to us in plastic bottles. I wondered why we couldn't just get a regular glass of water? Food-wise, the mezze mixed plate was a tasty start, and the spinach and feta borek was fine- but small, like tiny fried spring roll tubes. Entrees (chicken kabob and chicken cutlet) were good, but nothing too special. 
If you want a very quiet dinner spot, head here, but if you want to be around other people it's not the place to be.  Honestly I would have no problem giving Isot a better review if there was just a bit more energy to be found here.Everything was great here. The food, the service. I especially liked the hummus, abugganush, and the kebabs. Oh and of course the baklava! They accommodated me and my boozey friends very well.My husband and I tried Isot a few month after noticing the sign outside and reading great reviews online. I love the decor of the restaurant, very modern and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The menu had many delicious options so we opted for two options that gave us a mix of many. We started with the mixed mezza which came with 6 different dips and delicious warm pita. They were all very tasty and we were not disappointed. We also ordered the manti which are very small Turkish dumplings filled with meat. It was very unique, but I think could have benefited from some more salt of flavor. As an entree we shared the mixed plate. All the meats were nicely grilled, but the lamb chop and the Kasap kofte were our favorite. The food was very tasty, it was easy to get a weekend reservation and the bonus is it is a BYO.I called on a Saturday evening to see if we needed a reservation and they said absolutely and it appeared that getting us in a 8pm would be tough but they'd squeeze me in. Imagine my surprise when we get to Isot and there were at least 5 empty tables! Hmmmm..... that was a strange start.
Then the waiter/host seats us at ... the table right by the ladies room. Not only is it by the ladies room.... but you can actually see into the bathroom every time the door opens. Really?! Either there shouldn't be a table there ... or only seat your guests there as a last resort. Anyway, we asked to move to a table in the middle of the dining area instead.
Food is fine. I would say it's basic and good but nothing amazing. Nice that it's BYOB! 
Service was poor. I'm not sure if they were short-handed but they the staff could barely handle the situation. Tables were complaining about how long it was taking to get their food. One gentleman said he waited over 1/2 an hour for his entree.... and when it arrived it was cold. I think they need to work on their systems or hire a few more folks.
That all said, prices are fair so if you are looking for basic middle eastern and you're not in a hurry this is a good value.Affordable and delicious.  Mixed meze, mixed plate, and cheese based desert were awesome!We walked by with our dogs, and got a menu from the hostess saying they have new special menu. We decided to give it a try since they have tables setter up outside. We ordered the vegetarian wrap and chicken wrap. Hey, It's a wrap, who would have thought they are so out of ordinary and so delicious. I'm surprised by the herb and seasoning that they put on the wrap. The best wrap I've ever had. They put onion, green peppers, eggplant, zucchini, broccoli, and cauliflower into the wrap, all these ingredients makes the wrap so juicy, plus the spicy power makes it more special. We also ordered a side of fried calamari. We later found out from the waitress that it was the first time the kitchen serve wrap since their grand opening one month ago. I hope they will keep this quality and standard. Overall it's an excellent experience. Will definitely come back and try the whole menu.The service was second to none. Servers were extremely attentive not even allowing a water glass to go empty. Every dish we ordered delicious. Especially loved the hot hummus. BYOB doesn't break the bank.This is the best Turkish restaurant I have ever eaten ! It is a shame that they don't have another brunch in New York! My two other friends and I went for dinner and we ate kofte, manti, shrimp, salad and as a desert kunefe you should definitely try it taste like right you are eating in Turkey. I am still having dreams about the food there and telling literally all my Turkish friends to go there it is so sad that you are located in Philly! There was a male server named Yavuz as I remember he is just upscale he literally made us feel like we are home so friendly nice and kind. Turkish food is great but Isot was total another experience for us!! Thank you for being such a great experience!!Great restaurant in Queen Village. The restaurant was very colorful. The servers were very friendly. Nice perk it is a BYOB so we have a great bottle of wine to compliment  the Mixed Plate we ordered with dinner. The mixed plate came with a combination of beef and lamb kofte, beef kebab, chicken cutlet, and lamb chops. Served with bulgur  and antep salad and onion parsley salad. We will definitely go backSimply put, Isot is awesome.
First, BYOB (duh). Second, their food is out of this world. We had the calamari which was quite good but probably my least favorite thing we ordered. The Shrimp Umburger and the Lamb Kabobs were out of this world. 
Service was also great.
Points for: BYOB, Service, Shrimp Umburger and Lamb Kabobs
No negatives.We went to this place last night. Great staff and foods. I highly recommended "Adana Kebap". If you like Turkish and Mediterrian cuisine don't miss. 
For Turkish users:
Eger ki caniniz Turk yemekleri cekiyorsa guzel bir alternatif. Mercimek corbasi, mezeler, borekler ve kebap secenekleri memnuniyet verici. Mekanda icki satilmiyor ama disaridan istediginiz ickiyi getirebiliyorsunuz.The best Turkish branch I had so far, thanks to lovely smiley waitress.
Prices was reasonable 
Parking is issueWith a party of seven we split the Mixed Meze cold starter which was delicious- a good sampler plate. We also liked the Cig Kofte - which was spicy and flavorful.  we then split the Manti Turkish dumplings and the Ali Nazik sautéed lamb and grilled eggplant.  Yum!  For dinner we split a Mix Plate of lamb chops, beef kabob, lamb kabob, chicken cutlet and Kasap kofte along with the Mediterranean salad.  Okay - we were all too stuffed for dessert.  The restaurant was clean, service excellent, prices fair.  We enjoyed ourselves and had fun watching other parties celebrate time together.  Very nice!  You should try it.The food was great. Got the chicken kebab. Definitely recommend the Cold Mezze sampler as well. Only complaint was sitting by the door. It got really cold at the end as the door was being opened a lot.The food is amazing here!  The food was great and the baklava was authentically Turkish! The service was top notch.  Romeo took good care of us and had the best personality.  Thank you Romeo for making my sister a bday extra special.Just tried this new somewhat hidden gem in our neighborhood (Bella Vista) last night. Upon walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful decor. It is perfectly cozy with an upscale twist. We began with the warm hummus topped with walnuts, a mezze platter which included cold hummus, an eggplant and tomato mixture, a spicy tomato mixture, a yogurt sauce, Russian potato salad and another vegetable mixture that had a hot kick to them. We also tried the Pacagna Borek that was insanely delicious. 
We had the special Branzino that was literally to die for. It should be put on the menu. The fish was cooked perfectly and the lemony flavors were perfectly complimentary without being over powering. The side vegetables of broccoli and cauliflower were amazing, my only complaint was that I didn't want it to end! The side salad was also super tasty. The deserts were incredible- some of the best Turkish desserts I've tried. 
I am so glad that we came in to try Isot! It was such an awesome treat and was absolutely delicious. Very friendly staff. The owner has a lot of history to his story and his background shows in his food! I can't wait to go back :-)Dinner at Isot was awesome. 
We had a party of 9; on Saturday night 10/1. We had a reservation and the service was great from the minute we walked in. We were given a choice of a table downstairs; or one upstairs. We chose a table upstairs since this was a family dinner, and I suspect we were going to get kind of loud and being upstairs worked out perfectly. 
As stated before Isot is a BYOB we brought wine with us, that was happily served and no corkage was charged. 
The service was amazing. I feel bad that we had to make our server keep having to go up and down the stairs. That said though, she was great. She was constantly checking in on us to make sure we were good; refilling drinks, and she made some amazing recommendations on the food. 
We had the Mixed Mezze and Calamari as starters. All of the dips on the Mixed Mezze plate were amazing. It would be hard to pick a favorite. The Russian Salad was something I had not tried before; it was really good. 
For dinner we had lamb, Adana Kebabs, Chicken Kebabs and Kofte- all Amazing. 
We also had the Baklava and another dessert (I cannot recall the name, it is a warm dessert that must be ordered about 15 minutes before it is served- our server recommended it and did not steer us wrong). 
Overall a fantastic dinner; great food; great service; and between being a BYO and a reasonably priced restaurant; not a huge sting to the wallet.We went last night for a last minute dinner out.  Service was acceptable, atmosphere bland with overly loud Turkish music.  We enjoyed the hummus, pita and salad well enough.  The seafood casserole was close to worthless: minimally seasoned, loads of rubbery cheese and possibly canned mushrooms for 24.5 bucks.  They were out of two of the more interesting entrees.  Sorry, I would not go again.GREAT meal. The BYOB is so nice, especially for us New York City-ers. We got the Meze appetizer and the mixed plate and split it between the 2 of us. Definitely enough food. And so tasty!  Our waitress wasn't great, but the atmosphere and the food more than made up for it. All-in-all a great spot just off the crazy South Street strip.We love this place!  Great prices, delicious food, super friendly and professional staff.  And it's BYOB!  What more could you want?I figured this place would be great based on the Yelp rating. Went here around 8 pm on a Saturday night (party of 2) and they had barely any staff for the night so that should've been a red flag off the bat. 
We were seated and given silverware but no napkins and no water. It took a while for anyone to come over to take our order at which time to had to ask for water. Throughout the meal we then had to ask for the water to be refilled multiple times. 
Placed our order and the food didn't come for far too long. We ordered a cold appetizer too (mezze sampler plate) so it was unclear what the holdup was. When it finally came, we had to ask the waitress what was what, at which time she told us that we didn't get the full sampler because they ran out of some appetizers, which would have been nice to know when we were ordering. Had to ask for napkins at this point too. 
The entree was split was good (Adana kebab) but nothing out of this world and small given that it was around $20. All in all disappointing experience. I wouldn't go back.We came for Mother's Day and had a wonderful experience. Excellent food and great service -- our waiter was very helpful and gave us recommendations as to what to order. All of his suggestions were absolutely on point. The hummus was delicious, as was the mix meze (we even got a separate hummus in addition to the meze!). Plus, the waiter brought us complimentary (and delicious) dessert (baklava) and tea. Strongly recommended!Party of 4 of us enjoyed shared first courses of Russian Salad, Haydari and Manti.  The Manti was the only one that disapointed but all were nice and well made.  Kasap Kofte and lamb kababs were up next.   The kababs were a hit and the kofte was good.  All in all the meal was one of the better Turkish dinner I have had in a while.  Flavors were light and not burdened by a heavy hand on the spice.  
The service was well paced and friendly.  It passed a no rush test as we enjoyed our meal over two and half hours.My visit here was my first time having Turkish food. We ordered the Isot Mix Plate and the Mixed Mezze. The food was delicious! The meats were grilled perfectly and all of the mezze dips/salads were a nice compliment. But let me talk about the waiter here! I forget his name, but probably the most friendly and delightful waiter I have ever been served by. He was just so excited and knowledgable, and made our dining experience amazing. 
My only concern was that they didn't give us nearly enough pita for the amount of mezze that we got. We had to ask for more, but it still didn't seem to be enough. Ask for extra extra pita.This BYOB NEVER disappoints me and it just seems  to get better. It has a wonderful ambience and is nicely decorated. The owner and some of the staff are from Turkey so the food is very authentic. The lamb chops are delicious. I have tried several items from  the menu and always enjoy the food. The kabobs are awesome. This is a great date night and also wonderful for a group of people. The appetizers are excellent for sharing. Now on Fridays & Saturdays they have a beautiful woman who dresses in a traditional Turkish costume and serves a wonderful tea from an ornate pitcher. The desserts are excellent I highly recommend the kunefe. Kunefe is a syrup soaked cheese pastry with shredded phyllo dough. It's basically an extra delicious baklava. There is a small private dining area in the back that may seat 15 - 20 people. Not exactly sure of the amount of people it will seat but it has an adorable straw/thatched roof.This place was SO good. It was a bit late when we arrived and not very crowded, but the service was wonderfully friendly and attentive. With a Yelp check in, we got a tasty meze platter for free and every one of the 5 items on it was perfect. That dish came with a side of fresh pita that was light and fluffy and direct from the oven. The turkish ravioli was mouthwatering and the scallops entree was delicious and big enough to share. We finished with Baklava and coffee, and would absolutely be back with frequency if we lived anywhere near Philadelphia.Charming BYO. Ate there the other evening after I read a mention of it in the Philadelphia Inquirer food section. Was not disappointed! Very fresh, authentic Turkish cuisine with great spices, flavors, contrasts. Had the mixed meze to get a good sampling as well as the Ali Kind (sautéed marinated lamb with gilled eggplant, yogurt garlic sauce). Also tried the Karides Tava (jumbo shrimp -- and they WERE jumbo) in a butter garlic sauce with red pepper. Absolutely delicious. Although I was really full, the platters going to the table next to me smelled wonderful. Am returning this week. Casual, cool atmosphere, knowledgeable, friendly, accommodating staff.Great (as they get) kebabs, polite staff. Don't forget to try their baklava!Took my wife to Isot for her birthday.  When we got there, the staff had reserved a window table for us.  What a great way to start! We brought a nice bottle of Pinot that paired very well with the food. Since it was our first time there we decided to try the mixed appetizer platter, a couple of additional appetizers suggested by our server, and then split the mixed grill.  Everything was absolutely fresh and delicious.  Each dish had just the right amount of spice and it was obvious that a lot of love and skill went into the preparation; the portion sizes were also just right.  We finished off with the mixed dessert assortment and Turkish coffee.  The baklava was amazing! So much so that we ordered more to take home.  The coffee was brought out in traditional metal-covered cups and was delicious.  Seriously I could drink this stuff instead of my usual latte every day.  Highly impressed overall with the service, appetizers, mains, dessert and coffee.  I can't remember the last time I could say that!  Bottom line: we'll be back!First of this place horrible first time and last time visit never ever come to this place I don't recommend at all worst food and worst service I ever seen in my life I'm a owner of restaurants too but I have no idea how do they do business they should have minus stars I want owner to contact me ASAPThis is probably the best Turkish place i ever tried.
Food tastes Amazing as well as they serve generous portions.
Excellent food presentation.
Staff are cheerful, pleasant and efficient.
The place is clean.
Tried lots of things on the menu and loved Everything! 
Don't leave without trying the desert menu. 
They offer free tasty sherbet, bread served with a lovely collection of appetiZers (5 types), as well as their tasty tea!
Loved the whole experience and would defined come back again!
:))Food is greasy dripping oil which makes no sense because it's charbroiled. The desert kunafi has mozzarella cheese which is not the right cheese for this desert. There is no airconditioning on the front half of the restaurant which is the most pleasant to sit at. The waiting staff are very nice and courteous.Who deep fries a bourekah? Not good. Everything else lacked flavor.  The cucumber tomato salad was ok though. Delivery took 1 hr 15 mins. Won't order from here again.Just had a delicious lunch at Isot. We went to Turkey for our honeymoon and this place brought back wonderful memories. The service was great, when they were out of manti, they brought us the Ali Nazik, sautéed lamb with eggplant. The chef came out to introduce himself and was very nice. Highly recommend this dish, my husband I devoured it, along with everything else. We will definitely be coming back. My only regret is not trying this place sooner.Huge disappointment for the food.  The worst part was meat. Adana tastes so spicy and felt like plastic. Lamb and beef kebab usually comes 8-10 pieces. There were only 6 pieces of Meat and it was dry. For the price this is like a joke or maybe someone got hungry and ate my food on the way. ( joking :) 
Seriously as a Turkish person I don't think they can stay long. 
Although servers and manager is friendly and nice waiting time was disaster.  Total time spent 2 hours. Eating time 15-20 mins. Rest was waiting for foods. 
Not recommended.The food is superb. We had cucumber soup, manti, mixed grill, etc. All perfectly seasoned and cooked. The waiter is also the nicest guy you would meet in addition to being efficient and attentive. He seemed genuinely happy to be there. And so were we.Isot is by far the best Turkish restaurant I have ever been to! I am of Middle Eastern decent and have been to a ton of Mediterranean restaurants and Isot is by far my favorite!! The aroma of the restaurant and the quality of service is wonderful. Our waiter was from Turkey and extremely personable. 
My husband and I have been to Isot now 4 times and it has officially become our "spot" to take guests when they visit Philadelphia. We typically order our favorites to start which include the Icli Kofte ( similar to Arabic Kibbe), Hummous (one of the best I've tasted - fresh and amazing) and Mediterranean Salad with Feta cheese. 
For dinner we ALWAYS order the Adana. I've had Adana Kebab at 5 other Turkish restaurants and Isots is by far the best I've had. Better than Efes for those of you from New Jersey. Today my mother in law ordered the Lamb kebab and it was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth. She is an amazing cook so for her to truly love it was a BIG DEAL lol. My father in law ordered the chicken kebab and it was nothing close to the typical dry chicken you get at other Mediterranean restaurants. Everything they cook is perfectly seasoned and served with vegetables and bulgur on the side. My mother in law said she is normally never a fan of Turkish food but this restaurant changed her mind. 
To end an already amazing meal we ordered the Kanafe for dessert. My mother in law is Palestinian and is therefore very well versed in Kanafe and she was in love with Isots take on it. It was served in a mini pan with walnuts as garnish and it was DELICIOUS. 
I would definitely recommend this hidden gem to anyone interested in Mediterranean food in Philadelphia! We will be back very soon :)The service was slow and uninformed about menu but The food was good. The mixed grill plate was cooked really well.Isot was really really good. BYOB place. The Isot Kofte was incredible. Hummus was good as well. The chef was kind enough to make Ali Nazik vegetarian by adding extra eggplant.I had a good feeling walking into this place.  Brought friends from out of town and it was perfect choice.  Friendly service, delicious food (dumplings were a favorite), ask waitress for suggestions, she gave us good picks. Will go back.LOVE this place! Food was great, service was even better.  Yavos (I apologize if I'm destroying the spelling) was the best.  We were celebrating our friends birthday and he couldn't have been any sweeter and more attentive.  He made our experience the best it could be -- would definitely return.Isot is a great BYO place found off South Street. The food was great. We got three appetizers and shared an entrees.
The shrimp umburger was our favorite and blew us away. We got the mixed plate entree to try a bit of everything and the meat was cooked perfectly. The only thing I didn't "love" was the Manti appetizer which is described as a Turkish dumpling. Too small and too much of the wrap/breading. It was still good but falls short compared to the other dishes we ordered.
My only complaint (and a very minor one) was that our waitress didn't know the menu very well and made some minor mistakes where I could tell she was new. She suggested an appetizer and began describing it but was actually describing an appetizer by a different name. She told us later on it was just her second day so it's understandable but I still think there were some parts of the night where she could have been better trained. Again, she was serviceable, friendly, patient and did everything right but some experience will definitely help her.Really great food, this is a hidden gem. We started with the Mix Meze cold appetizer (bunch of spreads with pita) - all excellent. We also had the jumbo shrimp appetizer, which was really good, although you should realize that it's only 4 shrimp pieces. For the entree, we had the lamb kebab which was fantastic - cooked very well and really flavorful. For dessert, I would recommend the pistachio baklava. The service was excellent throughout - very attentive, very helpful, and not overbearing.I dined at Isot with my girlfriend on a Saturday night. We didn't need our 8pm reservation because only two other tables were occupied. The menu was short and the waiter only recommended the combo platter, which seemed over priced, or the kebabs. 
We started with Ali Nazik and calamari, both of which were decent. For entres, I had the lamb chops (medium well, very tastey) and my date has the Adana kebab (flavorful, mildly spicey) with nice sides of bulgar and roasted veggies. It seemed the only dessert option was two bite-sized pieces of baklava.
The service left a bit to be desired. Even though the restaurant wasn't busy, we had to pour our own wine and ask for water refills. The entres arrived before we were finished with the starters, making for a cramped table. I am of mediterranean descent, have traveled to Turkey and enjoy Turkish food, but found Isot underwhelming and probably not worth a return visit.Tried the steak which is very good but not as great as the other excellent and consistently great tasting food.  Excellent service, ambiance, and staff.  Will come back for more!   Need to try other dishes next time but mix plate and Adana Kabab are just too good to pass up.  Can't wait for doner kabob and maybe an upgrade of the pita that comes with appetizer.I just had to write a review for this place because I thoroughly enjoyed eating here. In my opinion, it's one of the best eateries in Philly. The atmosphere is charming, the service was impeccable, and the food was so flavorful. I highly recommend this place.Service
I went here a date around 8 pm on a friday night. It wasn't that busy  It had an ambiance of a middle class dinner. Our host greeted us and led us to our table. The service was okay not that great as I had expected. Our waitress never checked up on us throughout the whole meal but the host had done so herself. However as both our glasses were empty they skipped us as they poured water for the guests next to us. The service gets a 3.5/10
FOOD
Basically the food was bland. We started our dinner with a hot appetizer of Karides Tava. It was jumbo shrimp in a garlic based oil. The shrimp didn't really taste like much except shrimp and a hint of garlic. It was kind of bland as the flavors weren't enhance. I wouldn't recommend this dish as it was a waste of money I give it a 3.3/10
For our entrees we got the Mixed Plate for two. They started it out by giving us the antep salad. Overall the salad was good and crispy. It had a nice dressing over it and was very refreshing. The red onion salad was good and it was something new that I have not tried before. The salad gets an 8.3/10
Next came the meats. The Kasape Kofte was the meatballs it was okay but slightly on the bland side as it didn't really have any flavor. The beef kebab was probably the best meat on the platter as it taste like normal beef. It had very little flavor overall though. The chicken cutlet was not good at all. It had a burnt taste and it was bland. It wasn't moist and it was on the dry side. The lamb chop was the most disappointing thing there. As I expected it to taste delicious. The lamb chop was smaller than expected. It was too salty and not much else. Besides it being salty it was bland. The meats were disappointing as it was bland and not flavorful 
After the meats came the Bulgur came and the roasted vegetables. In my own opinion, I don't like hot vegetables so I thought that it tasted terrible. The carrots tasted like grass and everything in it was mushy. The bulgur was also bland as well as being bland it was overcooked. It was very very very mushy and it had the texture of mashed potatoes. The entrees get a 2/10
It took us awhile to get our check as our waitress was too busy with other customers which was understandable but she ignored us as we asked for her attention. Eventually we got her attention and was able to get the check but as we were paying for our check, the waitress stood there and watched us as we took out our wallets which was very uncomfortable as she waited there. We paid and then we left disappointed. 
The food was fulling but it was not a good full for us because the food was terrible. I will not be coming back here again nor will I ever recommend this restaurant to anyone.Solid place for Turkish cuisine and great that it is byob.  Not too loud for conversation and the service was nice. None of the food blew me away but was tasty, good flavors. Overall nice experience.Based on the glowing recommendations on Open Table and here, I expected our experience to be wonderful. It was, simply, bad.
We were a party of four, and when we arrived the host showed us to the table right in front of the door. It was chilly outside and we would get hit by air and diners would be at our back every time the door opened, so I asked if we could be seated farther in the room, away from the door. There were four other empty tables in the room so it seemed reasonable to ask. The host was hesitant and said they were booked for the night. I said yes, but the other parties weren't there yet (and they could be seated by the door since they were later), there are several empty tables, and we are here. He had to get someone else and it took at least 5 minutes for them to figure out if they could accommodate us. They finally did. 
Since it's a BYOB, we brought our own wine, and my friend asked our waiter for wine glasses. After 5 minutes, with no wine glasses, we noticed the waiter had been behind us chatting with the host and another waitress at the host desk. I called him over and asked him for the wine glasses.
The rest of the dinner went a little more smoothly, but we noticed that the next four parties that arrived all had reservation snafus that the manager kept having to deal with. There was only 1 party that didn't seem to have to wait while the staff sorted out a booking problem. The host, waiters, and manager all seemed like a bunch of college kids with little to no restaurant experience. There wasn't one manager or waitperson in the restaurant who seemed completely competent. 
As for food, the appetizers were better than the entrees, but they weren't inspirational or exciting. The entrees were lackluster and had no interesting flavor or preparation. I had the lamb chops, which were almost dry, and my friend's prime rib was bland bordering bad. Her husband's branzino (presented whole) was ok, but not particularly special, but my husband said his entree was pretty good. Interestingly, when we were ordering and asked our waiter what he recommended, he said NOT to order the lamb chops because the fetamash takes extra time. We found that odd. It's like he was going to have to make it himself and didn't want us to inconvenience him. 
Needless to say, we will not be going back. It was one of the most disappointing dining experiences we've had in a while.Completely wowed - food, service, decor were all outstanding. The food is flavorful, obviously made with care, perfectly seasoned, served by the friendly, attentive wait staff. It's the best Turkish food I've had, outside of Turkey! I can't pick any one item because everything we have had here is top notch. I would say that the grilled items, especially the Kofte, are my favorites. Prices are quite reasonable. 
The decor is charming and casual from the pretty bistro chairs of black and rattan, beautiful wooden ceiling panels, right down to the super clean bathrooms which feature attractive circular wall tiling and perfect lighting. 
I knew from our first visit that this place will now be my regular neighborhood brunch, lunch AND dinner go-to spot! I have never seen children running amok, like a review below noted. It's actually a perfect choice for families with well-behaved kids - many items are so-called kid friendly (chicken kebabs, wraps) and the owners are warm and welcoming to all. (I, and other nearby tables, were far more annoyed by the table of 3 bellowing bros and their yappy girlfriends than I would be by children. ;)Great place for a date! So romantic and it definitely set the tone of the evening for me. I loved the dumplings, liked the entrees and the deserts were mmmmk. Go for the dumplings!My husband and I had a wonderful experience tonight at Isot. We ordered three appetizers and the meat platter for two for dinner. Everything was delicious and the wait staff was so friendly and attentive. We will definitely be going back!The waiter was really nice, the restaurant was nice too and ofcourse the food was good. I ordered lamb chops and my hubby ordered marinated chicken. Both good. They add an 18% service fee on your bill, so i didn't expect that. our bill was $67 and we ended up paying $85. The menu was really small as well which was a bummer but I think I'd still go back and try some manti and calamri.Ladies and gents, this place is amazing...!  I am a die hard fan of Mediterranean and Turkish cuisine and this is certainly at the top of my all-time list. Great ambiance, service is unparalleled and the food is exquisite. We had a sample dish for two and I highly recommend it. We could not stop eating even though we were already full. Too bad we are from out of town, otherwise I can see myself coming back constantly. Anyway, now I have an excuse to come back to Philly...I didnt know what to expect because the place was empty, We were the only ones there, but the food was Delicious, great services and it's BYOB, always a big +. We had the assorted cold appetizer, which had all the spreads on the menu. Perfect if you like trying a little bit of everything. We also tried the seadfood casserole, which was delicious. Fresh and the cheese on top made everything better. Small but worth it.We visited the restaurant first time yesterday. Manti and Adana kebap were very very delicious. The inside of restaurant is well designed and clean. The waiters and owner are very friendly. After waiting for a long time, we were happy to find a real Turkish restaurant in Philadelphia. We will definitely visit this restaurant very often.Came here with my husband after a quick trip to Philly I was desperately craving Turkish food! We ordered the calamari and Sheppards salad to start, amazing! Then we shared a couple entrees of doner and lamb kebabs, then of course finished off with a Turkish coffee. It is BYOB I didn't get that memo.Isot is the only turkish restaurant in philedelphia but that is not the only reason this restourant is the best.Their food is just like what it is in turkey.You do not need to travel all the way to turkey just to eat turkish food.You have this restourant.Just come here. Ambiance is amazing, music is superb,service is perfect.What else to look for? Do  not even  hesitate. Get the dinner for 2 option or manti. All food are excellent but these are otherworldly.I am proud to call this restourant a real turkish restourantOne of the worst food and service experiences I've ever had in my entire life. I am absolutely shocked this establishment has such high reviews. The chicken kebab was undercooked, the service was tortoiselike and the owner/chef (and I use the term "chef" loosely) argued with us when we complained. Three strikes and you're out. 
My party of four ordered two mixed mezze appetizers which, in themselves, were okay (one was a little bland and the hummus was tasteless and thick), but took them over 40 minutes to serve. One order of adana kebab was tasty. When two orders of chicken kebab finally arrived after 1 hr 15 min., they were rubbery and appeared undercooked. We were worried for our health and they substituted the chicken for lamb. We figured we were safer with lamb. The lamb was also quite chewy and disappointing. 
They first wished to charge us for everything, including the more expensive lamb dishes. When we complained, they removed the appetizers and kept the adana kebab and two orders of undercooked chicken on the bill. We were willing to pay for the food that was not undercooked and which we enjoyed (appetizers and Adana kebab). The owner/chef came out to argue with our entire party, explaining how he does not argue with guests, while ironically doing just that. He served us a baklava type dessert for our trouble even though my wife earlier explained to the server she is allergic to gluten. Bottom line, eat at your own risk with slow service and relatively high prices.A lovely place to eat.  Immaculately clean.  Delicious food, courteous and generous service. They have authentic Turkish tea!  The price is definitely right.I'm so glad Philadelphia has a restaurant like this: excellent Turkish food, including some wonderful, cumin-y, urfa pepper-laden dishes from Southeast Turkey that you don't usually see on Turkish restaurant menus, all in a quiet and atmospheric BYO with friendly service. 
For me, highlights included abagannush, a refreshing cold eggplant dip with pomegranate sauce that's herbal, smoky, and a little spicy; hot hummus with walnut and hot pepper oil (which was some of the best hummus I've ever tried in a life filled with hummus), and cig kofte, which is vegetarian patties made from cracked wheat, hot pepper paste, and spices.  
We also had dessert, and the baklava with pistachios was perfect. It was sweet and flaky and floral and nutty, but not gloopy - the texture was just right, which turns it into something light years better than what (already good) baklava is usually like. For what it's worth, I've lived and traveled a lot in the Middle East, including some time in Turkey, and even in the region it's hard to find baklava that's this good. 
Basically, these guys really know what they're doing, they add something new and excellent to the restaurant scene in Philly, and I'm glad they're here.I usually don't write reviews unless the restaurant is really bad or really good but this restaurant really impressed me. I wanted give this restaurant a 5 star because the food and the service was amazing. I never been to turkey but I definitely felt I got a small taste of the culture and food. I want to give extra thanks to the staff members who made me feel extra welcome and my date went really well (bonus point). Keep up the good work and I highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends and family.I had dinner here for the first time.  We were a large party of 9.  The service was great and food was very good!  They were very friendly in explaining anything that you may not have been familiar with.  The portions are a good size too!Amazing food, nice ambience and great service I would definitely go back again. Highly recommend this place.Went last night for a late dinner. Not too busy, but nice ambiance. I had seared scallops which were delicious. Byob, cash only. Hubby had lamb which he liked. The hummus was only ok, but service was pleasant and brunch menu looks good.Rounded up to 3 stars.
Great food. We came with a group and went for the mixed plate for 4. The food was well seasoned, grilled to perfection.
However, it took 50 min for the entree to arrive while the tables around us (who arrived at the same time) were finishing their meal.
In addition, they forgot a component of the dish that the mixed plate came with.
Also, our water glasses were left empty. The waitresses/waiters only looked superficially at the glasses closest to them to see if they were empty.
We were not checked on during our meal. Had to go look for service our selves.
I'm not sure if they can handle a heavy dinner service.
Would only come here during non-busy horsVery authentic food, especially the cig kofte and Manti.  Service was exceptional and its BYO.It was best Turkish restourant which I have ever visited out of Turkish Republic. Food was very fresh and tasty. Environment in restourant was very nice. Mr. Yavuz who was making service to our table did his best and made our dinner unforgettable.This place is a charming little restaurant with great food and great service. We were greeted by Helen who took care of us for the rest of the night. The place is small but it's cozy and feel comfortable. At one point the tables seemed too close to our neighbors but Helen was kind enough to move the tables to make it more comfortable for everyone. Helen was very attentive and knowledgeable. The food came out quickly and was very fresh and tasty. We had the mixed meze which comes with pita and the borek with spinach and feta as well as the mixed vegetable borek. The mixed meze was like getting all the cold appetizers on 1 plate to delight all the taste buds. All the different spreads were delicious, and Helen explained all of them when she brought them out. The borek is like an egg roll filled with waiter spinach and feta or mixed vegetable mozzarella. Each plate of borek comes with 2 good sized pieces. Both types of borek were delicious, though spinach and feta were my personal favorite. For the main course we had the chicken kebab, lamb kebab, lamb chops and the Mediterranean salad. Both kebabs were deliciously succulent! We had actually requested Helen to ask if the kebabs could be seasoned to spicy and they actually did a great job! It wasn't super spicy but it added a nice heat. The kebab plates were quite large with roasted veggies, bulgur which is like rice, and a small salad. The lamb chops were done to perfection. It just melt in your mouth! Again a large plate consisting of roasted veggies, bulgur and a salad. The salad was refreshing and flavorful. I appreciated that the red onions didn't have usual zing and were more tamed. Unfortunate I wish there were more olives and feta in the large salad. I think there were only 5 olives in the whole bowl. For dessert we had the baklava and the kanafe. I have to say the baklava was one of the best I have ever had! It wasn't overly dry, or overly sweet. Similarly the kanafe was on point. It wasn't too sweet and each bite made want more! Overall this was one of the best Mediterranean restaurants I have ever been too. I would give it 4.5 stars only because I think they could add more olives and feta to the salad. All in all this is a great place for an intimate Mediterranean dinner which gives the feel of a very expensive restaurant!Enjoyed a good dinner here on a quiet Tuesday night. 3 stars for the food, but the great service bumped it up to 4 for us. The chef came out to greet and chat with us, and even gave us some free baklava. Awesome dude. 
If it's your first time visiting, I'd recommend getting the mixed meze, and one of the mixed grill plates. It's a nice, approachable way to try a whole bunch of their offerings. 
The mixed meze consists of their 6 cold dip apps, and is served with warm pita. Of course, some of these are better than others, but all are certainly worth trying. 
The mixed grill comes with chicken, beef, lamb kabob, lamb chops, and kofte, which are like little, flavorful hamburger patties. This meat extravaganza is accompanied by a house salad, some refreshingly chilled yogurt soup, onion salad, bulgur rice pilaf, their spicy pepper dip, roasted veggies, and warm pita. It was all good, but kind of basic, and nothing really stood out our wowed, unfortunately. The kofte was probably my favorite of the meats.
On the other hand, the baklava was some of the best I've had! Definitely worth getting, and an awesome end to our meal!Exemplary!  Every bite was super tasty.  We had the meze, shrimp, veg delite & some kebabs - loved it all.  Baklava was juicy, sweet goodness.  The tukish flan was yum too.  Service (Natalia - thanks gor tolerating us) went well above & beyond.Headed there on a short time frame for dinner. Place if BYOB with a state store 1 block away.
Had the hummus appetizer - terrific with 6 different selections. Main course was grilled chicken fillet. Very tender and flavorful. My dinner guest had the dumplings stuff with spinach(veggie). Very tasty.
Service was very informative and attentive. Will returnWe thoroughly enjoyed the food and the excellent hospitality.  The passion for this cuisine is worthy of praise.AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE.We came in and looked very decorative.Designs coming out of every corner.We ordered the tender calamari and hummus.The waiter was SUPER NICE.He gave us three platters with different dips to dip the pita in..He said it was on the house.IT WAS ABSOLUTELY SO NICE.THIS PLACE DESERVES MORE CUSTOMERS..This place has become a bit of a tradition for us. Kasap kofte is my wife's go-to, and I love the mixed plate of perfectly done meats. They serve great sides too, including a bulgur rice that my kids cannot get enough of-also highly recommend the red onion salad. We will visit again soon!Very nice restaurant. We had recently traveled to Istanbul and Antalya, Turkey and loved the food.  Isot did an excellent job of replicating that experience. Its also somewhat quiet that is rare in most CC restaurants.  The service was attentive and the staff went out of their way to call us to let us know we left a pair of eyeglasses on the table as we left.  We got the eyeglasses but will be going back and sharing the find with friends.  Enjoy!I called the restuarant and they wanted me to give my number to reserve although I was 5 min away and just calling to check wait times. The person whom answered the phone then called my cell twice - after I refused to give my number- which was weird and kind of made me not want to eat there. (Did they think using caller ID to call people would bring in business?)
The places we wanted to eat at didn't have available tables so we ended up here, anyway. 
The food was mediocre. The hot hummus was not tasty at all, I could not bear to eat it. The warm pita bread was nice. 
The restuarant didn't fill our glasses with water, we had to ask multiple times for water. The place was not that busy. 
We ordered the mixed platter for about $29. It was not that much food and the quality of the food was not good. It was sort of a sad presentation. There was not much meat and what they gave was ok; tender but not flavorful. Very fatty pieces. The lamb was probably the best, but it was one tiny chop. The restuarant was cool in letting us share the plate, so they get some points there. The salad was sad and there were very little veggies. They were overcooked and not seasoned well. I have been fortunate to have outstanding Turkish food, fast food style and fancy too. This was less tasty than food truck offerings I had. Given how great the reviews, I was surprised to experience lack luster food. And the area is full of incredible restaurants. This is not one of them. 
The ambience was pretty sad, too. 
The best part was our waiter (the dude whom answered the phone) gave us all baklava to try. It was not good. But his gesture was sweet and it made me feel less concerned about the odd calls he made to my cell. 
Now, my date and I thought the food was awful. My sister and her friend disliked the ambience but thought they would come back to this restaurant. The caveat is they never had Turkish food before and nothing to compare it to. So maybe this is an ok introduction to Turkish food. If you are a foodie, I don't recommend wasting your taste buds here. 
I spent $61 plus tip and am still hungry unsatisfied.Wow. I can't believe I've lived near this place for so long and never dined there until yesterday. 
I had the lamb/beef kebab platter. It was simply delicious. They didn't give us steak knives because we didn't need them; the meat was that tender.
It was one of the best meals I've had in a while, and my boo and I have been eating out a lot recently at much more celebrated places.   
Highly recommended!I don't normally give reviews,  but I would say the Manti and Kofte could be counted among the best I've had in the states.  Love the fact this is a BYOB, makes the evening that much better.Great place! Loved the food and the service. We had the Mixed Mezze platter with Pita, the Ali Nazik and the Adana Kebabs! Total cost was around $45 dollars. Their entrees are slightly steep at $18-24 which pushed up your total bill; but it's worth the taste and the quality. Also the free baklava with a Yelp check in is awesome!BYOB with no fees! Went here with some girlfriends. The food is run-of-the-mill, not bad, but not great. I enjoyed the hummus and flatbread. The veggie patties were spicy and had a nice kick to them. The borek was not good.The fancy pastry was disguised as a feta and cheese spring roll. I recommend coming here for some apps and bringing a bottle or 2.We hosted a fundraising dinner for about 20 people on a Saturday night in the separate upstairs dining room. The space was perfect for a private event and it was a wonderful night enjoyed by all.  The food was delicious, the service was impeccable, and the price point was great for our fundraising needs.  In addition, the owner was very accommodating and was a pleasure to work with leading up to the dinner.This is a nice authentic Turkish restaurant. The owner said they opened 5 months ago. Owner is very friendly. Food is really good. I tried Adana kebab and it was as good as the restaurants in Istanbul. 5 months 5 stars.Wanted to love place (and we did love the food!) but the service was so bizarre I can't give it more than 3 stars. (TL;DR: BYOB, make a res, sign up online for a free kofte coupon, get the mixed mezze dips, manti, adana kebab or coban kovurma, and Ali Nazik. Don't expect great service.)  Here's how our night unfolded. 
:) Opentable reservation, got a table set off from others towards the back so we weren't on top of other people, we remembered to bring wine,  the place is really cute,  great vibe and decor, we're excited!
: / The waiter recommends (while looking awkward and apologetic) that we order sparkling water because they charge for bottled water here. My friend starts furiously googling whether that's legal (ugh lawyers, right?). Ok fine we get a bottle of sparkling and a bottle of Poland's finest. In the end he didn't actually charge us for the Poland Spring but we definitely saw other people being brought complimentary pitchers of water, including my sister, who dined here later that night. Weird. 
: | Place settings are a mess.  I don't have a fork,  oh I have two, do you have a spoon? It's like go fish with utensils up in here. 
: D The apps start coming out and the food is great and the portions are large! The mezze mixed dips come out right away and we decimate the pita within minutes,  after a bit of a wait  they bring more (they should just put out more in the first place). The manti is delicious and I eat the sauce by the spoonful. We order our entrees and my friend orders 2 apps as her entree, the waiter doesn't ask her when she wants these out but tells her it's a good move so we think that he understands what she's going for here. The waiter is very understanding and accommodating of my friend's food restrictions. We are feeling good. 
-_- A HUGE group of young ladies comes in with their rompers, heels, red lipstick and gigantic bottles of wine. There's a private looking area upstairs where they get seated and can giggle loudly. We realize this is like the La Viola or Banana Leaf of Queen Village,  where undergrads can byob, get rowdy and eat carb load for cheap before hitting the clubs (I'm old, I know). At one point the waiter is taking a picture of the giant group next to us,  which is so giant that she has to stand behind our table to get them all in. 
: \ The waiter brings out my friend's 2 apps (her main meal) long before or entrees come out. It's awkward,  but we deal. The spinach and feta borek is good but tiny (2 spring rolls size), the Ali Nazik is a large portion and delicious.
: ) The rest of our entrees come out (except one)! Everything is delicious. The Coba Kavurma is awesome,  the adana kebab spicy but not overwhelming,  the side salads are fresh and flavorful.  
: ( Ok still waiting on my friends lamb kebab ($19.95)... We ask a few people. It finally comes out! YAY. Oh wait no this is lamb chops ($24.95), not a kebab. But she's hungry...  But let's clarify with the waiter because it is a significant price difference. He says they're the same (they're definitely not, but ok). We figure she'll get charged the lower price (she doesn't).
: | The waiter brings out complimentary dessert for all the service mishaps and it's very good (a walnut baklava like thing). The bill comes out to $25-35 per person which is very reasonable. 
I'd come back for the food and with a big group and a lot of wine, but I wouldn't come with your parents or people who care about customer service. And next time I'm arguing for that water!This was a phenomenal meal. The lamb was delicious with no sauce required and the service was top of the line. It's a BYO and I will be going back in short order.We have now been here four times, and have thoroughly enjoyed ourselves every occasion. 
The appetizers are incredible. We have enjoyed the Ali Nazik, which is a combination of meat and eggplant in yogurt sauce, and the Manti, which is a must try dish featuring small dumplings (we had this before in Uzbekistan cuisine, but love the spin the chef places on this). The same can be said for the lamb chops, which are very tender and cooked well in demi-glaze. The Adana kebabs were also shared and enjoyed by everyone. 
This place is definitely worth checking out as it's a new restaurant in the area and deserves a taste from those both inside and outside of the neighborhood. We will keep coming back!I usually don't write reviews unless the restaurant is really bad or really good but this restaurant really impressed me. I wanted give this restaurant a 5 star because the food and the service was amazing. I never been to turkey but I definitely felt I got a small taste of the culture and food. I want to give extra thanks to the staff members who made me feel extra welcome and my date went really well (bonus point). Keep up the good work and I highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends and family.We really like everything! It amazing food, safely place. Clean atmosphere, server, Yavuss is friendly.Went to Isot for the 1st time last night and will definitely be back! The service was wonderful, we received a complimentary spiced drink that  tasted similar to Apple cider, but with more spices. We started with the cold hummus and spinach/cheese boreks- both were awesome! Then for entrees I got the kofte and my husband ordered the lamb kabobs.  Both were delicious but I definitely preferred the kofte, they were basically mini lamb and beef burger patties. With it you get veggies,  bulgar wheat (similar to rice or couscous), roasted half of tomato, large salad for the table, chilled yogurt  dill sauce and an onion parsley salad. Sounds like a lot and it definitely is. Go with the onion salad and yogurt sauce on the meat,  best combo! The best item we ordered was without a doubt the baklava,  it was fantastic.  Overall it was a wonderful experience and I'm thrilled we have something a little different in the neighborhood.Amazing food. My wife had the fish which she really enjoy it and the mix platter just was  too much. The tea and baklava also excellent and the quantity of food.... I could not finish all.The food and staff were great. We were disappointed that they were out of fish, but cheese dessert was fantastic! Remember it's a byob.Great service and delicious meal! Had the lamb and smoked eggplant appetizer and it knocked our socks off, so good, we almost licked the plate :) then we had lamb and chicken kebab platters. Both were tender and flavorful. Portions were generous and came with a salad and marinated red onions. We were stuffed, but because we had never eaten there, the very sweet waiter offered us their pistachio baklava on the house. It was perfectly two-bite sized (because we could barely eat any more!) and paired nicely with their black tea. I will definitely return!This place went above and beyond to provide us with wonderful service!!! The food was delicious! And the waiter was adorable! The hummus was fresh and the pita was warm.  The meat was tasty and tender.
I would definitely go back when I'm back in town!I loved this place! The food is seriously amazing! This is my first experience with Turkish/Mediterranean food and it was so good! I would definitely recommend going for the lamb! The service was also spot on! Yavuz was our server and he was super attentive and nice and he was actually from Turkey!! He was so funny and taught us how to pronounce the food names correctly and made the overall experience amazing! I'm from California so sadly I can't come back too soon but anytime I'm in Philly I will definitely return!We really like everything! It amazing food, safely place. Clean atmosphere, server, Yavuss is friendlGreat food, great service in a nice location. Very nice staff too. It is BYOB, but there is a great wine store around the block.Solid food and really nice servers. Try the kofte with ground lamb and beef - it's savory. Cooked veggies and salads all fresh. Refreshing! We've been there twice. In nice weather they offered a couple of tables outdoors. A welcome change of calm and civility one block from the craziness of South street.Really great meal. My husband lived in Turkey for 5 years and this satisfied his endless craving. BUT, this place is BYO, which wasn't clear to me until we got there. So, note: BYO! All in all, great, authentic Turkish food. Friendly service. Highly recommend!Such an incredible time last night celebrating my birthday  with a party of 8 at this intimate Turkish BYOB in Queen Village! It was an excellent choice as everyone told me! Thanks Yelp! You make me look so good sometimes. 
Our group ran a tad late and it wasn't an issue at all. We were seated towards the back beyond the candle lit two tops in a space reserved for large parties. This place was a breeze and such a great choice for a larger party!! Highly recommend for group dining!! 
It's decorated with traditional Turkish cooking ware, patterned tile floors and definitely had some ambiance. Perfect. 
Our bottles (it's BYO!) were taken, opened and placed in ice buckets on the table immediately. Water was filled and we were presented with a complimentary spicy chickpea lettuce wrap app before we even started. How nice! It was delish!! 
Our table consisted of a vegan, vegetarians and carnivores alike. All were satisfied greatly!!
 The large salads, mixed meze plate (Combination of Abugannush, Acili Ezme, Haydari, Saksuka, Hummus & Russian Salad) and veggie borek were delicious and what to stick with if you're plant-based! Even the pita wedges which kept coming out fresh and hot every time we turned around was perfectly grilled and delicious! 
Some of the fam (the meat eaters) ordered the "Mix Plate" which can accommodate 2,3 or 4 people. It comes with lamb chops, chicken cutlets, Kasap kofte (mixed meat-beef and lamb) and beef kabobs. It also a comes with one of each salad, rice, grilled veggies and our waiter let the crew swap out a house salad for calamari. So much food! This is by far the way to go if you're hungry and looking for more of an experience. Our awesome waiter also informed us that these salads and sides would be enough to feed the veg-heads who ordred just a few smaller plates as well. 
Everyone absolutely raved about the food!! The noises coming from the gang were actually a tad embarrassing! Lots of moaning, "oohing" and "ahhing". Minor complaint would be that the beef was a tad dry, but nothing they count fix with a dip in one of the sauces provided. Other than that, they said the meat was to die for. Another fan favorite was the red onion salad! We all couldn't get enough!! Really, everything was eaten completely and well loved! 
Our waiter Iyiki was phenomenal! He was so incredibly personal, sweet and kind. He made menu suggestions, explained in detail what everything was, and even plated dishes separately for those with dietary restrictions without having to ask. He made sure we knew what was spicy for the kiddos too. 
He even sang "Happy Birthday" to me in Turkish when he presented me with their pistachio baklava (which was also complimentary) split into bite sized pieces with sparkler candles. Everyone said it was THE BEST baklava they've EVER had!!! He insisted on taking a family photo of us all also. We all commented what an asset Iyiki was to our meal!! Fantastic!! 
The meal was so reasonably priced for the size of our party Ana for the insane amount of food we were given. 
I would love to come back and we all would recommend for a different dining experience! Especially for larger parties. It was overall, a truly great time! 
*We had no issues booking a large group via Yelp even last minute. A credit/debit card is required for booking a party of this size and $10 will be charged if you cancel less than 48 hrs before your reservation time. 
**We found a spot right out front on 6th! Others were available on Bainbridge. Unmetered Street. Bike parking also.Isot was amazing.  My fiance and I went here for our (dating) anniversary because it is BYOB, and the food and service were both fantastic.  We got the Mixed Meze (a mix of cold appetizers), which included hummus, babaganush, a sweet pepper spread, a cheesy spread, an olive spread, and more, with plenty of pita.  We also ordered the mixed plate for 2 as our main.  The dishes included with the mixed plate for 2 filled up the whole table.  A big plate of meats including chicken, lamb, beef, maybe pork.  It also came with a really tasty salad, and lots of side dips / veggies, and a couscous dish.  The waiter was very helpful, recommending that we didn't need to order another salad because the Mixed plate came with an "even tastier" salad, and we agreed!  It was nice that he made that recommendation to us because another salad would have been too much food, and it saved us a couple bucks.
The prices were fantastic.  It was our cheapest fancy date in a long time.  The Mixed Meze was $10 and the Mixed plate for 2 was $35, so the total bill was so reasonable.  We also got pistachio baklava for dessert, which was perfect.
We were served a warm cinnamon spicy drink at the beginning of our meal, which was very good, and we got hot tea with dessert.
Overall, our experience was fantastic.  The service was super helpful, and the food was delicious!  I highly recommend checking it out, and I will definitely be back!Çok güzeldi, the beyran soup çok lezzetliydi. Bring your rakı -- they have the ice! Burada yediginiz böreklere kiyasla Paçanga böregi asiri güzeldi!This is a great place. We ordered issot mix plate. Very delicious food. The cold appetizers is so delicious. The serve is so good especially Oguzhan the server is very friendly .Owner /chef is so nice and friendly.One of the best Turkish restaurant in USA. We 'll be back soonIt was our first time at Isot and we were pleasantly delighted at the service and the taste of our meal. I ordered Adana and my kids (10, 12 year old) ordered lamp chops and kofte respectively. We also got cigkofte and kunefe which were both excellent. Oguzhan and Yavuz were so attentive and made sure we had a great celebration (my birthday). We will be back!I challenge you to find a better meal in Philadelphia at this price point.  I have now been to this delightful BYOB several times, both at tables for two and in a large group, and I am consistently impressed by everything about the place.  From the charming hostess to our favorite waiter Yavuz, the staff have all been friendly, attentive, and seem genuinely happy to serve.  The place has a delightful ambiance and everything is very clean.  
I have tried probably 2/3 of the dishes, and each of them I would order again.  Favorites include the Shrimp Umburger and Ali Nazik.  The lamb chops are perhaps the most flavorful, tender meat I've ever tasted.  Portions tend to be quite large, especially the platters and - the "1 person" size Mix Plate was almost enough for a meal for two! 
I'm tempted to keep this place a secret, but at the same time, I want to see them open and busy.  Thankfully, it seems like business is picking up for them lately.  Bravo, Isot!Great food, beautiful minimalist decor with pops of color, and fantastic service! It doesn't get much simpler than that to have a good time and tasty food. Everything on the meze platter was fresh and when paired with the warm pita, it vanished from the plate as fast as it was put down. 
I was torn between getting a lunch/dinner plate vs the Turkish breakfast but went for the breakfast since I was feeling nostalgic for my time in Istanbul. Good assortment of cheeses, jams, bread, and a perfect sunny side up egg in the middle of the plate with potatoes underneath. Delicious! 
What really puts this restaurant over the top for me is the service. The server was charismatic and attentive without being overbearing. This is what great service should be. Something that some of these smaller restaurants lose when they get busy or want to have a quick turnaround. I really hope this place takes off since it seems fairly new and could use a boost of clientele. Don't hesitate to check it out! Will be back!the food was delicious.the customer service here is so good.this place deserves more customers.the waiter yavuz is super duper nice.everything deserves 5starsNot ideal for vegetarians. Only one vegetarian entree. My friend who eats meat enjoyed her food though.I went with 5 friends and before we paid the check were talking about when to come back.  The food was incredible - the cold sampler platter was great the lamb chops were fantastic and our vegetarian friend loved her meal. My husband loved his whole fish.  The service was spectacular.  Knowledgeable, efficient and so accommodating. They had all of the appropriate glasses for our beverages, without asking a lovely ice bucket appeared. We felt very well attended to - this is a great place. you should try it.This is a BYO with reasonable prices - just a plus, but go for the food and service.I am a little confused about this place.  We came here around 8pm on a Saturday night and there was only 1 other table in the restaurant.  When our server greeted us, after 10 minutes of sitting there, it seemed to us that maybe he had never served before and his english was not very good.
We started off with the mixed mezze and it was good but there was nothing to write home about.  We had also ordered extra pita which never came.  For our entrees, we had the beef kabobs and the seafood casserole.  My friend did enjoy her casserole.  I had ordered my steak medium rare and they came out medium well.  I got really irritated for 2 reasons.  The chef should not be making these types of budget mistakes, and if he does, then the server should have checked back to correct the mistake.  Unfortunately the chef did make the mistake and the server didn't come out of the back for another half hour.  Rage.  When he did eventually return, I asked for more pita for my appetizer even though we were already almost finished with our entrees.  After we were finished, we had our server wrap all of the leftovers including the appetizer we didn't finish, the pita, and our entrees.  Lo and behold when I got home, he forgot the pita yet again.  So I had 3 dips and nothing to eat it with.  Like come on now!  The experience was irritating and I can't deal with these amateur mistakes.  How hard is it to cook my steak at the correct temperature, give me my pita when I ask for it, and wrap my pita corresponding dips?  Maybe it was an off night but when I'm paying $25 an entree I'm not having that.  I will not be recommending this place.Made a reservation with Yelp SeatMe and were quickly seated at the table nearest the large front windows. Great Turkish spot off of South Street. Friendly service, BYOB, and approachable menu. We started with the cold mezze platter - the spicy pepper dip was phenomenal - and the hot hummus (also great). Thanks to many Yelpers, we tried the Monti as will - very flavorful and unique. For an entree, we split the Kasap Kofte which were phenomenal (though wish I saved more room for them!). Thankfully, found my second stomach for dessert and enjoyed the baklava made with pistachio. Friendly service, and comfortable decor. A win!Absolutely loved this place! I celebrated my 27th birthday here with a group of 8 other ladies, and it was 5-stars all around: service, food, ambiance, cost, etc. 
To start, our server was incredible! We kept whispering and giggling among ourselves that he was absolutely winning in the most dear and polite type of way - there was full consensus at our table. To elaborate on the service, it so happened that while they were bringing out the cake for my birthday, my friend's hair caught on fire from the candle at the center of the table as she was leaning over the table to get a picture of me! Thankfully, once we put the fire out, she was perfectly fine other than being in shock. It was still an unfortunate scare though, and the server brought out special tea on the house to help her feel better. 
The food was phenomenal too; it's really nice to go to a place where you can share some of the plates together and try all kinds of things. I especially loved how tender and tasty the lamb was (highly recommend). It's also BYOB, which is always nice on the wallet, especially given the nice calm type of ambiance (aka not crowded with college kids drinking boxed wine). 
All in all, I had an wonderfully lovely experience, and would def recommend.Ate there this evening.  I ordered the whole fish Branzino.  It was devious.  The salad was good.  I especially loved the fresh broccoli and cauliflower.  Our waitress was very attentive.  My husband had the lamb kebobs which he enjoyed.  I went there because of reviews on Yelp.  Will definitely go there again.The most authentic Turkish meal I had in US in the past 10 years. Great atmosphere and good people! Highly recommended.Great place! Cute decor. Good food. And very accommodating for a large group of people.Love their Russian salad! Food is good. Nice people, but portions are so small! Too pricy for those portions.My new favorite Turkish spot in Philadelphia. The place is very clean, well designed and BYOB. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. I got the chicken kabobs and they were the best I've had in a while.This place was amazing for dinner! This was my first Turkish meal, and I was impressed. The servers are kind and helpful, and the dinner was rich, flavorful, and satisfying. Will definitely come here again! The only downside is that the food takes a while to come out-- but that's not a problem if you have good company and conversation! 
Oh, did I mention it was BYO :)We had an amazing time at this spot. Our waiter (Harry) was so friendly and helpful. He suggested his favorites from the menu, which we tried and did not regret! If you like lamb, definitely go for any of the lamb dishes here. 
Our appetizer was filled with flavor and so enjoyable. 
Our waiter kept the pita flowing! (There's nothing quite as terrible as a place that's sting with bread). 
Our meals were satisfying and the portion sizes were good. 
We will be returning!I brought my family here recently because I had been interested in trying it for a while. I loved that you could get a free "Mix Meze" appetizer just by checking in on Yelp. We enjoyed all six of the items and the waitress kindly brought us as much pita as we asked for. We also ordered the Manti (Turkish ravioli) which I have never had before, it was amazing and probably my favorite dish in the entire meal. The raviolis were great and the yogurt sauce was also amazing. Amongst my family, we ordered the Prime Time Steak, Pan Seared Seabass (or possibly the catch of the day, can't remember), the Kasap Kofte (ground beef patties), Lamb Chops. We all tried bits of everything, the fish dish was amazing. I thought the steak was slightly dry though, and the kasap kofte and lamb chops slightly over done. I wish one of us had ordered a chicken dish. I would come back to try that or the Kushbashi! (filet mignon). For dessert we ordered a baklava and Kunefe. I absolutely LOVED the baklava, it wasn't too sweet but sweet enough. (And I'm pretty picky about the baklava). The kunefe was a little interesting, I have too much of a sweet tooth to have enjoyed that (we described it to each other like shredded wheat and a sweetened mozzarella type cheese). Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. However, the dishes did take a very long time to come out and the main courses also came out at different times which can be difficult with a group of people. I would come back again though!Debating between 3 and 4 stars but giving them the 4 because of the wonderful service and the fact that it's BYOB. 
It was 10:15 on a Friday night and the restaurant door was already locked. I called earlier to ask what time they close and she said the kitchen closes at 11pm. Okay, so I peeped through the window and saw no one inside but I decided to call anyway to see what the deal was. She said they are starting to close the kitchen but will kindly let us in. I felt bad to keep the restaurant open just for me and my boyfriend but honestly I've been banking to try this Turkish restaurant out for awhile so I really didn't feel too bad (*smirk*).
Mix Meze - love, love, love. The acili ezme (spicy red dip) and humus were hands down my favorite. Also comes with unlimited pita bread. 
Lamb Chops - Good, not great. Could've been more flavorful plus in my opinion $28 is a little too pricey for 4 pieces of lamb with some couscous and salad. 
Manti (turkish ravioli) - would not recommend. Way too much oil and I could barely taste the meat. If you really want to try it, I would suggest asking going easy on the oil and make it more spicy/flavorfulAmazing restaurant
Great people, the server was very kind , nice
The food was amazingly testy and fresh, the meat was so juicy and tender.
I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a great quite atmosphere with amazing foodIsot was my introduction to Turkish food and it did not disappoint ! The waitress' suggestions were all DELICIOUS, from the sampler appetizer to the brown rice/isot pepper, tomato wraps.
The customer service exceeded my expectations. I forget my waitress' name but she was very helpful and knew alot about the cuisine. 
Ambiance was quaint and seating areas were clean.
I'll definitely be back !The service is friendly knowledgeable & helpful. The first courses were excellent.
The main course- my chicken kabob had one piece that was mostly stringy the rest were good. My wife main course arrived a long wait after mine. Seafood casserole. It too had chewy parts too much cheese but decent. The chef came out to greet customers - a nice touch. No mint tea?? What Turkish restaurant doesn't have mint tea?For a taste of Turkey in Philadelphia I would absolutely recommend Isot. We were a table of 6. The service was outstanding (call out to our server Julia who was amazing). We sampled many of the appetizers all of which were fanatic. Especially the manti and borek. I had the coban kavurma, which I never tried before, which was amazing! 
I look forward to coming back soon.Stubbled upon this hidden Turkish gem while skimming through Yelp one hungry afternoon. Since we went at an odd time (3pm), we were the only ones at that restaurant. The waiter was SO nice and was very attentive to making our experience here a good one. 
The food was good but it didn't really hit the spot. The Meze platter with warm pita was the only dish I really enjoyed. The other dishes - lamb with yogurt (app) and chicken kabob for dinner were okay but I honestly wasn't a fan of the way the meat tasted. 
Overall, I'm think it's worth checking out at least once! It's a very spacious space and BYOB so great for groups and parties!The service is great. I love the cold meze appetizer plate and the hot lamb dumplings for starters. Also the hot eggplant dish is great, too, forgot the name. I am not so into kebabs, so I usually just eat the appetizers, which are delicious.I had a wonderful meal at Isot and can't wait to return. The decor is lovely and the service is professional. I highly recommend this restaurant.I really wanted to like this place because the maitre'd/server was so lovely. But everything we ordered was either off or straight up terrible. Let me preface by saying before moving to Philly I lived in NYC and NJ my whole life, so I grew up eating tons of Turkish and middle eastern food. I cannot understand how people are giving this place 4-5 stars? Have you never had Turkish food before? 
We ordered the hot hummus, fried calamari, two kinds of Borek, lentil soup, chicken kebab, a side order of bulgur and the Turkish version of lassi (yogurt drink.) Everything fried was so poorly fried it was dripping in oil or dark brown and bitter. Either the temperature of the oil they deep fry in was over-heated or they dropped the items in before the oil was ready so the food just absorbed so much oil that oil was all you tasted. (Seriously how do you screw up fried calamari; it's such a common dish!?) The items that weren't deep fried like the bulgur, yogurt dish, lentil soup or kebabs were either excessively salty (yogurt drink,) or completely under-seasoned. Even the veggies that accompanied the kebabs were greasy... I'm so confused; was there a surplus of oil they had to get rid of? I had to actually send the mixed vegetables Borek back to the kitchen after taking one bite because the oil was just overwhelming. The two things that were decent was the warm hummus and the spinach Borek. For the prices charged, this is really a shame.Excellent, authentic, and unusual Turkish food. Consistently good service across several visits.
Not a good idea for vegetarians: even their (excellent!) bread is cooked in meat.This place is basically a like a click-bait. They advertise a lunch menu on their website and upon arriving (perhaps from afar for the good reviews on yelp), they tell you it no longer exists. Why is it still on the website? They proceed to show you the standard menu which is the 'same' for lunch and dinner. Needless to say the place was completely empty so guessing that isn't a great sign. I just wanted to experience good, authentic food, but disappointed I didn't get to, maybe for the better.Great food, great service. Adana Kebap, cig kofte and künefe (amazing southern Turkish dessert) were delicious. Recommended for fine south eastern Turkish cuisine.I picked this place for a large group of us (faculty and students) coming into town for a conference. Many of my guests had never had Turkish food, so I was very grateful to the owner who was amazing in helping me prepare a menu so they could try a lot of everything. Then, a nor'easter descended upon the region and split our party of travelers in two. The owner was very understanding that we had to cancel our reservation.
Those of us who did make it to Isot, albeit several hours later than planned, had an amazing time. The restaurant itself is absolutely charming, intimate without being cramped with great decor. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Our waiter helped us select an appropriate quantity for the group and made sure the timing of the food gave everybody a chance to try things at a relaxed pace. (In response to an earlier review that said they didn't get enough pita, they certainly kept it coming for us!) We were also offered several complementary dishes that I had not selected for the group - my students got to try even more things!
Six of us tried: mixed meze, cig kofte, manti, ali nazik, karides tava, izot mix for 4, lamb chop platter, chicken kebab, baklava and kunefe. (Yes, it was too much but those leftovers are *mine*.)
Faculty (who already like and know Turkish food) faves: Ali Nazik - beautifully seasoned, tender lamb. Makes me wish I had tried the new beyran (slow cooked lamb soup). The acili eczme was lovely as well. Great kofte, my husband thoroughly enjoyed his lamb chops, but it's the Adana kebabs that will make me come back. Just the right amount of spice and so juicy. Kunefe was gorgeous as well.
Student (new to this) faves: Of the mixed meze, the tzatziki and saksuka disappeared the quickest. We also had fans of ali nazik and karides. From the grill, they most liked the chicken cutlet (super juicy and flavorful), although the grilled lamb and the Adana kebabs also got favorable mentions, the latter even from some who are intimidated by spice. The "kids" weren't crazy about the cig kofte and manti but those are less familiar textures and flavor profiles.
The baklava, though. Wish I have ordered more to go.Fantastic Turkish food. We loved the hot hummus, the manti, the feta and spinach burrekas and the amazing baklava. The service was top notch as well. A lovely experience.I love Mediterranean food and specially Turkish food. It was nice to finally find a good place in Philly. Quality and the taste of the food is great but a little pricy. It is a good idea to order different dishes and share. The Adana kebabı was my favorite.I went there for lunch.. great food, hospitality and very reasonable pricing.. mixed meze plate, mixed grill and adana kebap is great options.. definetely going backThis is probably one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood! The food is the most authentic Turkish cuisine I've seen in the Philadelphia area. Everything is really flavorful, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu that you choose. I encouraged my family who have never tried Turkish food to try the mix plate entree so they could experience everything. There wasn't one thing we ate that we weren't crazy about. The baklava and Turkish coffee is of course phenomenal too. I just wish this place got more attention! The atmosphere is so nice and the service is great, I really hope this hidden gem doesn't stay hidden for too long, they really deserve a booming business.FANTASTIC food, friendly and professional waitresses, nice ambiance. Authentic Turkish. I have visited this place twice already this week,. They serve brunch on weekends, I can't wait to try it!
My new favorite restaurant in PhillyIt's been a very long time since I had this kind of satisfaction from a restaurant experience. 
First, the hostess and the server were extremely nice and friendly, they did nothing but make us feel welcomed. We started with veggie borek and manty which was absolutely delicious. Then we got complimentary cool yogurt soup, sharbet and a board of sample spreads such as hummus, cheese...etc. then for dinner we got chicken and lamb kabobs. It was so much food I was only
Able to eat half of what's on the table. Then we ended it with Turkish tea. At the end of the meal, the chef approached us and we got to thank him for the delicious dinner we had. What an amazing experience. 
I will officially be a regular at Isot!I wanted to love this place, I love a lot of Turkish food. As a veg/pescetarian I give it two stars, although it may be great for meat eaters so I didnt want to downrate em too much. The veg appetizers were quite good. But for hot food, the main dishes were rather weak - an omelette with roasted veggies? A pile of seafood in a flavorless tomato sauce with piled of mozzarella on it? Neither tasted like much and neither showcased many of the great flavors of Turkish food. No Imam Bayildi (such a a lovely dish) Maybe the menu will expand- I'd be happy to come back and try it if so. Best of luck all the sameOne of the best restaurants in Philly. Each dish is delicious in its unique way. Feel very comfortable after the meal.  Service couldn't be better. Highly recommended.Absolutely delicious food. Every item was executed perfectly and there was so much flavor in every bite. Service was excellent too and our waitreess was very attentive. Overall easy 5 stars. This place is Turkish food at it's finest.I used to go to this place almost once or maybe twice a week. It was my favorite place till my last two time there. 
I am writing this review just to bring the owner attention to this matter. 
The last two times I was there, food didn't not taste like it usually taste. Also, my order came out with less meat and the waitress was arguing with me to proof that I was wrong. But, guess what, she was wrong and she came to me apologizing with the rest of the my food.  Adding to that, i was charged 18% gratuity. I don't believe that I should tip them 18% after all this bad service.Enjoyed my dinner here this evening. Food was fresh and delicious. Service was very attentive.Nice authentic Mediterranean food. My father owned two restaurants back in the day and I'm very picky about my kebab! Tasty food, fast and professional service. Will def come back when I'm in PhiliEverything we had was delicious. The eggplant was smoky and perfect, the hot hummus is a must-try, loved the Russian salad and each item on the meze platter was more flavorful and complex than the last.Really fantastic place. Their big family style, shareable, sampler plates are very generously sized. Definitely couldn't finish the whole thing. The staff was super friendly and gave us some free desserts and coffee. I don't live in Philly, but I'll definitely go here next time I visit!Fantastic food. This is a Mediterranean place, so of course the appetizers are out of this world amazing, and then their grilled meats are super juicy and have a wonderful spice. On food alone it is A++. Service is very friendly though not super efficient. Highly recommended.Not sure why this place has such great reviews. The appetizer salads like the hummus and "Russian" salad were supermarket quality or as good I could scrounge up at home. They don't give enough pita for the salad sampler and when asked for more, it was a 20 minute wait for another serving. The meat was dry and unflavored. If you serve lamb chops they better be good otherwise you just ruined a lamb chop... This place ruined the lamb chop. Dessert was just ok. The baklava was nothing special but the other dessert which I can't remember the name of was a this sweet fried cheese thingy which was actually kinda awesome but gives you insta-diabeetus. The service was good and thankfully it was BYOB cause I needed a shot with each piece of meat which gives it the extra star.We got there early for dinner - about 4:00-4:15; not busy yet. Comfortable atmosphere and friendly helpful service (Kate served) Got a visit later near end of meal to see if we were satisfied with everything. Always a nice touch when management checks in. The hot and cold appetizers were excellent as were the entrees and desserts (Baklava & rice pudding) later on. We had Gabi Dagi Salad (excellent) & Lentil soup appetizers & Kasap Kofte and Ali  Nazik (equally wonderful) We'd  certainly return and have no hesitation recommending this restaurant enjoys authentic Mediterranean food.This is a hidden gem a little off South Street. 
Great experience! Amazing food and service! We will definitely be back. BYOB.Much better!  Food and service amazing! 
Ordered salads and kebabs and loved everything along with the wine I brought.Currently the best Turkish food in Philadelphia. Manti (Turkish dumplings) with yogurt and tomato sauce is really good. Kebabs are the best in the city and there are plenty of cold and hot meze options, including many vegetarian ones. Isot Kofte delighted me with how tasty it was. Boreks are very tasty, which spakanopita lovers should definitely try. Some other favorites are the Gavur Dagi salad (mixed salad with walnuts and pomegranate molasses dressing), Ali Nazik (lamb cubes with mashed eggplant), and fried calamari.  Their baklava is one of the best you can find in restaurants. Definitely worth a try. I do go back to this place often. Recommended!Isot is a unique byob experience. The food is unusual in flavor and delicious with a romantic backdrop with small tables and delightful service. We sampled a variety of their apps and entrees all of which were full of flavor and unique. We tried this lovely eggplant dish -- Ali Nasim -- with lamb and yogurt which was full of smokey flavors and subtle spice. The mains we did the beef kabob plates. The protein is accompanied by plenty of carby rice, grilled and charred veggies, and onion parsley salad. It's a great healthy option for a date night! Highly recommend! The byob option is a great perk too.The food here is outstanding. At my first visit to try Turkish food, have to say it became one of my favorite cuisines. This restaurant offers family shared style with very tasteful meats. It is also decorated very authentically  and will make you feel in Turkey.Went on Sat by night with BF. It was a busy night. Food was decent. Great for BYOB. Ordered the mix cold starter, bronzini, and adana kebob. Was pleased with intimate setting.Really, really tasty food that's mostly good for you!  The manti are to die for.Excellent Food, great ambience and courteous staff. Overall experience was awesome. I would recommend Lamb Chops and Lentil Soup along with Kunafa... 
Amazing...Such a great place! It's was so yummy and the staff was so nice and accommodating! First time I've gone, but will definitely be coming back soon!Just discovered this place thanks to the Yelp reviews and had a great meal last night. Shared the mixed appetizers, and had the chicken kebabs and marinated chicken entrees. Both were delicious, as were the side salads and dishes, and the pistachio baklava, which they served with complementary tea. Service was warm and efficient, and it's always great to find a reasonably-priced BYOB with unique flavors and food. We really liked this place and will return.Great food, some of the best Turkish food and good service, cute little restaurant, reminds you of Europe.My wife and I was looking for something different and she found this place on Yelp. Thanks yeloers for recommending this place. I had the mixed plate and my wife had the seafood casserole. Both dishes were really good. Next time we come here, it'll be for brunch.Isot is located on 6th street, just off South near Bainbridge. It is located next to Beau Monde and Bistrot La Minette. Isot is very charming inside and well designed. It is both casual but sophisticated with a modern but simple Mediterranean décor. The floor tiles are really unique and old world.
Isot has been open for 3 months now. Our server was excellent and the owner also greeted us. The entire staff was very pleasant, helpful and attentative. 
The dishes we had were:
*ABUGANNUSH-CHAR BROILED EGGPLANTAND TOMATOES WITH THINLY SLICED GREEN PEPPERS, GARLIC, PARSLEY IN A SPECIAL POMEGRANATE 
* ALINAZIK/ALI KIND -CHAR BROILED EGGPLANT AND GREEN PEPPER IN A YOGURT GARLIC SAUCE TOPPED WITH TENDER PRIME SELECT MEATWITH RED PEPPER SAUCE
* MANTI - TURKISH RAVIOLI STUFFED WITH GROUND BEEF MIX, SERVED IN A SPECIAL STRAINED YOGURT SAUCE
* LAMB CHOPS - GRILLED LAMB CHOPS OVER FETAMAS, AND SAUTÉED SPINACH WITHGARLIC CHIPS.FINISHED WITH HOUSE MADE DEMI GLAZE SAUCE
* ADANA KEBAB
Everything was fantastic and well prepared. The ingredients were high quality and presentation was also very good. There were nice accompaniments on each dish too and the portion size was just right also.
For dessert we had the sampler and the Baklava was the best we ever tasted. Isot imports the pistachio nuts from Turkey. Isot is not inexpensive but not outrageous either; it was about $30.00 a piece for the three of us before tip. We had a lot of food too. Isot is BYOB that also helps keeps the tab down.
4.5 stars - We will be back again as this was truly a stand out meal and restaurant.We dined here based on a recommendation from Yelp and we were not disappointed. Located a couple of blocks south of South St. in a cluster of restaurants, this new Turkish place should get noticed. It's small but you don't feel crowded . We started with the meze  platter --small samplings of the restaurant's cold appetizers including hummus, suksuka, Russian salad (potato salad), a yogurt dip, accili ezme, and abuganoush served with warm pita. Very tasty! Our server was very enthusiastic about the many offerings on the menu but we both settled on kebabs. One chicken and one lamb. The kebabs were served with bulgur rice, a red onion and parsley salad, sautéed mixed vegetables, and roasted tomatoes . The presentation was lovely and colorful with a long green pepper topping off the platter. The kebabs were done perfectly and the sides were fresh and delicious. We saved room for dessert , and we recommend you do as well. We ordered baklava (their specialty) and a Turkish tea. The small pieces were just right and were very good! We will definitely return to Isot to try their many other Turkish delights!We had ordered in from here before and it was pretty solid for delivery so we gave it a shot in person. We're glad we did. Service was superb; the staff was friendly and polite but not too much. We got a comp beverage and amuse Bouche (I'm sure everyone does) and both were great. The hummus was excellent - had almonds and red pepper oil and a nice consistency and great homemade pita. The garlic shrimp dish was unbelievable - the spices were so delicious we poured the leftover sauce on our dumplings. While the dumplings were tender and made with love, they lacked the same flavor the shrimp had. We weren't optimistic about the chicken kabobs because the shrimp set the bar so high but they were tender and well-seasoned with perfectly cooked veggies in the sauce. Topping off the meal was a much lower price than we expected even at a byo. Loved it, will go back.