Service was good. Calamari/jalapeños/carrots were good, but rather greasy. Lava sauce was good.Private party upstairs - terrific buffet: bbq pork sliders, hamburgers, salmon and rice, salad, biscuits, bbq thighs, fruit salad. 
Bar area downstairs: welcoming wood paneling, super large sculling boat above bar, fun large brass fixtures.
Staffing was good. Sincere efforts from wait staff to kitchen staffAwesome setting with a really unique interior and open air dining. 
The menu describes the dishes a bit too well--they are not as good as you might think by reading the description. It is also pretty expensive for the food quality, but I guess that you are paying for the ambiance. 
I had the calamari, described in another review, and found it to be pretty good. It had fried carrot strips I think, in addition to jalapenos and calamari. My spinach salad was pretty basic but not bad at all.Stopped in Sunday afternoon after a freezing visit to ESP, which is across the road. Was packed with (family) brunch/lunchers and peeps carbo-loading after the marathon.
Great cosy, atmosphere in a re-purposed firehouse.
Large plate with a Philly cheesesteak and fries later I was very satisfied. Cheesesteak was great but the (in-house produced) fries really impressed me.
My partner had a salad with chicken. Large portion and the chicken had a lovely smoked flavour. Slightly pricey but the size of the portions made up for that.
Glad we came...see u again.This converted firehouse is so cool!! I love how the restaurant is set up and our waiter was so friendly and attentive :) we stopped here after going to the Eastern State Penitentiary for a quick snack and got a few appetizers. The mussels and the Brussel sprouts were super delicious!!! Def recommend you stop by Jack's after the tours and grab a bite :)Not a great experience. We sat on the patio which was a nice touch on a beautiful day, however the food was not good. My pancakes were incredibly dense and the sausages were fried so long that they resembled taquitos. My partners breakfast quesadilla was not good either and left him feeling queasy. My mojito was also not very good and tasted mainly of club soda. 
The one bright spot of the meal were the biscuits and sour cherries served prior to the arrival of the food. They were in fact very good. Overall I would not recommend this spot to a friend.Bad service and bad food. My boyfriend and I went here for a late lunch early dinner. We love food and to eat out. Not only was the food bad but so was the service. Our waitress was clearly not interested in what we ordered, got our drink orders wrong and didn't offer to exchange for what was actually ordered. On the menu they say they work with local ingredients. There's no way they're doing this and the product advertised on the menu is not what we received. The appetizers came and the soup was cold and clearly frozen not made with local ingredients. When our entree came my crab cake sandwich was so fishy and fell apart instantly. My boyfriend's fish was advertised as a pecan encrusted fish with basil aioli. Not only was the fish not cooked with pecans, but it came with no aioli. My boyfriend had to ask for it on the side. I've never had such a bad meal in Philadelphia.Great service. Interesting building. But the food is mediocre and SERIOUSLY overpriced. It's a tourist trap preying off people going to the E State Pen across the street. The ribs were good, but the pulled pork and other BBQ were subpar, the biscuits were dense and flavorless, and the veggie sides were overlooked and tasteless. $3 coke was an insult. There are many better options within walking distance. Don't waste your money.We went to Jacks on a date night with another couple. We went early evening after work and got a nice table outside. We ordered the BBQ Platter for the four of us. It was plenty of food and it was all very tasty! For $37.95 you get fries, chips, pulled pork, ribs, and I think there was some brisket in there. Very satisfying and hit the spot for all of us! Nice service and a nice atmosphere as well.Recent resident of Fairmount and couldn't ask for a friendlier local restaurant and bar. The bartenders are the friendliest, yet most professional I've met. They have excellent local beers, an endless supply of quality liquors all served in a classy yet rustic setting. The food is good and always served with a smile. The cookies can't be beat and only add to the care with which Jack's treats its customers.Came to Jack's for a surprise birthday dinner. Our waitress was especially patient given that it was a gorgeous Friday night and we took up two large outdoor tables for quite a while because several members of our party were 1+ hours late for the reservation. The food itself was mediocre. The smoked brisket sandwich was very tough and salty and the bread tasted freezer burned. Fries were really good, as was the seitan salad. The complimentary biscuits and cornbread were a nice touch, as were the chocolate chip cookies at the end of our meal. The outdoor space is pretty also. It was a decent spot, but I certainly wouldn't run back for the food.I visited in October. i have to give it 4 stars because of the service. I arrived about 40 minutes before my party and was prepared to sit awkwardly at the bar and drink a beer. The bartender was very polite and actually described the beers I had questions about besides the normal, "Uh....it's an IPA" that you get from most Philly bars. She was sweet and saved me a table outside. The restaurant itself is very inviting. The doors are open and there's just something cool about having a table half outside and half inside. I ordered a burger, it tasted like a burger but it was the little extras that made the meal special. They brought out a little mixture of breads with spreads and even some tiny desserts. I was never looking around for a server and everyone was so sweet. If you want a nice dinner in a cool place with polite servers go here! :)Great Menu, and thats where it ends.  They havent invested a dime into the building, the bathrooms are gross and the place feels sticky.  Then we move the menu.  Looks good, but they cannot execute.  Started with the BBQ sampler.  OMG, smallest portions, cold, and tasted like it was nuked.  The brisket was closer to beef jerkey, the rib was burnt, and the pulled pork was tasteless.  I will give kudos to their bisquits.  Moving on to the Portabello sandwich, we start with a roll so hard you bang a nail, followed by one slice of immature tomato, a slice of cheese, a dollup of pesto (come on guys, spread it on the bread) and two paper thin slices of overly salty portabello. So thin we picked it up and were able to tear it like a napkin.  
Conclusion: this kitchen cannot execute, clearly is not managed properly and the food quality over the years has dropped.  This meal was so bad, words dont do it justice on how bad it was.  Ambience and location only get you so far, this place is dirty, decrepit and old and they have not reinvested into the building, the food or the staff.  SAVE YOUR MONEY, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!I wanted to give this two stars, but the pulled pork kicked it up a notch. Then I wanted to give it four stars, but the service stopped me from doing so. Here's the lowdown:
1) The atmosphere is great.  Love the old firehouse memorabilia and the old-timey saloon feel. It's s nice touch.
2) The food varied. It depends what you get and when you come. We came for a Sunday lunch and the menu was limited.  My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich and I was jealous I didn't order it once I took a bite.  It was smokey and succulent.  Unfortunately, I ordered the pecan crusted catfish sandwich. The fish had no flavor and the bread was so rough and dry, that I had to ask for mayo to salvage it. I definitely don't recommend it.  And the buttercake was so sickeningly sweet, I couldn't take more than one bite.
3) The service was pretty awful. They seemed understaffed and we were the only other party besides a 20 person family reunion, so maybe all the servers were attending to them.  When the party left, however, we seemed to be the only people left in the restaurant, yet we still needed to flail our arms to get attention. Our original server (who took our drink orders) was in a sour mood. After waiting nearly twenty minutes for our drinks, she finally sent another server to our table to take care of us, who was most likely a trainee cause she couldn't answer any questions we had. Refills of water were minimal and my dry sandwich without a drink really made it an unpleasant experience. 
I'd go back for the pulled pork and the bar, but that's it.Toured Eastern Penetentiary and stopped here for lunch.  A cute restaurant housed in a former firehouse.  Loved our apple/pecan salads and crabcakes.  Nice touch to serve complementary biscuits with sour cherries and cookies on the house.So disappointed!  We returned 3 entrees and one appetizer. Waitstaff was a bit overwhelmed as there was a street festival. But there were open tables. 
Best part was the hostess who promptly whisked away our entrees and took them off the bill. 
Escargot was either missing from the shells or so small that we couldn't see them. We would have needed a hammer or some tool to extract anything in there. Returned. 
Steak and crab cake was cooked perfectly but covered in a wine sauce that was over salted and inedible. Returned. 
Pork chop over cooked and dry. Returned. 
Risotto was a flavorless bowl of red mush. Returned. 
We tipped on the full amount of the bill.I thought this was going to be a tourist spot since it was across from the Eastern State Penitentiary museum. I fought my gf claiming that it's going to be over priced and bad food. I'm happy to say, I was definitely wrong! although a little pricey,  the food was amazing and worth every pennie!!
It's Vegan and Vegetarian friendly. A+ Best salad EVER! 
My gf, an annoyingly picky eater, had the steak. when i asked her how it was her reply was "I want to move down here so we can become regulars at this place"
The service was great. I asked the bartender a million questions and he not only always replied with a smile but he was also very knowledgeable about food and drinks 
This place get's a millions likes!!!Two of us stumbled upon this spot while walking around the area on a nice day. We sat outside, our waitress was great and the food was awesome.  We had a couple of drinks and the pork tortilla chips (which were spectacular!) to start. I craved them the next day. Then we had the special of the day, which was fish and chips and a salad.  
Overall, cool bar, nice atmosphere with great service and food!A nice place to duck in for a drink before embracing the cold and going on the tour at Eastern State Penn. My friends greatly enjoyed their bloody marys and I really liked my beer. Nothing special about the place and the bartender wasn't overly friendly.
If you're going on a tour of Eastern State and you've got some time to waste, come to Jack's Firehouse for a pint or 7.I came here after doing a tour of the penitentiary. We were hungry for lunch and Jack's was conveniently located. The inside decor was quirky but fine. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which honestly seemed like it came out of a can. The meat was mushy and there were no large chunks. Also no barbecue sauce provided but it was mushy enough that when you bit into it, juice would pour out. It was the pulled pork equivalent of a sloppy joe. No ranch served here which surprised me. If you order a coke or Diet Coke it comes in a tiny glass bottle, so no refills (and overpriced). They give you corn bread and biscuits before your mail but they were both dry. My sister ordered a side salad with her sandwich and they put it on the same plate. She complained that the salad was warm - not sure if it's because the plate was hot or because they had the whole thing sitting under the warmer. Service was okay but our bills were mixed up when it was time to pay.Good weekend brunch on our way into Eastern State Penitentiary.  Bread plate to start was delicious with their homemade corn muffins, buttermilk biscuits, and banana bread.  The cherry spread was amazing!!  The food took a bit long but the restaurant was crowded so I give the staff lots of credit that our orders were all correct.  The wait staff was great, refilling our drinks and making sure we were happy.  Brunch was delicious and the complimentary chocolate chip and pecan cookies were the perfect sweet treat to end our meal.First of all, I don't understand why other reviews don't mention the fact that warm cookies are served at the end of your meal...for free...without asking...even if you eat at the bar! 
Anyways, I've been here a few times, and haven't had a negative experience. The food is reasonably priced and delicious! The service is not bad either. I only give it four stars because   there's nothing mind-blowing about it. It's just good American pub food.This is one of my favorite restaurants! My favorite is the pecan encrusted catfish sandwich, yum!!! The bartenders are incredible. Eat here!A very happy find, recommended by some locals we had just met. Wonderful Old Fire Station, great ambience, very clean, very gracious wait staff.
Ordered the Roasted Chicken Breast with Bacon Mac & Cheese and Mushroom Sauce. Chicken had a perfectly crisped skin and succulent, moist flavorful flesh. It was surrounded by a tasty dark Mushroom sauce, full of flavor, and rich, with overpowering the entree. The Bacon Mac & Cheese was one of the best I've ever had. Again, the bacon was a piece of the flavor, not dominating, and something else special was in the mix. A very complex flavoring for an otherwise "simple' American Favorite. Guests with me tried the ribs and the pork loin and without providing details, all were greatly satisified.I was in the hood and went here for a spontaneous brunch date a few weekends ago, after having a decent time there once before. It is often crowded, which I took as a good sign, but there was hardly anybody there for brunch. 
Our waitress was cordial enough, though not what I would call friendly. I had to beg for a coffee refill. And my food was beyond disappointing. I ordered one of the specials she told us about, a "salmon, asparagus, and tomato frittata." When it came, it was a plate-sized disc of overcooked egg with nothing in it, with a sparse handful of unseasoned, overcooked salmon, asparagus, and grape tomatoes on top. I'm no chef but I'm pretty sure there's no way that qualifies as a frittata... open faced omelet maybe? And I wouldn't have cared so much about the terminology if it tasted good. Or tasted like anything. I doused it in salt & pepper but didn't finish it. And I always finish my brunch. Thankfully, my date's fries were tasty, though the portabella on her sandwich could have been cooked a little longer. 
It's a great space, aesthetically. But even if the food had been tastier, it still would have been overpriced for what it was. If you're going to go here, definitely don't go for brunch. Go for drinks and fries, maybe. I want to believe that the crowds of people I often see here in the evenings are not collectively delusional.Excellent cheesesteak and pear/goat cheese salad. Eat outside on a nice day!We had mediocre food, and there were a ton of mice.  Told the hostess as we left, and there was no compensation- even as she saw a mouse in distance.  
Called back and luckily got the owner, Mick.  Told him about the issue and all I got in return was a question if I went there a lot.  Really disappointed.Ate here because it's across from Eastern State Penitentiary and had good Yelp reviews. Service was excellent. The starter biscuits with cherry compote, and the little dessert cookies, were clearly scratch-made and excellent. Our salads were great.This was a perfect lunch spot after the art museum. The open air seating faces the Penitentiary and the nearby bar area has a cool vibe with re-purposed firehouse decor. The service was quick and friendly. The complimentary biscuits are fantastic-  warm, fresh, and served with a unique sour cherry compote. They also gave us complimentary pecan choc chip cookies which were also warm and delicious.  We order the pulled pork sandwich and anjou pear salad with feta and champagne dressing with grilled shrimp, both were awesome. Portions were huge, so the prices were very reasonable. 
Would absolutely recommend this place!Friendly bartenders.  Great drinks.  Not too loud.  Comfortable and laid back.  Great place to hangout.This was a last minute decision by myself and fiancé because it was about to pour outside and we were starving. Worst decision ever. This has to be the worst place in the neighborhood. Sorry to say it. We've never been disappointed by a restaurant on Fairmount Ave before. Service was slow, the bread tasted like it was frozen and reheated, my fiancés brisket was soaked in BBQ sauce to hide that it was actually beef jerky from a bag and last but not least we saw a mouse. I get that the front of the restaurant is completely open but.... it was just the icing on the cake.Wow, what a colossal disappointment. The wife and I walked over after a tour at the Eastern State Penitentiary. 
Pros:
Nice atmosphere and nice waitress. That is it.
Cons:
Complimentary Biscuits - Dry
Calamari Appetizer- Super Greasy 
Ribs - Overly Salty and sauce is forgettable. Ate one rib...blecch
Garden Salad & Shrimp App - Bland
Complimentary Cookies - Even these were bad! How do you mess up a COOKIE!!!
Left the server a nice tip because it was not her fault, but would not recommend and would never return. Too many great restaurants in Philly to waste time here@The meal would have been ok if it was opening night for the place.  They tried really hard but nothing seemed to be executed well.  
My chicken would have been delicious if it wasn't raw in the middle. My mac and cheese would have been perfect if it had spent a little more time in the oven or in the pan thickening up.  Even the apple crisp was under cooked!There are few places in this city with such lousy service. It was so hot outside and they didn't even have an umbrella for us. When asked, they promised to move one for us, then continued to ignore us until the server FINALLY came back only to tell us that it had been given to someone else. Service was so bad, I would never come back. Food I guess was okay.We hosted a private event at Jack's Firehouse for around 30 people and everything was seamless. The service, food - both in terms of quantity and quality - were fantastic. Honestly, I don't remember when I've had better service and I have to host private parties pretty regularly. Everyone was thrilled with the experience.
If you have a private event to host, I would absolutely recommend Jack's!Good service,  good drinks, great food. I had the brisket sandwich which was amazing. I had the almond toffee cake for dessert but honestly I'd skip that next time and eat more brisket. We went on a Friday so it was crowded but only a 20 min wait or so. We weren't particular about sitting in or outside but if you have a preference,  get there early.Very good bar menu prices and tasty food.  One of my local favorites.  Try the cheesesteak or pulled pork sandwich.After visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary my husband and I stopped here for lunch, it's apparently an old firehouse (hence the name) with awesome seating along the side and in front of the restaurant, as walk-ins on a clear & sunny day there was obviously no outdoor seating available but she took our name and about 10 minutes later we were seated! We started with a cocktail and the calamari, it was good, I prefer my calamari with jalepeños which is how it was served so that was perf, I also prefer aioli as a dipping sauce over marinara so that was a win too! After the calamari we were given biscuits & mini corn bread muffins with cherries and margarine, I could've passed on this because it ended up being an odd mix, the cherries and sauce were a bit too watery to spread over the biscuits, butter would have been better than the margarine as the biscuits and muffins weren't warm enough to melt it, beside, when it comes down to it, the old saying is "bread and butter" not "bread margarine" For my entree I had the NY Strip with spinach, it was very flavorful and as tender as a strip can and should be, my husband had the buffalo medallions which he said were also very flavorful, our super sweet waitress made sure to let us know that our wait was a little long because my steak had initially been over cooked so they prepared another, many thanks for not sending it out overcooked to see if it would fly, but sadly my husbands medallions (which she suggested medium rare for a temperature) were well done, maybe they sat under a lamp while waiting for my steak?! We were also served complimentary mashed potatoes & collard greens and let-me-tell-you, those greens were SAYING SOMETHING!...in other words, they were freggin' delish and this black girl knows her greens!! I like it here and I look forward to coming back, the food was really good, the service was excellent and with a varietal menu like theirs, I certainly recommend!I've been dying to try Jack's. Whenever I drive down Fairmount Ave, it's always popping off. I love the aesthetic - there's a plethora of outdoor seating and the indoor seating is in an open garage. It's v cool. 
I came here for brunch with a large group. Made a rezzy on Open Table. Thank god they're on open table, am I right? 
The food was decent. I think I ordered wrong. I got the breakfast quesadillas and they were super bland. There was nothing on the menu that sparked my interest, though. (I was looking at the brunch options). I typically get the eggs benny, but the one on their menu had steak filet?! Ugh, not my cup of tea. Also we got butter croissants and corn bread that were complimentary but stale as hell. Bummer. Others in my party really loved their meals, which made me jealous. 
The cocktails were good...they were strong and reasonably priced. The staff was also great. Our waitress was lovely. I will be back definitely, but I'll be ordering something diff. 
Jack's is a neighborhood gem, so if you live in the area I recommend a pop in.Worst $100 meal I have ever had in the city.  Our sides of Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes were cold, the entrees were tiny for mid 20$ entrees and the filet was over cooked and tasteless.  Couldn't tell if the ribs were undercooked or simply not cooked slow enough but could barely get the meat off the bones.  They certainly weren't worth the time invested.
Appetizer was supposed the be brisket but was so heavily flooded in BBQ sauce it could have been lunch meat for all I know.
Only redeeming quality was that the waitress was knowledgable and attentive.
Not sure how they stay in business with so many other better options.After visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary across the street we were trying to find a late lunch (About 3:40ish) and it seemed like everywhere we stopped nearby before Jack's was in a state between "brunch" and "dinner" where they were not serving food. 
This was a lost concept on me. I didn't care about brunch or dinner. We just wanted food because we were starving! Finally we came across Jack's while searching on Yelp. Being from the south, when I saw BBQ I expected a menu consisting of different varieties of meat platters like brisket, ribs, etc. It was a bit different and fancier (tablecloths and all!) but it was nicely decorated and smelled good.
When we walked in to get a table they asked if we had reservations. (Oh crap we thought) But there was an open table and they sat us down. The soup of the day was a shrimp bisque. That was delicious!
Before our delicious (and perfectly cooked) fried calamari  came out, they brought us a complimentary biscuit and cornbread with butter and cherry preserves(?).
My wife got the potato crusted salmon which was really good. I (regrettably did not get the chicken breast with bacon Mac and cheese) got the burger and fries. About an average burger if I'm being honest but I mean that's my fault since there was a full menu of better things. The fries were really good though.
We were too full for dessert, but the server brought us a couple of complimentary chocolate chip-pecan cookies with our check.
Very great service and was highly appreciated.Recent resident of Fairmount and couldn't ask for a friendlier local restaurant and bar. The bartenders are the friendliest, yet most professional I've met. They have excellent local beers, an endless supply of quality liquors all served in a classy yet rustic setting. The food is good and always served with a smile. The cookies can't be beat and only add to the care with which Jack's treats its customers.Jack's is a solid establishment.  This has been a local favorite for many years and I have always relied in this as my 'go-to' first date place & just 'chill-out' place after movies or plays.  
The bartenders are usually friendly enough & the waitstaff are attentive and response to requests.  The food is average--nothing jumps out as spectacular, but that's ok because it consistently delivers on most menu items.
If you haven't gone--give Jack's a try, I'm sure you'll come away a satisfied customer.So sorry Jack but tonight was very disappointing.  Food was mediocre at best...service was not good at all!  My husband ordered his steak Medium Rare and got a raw steak and then the manager was a bit reluctant to take it off the bill!  Atmosphere is nice but that was the only positiveI recently went here on a visit to the city.  The restaurant was cute and had a nice atmosphere along with outdoor seating.  We decided to sit outside and they said they were about to turn the heating lamps on since it was getting chilly.  The lamps were never turned on even when every single table outside complained and asked them to be on.  Additionally, the waiter then PRETENDED to turn on the lamps and when I complained again that it was cold and when he would be turning them on he responded "When my manager thinks its cold enough." Umm it was cold and every table was complaining.  They need to remember that the customer comes first and that if every table is cold maybe you should turn on the lamps.  I would not return here due to their shady attitude about everything.  Every host and server had a different answer about why the lamps were not on and would get the patio full by telling guests they were on.Great place to grab some drinks and a bite to eat on Fairmount Ave in Philadelphia. This place is super conveniently located if you are going to visit Eastern State Peninentary or the Philadelphia Museum of Art. This restaurant is in an old firehouse which was redone and turned into a great space with super high ceilings. The restaurant has no happy hour specials, but the drinks are very reasonably priced. The menu is American food- the BAR menu is WHERE IT'S AT- lots of great sandwiches and appetizers ranging from about $9-$15. I ordered the Pecan Coated Catfish w/Garlic Aioli. To give my honest opinion, the sandwich was a little dry and bland. I felt it needed more moisture, maybe there just wasn't enough garlic aioli, and I felt that the fish needed more seasoning. Even with that said- I would definitely return and would just try something different off the menu. It was super busy when we were there, yet the service was still fast and efficient. I will DEFINITELY RETURN!!!!I have been to Jack's a number of times, mostly to have a drink at the bar and indulge in the ridiculous goodness that is the pulled pork nachos.  I am super picky about pulled pork and jacks may be my favorite in the city.  a potentially awkward first date on derby day went really right when the bar was packed and we took a seat outside.  instead of just munching nachos we decided to have a meal, we shared and our server, i WISH i remembered his name, brought an extra side and was so sweet about us sharing on a busy saturday night.  now, i lived in the south for a decade and the julep, the greens, the pretty night and the hospitality made for a wonderful evening.  and the warm cookies...Had a wonderful dinner here several weeks back with the family. The food was very good. For appetizers we started with the crab cakes with roasted garlic aioli and pickled beets, Jack's wood smoked beef brisket with caramelized onion slaw and the Columbia with jalapeno chips, carrots and hot lava sauce. It was a bit chilly that night so I enjoyed their New England clam chowder soup. Since I am trying to keep my waistline trim we also enjoyed several salads. We had the organic field greens with fire house dressing, jacks BLT Caesar salad and the apple salad with spiced pecans and apple cider vinaigrette. The entrees is where it became interesting, I enjoyed the Rocky Mountain Buffalo with wild spelt and corn and cranberry ragoul, and other entrees that we ordered consisted of filet mignon with whipped potatoes and demi glace, roasted chicken breast with bacon mac and cheese and mushroom sauce, grilled New York strip steak with caramelized onions, sauteed spinach and gorgonzola butter, potato crust Atlantic salmon stuffed with crabmeat and spicy tomato sauce and of course we all had to try Jack's tongue smacking ribs with firehouse fries. Overall the food was excellent although I must say that everything was a little bit hot on the spicy side for my taste buds but my sons totally love the hot spices so they really enjoyed themselves. For dessert the young ladies in my family enjoyed jacks triple layer chocolate fudge cake and the men switched it over a 180° from hot and spicy to totally sweet by enjoying the cheesecake, toffee  crunch butter cake, chocolate hazelnut bread pudding and finally the chocolate chip pecan pie. We had a traffic time and everyone enjoyed themselves. I would highly recommend you give them a try.A friend and I went here for dinner a couple of Friday's ago.  She got the grilled portobella mushroom sandwich and enjoyed it and I enjoyed my apple salad with pecans and champagne vinaigrette.  They give nice sized portions, I took half my salad home with me.  The service is always on point and they are always very accomadating.  
We were in over the summer with a big party, last minute joiners, and they allowed us to move to a bigger table with no issues.I had brunch here a long time ago that was pretty good, but recently on a Saturday night I was unimpressed.  It seemed like there were a lot of regulars so maybe I was missing something.  The bartenders were friendly, and the drafts were pretty good.  The taps are awesome, some kind of old fire canisters.  There weren't very many people there, and it was kind of an interesting crowd, pretty diverse group.  Not sure I'd go back, but its nice that there are a few options in that area of Fairmount.Jack's Firehouse is great.  This is now a tradition for my family and I to eat here after the Philadelphia Marathon.  This IS our post-race meal and drink restaurant.  They serve great drinks and food here.  I recommend starting with the calamari and every entre is fantastic.  I'm a huge fan!Four stars it is for a casual place with consistently good food for like 10 or more years. I find myself in Philly fairly often and have been here 7 or more times ever since Jack was on the food network with Bobby Flay. Today, four of us came in for brunch and had a really great meal. There were some flaws. Food could have been hotter and one guest said the salsa was just OK. Filet Mignon Benedict was VERY good but the egg yolks slipped off the muffins which made for a sloppy presentation. And, the dish was too cool. 
Two meals had awesome breakfast potatoes though. Holy smokes were they good. Likewise for the blueberry pancakes. Omelette and quesadilla was also very good. Chips with pulled pork was super delicious. 
Ambiance and service are very cool. Prices are reasonable too. This is a nice family place that also serves singles and couples. Great neighborhood joint.My husband, son (a Temple student), and I wandered into Jack's today after visiting the Impressionist exhibit at the PMA. We had no expectations, whatsoever, but it was convenient and had attractive outdoor seating. We were delighted with everything about it. The complimentary muffins and biscuits were fresh and delicious, with a tart cherry preserve on the side. My catfish sandwich was perfectly prepared, and the fries were delicious. My sons BBQ platter had him practically purring with delight, and my husband said the smoked-chicken salad sandwich was terrific. I ordered a Virgin Mary, which was flawlessly seasoned. They gave us free iced tea refills, and complimentary cookies (pecan-chocolate chip) at the end. The outdoor terrace was quite pleasant on a hot afternoon. We had a large table to ourselves, but they are set up to be "family-style" picnic tables, which diners might share with strangers. Our service was prompt and cheerful, and the prices were reasonable.Fantastic Philly Cheesesteak! I will be back! The cookies they give you with the check is freaking amazing too! Good and service was outstanding all around! I sat at the bar and had Matt serve me! He was great! I can't wait to come back!!!Sat at the bar with a view out to the street..great people watching!!  Crab cake with lava sauce was divine-- side of fries were good.  Hubs raved about his clam chowder.  Included a side of corn bread with cherries and butter then two small choc chip cookies for dessert.  Two beers...reasonable fun outing!!Walking around the streets with friends, we come across Jack's Firehouse and were drawn to it because of it's firehouse turned restaurant set up right across the Penitentiary. The bar in the center of the restaurant was packed so we asked for a table outside. I ordered a mojito which had a little too much lime and wasn't too enjoyable for me. I also ordered the Portabella sandwich which wasn't too bad, but I guess I expected the buns to be toasted but they weren't. Prices were decent for a bar and grill type of restaurant. Our waitress kept asking us "how does that look?" right when drinks and food came out as oppose to "how does everyone everything taste?" when we got the chance to actually taste it...That was odd to me...but overall, wait staff was attentive. Parking is on the street and they take credit cards. Don't think there was a credit limit. This place was okay... Not sure I'd come here again though...This place is a little dirty. There was stuff floating my water and hair in my food. The food was just ok. I probably wouldn't go back here again.My wife's soup, bean with Ham, was kind of off flavored- not recommended. It was a bit slow. My beer was disappointing but the burger was pretty good. Well done when I ordered medium well.  Good location across from Eastern State penitentiary.The location is great, the place has a look that few can compete with, but I've gotta say, the service is about as poor as I've had anywhere in Philadelphia. I can't begin to explain how many frustrating experiences I've had at jacks, waiting forever to be served a relatively overpriced lager when there's 2-3 other great spots in Fairmount. Food is okay, and if it's a slow night things get better, but safe to say not a favorite place of minePulled pork with chips. Fantastic. Killer brisket and burger. Free biscuits, corn bread and chocolate cookies priceless !!!!
Awesome bar staff.The food is not worth the cost;  The chicken is dry, the breakfast quesadillas are palpable, the bbq isn't the best I've had in the city so I'm astonished by the reviews. The drinks are over priced. Also during the busy season due to their location being across from ESP pay attention to your bill. They charged for extra beverages that we did not order.Came here today with my boyfriend.  We went to the art museum and this was just a short walk away.  He got the Philly cheesesteak with peppers and onions and he was obsessed.  I got the pecan crusted catfish sandwich and that was really good also.  The portions are huge so you definitely get what you pay for.  They bring out yummy biscuits with sour cherries before the meal.  The biscuits were really yummy but I'm allergic to cherries so I couldn't try them but the boyfriend said they were really yummy.  Lastly, they brought out chocolate chip and pecan cookies for a little after meal sweet and they were to die for.  Our waiter was super friendly.  Overall we really enjoyed ourselves and if we're ever in the Philly area again we'll probably be back.First time at Jack's firehouse last night. I had high hopes when I first arrived - it looked like a cool place. However, not only did my waitress spill my own glass of water on my lap, but as we were paying the bill a mouse practically ran over our feet. When we alerted the GM he told us "it happens when they leave the doors open." The food was subpar for the price being charged, our waitress even committed on how 'pathetic' the asparagus on my plate looked. Overall, I was not impressed.Went to Jack's for lunch with a few friends. I had a BBQ pork sandwich and it was okay - certainly nothing to complain about or to write home about, for that matter, but I've been spoiled by a place called Fat Jack's which has the best BBQ in the area. Based on the taste of the food, I would give this place 3 stars but I'm bumping it up to 4 because I like the ambiance and the outdoor seating area is nice and shaded. It was an enjoyable experience overall.We popped by here after a tour at the Eastern State Penitentiary. The bar and drinks are top notch. The food was a bit hit or miss. The black-eyed pea soup was delicious. The side dishes (collard greens, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese) were amazing. The meat-- chicken and catfish-- didn't have much flavor. The chicken was a bit dry and the catfish was supposed to be pecan crusted but tasted more like cornmeal crusted. The cookies and butter cake for dessert were yummy. The chocolate martini was awesome. The best thing we ate were the muffins with sour cherries.Came for brunch, horrible service, i had to get my own menu and we had to go to the waitress to order because she didn't come back to the table.*Brunch review*
This place was great! I went here with my (small) family and it was great! The service was good, the host seated us quickly and brought a corn muffin over right away and asked if he could give it to my daughter (smart man knows how to keep toddlers in restaurants happy), the waitress was really great and accommodating and we got a plate of homemade banana bread / corn muffins with home made blackberry jam while we waited - which DID totally overload us with carbs but my daughter LOVED it and it was all really delicious despite being more food then we needed.
 and the real food we actually ordered was great... well most of it... the scrapple was terrible but I'm pretty sure it would be terrible no matter where I had it... I'm not sure why I even ordered it. But the french toast was among the best I've ever had...
And the blueberry pancakeswere good - not life changing, but no complaints.
Also the bloody mary - oh the bloody mary. I think of myself of a little bit of a connoisseur of bloody marys and the ones at this place were AWESOME. I loved mine, and I only ordered it with well vodka.
I do not know about their dinner type menu as we really were eating brunch food - but the brunch was fantastic!
The price was comparable to what I would expect for this type of food in Buffalo, so I'm assuming it was a little low end of this scale for Philly.
Also, they gave us cookies with the check and I should probably not have eaten them, but they were also very home made and delicious... in the end the carb overload worked out ok because we walked around the penitentiary for hours right after and it kept us from getting too hungry too fast - I would definitely recommend brunch here before doing the ESP!Fun bartenders make this Fairmount fixture a fantastic hangout just about any night of the week. The converted firehouse building and fire related decor gives Jack's a unique atmosphere which invites conversation between strangers. For example, the beer taps are fire extinguishers, and they always have a great selection of local brews pouring from them.
While I'm definitely a fan of this as a bar to drink at, the food sometimes leaves something to be desired. It's been so long since I ate there that I can't realistically give details about this other than everything could be better for the price. I'm a big BBQ fan, but perhaps they need some real firemen on site to smoke the meat better or something. It's just OK. Ditto on brunch. The pancakes I had once were dense. How am I supposed to run out and fight fires after such a heavy breakfast? Thumbs up on the bacon though. It was great.
Overall, on a nice spring day when the massive front doors are open, this is a great place to hang with friends, have fun, and meet some neighbors.This is a cool place right across the street from the penitentiary, but that's about it.  
Our waitress was very kind and attentive; the food was terrible. The biscuits and corn muffins were absolutely leftover from the prior day. My girlfriend and I both got hamburgers that were basically charred bricks of meat. The roll wasn't fresh and the presentation was quite odd - lettuce and tomato just thrown on the side of the plate. Was it a salad or meant for the burger?!
It also took way too long to receive the food, despite being one of four occupied tables in the restaurant on a week night.
My recommendation would be to grab a drink here but that's about it.Had the firehouse burger it was amazing !!!Good place but no pickles.... Wtf !!!!! Outside seating is nice n bar menu was great ohh and there biscuits r aweasomeWent to this place for Fairmount Restaurant Week. Food was absolutely excellent! Service was good and very attentive. Got the BLT Caesar Salad, the Ribs, and Apple Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream for dessert. Everything was delicious, so much so that my facial expressions caused the table next to us to ask what we were eating! For a Restaurant Week deal, portions were extremely generous. Great decor and atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone.The BBQ is hard to beat at Jack's, and for a bite to eat in the Penitentiary area, this place is hard to beat. Keep in mind that the portions are quite large, but everything is delicious. From the complimentary corn muffins and biscuits with delicious, clearly homemade jams to go with right through to the cookies that come with the check, Jack's Firehouse is a great experience.
The prices here are a bit higher than one might expect, but for the area, the flavor, and the portions (not to mention the interesting decorations ie: the crew boat hanging from the ceiling), it really is a good.
Jack's also does a wonderful weekend brunch that I would recommend over any other meal.First time here. Cute concept, a restaurant in an old firehouse, big open doors and outside seating. Had the BLT salad, it was yummy. However, service was super slow and it wasn't all that crowded on a Sunday at 3 pm. It took us 45 minutes from the time we were finished eating to the time we actually got our check, change, and left. I would try this place again, maybe see what it's like at dinner time.Went to Jack's last night for the second time and once again, had a great experience. Because we were part of the Terror Behind the Walls package, you'd expect to be shuffled in and out quick and the prefix menu to be limited at best but once again, they did a fantastic job. Not only do they give you a wonderful meal  that is tasty and very plentiful, they are all so nice there! 
I had the wings and pork loin and the I had the famous Philly Butter Cake as my desert. Yum! After our very relaxing dinner and themed drinks, we were given out tickets to the Penitentiary Event and then PERSONALLY ushered across the street to the main entrance by the Manager! Wow! I sincerely wish I lived closer to Jack's because I would be there often but if you are in town, you gotta check it out! They are running 2 for 2 with me and I highly recommend it.They over charged by $15.00 on a bottle of wine, no AC, food was ok. Service was terrible.This place is cool considering its an old firehouse converted into a restaurant. The food is nothing out of the ordinary. I do recommend their mac n cheese (yes I have an obsession). Our waitress was a bit snobby and the menu is pricey. Enter at your own risk.so disappointed as a resident of fairmount. two bad restaurants on the same street, and i dont know which is worse, jacks or urban saloon.  at least jack's has a good pulled pork sandwich but its not served on a traditional roll!  thats THE ONLY good thing about jacks.. is the pulled pork... lets move on from there...
the service was some of the worst i have ever seen... the plates were DIRTY... I.E. your first clue... you dont want to know whats going on back in the kitchen.  the plates, table cloth, silverware... all dirty... 
went for "brunch" i suppose... they give you these lousy biscuits and muffins.. oh my god, one bite and we all spit them out.. sent them back.. didn't even want them on our table.. dish of watery "marmalade" ... wow.. this was beyond BAD...
a friend got the omelette which was DROWNING in grease, couldn't even eat it.
and the whole time all we wanted was some tea, and we couldnt even get it until we were almost done and ready to leave... the service was INCREDIBLY bad... 
NEVER go here. save your time and money.
it's awful, there's no where good to eat in fairmount :(
if someone can prove me wrong, please do. 
but in the mean time, someone needs to save fairmount from bad food.My friend is a regular here and suggested we meet for a bite once he finished a day of filming some amateur porn parody he's doing for charity.  I figured as long as they had hand soap in the bathroom, sounds good to me.
the food was fairly standard.  pornboy enjoyed his selection - mine was just ok.  filling, but not worth reordering.  apps and biscuits were tasty.  the beer selection on tap was eclectic and satisfying.
the staff were all great, and the vibe is perfect - open, airy, good tunes, variety of seating (and hand soap galore in the bathroom). 
all-in-all, not a bad joint.  I don't make it up this way often when I am in the city.  but when I do in the future, this place will see my ugly mug hanging at the bar, asking my buddy if GILFs Gone Wild 6 was really a smart career move.I don't know Jack.  Which is something I've been told time and time again.  However, I do know that I'm a big fan of Jack's Firehouse.  Conveniently located across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary, Jack's is a cool, laid back place with an interesting menu and great beers.
Sat at the bar and a lovely bartender I'll call "Barbara Ann*" served me.  I call her that because she commented on my t-shirt from California and seeing her blonde hair and glowing tan, I knew she must be a California girl, and she was.  She was delightful from start to finish.
Had a glass of the Philly Pale Ale first...the taps look like old fire extinguishers.  Could that be any cuter?
Then, since it was brunch time, I got a complimentary serving of banana bread,  biscuit and cornbread with a side of sour cherries.  That was excellent and adorably plated (see picture).   For food I had a crab cake sandwich with lava sauce and fries.  Everything was delicious and I cleaned my plate.  For doing so, I was rewarded with a complimentary cookie.  What's better than a free cookie?  Not much, in my book (yeah, I don't get out much).  
Located right off the 7 bus line, this is a great place to end your visit to the prison across the street.
____________________________
* for my younger Yelp friends, that's a Beach Boys song.  If you need to find out who the Beach Boys are, ask your parents.After our terrible experience at McCrossen's, my wife and I walked up a few blocks to Jack's for brunch.  The food is outstanding and the staff goes out of their way to take care of you.  We had the blueberry pancakes and Southern omelet which were both excellent.On one of the first beautiful spring evenings of 2016, my girlfriend and I came to Jack's to break up the mid-week monotony. With the firehouse doors open, even the indoor seating felt as alive and dynamic as the outdoor choices. I ordered the Southern Style BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich, which came with spring mix dressed in a vinaigrette and a side of seasoned fries. The sandwich was delightful, both spicy and sweet without being overpowering in either category. The fries were so delicious that I remember wishing I could order a bucket full. My girlfriend's burger was also seasoned to perfection, and our meals were brought to us promptly by a very polite and enthusiastic waitstaff. When we declined their offer for dessert, our waiter brought us complimentary pecan chocolate chip cookies along with our check. For those of us who want quality food and drinks for their dollar, I cannot recommend Jack's enough.Let me start off my saying these people are RACIST. My boyfriend & I were obviously the only "colored" people here but no conversation was made - compared to ALLL the other parties at the bar. We greeted the bartender friendly and cordially and we were given the cold shoulder our menu and drinks were tossed  and  We were never checked up on to see if we wanted another round etc Disrespectful and I would t recommend this place to Anyone.Ok sorry Jack's...your restaurant is sub par.  When I moved to Fairmount, the report was that this place used to be great (possibly when a different chef ran the show?) but since then, I've heard it has gone down hill.  I really wanted this rumor to be incorrect but unfortunately it was not.  I was there with a date recently and the food and service were just plain bad.  Our waiter had no idea what was on the menu and when asked for details, he basically re-read the menu to us.  Poor guy.  Each course of our meal was...well...just not good.  We were served a salad that had way too much dressing on it, a salmon encrusted mess, and a bowl of pasty risotto.  Oh...the host was great!  Tall guy with a big smile and very accommodating.  And the pre-dinner martini was expertly made by the bartender.  But that doesn't cut it. Sorry Jack's you have to get your sh*t together soon to survive in Fairmount or it's bye-bye for you!Jack's Firehouse isn't a cutesy name of a restaurant - this place was an honest to God Firehouse in Fairmount until the 1950s. It's got a lot of original woodwork going on, and even has the fireman's pole! The atmosphere was perfect for a cold and rainy Sunday morning.
I've only ever done brunch here so I can't comment on the atmosphere in the evening - but I'll bet its a fun place!
We split an appetizer: the Southern Pork Pull with Sweet Corn Chips. The pulled pork was obscenely tasty. We sipped on alcoholic coffees - my Nutty Irishman was okay. (After having a Nutty Irishman in 10Arts how can you go elsewhere, really?) An old school colored bottle was left on our table the whole mean filled with water - which we thought was very convenient and trendy.
We were brought a tray of scones (mmm) and enjoyed the atmosphere while we waited for our entrees. My friends both got Filet Mignon Benedict with Spicy Hollandaise over Biscuits -- and I went for their signature brunch meal -  the Philadelphia Cheesesteak Omelet with Cheddar and Fried Onions. I asked for it to be a little light on the onions. (Hangovers and onions do not mix.) Also ordered a side of scrapple. I was prepared to be very critical, considering Philly Cheesesteaks are something to be cherished, and definitely not messed with. But the omelet tasted exactly what a cheesesteak would taste like if crammed into some eggs. It was delicious! The scrapple was pan fried too, so points for that.
Our waiter was attentive (but not overtly so) and gave us each a delicious chocolate chip & some-sort-of-nut cookie when he brought us our check. We weren't rushed through our meal like some places seem prone to.
I would absolutely go back (even with a not-so-yummy Broccoli Cheddar soup of the day experience one of my fellow diners endured) - and look forward to even trying out Jack's for an actual meal beyond brunch. That pulled pork was too good not to try again.Pros
1 Cool old firehouse, an actual firehouse, how cool is that.
2 Near the Eastern State Penitentiary
3 Open good hours
Cons
1.  Pricey menu entree's, anything with meat in it was  $18-27.  Sometimes folks just want a burger or a decent 12 dollar meal.
2.  The $19 chicken dinner was ok at best but over priced.
3.  The $27 Steak was not good.  It was chewey, the sauce didn't work with it well, and it was a bad combination for the sauce and layers spinach to be in unison.  The meat seemed to either be poor quality or poorly cooked.  
Overall:   I expected a lot for my money but got little.  One of the worst steak meals I've had in so long, I can't remember.I give it 5 stars for amazing atmosphere.  What a great place.  The food was excellent as well.  Though,  the ribs were a little thin on meat and slighty overdone.   The service was prompt and polite.  BUT, I remove 1 star for the piece of 'firehouse' falling from the face of the building almost hitting a lady next to us.  Else, really cool place.  Very reasonable too.I had been to Jack's a few times when I first moved to Fairmount years ago, and I always thought it was so so; if someone wanted to go there I'd be fine with it, but it was never my first choice. 
Fast forward to last summer when I needed a neighborhood spot to host a lunch for about 35-40 people. Not a fan of London, Rembrandt's was booked, how about Jack's? 
I walked in and met with the manager, Mick, and it was nothing but a positive experience from then on out. We sat down and discussed my needs and my [very limited] budget. Mick compromised on a few things I insisted on, but quality was never sacrificed.
Typically large parties/banquets are served in a private space upstairs. I was sad when I saw the space was dark and really separated from the "life" of the restaurant, and no elevator to get there (since it's an old fire station it's more like two flights of stairs). Since two of my guests were elderly and not able to take steep stairs, Mick actually agreed to move my event to the main space which provided a great setting for a beautiful summer day. 
The "reviews" from my guests were overwhelmingly positive, from the service to the atmosphere and of course, the food. I am so happy to have had my event there and would recommend it in a heartbeat.The food has always been great.  I've been here twice.  Make sure you sit outside as the view of Eastern State Penitentiary is beautiful.  The service is hit or miss, but the food is always above average.  They bake their own bread...even for the burger buns.  They bring out bread prior to the entre, once it was cornbread.  They also bring out a small home-baked dessert, free of charge.  Once it was brownies and once it was cookies...still warm from the oven.ABSOLUTELY amazing experience!!! I recently moved with the area with my fiancé so just exploring the different restaurant to go out and eat. Let me just begin with the way this restaurant was designed and that is what attracts people first the way something is presented. Jack's Firehouse is basically a firehouse that was transformed into restaurant. They have a nice sitting area outside which was super cute with the light decor. The staff was so sweet, friendly, and PATIENT! They really make you comfortable by checking up on you if you need anything and I really appreciated that. They care about their customers! So we had their bread biscuits and appetizers which was the spicy calamari and the Shrimp which was complementary! For entree we had the burger and I had the chicken with Mac and cheese and a side of sweet potato and asparagus. Honestly the food was as great as the service! So I highly recommend this place if your looking for a date nightThey are slow like a check from your lawyer. Unless you have 30 minutes to spare pass them onMy boyfriend and I went for dinner on Labor Day and had a great date night. We were given the option of indoor/outdoor and it was such a beautiful night that we opted for the patio. While there isn't any music playing out on the patio, the city ambience is enough in my opinion and not really needed for a dinner where there is enough background noise from the street. 
Our server was lovely and very attentive, making sure our waters were always full (and my wine.) She went over the specials and was very informed on ingredients and helpful with dietary restrictions. We started with the jalapeño calamari, it also has shoe string carrot fries which I thought was a nice touch. Although it is fried, it was still light and great for a summer night. I had the crab cakes which were perfect for the price and serving size and were all crab with barely any filler! I did want a side of collard greens but it is cooked in pork fat, but our server offered me green beans since I wanted a veggie side and they were out of Brussels sprouts (it's not on the menu as a side.) My boyfriend had the chicken breast and it was cooked perfectly and he said the bacon Mac and cheese was his favorite part. Everything was cooked and seasoned and I have no complaints about the evening.
They even give you fresh baked cookies at the end of the meal, which was the perfect ending! I have been here before in the past and every meal keeps me coming back and it is a permanent fixture in my meal rotations and recommendations book!We saw this place - right across the street from the Eastern State Penitentiary. Actually, it was the smell that made us notice this place... in a good way.
After touring the ESP, we had a long drive back to Boston, but decided to eat are late evening meal there before we hit the road.
We wanted to sit outdoors but the only place we found was at the bar.
We were afraid it would be pricey (given the location) - it was not.
I ordered the brisket with spicy fries, and my GF got the pulled pork with regular fries.
I loved what they fixed for me, so did my girlfriend.
(Obviously), the interiors used to be a firehouse. It still has the fireman's pole (??? ;-) in there.
The bartender was a little aloofish, with the required smiles when the food/drink/check arrived, but then she was attentive.
I'd definitely go there again if I was in the neighborhood... and hopefully I'll get a table by the door!When I moved into Fairmount, several friends had mentioned this place and specifically, their brunch. So, naturally, I headed there with my sister and her bf as soon as I could. We were there on a Sunday around noon for brunch, and boy was it packed. After waiting for 15 mins at the bar, we finally got a table. I had a bloody mary, which was great! My sister had a hot apple cider which was also delicious. Unfortunately, the brunch was terrible! Overpriced, cold, and overcooked. The restaurant was packed to the brim with large parties that day, so I'm trying to chalk this one up as just a bad day for the cooks and servers? At least I hope so. I might give this place one more try, but this time maybe for lunch, as I hear they have good BBQ items. I'll come back and review again once I've changed my mind - but for now, no more brunch at the firehouse.The last three visits have been just great! When friends visiting the neighborhood are looking for a place for full dinner that is an easy walk from Brewerytown, I'm at Jack's Firehouse!The chicken salad sandwich is baller. Great interior. Love the biscuits too. Never came here to drink or for dinner but every lunch has been at least above average.Who says you can't go back and find a good restaurant has remained so after a number of years and a new owner?  Our daughter and her husband were visiting and there was a memory of Sunday brunch at Jack's:  The beginning of the meal with delicious breads and the tasty cherry preserves as well as the awesome cookies to end the meal.  My daughter has a great memory and Jack's nailed it - just as remembered.  Plus there were the plentiful portions all well-prepared and delicious.  The Salmon Cake was perfect.  The Southern Omelet with sausage, peppers, and cheddar cheese was great.  The Breakfast Quesadilla was delicious and customized just as requested.  The Smoked BBQ Beef Brisket Sandwich was good, but perhaps a bit too much BBQ sauce to my liking.  The Brisket itself certainly was good.  Of course brunch requires Bloody Marys and/or Mimosas.  Both were at our table and both were great - in particular that spicy "Big Firehouse Bloody Mary."  So if you are visiting Eastern State Penn, the Art Museum, or the Barnes - or just looking for a good restaurant - we would strongly recommend you check out Jacks in Fairmount.This review is based solely on drinks and previous experiences! I don't want to come off as snotty or high maintenance. I've bartended in and around this area for almost 15 years. I've seen a lot of stuff the public doesn't want or need to know about.
The food might be great but the place is really dirty! All the time! I mean the public areas. I can't even imagine what the kitchen or walk ins or any other areas look like behind the scenes!!
Mel has friends visiting Philly this weekend. Agenda......dump them at Eastern State Penitentiary and enjoy the beautiful day with a couple of cold ones!
I suggest Jack's and Mel starts on this rant about having a Bloody Mary there one time and finding bar gook {napkin and garbage) at the bottom of her glass. She goes on to tell me that when she showed the bartender he shrugged his shoulders, said "sorry", and went on with his day. Apparently they didn't even comp the dirty drink. She was really going on and on about how the place was nasty.
Mel, like me, has worked in the restaurant industry, and has a realistic view on what is acceptable in the dining room and bar.
I told her that while disgusting, it's pretty certain that this was a one time thing. I'd always heard the food was good and asked her to try one more time. She reluctantly agreed.
Mel, I love you and never should have doubted you. The place was really nasty. The food must be great because no one would really go into this place during daylight hours after seeing what we saw.
Lets get to it.....
-The beer bottles had mold on the labels. Not a spot. I mean almost completely brown/green from mold.
-The bar top had not been cleaned in hours. There were only three of us at the bar. There were two bartenders working. No one even cleaned the section at which we sat down.
-Mel had a Newcastle bottle {moldy} that was completely skunked. The bartender reluctantly poured her another bottle {into a glass, as this bottle had mold on it as well).
-There was an open, uncapped champagne bottle sitting out warm on the bar rack. 
-i watched a bartender use a bar rag on a wine glass before pouring. Nasty!
-The bar menu had old ketchup on it.
-You name it and it was unclean, and appeared to have remained uncleaned for quite some time.
Needless to say. We got up pretty quickly, paid our tab, and left knowing we are never going back, and neither should you!
I could go on with many other examples but you get the idea. 
On a separate note. i recently wrote a review on a visit to the Down Home Diner. That review was largely about the place not being clean and a mouse running around. Well guess what????? Jack's and Down Home diner are owned by the same guy!
Dear Jack,
Please have your staff clean your restaurants and then keep them clean. You have a great reputation as a chef, but your places are filthy!We walked by and saw a big, open firehouse-turned-pub/restaurant.  There was patio and sidewalk seating and bunch of locals at the large bar in the center of the place.  It's large and airy yet comfortable and cozy.
We were looking for a quick bite before a visit to Eastern State Penitentiary and heard the burgers here were good.
We were surprised when we got a menu with no burgers and entrees ranging $20-30--much more than we planned to spend on a quick bite.  But our server was incredibly accommodating.  She let us see the bar menu, and we ordered sandwiches from the bar ($6-8 each), delicious pecan-crusted catfish on toasted bread with homemade fries.  Our pulled pork appetizer was good, though the tortilla chips seemed too fragile to scoop the meat.  The pork was delicious and tangy.  We also shared gazpacho, which was tasty.  Our server even let us share it and put it in two cups for us.
I would definitely go back for dinner when I'm prepared to make an evening of it and spend more than usual.  And the service, as I said, was incredibly accommodating and friendly.   I'm glad we stayed, instead of balking at the cost and grabbing to-go food at a market.
Good to know: It does get a little loud during busy times due to the high ceilings.I like the location and roomy interior probably more than the food. It wasn't bad or anything, just not exceptional. They have the original Pat's King of Steaks crown in the back room which is worth seeing. Great place to grab a beer if you live in Fairmount.The Good:  Decent location, we found street parking, cool view of Eastern State Pen, the entire front section opens up to the outside, the bread they give you is awesome and you get a little cookie with your bill.
The so-so:  I got catfish with polenta and veggies.  The catfish was pretty good but a shade overcooked and dry.  the polenta was good, but the tomatoes that came with it were too vinegar -y.  My husband had the steak, which he was pretty happy with, but some sections of the steak were overcooked.  The decor is odd - the building itself is very cool but the decor needs some help. 
the Bad:  $7 for a bottle of still Pana was a bit much.  I think our server forgot about us at one point.  Kinda pricey fro what you get.Pretty good Bloody Mary's on a Sunday.
They had a 50's, 60's and 70's mix playing in the background and it was a great hangover cure. Our bartender was awesome when she realized we were there to have a little fun. This place is awkward with the boat hanging, but it has really nice space. I will have to try the food here at some point. Maybe my rating will increase.I've only been here once for the Terror Behind The Walls special and it was a MAD HOUSE.  Absolutely packed.  Still, for $80 a person you got tickets with fast passes and a four course meal.  Pumpkin soup and dessert was amazing!  They served water in glass jugs too which was fun.
If you don't go during a special, you're going to be paying a ton of money for this food, though.  Still, it was worth it for the deal but I wouldn't go back without it.After a long day of adventures that ended with an after hours trip to Eastern State, we smelled an amazing aroma coming across the street. We followed it to Jacks Firehouse. 
After much debating, I settled on the pork loin with sweet potato mash. The meat was very tender and the sweet potatoes were good except that they burned them a bit, so there were some blackened bits in my mashed potatoes. They also served us a family style side of collard greens and mashed potatoes and corn muffins/biscuits with butter and dried cherries. Our waiter also gave us cookies for dessert.
The place is a very laid back and chill atmosphere; however as others have said,  I wasn't over the moon about my food. It was okay. Our server was great; I'd probably return for drinks though!Good food, good amount of outside seating, but the service was very slow. Our server Jackie was nice but it took our food forever to come out. It was around 12p when we stopped in and it didn't seem too crowded. My husband asked for sour cream to go with his breakfast burrito and it never came. Luckily the food made up for the slow service. It's worth a try if you don't mind waiting.Driving by this place on a nice night and trying to make a reservation here on the weekends to see there is absolutely no room, you would think that there was something really special about this place. Maybe there's great food? Maybe there's an amazing atmosphere? Maybe people come to watch the game? Maybe its the local hangout and anchor of Fairmount? One would think it has to be all of these. But no....this place is nothing but a tourist trap.
Dark and slightly depressing decor? CHECK.
Lack of TVs at the bar? CHECK.
Insanely overpriced food? CHECK!!
Now, granted, we came here the Saturday that many people travel for the holidays and during a weird Saturday Eagles game, but this place's idiosyncrasies came out with a vengeance without the throngs of people to cover them up. 
The experience with the wait staff started off nice enough. The hostess was nice and our waiter sounded like he knew what he was talking about and seemed like a nice guy too. But thats where things stopped being so great. Open the menu and you find there are very few things below $22 and many things hitting $30. Ok, its a restaurant in Fairmount and across from the ESP, but no one wants a $30 steak in  a place that feels like an old shed. You may still be trying to defend them; maybe their food is excellent? Uh, no. My girlfriend got the catfish and I got the "potato crusted" salmon. Not only did both just taste like straight up fried, but the main parts of the food (the catfish and salmon) were just simply overpowered by the fried flavor. My dish was especially crazy with what seemed like a metric ton of crab meat and shredded potato encapsulating the salmon like a cocoon. I gave up trying to stomach the crab meat and just tore open the escape pod to get to the salmon. The 4 oz of salmon turned out ok...should have just left it alone guys. The only saving grace was that they threw mashed potatoes and collard greens (without vinegar...?!?) at us for free. Those were the best tasting parts of our meal....but we aren't sure if it was based on them being free or just that they simple enough not to mess up too badly.
The truly insane thing about our visit was how the wait staff couldn't leave us alone, filling up our water at every possible moment! You take 2 sips and someone comes over to fill up your glass. How are they so good at knowing when you "need" more water? THEY STARE AT YOU LIKE THEY ARE POSSESSED. Really very creepy and maybe showing cracks in professionalism. It made us both uncomfortable and rounded out a wholly unimaginably awkward experience.
Here are three points of advice guys....1) Get some TVs in your bar area to maybe attract some more people than the pizza place on the corner during games.....2) Make better food.....3)Lower your prices.....and for good luck, 4) Let your wait staff know how to not creep out your customers, no matter how bored they are. Then maybe this place will be a place worth going to when you're not just looking for food after seeing Al Capone's cell.NO SEATS FOR MIXED FAMILIES! Went on a Saturday evening. The bartender said, talk to the hostess we will see if we can seat you. Hostess says, oh we don't have any seats. We have a big party coming in. - She didn't offer a wait time. There open were seats everywhere inside and out! She said "we don't have any seats for you" . As I look around the I see nothing but white people despite it being in a very diverse area. Okay I get it. We returned later just to see what the place would look like and it was virtually empty. Maybe they had a big party, maybe they were short staffed... Body Language and how you say things speaks volumes. No seats for YOUGreat crab cake sandwich but don't let the term "hot lava" deceive you.. It was not spicy at all. Also the complimentary biscuits, corn bread and chocolate chip cookies are a nice twist.Went to Jack's on a balmy summer night, then got inside.... and nearly FROZE TO DEATH!!!  OMG, the a/c was up entirely too high for that perfect sumer night!!  That's the first thing that stands out in my mind. Second, we must have gone on Old Folks Night because I swear EVERYONE in there was at least 60!!!!  I'm not kidding! I wondered where all the "fly" people I usually saw standing around the restaurant were. Certainly not at Jack's that night!!!
Now to the food. I ordered: Potato Crusted Atlantic Salmon Stuffed with Crabmeat and Spicy Tomato Sauce... and it was DELICIOUS!!!!  I can't quite remember what my bf had, but he enjoyed his food as well.
The place was very cute, but I already knew it would be, because I had visited their website.  I had been dying to try Jack's ever since I saw one of their cooks on the "10!" show making ribs during a cooking segment.
We will definitely visit Jack's again. Just please, Jack's TURN DOWN THAT DAMN A/C!!!  LOlAte at Jack's after touring the Eastern State Penitentiary which is across the street.  Great atmosphere and the service was good.  The brunch menu was varied enough that everyone was happy with their meal.Tried this place out for brunch(best meal of the day) and really enjoyed myself.  I got the blueberry pancakes and the other person I was with got the steak and eggs benedict which was awesome!!!!
They also bring out little muffins and biscuits with the berry dipping sauce before our meals which was so good.  I have read other reviews and they seem so mediocre but I really enjoyed myself.  Our service was was great and the place is nice.  Cant wait to go back!Traveled from out of town and looked for a place to eat on line after visiting Eastern State.  Was a little leery from some of the reviews I read.  Well I am glad I decided to dine here!  I made a reservation on open table  for Sunday Brunch.  We finished our tour and were over an  hour early for our reservation, no problem.  We were shown to a nice table.  We loved the decor, my kids loved the decor! My picky teenager loved his burger as did we all love our food.  I had a crabcake sandwich husband had brisket and my 11yo had pulled pork.  They all wanted to come back again before we went home!  And the cookies at the end were such a nice treat as well.So my friends and I were going to the penitentiary and we thought this place was so cute to come in and eat. We ordered and they brought us out biscuits and cornbread which were okay. We waited an hour and ten minutes before we were all hangry and annoyed and ended up leaving and going next door. The waitress was really nice but it would've made a little bit of a difference if she  apologized that the food was taking long etc. She also was pretty absent and never asked if we wanted refills or anything really. She could've just been having an off day who knows. When we told her we just wanted to leave and pay for our drinks she then said they could freeze the food and when we were done to come back and they could reheat it in the microwave. We were like shocked lol. I know she didn't want us to leave and it wasn't her fault necessarily but none of us ordered anything crazy? Nor was it busy? The waitress apologized a bunch of times but it was not her fault. She said the burger that was ordered was the hold up which burgers don't take over an hour to cook. The place is sooo cute but it was definitely disappointing and we definitely won't be back. Go next door to Urban Saloon instead. Quicker service and friendlier waiters.Beautiful room, friendly wait staff, decent beer list. Most pleasant was the complementary corn muffins, brownie's, and cookies! What a pleasant surprise! They were tasty. The fried calamari was respectable. I would return here to try a full dinner.We went to Jack's on a Tuesday night. We decided to try the tasting menu for dinner. The highlights were the unbelievable barbeque plate - brisket, pulled pork, and ribs. The brisket was probably the best I've ever had. Smoky with a wonderful sauce. For our entrees, we enjoyed venison & buffalo. Two meats I've never tried before, so I don't have much to compare to. Juicy & well cooked. For dessert, we had butter cake and a peanut butter cheesecake. The butter cake was insanely amazing. I would go back JUST for the butter cake! Overall, great time. Service was pleasant, nice wine and liquor selection and cozy atmosphere.I took about 5 steps into this place looking' for a place to eat and the waitress who just moments ago had been amicable with a customer said "can I HELP you, ma'am?" with a completely different tone and then when I asked for a menu she reverted back to friendly professional tone "oh, here you go!" I guess I stepped too far in to the restaurant or she thought I wanted to use the restroom.  It pissed me off so much I wrote a review. If you lime rude and pretentious, this is the place for you.Let me start by saying I've brought family here from out of town several times and have had great service in the past. But the service and food at lunch yesterday with family was disappointing and a tad embarrassing. At my suggestion my sister in law ordered the same entree as me, a salad add salmon.  When the salad was brought to our table I mentioned to the server that the tiny two chunks of salmon had to be a mistake-where was the piece of salmon we were paying for? The server basically ignored me and walked away. Maybe she didn't hear me? The owner was standing next to our table and overhead the conversation and asked if there was a problem. He then defended the worlds tiniest pieces of salmon on both salads and said they were the appropriate size. I said I've ordered this several times at this restaurant and have always had at least 3-4 ounces of salmon-a piece of salmon. He suggested maybe the cuts had been too large before. It's just a shame that he insisted it was the appropriate size. I was tempted to make the one block walk back to my house to get a food scale and show him he was wrong. When it comes to customer service this is not how it's done. If this would have been a random server then I could excuse the disregard for the customer.  The fact that the owner was defending the microscopic addition of protein to our salad as an appropriate serving size was just beyond ridiculous. When the owner walked away not offering to supplement or refund both microscopic pieces we were all speechless and embarrassed on his behalf. Again, it's just compared to any other addition of salmon to a salad that I've had at this restaurant or any restaurant in my life, this Salmon piece (that had obviously fallen of the actual piece of salmon that was intended to be on my salad) was miniscule. 
Please in the future remember your customers.My aunt took me to Jack's for my birthday dinner on a Tuesday night in August.  I'm a firemen so she thought it was a good choice.
We walked in around 7:15pm and almost all the outdoor seating was taken.  If you sit out front your view is of the large stone wall of Eastern State Penitentiary.  There is seating outside along the side of the building also.
We wanted to sit at a table inside because it was a bit noisy out front.  The host seated us immediately.   We walked past the bar to the seating area in the back.  The inside of the engine bay ( main dining room) has very high ceilings and most of the place is finished in hardwood.   All I could think of was what type of trucks had been housed in this building back when it was a real fire house.
Our server came over quickly and took our drink orders.  They don't have a  diverse beer selections but there were a few good choices. I had a Troegs Sunshine Pils and my Aunt had the Walt Whit.  Our server grabbed our drinks quickly and she also gave us some home made biscuts & jam.  The jam was really tasty.
To start off I ordered the Calamari with Jalapeno Chips, Carrots & Hot Lava $9.95.  This app came out so fast.  The portion size was very big.  The Calamari was breaded and fried to a perfect light golden brown.  The  Jalapeno's were spicy and went well with the dish.
For dinner I ordered the NY Strip medium rare and my Aunt got the crab cakes.  After we finished the Calamari I was starting to get full.  Our dinners arrived and I was shocked at how large my steak was.  It was over 1" thick and almost as long as the plate.  The crab cakes were a nice size and didn't have much filler.
I finished the steak much to our servers surprise.  We finished our meals and grabbed one more round of drinks.  As we asked for the check we were given (2) chocolate chip cookies that had just come out of the oven.  I was too full to try them but my aunt gave them the thumbs up.
All in all Jack's was a nice place.  The menu was small but the food was fresh.  They try to buy a lot of their ingrediants from farms in Pennsylvania.  The service was the best I have had in a while A+.  This is not a foodie's spot by any means but I will come back again.A great place for dinner or a night out drinking.  The service is always good, and the bartenders will make you anything you want (within their means) and it will be great.  Good brunch menu, but I prefer their dinner choices.Literally the worst brunch I've ever had! First, the waiter got out drink wrong. He made two lemon drop shots into a "drink". After we said it was wrong he corrected it by making the lemon drop Martini into five "shots.". The wind blew, hit the menu and knocked two of the five shots into my friends lap. Luckily the sun was shining and she dried quick. Next, her drink had major "debris" floating around in the glass. Waiter stated it was Bloody Mary mix. The waiter made her a new drink. Drinkable finally! Next, the app with pulled pork on corn chips was literally a wad of inedible fat piled on top of tortilla chips. Two ingredients. Not edible. Nothing but fat and a few chips. Our Waiter credited our appetizer. We felt terrible. Felt like complainers.
Next we got our "salads" of spinach, apple and feta plus our choice of meat. 30 bucks of food (plus our inedible app and we left hungry.) What kind of salad literally has four ingredients...? Spinach? Apple? Feta? Six dollar shrimp? Soooo.....we paid 100 bucks for brunch including  tip and left hungry. We orderered food at the bar next door. I've never in my life left brunch for 100 dollars  hungry. Yes, we had three drinks each. And even that was wrong and we were still charged for it. This was THE WORST brunch I've ever had in my life! Seven years eating brunch in the city and I spent one hundred dollars for drinks and a plate two plates full  of spinach.
. I would never ever eat here again. We spent 80 dollars plus 20% tip. You should be ashamed! Even the neighbors at the bar next door claimed that they would never eat at your place! Sooooo disappointing! Sorry I don't make money like that to just waste. 
Ps the last time I wrote a negative review I was harassed by the owner....I actually signed back up just to say this!I've always been a fan of Jack's. The drinks (they have Root, which places them high on the list of places I love), the food, the venue- everything is top-notch, which is exactly what you pay for! For everything this place has, it doesn't have affordable dining. The hubby and I split our entrée last time and it was plenty for both of us, so I highly recommend that if you want to eat fine dining at a normal price. 
My friend had her wedding reception here and the back of the main room was great for dancing! The upstairs has plenty of room for banquet dining and of course the restaurant itself has awesome food. I also love the outdoor seating to the side- it's hard to find good outdoor seating (where you're not on the sidewalk and next to the road!)
Special Note: Go in the Fall and enjoy watching the creepy zombies walk around the Eastern State Penitentiary for the haunted tour!We are new home owners in the Fairmount section of Philly. As Foodies, my wife and I were anxious to sample the neighborhoods Best Restaurants thru The help of Yelp's Reviews! One we found Most Enjoyable and a Real Find in our Area is Jack's Fire House! The owner, Mick, just Get's It!! Fabulous Food, Great Service, One Great Host!! We Love It, and Highly Recommend It! It's an Enjoyable Experience each and every time! We're Coming Back, Again and Again!
Happy Locals
So Hip, And even Dog FriendlyTERRIBLE customer service and extremely rude staff/waiters. The restaurant was not accommodating at all with a big party from out of town when the restaurant was completely empty. Never coming back again.This was about the 7th time we went here. The spinach salad with pears was delicious! Service impeccable. Rib appy was 'eh'. The first time we went here, we loved the ribs-amazing!
This time and the last time the ribs weren't tender at all. We'll go back and get the ribs again, fingers crossed. Ribs used to be their specialty.It's been years since I was last at Jack's Firehouse. I somehow remember a more upscale experience in the past. I'm glad it was seemingly more casual as we came here on a whim making reservations en route. We were warmly greeted and seated quickly. The food was first rate and service was professional. Could not have asked for more with complimentary sharing plates brought to the table with dinner. We will be back. The food was great. Really glad we went.These guys are jerks! Wouldn't even give them another chance. Rude servers and expensive drinks that aren't even that good.The bartenders are awesome and really made my experience fun! Good drinks and decent food! The interior is also really unique as it was an old firehouse. I'd go back!I've been here a couple of times for dinner, including their special price-fix meal they do around Halloween in conjunction with Eastern State Penitentiary. Each time I've been really happy with the food I've ordered, but the service has been spotty (I'm guessing this is because it's usually PACKED on a Saturday night). They also seem to run out of items on the menu early on, which is a bummer.
However, their pulled pork is great and the ribs are amazing. The portions are a bit overwhelming, but that just means you get leftovers for lunch the next day! 
The bar downstairs is not conducive to hanging out (it's smack dab in the middle of the busy restaurant and gets LOUD) but they have a great selection of beer. During warmer weather they put tables out on the sidewalk so you can take in the neighborhood and get some fresh air while you imbibe.Came in for brunch today and the customer service was phenomenal. It was a beautiful day so we got an outside seat where our dogs were welcome to sit with us. Servers were very friendly, helpful, and the service was prompt. The menu was very extensive and the servers gave some great tips on the menu. The food was prepared quickly and their peach tea cocktail was excellent. When the food arrived it was amazing. The filet benedict was awesome and came with a side of potato wedges that were perfectly seasoned. We had an all around amazing experience here, we will definitely be back.Delicious ! Went here for brunch before visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary with some friends. It's super convenient because it's located right across the street from ESP. 
Since we were there around 11 we were able to take advantage of their brunch menu, which was awesome. Together we had: filet mignon Benedict, French toast, roasted chicken with bacon Mac and cheese, and the breakfast quesadilla. The bacon Mac and cheese was out of this world, and the chicken was perfectly crispy and moist. 
They also give you a platter of breakfast breads, which are fresh and amazing. The cornbread and banana bread were to die for. 
Their breakfast cocktails are good. I'd definitely suggest visiting.. Perfect for a group of friends wanting good ambiance. I'll definitely go back, probably for dinner.This place deserves more than 3+ stars if only for the excellent staff and cool environment.  Don't waste your $ on the "best wine in PA" from Chadds Ford, though.  You'll find better wine for $7 at your local store.
But the food?... be sure to try the big appetizer platter!  And listen to the specials... they are worth trying.Went there for dinner with the wife and kids. Disappointed as usual. The two girls shared the $15 cheesesteak. When it came it was smaller than I expected for $15. Turns out, that didn't matter cause neither child liked it anyway. Wifey had the chicken dinner, chicken was good but the Mac n cheese was cold and bland. My son loved the pulled pork sandwich and savaged that thing. I had the ribs, which were only OK. I thought back in the day Jack had some kind of BBQ show on the Cooking Network, I was expecting better. 
Wifey also complained about the service. They had to be asked to remove things. 
The one upside? The chocolate chip cookies that came with the check. Maybe the best I've had in years.Dropped by on a Saturday evening to check it out.  Very good food, excellent service.  If you're looking for just a chill place to grab a beer and some good food this is a solid choice!  On my way back right now.What a disappoint - Really slow service and a poor excuse for Southern BBQ that I have ever come across and that's saying a lot in this area.  Will never come back.I have been here to many times to count.  Great food.  Luv the ribs. Any soup you choose is tasty. The blt salad is very good. You'll love the deserts.  Butter cake , cookies mmmm.   Love this place. Dean is a great bartender.I've been here a few times in the past few months and have left happy each time. Food is always good, the service has always been pleasant. My favorite from our last visit was the calamari, it was perfectly tender and the dip was delicious. The outdoor seating and large open front concept make it such a wonderful spot for nice weather. Looking forward to trying out brunch here some time soon!My experience with Jack's Firehouse started when I spoke with the owner to make reservations for a large party. Because of a recent bad experience with Bourbon Blue, I had some questions.  His answers were direct and friendly.  That alone made me excited about going.
Then I arrive 1 minute late.  Literally.  Three members of my party were already there.  I went to the hostess to let her know that I was there and that there were three with me.  I gave my first name to the hostess and *she* said my last name without looking up my reservation.  She was already expecting our arrival.  She was so pleasant and adorable, not to mention professional!  Then she sat us right away.
Our server was Stuart / Stewart.  He was the absolute best!  Despite the fact that members of our party were late and straggled in and that two didn't show, Stuart remained pleasant and professional (unlike, say, our server at Bourbon Blue who displayed their displeasure with our party because members were late and because people didn't show).  Stuart was also incredibly attentive.
Now, on to the most fabulous part: The food! O. M. G....
We started with appetizers: ribs, calamari and pulled pork nachos.  I tasted all three.
-- The calamari was par, but the sauce that came with the calamari was to DIE for!  As a calamari purist, I don't usually do sauce, but not tonight!
-- The ribs smelled DIVINE (unlike, say, Bourbon Blue's shrimp that smelled like garbage).  Jack's ribs tasted even better than they smelled.  One of the folks in our party made "pleasure sounds" the entire time he was eating them.  
--  The pulled pork nachos were INCREDIBLE!!!  My very generous friend gave me a lot of his.  One must try the pulled pork.
Unfortunately, i was stuffed, after eating all the appetizers, and was ready to go to sleep. And then came my potato crusted salmon stuffed with crab.  Three or four of us ordered that one.  I could only take one bite during dinner.  But everyone else who ordered it DEVOURED it!  I ate mine the next day and it was SO incredibly good! 
I had to leave the party early, but the rest of the party stayed another 90 minutes, ordering drinks and dessert and coffee.  That's because Stuart made us feel welcomed and actually asked us if we wanted dessert (unlike, say, our server at Bourbon Blue, who didn't ask us if we wanted dessert or anything else).
So, Jack's earned every bit of four stars from me.  I'd go back time and time and time again.
You should go.FOOD WAS HORRIBLE!!!
We came here for lunch after our first State Penn tour. Location was very convenient (it is right across the street.) They gave us complimentary biscuits. GAG is all I can say. They were so dry! I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was TURRRRIBLE! First of all, it wasn't even pulled pork. My friend said it was more like minced meat. Minced MUSHY meat that was DROWNED in so much VINEGAR and SALT! Do the cooks not taste their own food???!! YUCK! Never in my life have I asked a waiter to take my food away UNTIL I came to Jack's. The waitress was nice and apologized for the gross food and asked if I wanted to order something else. I opted for the burger because my friend had it and it looked good. Burger came and delish it was NOT! It was DRY and the cheese wasn't even melted! The only thing I liked were the fries and salad. I devoured the burger, however, because I was starvin' like marvin and we were almost late for our second State Penn tour. They gave us complimentary chocolate chip cookies with our check. Again, GAG.
My other friend had the calamari with the fried jalapenos and carrots. Pretty good. But not enough to give this place another star. Service was slow, too. Le sigh.
Side note: So after my friends and I finished all of our State Penn tours, we came back to Jack's to tinkle. A couple of us were going to order beers because like most establishments, you're not able to use their potty unless you buy something. All the chairs at the bar were filled, but all the tables were completely empty. For some reason, the hostess had a problem giving us a table because we weren't going to order food. Who cares??? We wanted to order drinks! I've never heard of a restaurant denying a group of people a table because they only wanted to order drinks, ESPECIALLY WHEN WE WERE IN THE BAR AREA! F***in' ridiculous!  They were probably all too damn lazy to clean up another table!
I don't want to give this establishment ONE star, but Yelp says I must. Jack's, you don't deserve any stars. Just an FYI :)Ran here after a freezing morning at Eastern Penitentiary (awesome). TBH we chose this place because it was close and we were too cold to walk any further. This is a room best visited in the evening -lots of dark wood and the blinds are kept closed, shutting out natural light. 
We were greeted warmly and ordered brunch. A complimentary plate with biscuits, corn bread and banana bread with cherry preserves (so good!) was brought right away. The food was quite good, our server was attentive and friendly, and we got free cookies at the end of our meal! it's a pub type resto, but a nice one for sure!One of the worst restaurants I've been to in a very long time. Service was aweful, food was not eatable.Went here with a group for Saturday night dinner. Everything that was ordered tasted ok, with some of the dishes including potatoes and mac & cheese being extremely salty. The roasted chicken was  more pan fried than roasted and a burger that we tried had no real taste and came out well done, even though it was ordered medium.  The main problem with Jack's is that a lot of their dishes are upscale pub food charged at a high price. There's a lot of other better options in the neighborhood to get better food at a much better price.The food is amazing and with a constantly reinvented menu you're never in danger of falling into the "old standard" routine. I had the cream of portabella mushroom soup as an appetizer last time and it floored my tastebuds it was so delicious. Equally delicious was the Waldorf salad. 
Do yourself a favor and don't skip dessert; you'll regret it. 
On warm days they'll open the fire door so that natural light can stream into the restaurant creating a sun-drenched, relaxing ambience that is more at home in Mayberry than the busy streets of Philadelphia. 
Remember to bring a credit card and wear a nice outfit. This place isn't exactly a rib shack.Disgusting. this place couldnt even get the bread right. Im sure I could have thrown the bread at the wall and it would have left a dent on the wooden walls.
i walked in expecting the place to be great because it has a great ambiance, decor and location...boy was I wrong and disappointed.
The tomato bisque soup...was a broth. It was not creamy whatsoever. It just tasted like crab soup and not in a good way. The rib eye was dry and unflavorful. I could only eat it with ketchup and I never do that! I dont know why i didnt just give up on eating it. The side veggies came WAY after the main courses had come and had no taste. Ive had better food at a buffet. The desert was as uneventful as the rest of the meal and I couldnt even eat it.
the only good thing here was the crab cakes.Standard bar menu, historic atmosphere, neat quick place to stop in and grab a drink!I don't think we will be eating there again. six of us ate here and not one of the meals was worth the money we paid. Three of us took the waitresses special of the day recommendation - usually a fair guideline, but it seemed as if the chef was off and someone who did not how to cook stepped in to fill the job. The lamb was tough, the fish was bland, but the seafood appetizers were way too "fishy" if you know what I mean. The mushroom soup was inedible - we sent it back. Even a simple dish like ice cream was half melted and soupy by the time they got it to the table. We were not asked by the wait staff "how was your meal?" as is normal, I think they knew how bad it was.  Then to add insult to injury they automatically added the tip! Just as well for them, because they would not have got one otherwise.Great service and friendly staff.  Made quick seating accommodations for my friend who is in a wheel chair, and the food was great!   Try the spicy french fries they are amazing.Came here on a Friday night, group of 7 total, before plans to head to Eastern State Penitentiary. We already knew it would be busy, especially since it was the Friday before Halloween, though there were many open and available tables. Four of us wanted to order entrees, the other three wanted appetizers. All of us wanted to drink - a LOT. The hostess, however, informed us that we would not be seated unless ALL of us ordered an entree. Needless to say, they lost out on our business. We headed a bit further down the street to Urban Saloon, which was also packed, but accommodated our party in a snap, and with much better service.So disappointed. Had the calamari it was over cooked nothing but fried taste!  The crab cake sandwich was small on a very thick roll so much bread and the special salmon boy was on two huge pieces of toasted bread hardly an salmon or bacon and the toast was so dry !  Quite different then my last experienceI find Jack's to be  hit or miss. 
I've gone and loved everything and other times have found it overly seasoned and dry. I prefer sitting outside in the spring/summer months than inside in the white table clothe area- it just seems odd to me to serve bbq on white table clothes- maybe thats just me.I travel to Philly often, and it is usually my first stop after picking up a car at the airport.  The place really was a firehouse, pole and all.   The specials are usually the way to go.  If you like buffalo and venison, they know how to prepare it, but make sure you follow their recommended degree of doneness.  It is a fine line between tender and tasty as opposed to tough as jerky.  The biscuits with jam are representive of the southern roots, but this is definately not your local diner, the menu is first class and very creative.Went there on Sunday with a party of 6. Service was excellent. Waitress took time to answer questions and even volunteer some inside information that made the experience even better. I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was one of the best I have ever had. My date and another person had the ribs. They were okay but we have all had better. Prices were moderate and beer was great. Would definitely recommend.The decor was fabulous (except the huge tin and neon Kings from Pat's). The meal was spot on and service super friendly. Only negative was that it is a bar restaurant and you cant control who is drinking at the bar even at 2 in the afternoon.I WANT this place to really have an average of 3.5 stars, because it better than you think. 
The place itself looks fabtastic. They have a big open indoor room with tables in the front, a large oval bar in the middle and tables in the back. They also have great outdoor seating with cute hanging lights. 
Food here is definitely All-American. I had this roasted chicken on bacon mac and cheese. The bacon mac and cheese wasn't that great (!) but the chicken was cooked perfectly.  Had an awesome salad with green apples. The service here was also friendly and prompt.
I mean if you were gonna wander by here on a rando summer night for a burger or a salad and a drink you'd be A-okay. Menu is a little pricey for food that is just OK so I'd stick to the bar menu.Really good service, great atmosphere, food decent, prices fair...would returnWhere do I start! Waitress took forever, bread was old and hard, drinks are tiny and pricey, waitress messed up our order and we literally waited for over an hour and still got nothing! Ended up just leaving and going elsewhere after we were told our food would be ready in 20 (after the already hour long wait) but after 30 min and no sign of the waitress with an update.Ate here last night as part of Fright and a Bite with Eastern State Penitentiary. Fantastic food, service location! The electrified chicken with bacon Mac and cheese - delicious. The death by chocolate cake - too die for. Highly recommend!Was here on a Monday afternoon for lunch, so while the place wasn't packed, it was still a decent atmosphere. Our server, cannot remember his name was friendly and attentive. I had the smoked chicken salad sandwich and my boyfriend had the catfish sandwich. He absolutely raved about his sandwich and mine was great too, the smokey flavor really came through giving a different spin on the traditional chicken salad. All in all was an excellent experience. Not sure why this place doesn't have a better rating!I've tried very hard to like Jack's Firehouse.  My last visit was my 4th visit there for lunch/dinner, and as always it was a disappointment.  The food is awful.  Their soups taste over cooked, their sandwiches are dry, and the side salads come undressed.  I had their breaded catfish sandwich today, and it was so incredibly dry I had to remove the fish from the crispy toasted bread.  The pecan pesto might as well not been present.  My previous visit I had the pulled pork as recommended by the waitress, and it was awful and dry as well.  So disappointing.  At least their coffee is tasty.
That said, the wait staff is very friendly, and the drinks are very good.  So go there if you want to grab a drink, but do not go there to eat.I knocked off a star because sit down service is only given a special menu. You can't access the burgers/bar food if you sit down. Their sit down menu is very limited, all heavier meals. It looks like it's trying to hard, with unique items but none of the staple fall-back meals you're used to ordering.
Knocking off another star for serving ribs that are horrendous. Literally taste like my first attempt of making ribs at home, before learning to slow cook them. Their ribs are tough and chewy, nothing like ribs should be. Low quality ribs, prepared poorly.
Another star has to come off for their sickening off-use of the false smoke flavor. Everything has a background smoke flavor that still manages to be overbearing. It's from the use of a fake smoke liquid additive called "liquid smoke." No restaurant should be using that garbage, let alone one with "firehouse in the name."
Knocking off another star for over-frying everything. Their calamari...had no calamari to taste. It was all tiny pieces with a 5:1 fried batter ratio. They also added tons of fried filler (carrots, etc) to the app to increase profit margins further. Another example of cheaping out on the meats.
Adding a star for their salad. Had a chopped salad with pear slices in it. It was great. Based upon the low quality of meats, and great salads, I'd suspect the chef is a vegetarian.
Service was average, maybe a hair slow. Beer selection was adequate. I'd only suggest this place if you're sitting at the bar. It seems like a nice bar, trying to expand itself into a restaurant by force.Do not walk into this place without expecting to pay, pay, pay out the ASS for nothing special.  EXPENSIVE!!!  You have been warned.This is more of a restaurant than a bar. We popped in at around 1130 on Friday and the whole back was dark, and they were taking in the outside tables.  The place closest at 1.  The beer list was small and unimpressive. 
The bartender was really nice,  although it took almost 10 minutes to wait for him to come back to the unmanned bar for us to order our first drinks.Good bar service, cold expensive food. We had a couple local beers, which were great, as were the friendly bar tenders. However, for $10.95, the crab cake starter offered  only a single hockey-puck-sized crab cake that was luke-warm in the middle, and accompanied by just a few leaves of a sad beet salad. The New England clam chowder was around $8 & had good flavor but was thin & luke-warm as well. We stopped here after visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary because, frankly, it was directly across the street & I had to pee. It would be worthwhile to walk a bit farther and get more bang for your buck.This place is gorgeous and the unique decor drew us in. Although noisey it still retains a cozy feeling. It must be a wonderful place to drink and socialize, but we found the food lacking. Three of us has sandwiches and each one had dry, stale tasting bread. Although the food sounded great on the menu, we found it tasteless. A huge disappointment. To be fair, other friends are there, but not sandwiches and said their food was good.Stopped in for late afternoon beer after a tough day at the office.  Pint glass not clean to start.  Then saw a mouse run across the front dining area.  Unfortunately I had already eaten.  I worked in pest control as a technical expert for 7 years and was licensed in 5 states.  When a mouse runs around an open area brazenly in the daylight hours, there's a major issue.  Yes it's an old building but you can rodent-proof anything if you try.  4/23/2014 update - Had not been back to Jack's since 1/26/2014.  Stopped in there today.  Bartender and waitress were awesome as always.  Cute too.....anyway I digress.  Waitress was milling around the front seating area so I knew something was up.  A few minutes later a more than healthy mouse or small rat almost ran across my feet.  I had to lift them up so it could pass under me.  Again, I had already eaten thankfully.  We moved to the bar.  Two guys, the rodent patrol, came out from the kitchen and one coners the rodent and stomps it to death as it squeals its last breaths.  The excuse repeated over and over was that these little guys wander over from the prison.  As I said earlier, I was a technical expert in pest control.  Here is what I know about mice.  They rarely wander more than 25 feet from their nest.  So no, that bastard lives in Jack's.  Based on how fat it was, he's eating at Jack's too.  They don't live in the prison.  There's no food there.  And they normally don't go around during the day when there are people around because they are generally very shy.  When you see them during the day, that means there are many of them in the immediate area.  This place is totally a health hazard.  No sign of any professional pest control efforts anywhere except the mouse stomper.  Do not go here.  Oh and btw, no break on the check either.  No apology either.Thank you to the staff at Jack's Firehouse! I went there with my family on July 4, 2015. I am from CA so we had no idea what to eat and where to go. We found you on Yelp and after we took a look a 2 other places on Fairmount that did not fit our needs we were happy to find this place. This find, the old prison across the street and being here in Philly on our country's BDay were the highlights! Food was great! Started with the brisket and it was dynamite. We wish they had an entree with it. We went to the entree and had the ribs for one of our party and the chick, mac and cheese for the other 2. Darn, it was all great! I washed it down with an IPA and we were so happy. Cannot believe this place rates just 3 stars. Thanks again!Food was fantastic, atmosphere was serene and upscale, our service was exemplary, shout out to Stewart, who provided us with excellent attention. I never got to the bottom of my water glass, because he was so attentive! Would recommend this place to anyone, I had a great time.Another beautiful day in the neighborhood! My man friend was in search for a refreshing beer on this beautiful Saturday but instead I indulged in The Big Firehouse Bloody Mary ...The most refreshing Bloody Mary since visiting dear Miss Shirley  in Baltimore! 
This was my first experience at Jacks  (i have been back since) but I was disappointed with their specialty... BBQ.. Me & my man friend decided to split the BBQ Platter Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork & Ribs. Fries were the best thing on that platter. Seasoned & crispy. The BBQ sauce was delish & they served just about enough on the platter for dipping the fries in. The meat was very dry. Now I don't know much  about how "Smoked" BBQ is supposed to taste - Maybe it is supposed to be kinda of dry - But for me I need a great big side of BBQ sauce if that's the case!
A few weeks ago my sister came down and heard great things (As I have I both before & after my first experience) about Jack's Firehouse so I gave it another try. Pulled pork BBQ sandwich was anything BUT DRY! Smothered in BBQ & the bun complimented it perfectly. 
Another posted Bloody Mary as well. For my 2 year old niece they made her fresh lemonade (half water:)) & Mac&Cheese pleased her tummy!
I will be back Jack! Heard you have a great HH!I am originally from the south and it breaks my heart to not have decent BBQ, sweet tea and etc. This place is not that bad. I went there for lunch. I tried the pulled pork sandwich and the brisket sandwich. Both of them were really good, however the brisket was more difficult to eat. The biscuits were very hard, which is not what I am accustomed to. The corn bread was very tasty. To finish your lunch, they offer complimentary chocolate chip cookies. The only thing that was missing was good ol' sweet tea. Other than that I would say try it out.This place gets five stars because during my first visit here this past summer, their bartender saw I was from Massachusetts (and apparently I said something funny) and started going off with a Boston accent impression, topped off with copious amounts of "wickeddd" thrown in for good measure. I was thoroughly amused, and got a huge laugh out of it. Not only that, the drinks were reasonably priced, the outdoor seating area was beautiful, and unbeknownst to me, they serve a full menu here as well. I know where I'm coming back on my next adventure down to Philly!went with friends to celebrate a birthday:   food above average, not extraordinary but nicely done; service (Alex -- excellent);   requests to bar for less ice because of having had oral surgery---totally ignored---that was only 1 person out of 6.  Didn't ask for obscure drinks, only what was on their menu.
How hard is it not to fill a glass 5/6 full with ice after multiple requests, duh
next time I'm going to Rembrandt's or the London, where they do pay attention to what you ask for,; paid for a lot @ Jack's----GOT LITTLE; probably would have had more drinks & desert  if simple initial requests had been satisfied.
300% mark-up on alcohol; , with an over $300.00 bill  for us, they could have made more from our party than they did, had we stayed for dessert & coffee  
 I encouraged everyone to go somewhere else for dessert & after meal drinks; maybe loss of income will make bar honor simple request, so hope loss of money motivates them to listen to what customers ask forMatt and Lauren behind the bar are awesome.  They make great drinks and great conversation.  Very entertaining and the reason why my roomate and I will frequent this bar often.
Food here is delicious as well, the ribs are unreal, the brisket is amazing, and the pulled pork melts in your mouth.
I'd definitely recommend this to anyone in the area for the atmosphere, great food and drinks, and awesome service.If it was not for the good service, this would be a 0 star review. 
I came here with my girlfriend on Memorial Day for lunch and we were both profoundly dissatisfied with our food. We got the pulled pork with corn chip starter which included partially stale chips and pulled Pork that was over sauced and under seasoned. 
The "fresh" bread that comes out complimentary was stale and the butter along side was frozen solid.
I got the catfish sandwich which was utterly tasteless and most likely frozen. It was accompanied by an undressed salad that partially spoiled. The fries were the only eatable item on the plate.
My girlfriends crab cake sandwich was cold in the center, not formed properly, crumbled apart instantly and was very bland.
Needless to say, we will never be back to eat at jack's firehouse ever again. It is unfortunate that tourists in the area visiting the penitentiary pour into this restaurant because of the proximity, but there are many significantly better options just minutes away.I went this afternoon with my Wharton friends. Food was really good, specially everything prepared with meat ....just delicious. Food prepared with chicken ...not so much.......but the grilled jumbo shrimps...just ut of this world AMAZING.
I totally recommend this placeAn old converted firehouse right across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary.
Even with the front open to the street and on one of the hottest days (Thursday June 27) it was nice and cool towards the back. Philly Cheesesteak was excellent. Our waiter was great. The setting inside the firehouse with white tablecloths is perfect. If you take the tour of Eastern State Penitentiary, do yourself a favor and have lunch or dinner here!I'm a sucker for good barbecue and this place didn't disappoint. I have the beef brisket and it was smokey and very flavorful.Gone there for dinner, brunch, & lunch.  This place has awesome food.  The crab sandwich to die for, the steak sandwich YUMM... dinner was excellent.   Recommend.  Wish they would have the ac on on hot days though...The quality varies (I've had an awesome brunches and mediocre dinners there), but the prices are always very high.Consistently amazing food and service. I have been here about 4 or 5x. Plus the ambiance and history of the building make for an even more exciting time!Great brunch in Philadelphia near the penitentiary. The food is American, lots of options for meat eaters. There are a few salads and fish/seafood options. I ordered the crab cake sandwich with a salad and a glass of wine - delish.
The restaurant is located in a former firehouse, fun atmosphere. You can see the old firehouse poles and the garage door where fire trucks at one time exited. 
Meals are reasonably priced between $15-$25. Drinks are comparably priced $6-$12.
The staff is friendly and efficient. Complimentary biscuits are offered as an appetizer and pecan chocolate chip cookies end the meal.Jack's has a great feel to it. They're more unique than your average American restaurant. But, meal wise? It's a lot of "good, not great." I never find myself leaving really disappointed, but I always feel like I wanted more. Liquor selection is great though. High end bourbons and whiskeys by the glass.
During nice weather, they have great outdoor seating to sit and enjoy Fairmount Ave. 
It's about 3.5 stars, but I'll bump em to 4.The place itself is cool... it's a 19th century firehouse that was converted into a restaurant.. however the food and service aren't that great. I came here around brunch/lunch time. I had the french toast which was mediocre at best. A piece of the bread seemed kind of stale and the fruit tasted weird, almost as if it had picked up the flavor of something else in the kitchen, and don't get me started on the bacon. I have no idea how a person can manage to make someone not want to eat bacon but they pulled it off (pretty sure it was microwaved or reheated). Since it's right across the street from ESP and close to the museum I feel like a lot of people gravitate towards this place for lunch/dinner so it's usually packed (especially during the warmer months for the outdoor area) but I wouldn't suggest waiting to eat here because I honestly don't think it'd be worth the waitHonestly, I'm pretty bummed out right about now, Jack's. My mom wanted to walk around my soon-to-be new neighborhood earlier today, and since it was around lunchtime, I thought this was a safe bet for a food-intro to Fairmount. I'd never heard anything bad about the place. Guess there's a first for everything.
We walked in and there were a couple empty tables, though some people were seated outside, and it sounded like it was busy upstairs. The hostess brought us to a table in the back where it was a bit more dark and not as lively. And there we sat -- completely ignored -- for nearly 20 minutes, during which time I watched as servers engaged with the other tables on a few occasions but never looked our way once. Clearly, we didn't belong to anyone.
I was noticing my mom becoming increasingly agitated so I got up and nicely asked the hostess if a server was assigned to our table, as we had been ready to order for quite awhile and would like water. She was flustered (but apologetic) and grabbed someone who was working the front area. He took our order and brought out some dry biscuits that I really didn't like and some cornbread that my mom did indeed like.
From there, we waited for quite awhile, to the point that I was wondering yet again if we were actually getting food. I wasn't sure if the person who had been pulled to our rescue was actually our server or someone who was buying time until our server arrived... but, as it turned out, he *was* our server. Okay, then. Anyway. So I ordered the roast chicken with bacon mac and cheese, because that sounded right up my alley. My mom ordered the crab cake platter.
I dug into the bacon mac and cheese first, but was so disappointed. All that waiting... for that? Seriously? That was THE most boring mac and cheese I've ever had. Truly. And the roast chicken wasn't much better. As for my mom, the bottom of her crab cakes were burnt, and she really didn't like the taste, either. She said they had a strange spice in them.
All in all: incredibly disappointing, and I'm not sure that I'll make an effort to go back to Jack's unless I'm with a group that really wants to go there, or in a circumstance to that nature. What a shame!My first visit to Jack's was for brunch. First of all, our group of five arrived around 11:45  and didn't have to wait for a table. Major points there.  Our server was very attentive, quick to recommend more drinks and explain menu items, without being overbearing.  For drinks I had their spiked warm apple cider and a mimosa.  The cider was really good and the mimosa was more champagne than OJ (the way it should be). 
Foodwise, they greet you with a bread plate:bite-sized corn muffins, banana bread and delicious biscuits. We then went with their shrimp and grits special as an appetizer.  Grits were creamy, collards were well seasoned and the sauce was just the right amount of spicy.  I shared the filet mignon benedict and the french toast with a friend.  Both were spot on.  The steak was so tender, I cut it with my fork.  The eggs were a little overpoached, but could just be my taste.  The french toast was huge and really delicious.  I loved the house butter they served it with. At check time, they bring you a plate of chocolate chip pecan cookies as "a parting gift." Such a nice touch!
Four stars are more a credit to their service than their food, though I was not disappointed by the latter by any means. I would definitely go back again.Had dinner here as part of a package with terror behind the walls at eastern state penitentiary. Dinner was a 3 course prix fix dinner.   Started off with the pulled pork and chips.  Delicious except for the imitation Doritos.   Tasted some wings and they were tasty too.  For a main I had the ribs. Not very good.  Others in my group had the chicken and they said it was very good. My ribs were kind of weird some parts dry, tough and stringy other parts were ok. Not crazy about the BBQ sauce they were drowned in.  Was not a fan.  The fries were fresh cut but way too much salt.  The sides of collard greens were tasty.  Desert was a flourless chocolate cake that I didn't care for.  All in all it was ok but would come here again except as prt of the terror behind the walls package.Food is subpar and the service was awful. Plenty of other better options in the area.Cajun shrimp is unbelievable! Fresh cornbread and biscuits with butter and cherries were delivered to our table shortly after our arrival. Delicious! Try the featured strawberry drink....champagne, vodka, and fresh puréed strawberries. So glad I stumbled across this place!!! Excellent service, too!Came to Jack's for a lunch/early dinner.  Seating outside was nice and refreshing.  The food was alright for my taste, nothing special.  The service was excellent, the waitress we had was very attentive and her suggestions were right on.  The food was a bit pricey but you're really paying for the quantity they serve not the quality.  It's a nice spot if you're visiting the penitentiary as it is right across the street and it is free parking!Stopped here for lunch after a Sunday morning visit to the museum across the street. Seated near the firehouse garage doors we had the feel of being outside with the benefit of being under cover. Staff was very attentive and the food was great,  complimentary assorted breads and cookies after the meal were a very nice touch. We'll go back any time we are in the area. Convenient to the Phila Art Museum and other cultural attractions.My first time at Jack's was pretty decent. It was a friday night around 8pm and we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Not too bad. However, while waiting for said table, someone bumped into me...a pizza delivery guy!! Yes, a couple at the bar ordered pizza, while at the restaurant. Now, not only was I judging the people who ordered the pizza (how rude!), I also started judging the food at the restaurant. I mean was the food there terrible, and the people at the bar were forced to order pizza? Eeek.
Once we got sat, the waiter was very polite and nice. He offered us biscuits and a cornbread muffin. Tasty. 
The dinner menu was pretty limited. They had only about 6 appetizers (nothing really that stood out) and 5 salads and 6 entrees. Feeling so limited, I stuck with a salad for the evening (with an appetizer of calamari).
The portions were a great size. Made me feel like I was getting my moneys worth! Tasty calamari with a great aioli sauce, and my spinach salad was awesome with lots of feta cheese. 
To end the meal, our waiter surprised us with warm chocolate chip cookies. It was such a cute and surprising gesture! The cookies won this place a 4 star review ;)Ok so I'll start with the good. Cute decor, nice outdoor seating, good location, and fresh baked bread, good service.
I really wanted to love this place but the food was eh. Went for brunch. Had a Bellini which was decent, the bread basket was nice. Corn bread, biscuits and banana bread w sour cherries and butter. Mmm now for the food we ordered. Pulled pork "nachos" I think. The pork was good, the nachos were greasy and overly spiced. Not a fan.
I got a brisket sandwich but it was waaaay too smokey for me, tasted like liquid smoke. Couldn't eat it.
Good service. But really disappointing meal.Not really memorable.  The building itself is pretty cool... any place that dares to hang a boat from the ceiling gets props from me... but the food... not amazing enough for the price.We went to Jack's this weekend for a Bachelorette Party night out and had a phenomenal time. The bartenders were all amazing, and made sure we had everything we needed to have a great time. This place had a great atmosphere. Would definitely recommend Jack's for either casual drinks or a bigger night out.Okay, this is a weird one!! Went there, this evening and there was no outside seating? 2 tables empty outside and plenty of room on the side patio. So we were seated at the first table at the entrance. 10mins later no one had come to greet us
And ask of we wanted something to drink or even, think about it, eat? Got up and left. Horrible service this evening!!! Won't return. Went to a better place called Rembrandts right around the corner. Friendly, fast service, and food is good.My husband and I joined my mother and father at Jack's Firehouse for brunch for Mothers' Day after seeing their Mother's Day brunch availability on opentable.com.  Having previously lived in Fairmount, Jack's was a fond memory of a neighborhood gem and my husband and I were excited to return.  My husband fell in love years ago over "the best Kobe steak he has ever had in his life".
Not having been there in several years, I was hopeful that it lived up to my memory.  Walking the wonderful neighborhood of Fairmount (and aching to move back), we rounded the corner of Fairmount Ave. to see Jack's doors open to let in the absolutely stunning weather.  My husband and I later both agreed, it seemed smaller for some reason, but still very charming.  The outdoor seating couldn't have made us a happier bunch and we were surrounded by lovely families also enjoying Mothers' Day.
Service by our young waitress left a bit to be desired, although I think the number of tables that she was waiting multiplied when the lovely weather allowed outside seating to be added so I will cut her a break.  A complete set of water glasses did not arrive until after asking twice and tea & coffee refills were hard to come by.  
The drinks were beautifully presented, although I think a bit weak.  
The food... ah the food.  I think this was the best brunch buffet I have ever had.  The woman at the salad station whipped up a delicious starter.  I then returned for some pastries (homemade and delicious!) and some of the hot selections.  Then... I went back yet again to the carving station where they were slicing up roast beef, turkey and lamb.  Under the carver's suggestion, I sampled the lamb and was VERY glad I did.  The best lamb I have ever had, rubbed with a delicious seasoning and cooked to tender perfection.  After all of this food, I was satisfied... but could not resist going in for one more plate (oink oink) to try the toffee crunch butter cake that my mother was raving about.  Heaven!
Jack's Firehouse you did not disappoint!The Foodie's show spotlight Jack's FireHouse a couple of weekends ago so after driving around for a place for a impromptu nice mid week dinner, my boyfriend said ""Hey, isn't that the place from that TV show?"
After hunting for parking, we checked it out.
It was still a bit damp out so sidewalk sitting was out.  There was plenty of room inside anyway.
The server was very polite & seated us quickly. He listed the specials for the day, each sounded yummy. Then he took are drink orders while we looked at the menu.   So much is cooked with & served with pork, we kind of hmm on whether or not some dishes could be made pork free. A quick debate ensued at the table then the server came back.  As he listened patiently to our issue, (and neither me or my boo wanted to just eat appetizers, hungry as we were)the server assured us he'd the cook could 86 the pork for our orders. 
Him-BLT-minus the B-salad & a the NY Strip medium rare.  Me-New England clam chowder (it's been years since I had a good calm chowder) & the chicken with a mac & cheese.
The salad was big & fresh, as in "Is there a garden out back?" type of fresh.  The chowder was really good.
Then our main dishes came out.  As the server sat the plates in front of us, we started to wonder if we'd finish. Wow, it was a lot of food. The steak was 'perfect' & repeated "this is great" between bits, I knew he was happy.   The chicken was so moist I didn't need to cut it with a knife.  The mac & cheese was very lightly baked to cheesy perfection.
Stuffed full of food & agreeing that dessert might do us in, we were about to waddle out when the owner of the restaurant came over to our table.  We told him that we saw Jack's on the Foodies show & we were glad we stop by because the food was great.  As he explained that all the ingredients were local & freshly prepared to order, he told us the desserts are all made fresh in the morning.  He talked us into a little bit of the peanut butter pie, lol!!! It was great but we were stuffed to gills & just wanted to sleep.
Our server was great-didn't hover, infallibility polite & he seemed to know just when we needed him.
We eatting there again real soon. And this time, we're having a full dessert.We saw a show at World Café Live in June 2017 and went to Jack's for dinner afterwards. Super Cool vintage interior converted from an actual firehouse. Large, garage doors open the entire entrance way up to the street. Big bar at the front of the house, with plenty of table seating in the rear. We arrived at 5:15PM on a Sunday afternoon with no reservation and were seated immediately. I noticed an Old Fashioned Bowl Of Matches with the Jack's logo sitting on the Maître D station; also very cool & ironic.
 Fried Calamari & Jalapenos were good & spicy. They were Crispy on the outside & tender on the inside. I had the fried catfish with black bean salsa. The catfish was OK, while the salsa was terrific.
 Diane had a nice,dry glass of the house chardonnay. She enjoyed her salmon stuffed with crab meat very much. We finished with an AWESOME chocolate/pecan pie. It was SCRUMPTIOUS and approximately ONE BILLION Calories!
 Our waitress Danielle explained that the GIANT Metal Crown hanging on the wall was from the Original "Pat's King Of Steaks" in South Philly!Great food, great service, cool atmosphere! We sat outside along the side of the building and were able to order off of the bar menu.  Get the mussels & the pulled pork appetizer to start.  They have a decent wine selection- a little expensive by the bottle though (Mark West Pinot Noir, $45/bottle when you can buy a bottle at the liquor store for $9; I would have paid $25 which is still a high mark up, but not $45) My friend loved his baby back ribs!Horrible service. Waited at the bar on a dead Sunday afternoon for 20 minutes while the bartender ignored us and mingled with other patrons at the bar.The food wasnt what I expected  but it was ok.the waiters were great .would I go back ..Gonna say yesWe won a gift certificate for the Chef's Tasting for four.  We were impressed....we joked when we finished that it was like Noah's Ark at our table...the waiter said that they never know what they are getting, but they just see what people like and make sure there were no allergies. 
Our table of four shared everything and everything was GREAT!!  Appetizers included catfish, mussels, shrimp, and steak tips - all great!  The second course was BBQ (rips, pulled pork, and brisket).  Entrees brought lobster tail, buffalo, and two other items...the almond cake dessert was amazing!  If you have the opportunity to do this...i would strongly encourage it....it was a great way to try new things. Cookies with the check was a nice surprise...
All in all...this was a great meal...it had been a while since we'd been there, but we'll be back again soon!!This place offers the best experience hands down. While visiting Philly with my friend this wonderful location caught my friend's eye. We sat outside for a small dinner and were greeted warmly by every staff member. The environment is really inviting the our meal was phenomenal! We were also given complementary biscuits and cookies which were also amazing. Special recognition to our server who provided us with the best customer service possible. Would no doubt come back and would recommend it to everyone!