First time I came her my friends and I had a girls night out and we loved it.  Service was GREAT, food was TO DIE FOR and atmosphere AWESOME.  I have been back several times and still greeted with the same great service every time. 
If you just want to spend a few hours to hang out sit at the bar or outside this is the place to go.My fav pizza ever. I love this place don't really get much but the pizza and desserts. I know that everytime I get my freaking red leaf salad its missing the candy pecans and the last time my goat cheese was gross in my salad, but however when it's right it's right!We ate at this place late on a Thursday night. In case you didn't know, most of Philadelphia appears to shut down around 9:00 on a weeknight.
We ordered from their 'late-night' menu and tried the mushroom pizza and shrimp chimichurri. Both were pretty tasty. The best part of the meal, though, was their dessert menu. Oh my gosh. The chocolate cake was fabulous, as was the cookie taco they make.
If you go, ask for the dessert menu first. You'll want to save room!Unsure what exactly we were in the mood for on a Sunday evening, we found myself at Cooper's .  The options provided by the small plates, sides, and speciality pizzas were enough to make sure my group was able to find a few to agree on.  While the pizza was nothing to brag about, our desserts and the crabcake were impressive.  It fact, it may have been one of the best crabcakes I've had outside of Maryland!
While Cooper's was rather busy that evening, our waiter made us feel we were his top priority.  He took time to answer our questions, recommend wine, and was prompt in refilling our waters and wine glasses.
All in all a great meal, although a bit pricy.It was good food and good wine but overpriced for what the actual content was.Too expensive for the product.  The salmon was a bit undercooked and underwhelming in flavor.  I would definitely skip the scallop dish - $29 for 3 regular-sized scallops without a side was disappointing (the server even suggested against ordering it, should have listened).  Would have been less disappointed overall if it was less expensive.Nice HH spot on Main Street. Ken, the bartender was helpful in narrowing down choices. I had the fruit sangria, burger, and the butternut Mac and Cheese. The Mac and cheese it was cheesy and the squash made it creamy and delicious. My friend had the spicy meatballs which they really enjoyed. It wasn't too crowded on a Thursday night, worth a visit if you're in the area.I've never had a bad experience here.  Wait staff and bartenders are very attentive and always make you their priority.  Kelly is the best if she is bartending and you are sitting at the bar!  Ken is also great at the bar.  My favorites on the menu include (I don't eat meat so only listing fish and veggie options) mushroom soup, carrot and ginger soup, crab cakes, calamari salad, strawberry salad, mac and cheese, oysters, you cant go wrong with any of the pizzas.  For drinks, they have great wines by the glass.  I personally love the Bee Sting and the red sangria.Had brunch here Sunday.  The host was super awkward, it's like he didn't know what to say when we walked through the door.  Then when we asked to sit outside he acted strangely and had to go check with a waitress, even though over half the tables (which we just walked by) were empty and he could see that right through the window.  The woman who took us to our table was also awkward about it.  Maybe there was some host/hostess staffing problem that morning.
The eggs benedict was okay.  The delicious crab cake was a big highlight.  The sausage was tasteless and rubbery.  Everything else was fine.  The presentation was a little snooty.  It's just brunch, you don't have to make such a big presentation of a dish.
Coffee was good and the table service was fine, they refilled our coffees and waters frequently.  Our waiter was very gracious and considerate.  No pressure to leave.
Overall, I'd say this place is trying to be much fancier than it is, including the price.  They've got to get their acts together if they're going to charge so much.  They'd only get two stars if it weren't for that scrumptious crab cake.Had a delicious weekday celebratory lunch with a couple of glasses of Gloria Ferrer sparkling...yum!  Nice pour, I like how the menu specifies "6oz. 1/4 bottle" ha ha!! Loved the crab cake and Parmesan fries. Great table outside that was nicely shaded.I visit Philly every few weeks from Florida and Cooper's has everything I enjoy in a casual restaurant from atmosphere to food to drinks.  It supports local farmers and carries items on the menu you can only find in it's perfectly sized dining room.
I am an official pizza aficionado and Cooper's makes a great pizza.  Although it was a little too rich for my taste it was still perfectly cooked in the brink oven.  You won't go wrong with the cheese plate and house made Ginger Salami either.  There are about 7 cheeses you can choose from and they are all fantastic.  In fact, on Saturday Seth and I were there for about 2 hours sipping on drinks and talking over cheese plates on the outdoor cafe tables.
This is the type of restaurant that makes you come back over and over.  I have gone about 6 times in the past 3 weekends and it is quickly becoming my standard "go to" place for a reasonably priced, good night out.Easily one of the BEST burgers in Manayunk, if not the entire city. Served with a side of Parmesan seasoned fries that are to die for! Bartenders are friendly, service is quick and atmosphere is comfortable. Would definitely recommend a visit.This place has a warm atmosphere, sophisticated but not stuffy. The prices are worth it for the quality of food that is served. Service is prompt and the staff is friendly. If you order the spicy meatballs, make sure you have water. The three cheese pizza is to die for. Come hungry, leave happy.I went here for a girls night out, and it was perfect. Our waitress was great and very helpful. We ordered a bottle of prosecco and shared the Portabella & Shallot pizza. I'm a huge goat cheese fan, so needless to say we devoured this pizza as soon as it hit our table. It was the right amount of goat cheese and mushrooms! 
I'd definitely go here again for a low key dinner. It's a nice local spot.Cooper's is my favorite place to eat on Main Street. The service is always perfect and the food continues to be the best I've ever eaten. I've never been into cooking, but eating here makes me curious about what I now consider an art. 
Even though I've had it before, I couldn't help but have the lump crab cake for an appetizer again. Combined with the buttery sauce, it was the most amazing thing I've ever tasted. I even contemplated ordering the lump crab cake entree - it was so good. My friends talked me out of it and reminded me how much I loved the scallops. Again, they were unbelievable. We splurged and went for the ice cream taco for dessert. I stumbled home and fell into a beautiful food coma. 
Thank you Cooper's for being so amazing.Great service, great food, great atmosphere. I've been twice, once on the restaurant side and once on the bar side, and tried a bunch of different things each time. Nothing has disappointed! Our server was helpful and friendly - overall just a really enjoyable experience. Strongly recommend!Stopped in on a whim for appetizers and wine. Staff was friendly and courteous and made room for our stroller. It really would not have been stroller appropriate except that it was late Sunday afternoon. Server was knowledgable about menu and offered suggestions. Wine was perfectly chilled but def on the more expensive end. I had crab gesbacho which I highly reccomend very fresh and filling. My husband had oysters that were too salty for his taste but that is no fault of the resturaunt. I would stop in again for a quiet date and mealMac and cheese was pretty good.  Lime citrus strong but I like that.  Meetballs were spicy and probably the best value on the menu.  
Wine selection is too limited.  Only one Chardonnay and its from France?  California chard is a requirement for a wine joint in my book.  
Wait staff brought my rating down one star.   For the most part I felt Like I was invisible.  Conversation was strained, awkward,  and not welcoming considering size of the check.  Will try one more time unless the same waiter gets my table.I only stopped in for an after dinner drink.  Bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  Gorgeous place and the menu looks wonderful.  I would love to come back for dinner.  I'll update my review when I do!The hazelnut butter that comes with the Rogue Creamery Smokey Blue cheese is pretty amazing - as is the smokey blue cheese itself. The cheese is as potent as gym socks, and as delicious to humans as a gym floor is to athlete's foot. (...I just had to... sorry).
But the rest of the food at Cooper's is only okay, if not slightly unsavory. The truffle oil on the Portabello Mushroom and Shallot pizza is a wee overpowering, thereby inhibiting its consumer from enjoying the delicate thyme and shellbark goat cheese flavors. 
The Parmesan Fries are a little too salty. The asparagus with prosciutto is okay - the prosciutto is a little salty. The rock shrimp gnocchi was good - except for crunchy bits of the granules of sand in-your-mouth variety.Great food at a reasonable price. Nice atmosphere. This time I tried the spicy meatballs, crab cakes, and octopus salad. All good choices (if you don't like spice, stay away from the meatballs).Jake's is a great place for an upscale dinner in the middle of Manayunk. The menu is sure to please. It was pricey ($70 per person without alcohol) but we had a great meal and left feeling full and satisfied. I've heard that it's BYO on Sundays and Mondays. If you're in Manayunk and looking for a nice meal I would suggest Jake's.I recently had my rehearsal dinner here on a Saturday night for my wedding. We booked it well in advance and put down a deposit over the phone to hold the date. We live in NJ so we are out of towners who were getting married in the area. We met with the General Manger closer to our date to make sure we were all set. When we arrived at 5pm for our reservation of 17 people our tables were spread out in all different spots so we weren't sitting together. They told us it was "too complicated" to seat us all together even though the restaurant was dead and not busy they wouldn't seat us all together at this group of tables in the back due to their policy.. They also informed us that the party menu would be a la carte which people could order anything they'd like through out the dinner.  When we arrived we were then told it was Family Style.. We never were able to all sit together and the worst part was that the GM was so rude to my mom that it was appalling. I wanted to leave and not even eat there but we stuck it out and stayed. The wait staff was super great and the food was pretty good. I just would never recommend anyone having a party here it's not worth it because they don't care about you they only are greedy and want more business overall. I wish they just told me from the beginning that couldn't accommodate us and I would of went someplace else. Even after my fiance spoke to the GM privately, the GM apologized and said he would make it up to us but he NEVER did anything. I was truly disappointed with how unprofessional this place is and would def never go back.Stopped by for a quick bite. Pleasantly surprised by the wonderful menu. Happened to take part of Restaurant Week. Part of my meal was the Bronzino!
It was so delicious. Bartender Ken was awesome, very friendly and the absolute great employee for promoting the food and beverages. 
Can't wait to stop back inA Manayunk MUST. This is my absolute favorite restaurant on Main Street. The Margherita pizza is delicious and perfect for sharing, as is the portobello mushroom pizza. Octopus salad is absolutely
delicious.  The menu is seasonal, so keep that in mind. In the summer time, the tomatoes they use in their salads are some of the meatiest and best I've ever had. Definitely order them! Beet salad is also a winner. Skirt steak from the summer menu was very flavorful too. Butternut squash and apple soup in the fall was to die for. They have an awesome cheese platter assortment to pick from all year round. 
Whether it's a date night, mid-afternoon lunch, or a quick spot to grab drinks and apps, this place will not disappoint.  Friendly staff, decent wine selection and very nice decor. I fell in love with this place from my first visit and will continue to fall over and over again each time I go.We sat in the restaurant at a table next to the open doors to the bustling sidewalk and street watching the Manyunk Bike Race. It was a blast. The food was exceptional. We had a beet salad which included two different kinds, golden and red with these amazingly fresh and delicious ingredients. Also ordered the crab cake and shrimp. As a foodie who eats in restaurants all over the world I have to say everything was excellent! Our waitress was extremely  accommodating, allowing us to wait  for a better table while it was being cleaned and bringing us beer from their amazing list. As the racers flew by, we were close enough to lean out  and take some great videos of the race without being caught in the crush of the crowd outside on the sidewalk. Couldn't ask for a better experience.One of the best pizzas I've had in a while! Great happy hour drink specials. I hope the high top tables return to the bar area.Hands down one of my favorite places in Philly. Avoid the restaurant section. That section is a bit dated. Sit at the bar and let the staff take care of you. Friendliest staff in town. Excellent food. You must try the chicken liver mousse. Combine that with some red wine and you'll be in heaven. In the winter, try the lamb shank. I am proud to say that I tried every single item on the menu and they're all good. I never had bad food there and the food is consistent. If you want to try the pizza, go for the spicy meatball or the pepperoni. Both are really good. The best dessert (warm almond cake) is no longer on the menu. 
Great wine list. If you're not sure, ask Cosmo to recommend one. He usually has a white and a red wine as specials on the menu. They are good wines for a good price. 
Overall they get 5-stars from me because I think they truly deserve it. I know the foodies out there will disagree, but I don't care. That's that!
*** The almond cake is back on the menu, albeit in a different format. Ask for a crunchy crust.It has been years since I have been to Coopers. Mainly because I was boycotting it all this time because of a rude manager when they first opened.....but I have to say, I am HAPPY I gave it another try.
I was going out with a guy for the first time and did not want to go to any of the other "Manayunk bars"-because: 1. all young college students go there 2. I wanted a nicer place
We entered the wine bar and two hostesses greeted us and I believe the owner as well. At first I thought we were going to be casual and sit on the "Coopers side" but there was no seating, so we sat in the window at "Jakes side"
We ordered a bottle of wine to share as well as a fig pizza. Both were great. Service was attentive and everyone was really nice and friendly.
Sorry that I waited so long to go back and looking forward to going back!I couldn't wait for this place to open.  A couple years ago, if you wanted to go out for drinks in Manayunk and avoid a billion douchbags, your options were Derek's or Derek's.  Now, a few years later it seems like Manayunk is making a bit of a comeback... that or either all the 20-somethings who moved here a decade ago (myself included) are just getting to old to run around like drunk morons.
Anyway, I was hoping to get a Tria-like establishment, which this sort-of is, but they could have done a lot better. The food is good, but there is nothing on the menu that really stands out.  The pizza is average, there are no good appetizers and everything is a bit too expensive.  The decor, but there is something stale about the atmosphere.  I can't tell if it's the lack of music, or the clientel, but its missing something.  
Now that Agiato opened up, I think I will be going there instead.  The food is phenominal, the prices are way better and I like the atmosphere.Solid 4 stars for very good service and excellent bar. The food was good too and the location is fun.My boyfriend and I came to Cooper's for a special occasion and it was great. We shared a pizza, salad, and mussels...and we couldn't finish all the food! The ambiance was nice, and the wine selection good. We will definitely come back!I had reservations for Mother's Day @ 10am. They open @ 10am, so plenty of tables were available to be placed. We were seated at the closest table to the kitchen. Again, I had reservations. Not wanting to ruin the meal, I went along. Food was good, but not delivered together. My son waited a few extra minutes for his meal, chicken fingers. I probably won't go back knowing how they treat guests with reservations. Disappointing.Cooper's is my local go to place for dinner. The ambiance is dim lights, low key booths and high tops, comfortable but still a little bit upscale without being stuffy (especially in comparison to some louder, bar like local places). The menu is killer and I usually go with the cheese plate (tip: ask for the caramel fig), bottle of cheap red wine (or 2), mussels (tip: get extra bread - this broth is amazing) and/or a pizza combo. If you are checking out the sides, give the brussels sprouts a try.
The food in general is a little expensive for the area -- but well worth it and this also helps keeps a nice crowd coming back.Awesome! Sooo,we got stuck in traffic and we were looking for a place to go. Due to Yelp, we ended up here and wow what a night! Amazing food, fantastic wine & fun atmosphere. Escargot was to die for!Love this place! I made a reservation through OpenTable which really makes my life easy when it comes to making reservations. We got there about 10 minutes late but the staff didn't care. The place has a really cool vibe and they have outdoor seating and their front windows actually slide open so you can sit kinda inside and outside at the same time. My friends and I went for brunch. I had one of their small plates of meatballs with a side of cauliflower,their mussels & two rounds of mimosas.  Everything was delicious. I really look forward to coming back to this place, It's in such nice area of little shops and eateries that there's plenty to do. Also the parking garage right up the block only cost 8 bucks. Only thing I would complain about is them being a bit pricey,though I will gladly pay it all again for the great service and food we experienced.I went there for the happy hour, and was severely disappointed given all the hype.  The 76 French was tastless and the sangria a little better.  The parmesean fries and sweet potato crisps WERE good, but the service was awful.  Our bartender was inattentive and we waited for a good long while with empty drinks in front of us.  The Jr. Burger we ordered was immediately sent back - it was so undercooked that I'm not sure it was safe to eat.  After sending it back, no one checked on the service and they sent the SAME burger back, but burnt to a crisp this time.  Overall, a disappointing experience.Recently came here for brunch so I am updating my review. The service definitely deserves a 5 star. I spilled my mimosa on my plate so they offered to replace it even though I was half way done eating it. 
I ordered the jakes eggs Benedict. This was different than the Benedict I usually have at other restaurants. This one included asparagus, apple sausage, crab cake, and their special leek cream sauce which was delicious compared to the regular hollandaise sauce. My friend ordered the steak and eggs which was absolutely delicious as well. I would say this is the best brunch place in manayunk.This place is a great place for a date or for a catch up with a few friends.
The food was good, and the ice cream taco dessert is amazing - I want another one right now:)  check out my picture of the ice cream taco.
The service was good and all the food was yummy, although the scallops dinner wasn't too filling but that was fine as it left room for the lovely ice cream taco!! 
We will defintely be back !The drinks and pizza are consistently "a little better than average." I'm a fan of thin pizza, but the center of the pizza collapses a little because of the soggy dough.
The extra star is for the extremely friendly service. My friend and I brought our dogs on an extremely hot day, and we had two servers (animals lovers!) consistently refill the water bowl with ice cubes!Really like the bartender a lot. She makes my drinks the way I ask. Most of the time we sit at the bar and occasionally sit at a table. My ONLY complaint / question is can you PLEASE make more vegetarian or vegan options? I do the homemade chips all the time, and side veggies, but if there were more options for us non-meat product folk, it would make my bill a lot higher because I wouldn't have to leave for food elsewhere. I could just stay, drink and EAT there. Other than that, it's cool. But PLEASE, spare an animal somewhere on the menu...If you come here you HAVE to get the grilled octopus salad- one of the best things I have ever eaten! It's acidic, creamy, crunchy, and the octopus is charred perfectly! In addition to the food, the service and atmosphere were also on point. However be warned that when they ask if you want bread they will charge you for it (I.e. Not complimentary)Food and drink is a bit pricey, but can go for a flatbread pizza and wine for a fair price. Best part is dessert, three words, ice cream taco! All homemade and probably the best I have had. I will continue to go here for this alone, but the rest is good too!This is an excellent little place for reasonably priced food and draft wine.  The corned beef panini was moist, flavorful and perfectly grilled.  The atmosphere is pleasant with nice lighting, comfortable booths and no pretense.  Service was friendly and helpful.  My uncle treated me to a wonderful lunch today.  I can't wait to return next time I am in this area.Wish I could give Cooper's 3.5 stars.  I don't think it deserves a full 4 stars but I wouldn't necessarily consider it "average" either.  We arrived early on a rainy Friday night and were quickly seated in one of the long, lush, and plush red booths.  We ordered tasty dry and slippery wet reds, the new pork pizza, the pear/gorgonzola/spicy pecan salad, and a side of lemon spinach.  It was all tasty, but nothing entirely memorable.  I would have nixed the spinach since it definitely wasn't worth the $5.  We finished off the meal with the taco desert that was scrumptious.  The taco shell tasted like a super-sized cinnamon toast crunch graham square and was piled high with vanilla ice cream, white chocolate swirls, and an assortment of berries.  The entire taco of happiness was swimming in a bed of caramel and berry lava.  Quite good but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.The service was great.  The food was mediocre. I had the short ribs and my son had the red leaf salad.  It needed seasoning. But the ambiance was nice.Awesome service!!  My wife and I stopped in for a drink on Saturday night after having had dinner at a different restaurant in Manayunk.  We were carrying leftovers and decided we wanted to grab a drink at Coopers before heading home.  When greeted at the door, the hostess offered to put our "to go" bags in their cooler so they would stay cold.  What incredible service!!!  When we sat down at the bar, the bartender greeted us and told us that whenever we were ready to leave, to let him know and he would run back and grab our bags.  Top notch service for just getting drinks.  We love this place and can't wait to go back.  (We have eaten there in the past and food is great too).Staying nearby, we were looking for a reasonable place to celebrate my birthday.  Being a bit of a wine fanatic, this seemed like a reasonable place.  The on-line web site also showed a menu that compatible with our tastes -- for the most part. 
We started out the meal with the "cheap" $20 bottle of white wine; it was a actually a very pleasant Spanish white ... Probably a $15-$20 bottle on the market.  Honestly, the other wines by the glass were a little pricier than they should be. 
We started out the meal with a couple appetizers -- the bread w/olive oil was very pleasant, although, honestly, it should be free.  I also ordered the marinated olives and my husband ordered the "special" soup -- butternut acorn squash soup, which was quite pleasant. 
We ordered a pizza and the chicken breast ... Both were quite pleasant -- if not a little pricey for what you got.  However, the portions were reasonable if not huge, honestly. 
At the end of the evening, we chose not get enjoy a desert, although some of the items sounded very nice.Love this place!  For wine - definitely try the Tinta  Fino, goes great with the Tarentaise!  I also really liked the Jake burger and a new salad with vanilla bean vinegarette (hubby and I shared both).  Great atmosphere and service!Great atmosphere, wonderful hostess and okay drinks.   This place use to be DEREKS, which was a great restaurant. Besides the friendly staff and okay drinks.   The prime rib with Lobster (SAUCE not meat) mashed potatoes taste like soap.   LITERALLY SOAP..   I did not even get around to Tire trying the prime rib.   My friend ordered pepperoni pizza that came out looking more greasy then Pizza Hut.  Great service thoughThe crab cakes are STILL the best!!
Husband and I stopped in on Friday and grabbed one of the outdoor tables, to enjoy the great spring weather!
The tables were a bit difficult as the sidewalk was slanted, the staff did a good job to check every hour or so that table tops were not wobbly. The bread was very good and thumbs up that the butter was whipped and not that hard cold patty they usually toss on the table.
The order, the crab cakes of course. He got the chicken sandwich and the french fries were perfectly crispy and sinfully delicious.
Our waiter, who pretty much served all the outdoor tables was very difficult to get a hold off to get refills on water and drinks, when we did grab his attention, he was well versed on the beer selection and made a couple great picks for my husband, who likes to think he is an IPA conossieur. The waiter invited us back for their beer pairing event in the summer.
The food was excellent,  although the service was super spotty. Had he not been so pleasant, our whole dining experience could have gone the other way.Love this spot. The atmosphere is wonderful. The bar is large and roomy. The lighting is perfect. The food is fresh. And the drinks are tasty. There was one small turn off once. My boyfriend was standing up near the bar talking with someone. The waitress came along and said "Excuse me" and when he didn't hear her she yelled "EXCUSE ME SIR." Not sure what her name was. But she didn't seem too pleasant. Anyway, that definitely does not stop us from going back. 
There was a bar tender who we loved. Not sure exactly what his name was. It was something like Hakeem maybe. He had glasses and went to NE High School. Very nice man. Sociable and knowledgeable of his liquor.Wandering around looking for a light dinner, my mom and I passed by Cooper's, and after a quick peruse of the menu, decided on it.  However, we weren't seated in Coopers, but rather next door, at...I can't remember the name.  Anyway, they're right next to each other.
We ended up getting a couple of pizzas - the King Oyster Mushroom for me and a Margherita for my mom, with some maple brussel sprouts.  The sprouts came first, which were a decent affair, though I think it could've been a little more maple-y, and certainly a little more carmelized.  After all, brussel sprouts that are prepared well are actually tasty!
The pizzas were also pretty decent, though certainly not drop-dead amazing affairs.  The margherita was...good.  Could've used a little more basil, and the sauce is a little salty.  The mushroom pizza was also good, with a great blend of cheeses, though again, just a little salty.  If anything, I think they could've used slightly less piquant cheeses and actually seasoned the mushrooms to balance it all out.  In both cases, the pizzas are thin crust, oven-baked style, but they leave a huge crust edge, of 1-1.5", which to me just screams cheap.
Our service was OK, though I had to ask for water twice despite our waiter having walked by our table twice.  The decor, though, is nicely modern and well put together.
Final verdict?  Good for something somewhat quick and casual, but...that's really about it.  Would I go back?  Eh...probably not.For some reason, I didn't want to like this place - maybe I thought "brick oven wine bar" was trying to hard - but the food is delicious and the wine selection is thoughtful. I haven't been disappointed yet.My husband just had lunch with a friend today at Cooper's.  We had been at Cooper's a while ago and had the burgers and parmesan fries and they were great.  Today, my husband tells me that they were awful.  He recommended the restaurant to his friend for lunch and was really sorry that he did.Co-workers and I went to Jake's and Cooper's this week for a "after meeting dinner".  Group of 16.
Our waitress was very attentive, and treated us very nicely. She did a nice job.
Food: we had a few appetizers.  Spicy Meatballs, olives, shrimp dumplings and truffle fries (technically a side dish).  I can say that I enjoyed all of the choices.  The spicy meatballs were great as long as you can handle some heat.  And the shrimp dumplings are definitely something I'd order again.
Dinner - many chose the ribeye which looked great. All seemed to enjoy it.  I ordered the whole bronzino. Got it with the head off.  This was VERY good. I spoke to a woman at the bar before we sat down and she recommended it. Great choice!  I believe it was $28 so the value was good.  The skin was crispy, and the actual filet was seasoned very well.  
I passed on the dessert, but took a picture of the ice cream taco because it looked super good.  
Long story short is that I do recommend coming here. I was told the pizza is good too if you want a quick bite!This place is the cutesiest little spot in Manayunk! I have lived in MYK for 6 months now and this is the first time I have been to Cooper's. 2 friends and I tried it out the other night and we are in love! Their happy hour is pretty good! Our server was adorable and it was funny that we found out he knows one of my co-workers! Their margarita pizza is delicious! I also loved the crispy yams and the cheap red which was tasty. This place is for sure a place I will visit more frequently.Food is always solid and service very attentive. There seem to be some inconsistencies in food preparation... Mainly the pizzas. I have had the same pizza (proscuitto) but made differently different times. Love the cheeses and how they are paired. Quail and pork chop are amazing. Overall a great spot for a good dinner.We had one of the best meals of our lives at Jake's last night.  For a friend's 50th birthday, five of us met at 8 on Saturday night.  We were promptly shown to our table, and they remembered that I had asked for a seat against a wall to help my hearing problem.  We started out with the fantastic cheese and charcuterie boards.  If you want a perfect meal, be sure to order them.  All of our party had the escargot as appetizers, and we agreed that they were phenomenal.  My husband, who has traveled extensively in France, said they were the equal of any escargot he has had in the fanciest of French restaurants.  
For our main courses, we had the crab cakes, which are a signature dish at Jake's, and the seared sea scallops.  Both were delectable, and lived up to their promise by staff.  Last, but certainly not least, we shared the ice cream taco and the special cheese cake for dessert.  The birthday girl was pleased and touched by the special effort the chef put into her dessert, with a "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate around the plate and a lit candle on the side.  The "cheap" red and white wine we ordered perfectly complemented our food, and were both better than what we would normally order in another restaurant.  
Overall, this was a wonderful experience for our birthday girl, and a miraculous save for her husband, who had forgotten to get her a present.  Thank God for Bruce Cooper Sr. and Jr., Cosmo and Jake's head chef, who made her feel special.  And for Seth, our waiter, who ably took care of us while making her feel like the most important person in the room.   Thank you all!
Jake's is now our go-to restaurant for all special occasions!I really always enjoy grabbing a drink at Coopers and really love the atmosphere. Unfortunately I am so bored of the menu. It is good food but I haven't seen a new thing on the menu in years.I think I ve never had a salad better than their octopus salad, the staff is very friendly, great classy atmosphere, been all around philly and its definitely my favorite placeI've been here a few times because my girlfriend's family likes it but I just don't get it. I've tried a few different cocktails but they're all ordinary and overpriced. The pizza, scallops, corn soup, corn Mac & cheese, taco dessert and ice cream sampler are good but again, not worth the price and nothing special. If everything was about 25% cheaper this place would make sense to me but your basically paying for the fancy, stuffy atmosphere.Somewhat busy for a Wednesday night, but the service didn't suffer.  Our group of five started off with a few appetizers.  The homemade potato chips were the freshest I've ever had; so simple, but perfect.  The bread was tasty, and cheap at $2, but we decided it should have been complementary.  Myself and one other friend were going through a beet phase, so we ordered the beet and goat cheese appetizer.  After a few bites, we just picked through for all the goat cheese, and I can declare that my beet phase is officially over.  I just didn't find the cold tasteless beets appetizing, but some might.  Onto the main act, the pizza!.  I got Lisa's Pizza, which was awesome.  Thin crust, with artichokes, spinach, olives, tomatoes, and peppers, if I recall correctly.  So good, I would def order that again.  I traded a piece of my pie for a slice of my friends, pesto, and the pesto pizza was a little overwhelming, and could have benefited from a higher cheese to pesto ratio.  Although I didn't sample them for myself, my friends raved about the meatball pizza and the short rib pizza.  Also, the Parmesan fries are to die for.  And no review is complete without a rating of the alcohol on hand, and cooper's get's an A+ for it's selection of adult beverages.  Large wine list, and lots of primo beers (high quality microbrews and some decent euros) on tap.  Also, an fyi, food comes out as it is ready, and they encourage sharing.Fantastic! Loved the Bistro Sirloin. My wife had the bronzino and she said it was the best bronzino she ever ate.I've been to Cooper's  a few times.  I think they have a great wine menu and at times their food is decent.  The problem is consistency.    Their pizzas are good but when it comes to other things, say the Jake burger, it's never done to the temperature requested.  The last time I was there, the burger was completely burned on the outside and bloody on the inside.  So charred that it was unedible.  I think it may have been the first time I ever sent anything back.  The desserts were ok and their parmesan fries are perfect.The worst service. We were ignored. Got there 7:00, left at 9:30. Waiter never said, "sorry taking so long, or your dinner will be out soon..etc" We just waited and waited. We finally got our appetizers..all except one. We asked.." will his mussels be out soon"  to which the waiter replied.."Oh, I forgot to put them in.."  2 people ordered hangar steaks..both came out cold. They both come with a special sauce. 1 person was so hungry he ate his cold. The other person sent it back. It came back still cold, without the sauce. Finally everyone was served (restaurant was empty..why it took 2 hours..) but the one. The waiter comes over and says.."the chef apologizes for overcooking your shrimp. I'm gonna leave it with you, but he is making you another batch.."  TERRIBLE RESTAURANT!!I'm updating my review as I ate here for lunch on Sunday with my family. I hadn't been here in three months and had a pleasant experience the last time. We had made a reservation but arrived early for a drink at the bar. When I asked the bartender if we could get a seat outside, he said he'd ask the hostess. A woman named Eleanor came over and said she'd try her best to get us a table outside (keeping in mind the bike race was going on). About 15 minutes later they had clear a table and we were seated out front. 
The food was so delicious. We had the Octopus Salad, Mushroom & Goat Cheese Pizza and Oysters to start. For our entrees, we had the Nicoise Salad, Korean Beef Tacos and Crab Cakes. The drinks were also very good. My sister and I shared the White Sangria pitcher, good enough size for two people and two drinks each. The service was attentive and friendly. I would definitely return and bring friends!The food is fantastic and creative.  Duck spring rolls = yum, burger is amazing, fries are delicious, and so is the pizza.  Good beer although not as much on draft as I'd expect.  Service was meh.  We sat outside - be forewarned there is a lot of noise / traffic from the street.This review is only based on the wine.   Coopers is noted as a wine bar but actually they either don't serve the year they say they have or if you order by the glass it seems like it's been out for days or weeks.  The wine is a total disappointment if you are a wine connoisseur!  Just stick to the food which is great.I've been to Jake's twice since moving to the Philly area and both have been enjoyable experiences.  
During the first trip I had a scallop dish, which I wouldn't say was everything I wanted it to be, but it was okay.  There were bits of bacon in the corn and potato mixture that came with the scallops, but they were almost too crisp... to the point I was worried about cracking a tooth.  The service was great though, but if you want to actually have a conversation with your fellow diners, it's probably best to sit in the dining room rather than the bar area.  
The second trip I decided to have what my sister had the first time I was here... the fig and blue cheese pizza.  It is such a good combination!  Also, the wine selection here is pretty great (as it should be though since it's a wine bar)!  
Oh - and probably the best feature about this place -- they have an in-house pastry chef so all of the desserts are made from scratch!  Soo good!Went to Coopers last night for dinner and drinks and was pleasantly surprised!  The reviews on here had been kind of luke warm so I did not have high expectations.  However I really enjoyed myself the place has a very relaxed warm feel about it and the staff is very friendly.  Our food was great the Parmesan fries and mussels were my favorites.  If you get a chance you have to try one of there deserts they are soooo good.  A healthy beer selection with a good choice of micro-brews.  I will definitely be back!The atmosphere made me feel like I made it to a classy restaurant downtown without the headache of getting downtown... 
Be warned, the food is slightly pricey for Manayunk. However, their "cheap wine" is actually pretty good (@ $12 for a half carafe, it is not a bad deal). The food was good, but the serve put it over the top. Our server Richard was very attentive without being pushy and checked in just enough to make us happy without driving us insane. Worth adding to your tour of Manayunk restaurants!two stars is a stretch. lousy service. mis-timed plate delivery. TINY portions. now i'm not gung-ho about huge american portions, but my shimp bolognese had about five (YES FIVE) pieces of pasta in it. i was literally able to eat the entire dish in about seven bites. if it wasn't for being out with awesome people, i'd have left.
as for price, who is jake kidding?  this is manayunk, not rittenhouse square. get over yourself.
oh. not that i'm a stickler for bread, but that should ALWAYS be served free and unrequested. not at jakes. it's $3 for a small loaf.
overall: pass.  there are plenty of other places to eat in manayunk (like chabba right next door).
one last thing: there's nothing more annoying than the hostess coming over to refill your water glass every time you take a sip. we're not in chinatown.  if only the server had half the attentiveness our little hostess had.Pizza is decent. Wine is decent. Service is decent. 
From the looks of this place outside, I was all kinds of excited to eat there for months. Then I did. And they had pizza or tapas style stuff. Damn.  On a med school budget, I can't be ordering loads of small appetizer plates to share with my 12 other hungry friends. 
Next time I'll check out what Jake's has.Great dining experience.  Went to Jake's last night with 4 friends and we all agreed that everything - from food to service - was excellent.  Highlights included the mushroom soup, the chicken liver mousse, the calves liver, and the pumpkin bread pudding. Our server was attentive without hovering.  The noise level was low, which was a welcome change from most restaurants these days. This was one of the restaurant experiences I have had in a long time.We went during a "restaurant week" special and still felt it was overpriced for the quality. Something was "missing" even thought they were nice enough. We won't go again but we wish them well.I have been there twice, sat at the high top bar tables for drinks and tapas, and I left satisfied each time.  Besides the normal bar fare you have the option for more inventive food, (I think I had a fig pizza and a roasted beet and goat cheese salad).   I found the prices and service reasonable for its "casual sophisticated atmosphere" and Main Street location.  If I was really hungry and wanted a big meal I probably would coopers would not be my first choice, however for the wine and bar food options, its one of the best on Main Street.I don't have a lot to say about Jakes, except that I went there for my birthday dinner last year and I ordered a glass of milk with my birthday cake. I took one huge gulp of the milk only to find that it had gone bad. 
I just wanted to put that on the record.Met up with a friend for dinner here and was not disappointed. The service was excellent - attentive but not overly so, and helpful when making choices. We shared the beet salad and the BBQ pork pizza, both of which were great, and the "cheap" red table wine was solid. Really, though, the night belongs to dessert.
We ordered the ice cream sampler (lactose intolerance be damned!) - a scoop each of brown butter maple pecan, chocolate covered pretzel, bittersweet chocolate, and brownie caramel. Not one of them was less than stellar. I'm not usually a maple pecan person, but it was almost savory-sweet. Delicious. They somehow managed to make it so the pretzels didn't get soggy in the ice cream, which is some kind of sorcery. And the brownie caramel was my friend's favorite. But the bittersweet chocolate, which I kind of expected to fade into the background, was epic. It was at once light and rich, making you want to both savor every morsel and eat it in one bite. So. Good. 
I saw a thing on Pinterest recently - "Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you ice cream, which is kind of the same thing." Truth.We had a variety of selections from oysters, pizza, and tuna tartare. They were all average and not worth their center city price tag. I would pass on this place and go downtown if you're going to spend $100 per person with wine. The server was also so uninterested in engaging so just an overall subpar experience.Went to Coopers a few weekends ago for dinner and drinks with my boyfriend & our mutual friend. The place was packed but we managed to get a seat at one of the bar-height tables. The ambience was cozy and casual, with dim lighting and a relaxed, lively feel. One negative thing, we did have trouble tracking down a server at first. When we did get a server's attention, I got a great Cote du Rhone Syrah from the wine menu while the boys got IPAs. It was nice that the  bar selection wasn't all beer-focused or all wine-focused. They had a modest assortment of both, plus some cocktails that had me salivating!
I wasn't in the mood for pizza and decided to be adventurous (as usual) with my entree. I ordered an octopus salad and loved it. Others have commented that the only thing good here is the pizza, but I found that my non-pizza choice was delicious! I also must say that once we ordered the meal came out very quickly, which was impressive. I had plans to meet up with a friend after dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the quick work in the kitchen!
Definitely worth a trip if you're in Manyunk, though I wouldn't venture here if it was an out-of-the-way drive. More of a great neighborhood restaurant than a must-try destination.I'll sum it up best with what I wrote on my check: "This is food for people who love food." This is not a way for me to wank, and talk about how great my taste is. It's to say, "This is for people who have had *it*" "It" is a moment where everything changes, and a cook makes you forget for a blind second that magic isn't real, and you want to hunt that feeling again for the rest of your life. There are many places I've found this at, and Jake's is one of them.
I am also doing them an incredible disservice by neglecting their wine, for which I am woefully unprepared and unskilled to speak for. They have an impressive stock, but as I can barely tell them apart, so I'll stick with the food.
I recently went back for the spring Manayunk restaurant week, and everything was beautifully composed, the dishes designed with purpose, the staff wonderfully attentive and the "cheap" red better than practically anything I would normally drink. I was picking up every scrap, sliding crusts of bread to pick up the sauce in the bottom of the plate and in general gloriously indulging in decadence and hedonism. There are a few "safe" choices on here, but overall if you search I think you can find some rare treats. I can heartily recommend the Chicken Liver Mousse, and I really want to try the grilled Calves Liver.SO good! Was walking around Manayunk yesterday evening with some friends and we decided to try this place out for dinner. Very happy we did. We loved everything we tried, this included: the margarita pizza, truffle gnocchi, mushroom soup, duck egg rolls, crab cakes, chicken entre, artichoke mac and cheese, and smoked gouda.
I would def recommend the mac and cheese, my friends loved the egg rolls, and the soup and pizza. Everything else was also great, but these were some of the standouts. 
Also nice, they always have one white "cheap" bottle and one red "cheap" bottle for $20 dollars.  We went probably around 5:30-6ish (maybe 615?) on a Sunday, and there was no wait for an indoor table.
So if you're in the area and looking for a good meal, def try this place out!I've always wanted that restaurant and bar where you can be a regular and everyone knows your name (cue the Cheers music). I think that Coopers could be my place. I did go every week for about a month, but recently taken a little break. 
So far the menu has proven to be amazing. My favorite are the mussels, I could very literally drink the broth they are cooked in. I also really enjoy the mushroom, shallot, goat cheese, and truffle oil pizza. The pizza is thin and crunchy with really distinct flavors, I've attempted to recreate it a few times at home, minus the truffle oil. Another item that sticks out in my mind from the menu is the stuffed quail. It's pretty small (it is on the list of "small plates") so that shouldn't be a surprise to anyone, but it packs a mean punch in the flavor department. 
Coopers also has a great wine list, their prices are reasonable and they are generally running a special of some sort on wine bottles. 
Needless to say, I highly recommend Coopers, you might actually see me there trying to get my "regular" on. 
Brunch - I went to brunch here for the first time two weekends ago. I'm not sure I'll be a regular brunch-goer. I tried the short ribs and poached egg on goat cheese polenta and it was just plain weird. My significant other had the eggs benedict which was also a little odd. I've heard that the stuffed french toast is incredible so I may be back to give that a try.Consistently delicious!  Sophisticated yet cozy atmosphere.  Attentive service and well done food that keeps me going back.  Gourmet pizza game is on point and ideal seating by the Brick Oven on cool weather nights.  Prime burger & Parmesan fries were done to perfection! Spicy meatball pizza is 4 stars.  Stuffed chicken & stuffing side is the upgraded gourmet version to homemade! And more goodness to check out on the menu...When I was single, Jakes/Coopers was a great go to date spot. The ambiance is consistently lively, subtly romantic with the dim lights and sleek bar, and the wait staff is professional and educated on the menu.
I haven't been there in months since my boyfriend and I have been venturing to try new places, but I look forward to heading back sometime soon.
My go tos for lighter fare are the delicious, citrusy tuna tartar with grapefruit and the pan seared scallops with chorizo. Their pear/walnut salad also hit the spot. 
 And who would have thought chicken could be so delicious? Albeit a tad overpriced, this main course was impeccably prepared and the gnocchi was a great addition to the dish. 
Lastly, they have a lot of great wines by the glass. Stick to the petit syrah... a decent $9 a glass (if memory serves) and taste first, it's the best choice on the menu for lighter reds. The very nice bartender lady agrees with me.Only been once but had very good dinner here. Beautiful roasted chicken breast, parsnip puree and roasted carrots. Perfect on a cold winter night. Haven't perused the wine list, as a friend dropped off a nice bottle of santenay Premier Cru 2012 while we were placing our order. Nice!! And a perfect match!Can someone please inform this place that pouring wine into a pitcher of ice with sliced up Mango at the bottom, is NOT Sangria?? I don't know how they justify keeping this on their menu.... 
Besides for this, they are very average at best. Average service. Average pizza. Average menu.Really good pizza and wine.  A little on the pricey side but one of the better restaurants in Manayunk.  You can also get the Jake's menu here.  I recently learned you can BYOB to the Jake's side of the restaurant, which helped with the bill.A four slice, 10 inch, thin crust pizza for 12 dollars.  That's a dollar a bite.
The $8 goat cheese special sandwich belonged in the Special Olympics!  Goat cheese wedged between two crusty pieces of toast.  That's gourmett!my favorite manayunk happy hour place. great food and more affordable prices! $4 glasses of wine!!  i'm a fan of the beets, fries and pizza. great local beers. nice interiors and bathrooms!often go there in the summer/spring to sit out side (with my dog) and have some vine and food.
The food is always consistent and reasonable.
Service is always great and one of my favorite places to sit and relax.I would say the food we got last night while celebrating a friends birthday was just average. Nothing was awful but i definitely wouldn't go back because the food was not worth the price. The pizzas we got ranged from $13-$15 for a 6inch and there was really nothing very special about them. The grilled octopus salad was probably the worst dish of the night, the octopus clearly being overcooked so it was tough and rubbery. The best dish was the gnocchi and probably the only one worth it's price. Overall it was just okay but not memorable enough to go back.Always very good.. 100% of the time. The gnocchi was amazing tonight in honor of anniversaryCame here for brunch. The French toast is to die for. Seriously. Either the best or top two in the city. 
Also had the lobster omelette. Real lobster, big chunks. Om nom nom. 
The server for our meal was relaxed and attentive to our needs. Because brunch food is fast, we barely waited. 
Do yourself a favor and come here for brunch and enjoy their drink specials.Went for a dinner with a group of 5 (including me). We had reservations, but I got there first and was seated immediately and our waiter was perfectly attentive to me even though the group wasn't there yet. 
Foods we all ordered and reviews:
Mussels - everyone said they were delicious including the broth.
Octopus salad - we ordered it just for the octopus and it was AMAZING!
Watermelon salad - very refreshing and perfect balance. It didn't have curried sunflower seeds, but I wasn't concerned. 
Soft shell crab - I was told it was delicious. 
Scottish salmon - best presentation out of all the food! Delicious too!
Crab cakes - huge and filling, definitely a winner. 
Spicy meatball pizza - SPICY. it doesn't have a kick at first but it hits you after!!! 
Lovely dinner and overall experience. We were there for almost 3 hours, but we were talking the whole time, it wasn't due to slow service!This was my first time to check this place out. I wanted to try out another Manayunk restaurant for dinner so we decided Jakes was next. The menu looked pretty good, but what really caught my eye was the price of wine. They had a house red or white half carafe for like $12 and it was perfect. 
I ordered the special for the night...Braised lamb shank with a roasted pumpkin stuffed with sauteed onions and some kind of cheese. The meal was huge and very filling. There was so much delicious lamb I couldn't even eat it all. 
My girlfriend got Lisa's pizza with artichokes and tomatoes. I had a bite and it was pretty good for only having a bite. 
I think we spent about $130 so it def wasn't cheap, but the food was good and the wine was cheap. I live in Manayunk and I'm not a huge fan of the restaurant scene in the area, but this was a nice little surprise. Check it out if you're looking for something a little different in Manayunk.Went to Jake's and Cooper's last night for dinner. Had an absolutely wonderful experience! We made a reservation for 8pm, arrived and were seated immediately in a plush booth for 5 even though there were only 3 of us. The server was very pleasant and knowledgeable of the menu and made wine pairing suggestions. 
2 of us ordered from the Restaurant Week menu and the 3rd ordered off the menu. I had the Apple Ravioli in a Leek Cream Sauce as my 1st course: got 2 HUGE ravioli. Amazing!  My 2nd course was the 12 Hour Short Rib with a seafood side and gnocchi. This was absolutely delicious. The meat was perfectly cooked and tender, the seafood added a great taste and the gnocchi were perfectly soft and scrumptious in the short rib au jus. My friend who ordered off the menu started with the Spicy Meatballs - spicy, tender, and delicious - and had the Mushroom Pizza as her main dish. The pizza was thin and crispy but very flavorful!
There are 2 reasons why I am only rating this a 4: first our apps came SO FAST, we had hardly settled into our drinks. Thankfully the rest of the meal was more appropriately spaced out. Secondly, my dessert course was labeled a Chocolate Bread pudding - but it was more of a Chocolate Lava/Molten Cake. It was decadent, but a bread pudding it was not!
Overall it was a superior experience. The staff was wonderful - one server actually checked the men's room to see if I could use it rather than wait (both the men's and women's rooms were onesies).  The atmosphere was sultry and the food was outstanding! I can't wait to go again!To be perfectly honest, I would probably on return if I was in business for the HH drinks.  They have great options at great prices, but the serving sizes of the foods leave lots of alcohol to be soaked up (not that I always want that).  All of my friends agree as well. My sister and I shared the mac and cheese (not super cheesy tasting) the smoked salmon bruschetta (yuuum), and the stuffed portobella (super yum). I realize it's happy hour but the portions are just so small.  I love the atmosphere, however, and it's a nice place to sit out on Main, drink, and laugh, but as far as going hungry I would have to pass it up.  Get the vino, leave the nuggets.Ok so here is the deal with Jakes- It has an awesome atmosphere and great location..try to sit outside(weather permitting) or near the window for people watching. They have a great wine list and they know how to make a good dirty martini. I have been there twice and i enjoyed my meal both times. THE THING TO KNOW-- the menu looks amazing so its only natural that you would want to try a buncha different stuff but take my word for it...just get a couple of pizzas and call it a night...everything i have eaten there has been either ok or not too good but the pizza is amazing! thin and on the small side so 2 pizzas for 2 people is good.On a street with so many bars and restaurants, Jake and Coopers stands out as the fanciest of the bunch to me. The decor and ambiance is on point, just as much as their food and cocktails are. I recommend their habanero whisky cocktail. And we really like their house made chips. The small plates / apps we tried so far are good too (escargot, shrimp cocktail)My first experience here was so-so when they first opened.  Since I have grown quite fond of this joint.  The shitake mushroom pizza is delicious!   Also, the artichoke mac/cheese is really good for an appetizer.  I've always had great service and friendly wait staff.  If you haven't been definitely go for the gourmet pizza!  
The only downside was seeing Eskin there twice, what a deadbeat deusch.The pizza here was not nearly as good as I expected after the LeBan review.  I like thin, crispy pizza.  The pizza, the carmelized onion one, was certainly thin and crispy; like a cracker.  The problem was it had no herbs and very little flavor or zest.  Boring.  Dock Street has much, much better pizza. 
The mussels on the other hand were excellent.  The tomato broth was by far one of the best I've had.
The space was nice, with a good selection from the bar.My partner took me here for a birthday brunch.  The plan was that we'd go "around the world" of Philadelphia all day with luscious food and drinks.  Okay, go!  Jake's was our first stop for its famous brunch.  The first thing I noticed about Jake's was the strange set-up.  The bar faced the street and was in the front window, while the rest of the restaurant lurked behind the bar.  I'm not used to seeing the bar with its "back" towards the food floor.  It makes me wonder what the intention was.
Anyway, on to the food.  The brunch was definitely pricey.  I'm not against price if it delivers a great result--be that food, clothing, or almost anything in life.  The eggs benedict were flavourful.  I enjoyed the range of organic, locally gleaned side items on the menu.  My blood orange mimosas knocked my socks off.  My partner had some sort of sausage dish, but ate everything on his plate, so I know it must have been great.  He's not an eat-everything-on-his-plate kind of a guy.  
My only other complaint might have been the timing of the service.  It wasn't quite seamless.  The food was delicious and beautifully presented, but on the small side.  I'm not a fan of huge American portions, but these were tiny for the price we paid.  I might return if they offered regular specials and made their portions a little larger.  I want to nosh, not just graze, you know?!Sat by the open window on a beautiful afternoon for lunch. Ordered the lunch specials soup and sandwiches and they were great.  However, it took almost 30 minutes to get it from the kitchen and it was 2 PM in a quiet afternoon. Otherwise the food and service were good and worth the wait.BIG FAN!
I visit Philadelphia for business and I've been patronizing this place for a long time, so this review is long overdue! I believe they celebrated their 25 yr anniversary! The  food is always delicious, service impeccable, and decor / ambience is sexy and very classy. What I admire most about the ownership is their willingness to upgrade and remodel the venue every 5 years, I guess that's why they have been in business so long. Any company that reinvests back into their business to ensure a fresh inviting and new look gets my $$$$!So, this was my second time during a visit to Philly that my friends and I decided to have our meet up brunch here before I hit the road back to DC. There are tons of brunch places in Philly, I have a few faves. I am ready to add this to the list. When I lived in Philly I did go for drinks a couple of times and also had a good experience. But about brunch...I am not sure why this place is not that crowded on Sunday during peak brunch hours...at least it wasn't for me both times that I went. I chose it because reservations for a group were easy and because they have a nice size menu for brunch. 
Good balance of small plates, shareables, and entrees also good ratio of breakfast to non breakfast. 
Portions were good size. 
Price is very reasonable. 
Also a very nice atmosphere.  In between casual and fancy.
Not to mention great service.
We ordered everything from the parm fries to the lobster omlette to the ham and polenta to the burger to the jakes egg benedict with crab cake and a couple of others. All were good. I wouldn't say it's the most amazing brunch spot b/c Philly has so many great places, BUT, for a group, not a long wait, and good list of options, it's a great spot!Dinner was delicious.  It was expensive and the atmosphere was a bit loud dur to the bar next door, but the food was outstanding.   Definitely try to save room for dessert.
Also, the Melted Smoked Gouda with Port reduction was an excellent appetizer.Stopped in Cooper's last evening for a couple drinks. Looked like a great place for a one-on-one and it was. No crowd, friendly service, pleasant atmosphere.
We had to send back a half-drank beer because the glass was dirty, and they brought us back a full glass without any hint of annoyance. The Sauvignon Blanc was crisp and delicious. We didn't have food, but the plates that were passing by smelled yummy.EDIT: Went back and things have improved. We ordered from Jakes menu and everything was out of this world. Going from 2 to 4 stars. 
PS Jakes menu is like, $$$$
I have only been one time. Went with a few friends and got a table in front of the bar. menu is based around gourmet pizza (how original meh) and picky peckish appetizers and wine selection. Pizza was ok - very rustic and predictable. Wine selection was lacking. I saw the same wines you see everywhere (distro problem?) and my overall sense is Coopers is trying too hard. There are plenty of places just like this in the area so its not really anything special. Drinks are way overpriced and the staff doesn't look like they want to be there. If you have the $$$ you wont care anyway, its probably your kind of bar. In fact thats just how it felt - a bar that serves food. Decent beer selection though, if not way overpriced for what they have. I had a salad. It had a fancy name and no balls.
whee.I came here on an evening last winter for a snack and some wine. I ended up ordering a $14 glass of wine from the specials list. Geez! The cheese board was delicious but I don't eat gluten, so the bread that came along with it was useless. More gf options would be nice. The bartender was friendly and accommodating for a single client and the other customers at the bar were friendly.Best bartendar ever! Jamie was very knowledgeable about the wines they offered. Pizza is amazing as well. We had Lisa's pizza.For food quality this place would get four stars and for service it would get 1.  So I am rating it on its average, 2, sorry no rounding up is justified for Coopers, where it takes over 2 hours to get  a brick oven margherita pizza!?  Are you kidding me and that's after they misdeliver a fig pizza AND a sausage pizza.  I was able to stay patient thanks to a very nice wine list, and the  staff were at least  knowledgeable on the wines, which are amazingly affordable for a sister restaurant of Jake's.  My patience was further tried when it took 20m to get our wines refilled.Enjoyed the food here! My boyfriend and I shared a short rib pizza and beet salad, both were really delicious. Great place to go with another couple or a date when you are walking around Main Street; however, when my boyfriend and I go out we look for unique experiences. Jake's and Cooper's doesn't seem to bring anything too unique to the table- ambiance is good, food is good, service is good. My only complaint was that we ordered a bottle of prosecco (which was quite good); however, after my first glass, the prosecco was room temperature because the waitress originally did not bring anything over to keep it cold. Once something was brought over, it was a marble bottle holder, which didn't help make the prosecco any colder. In my personal experience, an ice bucket is nicer and keeps the wine much colder.Enjoyed a late afternoon snack at the bar this past weekend.  Service was good, bartender very helpful with pizza/beer pairing recommendation.  
Whoever decided to put short ribs on a pizza with parmesan and horseradish cream is a genius!In my humble opinion, this Jakes & Cooper's servers up one of the best burgers in Philly. It's served up on a brioche bun, with bubbly Vermont cheddar cheese, caramelized onions and sauteed mushrooms. Also, it comes with a side of ketchup and a side of horseradish aioli so you can slather them atop your burger and also dip in your delicious parmesan fries. Dude, this burger is no joke. It's cooked to perfection, totally juicy and unbelievably delicious.I have only positive things to say about my experience at Jake's and Cooper's and probably my first true five star experience! 
We came here for dinner to celebrate Valentine's Day. The menu has so many incredible choices, it's hard to pick. Should we share a few apps and a pizza or settle for an app and get individual meals or get an app, share an entree and a few desserts? So many amazing options! We opted for splitting a meat and cheese board, getting our own entrees and sharing dessert. Everything we had was delicious. I got the surf and turf special, which was short rib and lobster tail over a bed of butternut squash risotto. My lobster tail was particularly great! We were pretty full but couldn't resist splitting the ice cream taco dessert which was berry toppings with raspberry sauce, salted caramel sauce and white chocolate shavings. We definitely didn't regret our choice :)
Our waiter was very kind, professional and refined. Though the restaurant didn't have an empty table in sight, the restaurant was not loud. It was romantic and intimate. Great date spot! Can't wait to go back for another occasion!First time here...the food was awesome!   My daughter and I ate family style.  Sharing is caring The crab cake small plate was very filling.  The escargot...was an acquired taste for sure;nonetheless, we'd try it again.  The 12 hour short ribs and mushroom risotto was absolutely melt in your mouth fantastic!  Great service! Delicious food!  Perfect girls day out.We arrived at 5PM for a quick meal with out of town friends.  The place was empty as could be expected on an early Saturday night.
We were greeted and seated ASAP and our waitress was soooooooooooooo nice  Mai.
She answered all our questions and then answered them again when our friends arrived.
She was very patient and polite.  Service was very good.
We had Shrimp Dumplings, Beet Salad, Mushroom Polenta, a Short Rib Pizza, Scallops and Almond cake.
Everything was very good.  I'd share the mushroom polenta next time if I could and make it a side dish.
Skip the $2 bread.  It looked good, it was nice and warm, but it had no taste???
When we were leaving the place was packed and getting louder.
We'd come back, but there are so many other place in Manyunk it might be a while.Came here for a date tonight. Sat at the bar with our bartender Mackenzie. She was so awesome. She was very knowledgeable about the food and especially the desserts and cheese. We ordered a bunch of things and shared. Had the draft red wine too. Overall
I had a great experience for the 2 hours I was there and I'll defo come
Back
For the food but especially  the service :)A decent meal but a little over priced considering the quality.  The service is super friendly and there was no pressure to leave our leisurely dining evening.  The menu is extensive so even the pickiest eaters can find something.  The menus are combined from Jake's and Cooper's Wine bar that is attached.  
Big Poppa and his lady friend and the wife and I all leisurely enjoyed dinner last night (3/5) at 8 pm to celebrate our respective 37th and 67th birthdays.  We started with the $2 bread (Which some of you may snub your nose at, but these days, everyone is on low carbs, so why not have a small fee) and the marinated olives.  We shared almost everything that came to the table.  We got crab cakes, oysters, truffle gnocci, short rib pizza, artichoke pizza, mashed sweet potatoes and duck spring rolls.  Most of the stuff was as good as expected.  All the ingredients were fresh so nothing tasted like it was from a can.  The winner was clearly the crab cakes.  If you go, be sure to get either the entree size or the at least the small plate size.  
There is a really good wine list with lots of variety, a little pricey, but they offer many by the glass and some cheap stuff too.  A few selections of beer.  They really do get an A for effort though and it is a pretty decent meal.  But it's not like I plan on rushing back.Stopped there for a late lunch and had the shrimp sandwich. It's a smallish sandwich but very good with their homemade chips. The service was great even at 3pm. I will go back.1st time visitor and it was really good! I Will be making another visit hopefully soon. Short rib pizza was amazing . Grilled octopus salad was really good but I would prefer it was clean up a little. Parm fries were crunchy. Staff was friendly and ambience was clean and sleek. Very comfy place. Can't wait to try some new things of the menuMediocre overpriced food. Crab cake was fried and oily. Fries over salted. Good date spot though.Absolutely love this place. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and the atmosphere and food was amazing. Beautiful open window, so if your sitting inside you still get the outside feels. We started off with escargot. I've had escargot in Paris and Jake and Cooper's was just as good. Seafood salad was delicious as well. Great mix of crab, scallops and shrimp with a lemon dressing! For my main course I had the mussels. They were well cooked however I would change one thing. The broth had sausage pieces in it. I wasn't the biggest fan. It changed the taste completely. With mussels I prefer a buttery garlicky goodness. Hey, to each is own right. Side note: I didn't let that stop me from finishing them. No mussel was left behind.  Boyfriend ordered a burger and he ate it all. I'm assuming it was good. 
The staff was also great. They were very attentive to us. Refilled my sangria when it got low and gave us complimentary champagne for my birthday. Which bring me to the cake. It's was a thick chocolatey delicious surprise. We ate every bite. This place was so good I almost forgot I was one year older 
I'll be back.I got the seared king salmon with garlic puree, the salmon was very good, and the garlic puree was very delicious, highly recommend that. My boyfriend got braised short rib which was also quite good, very tender.
One minus point is that my boyfriend's red wine was very cold.Came here for lunch with a large group. We started with a marguerita pizza, spring rolls and gnocchi for the table. The spring rolls were the only think that really jumped out at me. The pizza was bland and the basil gnocchi was oily (I was expecting a creamier texture).  For my entree, I had the seafood salad. It was fresh and very tasty with avacado, shrimp, calami and fresh crabmeat sandwiched between two ripe tomato slices. For $16, however, the serving size can only be described as miniature.  
For dessert we finished with the profiteroles wirh chantily cream and pecan ice cream, served with a delicious hot chocolate sauce.  Quite the "Parisian" experience.  
I think this place would be a good spot for two people: ordering 3 or 4 small dishes between two people would be a perfect portion size.Can't say a bad thing about our experience here this past Saturday night. What a nice surprise to have such a fantastic dining experience. We opted for all apps and they were all very delicious. Shrimp cocktail, everything bread, cheese board, house marinated olives, calamari, and the best crab cake we've ever had. We will definitely be back... most likely for the crab cake.I have been there three times.  My first time I got a Salad and wine....ok...you would think as a wine bar they would have bottles that you normally would not be able to get in the Wine and Spirit Shop...salad was ok...nothing spectacular.
Second time...just got wine.
Third Time...went on a thursday at 6pm....I called on Monday to make a reservation (which they do not do)...so I let them know there were 10-12 people coming in on Thursday.  Evan the manager and the hostess were not accommodating at all. You would think as a new restaurant, you would want business....but they were willing to turn us away.  After deciding to stay, we took a few tables in the front of the restaurant, but Evan was not happy that we took 3 tables.  I will not return....and I know the other people who were there with me will not be back....too bad Coopers...you lost out!  12 girls with big mouths....imagine the bad word of mouth you are receiving now?Jake's and Cooper's is just one of those places that we always go to for work lunches. I think over the years I've dismissed it based on that popularity factor, but yesterday's lunch reminded me why it is popular amongst my colleagues. 
I was in a salad-y mood and feeling a little adventurous.  I opted for the Grilled Octopus salad. When my lunch was served, I was almost taken aback because the presentation made it look tiny. After diving in, it just seemed the octopus, arugula, potato, onion, fennel capers and mint were stacked high. The tahini chickpea puree was located on both sides of the dish for easy dipping. The octopus was perfectly on point and they were actually pretty generous with the amount included. 
This wasn't our server's first circus and she did a great job with this business lunch. She was professional and attended to our needs at all of the right times. 
I started writing this review thinking I'd give it a 4- star rating. These aren't 4-star words. Five-stars to Jake's and Cooper's for providing a great place for a business lunch.Fantastic, well thought out and creative dishes, excellent happy hour wine choices and super, personable service.Since everyone has already raved about the pizzas, I'll rave about the other amazing yummy things they have. 
1. Cocktail up. you can't go wrong with any cocktail on their menu. Perfect to start off with appetizers. 
2. Appetizers.Tuna tartar - amazing. It is accompanied with these crisps mini fried 'chips' that are to die for. 
3. The sea scallops - around 6 OZs and amazing - cooked to perfection. Mine came with 5 giant sea scallops and I couldn't finish the dish.
4. The grilled swordfish. you will either love or not and my husband LOVED. It was a little too salty for my taste but he loved every bite. 
5. Dessert - the profiteroles -delicious and HUGE, served with three giant scoops of ice cream - enough for the whole table to share. 
6. The service was beyond compare - attentive, friendly, and helpful with the menu. 
If you haven't been here for a dining experience - try it out. You might like..or LOVE it.Though Manayunk has an array of restaurants and bars, Cooper's wine bar concept fills a niche. If you enjoy drinking wine and want to do so in a warm environment Cooper's is the way to go. There is no other restaurant in Manayunk that offers the same ambiance with a decent wine list. 
After reading several of the reviews I have come to the conclusion that the reason I enjoy Cooper's so much is because I go primarily for the wine. I have tried all of red wines on the menu and I don't believe you can find them at the wine and spirits shop. Unless someone knows where to get Four Vines Zinfandel (my favorite on their menu)? 
The food is merely there to snack on...So if you're expecting fine dining you've come to the wrong place. If you go for the wine and order some pizza or cheese to snack on I think you will be satisfied.I'm going to give this review a five biased my overall experience not just the food alone. First off if you go ask for Mai (our server for the day)? shes amazing. Very pleasant attentive and provided excellent service. We stayed at the restaurant for several hours to eat, drink and relax and take in some of the nice weather outdoors. We sat out front. All the food I ordered was excellent. I had the crab cake, muscles, mac & cheese along with their signature bread all yum. I will definitely be back regularly especially if the food and service are consistent.I went here quite a few times with my girlfriends, and once with my husband for our anniversary dinner since there was a hurricane and nothing else was open.  After making the mistake of ordering pricey wine a few times (which was always delicious) I discovered the 1/2 carafe of "cheap wine" which is also delicious and gives you about 3 glasses of wine for $12.  SOLD
During our "hurricane anniversary dinner" the server surprised us with complimentary dessert, and wrote "Happy Anniversary" with raspberry sauce on our plate.  Adorable.
The food has never disappointed.  I know they have impressive salads, although nothing is really sticking out in my head at the moment, which is why I am not giving out a full 5 star review.4 words: GREAT service. DELICIOUS food!
Ok apparently that was too few words according to Yelp:
Went last night for dinner and every employee was friendly and attentive. We have not one complaint about the food. I get beet salads everywhere and this one may have been my favorite...chicken and accompanying ingredients were fabulous. We will definitely be going back for another date night!!Great pizza! Great sangria!! I went to Cooper's on a lunch date and it was a very nice atmosphere. The service was great and the spicy meatball pizza was delicious! Cooper's may be a little overpriced but is definitely worth it if you are looking for a nice pizza lunch or dinner.The sun was blazing hot today--it always seems to be during the Manayunk Arts Festival. We ducked into Coopers, because we were hot, tired and very hungry. 
The service at brunch was attentive and prompt, and the bottle of sparkling water they brought was nice and cold. We decided to each order separate entrees and then share. I had the Coopers Eggs Benedict, and my friend ordered the arugula salad. 
Despite the fact that the restaurant was crowded, our server stayed close at hand. When the plates were delivered, we were pleased. The arugula salad was large, with goat cheese, roasted and sweetened pine nuts. I don't care for overdressed salad, but this one could have had more. 
I had ordered the benedict, and that's where the restaurant shined. The small, single crabcake they served was filled with crabmeat, very little filler and a nice, crispy coating. The crabcake was served on a bed of six perfectly cooked (and slightly al dente) asparagus. A poached egg and holladaise topped it all. The hollandaise was light (which I liked) yet still rich. And the egg was poached perfectly. 
The restaurant was a great place to stop, and the next time we're in Manayunk, we might just return.I love to come back to Manayunk and eat.  This was my first time to Jake's and we were pleased with both cuisine and service.
Our server (Jamie) was extremely knowledgeable with the menu and how each dish was prepared.  She also helped us through a wine selection that didn't result in the highest cost bottle.  
We started with some appetizers.  Tuna Tatare then Mussels with Garlic Shrimp.  The tuna was outstanding.  It had a nice fatty flavor (like velvet) and the chef let it stand on its own.
For the main course, I had the grilled octopus salad.  Of course Jamie let me know it was so tender because it had been marinated for over five hours.  It was really tender and the grill gave it a smokey flavor.  My friend had a Pizza with Fig, Fontina, Ham and topped with arugula.  I had a slice and it may be the best pizza I've put in my mouth.
A great meal.Cooper's is my go to place for lunch and dinner. The roasted stuffed mission figs and tuna tartare are superb. I love the thin crust open fire pizza, it's perfect. The burgers delicious and cooked exactly the way I order it. I am not a big fan of anything fried, but their fries are irresistibly good. 
It is open, airy, friendly, cozy and the service is excellent. Bon Apptit!Certainly always a favorite among locals and I am one of them. A small word of caution...beware the waiter named Tony! He's been slacking around for years as others like lovely and capable Marie pick up his slack. Not sure how he has held on to his job there all this time but retrain him please or stop sending him my way! More Marie's! She matches the food and decor and gets the tips to prove it:) at least she did from me, today, after she finished what Tony could not.I went to this Jake's & Coopers for drinks once and finally returned to sample their food.  They had a good selection of cocktails and other drinks - there was a lot to choose from.  I really loved the tuna tartare.  It was a bit unusual because of the grapefruit, and avocado that came with it.  Those flavors just gave it an extra something.  So far my favorite tartare in Philly.  I also had the artichoke mac n cheese.  It was such a great idea!  I definitely want to try it out myself.  The artichoke was a great balance to the creaminess of the cheese.  And they did just the right amount of breadcrumbs.  Definitely pleased.Excellent pizzas and salads.  Great for sharing.  This is an old standby when I'm in Manayunk because I know it will always be really good.  Booths are awkward for dates because the tables are so big, it makes you feel like you are closer to the person in the booth next to you than to the person you are dining with.I took my GF here for our anniversary. I love the food here. Our server was very nice, Nicole. I requested a certain table a couple weeks back, they ensured me I would have it, 2'ce. I didn't get it. I also work as a server. So I understand the logistics that you cannot force a couple to move. But it would have really made my night if they had made sure prior to me coming they would have reserved the table. As petty as it sounds, it would have gotten a 5 star review.Short rib pizza was great.  Parm fries were good.  Maple brussel sprouts made me feel healthy in light of all the bad for me stuff.  Just order one of each of the sides and you won't be disappointed.Nice scenery in good weather.  You can sit outside and people-watch.  And even the inside has nice decor, so I give this place high marks for ambience.  The service was good, attentive, friendly, and the food was ok, not knock-the-lights out, but what you might expect for the neighborhood.  This review is a bit late, but I am left with good memories of this restaurant!What a nice wine bar! It was my first time there not long ago but I already want to go back. The wine is reasonably priced and their other drinks were amazing. I had the sangria and a strawberry mojito that were both tasty and strong! They don't skimp out on the vodka at all. They had Tito's vodka there so that was a plus. I went with a friend and we both had a blast. It has a great atmosphere, great place for a date since the lights are somewhat dim (not sure if that sounds weird or not). The bartender was great, I forgot his name but he was really attentive and helpful as well. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in the area. Really liked the atmosphere and the people!This is our signature date night.. We love the cheap bottle of red. We also love the cheese platter.. We have come many times just to have a light dinner. We also make it a tradition to have vday there..brunch is also amazing!Dined in the restaurant on Saturday night with a few friends. We were referring to it as the "old people side" since the bar side of the restaurant seemed way younger and since we were seated between a 6-top and 4-top of at least 60 year olds. It felt like the early bird, but it was 8pm. Anywho, the food was outstanding, the cheese board was delicious, burger was amazing, mussels were bland and didn't bring out any of the delectable ingredients in the broth, the grilled octopus was divine as well.
The reason this place gets a 3 is clearly the service. I see that several Yelpers also have something less than nice to say. Jake's - you really need to clean house and have service that matches the food, otherwise people will stop coming. 
Our server, Richard (Dick), was a real pompous jerk. I would order a Riverhorse Tripel, but since I pronounced it as "triple" (which is definitely used in the beer world to describe a triple or tripel style ale), I was corrected, not once but twice, in an extremely condescending tone by the waiter enunciating "TRI-PEL, so you'll have the Riverhorse Tripel". This was the only "Tripel" on the menu and was the 1st beer listed, I think he knew what I wanted. 
Then there was some waiter-induced confusion in ordering the cheese and charcuterie plate. We began by ordering the 2 cheeses for the plate and waiter-man suggested their smoked gouda dip. We were clearly within the confines of ordering the charcuterie and were talked into the smoked gouda. When we tried to complete the plate, Dick said the smoked gouda is a separate dish and not included. At this point, he must have thought we were idiots and could not differentiate 2 separate items on a menu. He corrected us again and we ended up with a delicioius charcuterie plate.
The 3rd and last straw was my ordering of the moscato. I simply asked for the moscato which was on the dessert menu in my hand. Again, with condescension, he perfectly enunciates "Oh, the Moscato d'Asti" in perfect snooty italian. 
I would go to this place for the outstanding food, but to be mocked by the service without cause or provocation is so unprofessional, I am never going back nor would I recommend this place to anyone I know.My husband and I grabbed brunch at Jake's this past Sunday.  It was our first time there, and we can't wait to go back.  We started out with the cheese & salami plate.  It was on the smaller side, but put together very well.  Still, not sure it was worth nearly $25.  We both enjoyed our entrees, and found them to be reasonably priced. My husband's food could have been hotter, but mine was fine. The $5 drink menu was a nice surprise, and had a good selection to choose from.
*** Finally back to finish my review, and just wanted to note that we have been back for brunch several times.  Each time, the food has been great and the service very efficient.  We keep meaning to try dinner one night, but have yet to do so.I've been there a few times now.  I've had the scallops (I got 3 on my plate, stuffed with sausage - very yummy, great appetizer size).  Their salads and pizzas are good, too.  So is there apple cobbler (mouth-watering good, if you like a cobbler that's not too sweet...).  There is something for everyone on the wine list, too.  And yes, the atmosphere is nice.  
However, I have to say, the service is HORRIBLE when there's any semblance of a crowd in the restaurant.  Service is OK during the off hours.  But it STINKS when it's busy.  I really was frustrated at how slow the servers were during dinnertime.  It was unacceptable.  If they had 1-2 more servers on the floor, it would have solved the problem.  I don't think it was the servers' fault.  
If the service was any better, I'd give it 4 stars.  
I've seen others make the same comments, so I really hope that they figure out that they have a problem sooner rather than later.I have to give this place 3 stars do to price point on some of the items on the menu some things are just pocket gougers! Overall this is a very nice place with excellent Pizza. We had the spicy meatball which was nothing short of amazing and I have to say those had to be some of the best Parmesan fries i have ever had. We felt bad about loading up on carbs and meat and went for a veggie dish which were the string beans with shallots, very tasty. In addition to having great house made oven baked pizza the wine list was nothing to sneeze at there was something for every one from the food snob to the inexperienced. I will be revisiting.The only place on main street to satisfy my need of assorted cheeses and meats.  Wine by the glass didn't suck either.Make a reservation!
This tiny pizza and wine bar gets pretty darn cozy...er crowded on the weekends and you might find yourself in for an hour or more wait after 7pm as seating is limited. The outdoor seating should open things up a bit come warmer weather. You'll just have to contend with drunk coeds as they shout up and down Main Street and wobble along in their hooker heels.
The brick oven pizza is freakin' fantastic! I indulged in the portobella mushroom with goat and fontina cheeses and shallots. The sweetness of the shallots were a delectable contrast to the rich, earthiness of the mushrooms and the tang of the cheeses. The crust is thin and just crispy enough to give you a satisfying crunch around the edges. My mother ordered the crabcake and could not stop raving, deeming it the best crabcake she's had in her life. Now who would have thought one would find such a crabcake in Manayunk!?
The tomato salad was good but would probably be better come summer when tomatoes are truly in season. I thought it interesting that the tomatoes came on the vine after being warmed, plated atop a bed of fresh mozzarella with a dollop of pesto and frisee. Unfortunately, the heat makes the vine rather brittle and I had to spend some time wrangling my tomatoes free of their stems while trying to avoid bits of the vine in my forkfuls of cheese. Brownie points for creativity, though! 
Their beer and wine selections are impressive and won't break the bank. They always have "cheap" wines by the glass. I was also happy to see that they offer local craft brews since most places on Main Street seem to specialize in Natty Light-like slop straight out of the keg. 
The only thing I really can't get over, though, is the fact that Manayunk is still populated by college kids running amok on Friday and Saturday nights making it hard to actually enjoy outdoor dining or a stroll along Main Street. I usually feel safe inside a place like Cooper's which is too rich for the likes of most kids, but somehow found myself having to use the restaurant's men's room when a gaggle of girls took over the women's room to powwow about some ridiculous woe involving a cell phone and a boy. Seriously!? Take your Ugg boots elsewhere! Luckily, management swiftly took care of them.I finally decided to post about Jakes after coming here 3 times and always having a great experience. Unlike many other places in manayunk this place is slightly more upscale but the service is amazing. I have been here for lunch and watching the Eagles game. The food is awesome. You can have great wines and beers without a ton of noise. I highly recommend!I still have the same feelings about Coopers...  pizzas are delicious, wine is good and desserts are yummy.
I tried ordering a non-pizza item to try something different.  Big mistake.  This is seriously the only restaurant where I've ever sent food back .  This time I ordered some spicy shrimp and cherry tomato dish.  Totally inedible.  I had to send it back.  They forgot to add the flavor to the dish when they overcooked the shrimp.  
I think I've learned my lesson and will return but only for their pizzas.The servers is good and the staff is very nice, never had an issue with that. Good happy hour selection for food and drinks. Reasonably priced. 
Good atmosphere but I think the TV takes away from the classy ambience. Love the decor. 
The drinks are AMAZING and STRONG. 
The food is just ok to me. It's not nasty or anything but I don't think it's anything special.
I had the ceviche, margarita pizza, crab cakes the last time I was here (my 4th visit). 
I will return just because I like the vibe and drinks.Coopers is a much needed classy but not stuffy wine bar on Main Street Manayunk. While it is no Tria, it does have a nice selection of wines and some pretty good small plates and appetizers. Best of all is that the swank atmosphere acts as a sort of "douche-bag repellent": No drunk idiots here, just well-dressed singles out for a drink.Cooper's is not at the top of my list, but it's a good place for drinks and a meal. It's local, it's cozy, and the service is good. I can walk there from home. It's not phenomenal food but it has some clever menu items. They have nice wine and beer options.
The wait staff mentions that you won't receive your food orders all at once, it is served as it is prepared. I guess some people aren't used to that. It's not bad though, if you're just going out for drinks this place is nice.Love this place. Great environment and delicious food. They have very pleasant outdoor and open-window seating, when weather is nice. Stuff is pleasant and did I mention it - food is awesomeNot Good!!! handmade chips tasted like they were from a bag and the parmesan fries are regular fries with a whole bunch of powder shaken on them and they need to offer some kind of sour cream or something because it was dry as hellI had an amazing dinner at Jake's last night. Once again, another amazing meal. I'm not exaggerating when I say it's the best food I've ever had. I probably could have eaten just the bread the entire night, but I'm thrilled I didn't. We went on a seafood extravaganza and I can't wait to do it again. The mussels, oysters, and scallops were to die for. For dessert we had the ice cream taco and almond cake. AMAZING.
I'm so excited to go back.Great wine selection and atmosphere. Really cool spot on Main Street if you are looking for more than a burger and a beer. A bit upper in price but you get what you pay for, good portions and great taste. The front of the restaurant opens up when it's nice out and I definitely look forward to going back!food is pretty good. decent beers on tap. great wine selection. service is pretty good, especially in Manayunk.Live nearby and have been there several times wanting to like it. The menu items sound good. The interior looks nice. Saw them cutting fresh pears for the bar. But the food itself simply isn't very good, and we consistently leave disappointed. For example, I've waited too long for eggs Benedict (with crab cake and sausage, sounds good right?) only to have it arrive cold. But everyone else already had their meal, I was hungry, and didn't have time to send it back. another time, a breakfast quesadilla "special" with short rib was short on short rib. A $14 salad had what appeared to be canned chicken (at best premade, processed, cold), when at this price a grill mark or two would be nice (even McDonald's has figured this out). In conclusion, there are tastier options at more reasonable prices in the area where the food is imbued with the love with which it is prepared (I suggest smileys cafe, or sorentinos deli for a hoagie, or handy nasty for some delicious Chinese, or couch tomato), and we have now decided not to go back. Maybe for a drink...Well, ended up at Han Dynasty, but the wait was to long, so ventured across the street to jakes! Glad that we did, the food was outstanding. The pizza was incredible from the brick oven, the duck spring rolls were really good, and the baked chicken with a bread pudding was simply superb! The bread pudding was like a thanksgiving stuffing, great touch. Ended the meal with the ice cream taco! The fruit that topped it was top quality! Good place in manayunk and only minutes away!I love this restaurant ! My husband and I are big foodies and we have tried numerous restaurants in he city- Coopers is one of the best!!!!! I have never had a bad experience and the service is amazing ! They have excellent wine and amazing deserts !!!! I think the deserts are the best in the city!!! Especially the ice cream taco! Whether you are in the mood for a casual meal or a steak or fish dinner go to Coopers! You will enjoy it.went here on a date a few weeks ago.  the food was awesome. I got the roasted beet salad (HUGE chunks of yellow and red beets) with a nice solid square of fresh goat cheese in the middle.  accompanied with fresh mandarin orange slices and I asked to have some arugula placed on top.  the dressing was a sherry vinaigrette and was perfect. we also got the portabella mushroom & shallot pizza. came with goat cheese, thyme, and truffle oil on a thin crust.  so yummy!! 
it was somewhat loud inside (which was weird for a monday night) but i guess noise just carries inside? over all: waitress was helpful and attentive.  food was great. wine list was nice. i'd come back!!I really liked this place. It had an elegant yet local feel to it. The fine list was good and the service was great. I will be returning soon.I've been here three times and they were all good experiences. The one guy bartender is great. Listens to what you want, can make a random delicious drink. I had a pizza, which was awesome. The burger was great too, just not worth 18 dollars. Even the pizza, a personal size, is 15 dollars. I would say stick to the drinks here, forget the food. Just wayyyyy too expensive.Way too pretentious and over priced for the food they serve. 
Surf and turf was almost bad. 
The ice cream taco desert was very good but no idea why they are serving such an unsophisticated dish in a place that wants to be Le Bec Fin. 
One other thing, the backwaiter yelled 'excuse me' every time he came to bring something to or clear the table. I don't get it?Endlessly great local Manayunk spot, with a higher end open window, open door, fun for all, classy for mom or a date, wine, cocktail and food vibe. Amazing in the spring & summer to wander Manayunk and stop by for a glass or several, out in the Main Street sun. Worth it, and great service.
Glad they re-opened after the flood, better than ever!Great service and very good food. Cosmo and Bruce all always on the scene to take care of things and the staff is very attentive.I had an absolutely amazing meal at Cooper's! My server, Jeremiah, was attentive and speedy. The food was delicious. I started with their wonderful bread and was thrilled all the way until I finished my raspberry chocolate dessert. I even got to meet the owner (super pleasant and down to earth!) and one of the chefs. 
I highly recommend Cooper's for a night out with friends or as a cute date spot.2 years later, still in love with this place, and still can't find a better burger than the Jake's burger.  Excellent beer selection as well!Food never disappoints. Service is good and the pizza is great. I get the beet salad usually other then that the salmon is pretty good.Always nice to go somewhere new and have a really nice experience.
Maureen , our server, was especially nice. If you can get her table she'll make the evening as good as it can get. Have to say that all the people in the restaurant were very pleasant and helpful. If you're stuck on what wine to order have the manager come over and he won't steer you wrong. I had an Austrian red I had never heard of before and it was outstanding, especially for $9 a glass. It was one of his special wines of the week.
The salads were very ample, and both were fresh and had light but flavorful dressings on them.
The pepperoni pizza was good and the size is 8" , so you can split it and have plenty.
I had the liver and onions, which is hard to find on most menu's, and it was cooked exactly like I ordered.
Had to leave to meet people so didn't sample desserts, but will absolutely go back again.
If they would just switch to black napkins , and if parking were easier in Manyunk the place would be perfect.One of these most delicious pizzas I've ever had and the happy hour sangria was something to write-home about.
Amazing selection of wines and great decor.As I sit here trying to decide how many stars to allocate to my recent dinner at Coopers, I cannot think of ONE complaint, nor one thing I'd improve upon, so therefore even though I try to be pretty discerning about doling out "5 stars", I have no choice but to give Cooper's my highest rating. 
Serving a group of 7 ex-sorority girls cannot be easy... hemming and hawwing over everything from entrees, to apps, to drinks, to bottle vs. carafe can take a verrrrry long time. Luckily, our server was extremely patient and attentive, and very nicely made sure that we had enough time to satisfactorily make up our minds. 
Once the orders were made, our wine glasses were kept full, and our food came out promptly. The butternut squash mac-n-cheese was amazing, the lobster perogies were delicious, and the burger with parmesan fries and horseradish sauce was perfect. (Although I didn't try everything my companions ordered, the presentation on everything was very nice.) For dessert we all split a cookie taco, which was also awesome. 
We left happily full after an awesome meal, good wine, great service, and perfect finishing touch: they validate parking. 
I'd happily go back to Cooper's, anytime.Jake's will always have a very special place in my heart. Years ago when my husband and I got engaged we went here for dinner after. The staff gave us complimentary champagne and an appetizer. I've always thought that this was so thoughtful, and now we go there every year on our wedding anniversary! We also love to come here for New Years and were so sad that they were closed this year because of their water main. But, they have reopened and they are quite possibly even better. Draft wines are really cool. They also always have a good selection of "cheap wine". Jake's has hands down the best crab cakes I have ever had in my life, I crave these crab cakes specifically and substitutions will not do. Their pizzas are also really yummy. Jake's also knows how to cook a burger to the temperature you want. Their Jake's prime burger is legit mouthwatering. Their kitchen and staff are consistent and always good, we have never left disappointed by either. Jake's is an institution in Manayunk and I am lucky it is a short walk away!I have had a couple average experiences here, however my most recent visit was absolutely horrible.  The restaurant was not busy in the least.  We ordered two appetizers which came out 30-45 minutes after the order being placed.  The calamari was way below average.  It tasted old and flavorless.  The tuna was pretty good.  Our salads came out about 2 minutes after the appetizer arrived.  The waiter put them down and walked away as I was asking for pepper.  Salads were fine.  I ordered a steak.  Once again had an extremely long wait for our steak and we had to get our drinks refilled at the bar as our waiter was nowhere to be found.  I have never once sent back a steak.  I order it medium rare and if it is anywhere in that area I am not overly picky.  This steak was beyond well done.  It was not edible.  I sent it back.  The next steak came back in less than 5 minutes.  I was appreciative but it was a little odd.  The steak was basically raw in some areas and cooked fine in others.  This tells me the chef clearly took a torch to it and cooked it that way to get the order out.  I ate what I could.  We ordered dessert as the ice cream taco there is one of my favorites.  Dessert took so long that we cancelled the order and asked for our tab.  They charged us for the dessert as well as a beer that we did not order.  At this point I wanted to get this experience over and just paid the bill.Can't speak much about their menu. Not that it's bad, it's that their burger is incredible and thus far the only thing I've wanted to get from them. Great bun, meat, cheese, etc. Comes with parmesan fries and aioli sauce. Top drawer burger.I went to Jake's for Sunday brunch -- feeling I needed to get out of the city for a bit.  Amidst the little boutiques and shops of Mananyuk, is the sure-to-impress Jake's.  The decor is really nice and unique, and I imagine looks great in the evening.  We had the fixe price brunch ($17.50) which included a first course and a second course.  Everything was delicious.    This would be a perfect spot to come on a birthday dinner, and one I'd definitely return to.I just don't love this place.  Although I really like the ambiance and when the open the windows up during the warmer months, I'm never completely comfortable on the stools, nor do I care for the food.  The wine selection is nice, but it's not easy on the wallet.  I've had 3 meals there and every time there was something I didn't like.  I find the "gourmet" selections just ho-hum, my pizza was definitely burnt & the salad was nothing special.  Because I like the decor and open air effect of the place, I'll try it one more time next spring/summer and see how the food is.  If it's bad, then I certainly won't be back.  For the money, I'd much rather go somewhere with better food.Best on main street. Food is fantastic. Great selection of bourbons and beers on tap.I have two words for you: cookie taco.
Yes, the brick oven pizza is good. And ok, maybe the pork chop was described by my husband as "the best I've ever had." But that's not what we're here to talk about . I want you to know about the majesty on the dessert menu that is the cookie taco.
When I saw it, I assumed it was like a fancy choco-taco. And it is, if choco-tacos were made with crack, by a unicorn. The cookie taco is ice cream, white chocolate, caramel sauce, and raspberry sauce all contained in a taco-shaped pastry covered in cinnamon. It is the best reason to tempt the fates of diabetes, and it's a good size to share (though I could finish one off by myself without issue). 
You know you want a cookie taco.I was very disappointed with our brunch at Jake's today for Father's Day. When we first sat down, I told the waitress I was allergic to dairy. She interpreted this to mean I didn't want the mascarpone on the french toast. She put in the order "plain."  That is not the same as non-dairy. It came out with no berries (after all, she wrote "plain"). And as she served it to me, 45 minutes later, she said, "it's made with half and half." So I had to send it back. Meanwhile, she almost removed the berries that had just been served to me. I ordered a burger, medium. It came out almost raw. I had to send that back also. Nobody apologized to me or acted as if they had anything to apologize about. The restaurant was half-empty. I should have been treated better.I think most Philly area foodies assume that there aren't many reasons to check out Manayunk's dining scene if you aren't local to Northwest Philadelphia and this is largely true. So if you'd been avoiding Manayunk on account of its [deservedly] poor culinary reputation, you might be surprised at the frequency with which Jake's and Cooper's Wine Bar is mentioned as a contender on Best Pizza in Philly lists.
To be sure, I don't think they could ever win this title outright - I think there is a lot of equally good (not to mention better) pizza in Center City and South Philly but *for the area* Jake's and Cooper's definitely sets the gourmet pizza bar. 
They do a darn good high-end pie in a really nice setting that is also casual and relaxed if you're on the bar side after 9:00ish (my personal preference when I go here). The two we've had are Lisa's (hold the olives, my b/f doesn't do them) and the three-cheese. The crust really makes the pizza - it's incredibly light but still has some great taste and texture. From there, it's just a matter of adding carefully selected, high quality ingredients. For example, the three cheese pizza isn't your typical mozz/parm/ricotta blend, it does have mozz but the other two cheeses are sottocenare and fontina and each slice is topped with a piece of crispy sage - really, really interesting, complex flavor.
My one minor complaint about the pizza is that they serve it ceramic platers, which can cause a slight sogginess issue when moisture starts to condense between the plate and the bottom of the crust :( - such a shame when the pizza is so good! I'd advise them to consider a wooden (or even metal) serving option - please! for the pizza's sake! ;)
The times we've had the pizza, we sat on the bar side. I've also had dinner on the restaurant side twice and found both experiences expensive but otherwise forgettable. However, I did really love the artichoke/asiago omelet I got when we came for brunch on my birthday last year. They also have *excellent* coffee.I wasn't sure if I should write this review about Jake's or Cooper's, but since we were actually seated in Cooper's, I decided to go for that.
My fiance and I are on a bit of a tight budget, but wanted to have the chance to go out somewhere and get dressed up.  We decided that we could get the best of both worlds (inexpensive but dressy) by going to somewhere nice for dessert only.
We walked into Jake's, which is definitely the classier of the two, but on hearing that we were only interested in dessert, the host ferried us over to Cooper's.  OK, not quite the dressy, quiet, romantic dessert we were looking for, but the volume was at a good level, our booth was somewhat private, and the lighting was perfect.
The waiter brought us the menus and we perused for a bit - everything sounded so good that we couldn't choose.  We narrowed it down to two, and asked the waiter for his opinion.  His response?  A short, curt "they're both good.  I don't know, what do you want?"  When I asked what he thought of the dishes, or if he could give us a better description, he read the description straight off the menu to us.  Thanks, dude.  We decided on the almond cake with lavender-something ice cream and fresh raspberries (sounds delectable, no?), and decided to splurge on a cheese platter as well.
The food looked delicious when it arrived.  However, the almond cake was dry and heavy.  It would have been complemented nicely by the ice cream, had there been more than a tablespoon of it on top.  The raspberries also complemented the cake nicely, but there were only six of them.  For an $8 dessert, I expected something much better.
As for the cheese platter, they didn't give us nearly enough bread, and the waiter didn't offer to give us any more until the very end.    Taste-wise, the cheese was good and the additional spread was also good.
Service was not great.  The waiter came by only once to fill up our water, and both of our glasses had been completely empty for about 15 minutes at that point.  He was curt, unfriendly, and abrupt throughout the evening.
I can't speak to the entrees, but here's the bottom line for the dessert menu: nowhere near good enough for the price.  We won't be getting dessert here again, and we will think twice about spending our hard-earned money on dinner.If you are looking for casual with ambiance or a patio.  Also great service and sangria.  Have not had entrees only appetizers, pizza and dessert - all delish.i dont know if i was at jakes or coopers or both. but i'll review because the pictures look like the restaurant i was at. 
ok so i ordered a lot of food. we went on a friday night and it was crowded but we were seated right away. the spring rolls were very tasty and hot. the salad i ordered i felt like was too big for an appetizer. i also had soup that was ok but a little too sweet. plus it was so hot i hardly got to eat it until my entree came out. i ordered a burger which was very delicious and cooked just as i ordered it. i can only eat well meat because im pregnant and it was just right. so i didnt have to send it back.
overall the service was average, she was somewhat attentive but didnt go above and beyond. i would go back with friends as it seems really cool with a large group.I'm new to the area and this restaurant singlehandly takes the cake for both food and service; the best restaurant in Manayunk so far!What we had:
-Chicken Liver Mousse: Served with crostinis and brandied cherries - this was such a great starter.  The mousse was perfect, rich but easy to eat all of your crostinis and have to ask for more.  We ended up saving it for our pizza later on!   
-Shrimp Dumplings:  Nothing extraordinary here, they were good but I feel like there was a lot more on the menu that looked better. 
-3-cheese pizza:  This was a great little pizza.  I honestly could have eaten it all alone, but shared it.  A very simple pizza but the Sottocenere truffle cheese is what made it amazing.  When you get to the crust, spread on some of the chicken livers and it really caps it off perfectly!
Atmosphere:
Quiet and somewhat intimate.  A very nice place to grab some dinner with friends (which we did).  Could have stayed around for an additional beer since there is a full service bar, but wanted to try the Goat's Beard down the street.  There is an open kitchen so you can watch that or one of the TVs at the bar (there was a football game on!).  It was a nice mixture of class and casual - not too stuffy but classy enough to warrant a higher end dinner experience.   
Service:
Waitress was very pleasant and our food was served promptly.  The entire staff seemed friendly and made the experience that much more special.Over priced and over rated. Had 'dinner' with 2 other friends there today 4/18/15 around 5:15.....our first time there. Service was horrible, mojitos in small cups 10.00 each, waited for our food for 45 min, no bread, ridiculously small food portions for 3 grown men....left there and stopped elsewhere since we were still hungry. We expressed our concerns to the manager and came back with a 'salad' which contained a slab of lettuce and tomato on a huge plate.  REALLY??? Server was the worst I have encountered in years; not friendly at all, never came back to check up on our food once served.  Just moved into the area.....will never eat or drink there again. Suggestion....many other choices on Main Street!!!  Would never recommend coopers to friends or visit that establishment ever again!Stopped into Cooper's for a quick drink and a snack and thought it was OK. The beer selection is decent, including some beers you don't see often, and the wine selection seems to be very good. I also noticed that they have some good liquor for craft distilleries, so that is a bonus, 
In terms of food, I really like what they have going on with the menu. They have everything from light snacks (olives, cheese board, charcuterie boards) through small plates, pizzas, and entrees (like ribeye steak). I got the housemade olives, which were very good and a bargain at $4 for the amount you get. Then we split a BBQ pulled pork pizza, which was really tasty, but perhaps a little pricey at $15 for a personal pizza. For one beer each, the olives, and the pizzas, the check came out to $40 before tip. Seemed a little high, but whatever. 
The ambiance inside is very nice, and the bartender was nice enough. I'm not sure about the crowd this places draws, though. Most of the places on Main St, like most of the places in Philadelphia, are cultivating more of a gastropub/relaxed feel to them. Cooper's seems like one of the few remaining places on Main St where you get lots of the pretentious pseudo-riche. I could definitely pass on the crowd that was there when we visited. 
Overall, this is not a bad place, they have a good bar selection, and the food is tasty.Soggy pizza must be one of the most unappealing things ever placed on a plate. The service was average, but I left hungry.Absolutely love this place, just wish it was a little cheaper.  I never get out of here with a bill less than $100, but the quality of food is always delicious.  We went last Friday and were seated right away.  Got the special appetizer of sweetbreads, and then had the special stuffed quail.  It was so juicy and the stuffing was great.  My favorite thing had to be the butternut squash mac and cheese, which my date ordered along with the roasted beet salad.  The mac and cheese was the perfect portion and the cheese sauce oozed throughout the noodles.  I think I'd go back just for that.  
The only good thing price-wise, is their house wine which we got a half carafe of.  It's always a good accompaniment to the meal, and cheap at $12.  
Although I didn't get dessert that night, I have gone there just for dessert since I am in love with their profiteroles.  Nothing hits the spot like homemade ice cream.The service was very good and the ambiance was nice, not too noisy and not too dark in lightening. My friend ordered the pork chop, which was perfectly cooked. I had the margharita pizza. I loved the texture of the crust- it was chewy and very thin, but not too flavorful. It was hard to tell the quality of the sauce and what it was made of because it was so skimpy. The cheese was pretty good, a little chewier and thicker than other fresh mozzarella I've had though. It was also placed in sporadic spots on the pizza, which is okay but I'd rather it be more evenly spread out and mixed a little with the sauce. I liked that it wasn't oily though and there was a generous amount of basil. I also thought it was stingy of the restaurant to not offer complimentary bread like typical Italian restaurants would, especially for the prices of all the dishes.Truly well done, and in an environment with great energy and lighting! The beet salad with goat cheese and greens atop it was superb- the most tender beets I may have ever had. The parmesan fries were crispy and zesty, innovative in flavor and totally indulgent! 
I was surprised by how delicious it was, and will be returning!This place is one of my favorites to visit in Manayunk. The ambiance is perfectly relaxed and the food and drink selections perfect for people of all preferences.
Since I'm a creature of habit I indulged in the Parmesan fries and the 3 cheese pizza which comes with succulent crisped sage which melts my heart. We also ordered the smoked Gouda which was amazing; but who can turn down smokey salty yumminess topped with a tangy fruity pure?! Not this girl...
My boyfriend and I also shared the green beans and shallots which were as expected... Perfectly tender but still crunchy beans with a nice salty browned topping of thinly sliced shallots. 
Add in our delicious drinks (including their speciality cocktail which involved muddled mint, blackberry whisky and lemonade) and we had yet another night to remember!
A definite place to visit in Manayunk; especially during nicer weather when you can enjoy outside or window side dining.