I went over to Jake's one day during my lunch break from work, as I had been eager to try that place out for over a year now!  Before I entered, I scanned the menu posted outside the shop, and decided to go try myself a cheesesteak.  I ordered the Steak and Egg; cheesesteak with American cheese and ketchup topped with an egg sunny-side up.  While the sandwich was listed as having sriracha ketchup on it, I'm not a fan of the hot and spicy side of things, so when I asked if I could substitute regular ketchup for the sriracha, the counter girl gladly obliged.  I also ordered a small side of fries to accompany my cheesesteak.  While I waited for my order to be ready, I noticed that at each table in the shop, there is a roll of paper towels--and I can totally understand why.....so delicious yet so messy!! I also notice that they have what they call a "5 Pound Challenge"--in which participants are challenged to polish off 5 pounds of food (a 2-foot long cheesesteak, 4 Philly soft pretzels, a box of Tastykakes, 24 Peanut Chews, and a Cherry soda), and if they have done so in 45 minutes or less, it's ALL free!  I could never eat that all on my own, but would love to split that with a few people!  Definitely a great idea for friends!  Can't wait to try more of their menu items including their milkshakes AND the chocolate covered bacon!I had the steak and egg, really good. Excited to go back and try the Village Turkey and the Barnyard.I really like the Schmeer.  I mean, really really like it.  It's just a delicious combination of tender turkey breast, provolone, spinach, sliced RED onions, roasted peppers, and a garlicky mayo on a soft, fresh yet crusty roll.  A whole sandwich will easily be enough for 2 meals.  I brought half for lunch and it was still delicious after spending a day and a half in the refrigerator, although I would recommend eating it fresh.  Dad's pick is the midtown chicken (he's trying to be healthier), which still tastes pretty darn good and indulgent with sliced, grilled chicken, avocado spread, peppers, onions, and a mix of cheddar and mozzarella, in a salad bowl.  While I'm a bread-loving gal, the salad and bowl options are nice if you want something flavorful yet low carb.  Apparently you can also get a sandwich over fries instead of a roll if you really are looking for a heart attack.  One of these days I will work up the gusto to try that.  In the meantime, I am very much content with the sandwich options here and even more grateful to my wonderful, foodie father who actually drives down to the city just to grab a few for lunch and dinner (and bring some extras for my lunch the next day).  Definitely worth a visit if you're in Philly and want a quick, satisfying, flavorful, and affordable bite.I I'm in town from Arizona and my wife saw this place on tv and told me I had to go. Absolutely worth it. Ordered the garlic bomb off their "secret" menu and it did not disappoint. Well worth the trip and the service was great. They were helpful, friendly, attentive and expedient.Thank you Jake's for bringing something different to the table. The Market East options in the sandwich department tend to mirror each other so it is great to have some variety in a menu. 
These sandwiches are true sandwich lover sandwiches. Great bread with fresh ingredients. I have eaten lunch in twice and the workers are very friendly and make it a casual environment. They probably eat for free all day back there so I would be a happy camper too. I have tried the Barnyard, Mensch and the Italian all of which make a great and filling lunch. All the sandwiches are $7 or $8 which isn't too bad with the quality of the products. 
My only true complaint is the fries. They are pretty boring on their own and not crispy enough. I will be back soon to continue my quest to try every sandwich on the menu, minus the leaner ones section, no time for that.I am sad to report I have not been nearly as happy as I had been in the past. Things were not put together with care, and the meat has been dry my past couple trips. Still good, but down a peg.I love the garlic bomb and the pulled pork sandwich. When I lived in the Market East neighborhood, I used to visit Jake's at least once a week. The $5 pork sandwich special on Monday was very good for my grad student wallet---and very good for my tummy. Fries with special sauce on the side is a must. And the meal completes with a cup of birch beer that cools me down before another wild bite of sandwich.I had the Cowboy. Very tender shredded pork with grilled onions.  Amazing!  Good quality; good value.  It is also a good vibe.  I met the owner, and you can tell he's passionate about his concept.The pig sandwich is awesome and very reasonably priced, I try to stop here at least once a week for my pork fix. Prior to trying Jake's pig, I felt that no pork sanwich in the city could live up to the GOAT of pork from the little shack on Synder Ave.  Well, I still feel that no pork sandwich is better but Jake's is pretty close, and its not always easy to go to the little shack on Snyder but Jakes is right on the corner of where I work.  Go get the pig on a Monday and experience reverse sticker shock, they have a monday special on the pig that makes me feel like I am robbing from them.Really nice addition to the 'hood.
Sandwiches are served on Carangi rolls, seeded, unseeded or multigrain.
The Midtown Chicken was great, red onions, cheddar and a red pepper spread went down fast.  The Village Turkey was not as good - the meat was good but the roll kind of overwhelmed the sandwich.
Fries were hot, crispy and above average.  Sodas are "micro-brewed".  I'll definitely come back - all the ingredients were fresh and good, and it's the next best thing to a Paesano's without the real thing.Ordered delivery. Was right on time. We ordered midtown turkey, 50/50, and farm fries. I'd say the fries were the best!Jake's was my first meal stop during my visit to Philadelphia, and it was an awesome way to start several days of enthusiastic eating.  The 50-50 sandwich is super decadent, flavorful, and messy in the best possible way.  The roll holds up well to the mounds of meat filling.  The sandwich was finished off with a creative, spicy Sriracha mayo. The fried pickles were only $2, so I had to give them a try.  They were much tastier than they sound, although I didn't want to eat more than 4 pieces.  The cherry soda from the fountain is absolutely awesome, and the sweetness perfectly balanced out the saltiness of the rest of my meal.  I sadly did not even come close to having enough room left for dessert.  But if I did, I might have tried the chocolate covered bacon.  
The place is really clean with a lot of tables.  Their jelly bean presidential poll is cute (looks like most of their customers are Obama supporters). 
For people obsessed with going to places that have been featured on the Food Network Shows, Jake's has a wall devoted to those who have tried and succeeded or failed at their 5 lb Philly Challenge which includes a 2 foot sandwich, 4 soft pretzels, 24 mini peanut chews, 1 box of Tasty Cakes, and 1 cherry soda to be eaten in 45 minutes.
Go hungry and be prepared for a filling, satisfying meal!Had the most delicious sandwich ever!!  Sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, & pork..  The rolls were phenomenal, too.  The pork melted in your mouth!!  The milkshakes were fantastic,  too!!Here ye, here ye! After much trial and error, I can affirm that we have found an equal to The Mensch.
The Sloppy Dog, a hot dog concoction with the addition of peppers, mushrooms, mustard, and even French fries, is more satisfying than any real hot dog that I've had in... ever.Best sandwich in Philly. There, I said it. Healthy options if you're feeling guilty and some of the most sinful looking sweets I've ever seen. Skip those other joints and get this in your face stat.Went here for lunch and it was pretty decent but nothing spectacular. I had the "skinny chicken" sandwich- chicken, roasted red pepper, onion, cheese. 
I wanted it on a wheat roll but they were out (!!!????) - so I  settled for a seeded roll instead.
I wish the sandwich would have had less cheese & more avocado purée.  It really had way too much cheese, especially for a "skinny" sandwich...
I found Jake's menu layout confusing and a almost overwhelming for a first-timer.  Additionally, the side items are on a separate menu a few feet to the left.
Nothing wrong about Jake's, but overall nothing to write home about.YUM
I got the mensch in a bowl with spinach and it was SO GOOD!
they move fast during lunch which is nice.  Also, the milkshakes are unreal.To prepare for the St. Patty's day festivities, we decided to grab a quick dinner at this sandwich joint. There were only a handful of people inside, including one weary traveler who took on the sole mission of tackling one full sub and loaded fries. God speed, man.
With all the hype surrounding the 50/50 sub, I had to have it despite all the other appealing options. Unfortunately, we had to wait a few minutes for it to be prepared. The chef had stepped out to grab a supply of energy drinks to prepare for the onslaught of honorary Irish.
No biggie, the monster of a sandwich he created was well worth the wait. The 50/50 is named for its double serving of meat, half pork and half bacon. It's topped by a sharp provolone, which is very overpowering but complements the meats well. Hidden in the sub was a sriracha spread that I barely noticed. All together with a little help of the fire sauce, it was an excellent sub that filled me up.We stumbled on this place when we were looking for a brunch place in Philly. All the places we wanted to visit were either packed or closed and we wanted our eggs fix !! The eggs sandwiches were great and the basket of fries and onions was the best I've ever had! Whatever you get just add the mixed basket to your order, won't regret it!I was visiting Philadelphia three years ago and tried this place out.  Their meatball sub was the best I have ever had.  Three years later it was the first place I went to after my plane landed only to find out they took the meatball sub off the menu.  However, that doesn't warrant a two star review.  What does warrant the two star review is their "phili cheese steak sandwich".  I was not a fan...it was like I was eating a roast.  It was a good roast, but not what I want on my cheese steak.  I think Jake's is trying too hard...The statement I am about to utter will sum up EXACTLY how I feel about the sandwich for which the GODS have bestowed on this dining establishment.....
Garlic bomb.
The mighty God Zeus himself crumbled at the sheer thought of such a meaty.....garlicky.....treat.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with it... 
Liam Neeson was all like "I want it to kidnap my family in my next movie"
This sandwich is everything you want in action packed jammed flavor, and how the hell they even fried garlic is unfathomable....
Garlic lovers unite!!! WE HAVE FOUND A PLACE THAT VAMPIRES WILL FEAR....
Oh and they have these awesome other sandwiches too...ones I will also eat in the near future hahahaha!!I learned of Jake's via Yelp, and after reading the reviews, I was set on a visit.
I've been to Jake's twice now, and both times I got something different.  The first visit I ordered a Firestack naked bowl, which is basically the sandwich without the bread.  Ohhhh spicy!  It was delicious.  I got a soda too, and that was good.
The second visit I ordered the 50/50.  The contents of the sandwich were great.  The roll was good, but I felt like there was too much bread.  I got a black and white milkshake-yum.
I defnitely want to work my way through their menu. The service is good, the restaurant is spacious, and there is ample seating.I've been here twice and have had nothing but outstanding experiences both times. Food was amazing and the staff was great. At my most recent visit, I had the Turducken sandwich (sandwich of the month) which consisted of: turkey, creole roasted duck, chicken, sweet Italian sausage, cranberry-apple sauce, and potato pancakes. The Italian sausage and mini potato pancakes were nice, flavorful touches.
My girlfriend had The Barnyard sandwich (pork, arugula, sharp provolone, crushed chili, roasted garlic spread, and cracklings), which she said was "one of the best sandwiches she ever had." Of course I had a few bites of her sandwich, and I couldn't have agreed more with her.
They have a good food challenge that I want to go back to try and complete:
- 3 pound sandwich
- 1 box of Tastycakes
- 24 Peanut Chews
- 4 soft pretzels
- 1 cherry sodaYummy yummy! My boyfriend took me here yesterday, as we were craving Jimmy John's, but decided to go to Jake's since he has not been here for a while and boy am I glad we did. I had a difficult time deciding what I wanted from the menu. I actually almost always have a difficult time picking from the menu, but I finally opted for the steak and eggs (i know, how boring), but lemme tell you, it was delicious! I may be bias because I love anything with eggs. Add a fried sunny side up egg to this sandwich and you've got my heart. Actually, add a sunny side egg to anything and i'll be happy as a clam. The steak was really good and flavorful. I loved it with the american cheese and the hint of sriracha ketchup. The sesame seed roll was just added bonus that put the sandwich together... so good. Boyfriend got the 50/50, but even he said my sandwich was good. I may have to come back to try Jake's cheesesteaks. I'm just afraid that I might find a new place for cheesesteaks to clog my arteries :( 
Also, we got the chili cheese fries, but they were mediocre so you might want to pass on that. I'll definitely be back to try more sandwiches.. or the Philly 5 lbs challenge - just kidding.
Oh man, Philly eats are gonna kill me.I really wish I could give this place a better review however the customer service has really turned me off.
I stopped by on my way home and I ordered a "cheeseburger" and the girl was talking on her personal phone while she was taking my order, and I asked her not to put ketchup on my sandwich and she didn't say anything but she eventually asked if I wanted anything else and I said, oh I don't know if you got that I said no ketchup, and she said, mhmm anything else? and her manager was yelling at her while she was taking my order saying I can't believe you're on the phone in front of a customer, while she was ringing me up. 
When I got my receipt I noticed that it said I had an extra charge for spicy ketchup so I went to go make sure she didn't put ketchup on it and saw her cutting my sandwich next to some paper bags right on top of the counter. Who knows whether that counter was clean. I got my sandwich I asked her, hey did you put ketchup on this, and she said no and I said, well my receipt says that you charged me for extra ketchup and she said no that's not on there and I said OK. 
She then she rang me up again and I told her I already paid and then she yells back to her manager and asked, did she already pay and then I held up my receipt and said I just paid in front of you, you took my card and then she said "OK goodbye"
When I got home and opened up my sandwich sure enough there was no ketchup, but she she gave me the cheesesteak not the cheeseburger.Got the steak and egg.  Pretty sure my bf was jealous.  So tasty!  If  you're near Jefferson this is a great place to get a sandwich without having to head to reading.Sandwiches were ok.
I don't have a very strong stomach so I couldn't really handle the full on pig being butchered right in front of me as I paid at the register.
We got two sandwiches and only are half of both.First yelp review, all I have to say is TURBACON. I rave about it to anyone who will listen.I didn't quite indulge enough on Thanksgiving, so on Black Friday, I ventured out to Jake's to try the turducken sandwich.
I really enjoyed the turducken sandwich.  Generous portions of meat covered in gravy, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and hash browns.  Let's not forget the tasty roll it was on.  The cherry soda that came along was pretty good as well.
I was able to try some of the Jake sandwich and it wasn't bad.  I feel like it could use a bit more sauce or a meltier cheese since it seemed a tad on the dry side.  Still tasty though!
I have to come back...especially for that pork sandwich with cracklings! Ahhh.Any place that has a roasted pig head on display is a winner in my book. 
The Barnyard was good(Slow cooked pulled pork, ground veal, roasted peppers, baby spinach, roasted garlic spread, and sharp provolone) but I'm a hug sucker for  the The mench (12 hour beef brisket, horseradish sauce, fried onions, and melted provolone).Based on reviews, got the 50/50. It was juicy, well seasoned and the bacon and provolone were well proportioned...best pork sandwich I've ever had, not sure. The fries were excellent!  
No complaints...id like to return to try some of the other more adventurous options someday.Edited for the mistake being fixed.  Wasn't going to argue it.Daaaaaaamn. Jake's is gooood. The Sloppy Dog (hot dog with fries, mushrooms and roasted red pepper on a sesame hoagie bun) makes my life complete. Ordered the crispy onion rings today and although they smelled great I was too stuffed to eat 'em. Lunch tomorrow!The first time I went to Jake's I tried the Pig sandwich and wasn't blown away. The second time I had the Garlic Bomb and again thought it was nothing special. Both times I felt the meat was a bit dry. The third time however seemed to be the charm after eating the Village Turkey. The black cherry spread is amazing and is perfect on this sandwich. I've gone back repeated times and have never been disappointed in this selection.I've been to Jake's a lot before and after the renovations.  It's been going downhill fast over the past two months.  Today I got my usual: pork haystack (pork on top of fries) with siracha ketchup and cheese.  It was disgusting.  There was a giant glob of pork fat, the ketchup has a paste like trxture, and the fries were a greasy mess.  Embarrassing and way below what I know and expect.Really great sandwiches here.
I had the 50/50 (half bacon half pork with a spicy mayo based sauce).  First off, it was more like a 20/80 because there were only 3 stripes of bacon.  I think they should change the name to actually reflect what you are buying.   False advertising aside, it was delicious. The bacon was nice and crunchy, the pork was tender, the sauce gave it the hint of heat needed and it all came together on that roll that was crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside.
I also had the mid town chicken which was just okay-- too many things going on and it didn't hold up well the next day unlike the 50/50.
Love the fountain soda here (get the birch beer).
Wait staff is hit or miss.  The girl was really nice but the dude with the moobs did not smile once-- maybe he was tired.
Go here for the pork people!!I got the barnyard and it was ok. 
The pork is cooked well, where it is moist and falls off the bone. However, the flavor is lacking in the pork. I try to judge food without having to add condiments to up the flavor, and if I need to add condiments to enjoy the food than it decreases my perception of the dish. 
Secondly, when you advertise cracklings, you should really use real cracklings and not crushed up bags of pork rinds that anyone can purchase at the corner store and sprinkled onto the sandwich. I was really disappointed when it was real cracklings ughh. 
Thirdly, the bread to protein ratio was off. Too much bread. And the bread was a little cold. Additionally, you are in Philadelphia and you don't use Amoroso rolls?? There is definitely a huge difference in quality, taste and texture that I noticed. After the meal, I struck up a conversation with the food preparer and asked about several things, and I asked about the type of roll and where it came from. He confirmed it wasn't amoroso (I'm not being a bias-Philadelphian, Amoroso makes amazing rolls, just like Iggys in Boston/Cambridge)
Most likely wouldn't go back as there are so many other delicious sandwich spots, especially in south philly. 
Service was good. And they were really friendly, definitely appreciated that.Lukewarm sandwich on slightly chili bread. Pretty disappointed with lack of flavor too. Just all around not great. So sadAt the urging of Yelpers, we came here to try the 50/50.  Upon entrance, the senses were completely overwhelmed with smoky flavors and sweet sauces.  Looking at the menu, we instantly regretted that we couldn't order more food since our bellies could only handle so much.  
Anyway, we stuck with 50/50 and ordered it.  Sandwich came piping hot with pulled pork and bacon in a sriracha spread topped with sharp provolone.  It smelled amazing.  Upon first bite, the provoline completely dwarfed the other flavors in the sandwich.  This flavor just took over the whole sandwich and with every bite, the provoline flavor was stronger and more filling.  By the end, we couldn't even deal with the cheese smell anymore.  Next time, we would order with less cheese so that the pulled pork can be the central flavor point.  
One star was lost since the flavor was unbalanced, but don't let that deter you from visiting this sandwich shop.  There were many other choices that we would definitely love to try next time around.Got pig? No, I do not dig the pig. However, I very much enjoy poultry. 
YES: The Schmeer. House roasted turkey breast that was oh so succulent, roasted red pepper, fresh spinach, red onion, provolone and garlic aoli. Fresh, light, delicious. Important not to consume before date or 1:1 meeting with your boss. It'll stick with ya. I will definitely be returning to Jake's for this sandwich.
NO: The Midtown Chicken. Don't call it "sliced" when it is so obviously "diced" or worse, "cubed." I didn't realize this sandwich was served warm. It was more like a chicken cheeseteak than anything original. Roasted red pepper, avocado spread, cheddar and mozz...and onions? Too much. All of this and it still somehow lacked flavor- had to add hot sauce back at the office. 
Note: They take LevelUp. Love the LevelUp.I've gone back and forth about how to rate Jake's Sandwich Board, and feel pretty comfortable that two stars is appropriate and truly the highest I can go. That is taking account for the fact that the sandwiches themselves were in fact delicious, the meat high-quality and perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the bread they use is fantastic.
But when I walked in, the restaurant was filthy. There was not a single clean table. Equipment was strewn across the floor, making it somewhat hazardous. A huge party with little kids left a table and it stayed dirty until the time I left. I will say that the kitchen area looked clean, though.
I'd originally planned on eating my sandwich there, and then I realized I could not spend one more minute inside this establishment than absolutely necessary to receive my order and get out.
So I don't know about this place.this place is alright.  it could be so much better for so many reasons.
the meats are out on display and cut to order which is nice.  the problem i have is they could up the quality by doing so many little things. 
1) first of all, it has the atmosphere of a mcdonalds, which is confusing because it does not always look like thats how it should be.
2) toast the rolls ... come on guys, the last thing anyone wants is a plain white soft bun with nice bbq meat on it.  not even 60 seconds on the flat top grill.
3) your fried pickles are junk. they are always soggy and the breading tastes like its from a frozen bag from sysco.  your french fries are really good though, my only complaint is when i order them and the guy throws them in a bad upside down with napkins on the bottom 9/10 times, see comment #1 about the whole mcdonalds atmosphere.
4) beards. im cool with whatever people want to look like.  if you are managing a grill or a cutting board with meat, you have to wear a beard guard. this is no kim davis scenario, your level of facial cleanliness for your bands image doesn't make me want to order a sandwhich with carved meat on it when you don't wear the right stuff.
5) props for using level up and having working equipment.
6) is this wawa? am i supposed to leave the ticket? there is no place other than to just leave it on the counter and no employee picks it up and throws it away.
7) your condiment and plastic wear is a germ fest. PUT THE EATING END DOWN IN THE CONTAINTER SO WHEN I GRAB A FORK IM NOT GRABBING THE PART THAT GOES IN MY MOUTH ALONG WITH 100 OTHER PEOPLE.The 50/50 is the best sandwich in the world. Period. 
I hadn't used yelp  in years and dug up my password just so I could write this review.I've eaten at this place a couple times on my quest for my favorite pure roast pork sandwich (pork, provolone, greens). I have yet to try the 50/50 which sounds fantastic and will be my next indulgence here. The name of the game, though, is the roast pork sandwich which you order by checking the boxes on the sheets of paper next to the register. The options for toppings are actually quite extensive and I usually struggle to stay true to the classic provolone/greens/au jus.  I also must give a big thumbs up to the seeded roll, I love seeded rolls, something many of my favorite places lack. 
For the roast pork, it is delicious, and like many hoagie places in this city, would be tops anywhere else outside of philly. Still a great roast pork sandwich though. My first point of contention, however, is that the roast pork is more of an Italian style pulled pork. Not that there is anything wrong with that, but I much prefer the 'al dente' texture provided by a sliced roast pork sandwich instead of the mushy texture of pulled pork. Secondly, the way it is cooked, it is too mushy and on the verge of being dry. My take is that its a little overdone. Thirdly, the cheese has issues, you need nice slices or chunks of sharp provolone on the bottom of the sandwich, so the heat of the pork starts to soften it and it protects the bread from completely disintegrating in the au jus (note: there should still be enough au jus so that the bread is slightly wet even with the protection from the cheese). 
Other than that, the greens were good, nothing bad to say about them, although they don't really compare to the greens at di nics in reading terminal market (i'm not sure any place has better greens than di nics). Over all a very good sandwich. The flavor on the au jus was also quite nice, but I am still intrigued by the garlic spread option for the sandwich. Might have to go back and do some experimenting with toppings beyond the classic. Now that the lines at di nic's are completely out of whack, this is a nice substitute and I will be here again. Oh yea, and in true Philadelphia hoagie shop fashion, don't expect there to be great service. Figure out what you want before you approach the counter, order and enjoy.Oh sweet glorious Jake's Sandwich Board!!! These by far are the best sandwiches in center city and are a must go to for an awesome inexpensive lunch. 
I have never had a bad sandwich from here and consistently eat the monthly special. This month's was a Johnny-Frank special with turkey brisket Russian dressing and coleslaw and pickles and as always it delivered. I got a side of farm fries which have sharp provolone meat and gravy on top with beef so that I could inhale all three meets in one sitting. 
My wife got her usual Mensch sandwich a brisket with horseradish spread, onions that are perfectly Carmelized and a mild provolone. To round out her order she got the mixed basket which allows you to have the best of both worlds, French fries and crunchy onions.
At the end of this meal I definitely feel like I don't need dinner and that is truly was a decadent treat well worth having and even more reasonably priced than most other places. Well worth a visit and can compete for a spot on the Mt. Rushmore of Philly sandwiches.WOW! One of the best sandwich shops in Philly. They make a big deal about being featured on the Food Network and it's for good reason. Go in on Tuesdays for $5 pork sandwiches or get the 50/50 for a real pork treat.
The siracha mayo sauce is a must on any sandwich.Stopped by for lunch on a Tuesday. Service was great, and my sandwich was ready surprisingly quickly. Would highly recommend the 50/50.HOLLYHELL! ...I thought DiNic's was good, but this place is F***ING awesome! My mouth waters just thinking about this artery clogging goodness.
I'm a little mad that I only just found out about this place, even though I lived in Philly most my life. They need better advertising/signadge or something. 
Best beef brisket I have ever had, EVER! and I have had a lot of pork. (here goes trying to be 80% raw veg)
I just ordered from here for my whole office, everyone was very happy. Got a "Best ______ I have ever had" from a few people.
Sandwich Quality 5*
Ambiance 4*
Staff 5*
Price 5*
Delivery Time 5*I went there yesterday and had The Raging bull It was one of the best sandwiches that I have ever eaten. Next up I am trying the Jake and the Sloppy Dog.Ordered the "Megillah" and by far it's one of the best sandwich I had.. Bread was perfect and so as the meat. They have friendly service as well.I have been going here since it opened and can't believe I haven't yet written a review. 
I love Jake's. My friends and I have yet to have a disappointing sandwich (the Mensch is my faaaavorite) and the service is always great. The employees are gracious and helpful no matter how busy it gets. The sandwiches are decently priced, especially because I can stretch each out for two meals (or at least a meal and a half). 
In this city of high turnaround, I'm so glad that Jake's is still around.I don't eat here enough.  Philly really has some great sandwiches and I think this is my favorite so far.  The roast pork and brisket are just damn good.  Good on a sandwich, on a salad, on whatever.  I always end up spending like 17 bucks on a meal there with the add on's, but I don't mind paying for quality.  The garlic and the hot peppers are must have.  Decent fries too.I've had just about every sandwich on the menu and I haven't had one I didn't like. If you like wasabi, the wasabi cheesesteak is far and away my favorite. The 50/50 is another classic choice. Can't forget about Monday's $5 pork sandwich either. They also usually offer a unique monthly special that is worth trying.  On the side I would go with potato pancakes or farm fries. Don't forget to wash it down with a birch beer or their shake of the month.still don't have one single complaint. and that's saying something.Wait. I haven't reviewed Jakes?! What's the DEAL?!
Having just undergone a renovation, Jake's kicked off the next era with $3 sandwiches and free beer. If that doesn't speak to the nature of Jake's, I don't know what does.... 
First of all: there's no better deal in Philly than the $5 Monday DIY Pork Sandwich deal. It's easy to be overwhelmed by the options, but I typically choose to "bowl" over "roll" (aka toss all my ingredients of choice into a bowl over a doughy bready roll. I've tried bites of the 50/50 (roast pork and bacon!!) but tend to Build my Own with pork, sriracha spread, broccoli rabe, provolone (sharp!!), and caramelized onions. Never disappointing, always fills me up, and a great deal Mondays OR full price. 
The space is clean and organized, and I've heard the turkey is pretty solid.... but when I find something that works, sometimes it's tough to steer in any other directions. I'd ask them to scoop out the roll next time I choose to "roll" it, in order to better focus on the fillings.Wow.  Stopped in here for lunch today and The Mensch is as good as it gets.  Messy, juicy, delicious.  Brisket, cheese, onions.  MMMMM.  Counter service is as good as can be expected, with tons of paper towels and napkins.  Next time, maybe I'll try the challenge with pretzels, tastykakes, etcWhat a great place to stop by and get a quality sandwich. Really easy, really good. It is a bit pricey but I do believe you pay for the quality. The staff was super nice and welcoming - maybe not my go to sandwich shop because of the higher price but definitely will come back!Come here, don't go to Pats or Genos.
I haven't been here in a while, they renovated the place and made it look a lot nicer while raising the price of everything by $2-$4. Not cool.
Best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. Try it.I get what Jake's is trying to achieve.  Philly is a great sandwich town-  just ask the hordes of touristas attempt to consume "authentic" cheesesteaks.  Jake's is a gourmet, higher end version of a great Philly sandwich.
My perfect sandwich trifecta would be: John's Roast Pork, Primo's Hoagies, and Jim's steaks.  
So, with that in mind,  hubby and I went with eager anticipation of seeing "the big pig".  Nope, they were not carving from the giant roast this particular Saturday.  I ordered the $8 Barnyard and hubby ordered the custom roast pig sandwich.  OMG.  Super huge size- good enough for two people.   We added some crispy onions.  We just tipped the registers at $25.
The sandwich was flavorful- good provolone and peppers.  Roll was nice and chewy and held together the copious amount of meat.  I kind of thought the grated provolone on top made a mess.  I would have put the cheese on the bottom so that it would melt from the heat of the meat.
Service was really good, but it was really slow in there for a lunch time crowd.  I probably will come back with a friend to split another sandwich.Really good sandwiches. I tried the steak and egg, which is slow roasted beef brisket with sriracha ketchup and a sunny side up egg on top of a seeded roll. Very tasty. It takes a good bread to hold up under egg yolk and this one went the distance. Highly recommended.I got the "Jake" which is their Philly cheese steak sandwich.  It was dry.
Some of the other sandwiches looked more adventurous but I wanted to try a Philly cheese steak since I was visiting Philly.  I was dissapointed.  I've had better in other cities, I don't think it was a fair representation of the sandwich legend.
I went in on a Sunday and was disappointed that the TV was turned on Austin Powers and not on the Football games.
Great Lemonade though.
I may go back to try out the other sandwiches next time I'm in town.Most of what you need to hear has been said. It's all true. I want to give a different perspective, one you can actually use instead of reading the same glowing reviews over and over, so please, allow me to myopically focus on one thing:
The transcendent 50/50 pork sandwich. 
Listen- I live in South Philly. I eat Tony Lukes, DeNic's, John's, Nicks and a whole host of tiny side corner shops roast pork. JAKES PORK IS BETTER THAN ALL OF THEM. For realz. 
Why? If only I could count the ways...
It might sound obscene, overkill, excessive, whatever you want to say, but adding a smoky, flavorful bacon to the typically by-the-number pork sandwich makes it transcendent. The tender smooth pulled pork counterintuitively compliments the chewy bacon in a perfect way.
It's like introducing two old friends you've known and loved for years, but they were always in different circles. Your old friend Bacon, who stood by you since you were a little kid. Sure, people talk bad about him sometimes, but no one knows him like you do. And then there's Pulled Pork. You met him in college. A little more edgy than bacon maybe, but still you can count on him whenever you need. Finally they meet and have sex and make beautiful, perfect babies. babies. IN YOUR MOUTH. 
Of course, if conception is occurring on this sandwich, the sriraccha spread is the love juice. Spicy, smooth and vinegary, it is perfect for this sandwich. Good God- where has this sauce been my whole life? Its like combining mayo with wasabi. Just knee-weakening. 
Just put the 50/50 in your mouth yo.One of my favorite things to eat is a whole roasted pig. Excitedly, I went to Jake's one day with an empty stomach and left scratching my head. How could they cook this poor piggy to death to the point that it was devoid of all moisture?  Even when I asked for a cup of jus, which the friendly staff member provided, it could not mask the damage that was already done, as it still tasted dry as a bone. And the sandwich was not helped by the hard roll, the pre-shredded mozzarella, or the fact that the sandwich had little meat on it. The french fries are your typical Ore Ida variety. Granted I did like the peanut chew milkshake but not enough to rush back for it.Meh, it's ok.  Sandwiches are overpriced, and dry and bland.  I don't get this place's popularity.Well, after reading some of the reviews it sounded like the place to be. I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the cheesesteak, which afterwards I realized was not the Beef cheesesteak but a Pork-Steak!! Hm, my bad I guess, being in Philly and all. Great interior, service OK. Kind of cold distant, not too smiley. 
This place seems to be frequented by early twentiers. The cheesesteak was OK, but nothing out of this world. A bit pricey for the quality.Updated review, for some reason when jakes revamped they got rid of the grill?
Philly wasabi was the best sandwich they had now they they have it with brisket which is horrible
ever since the revamp its been going down 4 stars to 3
Ive been trying sandwiches all over the place in philly and this place is pretty on par with most the more known spots.
Great bread and good amount of meat on the sandwich. I tried the ghost pepper last time without any warning thinking it was just a spicy topping.
Man was that mother fucker hot, I can usually eat pretty spicy things but this was kicking my ass all day. Pretty pissed i spent extra to just throw my sandwich away.
I came back after this and got the fire steak without the ghost pepper and it made me forget about the ghost pepper incident.First timer for lunch and got the 50/50. Loved it. Bread was strong enough to hold up a very juicy sandwich. Bacon was cripsy and good. Pork was tender and delicious. Sharp prov was also very good. I was not a huge fan of the siracha spread though, but it was not overpowering so overall it didn't have a big impact on the sandwich. Quick lunch service and reasonably priced for a sandwich place like this in the city.Nothing impressive. The brisket wasn't melt in your mouth, the pork wasn't very seasoned. The crispy onions were really great, though.Jake's is definitely my go to sandwich shop in center city. There are so many different sandwich combinations that you can put together that you'll never get bored! All of the different add-ons really make the sandwich - Crispy onions, fried pickles, potato pancakes, chocolate covered bacon (I mean, come on!), plus a variety of veggies, and a really amazing array of spreads - black cherry, cranberry-apple, sriracha spread, avocado spread, different flavors of mayo. The sandwiches are also very hearty. They definitely don't skimp out on the meat. I used to come here more often when I lived in center city and I've ordered delivery a few times since moving to grad hospital and I've been pleasantly surprised with how quick they arrive and the quality of the sandwich.Ordered the cheesesteak and the barnyard. Delivery was here in 30 minutes which is super fast for center city and the sandwiches banged. Will def order again and try different shit.Jake's is an interesting place. I've never had a consistent experience here. The quality of the food averages from spectacular to average, and the staff leaves something to be desired. However, if I were given the option of going to Reading Terminal to by an overpriced, mediocre sandwich or stopping at Jake's for a quick bite to eat, Jake's would always win.I've been to Jake's well over a dozen times since my friend lured me there with the promise of a Turducken sandwich (seasonal), and  I believe I've had most, if not all, of their menu.
While I absolutely love a lot of what they have to offer, I must give fair warning to anyone ordering any pork-based items - they are salty!  Make sure you get a drink or something else to throw on them to cut down on the sodium concentration.
Favorites include Wasabi Steak, Turbacon and oddly enough the Charlie Brown w/Peanut Butter.I have a tendency to eat lunch at the same places. I'm a creature of habit and sometimes I can't help it. Every so often, I decide to venture into new territory. That venture brought me into Jake's. The location of this shop on 12th Street is easy to miss. 
I like the sandwich options. I was in the mood for chicken and decided to go with the Skinny Chicken, which contains fried onions, chicken (of course), red and green peppers and low-fat American cheese...oh wait...so that makes it skinny? The sandwich was really good. I ordered mine on wheat. The bread is a sub/hero/hoagie roll and it is super soft. I bit into the sandwich and said to myself, "self, good choice, you deserve a medal." 
If you're in the mood for a sandwich, do yourself a favor and make your way to Jake's. I don't think you'll regret it.I hope to update this review in the near future as I didn't get an opportunity to try anything on the menu. Jake's advertised their grand reopening with cheap sandwiches and free beer. I should have known better, but I slipped up and let my stomach and wallet do the thinking for me. The promotion was supposed to be all day, but by 5pm they ran out of beer and food. On a day where you showcase your establishment, surely you would have made sure that there was enough food to handle the added demand, right? In the wise words of chuck testa, that turned out to be a big NOPE!I received a cool promo for filling out the in store survey so I definitely returned to use it. This time I got the "Mensch" roast beef sandwich. I liked it much better than the steak I got the first time I came in. It had plenty of juice in it to compensate for the Sarcone roll. I got full much sooner than expected. I was really surprised. Anyway, this will probably be my non-Subway go-to sandwich spot downtown.
And I tried the microbrewed sodas this time around, they were okay. I'm not sure how much different they're supposed to be anyway. I haven't been in there when it's crowded so I really appreciate the peace. Also, I didn't know this place had free refills. Awesome!Short and skinny: locally-sourced sandwich joint that puts together some quality sandwiches under 10 bucks. If you're in the area and looking for a quick, no-frills meal, definitely would recommend stopping in. 
The good: 
1. The food. Went with the Midtown Turkey. Really, really flavorful and juicy. Loved the pickled toppings they throw on there, though I would have definitely appreciated more avocado spread. If I had room, I would have went for one of their pork sandwiches as well-- another time. 
2. Price was great, especially considering the quality of product being delivered.
3. The commitment to local sourcing. Love when a restaurant makes the effort to tap into the surrounding community. 
The bad: 
1. Cashier was very pushy. First, she didn't like that we were ordering one sandwich to split (though the guys preparing the meal were more than happy to offer to cut it in half). She asked multiple times if we were getting a second sandwich. Second, she rolled her eyes when we said we were good on drinks. I ended up getting a cola after the fact, but at least attempt to remain professional. Again, won't dock two stars for one person's performance (the rest of the staff were super inviting and friendly).
The unexpected: 
1. Charging stations. Wasn't looking for a USB charger, but if I was in the market, Jake's had me covered.Standouts: they have some outrageous food challenge that probably shaves 2 weeks off your life (a cheesesteak, four soft pretzels, 12 TastyKake Krimpets, 24 Peanut Chews, and one Champ Cherry in under 45 minutes).  They also have chocolate covered bacon, which disappointingly just tastes like chocolate... and bacon.
Tip #1:  They have a famous 50/50 sandwich which was voted top 10 in Philadelphia.  I didn't think it was anything extraordinary.  A little boring, to be honest.  It lacked some crucial condiments and other sandwich add-ons. 
Overall:  I think the only reason I'd come back is to see someone tackle the food challenge.I have been here twice and have tried a variety of their pork sandwiches and their cheesesteaks. Everything has been okay but a little bland and dry. 
The good thing is that the sandwiches are pretty generously sized.This place has a pretty nice variety of unique sandwiches as well as a build-your-own option. After seeing an episode of Food Network's Food Paradise, I decided to try the Garlic Bomb which is a cheese steak made with beef brisket, roasted garlic spread, garlic cloves, all sitting on top of garlic bread. Let's just say that no vampires are going to be bothering you any time soon after you get through this sandwich. Really delicious though if you're looking for a more 'authentic' cheese steak sandwich this is not it. Fries here are pretty good too.Great spot for a quick lunch.  Try the Barnyard (Slow cooked pulled pork, ground veal, roast peppers, baby spinach, roasted garlic spread and sharp provolone) or the Midtown Chicken (Chicken, roasted red pepper and avocado puree, red onion, cheddar and mozzarella.) Every sandwich on the menu comes in under $10 and you'll probably end up with two meals out of it.  They get pretty busy with the lunch crowd so try going a bit earlier or a bit later.  Feel free to try the Jake's Challenge if you hate yourself and the pants you're wearing.  If you finish it, you wont fit in those pants for about a week.  They also do a great spread if you're looking to do a company lunch!This place can hold it's own with the big boys of the pork sandwich world here in Philly. I usually lean towards the traditional pork sandwich (pork, broccoli rabe and provolone) but they drew me away with some of their non traditional choices. I chose the 50/50. The sandwich itself was pretty good but a few decisions short of being awesome. For some reason they decided to use shredded provolone on top. With the big sandwich that it is, it takes work to keep the cheese (which is a pivotal element in any pork sandwich). Just line the rolls with a few slices so a get provolone in every bite! Jake's also prides itself on their love of Sriracha. There was supposed to be a  Sriracha spread on the 50/50 but there was no familiar taste of the neon orange sauce. Other than those, the pork was incredibly moist and flavorful. The played a big role (pun not intended) and absorbed all the juices without falling apart. They use fresh ingredients and make everything in house. Not much to complain about here and I will be returning soon.I went to Jakes shortly after their opening with high hopes. I went during an off-hour so there was no roast pig available, but i asked for a suggestion and followed it blindly. This was a bad idea. Not that the sandwich was bad (i think it was the Jake), but because i just didnt like it. I dont like provolone cheese. I could barely choke it down. But that was my fault and no one else's. 
I got a killer groupon and decided to head back and this time i got the Philly Wasabi and OMG it was amazing. Cheesesteak meat with American cheese and Wasabi mayo topped with delicious onion rings was a perfect combination. I slathered mine in some ketchup and could not stop eating! I'm loyal to the Philly Wasabi now. 
Other things that are good to know: the artisan sodas are pretty delicious. If you're a diet soda drinker like me, though, you may find yourself beverage-less. The sandwiches are pretty huge, i prefer to split my philly wasabi with a friend and nom on a side of the crunchy onions (i may add some more to my sandwich, even). Also, on Mondays the roast pork sandwiches are $5 all day. I think i am going to have to go check that out. It's just hard to resist the urge to order my normal meal.Last stop in Philly before rushing on a bus back to NYC. Despite the plethora of good reviews, this spot was deserted on a Saturday night. Good for me since I needed to get in and out as soon as possible.
Ordered the Brisket Cheesesteak ($10) to go. Large, meaty hoagie topped with caramelized onions and provolone cheese. Sesame bread toasted well and all the ingredients blended together to make a pretty meal. I wouldn't say it was one of the best cheesesteaks I've had, but it really hit the spot. Also got the orange soda ($3.50) to wash it all down.
I would say it's a good sandwich, nothing more or less. The service here though is extremely quick and friendly, thus the 4 stars.The first time I went to Jake's I was disappointed by the customer service, however, after seeing my review the owner quickly reached out to me letting me know that the behavior exhibited by his employee on my first visit was unacceptable and that she no longer worked there. He also offered me a complimentary sandwich with a beverage and side so I could properly try the food I wanted. I think his quick response and action shows that the owners have great character. Overall the experience my second time was great! The sandwich was just a little too sloppy for my preference, but I would definitely go back and try something new!In any other town Jake's would be a 5 star crown jewel, a place to flaunt the local food prowess to out-of-towners, a place you can show your slack-jawed yokel friends from your pig-shit-meets-diesel-gasoline hometown that you gots you some good eatin' 'round these parts. But in the best sandwich city in the country (why thank you, Saveur magazine) it falls short by a pig's snout of the cities pantheon of great sandwich spots.
The star of the show is the pork sandwich. Good pork is simply described: seeping in juice, moist and tender, and properly seasoned with salt, herbs, maybe some garlic, nothing too cute. This is Jake's. The toppings are where you can get a little creative if you do it right. This is also Jake's. Churning out 10 different toppings and spreads, Jake's offers the tried and true (au jus, sharp prov) and clever endeavors (crushed chili, cracklings) that are evident through out the menu. The toppings are so plentiful you're given a checklist to hand in, a checklist that becomes a memento on the fireplace mantle of the sandwich excellency you created.
Jake's might be a victim of its own creativity with the 50/50 sandwich -- pulled pork, bacon, sharp provolone, and a sriracha/mayo spread. Pork, bacon, and sriracha just don't mesh and you're left with an all star cast with talents too big to play anything but a leading role.  
The fries are good, but seem to take a page out of the Burger King manual and the salt piles up like snow in the Poconos. Don't be mistaken: while a lot of sandwich joints fail to put together a strong supporting cast of sides, Jake's gives the red carpet treatment to the milkshakes and crunchy onions. These alone are worth the trip.
In short, Jake's is great with the potential to be one of the city's best.Went here for the five dollar pulled pork sandwich on Monday and left pretty satisfied. It's pretty pricey on any other day (8-10 dollars for a hoagie) so make a point to go on a Monday. 
In regards to the food. It's a pretty good hoagie house all things considered. Creative subs with lots of options. I had the Italian pulled pork here along some of my friend's cracklings and Cowboy hoagie. The pulled Italian pork doesn't compare to real Italian pork sandwiches from Chicago. Additionally cracklings are really just fried pork skins if you're into that stuff (I'm surprised I'm not!). On the other hand, the cowboy was pretty good.Found this little gem here on yelp. I did the create your own sandwich with brisket, horseradish spread, carmelized onions, cheddar cheese and brown gravy. It was delicious! A Lot of places say "carmelized onions" but they're more like raw onions thrown on the pan for a minute or two. This place actually served carmelized onions. The horseradish spread was bangin'! Definitely need to try it!! And their fries were amazing too. Very quick service. Had our sandwiches in about 5 minutes. Would definitely come back if we we're are in the area.Cheese not melted. More bread than meat. Not what I expected for a Philly cheesesteak.Great food here! Peanut Butter, bacon and cheddar of cheese steak. Who thought it could be so good. My associate had the brisket and wasn't thrilled which shocked me as all of rave reviews about it on here.
Next time Ill have the pig sandwich.Jake's is the best sandwich spot in Philly! Their breakfast sandwiches are so fresh and tasty. I love their pulled pork sandwiches and cheesesteaks! Don't even get me started on their fries....If you're looking for a great place to grab lunch and some amazing BBQ Jake's is the spot.Jake's does there braised beef really well. It's cooked to just the right consistency. Unfortunately it's not seasoned intensely enough and the bread to meat ratio is way to high. Their buns are far too much for the amount of beef you get. This screwed up our food tour and left us with unsatisfactorily wheaty bellies.Friendly staff, delicious cheese steak sandwich (chopped beef, provolone and onion). If I ever get back to Philly, I'd love to try the one with bacon and peanut butter on it!
The place was clean, fast and everyone was nice. I also had the friend pickles, which were a delight. Huge lunch for about $12, including a drink.I love sandwiches, but had my doubts about driving two hours for lunch. The instant the 50/50 touched my lips, all of my doubts washed away. 
The 50/50 is a perfect blend of shredded pork, crispy bacon, provolone and the house sriracha sauce nestled in the perfect semi-soft piece of bread. 
While the 50/50 was an instant favorite, I sampled the mensch and turbacon as well. They each had their own winning flavor and delivered savory goodness in every bite. 
While we got there shortly after the doors open and had our succulent sandwiches within minutes, a decent line had formed by the time we left. Plan accordingly.This was my second time ordering from them. The first time was last year, and I remember my sandwich not having much flavor. Before I write off any place, I just give it some time and try again for a second time. This time I ordered the classic roast pork sandwich, and I have to say I'm equally as disappointed as I was last time. The broccoli rabe was okay, but the pork was dry with little to no flavor. Quite disappointing as I was really looking forward to biting into a juicy flavorful pork sandwich. With that being said, I most likely will not go back to Jake's and will continue to explore other options, which is a shame because the location is extremely convenient.Summer of 2014, Jake's went under some renovations, which included a menu revamp menu. Chicken sandwiches are no longer seen on the menu. :( One thing that remained was the $5 Build Your Own Pork Mondays, so I'm happy that stayed. Their pork is definitely not dry and is very tender. Make sure to get some au jus on it. The seeded bread they use is great stuff! if you don't want bread, you can put your sandwich in a bowl. Lessens the carbs. Their roasted veggies seem to be what's in season, so you may not get the same offerings each time you come.
The fried pickles are heavily breaded and is served with sriracha mayo. Order it if you're really into junk or don't care about your arteries. Same deal with the potato pancakes. I had the seasonal Turducken sandwich (pre-renovation) and it is very good. I came in to try this meat on meat on meat sandwich and there were NO potato pancakes on my sandwich. Instead, I had french fries. $12 later just lead me to disappointment. I wish I was informed that they were possible out of the pancakes before ordering the sandwich. Their brisket sandwiches are also worth trying, such as the Mensch. I love how they take LevelUp, so I don't have to worry with fiddling with my wallet.I went here with a friend and we decided to split the regular steak sandwich, fries and a salad. The sandwich was so dry it ended up in the trash. Luckily the fries were great and the salad was nice a fresh. The woman working the register was very friendly, but I wouldn't go back.It was on my last visit that I realized Philadelphia is not a "cheese steak town" as much as it is a Sandwich Town. New york City is truly one of the food capitals of the world but it's sandwich culture, although awesome, is extremely divided among many lines. In Philadelphia the Hoagie is king. For those unfortunate among you unaware of the terms, Hoagie, Submarine , Sub, or Hero as applied to a sandwich then I declare Jake's Sandwich Board to be among your MUST visit locations.
I knew I was in the right place, behind the counter one guy was wearing a Katz's Deli T-shirt which is a Sandwich Destination in New York. Scanning the menu, at first I did not see their "standard" cheese steak sandwich (the Jake) so I opted for the Fire Steak, with out mushrooms, and a Cherry soda. Sakes Alive! It was HOT! I mean both in flavor and heat. I love hot food and I began to shed tears as I ate that first half of the sandwich. Those fried spicy long hot crunchy peppers on top had a cooling effect despite their modest spice level, I was sort of eating those on the side. As I sat at the counter, which was overlooking a small roasted whole pig, enjoying my sandwich I watched the kitchen staff operating like a well oiled machine. I went back the next day and ordered the Jake and enjoyed it thoroughly but i preferred the drama of the Fire Steak.  In my humble opinion  Jake's is among the best sandwiches in Sandwich Town and was easily the best sandwich I ever had. The place is less hectic on Saturdays.Though the prices are pretty high, the quality and freshness of the meat and bread is top notch. They have pork, brisket, and turkey just sitting there at carving stations-- absolutely beautiful. I opted for the 50/50 wit bacon and pork, it was very tasty-- and the crumbled sharp provolone just made it perfect. The sriracha mayo added a nice creamy texture to the sharpness of the bacon and provolone. 
Overall the sandwich was delicious, the servers were super friendly and fast, and the interior has a cool vibe to it. Only reason I don't give it five stars is that it cost $11 for an eight inch sandwich. Way too high on price point but the flavor made me want to return. I'd recommend it -- just know it will cost more than your typical sub shop.I applaud the usage of local veggies. They have a board listing the farms where they get their produce.  The meats are tender and well cooked but lacked seasoning and was a bit greasy. So much potential here. They are fast though! There is a constant flow within a small space so it's good that they are efficient.I really wish I found this place sooner. They have such a great selection of sandwiches and a whole board on how to "make your own". I was a little upset that their gravy sandwich was off the menu so I created my own. I think it was pork, pork gravy, provolone, caramelized onions. It came out to be a pretty high price, but the sandwich was worth it. I also ordered a side of fried pickles. Best I've had so far. 
The cashier was a little off. When I asked if I could just create my own since it wasn't on the menu I was just stared at.I am happy they are open, so is my belly. I have been there a few times so far and every time it was delicious, quick and the staff was friendly. The Barnyard is a great sandwich( ground veal, pulled pork, spinach, peppers and sharp provolone) , perfect for demolishing with a shake and fries. The Midtown chicken sandwich is my favorite so far, great combo of flavors. The onion chips are pretty good, a little too much breading masks the onion flavor but the spicy mayo sauce it comes with made me forget about it. Now that I found out they have a multigrain roll, I feel so much better about my frequency there.Delicious sandwiches - great prices for Philadelphia, huge portions!  They were quick to serve and the sandwiches are fresh, interesting combos of food.  We went back multiple times during our trip.  Loved it!For the money, this place is good. Food was decent, and I'd definitely order from here again, but nothing "blew me away". I like the variety and options - the different types of sandwiches and variety of toppings makes this place unique. Would definitely order from here again, but again, wasn't in my top 10.Don't be fooled - a true cheesesteak place this is not. Sincerely, a disappointed tourist.Totally get what you're trying to do here guys and I respect it. 
Was so pumped over the concept and style here, they basically could have easily won me over with merely decent execution.  
Whiff.
I wanted a Center City Paesano's.  Not bland but greasy (how is that possible?!?!) meat overload.  I consider myself a meat-atarian but they had me saying "no mas" after a third of the brisket and a couple bites of the barnyard and the steak & egg.  While the fried onions are good, and service is great, something majorly wrong here.
Guys, please...  I'm in the business, meat ain't cheap.  Spare yourself the cost of jampacking the "meh" bread with all that meat....  spare us the agony of finishing it all (hey, people are starving in Ethiopia).  Less meat, more taste.  Everything about the sandwiches are fantastic except for the bread and the meat.  Flavor please!I've had the best sandwiches of my life from here. My favorite sandwich ever is the Jake's Barnyard sandwich. All their brisket sandwiches are extremely good too (the Mensch and Cheesesteak, omg). Their fries are fantastic as well. Jake's has $5 make your own sandwich days on Mondays too. Clean and friendly as well!Delicious! 
I love Jake's and the 50/50 is one of the best sandwiches in Philly in my opinionI was so disappointed when I ordered a cheesesteak but got a brisket sub instead.  The brisket was good but this is NOT a cheesesteak, so DON'T CALL IT THAT!  Very disappointing.  Also, the fries and onion rings were way overdone. I won't order from them again.Banging sandwiches. Try the brisket. Great to discover they serve breakfast. I park next door and the smell literally lures me in. The below review regarding the smell - duh its called sharp provolone and its delicious. Go back to kindergarten.I feel bad because I pass by this place whenever I go to target and never see anyone in here. We went during lunch today and boy does this place smell. You walk in expecting to smell brisket and bbq and all you get is the smell of feces. It's super raw not like homeless or garbage but just straight . I ordered my 50/50 but had to leave the restaurant in fear they I might vomit. 
We walked home and when I opened up my lunch I found out it was the cheese! Not sure if it was rotten but the smell was putrid. I tried to scrape off as much as possible but the smell filled my apartment. 
If they don't switch to a more generic provolone sliced cheese to stop that smell they may not be in business much longer.I moved to Philly a while ago, and began my search for the perfect cheesesteak. I quickly learned that it all really depends on your definition of "perfect".  I tried..more than I care to admit.. Just over 40 different places and I'm still looking.  I've had all the classics, as well as some local family places and even searched the suburbs. I was looking for  quality meat with no fat or gristle, with good flavor, and great bread, tasty cheese(but that's hard to mess up)  and interesting toppings were a bonus. 
Jake's Sandwich Board is hands down, no competition, the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
They have really creative combinations of toppings, or just a simple cheesesteak. They have really good milkshakes, and fries, and I like that they have local soda. I can't speak for their other menu items although I hear their pork sandwiches are good. TRY IT!Just ate at jakes sandwich board today and all I can say is wow! this place is my new go to place to relax and get a nice meal to eat. I got the 50/50 and was blown away at how great the sandwich was. The sriracha/mayo with the pork and bacon tasted delicious, and of course with the sharp prov added on top. 
On top of the food being amazing, the staff is excellent. I rate this 5 stars because of the quality in meat and the atmosphere of the place. I definitely will be back.Fantastic cheesesteak.  Do not miss the Garlic Bomb.  Fried pickles are deliciousness.If you're looking to fend off vampires, creepy guys with cheesy pick-up lines, significant others who just wanna kiss you, then the Garlic Bomb is your sandwich for today. Delicious steak, melty provolone cheese, garlic spread, deep-fried and breaded garlic cloves. One exhale after that gorgeousness, and you're sending people running down the street like a fire-breathing dragon. (It could use some broccoli rabe, but that's if you feel guilty about not having any veg.)50/50 sandwich is a dream come true. Pork, bacon, cheese and a Sriracha sauce that is bangin'. Top quality seeded roll to boot. Just do it. You won't regret it.Had the try the 50/50 since it was rated as the best of philly. It was only okay and I would go back to try something else next time. The fries were hot and fresh and delicious! I'm not sure that the birch beer tastes much different from root beer. Overall, a really good, fast, and affordable place to eat.I ordered the Mensch, French fries and a vanilla shake. Total cost $13.91. A little steep for lunch but I could easily be satiated with just half the sandwich and half the fries. $5 for the vanilla shake is a bit much. 
The Mensch is 12 hour beef brisket, horseradish sauce, fried onions & melted provolone. 
The sandwich was delectable. So delicious. The brisket was moist and tender while the caramelized onions & provolone cheese proved to be the perfect accompaniment. The roll, for Philly locals was very Sarcone's-like, from Caranji Baking Co.  but even better. It held up perfectly to the brisket juices. Crispy, chewy outside with a soft center. Classic Italian roll. 
The fries were also very good and freshly cut. 
Back to the shake. It was definitely good but definitely overpriced at $5. 
As far as the decor, it's a basic lunch layout. Plenty of large tables to accommodate most busy lunch crowds. 
I look forward to trying other sandwiches on their menu namely the Whole Roasted Pig. Yum.
Unfortunately since dining here and thoroughly enjoying it I've taken on a new way of eating.  Shameful blog plug http://mypaleosolutionexperiment.blogspot.com but I guess I could just eat the inner contents and skip the bread.Had the 50/50. they ran out of bacon so they gave me extra brisket. A little on the greasy side and the provolone cheese is strong! overall, its an ok place to eat in philly.First sandwich ever in Philadelphia was Jake's Barnyard. Now I know why people are going gangbusters over this stuff. Amazing combination of flavors with melt-in-your-mouth meats, solid bread - and like others have said...it's not what I was expecting to find in Philly in terms of a sandwich...up until a few days ago when a friend told me about this Roast Pork stuff. Truth be told I was heading to Tommy DiNic's but it was closed so went here - I know I could have gotten a Cheesesteak but I wanted to see what this was all about. Now a few criticisms: spinach might have been wilted and the the cheese could have melted in (unless that's not the intent) but the combo of thin sliced pork with ground veal. Muah! Magnifico. I flew in here today - intent on not suffering through airplane food and sustaining on a protein bar - this was a fitting end to my first day. I'd probably try something new next time, if there is one, but I'm sold. Delicious. Got Pig? Sure did.This place has some tasty and unique sandwiches. The pork was really delicious and supposedly they roast the pig whole. Can't beat that! My husband got the 50/50, which seemed to be a popular sandwich: 1/2 pulled pork, 1/2 bacon, sharp provolone, and sriracha mayo - which was awesome! I got the smothered: pulled pork, bacon, smothered in pork gravy. It was porklicious! Definitely be prepared to use a ton of napkins and walk out of there stuffed. They put a roll of paper towels on the table, knowing they'll be needed. The sandwiches are packed with plenty of meat, so you get your moneys worth. The fries were great too. They were really crispy and not too oily. They have birch beer, which is always a plus! I would definitely eat here again if back in Philly.The 50/50 is the bomb. I've tried one or two of the other sandwiches and they're great too, but nothing beats the 50/50. I always go here with a plan to try something new and every time I end up getting the same delicious sandwich. The staff is friendly, the food comes out fast, and I'm always satisfied.First "official" Philly Cheesesteaks ever and we will definitely be back! Beef brisket was juicy and delicious, and the toasted sesame seed roll added so much flavor to the experience!Loved Jakes ability to play with the standard cheesesteak to take it up a notch and make it worth remembering. On the board they have different meats and preparations, so youre not stuck to have just meat, cheese and bread. You can get roast pork, steak or chicken or even combo them if youd like. 
On a fellow Hoagie Heroe's request, I went with the wasabi cheesesteak. Not enough wasabi to clear your sinuses, but plenty enough to get that great flavor into the meat. Standard cheese on top, melted to perfection on a seeded hoagie roll and we had a real winner here. 
Grabbed an old fashioned malt milkshake as well while we waited for the sandwich. A nice touch to add to the feel of the place, which is a great stop to make when in the Philadelphia area if you want a cheesesteak, and one that goes above and beyond the tried and true old fashioned variety.Came here for the first time on their opening day and got a free roast pork sandwich, so that was phenomenal. Then went back again the other day, tried the Skinny Chicken and loved it. Low-fat american with cubed chicken and roasted peppers, onions. It was delicious. I love this place, I"ll definitely keep coming back.Went for lunch today. Service was impeccable. Staff was friendly, efficient and sandwich was ready in a flash. My friend and I each had the Mensch which was delicious. We also shared an order of crunchy onions which were really good. I recommend this place highly, and would rate Jake's equal to or better than any other sandwich shop in Philly.   Will return for more,  and probably pretty often.Let's be frank.  I like Asian food.  Vietnamese, Malaysian, Szechuan...you name it, I'll eat it - morning, noon and night.  However, there comes a time in every girl's life when she just needs some protein slapped between two pieces of bread to cleanse the palate.
I was pleased to learn that Jake's was opening up near my office.  I love Philly, but one thing it needs more of is sandwhich shops that don't begin with "sub" and end in "way."  
So far I've tried the Skinny Chicken, and a made-to-order Turkey/Provolone/Lettuce and Mustard combo.
With both sandwiches, I've been *very impressed* by the meat.  Let it be known that there is no Dietz & Watson BS up in this joint.  
However, the Skinny Chicken didn't taste so skinny.  The menu said  it came with sauteed onions, green peppers, low-fat american cheese, and a multi-grain roll.  That may be true, but the roll was grease city, and I could barely make out the veggies as they were drowning in a sea of cheese.  It tasted fine (mmmm...unhealthy amounts of cheese), but I wasn't blown away.
Today I decided to try the "make your own" route.  I ordered my standard turkey (see above).  The turkey was solid (thick & not dry), but the sandwich didn't gel and has been sitting like a stone in my stomach ever since...it was probably the untoasted multi-grain roll.
I think that Jake's is decent, and that I haven't ordered the right thing yet...but I'm not rushing back to test this theory.Solid. We stopping in around 8:30 after we got in for our mini trip. It was empty so we had no problems with service. The shop is cute, very Brooklyn hipster sandwich shop vibes. Hubby and I ordered cheesesteaks, fries to share and some birch beers. Everything came out quickly, maybe a tad too quick. The fries were hot but my sandwich was just warm. I would have sent it back but I was starving and it wasn't cold. I've seen other reviews about this sandwich and I'd say it's definitely not a cheesesteak in anyway, doesn't resemble it in taste at all. That being said it's still good, the brisket was very soft and flavorful. The onions were flavorful too but overall the sandwich was a little greasy. The bread was thick and soft but it might have overpowered the meat a bit. As a bread lover there's no complaint from me. The fries were great, for 2 bucks you get a huge bag and the sriracha-mayo dip was slammin, I'm going to try and recreate. It's definitely pricey we paid $30 for all our food but it wasn't bad and if we end up in the area again I'd try it again.People may hate on me for this, but Jake's does not deserve no more than two stars.  
Let me begin with the good:
1. Super friendly staff.  It's a fast food joint, but they give you service like a restaurant.  My friends and I went at a time when it was not very busy and the girl behind the counter brought our sandwiches to our table, which she did not have to do.
2. Cool drinks.  I forget the name of the sodas they carry, but it was something different and not the average coke and pepsi.
3. Super fast.  There was not much of a wait for the food, which is good when you're starving!
Now, onto the bad:
1. SO SO SO greasy.  I realize that these sorts of sandwiches are going to be greasy, but my mensch and my friend's sandwiches had a puddle of grease, and our sandwiches were damn near soggy towards the end.  Also, our french fries were more like oil fries, not crunchy, but limpy and to be frank McDonalds has a better fry.
2. Bread is ... eh.  
3. Sandwich is over filled.  More is not always better when it comes to sammies.  I'm sure there are plenty folks who want more bang for their buck, but for me it doesn't taste any better if there are extra slices of meat and cheese shoved into a roll.
4. Place lacks AC.  I left Jake's feeling greasy and gross from the sandwich, and sweaty from the heat of the grill.  ewwwww.  
I'll give Jake's another try, maybe for a breakfast sandwich.  But for now, I shall detox!Jake's is still doing it big, guys! I saw a blurb about them on Food Network and decided to stop in the next day and get their featured "Turbacon" sandwich. My, was it tasty!! Slow roasted whole turkey, cranberry-apple spread, smoky grilled bacon, savory brown gravy and crispy potato pancakes. I also got a side of their Farm fries, which are topped with pork gravy and sharp provolone. 
Those fries were perfect! I was a little concerned that they would be soggy by the time I got them home. A few of them might've been, but they were so dang good, I hardly noticed. I haven't gotten the Mensch yet, but these guys are two for two, so I don't expect it to disappoint!I had a BBQ brisket sandwich. Very underwhelming experience. It was just a ton of BBQ sauce, cheese and fat. Very little meat in the sandwich. Not that it was cheap for a sandwich either.This review is only for their chocolate covered bacon ($2). It smells strongly of smoked meat, but the taste is pretty disappointing. You can barely taste the bacon, and the chocolate is decent. Additionally, bacon and chocolate, does not mix as well as you'd think.Great Quick grab sandwich, service, and atmosphere. 
I woulda given higher rating if the line cook hadn't pulled out his damn cell phone to check it while wearing gloves 
Otherwise good spotEXCELLENT.  This is what I was looking for in Philly... I had the Charlie Brown sandwich (cheese steak with bacon and cheddar instead of velveeta that is typical), and threw bbq sauce on it.  Was fantastic.  Highly recommended!Whoops, looks like I had this one in my drafts for about 6 months...let me continue.
As a native of Philly, the place was a nice find and certainly one that I would recommend to anyone in the area.  Typically when I'm downtown, I do everything I do to make it to the Reading Terminal Market, but they are not open later in the evening.  SO I had to branch out, and I am glad I did!
The cheesesteak was delicious, and the bread (most important part) was phenomenal.  Its more on the 'gourmet' side, not the true-grit of Pats in south philly, but still very good.  
Food: 5
Drinks: n/a (dont think they even have alcohol...so maybe 1)
Atmosphere: 3
Service: 4 (its a walk up counter situation)
Price: 3 
I'd recommend it if you're in the area.  But if its lunch, go fight the crowds at Reading Terminal, its worth it.Good but not great. The photos and descriptions of the food and menu lead you to believe that you are going to be feasting on something special. 
My first visit I got the turkey with bacon sandwich (turbacon)-turkey was extremely dry but the bacon was delicious.
My second I got the Mensch and asked for the horseradish sauce on side......50 cents more to get it on the side? It's not the money but the principle- i'm not asking for extra just on the side. 
Doesn't compare to Hershel's or DiNic's roast beef or Bassetts in the terminal.Great food and great  employees!!!! The people behind the counter were so nice and friendly and really helped me with my order since it was my first time. The sandwich was so fresh and tastey. I love that there are so many options! Definitely recommend!So came here last Saturday wanted some good old cheesesteak. After looking on yelp I came across this place. I see what people wrote about the place and decided to try them. So drove from Staten Island to philly just for this place. Arriving no parking at all had to park my car on a lot that charge me $15 bucks I was like oh this place better be good. So crossed the street is jakes I looked in side and place was empty I was like hmmm that can't be good but still went in and place my order. This place is not your typical cheesesteak place they used brisket which made my sandwich oily. I order the chocolate bacon they didn't make it to my table they forgot them I didn't want to even bother was so disappointed. The farm fries was just horrible they added cheese and some bitter gravy to them which they didn't melt. Give a start for the tea they serve and the girl at the cashier was very nice. Won't be coming back!I loved this place! I used to be obsessed with a chain sandwich store (JJ) and while they're still great, Jake's is like the BMW to their Toyota (price included).
Unfortunately I think my love is lost, since their renovation apparently included the menu. 
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE COLD TURKEY?!?! Their shredded-like cold turkey was AMAZING and they would fill the sandwich with it. I've gone in once since the renovation and now they only have hot/warm turkey that they carve and weigh on a scale. It's not bad, but I've never been a fan of any kind of "hot" turkey sandwich, and they give you less, which for a $9 sandwich, I feel like they shouldn't be trying to short change me.
I've recently been driving 20-30mins and searching for parking once a week, just for that sandwich, but now that simple delicious sandwich is no more.
All of my excitement for the University City store is now gone :( .I hit up Jake's on a whim... ok, that's kind of a lie.  I was hungry, passed by Jake's, and saw Beef bacon and sriracha ketchup on the menu.  The sandwich offerings here are made fresh with hand-carved meats.  There's veggies, beef brisket, pulled pork, and roasted turkey.  The toppings are what brings a fun twist to their food.  As I already mentioned, my "Magilla" came with sriracha ketchup, beef bacon, and aged provolone on their brisket. Great sandwich.  Bread was fresh, beef was tender, the bacon, spice, and cheese only added to the sandwich rather than overwhelm it.
I also picked up their fried pickles.  If you serve fried pickles and give me oily soggy dills, then expect a bad review.  Jake's served fresh pickles with a crispy batter which was neither too thick or soggy.  Perfect fried pickles are not easy.  
I can't say take your spouse here for Valentine's Day or come to Philadelphia for Jake's.  What I can say is if you are in the area and want a good sandwich, Jake's will not let you down.Superb cheese steak. Great brisket, and provolone and caramelized onions really complement the meat! Highly recommended.Great place for a sandwich! I've only done take out and delivery from Jake's but both times the sandwiches were great! 4 stars instead of 5 because I wouldn't mind a few more options on the menu but I would definitely recommend.Granted I'm not a Phili steak expert. I'm just a guy that's eaten it in three states (Cali., AR. &  TX.) and so I HAD to try it once in Phili right? It's so funny that the ones we just had here 30 mins ago (IN FUCKIN PHILI!!!) was some of the driest and lacking of flavor of them all.  
I'm not trying to Phili bash or anything K? I was actually expecting to taste the best PSS ever but instead I was unfortunately surprised with their bland spices. There were 4 of us so we all tried some'n diff. (Steak&egg; BBQ; Turbacon; & Pesto). The common theme was that it was under spiced, or better yet, under flavor. The dominant after taste was cheesiness.  The flavors just didn't stand up to the bread whatsoever. None of us could finish our sandwiches - and even after bringing it back to the hotel we ended up throwing it away rather than eating it. 
I opted out of trying the two iconic places for PSS (u know the ones) due to the Yelp reviews of them. I just didn't feel like going through the fakeness that is their themed attitude... U know what I mean, the one where they "pretend" like they're rude? Yeah whatever. 
Anyways we figured PSS'es are probably well represented in most Phili joints so we opted for one that had decent reviews. (I mean this place had higher Yelp reviews that those other two places for cry'n out loud).
So in conclusion, it was a curiosity thing that had to be explored. But now that it's over I can once and for all enjoy the PSS'es that I get in Cali and KNOW hands down that it not only represents Phili's but kicks its but! Not a doubt in my mind.Hands down the worst brisket I have ever had. 
1. The restaurant was freeIng cold, turn the heat on cheap asses
2. Beef was cold as if from the fridge
3. Bread was cold, hard and tasted stale 
4. I got the bbq sandwich which barely had any sauce and I was choking on the dry cold meat
5. What they call sharp provolone tasted like Parmesan, why would you put shredded cheese and not melt it????
The one star can be for the fries as that was only good thing about my experience. Will never be returning and i am mad we spent so much money on this food, honestly hospital cafeterias serve better sandwichesEverything I have had here had been great.  Usually get turkey and veggies in whole wheat which is not greasy, but I have had the unhealthy stuff as well which is worth the splurge once in awhile.  Gear fries, independent soda, chocolate covered bacon.  Something for everyone.TURBACON!!!!!!
Wow. This place is delicious. 
The turbacon is turkey, bacon, cranberry apple spread, potato pancakes and gravy. Yum Yum.
The fries are pretty delicious too.
I think I would like everything on this menu. I will be back.Great place for lunch - the sandwiches are delicious with unique options (including roasted garlic spread). Affordable with quick service. I am a fan of the decor - fun, new, and clean ( just did renovations - awesome job!) the portions are generous - being your appetite!!!I got the BBQ brisket which I thought was big and flavorful. Meat was tender. I like the sesame bread.
The regular Jake steak sandwich was sort of boring.
Fries are good and cheap ($1.50 for a small, but still a lot of fries).
Pretty easy place to stop by for lunch.Hit this place up during lunchtime on a Monday for their five dollar build your own pork sandwich deal. Got the pork sandwich w/ garlic sauce, chili paste, caramelized onion, sharp provolone w/ fire sauce on a seeded bun. 
Sandwich looks great out of the bag. The pork itself was relatively tender and flavorful, definitely not as dry as Dinic's to me. Otherwise, the sandwich was a little too creamy but that may have to do with the combination of toppings I ordered. Bun was chewy and delectable. 
Overall 75 percent as good as Paesano's at 50 percent the price. I'll take it. And I'm curious to try their gamut of other sauces and toppings. Will definitely be back again on subsequent Mondays, and possibly other days to try their non-pork specialty sandwiches as well.Will start off that the staff was great (super friendly) and the place was very clean - the food was not great . Our cheesesteaks were cold; the cheese wasn't even melted if there was any cheese on there (very skimpy). We were looking for a really good cheesesteak and was very disappointed. We also ordered the fried pickles which were overwhelmingly bready and greasy. The only good thing we had were the French fries! Would not recommend or come backThis was not only the worst cheesesteak I have ever had, it might be the worst sandwich I have ever had.I am on the search for the best cheesesteak  in Philadelphia so  I decided to give Jake's Sandwich  Board a try.....Big mistake.What I got was a cheesesteak   that tasted like what I imagine them to taste like if they were served in hell.The meat was not hot and was frankly mushy.The onions were soggy and the provolone had a none existent  flavor.The sesame  seed roll was hard and just not good for a cheesesteak. With a price tag of 10.00 (with tax) it was insult to injury.The staff on the other was very friendly and to be commended.If the food was as good as their customers  service, I would  be so happy. I have a lot more  cheesesteaks to try but this was a bump in the road.I really like what they have done at Jake's. I enjoy spicy food, which they have incorporated well into the menu. This is savory, delicious comfort food with a really cool Philly twist. I haven't been brave enough to attempt the 5 pound food challenge or the ghost pepper chili sauce, but maybe someday I will.
I tried a root beer float the other day, and even that was excellent. Nice job guys.I ate here, but it wasn't memorable at all. You might have a similar experience. If this was close to my house, I'd eat here everyone once and a while. But with so many better options within a few blocks, I just can't see one reason to go to Jake's.  I like the creativity on the sandwiches though.I'm a sucker for a good hot dog and besides cart food, where else can you find them? Jake's Sandwich Board...and guess what? They're deep fried, and put on a bun with french fries, cheese wiz, and fried onions...and all of a sudden its like you're 5 years old again, with cheese dripping everywhere, and you're giddy with excitement from this delicious concoction...top it all off with a birch beer and you're good to go!The first thing I like to do, immediately, upon arriving in Philly is order a big, fat, juicy sandwich. Cheesesteak is good but if a roast pork with broccoli rabe is available, then that is going to go in my mouth.
We drove up to John's Roast Pork 17 minutes too late. They had shut down two customers ahead of us. We drove away hungry and lost. Good 'ol Yelp app led us to Jake's Sandwich Board within minutes. Jake's looked so promising! Four stars and they were awarded a Best of Philly 2012. There were a lot of things on the menu that interested me. Smothered, Cowboy, Barnyard, Village Turkey, just to name a few. On top of that, the place itself was quaint and clean.   
I let Jocy C do the ordering and we got the 50/50 and Italian Pork. The 50/50 sounded tasty because it had bacon and sriracha in it. The Italian Pork we had to get just to compare to the other sandwiches in Philly.
We took the food to go, arrived at our hotel not even 15 minutes later, and tore into the sandwiches. The 50/50 was dry and bland. Barely a kick of sriracha and the bacon was thin. The Italian Pork did not have enough Provolone or broccoli rabe. If the pork had not been so dry, these toppings would not have been so much of an issue. The sandwiches were barely edible. Yes, you could easily eat it but it wasn't so enjoyable. I saved half of my sandwich for later. Later, I finished it and it was still not good.
I have had old sandwiches from Philly and they were juicy 24 hours later and with the flavors settled in, they were pretty good sandwiches. Jake's kind of failed on every level.
I recently came across an online article on poutine versions in Philly. Jake's Farm Fries (pork gravy and provolone) looked the saddest of the bunch. Literally pale in comparison to the others.
Sadly, Jake's food does not make me salivate. I will not come back.
Long live Paesano's and Tommy DiNic's!Ordered 10 different sandwich type items from the menu for the office today.   Mostly everyone requested some type of alteration to their sandwich and Jake's got everything right.  Everyone raved about it.  
I personally had the Mensch sandwich without onions and on a mutigrain roll.  The roll was excellent and the brisket was very, very good.  
The one thing people kept raving about was the fries.  Just the regular fries are really good, but the fries with pork, pork gravy, and bacon were exceptional.
Definitely worth checking out for a meaty sandwich.  Definitely worthy of being a Philadelphia sandwich shop.Went here based on the reviews and was not too impressed. 
We ordered the barnyard sandwich and fries for $10. Sandwich was pretty small for the $$, it was a good thing this was a snack. The seeded roll was tasty But was pretty greasy and pork was not too flavorful. The fresh cut fries were great.
Probably will not be back.I went to Jake's Sandwich board the other day and left completely satisfied. While I was looking at their menu my mouth was watering because it all sounded so good. I ended up ordering their signature sandwich Jake and got the combo with fries and a coke. They definitely don't cheat you on the portion and you even get refills on the coke's. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great Philly Cheese Steak or just a good sandwich in general.  I know I will be going back.Every decadent combination of gut busting belly filling Philly style sandwiches and then some. Jake's has successfully combined all my favorite sandwiches and different cuts of meat and blended them into the best tasting sandwiches I have had in philly so far. 
Where else can you combine chessesteaks with brisket or pulled pork? Speaking of pork, this place proudly displays their fresh roasted suckling pig to make their versions of the South Philly treasure. 
Good joint, your taste buds will thank you, your heart and your waist may not.  Every morsel makes you feel like you cheating some freakin diet. Dont forget the crisp onions, the long hots are good but i wish they threw it in for free as an option to all.Great Sandwiches. All that we expected and better. House-roasted meats. Steak sandwiches are great and Turkey also.Pretty disappointed with my first "Philly Cheesesteak in Philly" experience. I only had a day in the city for an interview, and felt compelled to get a legit Philly Cheesesteak in Philly. I came across Jake's on my walk to the train in the middle of a snow flurry, and was excited to find a delicious looking sandwich spot. 
Unfortunately, the Cheesesteak sandwich was highly underwhelming, mainly because of the uneven ratio of meat to bread. They have a very seedy bun, which I'm usually a fan of, but the bread definitely overpowered the minimal amount of brisket wedged in between. The onions that came on top were also pretty sparse, so I felt like I needed to add A LOT of sriracha to give the sandwich flavor and balance out the bread. 
Jake's Sandwich Board has a lot of potential, but they need to beef up their meat portions to make a heartier and tastier sandwich. Bonus: they have lots of outlets and relatively quick service!Great sandwiches! Delicious and creative. My only complaint was that it was a hot sandwich on cold bread. That's a biggie for me, and the difference between 4 stars and 5.We came here through the suggestions of everyone on Yelp. What the hell were you all thinking? We thought these guys had something up their sleeve that would make these sandwiches exceptional. Honestly, we could have gotten something as good as what we got from Subway or Jimmie Johns, yet we payed twice as much for a mediocre sandwich. The sandwiches were something I could have thrown together in a minute on a whim. For a place that prides itself for having great meat sandwiches, there was a serious lack of meat on mine. The staff was also quite rude; we felt like we were inconveniencing them which is the worst feeling if you're a paying customer. 
If you like hot food and want to test your limits, you can try the fire steak. As people with high spice tolerance, we found level of spice offputting, almost something that you would want to test with your friends to see who can fight back tears the longest. We had to remove the chili just to stomach the sandwich.
If you're looking at sandwich places in the area, there are 5 other places worth your money.Best fried pickles ever other items such as steak and shakes are also excellent be sure you make time to visit themGreat sandwich spot located right next to where I work.  I've been going since it opened and I can't get enough of the FireSteak.  It's your traditional cheesesteak sandwich but in the middle, it's loaded with a enormous fried hot pepper.  It's spicy, but not to the point where you can't appreciate the flavor. 
Also, the Skinny Chicken and black and white milk shakes are great too.  My only gripe is that it closes at 8pm (sometimes i'm not off work by then...)While this place is known for pig/pork/ham, I am reviewing it for the classic cheesesteak I ordered.  Meh.  Bread was nothing special, and not even warm.  Not nearly enough cheese - hardly any - and it had very little flavor.  Peppers and onions practically non-existent as well.  I think this place has seen better days and is riding its reputation.  Skip it.I've been to Jake's twice and was underwhelmed both times.   It's a good concept, but I think they stopped trying.
The sandwiches are soggy and relatively small considering the price.   It's hard to get out of here without spending at least $10.   
And while they seem like a good idea, the specialty sandwiches aren't that appetizing, usually consisting of a some meat and some wilted veggies.   It's best to stick with the basics - bbq, turkey, brisket, etc.
In short, Jakes Sandwich Board is too expensive for the weak quality.we travelled all the way to philly just to get a taste of Jake's. 
it was well worth it of course!
i had 50/50 and i like the taste of roasted pig in a sandwich
we also ordered the firesteak but it was beyond spicy..no kidding.
overall, we enjoyed the sandwiches, kudos!I came here for dinner on a random Monday, no line or anything. I got the mensch  brisket sandwich (caramelized onions w horseradish sauce and provolone cheese) $9.5. The meat was lean, not much fat. I prefer fatty meat so it seemed kind of dry to me. Warning: you will have massive food coma after eating this. The sandwich is pretty big and looking back I should have just split it with my friend but I was greedy and got my own. Plenty of meat in there.  My go to sandwich spot is jimmy johns but this is a good place to try.I had high hopes for this place. Maybe too high. Let me explain...
I walked in and studied the menu carefully, narrowing my lunch candidates down to 4 finalists. My problem was, every sandwich on the menu has something on it that I like, and something I don't like. This is maddening, because I want to eat something the exact way it was created and meant to be enjoyed. As such, I wont be that guy that deconstructs a sandwich and strips it down to something else. 
The 4 finalists were subjected to further scrutiny, and after wussing out, I went with the safest bet on the menu - the Steak & Egg. In short, certainly not the best sandwich I've ever had. I can get a cheesesteak made with pulverized/minced meat anywhere in NJ. Menu says it comes with "sunny side up egg", so why is mine fried all the way through? [smh] Weak, I knew I shouldve went for the damn pig sandwich.
Fries were good though, not sure if its the oil they were cooked in or what, but they were good. Ill be back for that pig sandwich, and I reserve the right to improve my rating as I deem fit.Popped into here after hearing about there farm fries from a friend.  I got the cheesesteak and farm fries, my Fiancée got the 50/50.  The sandwiches were just okay however the farm fries are what it's all about.  I'd give those a 5 all day long. But overall I can't do it.  Staff was nice enough and very fast. Location is great. I just expected more from there cheesesteak and 50/50 sandwich.Solid.
I got the skinny chicken and my friend got the other chicken. Really, it looked/tasted exactly the same. However, it was still good. I wouldn't advise vegetarians to come here b/c there is a real limited options for them. But, I think I might choose Cosi next time. Yet, I love their  pig shirts!!Jake's provides some very innovative modifications to your classic Philly cheesesteak.  Fast service and fries that are hard to come by.  
They offer some leaner options, too, for those who want to eat a big fat sandwich but also want to subside their personal guilt (like me). The skinny chicken sandwich with fried onions, roasted red peppers and american is my go-to.  
Lastly, anyplace that pays homage to Sriracha like Jake's does wins me over instantly. Good stuff.I've been here twice, its down the street from my office.  The ingredients are mostly decent, the sandwich concepts are good.  execution....might be an issue.
First sandwich - the mensch.  Decent.  
Second sandwich - the classic (meatball).  meh.
Some comments on sandwich architecture....all the cheese on top + wax paper wrapping = my sandwich's taint getting a brazillian wax.  Both sandwiches, this occurred.  bummer.
Most things about the mensch were decent all around, but the horseradish sauce was too mild, would have preferred more spice.
The classic (meatball).  the meatballs were good, so was the sauce.  But, the sanwich was really only half full of meatballs.  I understand this is a cost issue...but for $7.50, they could fill the roll out a little more.  When you would grip the sandwich and attempt a bite out of the meatballs, they would squirt down to the other side of the roll, as if to hide from you.  
Durign my second visit, I was a tad surprised about the substantial difference in the roll.  First time there, it was of good quality.  Second time...I must be honest.  I think this roll had been microwaved.  Again, as someone who logged a lot of days/nights behind the sandwich counter, I know what a leftover, frozen and then micro-waved roll tastes and feels like.  
I will give em one more try...and hopefully my review will improve.Excellent sandwich place for a quick bite. There are a lot of options so maybe take a peak at the menu beforehand. I had half of the turbacon and half of the Classic pork (split with a friend). I  LOVED the classic pork, but the turbacon was covered in a thick, albeit delicious, gravy that inhibited me from really tasting much else. In the future, I would ask for that gravy on the side. I also tried one of my friend's French fries and immediately regretted not getting my own as they were crispy, hot, salty and delicious! The restaurant itself is a fast casual set
up but the ambience is enough that you could sit and chat for a while.I feel like I'm cheating on Paesano's :(
The bread is fresh, crispy and soft. The portions are generous without being too much.  The price is amazing, especially considering its location.
I had the midtown chicken and it was incredible.  Chicken, cheddar, avocado, roasted peppers, red onions.  Amazing!
I think I have a new stop before I get a haircut on Saturdays.
This place rocks.Heart attack?   Possibly after eating a sandwich and some farm fries.
I am currently working my way through the menu at Jake's current favorites...
a 50/50  that's 50% bacon and 50% roast pork with house sriracha spread and sharp provo  and an order of farm fries... fries with pork gravy and bacon... 
How can you go wrong??
The only sandwich that I cannot rave over so far is the Turbacon... Just seems to be missing something.
As always another LevelUp location which I love.Just ate the Mensch and I must say I'm totally on board, even if with tax this sandwich tops out at just over $10. The brisket is perfectly cooked, the bread is delicious, and the marriage of horseradish, caramelized onions and provolone is a match made in heaven. 
I only meant to eat half of my sandwich (it's probably about 8-10" long) but devoured the whole thing. Oops.I came into Jake's Sandwich board because I saw that one of their sandwiches was voted top 10 in Philly.  The place is located on 12th street between Walnut and Sansom. The first time I went in there I had the corned beef special of the month which was good. Jake's uses a special sriracha sauce on a lot of their sandwiches which give it a distinctive taste. I also had the fried pickles which were okay.
The 50/50 sandwich which is half pork and half bacon was the sandwich that was nominated for best of Philly. I was a little disappointed in this sandwich. It was not that good and seemed pretty plain. Some of the other sandwiches on the menu sounded like they would be better. I will definitely go back to try their cheesesteaks and also they have chocolate covered bacon.I'm not a fan, the horseradish was overpowering on the Mensch and needed more caramelized onions to balance out the saltiness of the brisket. I trumped it up to the sandwich just not being good but my poutine like Farm Fries weren't any better. I threw out the rest of my meal when I got back to my rental. 
The restaurant itself was a great design and setup but I didn't like the food and don't want to try anthing else.Stopped in early to pick up a cheese steak for lunch. Terrible sandwich. The roll was hard and dry. The unidentifiable meat was mealy and had globs of what looked like pre-chewed fat - not nice to bite into at all. Onions were okay, but the cheese was grated and never had time to melt. Not my idea of a good time and after two bites and a quick look inside the bun, I ended up throwing the entire $10 mess away.
Back to Mama Angelino's or NYPD for me.I got the Barnyard pulled pork sandwich and was pleased. Good flavors and fresh taste. Felt like a quality sandwich. I like the options to choose from which offer a twist on the norm. I'd go back to try a few other options.Italian pork sandwich was ok. I thought the pork was a bit dry though. Garlic bomb is a very boring sandwich to me. Nothing surprising but fills up the stomach...I don't know much about sandwich, period. I don't eat a lot of them and I am one of those people who separate everything before eating...I know, this totally makes sandwich a bad choice for someone like myself.
Anywho. I had a strange urge to get me a sammich today - so I stopped by here. I like the name Jake. Okay, I'm going off tangent here. Back to the sandwich topic. I got the village turkey. It was a turkey sandwich on a roll(hoagie roll) with crispy bacon, fresh spinach and mysterious yummy sauce. I really enjoyed half of it as the sandwich is pretty big. I had some milkshake with it, too - lord it was so awesome. The staff is really friendly. They make the milkshake with the vintage milkshake maker... Real ice cream and milk! YUM YUM YUM. 
However, the bread roll was beyonddddd chewy and tough. My jaw was hurting by the time I got through half of that sandwich. I think the roll was old(yesterday's). That's where 2 stars go off. It really made a big difference! 
BUT I'll probably go back again as they have some interesting sandwich choices available. Philly wasabi with rib eye steak + wasabi sounded ridiculously good!!!! Hopefully, I'll be able to get that one on a fresh roll next time!Fast service great fries farmer market excellent loaded with pound's of veggies. Ok I may exaggerated on the pound's but it was a lot.Not really that great. If you want a cool/fun/interesting sandwich there are a lot of better options in the city. Paesano's, Reading Terminal, etc.I had a 50/50 during my first time here, which I thought was plain and dry. On my second visit I decided to go for beef and ordered the cheesesteak tasting (1/2 brisket and 1/2 steak). It was topped with fried onions and provolone. This sandwich was really good. It was moist and you don't even need to any sauces for it; although a little bit of spicy mayo sauce will give it a kick if you're fond of spicy foods. The fried pickled was a great side as well.This place has very well crafted sandwiches. I got the turbacon sandwich which has cranberry spread, turkey, bacon, gravy, and hashbrowns. I also got a side order of fries. The sandwich was very big and filling. The only negative I have is the fries were over salted. Luckily there is free refills for your beverage.I ordered delivery and while there was serious potential for amazing-ness, the experience was disappointing for several reasons.   One, I ordered the fried pickles with sriracha sauce and was super excited about the sauce and planning to use it on my french fries as well.  They forgot the sauce which just made the fried pickles and fries slightly less exciting and felt like $6 wasted, especially since I don't keep ketchup in my apartment.  Just didn't seem worth having the delivery guy return for since he struggled enough to find my large apartment complex in the first place.  Second, be super careful if you have dietary restrictions/food intolerance concerns as they don't list all the toppings included in the sandwiches.  I am usually much more careful with food orders since onions make me sick but I guess I was feeling particularly adventurous and trusting this evening when I ordered the garlic bomb sandwich.  Many other sandwiches on the menu list caramelized onions as an ingredient, but since the garlic bomb did not and the listed ingredients for this sandwich were only suspicious for possible onion powder (brilliant me with the day off tomorrow decided it was worth it since onion powder doesn't make me as sick).  Turns out the brisket is mixed with caramelized onions and I ate a delicious but overpriced sandwich of bread, cheese, garlic sauce and crispy garlic with the onions/meat picked out and prayers that I won't be crying later.  Last, I figured on a hot summer day my milkshake would arrive melted but was hoping if I stuck it in the freezer it would turn out OK.  I can tell it would have been delicious on site, but didn't really thicken back up in the freezer so that it tasted like chocolate milk (which for me is blech).  Overall, the taste of everything was great, just could tell that it all could have been better with some attention to detail.my caloric treat of the week....  food is great , staff is fairly friendly     great hidden gem in CC..Really decent sandwiches. Good seasonal sandwiches too. I had turducken sandwich during thanksgiving which was rocking. My other favorite is 50/50. I still think Paesano and dinics is better but they are too far and too crowded respectively. So this is a good option that is more accessible to me during lunch time in center city.So many times have I been burned by this place. They have big heads and DON'T care about the customer AT ALL!! First time I ever went there, it was over an hour before they closed and they turned me away because it wasn't busy enough so they closed early. Another time I tried to order delivery (which they clearly advertise on their menu) we were turned away because, "the kitchen was too busy so we decided not to deliver". While their sandwiches are pretty good, no place is worth that. I've never seen a place who disrespects customers more than them. Done forever.TurDucken Hoagie. That's all you need to say. I think that it was only on the menu before Thanksgiving but it would be well worth the wait. In the mean time almost all of their sandwiches are really good. The 50/50 really stands out among the rest. Also, don't think this is a Center City baby sandwich. You will get what you paid for and more.I've tried the following sandwiches: 
Barnyard (pulled pork)
Jake (cheesesteak ish but the long hots can be quite hot)
Whole roasted pig (cracklings were not crispy in the one I had)
Classic (meatballs- the roasted garlic in the sandwich is especially good)
Farmer's market (veggie option)
And I liked the Jake and the Classic the best. Birch beer (that red root beer stuff) and orange cream soda on the fountain. 
*Fries are consistently excellent- fresh flash fried to order, larger than shoestring and smaller than steak cut, crispy exterior. I like these better than the fries at 500 (sometimes too flat), Five Guys (sometimes not crispy enough), Monk's (recently sad and limp), Nodding Head (inconsistent), Parc (good shoestring)...First went here with my boss after court since he'd seen it on a food network. The 50/50 was AWESOME! I like ordering on haystacks (french fries) and their house Sriracha sauce on this is phenomenal, it really made the sandwich. I've been back twice since, the second time I took my sister and her friends visiting from out of state. My sister and her friend ordered some holiday turkey thing with cranberry and they both were in awe of how good it was.
I must show up off rush hours I guess because the place has yet to be packed and the servers are always pleasant, friendly and more than happy to tell you about anything on the menu. This place will never Replace Di'Nics or Old Nicks, but they are a solid contender for my money when I'm in CC as their menu has variety and is always delicious.I met up with a group of friends in Philly, and my friend recommended this place for lunch.  Normally, sandwiches are not my favorite food, but these sandwiches were completely satisfying.  The menu was organized in an easy to read fashion, with items categorized by meat.  They have a lot of sandwiches that combine flavor combinations that are recognized as delicious (like turkey and cranberry), and they put a special twist on them.  If you prefer simpler sandwiches, they have a build your own board.
I ended up getting the barnyard sandwich, and it was excellent.  The pork was tender and the chili gave it a kick.  Everyone else in my group loved their sandwiches, especially the turkey.  They were quite large, and finishing the whole thing left me very full.  To be able to find sandwiches of this quality for less than $10 is something to remember.  I would love to come back to try other sandwiches!Jake's has been bookmarked "To Try" for some time now. Well, I can now check it off my list because I came, I saw, and damn it, I ate. I had to fast the day before for a medical procedure and I already knew what I wanted to eat afterwards like a week in advance. Yeah, I know heavy meaty and cheesy deliciousness is probably not what one should have after breaking a fast, but me walks on the wild side once in a while. 
I ordered the Classic (ground beef, pork sausage and veal meatballs, marinara, roasted garlic spread, fried onions, mozz and spinach) AND the Pig Sandwich w/roasted garlic spread, au jus, sharp prov, and broccoli rabe. OMG, I was in hog heaven! Oh, maybe I should say WE were in hog heaven since I went halfsies with the man in my life ;-) My only complaint was a few too many onions on the Classic but I suppose that's just a matter of personal preference. The rolls were really good, too.
I went online and checked out their menu and everything looks really good. Next stop: The Mensch!The best sandwich place in Philadelphia. Anything and everything here is tremendous. People talk about Geno's, or Pats or Tony Luke's but this place puts them all to shame. So if you're a slob like me you'll love this place, but there are also some veggie options, so you don't have to feel like a slob if you make the hard choice to steer clear from the 50/50, the BBQ brisket, the turbacon, or literally anything else on this long consistent menu.had an all-out glutton fest with my SIL. We shared the "classic", "turbacon", and "mensch". all of the sandwiches were great!  My personal fav is the classic...a close second would be the turbacon.  I will be back!First time in Philly since the 4th grade, looking for a good sandwich for lunch. Did not disappoint. I went with the Barnyard. I felt like taking the whole sandwich back to my hotel and getting weird, but instead I just went back the next day and got the mensch. Would definitely recommend.Amazing sandwiches!! The farm fries are to die for!!! My lad was overwhelmed with orgasm eating his 50/50 sandwich!! Two thumbs up!!