Just got home from my LONG drive to Philadelphia PA. I had a house full of guests  and the general consensus for dinner was island cuisine. Unfortunately, I forgot that this is the Penn Relay weekend (huge mistake). After driving 1.5 hour and taking 30 minutes to find a $15 parking space, I finally arrived. The place was not too packed but half the patrons were gathered around the ordering counter. It took me a few minutes to realize that this increadibly roudy, vulgar bunch had aready placed their orders but were just hanging out at the counter, thus preventing newly arrived customers from placing their orders. I tried my best to get noticed and to get to the counter but had no luck. Ultimately, I and a few other customers (or should I say "potential customers" eventually gave up and left. The cincher for me was that the staff were clearly aware of what was occurring but made no attempt to control the crowd. I may have waited if the staff showed some business savvy and kept the counter area clear but unfortunately, they appeared overwhelmed and confused. i've eaten at the Jerk Hut several times (food is OK-good) but this visit left a bad taste in my mouth so I may have to reconsider future trips across the bridge for authentic JA CUISINE!!
PS: Memo from prior visits, their wait staff can be a bit rude.Thankfully I was not starving and there were crayons to keep me occupied like a little kid, otherwise I would not have been a happy camper! 
We got a living social deal. We arrived and chose where we wanted to sit. We were leisurely given menus and a long list of what they DIDN'T have on the menu. 
Our orders and our living social voucher were taken. Then there was apparently a problem with our voucher and a lot of back and forth w the waitress. Finally we were told it was ok but the waitress asked us for our order again bc she never put it in once there was a problem w the voucher! 
Eventually the food came and it was just ok. I got the curry goat. It was mostly bones (large and small) and fat sadly, though the flavor was decent. It came with fried plantains which I love but these tasted like they had been reheated or microwaved or something. My husband got the jerk chicken which was full of little splinter bones. He had to be careful w every bite. He said the flavor was good but very spicy. 
I thought the prices seemed high considering the quality of the food and you get served water in disposable plastic cups (yet cloth napkins...). Also, you have to go outside to get to the bathroom which is pretty inconvient when it's raining out. Must be really annoying in the winter!
Another negative... No street parking in that area. Had to pay for a parking lot next door.
I'm glad I went just to say I have been but I would definitely not go back.I went here for lunch on a saturday afternoon and had a rather forgettable experience. This place looks like it would be a lot of fun with an outdoor seating area for live reggae music and a well-designed interior that that reminds you of the tropics. 
The prices are on the high side but the food itself is pretty good. The service is just god awful though. We waited 45 minutes from our initial order to get an order of bread  and a drink. It was another 20 minutes to get the actual entrees. The beef ribs and chicken jerk are authentic, reminded me of trips to Jamaica. The rice is so-so and the same for the cabbage and plantains and in my opinion, the coco bread isn't worth it. I would like to give this place a better rating because the point of going there was the jerk chicken but the service was terrible enough to make you regret going. 
That all being said, I'm planning on going to the live reggae shows they have and ordering take-out when the urge for jerk chicken arises.The food at this place is really good. I from the Caribbean and the food reminded me of my mother's home cooking. I had the ox tail, and it was delicious.  The ox tail came with rice, cabbage, and fried plantains. It's a very good portion for the price. I also had a veggie patty for the first time and it was tasty as well. The atmosphere is nice, there is just limited seating. The staff was very nice and accommodating.Came here on a day it wasn't busy at all and they food was still on point! Little expensive but well worth it, whatever that sauce is I tried to put on everything, the Mac and cheese, rice, chicken, cabbage everything!When I went the Jamaican Jerk Hut, it was for a very specific purpose.  We had two vegetarians, wanted to BYOB, and wanted a place that isn't too expensive.
The Jerk Hut is cheap for a reason.  Service includes you ordering at a counter, and waiting around for one of the two employees to take the order.  It's not that they were being lazy, the phone was ringing off the hook, even on a Monday.  Inside, there is a few seats.  They were working on a large outdoor patio in the back, which I can only imagine is perfect on summer nights.
Besides reagge playing, there isn't much of an ambiance.  We saw three ants crawling on the counter when we were paying.  So why go to a place with basic service and little atmosphere?
It's the food.  I had the jerk chicken, and it was the most amazingly flavored piece of meat I've had in recent memory.  My friends also seemed to enjoy their dishes.  The side of plantains I ordered perfectly complimented my meal.  Honestly, I would recommend this place for takeout, especially if you can't eat outside.  The good tastes good enough to overcome what the restaurant lacks otherwise.A co-worker recommended this place.   Prefer Caribbean Delight, which is right down the street.  Service was nice, place was clean, but food was pricey and not as good as Caribbean Delight.  The Curry Goat was $16!  Crazy!!  
Other thing I didn't like, the tv was blaring children's programming.  OK if there were children, perhaps.  It was just us adults though.  With better within a few block's reach, don't see any reason to return.I've been to the Jerk Hut twice, once inside and once outside. If I had been rating this place just based on the inside experience, I would have given it three stars. However, my outside experience was pretty damned abominable. When I ate inside with my boyfriend and two friends, our experience was fairly pleasant. The place is pretty small and shabby (dare I say a little dirty?), but the service was prompt and the employees friendly. My Jerk Shrimp was not as amazing as I had expected, but still palatable to say the least. I got a pineapple soda to wash it down, and I was happy. 
The outside experience, on the other hand, was quite the opposite of pleasant. The hostess was a little abrupt with us, since we questioned the $5 per-person "entertainment fee" and $6 PER SIX-PACK "corkage fee". Now please, let me define for you a corkage fee (thank you, Answer.com): A charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of liquor served that was not bought on the premises. The Jamaican Jerk Hut does not sell any alcohol, so this is a misleading use of the term "corkage fee"... they aren't losing out on any alcohol sales, since they don't have a liquor license. The only thing they did that was worthy of monetary compensation was provide us with a bucket of ice. That really pissed us off. 
So even before we sat down to eat and drink OUR OWN BEER, we had already shelled out $21 between three of us. (Good thing we brought another six-pack in our backpack that they didn't notice...) Let me just say that I wouldn't mind paying a $5 cover to see an act worthy of that money. However, instead of hearing authentic Jamaican music, which I was hoping for, there was a white guy with dreads who was pretty much the worst Bob Marley impostor I've ever seen. Fake Jamaican accent and everything. There isn't much that I despise more than white people faking Jamaican accents... or anyone faking any accent, for that matter, and trying seriously to get away with it. Anyway, I digress... I'll just say that the music was not up to par.
While we were sitting there trying to endure the terrible music and forget about the through-the-roof prices, we were kind of paying attention to our mostly bland and disappointing food. It seemed like they were mass-preparing meals, except they took three times as long to come out than a mass-prepared meal would. The only thing that I really enjoyed was the coconut shrimp appetizer. The sauce was a little too sweet, but mostly good. The jerk chicken with rice and beans was kind of dry and not as spicy as I would have liked. Very, very disappointing. The fried plantains weren't even good... they were greasy. Yuck. I might give this place a try again, but it will NEVER be outside.I'm extremely disappointed. I went in here with my expired coupon and they wouldn't even let me use the value of the Groupon per the Groupon regulations. They said I had to bring a print out which is totally against Groupon. They could've easily marked my coupon as redeemed instead they chose to turn me away when there wasn't even one person in the restaurant.  I wish I could give them zero stars.Being Jamaican and growing up in a Jamaican Restaurant I have been searching for good Jamaican food in Philadelphia. I have tried several Jamaican / Caribbean places in Philadelphia and this is by far the best place yet. I even took my parents to the Jerk Hut when they came to visit and they were impressed as well. 
The Jerk Hut experience is all about the food (I haven't had the pleasure of hanging outside on the Jerk Hut Lawn/Patio and listening to Reggae Vibes but I am looking forward to it in the Spring and Summer. 
Compared to other Jamaican food places the Jerk Hut is pricey but is more than reasonable when compared to other food sorts.  In my opinion it is worth it. 
Service: Remember you are getting a Jamaican experience, they are on Island Time! 
The Jerk Hut is good if you want to relax and enjoy some quality Jamaican food. It appears that once the outside patio/lawn opens the Jerk Hut would be a great place to accommodate a group of friends to casually get together BYOB, listen to reggae vibes and play dominoes.Can't imagine why this place is still around.  From the skanky exterior, who would park and enter?  The food, nothing special, the service is a roll of the dice and the place is not exactly Lysol friendly. Why?Ate here again on Friday, and as usual, my food was excellent!!!  I'm adding an extra star now because our waiter was kind enough to move our table outside so my bf and I could eat outside. Unfortunately, it started to rain, but I appreciated the effort!  
People who came here expecting glitz and glamour know very little about authentic Jamaican spots. Forget about the fact that it was in a movie.....if you want some fantasy dining experience, go eat at a Beaches resort or something or go eat at Bahama Breeze.
My food came within 15 minutes and the service was wonderful. Yah Mon....i had a big birthday party here because i heard from a friend you could bring your own beer. i thought that would be a great money saver. it was - but scheduling the party was a confusing hassle. i felt like i didnt have all the information up front, even though i stopped in to confirm the date. i kept getting new info about fees later on in the planning process. i didnt even know we were getting a band until the day of, but i was glad we got one. the day of the party was unseasonably cold, and the party space is not insulated, so i would suggest u have parties here only in nice weather. but my friends braved it and were rewarded with great food.The mixed reviews here are appropriate.  While the food here is very good (authentic, though a little bit salty the day we tried it), the service is a let down.  We waited longer than expected and did not get everything that we ordered.  The front of the house is clearly quite disorganized t times, but the back knows how to cook!I live a block away and have wanted to try this this place all summer.  i gathered friends for a party and called twice during the week about reservations to keep them in the loop for numbers. My first times calling I specifically asked if there would be any thing i should know. So they informed me of the $3 corkage fee per bottle/6pack. I was pleased to know in advance so I could let my friends know. Unfortunately, the girl forgot to tell me there was also a $3 per person entertainment fee for the live band. I was informed of this via phone call at 3 hours before i was showing up with my guests. It wasn't a matter of the $3/per head because i am sure my friends wouldn't have cried about it, but more over the principle of it. I am a planner.
In the end the manager called me back and said she would take the corkage off but not the entertainment fee. I found this an acceptable solution and I was back to being excited about trying this place that I walk by every day. 
Unfortunately, while I was there, my experience was pretty much the same as others as far as food and service. 
The food was excellent. 
The service was poor. If someone brought a party of 15-20 people to their establishment, i feel like we could have actually gotten some friendly servers for the amount of money being spent. I honestly feel that this is fixable. They definitely would need to either hire some friendly staff, or re-train. 
I was also pretty disappointed that they had no rotis. HOW?
I think what really got my star rating to a 3 was because I love the location, atmosphere and the band was great!I could not believe the service at this place.  I have never seen a server walk so slow or get so many things wrong in our order.  Our food took forever to get - I ordered the Goat Roti and I got the Curry Goat Platter by mistake, which was 75% bone and fat.  It was pretty good, but not nearly good enough to make up for the horrible experience.  My friend got a shrimp kabob platter that had 4 over cooked shrimp on it and it was $19.  WTF. Major fail of a restaurant.  I could see how college kids would think it was a cool hang out, but really it is just a greedy stinking hole of a place.The food is just OK. Spicy is genuinely feel it  in your years and have to pause spicy. The rice and plantains were too dry. I do recommend the beef and chicken patties. Service was quick and very polite.I like their food but I have them rated at two stars because of their delivery service. Right now "Uber Eats" and "EAT24" are the only ones you can order through. 
"Uber Eats" never delivers directly to my house and I have to direct the driver and "EAT24" only shows a catering option. I've called "The Hut" but they haven't fixed the problem.
As a business, they should monitor the apps there customers use. Ordering food for delivery is an annoying process.My first time coming here, I order the Curry Goat for take out, I got the large which was $15 cause I was going to get the small, but my mom insist on me getting the large.. Everything seem to taste good too me, I wonder how the small portion would have looked compared to the largerFor about a month after going to the Jamaican Jerk Hut, I felt physically sick when I heard reggae.   I wish I were kidding, but I really disliked the food that much.
Our table (a large party) paid an "entertainment fee" to listen to bad live music.  We were also charged a corking fee for every bottle of wine and 6-pack of beer--even though we brought our own opener and the waiter never actually opened anything.  If you want to charge for alcohol, please get a liquor license.  
Service was abysmal.  They mixed up our food orders and it took close to an hour and a half to get our food.
The only plus I can think of is that they have outdoor seating, which meant smokers could smoke their little lungs out while waiting an hour and a half for the food to arrive.I took some friends here because I was literally dying for some good Jamaican food and with no trip to Jamaica in sight (damn this recession!), we embarked to  the Jerk Hut with rum in hand. The service leaves something to be desired but I wasn't there to be smoozed--I was there to get my eat on. 
We came earlyish on a Saturday afternoon and got our food rather quickly. We started out with patties and they were good. Flaky. Flavorful. Filling. (Check me out with my alliteration today!). The Ting and ginger beer complimented the rum nicely and before I knew it, in my mind--I have been blessed with a vivid imagination--I was in eighty degree Runaway Bay with friends. Ok, no I wasn't because the food just wasn't there, ya dig?
I ordered the jerk snapper, the goat roti, cornbread, cabbage, and some other dishes for the table to share. Everyone thought it was ok (no one really raved about it but enjoyed it) and it came out hot. 
With no room for dessert, we took home bread pudding (delicious but very sweet), pound cake (was told later it tasted slightly stale but the icing was on point) and bean pie (me likey that a whole lot--fresh and tasty). 
I am not sure if I would come back, I am sure there might be better Jamaican spots but the BYOB and patties were stellar and liquor and meat-filled pastry is enough to get me anywhere.This place is the pits. I went there with a medium-sized party (with reservations) and sat outside. The waitress screwed up nearly everyone's orders, the service took more than an hour (not counting the time AFTER we got the wrong foods it took for her to get the people who even cared to wait longer their correct orders), and the stuff we were told was "spicy" was fairly mild. My spice-phobic friends ordered a green salad, which they were not warned (but told afterward by the waitress) is "the spiciest thing on the menu." We were charged an entertainment fee and a BYO fee PER PERSON for them to give us a bottle opener. All in all, possibly the worst dining experience I've had in Philly.It was not bad, I had the jerk chicken dinner platter and my friend had the mango chicken dinner platter. We also ordered jerk chicken wings for an app. The jerk chicken holds a very nice kick and I enjoyed it tho the jerk wings were very burnt and dry. The dinner platters were more moist and tasty and over all very good.Wow...my how the Jamaican Jerk Hut has changed. I have been there several times in the past and generally leave pretty happy and with a satisfied belly. Well, last night was surely NOT one of those experiences. Let me take you through the evening....
We were a party of 15....had reservations for about 2 months in advance
1. Arrive at 7:30--meet with friends, buckets are on the table for beer....good start
2. 7:40 Give menus and looking for apps; we notice other guests eating ribs but don't see them on menu. We ask server and she says, 'oh that's our special.' Doesn't proceed to actually tell us about the special, but, we order it. The BBQ ribs. They are typically an entree, but we were hungry so ordered one to eat as an app. The plan was to share with the table. 
3. 8:30- It's now been almost an hour. Other apps came out to others in our parties, the ribs never come. We ask what is taking so long and she says that they are thick and take a long time to cook. (I've worked in many restaurants throughout the city....BBQ ones at that...I know ribs. They are pre-cooked. You heat them and throw sauce on them.) At this point we have already ordered entrees because it was taking so long that we wanted to make sure we weren't eating at midnight. So....at this point we say ok forget the ribs as an app, send them with all of the entrees. 
4. 9:15 the ribs arrive with SOME of the other entrees. They were 4 pieces of rib, a scope of rice and sauteed veggies. This is what we waiting 1 hour and 45 mins for?!?! AND paid $22. You must be kidding. 
5. I ordered the vegetable roti.  It was ice cold when I got it. I looked around for a server to ask for it to be heated.....NO servers outside. I continued to sip on my beer (the only good thing of the evening) and waited til a server walked by. After about 10 mins still NO server outside. I walk inside and see I server. I simply ask if it can be heated up. She said, 'go find a manager. He's in the kitchen wearing a yellow shirt. tell him.' I said, 'I don't feel comfortable walking into the kitchen.' She says, 'no, its ok.' As this is happening, the bus boy is walking by and he says, 'I'll take it for you.' He takes my food, places it on top of his dirty, full bus tub and walks it to the kitchen. Ummmmm..... (It does get heated up quickly and returned to table...it was ok tasting...)
6. A friend at the table ordered the jerk shrimp skewers at a hefty $20. I don't mind spending money on food, but good food. Not food that is sitting in mass quanity in the back....but the best part is....HE NEVER GOT THE SHRIMP. At around 9:45 when a server FINALLY comes around we ask where it's at...she looks at her notepad....doesn't say anything and walks back inside. Oppps. He had to follow her inside and cancel the order. 
7. The bill comes. $486 for 11 people. We split it...so $44 bucks a person. I could go to some of the nicest restarants in philly and get a tasting menu for almost that prince. And remember...it's a byob...so that did not include alcohol. 
I didn't expect fine dining or amazing food. But...I expected 'good.' What I got was....Goodbye, Jamaican Jerk Hut. At this rate, you won't last much longer. 
PS. There were several other large parties seated near us....and needless to say...it was QUITE obvious they were having a similar experience. I heard both tables continually ask where the food was and have to confirm orders with servers because they were not getting the correct food. 
It seems that the main root of the prob was the kitchen. Oh and let's update the website too. You're prices are several dollars cheaper on your website than on the menu.Was a waste of time and money. They are one of the worst Jamaican food I ever had other than Jamaica Ds. I don't understand why they have awards for this place. Maybe they use to be good. I order oxtail, jerk shrimp,Mac and cheese, and jerk chicken. The oxtail were very hard and the flavor was bad it probably was old the sauce was not fresh and it was sleep up on the plate. All they did was add browning to the meat. The plantains was the worst I had in my entire life it was not sweet it was hard and over cooked they didn't use a ripened plantain. The jerk chicken tasted old the jerk sauce was pure pepper. I know you hear chopping in the back but that's not what your getting.I know Jamaican food is usually spicy but this was not enjoyable spicy. It's nothing wrong with spice but damn they over did it. The Mac and cheese was so so nasty. First of all it was like they used the cheap blue box of Mac and cheese and than it must have been old because the noodles were all broken up like it was giving trouble coming out the pot. I even saw the lady scraping up something when the curtain blocking the kitchen from the counter was drawn away for a brief moment. My daughter did not even want it after she had her first taste. I wish I didn't eat I already had a bad feeling about it when I saw it. The jerk shrimp was not jumbo as stated and it was just drowning in jerk sauce that was overly spicy and they were very small like they were over cooked or just very small shrimp on white bread. We needed a lot of water and overall I think we had left overs and or maybe they just had a bad cook. I will never return to this placeI tried.  I remember going to the Jerk Hut years agoa.  I didn't like it, but I thought it was my lack of experience with carribean fare.  I remember the food being way too spicy and I like spicy. I remember the chicken being tough. So, let's get to the present, I had a groupon/living social deal and said, "Yes, I will try it again!"  Get there and order. I notice the food is expensive, no worries, I will pay for good food. We were getting our food to go, so we sit and sit and sit.  Not sure why, but we sit. I get a chicken pattie to help me sit.  The cashier wasn't nice or mean, she just didn't care. She never acknowledge how long we were sitting, nothing.  No worries, good food chumps that any day, especially when it's to go. The food finally comes. Ox tails, peas and rice and cabbage. YEAH! Get it home and it was not good at all.  So many painful memories come to mind and I am left kicking myself for even going back.  No worries, I know a place that won't let me down.........Carribean Delight, down the street.Saw this on the TV show triple D. Me and my wife decided since we came to Philly from NY why not try it. The food wasn't bad but I have had better. Rice was excellent as well as the cabage. I had the curry goat which was okay and my wife had the ox tail which I didn't like too much. The service wasn't too great. The lady at the front seem to be very slow and she spoke too low to even hear. Other than that it was an okay little place.eh? dont get me wrong 8 people 10 bottles of wine. fun anywhere. it just felt a lil ghetto. like eating in a screened porch. they were out of a lot of stuff. but our waiter was sweet. and we were loud. good times. but not somewhere i would go again. the food was just ok. but very inexpensive. it came to $20 a piece. we tried a bunch of different things. we just ordered lots of plates and sampled them. def affordable good times byob.I understand why the reviews are a bit scattered for this place....
Pros:
hot delicious food
BYOB
convenient location
Cons:
small portions
pricier than you'd expect
service is meh
Honestly, the menu prices should complement the actual interior and dining experience of the restaurant.  This place LOOKS cheap at first glance-- but definitely doesn't have hole-in-the-wall pricing...but you get the hole-in-the-wall service and experience.... capeesh?  Worth a visit though.Great food, horrible service... if you plan to bring wine I would advise bringing your own opener.. took the server 1/2 hour to find an opener. music outside was very loud.Food here is actually pretty good, when it comes.  But, it is expensive to the point where considering all other aspects of the experience, it is not worth the price being charged.  Not even close, really.  Sure, it's very nice to be outside, and the $3 cork charge per 6-pack is not so bad, but every time I've gone here, it's more disappointing than the last time.  The service is usually friendly, but it is painfully slow (I could almost get back to Tampa for my favorite Jamaican spot, Cepha's Hot Shop, in the time it takes to get in and out of here!)  This is a good spot to go hang with friends, especially if you've already eaten elsewhere.  Just remember to bring extra beers for the wait!  Helpful tip:  If you and a date do go with a large group, get a separate check for the 2 of you - I think large, confusing checks tend to be a big part of the problem here.Great food at reasonable prices! 
Really, people, 3 stars??
However, it is no surprise that this section has gotten some of the douchiest reviews imaginable.  After all, South Philly is now festering with hipster douchery, and these people can't just experience a good thing and let it be.  Here are my retorts to a few of the negative comments I read here:
1) Yes, plantains are generally a garnish.  Especially when they're flash-fried or sauteed and not cooked slowly as to caramelize extensively, in which case they can serve as a sweeter side.
2) Jerking, like BBQing, softens bone (esp chicken bone) to the extent that the meat can be chopped with the bone after it is finished cooking.  Hence the bones in with the pieces of chicken.  If you can't figure out a way around them, well...Darwin.
3)  $15 is reasonable for half a chicken and a huge container of rice, especially in the middle of a major American city.
4)  Rice (and the beans and cabbage) served with jerk chicken is not in of itself meant to have a high flavor profile.  You put the (extremely) flavorful chicken on top.  The rice mellows out the dish.    A dish is the sum of its parts; stop critiquing every single component like you're some sort of expert (which you're not, probably on anything, and definitely not on the way cabbage should compliment starch and protein in Jamaican cuisine).  
5)  This is how its done in Jamaica.  If something did not turn out the way you expected, its because you were wrong .   You know who wasn't wrong?  The Jamaican cook who makes Jamaican food for a living.  What are the sheer odds of you being right?   Are you crazy?  
6)  Which brings me to my last point: Jamaican culture is on island time.  This is a fact, not a silly stereotype.  Jamaica is probably the only country the stereotypes surrounding which are all true.  Which is fine because they're all pretty cool stereotypes.  Ever see a Jamaican movie villain?  Its impossible.  So yes, the service might be a little slow when it gets slammed - as happens anywhere.   BYOB to pass the time, and just try to sit and enjoy yourself instead of knit-picking at every tiny little thing around you.  
PS  Maybe your server would approach your table faster if you didn't have a handlebar mustache and fedora on.  You're not allowed to make culinary critiques while looking like you work at a carnival.  Go back to the suburbs.  
Sorry, that's the rant of someone who worked in restaurants for 10 years, and who has also eaten some very good homemade Jamaican food.  
Bottom line is, the food is great.  Kudos to the Jerk Hut for maintaining authenticity and deliciousness.A great place to go and get some caribbean food or bbq in philly. They have tons of different jerk options and a range of meat and seafood to serve anyone's palate. Also a great choice of non-alcoholic drinks including some weird green stuff and some awesome fruit punch. Bring your own rum so that you can mix it in. Nice choice of side dishes too including plantains. If you go between May and September they have an outdoor patio area in the back that has live music.This is not a character assassination. The servers at the Jamaican Jerk Hut all seemed very lovely. But my first (and likely only) dining experience there was one of those that was tainted by the haze of mood-altering blood sugar levels from ridiculously long wait times which were compounded by loud and obnoxious clientele* that I think the management are letting ruin their establishment. 
In most cases any place is worth a second chance since I know there are always extenuating circumstances: their top server has mono, a shipment of Jerk seasoning is stuck on route 95, they had to physically go slaughter our dinners and the chickens were riled up from the flash mob on South St. But after reading past reviews apparently deplorable service has been the norm since they started riding the coattails of being in the film In Her Shoes. Additionally, even though the curry goat was pretty tasty two hours after I ordered it, I consider the pains I'm still having in my gut 8 hours later as punishment for not trusting my instincts and getting the hell out of there when we first arrived. The back of the house told us to check-in up front, the front told us to check-in out back, a reservation book inside had nothing written in it (funny, considering we all had a few to contribute by then.) All of this should have been a big warning sign.
*In hindsight I realize that the additional charges (listed below) mentioned on page 2 of the menu were most likely created to discourage college kids from coming in to take advantage of the BYOB and 'drinking under the radar' (made obvious by the overly drunk girl who needed help both walking to the bathroom and holding her hair back.) Not only does it ruin the experience for the grown ups who can hold their liquor but it's ineffective and unnerving, especially in a place that seats at least 50 people and has only one bathroom. It's also absurd for already overpriced food, less-than-stellar service, wait times, plastic cups, etc. Then they don't even honor their own fees since the only add-on we were charged was 4 $3 corkage fees, which didn't even add up to what we actually consumed!
- $12 minimum to sit on the patio, 
- 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more, 
- $4 entertainment fee on Fri and Sat nights and a 
- $4 corkage fee for each bottle of wine and six pack
Thank god I have generous Jamaican neighbors with a patio. I'll visit them the next time I want to eat jerk chicken and sit outside with my own alcohol.Overpriced!!!!! Horrible service, and shady business!!! They charge you an extra 10 dolars per person when u eat in. They also do not tell you this until its time to pay.
Their menu does not have prices on it because they make up their own prices which change frequently. Worst of all. They dont give you enough food. !!! Not reccomended. 
-center city nativeCool place. I love the gigantic enormous outside terrace with the Caribbean music. The atmosphere is really chill and relaxing. Makes me want to escape Philly and go to the islands! I wish they imported some sand to cover up all the rocks lol. The grassy area is nice.
As much as I love the atmosphere, the food was OK.  Was good, but not raving good.  I'm surprised Guy Fieri came here for DDD, I didn't think the food was good enough for that.  The collard greens were really salty.  The roti was good, kind of dry.  My friend had the jerk chicken, the rice and veggies were good, he really enjoyed the chicken, although it was a bit dry without the sauce (he got jerk sauce on the side because its very very spicy).  I love plantains, and they were just OK here.  Nothing special.
People complain a lot about the service here.  We actually had a really good waitress, she was totally chill, super nice, and helped me out a lot with the menu.  She came back several times to check on us.  Only slow part was getting our bill paid, but that's because the place was full by then and she had a dozen tables.  
Overall, I'd come back.  But not for the food. I'm come back w/ my BYOB for some Jamaican music and groovin entertainment!Inauthentic jamaican flavors. 
Visited today and ordered two of the simplest dishes served in almost every jamaican home (chicken soup and jerk wings). The soup was so overly salty, it was inedible, additionally, it was plated in a takeout container typically used for dry dishes like rice. 
The wings were dry, shriveled and hard like they sat around too long. Grand price for this sad excuse for jamaican food-$18+LivingSocial had offered a special for $30 meal at Jamaican Jerk Hut so decided to purchase a coupon and go for a try.  As I walked towards the restaurant (which actually is a size of a "hut"), i was hoping it would be one of those in the hole kind of restaurants where the outside isn't appealing but the food would be authentic and wonderful.  
As I sat in a fold up chair and in which seems to be a 90+ degree restaurant, the waiter came and told us what first timers should try and I was a fan of spices the jerk platters would be the top choice.
I scanned through the menu and wanted to order a nice cool drink (cool as a cucumber) and was told they didn't offer it in the winter time, then ordered the seafood ceviche and long and behold they didn't have it. So ended up going with jerk wings and a jerk wing platter as an entree. 
Service was mediocre: waiter was great and personable but service was definitely slow.
Jerk platter and wings were not spicy to my standards or even spicy at all. The entree felt like it was pre-made and refrigerated and then reheated.
Then the bill came: ATM wasn't working and Credit Card machine wasn't working so had to go to the Atm down the street to get cash. 
Overall: I would not go back to give it a 2nd try. Place was completely disorganized and menu's should be updated per season to allow patrons to have an accurate dining choices.Love, love, love it.
Oxtail, plantains, cabbage, patties, jerk chicken...I think I have tasted a good portion of the menu and everything was outstanding.
The service has always been excellent. 
We like the place so much we had our ceremony and reception in their garden. And what can I say: They were amazing to work with. Couldn't have asked for a better wedding. Friends and family still rave about the food, the music and the whole laid back atmosphere at our wedding.
Thank you, Jerk Hut!So I will embarrassingly admit that I heard of this place from that movie In Her Shoes. Turns out a lot of Philly natives aren't even aware it exists either! Looks exactly like any place with the word "hut" in it should from the front. Inside has a bit of a cheesy islandish decor in an extremely tight space. there is even a tiki hut where the register is and an old school boombox that places random music.  
We lucked out on a Sat night and didnt wait long for a table. There was one waiter so I can see how people may complain about slow service. Totally laid back guy wearing a beanie but surprisingly attentive and just a likeable person. 
We ordered the empanadas,BBQ chicken dish and of course the signature Jamaican Jerk Chicken. All was fantastic. As they forewarn you there the Jamaican Jerk is definitely VERY spicy! Most dishes are spicy but this one in particular. So if at all sensitive do not even contemplate ordering. Cornbread as mentioned was a bit dry I guess but actually was perfect for mediating all the spice!  Portions are very generous, especially for the price.  And of course one of the great things about many Philly restaurants, its BYOB! With bigger parties definitely make a reservation otherwise will have issues with seating. 
Will definitely be back, especially to check out this outdoor space when it reopens!I came here with a party of 9, we got seated in their outdoor patio section and started drinking from the case of beer we brought with us and with the pitchers of mixers they provided for us.
We waited and waited to get our food order taken, it was a Saturday night and since we were drinking it didn't bother us too much.  The alcohol ran out eventually and we still hadn't been asked what we wanted to order(about a hour and 45 minutes had passed since we sat down).
We decided to finally get up and leave since we were still hungry, one of us wanted to inform the waitstaff that we were leaving and was met with this response from a waiter,"hold on a sec, I'll be right with you..."
No thanks, since we had a much better meal in Chinatown that night...I do love the Jerk Hut, I have been going there for many years.  However, don't go if you don't have a lot of time, and your impatient and need a lot of attention.  I think they give you the TRUE Jamaican experience, complete with long waits between courses, etc.  But the food is amazing and in such a nice setting, why rush.  I don't like they do charge corking fees and I think an "entertainment" fee on Fri...I would go during the week.   But great authentic food, the best I have found in the local area.Well, I don't mean to be rude in any way. This place had a friendly server, fairly quick service, and lots of great outdoor seating if I'd wanted to sit there. I got a large jerk chicken platter, which was covered in a delicious, almost teriyaki-ish sauce and came with plantains (mmmmmm, plantains),
But in all honesty, I've become a regular customer at Gigi & Big R's, in University City or by 30th Street Station. If you've ever eaten there, you'll probably understand why I'm bringing them up. Their menu is very similar, but their meals are bigger, cheaper, and fall-off-the-bone tender. If you're on South Street and you have a craving for spicy food, Jamaican Jerk Hut will do - but I'd recommend you man up and take a walk to try the real deal.Jerk Chicken. Oxtail. What more in life do you want? I've been trying to find a decent Jamaican spot in Philly and I think I've found it. Rice and peas is delicious. Jerk chicken is a little too spicy, but a little spicy doesn't do any harm! However, patties isn't as good as other places.I experienced the Jamaican jerk hit the past Sunday for the first time and let me tell you. Amazing! 
I had the curry chicken which was absolutely delicious. The cabbage was just right and the rice and beans added the perfect flavor. We had the beef patties as an appetizer and they were great. The flakes were to die for. My favorite was the plantain that came with the meal.
The best part was that they were on groupon. I love s good deal.
The downside was that the restrooms were way in the back but it was no big deal.The food here was good, I had the escovitch fish and it was very tasty and spicy the way I like it. he cabbage was also very good. Also it is a BYOB which is always great in my book! The service was ok a little slow and the front dining area is very small and it took a while for a staff member to tell us there was a back room. Other than that I would return anytime.If you want to enjoy your Jerk Hut experience in the outdoor seating area, you should probably think of it less as a restaurant and more as an evening entertainment option. The food will take a minimum of an hour to arrive at the table. Once it arrives, the jerk chicken, curry goat and oxtail stew are all great, but you'll need more on tap than good food to make the experience worthwhile.
Everything will move slowly, but you will not be rushed out the door after you have finished your food. Eat a large, late lunch and plan to spend most of the evening sitting outside enjoying the atmosphere. If you expect a bit of chaos, you will be able to enjoy the charm.
Lastly, the Jerk Hut has been steadily adding new fees to the bill each summer. I am not a huge fan of an entertainment fee, but $5 dollars is less galling if you expect to linger outside for most of the evening.Oh. My. H**y. God. Worst service in the history of eating. Our party of four got there around 6:00 on a Friday and didn't leave until almost 9:00, and not because we were having so much fun that we didn't want to leave. It took almost 30 minutes to get someone to pay attention to us, and then after getting our orders, it was almost an hour before we got our food. The food was relative decent, good spicing on the chicken, but the outrageous price is not in line with the quality. It took 30 -40 minutes to get someone to drop, pick up and bring back the check. 
We watched one group of four place an order, and then get up to leave as their patience didn't hold. For the quality of food versus the price, I wish we had gotten up as well. 
Very, very disappointing. Nice enough wait staff, at least we didn't get attitude to go along with the neglect, but highly disorganized. The only thing that could get me to return is a massive renovation to expand the kitchen, or limit the amount of seating. You can't have seating for 100 people and a kitchen for 10.The food here is amazing! Try the Jamaican jerk platter with chicken, rice and beans, cabbage, and plantains. The only reason I don't give it five stars is because the inside seating is really forgettable. If you want to eat at the restaurant, only go in spring, summer, or fall when the outside area is open. On weekends, you can enjoy picnic tables and great Jamaican music live!Years ago this place was much different.. now you have all this bone in your platter, and the prices are ridiculous. I can definitely agree with people about the service... its terrible. The people roll their eyes, and don't hide at all they're anger that you even exist. I just go once in a extremely blue moon for take out bc they're curry isn't super spicy like some places.. the quality isn't as good as it used to be though. I'd say, save your money for elsewhere on South st.
Oh and the bathroom is around the block... how ridiculous! That should be illegal for a restaurant. I wash my hands before I eat, and i have to travel around the block and reenter the restaurant, by that time I'm contaminated again!!!No doubt that Jamaican Jerk Hut is too expensive for what it is, but I also got some of the best jerk chicken I've had here.
It's a dinky looking place on the inside with wobbly tables, kids screaming, and crappy TV on, yet they're charging $15 for a plate of jerk chicken with rice, two pieces of plantains, and a little slaw. Essentially the equivalent of a BBQ joint charging $15 for a pulled pork sandwich and fries, it just doesn't make sense.
That said, my chicken was moist, super spicy (exactly how I like my jerk chicken), and had me cleaning the bones by the end of my meal. Wish they were a bit more generous with the sides. BYOB is a nice perk to save a few bucks on drinks at least. 
We didn't have any issues with service, but we were also there for dinner on a Tuesday night, so it may have been less busy than usual.
Wouldn't go back unless I was really craving jerk, although I'd imagine I can probably find a better/cheaper place to hit the spot instead.BYOB! Needless to say. 
 Great Jamaican food, exotic island flavors.  I recommend the Jerk Wings, they were perhaps the best wings I have ever had. Nothing plain like Buffalo wings (though i like them, too). Cozy place for a casual date.The service here is terrible.  They charged us for a corking fee, but did not uncork our bottle of wine.  The dining room is small, but it took us over an hour to get our food.  I got the Jerk Chicken Breast and it was mediocre at best.  After we finished our meal, we waited another 30 mins before they brought us the bill.  They never removed a plate from the table after anyone was finished.  And they automatically charge a 20% gratuity fee for parties 6 or more.  What a joke.  I don't mind paying 20%, but at least give me some service.  This place is BYO so I guess they count on people getting really wasted before they eat the food.I've had food from here in the past and it was good, so I decided to give it another try. I ordered the jumbo shrimp meal to split with my boyfriend and the Jamaican soup for myself because I had a little cold & was looking for something to open me up. First thing I notice upon getting home and opening the food was the shrimp weren't jumbo they were medium sized shrimp. Other than that everything tasted good, the soup wasn't watery which was great. Will be back.What a mess.  This place's time is over.  
Micro wave is used constantly - we could hear it dinging non stop in the back
Forever to get even a drink -- about 40 minutes to get our food.
Prices partially scratched off the wall sized menu, different prices on to-go menu. So you don't know what it will cost
No change to give to customers.
Not sure if they have a bathroom.
The food was dried out, old and miserable.  We took a few bites and walked out on $46 worth of food.  
I would bet that the lady I saw on TV hasn't been there in awhile.
Went to McDonalds - It was betterTried Jamaican Jerkhuts food at the PHS pop up garden. Food took forever. It came from a take out window that was unattended most of the time.
Couldn't figure out the system, whether they would bring me my food or call me.
After waiting forever, another patron came to my table and said the Jamaican Jerkhut people had my food. I walked up and no one was there. I had to bother other people dining there to track down an employee to get my food.
For $17, I got a single skewer of tiny over cooked spiced shrimp and a big container of rice and cabbage with two tiny pieces of fried plantain.
The poor service already ruined my mood. The food just added insult to injury.
I don't think I'll ever dine there based on the meal I got tonight.Had dinner here, the servers we very nice and knowledgeable on the food. I think the problem is the kitchen, the food takes forever to come out, the food is all over the place on the plates and the fees they have are ridiculous.Also they were out of so many things.  its a BYOB place and they charge $3 PER bottle or 6 six pack and $3 per person for entertainment fee?!? If you come with a group of people the fees exceed the price of the meal total. Also last but not least I would NEVER bring my kids or the elderly here we could smell the WEED smoke coming from somewhere from the restaurant, yes I said WEED! SMH never have I ever!!!!! And this isnt the first time i came and i smelled it. Very Unprofessional! The place is just a dump! I wish I could give half a star.  Would not recommend anyone to go!So yeah, I am an LA girl who visits Philly and goes to a restaurant because it was used in filiming a movie... weird, I know.
So my friend Sacha who lives in Philly now says I get to choose the place for dinner and I choose this place b/c 1)I've never hard jerk chicken and 2)it was used in In Her Shoes which seemed like a cool thing to take back form my East Coast adventure.
You may ask what is Jerk Chicken??? Explanation from the woman at the counter/kictchen :: A combination of very spicy spices like cumin, three or four kinds of hot peppers and other special blends from Jamaica... the chefs actually use gloves when handling them so that their hands don't burn... now that's what I call spicy!!!
We had the jerk chicken, the mango chicken, and the BBQ chicekn, all excellent, but be warned they are all on the bone. Grean plantains and rice and beans too!
Oh they get the full five stars because I'm in a good mood and they had outside dining are which they have moveis playign ona  white wall and live music, can you ask for anything more on south street ... wait you want goat.. they have that too :)I'm not that familiar with Jamaican food so naturally I went the jerk chicken platter. It was absolutely delicious. I cleared my plate. I like that the place is BYO, has good food, and a nice outdoor seating area but....
The service was horrendous. When my roomate and I walked in, the girl behind the counter acted as if she hadn't seen us. When I asked if we seat ourselves, another customer informed me that you do. So, we moved to the outdoor and sat ourselves at a table that looked clean enough. 20 minutes later, as we were about to get up and leave a waiter ( I think the only waiter) came over to greet us . Because I was determined to give this place a chance we stayed. It took about 45 minutes for our food to come out and there were only 2 other tables seated. When our check came, we were shocked at the corking fee, but we were ready to leave.
As I said, the food was absolutely delicious but because of the service, 
I don't know that I'll be back.I had my first Jamaican Jerk Hut experience while enjoying the PHS pop up garden on a Thursday around 6pm. After seeing it featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives (odd that's what they picked to feature in Philly) we got excited to try it.
We ordered from the window connected to the garden.  Dining Partner ordered the jerk chicken wings, and I ordered the chicken leg platter with rice, plantains, and cabbage and a side of cornbread to share. It was expensive! $26 and we waited almost 25 minutes standing at the window for our food. There didn't seem to be a register in the back so every time someone gave the woman payment, she disappeared for a bit to bring back change. It seemed very inefficient. The chicken was very juicy and had quite a kick to it. Overall though, it was nothing special and not filling. Won't be back for more.I took my husband and 7 of our friends here last weekend for my husband's birthday. The service was great, our server Ashley was so accommodating and nice. The live music on the weekends is a great touch, and while you feel like you're in Philadelphia, you kind of feel like you've been taken to the caribbean for just a few hours. The food was delicious, their plantains were the best ever. And when it started to rain on our outside dinner celebration, Ashley and the rest of the staff without flinching set up a table for us inside in the veranda, and we were still able to enjoy the outside music. It was a group consensus that we all can't wait to go back!My partner and I were overall fans of the Jamaican Jerk Hut. Small, quaint place with a long wait - but definitely worth it if you're into some spicy, unique food. Definitely beware that when they say spicy - it means SPICY! I usually like hot wings, but they were over the top a bit for me. My partner loved the heat, though (even though he was sweating from it).
The coconut shrimp is delicious - well battered, tasty, crisp, with sweet coconut milk.
Also loved their chicken soup.
The wings were SUPER spicy, couldn't get through them, but my boyfriend loved it. The flavor beneath the heat was divine. 
The quarter jerk chicken was also good - but we definitely should have gotten the sauce on the side. The wings were hot enough, so we couldn't get through the chicken.
We loved it here, but I actually don't think we'll be going back. It seemed like after you tried a few things, the flavors meshed together, and weren't quite as unique as they first seemed. A good find in the city, especially if you like to try different food - but not necessarily my go-to place. I was expecting a bit more, but was still pleased!Carry out order was ready right on time. There were both large bones and shards in the chicken roti ($13), although I was previously told it was boneless when I asked... Good portion size and tender meat so otherwise tasty, but that just would have been nice to know up front. Fried plantains ($4) were a very small serving and only 1-2 of the pieces appeared to have been properly fried. Overall satisfied my roti craving but overpriced for what I got, so will likely explore other options before returning.I am a huge fan of caribbean food, so I was excited to try this place. The jerk chicken was pleasantly spicy; however, the star of the show was definitely the peas and rice. We tried one of each type of patty and they were all great, though the vegetable and beef stood out for me. They even deliver (and quickly) which is great. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other things on the menu.Yeah, this hut has great outdoor space. Probably it's only saving grace. I make better jerk chicken and peas and rice. And I'm BAHAMIAN. (if I said "white" it probably would be more emphatic. but, still. just sayin')
Whole foods has better cornbread. And they're WHOLE FOODS. 
The only reason why this place doesn't get one star is because I enjoyed watching my mom dunk her shrimp in her water glass because it was too spicy. And the waitress didn't even flinch. Love it!It took 2.5 hours for all of our food to come out, and my friend found a BULLET in her meal.  Do I need to say anything else?I used to frequent this place and the food was delicious. Tonight while at the theater, I went there and ordered brown stew chicken. It was horrible. THe gravy was bland and thick. The cabbage tasted like paper and the plantains were dry and pasty. THey must have changed chefs or owners. Definitely not the cuisine of the past. The only good thing was that the staff were pleasant. I will not return.I have actually not had their food but I have experienced their customer service over the phone and it was NOT good
I called them to place a large delivery order and I was DENIED because I lived two blocks away from their "DELIVERY ZONE" despite them stating that they deliver to my area (Rittenhouse sq) and the person taking my order was very RUDE about it
WE'LL SEE HOW LONG THEY STAY IN BUSINESSGreat unpretentious place. Ordered the curry chicken, roti and Mango Juice to wash it all down. I'm normally not a cabbage guy but I ate all of the cabbage on my plate. Everything tasted fresh and well seasoned.We went on a Monday, so no crayons, w/butcher paper, no lights in the backyard.  But it wasn't crowded and we got our food quickly.
Our server recommended the coconut shrimp, and I'm so glad we took his recommendation.  They were fresh and delicious.  The shrimp are delivered fresh every day and prepared on-site.  No frozen coconut shrimp here!
We ordered homemade ginger brew, which was thick and pulpy with fresh ginger.  It was quite strong and spicy--not for the faint of heart.  If you can't handle a lot of ginger, stick to the bottled ginger soda.
For dinner, I got the escovish fish filet.  It too was hot, peppery, and strong with vinegar.  I hiccuped for a while after the first bite (spicy food does that to me), but it was great.  I've has escoveitched fish before, but this was not as wet.  Just different.  The side dishes of Jamaican cabbage and rice & peas were so good!  Coconut milk in the rice makes all the difference, I think.
My friend got the jerk chicken (dark meat) which was also delicious.  There was a lot of meat on that plate for a leg and thigh combo!  The sauce was thick and tasty, sweet but spicy.
We also shared some 'greens, greens, greens,' and I'm glad we did.  Collards, spinach, and calaloo with coconut milk is a combination made in heaven.  
By the time we finished (yes, we ate it ALL) our generous portions of dinner, we had no room for dessert.  Our server told us they bring the desserts in from Jamaica.  They had lemon cake, rum cake, chocolate cake, and more.  Next time I'll remember to bring half of my food home and save room for dessert.OK... not sure what all the negative reviews are about, but I like Jerk Hut.  Their food is your typical Jamaican cuisine.... I like their jerk chicken or jerk shrimp platters with cabbage and plantains, but the steamed fish is my absolute favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Also, love the Dunns River wings.
And of course, you have to have TING when you eat here!!!!!!!!!!!  Yum. I think I'll eat here this weekend.Service is so slow.  I can forgive when its a busy night, but we were literally the only people there!
I was told, as our server was handing out dishes to everyone else at the table, that they were out of what I had ordered.  Which by the way, was over an hour ago.  My food then came out 3 minutes later.  That to me means microwaved food.  Yum.
The food is generally bland and over priced.
We were asked if we wanted dessert.  Once our server finally came back we tried to order, but were told the kitchen was closed.Well I guess I learned my lesson for not reading yelp before stopping here.  What pulled us in what the nice open lawn/outdoor seating area, and the fact that Pico di Gallo up the street is closed due to "maintenance issues".  Let's just say previous reviews of "laid back" atmosphere don't quite describe a 90+ minute meal (wait) for two basic entrees.  This place took feeling ignored to a while new level (in fact, we saw at least one couple get up and leave after waiting for a menu they never even got).  Once the food finally arrived it was so so, mine was ok, his was so filled with gristle he couldn't finish.  We didn't complain, just cut our losses and got out of there.  It's sad because it's a great space.Jamaican Jerk Hut definitely deserves more than 2.5 stars. Sure, the service was slow (and apparently always slow), but the friendly staff kept us updated as we waited for our table & food despite how crazy busy they were. I had the jerk chicken thigh platter, my friends had the oxtail stew and curry goat, and we all shared 2 orders of the chicken patties. Everything was delicious. I especially love the spicy sauce that comes with the jerk chicken. It's slightly sweet and extremely hot, so make sure you get it on the side if you're not sure whether you can handle it. Bring good company, a couple six packs, and hang out in the courtyard while you wait for an available table. Don't go too hungry or if you have somewhere to be after your meal. Do go if you have patience & love good food!I did not eat at the Jamaican Jerk Hut so this post has nothing to do with the food, although it looked decent.  
I came here for a small going away party for my friend.  The place is a BYOB so my friend purchased a keg and paid a $50 corkage fee to allow us to drink at his expense.  I think they have a reasonably small corkage fee for wine/6packs/etc. and while $50 seemed semi steep I guess its not too bad to bring a whole keg to a restaurant.  
Clearly this is a summer time place with 90% of the seating being outside and a large grass area for hanging out, people were passing a soccer ball back and forth while we were there.  The outdoor space is simply amazing and unmatched by anywhere in the city.  It's so amazing in fact that  I don't understand how this place even exists since the piece of property has got to be worth millions.  
While we hung out on a perfect night a reasonably decent reggae band played which only added to the awesome outdoor space and the summer vibe.  
Several of my friends got food and it looked surprisingly good.  I will definitely return on a nice night for some byo beers and some grub.  
One weird thing I thought was for a short while I thought this place was owned by Guy Fieri.  The restaurant I think was once visited by the restaurant reviewer on one of his TV shows.  They obviously took great pride in this and put Guy's face on the back of their servers t-shirts.  I just thought it was weird that the place was so proud that some dude happened to come to their restaurant. 
Overall a good place, with a great outdoor space, and a fun vibe.  I'll be back.I went here with a friend on a living social deal.  Needless to say I will never come back.  The food was not even authentic west indie food (I know because my family is from Trinidad).  The curry chicken was too Americanized and lacked the flavor and spice that authentic west Indie curry has.  My friend had the jerk chicken and the chicken was spicy but lacked flavor.  
Wont be back, even with a deal.A young lady from Jamaica opened up a small struggling restaurant in south philly about 22 years ago.  Her name was Nicola and she was my friend-  her jerk chicken was FIRE.  It was Hella good.  It was the first time I ate Jamaican food.  I took my husband here for one of our first dates.  There used to be Bob Marley music playing in the background,  it was a magical place.  Over the years I came back often.  Then it changed drastically.  The platters got smaller and the prices got bigger,  food quality suffered.  Yesterday I paid $30.00 for 2 jerk platters-  it was a dry boneless skinless chicken breast a cup of rice and about 2tb of cabbage.  It was terrible.  So disappointing.  I won't be coming back.ya man welcome to jamaica. i have been here twice and both times the food was great. the place kinda looks shabby but the food is great. so if your going for looks then its not the place to go, but if your like me and there for good jamaican jerk chicken and caloulou then its the place to go, hey the price is good too.Jerk chicken is always good just enough spice!! Love the cabbage & beans & rice too one of my favs whenever I'm in the city!First let me state that I am from the islands, so I have a certain standard that has to be met.
I went to Jamaican Jerk Hut and had a goat roti.  I thought it was OK.  The roti was a little on the dry side, so the dahl puri was falling out of it.  The curry goat had a little too much potato and not enough of a kick to the curry.  If I need another fix, and can't wait to get to Brooklyn, I will go back.  I wanted to try the meat patties, but they were out.
Service was not bad.  He wasn't the most attentive, but he did his job.  I find that it served as a quick fix.Of course most people only know this place from the movie In Her Shoes. If you are one of those people, you may be surprised that the backyard is not, in fact, a summer wedding paradise, but you will not be dissapointed with the food.
I recommend going when it is warm. My friend took me there in June so we could sit outside and it was like being on a little vacation from the city. The backyard has a lit path that leads to an outdoor hut-esce eating ground. 
Things you NEED to order: some sort of fresh tropical fruit juice, their beef patties appetizer (although a bit spicy) and DO NOT GO unless you plan to order the BBQ meal. 
Don't Miss: Outdoor movies nights. 
Want Jerk Hut's Jamaican food in the winter months? They deliver!!As authentic as  you can find in philly jamaican fare. This is not for the faint of heart the jerk here is serious spice. No liquor license but that is ok there are plenty of great places to drink on south street. I have had the whole menu i have never been disappointed.The jerk chicken was fabulous.   The other food items where good, but you come here for the jerk.  They have their own version of their jerk seasoning, which is a nice change.   Service and seating is rudimentary (just like Jamaica), but you're not there for the seating.Go for the food, which is okay. And because it is BYOB. Otherwise the place is just downright depressing. I sat on the verandah area getting mauled by bugs and wondering why oh why does the owner not think of hiring an interior decorator. I GET that they are going for the authentic feel, like you are sitting on a beach listening to reggae music and eating yummy food, but it feels dingy. Like I said though, the food is okay. Oxtail was pretty delish. My friend found her jerk chicken fair. I would not recommend this for anything but a hungry person with a craving for the specific type of food they serve.I received food that clearly had soap or some sort of cleaner mixed in it (ordered from GrubHub). I called repeatedly throughout the day (3xs) asking for someone to address this issue, leaving my phone number, name and a complaint. I was told that the manager would call me. After waiting all day I called again and was told the manager left and that I would just need to "catch her" when she gets back. Totally unacceptable and disgusting. Thankfully GrubHub is understandable and working with me to get a refund.Ignoring all previous reviews a coworker of mine recommended the food here even though he said they were a little rude but anyway I decided to give them a try and order when my huge Caribbean family came in from NY and we don't have many options for carribean cuisine in Philly as we do in NY... Before I could even order I called in to ask about online ordering... Long story short it's not worth it to me.. The staff or whoever is answering the phone for that matter is extremely rude and unaccomadating so I would never therefore afterwards, experiencing the way they speak to customers, give them my hard earned money.. We didn't want to go out to eat but we will be headed To reefs lounge were they treat their customers respectfully.
BTW + in my household we order food pretty much everyday between my husband and my work schedule and of course we don't always have a wonderful experience but I've never signed up for yelp to leave a review given the issues We've had . I came on here to specifically leave this review. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyoneI really wanted to like this place.  It's the perfect mix for a cool chill restaurant: outdoors, live island music, Jamaican food and BYOB.  In fact, I love that that they're winning the battle again the Symphony House's noise complaints.
What I found instead was a BYOD that charges a corkage fee, has nearly non-existent service and phenomenal food poisoning the morning after.  
After not getting wine glasses for 20 minutes and having my waiter promise a couple times that someone would be by with glasses, I went inside to get my own glasses.  I can't think of a better reason to have a corkage fee than to have customers retrieve their own glasses.  I should have gathered my group and left after the scene I saw in the kitchen.  The majority of servers were hanging around the kitchen eating plates of food, talking and generally seemed to be hiding from customers.  
Our glasses eventually came, as did the food.  Silverware came along a little later.  I wish the silverware never arrived.  The food was epically bad.  The goat roti was filled with meat still attached to bone pieces.  The same goes for the jerk chicken.  How lazy do you have to be to not butcher the bones out of  goat?
The whole experience was a little comical and and very gross but nothing compared to the amazing gift of food poisoning I had the next morning.  
It is such a shame because, with a little effort,  the restaurant could be a really cool special place to enjoy good food and music in the open air.I feel very foolish for returning to the "Hut" for yet another disappointing dinner.  I like to try a place at least twice before I completely write them off.  This establishment tricked me three times.  The first visit was for takeout jerk chicken that was actually semi frozen in the center, though cooked through.  It had obviously been reheated perhaps from the day before.  The second was a Sunday where we waited for over an hour for our appetizers of overly dressed BQ wings, soggy coconut shrimp, and an incompetent server.  Entrees followed 30 min. later with bony chicken, hard, not-so-sweet-plaintains and tasteless rice.   On our third visit, we went Labor day nite, after a great weekend at the beach. We enjoyed the music, but again waited for an hour for our appetizers.  There were three servers running around like chickens with their heads cut off, inefficient to say the least.  They were working too hard for the 30 guests or so in the outside area.  Appetizers arrived of ceviche(almost completely devoid of seafood), soggy wings.  Sir may we have some forks at the very least??  Napkins...please?  Jerk chicken for dinner was just as disappointing as the other visits, lukewarm, very bony.  The Hut chops up the chicken, bone and all, which causes the multiple bone fragments.  I was seriously afraid of chomping/swallowing the splintery bones.  We paid, after we finally were able to chase down our server, and left without finishing our meals.  The server tried really hard to take care of everyone, but just didnt have the forethought to bring what was needed from the kitchen and save himself a trip before food is served.  I attribute this to lack of experience and planning.  Why not have utensils/napkins/water pitchers OUTSIDE where the guests are?  I LOVE jerk chicken, and this is a far cry from what I have sampled in the Islands.  We love the IDEA of the Jerk Hut,outside,live music,casual setting, bucket of beers shared with friends, but the food really is terrible, and overpriced for what it is,  and the service needs some serious work.I had such a good memory of that place... and yes, I'm giving it 2-stars for the outdoor patio and the band (although they're charging $3.00/head for "entertainment") and the general fun atmosphere...
But the rest... Seriously? We had a reservation for 10 people and the place was decently busy, but not to a craze... I've never experienced anything like that... We ordered a bunch a of appetizers to share, some bread and entrees for each one of us.
Some appetizers came first (about an hour or so later) as well as 2 of the entrees, then (about another 1/2 hour later, when the first 2 people had finished their entrees) came a few more appetizers, and a few more entrees (but not all of them)... about over 2-hours into the meal, we decided to cancel the missing entrees... and that's when they brought the bread! Oh, and did I mention that we had to fight the check for items that were charged and never brought to the table...
The waitress was nice, but totally clueless and ended-up dropping some jerk sauce all over my friend, with barely an apology.
As for the food... It was merely ok. Nothing to rave about.
One of the worst restaurant experience ever... And it's such a shame, because with a little bit of common sense, and restaurant management skills, this place could be a jewel.**Disclaimer** I haven't actually been to the Jerk Hut for a number of years, but this was my absolute favorite restaurant when I was living in Philadelphia.  Nice to know it's still open some 10 years after I moved out of Philly.  For me the jerk chicken was the best thing going, followed by their "festival" and then the fresh juices.  I was a poor student at the time, but I always managed to scrounge up the $$ to treat myself at the Jerk Hut.  Back when I was a regular, the menu was pretty simple and I think that simplicity held the charm for me.  Later I recall the expansion of the patio in the back and added selections to the menu.  And I remember being really happy to see the place growing because by this point I had become friendly with the owner and her family.   However sometimes expansion can be a bad thing especially *too much* expansion.  So I am and I am not surprised to read the negative reviews.  Hopefully they get things right soon.Extremely disappointed in this place! Jamaican Jerk Hut use to be one of thee best Jamaican spots in Center City. However the quality of the food and service has changed drastically. My food seemed as if it was 3 days old and microwaved. The plantains weren't even soft because they were obviously old. I eventually threw the entire platter away, because it was so disgusting. For the price of their platters I would not recommend. I don't see this place lasting very long if they keep this service up.We are locals and went there to fix a jerk chicken craving.  We've had better jerk and never at those prices.  They charged $12 for my husband's quarter chicken platter.  He got one slice of a plantain, with rice and cabbage.  It was a "slice" of a fricken banana - not even a serving slice scored lengthwise but less than a quarter inch garnish slice.  For my half chicken platter, they charged $19 and I got two slices of the toothpick plantain, with rice and cabbage.  A $7 price difference for a couple of extra chicken "pieces" filled with bones and another wheeny plantain slice... It wasn't worth telling the waitress she'd messed up my order to begin with.  Add to that one soft drink and a $9 coconut shrimp appetizer that showed seven shrimp on the menu but was served as five, and a side of extra plantains.  $45 for two before tip for a hut-style meal that was average.More like 3.5 stars.
I've always wanted to go to the Jerk Hut in the summer and sit outside and listen to reggae, but it turns out, I ended up going on a cold November night and sat inside.  The inside is pretty small and crowded on a Saturday night.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  Luckily we had some sort of Groupon or Living Social discount because the prices seemed a bit high for the type of food and restaurant.  
I got the pumpkin soup which was pretty good.  It was definitely homemade with chunks of pumpkins and other vegetables.  I felt like it was very healthy.  After that I got the curry potato roti.  I have had many rotis in the past, and in comparison, this one was VERY dry on the inside and the filling was not as spicy or flavorful as I would have liked.  I could only eat about 1/3rd of it and didn't want to take the rest home.  As much as I hate the service in the Mini Trini food truck, I much prefer their Caribbean food - it's 5 stars.  
I will probably come back here in the summer for the outside atmosphere and music.  
If you have a vegetarian in your life, the Jerk Hut has many options.This would be a 3.5 for me.  I want so badly to love this place but the food is average, so very average.  The flavor profile is...bland.  I got the fried papaya dish which I was told was going to come with a spicy sauce.  The level of spice was 0 on a scale of 1 to 10.
Go here because its unique and the outside is great and the food isn't terrible.  But unfortunately its nothing more than that.I went to jamaica in january so last week i decided to check out the jerk hut to recreate my adventures there. I phoned in an order for jerk chicken and a cohort ordered curry chicken. 
Both were delicious. The jerk was better than most i had in jamaica  and it brought me back (it's a shame the Red Stripe isn't as fresh in PA). The chicken was cooked just right and had just the right amount of sweetness and spice. 
My only complaint is that i could have gone for more cabbage in my platter, but i can understand them wanting to get me to buy a side order. i can't fault them for trying to make more $. 
Also, i don't know if they still have it but when i went there a few years ago they had real heavy duty homemade ginger beer. i totally recommend this! it's like nothing i've had before or since.I took my husband here and was very excited to try the Jerk Chicken. I love spice food and it was very spicy. I was burping Jerk Chicken for days. The boys got it mild and over all we enjoyed our meal. I just think it was way over priced and the staff was blah. Actively looking for another Jamaican spot.I would like to give them 3.5 stars, but I'll round it up to 4.  I've wanted to go here for a long time, but just never made it.  
I went on a Wednesday night, and it was empty.  I guess its probably more of a take out place during the week, but it was nice out and I wanted to sit outside.  The waitress promptly offered ice water and a corkscrew for the wine I brought.  
We ordered a chicken patty, beef patty, and both got the jerk chicken breast.  The patties were really good, and much bigger than I thought they would be. They were pretty promptly wrapped up to eat another day.  The chicken platters were pretty large.  I appreciated the quality of the chicken, lots of white meat, not a lot of mystery parts.
I'm not a jerk spice expert, but I have had it in Jamaica and other areas of the Caribbean.  I think this was a little spicier than I typically have had it, but it wasn't too spicy.  I think there could have been a little more sweetness, but I was pleasantly surprised by the flavor as this place gets pretty middling reviews.  The rice was good too, and I love the plantains.  I think we probably had half a plantain each.  Next time I would probably order a couple really well done ones on the side.  The only thing I didn't like was the cabbage.  I think a cold salad would be better given the heat of the chicken.  
The service was fine.  We got there around 7:30, and left at 9.  I did not feel like we were waiting a long time for the food, and our waitress occasionally stopped by to see if we needed anything.  
I definitely plan on returning on the weekend to check out the live music, and I'll probably be back for take out.We went for dinner at 9:00 on a Friday night and didn't leave until 11:30. Service, in the (dark) backyard, was painfully slow.  The stray cats were sharking around our table, unknowing that we didn't have anything to eat.  Fortunately, we took advantage of the BYO policy and made a little concoction of rum and their tasty juices.
Food, when it finally arrived an hour+ later, was good, not great.  The rice and plantains were delish.  
I'd return on a warmer night, earlier in the evening,  or for takeout.Showed up here with a friend at 5:45 (fairly early in the evening, no?) only to be told that there was no jerk chicken left.  Or jerk anything-else for that matter.  We placed our order and proceeded to sit for 50 minutes waiting for our food.  No one ever stopped by the table, offered to take a drink order or drop a glass of water in front of us.  When the food finally showed up we sent it back immediately to get it 'to go' as we had 10 minutes to get to sound-check.  Only reason I'm not giving it one star is that the food, when finally consumed, was pretty good (a stew with goat and lamb, if I remember correctly).I don't understand why this place gets such great reviews. If I were to review the smell alone as you walk by I would have to give it five stars. After moving to Philly and walking by it on several occasions I really looked forward to eating there.
Unfortunately that is where the good things i have to say about it end. I ordered a jerk chicken plate and a fanta which I figured had to be safe. It came to just under $20!!! for chicken. On top of that it was awful. So over-cooked and dry it was almost inedible.I saw this place on Triple D so I always wanted to try it out. Despite the low reviews, I still have it a try. It's a small restaurant with cute decoration inside. The tables are kinda cheap looking but I didn't care much since I ordered to take out. The menu is a bit confusing and somewhat messy. I ordered the beef patty and Jerk chicken quarter platter that comes with rice & beans, cabbage, and plantains. The patty was recommended but it was dry and the dough was thick with little stuffing. So I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THE PATTY. On the other hand, the chicken was tender and well seasoned. It tasted great with the sides and the sauce. The sauce was a bit spicy but it worked so well with the chicken. I would love to come back for more chicken when I come back to Philly.Came here several months ago on a Saturday for another restaurant in the area, but was attracted to the live music in the grassy area. Decided to eat at this place to enjoy the outdoor live music, even though it was a chilly night.
First time eating jerk and loved that they had a number of options on their menu. Amount of food in the portion size was just right. Food was decent and a new flavor and experience for me. Juice was one of the best part of the meal, I think--absolutely fresh and real. 
Service was friendly and fast. Wasn't the cheapest place, even though everything felt like the neigborhood cheap eats for university student. Atmosphere was definitely more casual than what you paid for in food.
Live music was great. The atmosphere really was alive because of it. I only wished that we were warned that the band had only 30 minutes left of their gig. Advice is to come earlier and try to make it for the outdoor live music. I think there was a small cover for BYOB, so I think I'll do that next time and enjoy the music of the talented band.Yeah, um, this place is not good.  It smells phenomenal and it definately gets you salivating, but it just lets you down in the end.  
I knew I should've worried when there were no prices featured on their menu board, but I ordered away.  I got a large stew of some sort (vegetarian) and a Jamaican grapefruit soda.  It cost almost $20.
The stew came with coconut seasoned rice and the flavor was passable, but the portion was not nearly large enough to justify the cost.  And although the food was decent it was far from anything special and not something I couldn't make at home given the opportunity to take some root vegetables and some squash and cook the shit out of them until they're as mushy as baby food and throw them over some rice and beans cooked with coconut milk.  
Save your money.My favorite part of my dinner was definetely the home made mango juice. It was so delicious and fresh. The food was good, nice size portion. I bought a Groupon for $19 for $30 worth of foodWe were in Jamaica a yr ago so have a little idea of good jerk, this was top notch jerk!
Very simple setup but the spicy chicken made up for that.I tried to love this place but their vegetarian dishes are TERRIBLE. I've tried the ital stew and the spinach and groundnut stew so far. They are both incredibly bland. The veggies in the ital stew were mushy and overdone.  When I told the waitress that the ital stew was bland, she said that it was because it's vegetarian. *pause* what? I've had plenty of vegetarian Jamaican food that was flavorful. Avoid this place if you're looking for vegetarian dishes and walk down to Caribbean Delight. They do a much better job.As a lover of "In Her Shoes" I had to try this place out. Friends of mine invited us to meet them there for dinner, I don't like "jerk" so I was reluctant to go, but then I remembered the delicious patties we had in Jamaica and we headed over.
We forgot to BYO so there was a 6 pack to split between the 4 of us. Not well planned.
The service was less then mediocre, but the food was delicious!
We ordered the patties, and although  they weren't as good as Jamaica they sure beat the hell out of the store bought poisonous frozen ones. 
The Dunns BBQ Chicken was finger lickin' good, albeit a little too much bbq sauce, but mmmmmmmmmmM!
My friend ordered the Ox Tail Stew, which was my second choice. The gooey deliciousness fell off the bone and made me wish I got that.
A "d" rated movie was playing in the background, the grassy area made it more authentic rather then a slab on concrete.
I would go back in a minute for those aforementioned items, but this time with some margaritas!I wish Jamaican Jerk Hut evoked images of kids chasing fireflies with mason jars and friends laughing and clinking beers. After all, they have giant yard with picnic tables and lawn chairs, a homemade stage that features Caribbean bands, and a BYOB policy that helps create the ideal setting for a backyard BBQ. It could easily assume a G Love vibe, but my friend, this place falls way short.
Meredith's review is exactly on point. After the astounding "corkage and entertainment fees," which can get up to $20, you're fighting other tables to win the server's attention and before you know it, everyone's throwing food, flipping tables, and trashing the stage (joke). What I'm trying to say is, there's a lot of wait and trouble for food that's blandness personified. 
Points for concept, not for execution.I went here with my mother,  a native Jamaican. She ordered fish, the snapper I believe. I ordered the jerk chicken, my favorite food on the planet. Her fish came out completely dried out. They didn't have any more fish (???) so they brought her curry chicken.  It was also dry and flavorless. She was very disappointed.  The jerk chicken was fine. Pretty spicy and not too dry. The rice could have been a little softer. Overall, it was an okay meal. Nothing special. Not worth a return visit when there are food carts that are much better.I should state that my stomach has always been considered weak.  I've been getting better with my exploration of food and culture.  With that said, Jamaican food is spicy.  My mouth was on fire.  Fortunately, the restaurant is BYOB so I was able to down a lot of wine with my meal.
The atmosphere is not my style of a restaurant.  It had a stage with an i-Pod playing music.  Luckily, the restaurant had a setup outside and the weather was nice as the inside of this place was disgusting looking.
And, for those of you who enjoy the partaking of illegal activities that are stereotypical of Jamaican people, you are in luck.  At least on that night, I was able to enjoy secondhand smoke from it.This place is lacklustre, ashamed, had high hopes for it, especially when it was in the movie, In her shoes! 
Went with a friend avid Jamaican cuisine connoisseur, like I. Wow..were we disappointed or what? Took 35-40 minutes for the food to come out, mix up in ordering Are you kidding me, you had to go up to window order, no one one came out to the dingy , very small store front, patio area wasn't open, since it was winter time. Wow, I got jerk chicken, he got ox tail meal, It wasn't cooked long enough, the ox -tail was hard, not falling off bone, seasoning was just Ehh..ok..my Jerk chicken was dry..seasoning OK, Hell, I make better jerk chicken at home then they do and their prices are not reasonable, high for dingy , small place, but I guess the hype from being in movie, not too many Jamaican restaurant s around. Just so sad, very disappointed. After hearing about corkage fee, etc, Wow-where do they come up with this stuff. Ridiculous!!!??I didn't see any basis for complaint.  The jerked chicken dinner with rice, cabbage and plantain was delicious.  The saltfish fritter appetizer was very good.  The freshly made corn bread was excellent.  The portions were more than ample and the service was all you could hope for.Word to the wise, don't come here... We reserved a reservation for 15 3 weeks ahead of time and got there and there was, first off, No air conditioning, it was 99 degrees out...Food was great. The jerk chicken platters are amazing. It was a small spot but there is a spring garden next to it where you can sit and eat if you would like. The wings were really good as well.Don't let the location or the exterior appearance fool you. There is Jerk goodness being served here. I stopped in for lunch before leaving town and I was glad I did. The good- Jerk Chicken was fabulous, portion size was adequate and price was reasonable. The bad- there was standing water under one of the tables where I tried to sit. Next table almost fell over when I put the weight of my elbows on the table. The awesome- waitress named Crystal was beautiful and very pleasant. This place would have earned 4 stars if the location and decor had been better.Good Jamaican food.  Lived in Jamaica for 2+ years and this is close to what would get there.  Great outside space during the summer.I visited this location and we were the only people eating in, the food was absolutely delicious, i was a bit disappointed that you didn't have a choice of what you had as a side with the plates . It's default rice and peas with cabbage. I think they should give the option being as though the price is a bit more expensive then my local Jamaican spots which are just as good. But the curry goat was definitely tender and flavorful. The cabbage was made great , not too cooked down , just right . The only think I can say is that the waitress could've been a bit more up beat since we were the only people in the place. That's why I have put only 3 stars . I would maybe gone back , but for take out only .I have two pieces of advice when it comes to the Jamaican Jerk Hut: 
1. Do not come with people who are starving and grumpy. They will become a huge annoyance to you and everyone else in your party if you come here.
 The thing about JJH is that the service is slooowww. It's no secret. You will be here for a very, very long time. You will feel ignored. You will be on the verge of tears by the time you order.  Bring a snack. Or eat before you come and then by the time your food has actually arrived you won't be tearing out your hair in hunger and confusion. Trust me, I've been there. 
2. Expect to spend a lot more money than you think. 
When I first walked by this place I thought it would be a great spot to host the birthday dinner of one of my friends. We could sit outside, listen to free live music and eat some good, cheap Jamaican food. The only true thing about that previous statement was the eating al fresco. Because there was music we had to pay an entertainment fee even though the band played for a very small portion of the time we were there (which was a pretty long time). There's also a corkage fee if you bring your own alcohol. Uhh...what? And the food...it ain't cheap. It was good though. I got the classic chicken curry and it was seriously phenomenal. And there was some spicy salad my friend ordered and that was bangin, too.
I wish I had known these things before I went, I would have enjoyed my time there soo much more. I'll probably go again but I definitely will eat something beforehand.Was a waste of time and money. They are one of the worst Jamaican food I ever had other than Jamaica Ds. I don't understand why they have awards for this place. Maybe they use to be good. I order oxtail, jerk shrimp,Mac and cheese, and jerk chicken. The oxtail were very hard and the flavor was bad it probably was old the sauce was not fresh and it was sleep up on the plate. The plantains was the worst I had in my entire life it was not sweet it was hard and over cooked like they didn't use a ripened plantain. The jerk chicken tasted old the jerk sauce was pure pepper. It's nothing wrong with spice but damn they over did it. The Mac and cheese was so so nasty. First of all it was like they used the cheap blue box of Mac and cheese and than it must have been old because the noodles were all broken up like it was giving trouble coming out the pot. I even saw the lady scraping up something when the curtain blocking the kitchen from the counter was drawn away for a brief moment. My daughter did not even want it after she had her first taste. I wish I didn't eat I already had a bad feeling about it when I saw it. The jerk shrimp was not jumbo as stated and it was just drowning in jerk sauce that was overly spicy and they were very small like they were over cooked or just very small shrimp on white bread. We needed a lot of water and overall I think we had left overs and or maybe they just had a bad cook. I will never return to this place.The food is good but far more bland than it should be, and the prices are higher than you'd expect.  Don't waste your time eating in; takeout diners get FAR better and faster service than those who choose to dine on site and be ignored by the waitstaff.  We waited almost two hours for our Jerk Chicken, and it was very clear that the kitchen was giving first priority to those waiting for takeout.  We asked for more tortilla chips to tide us over, and were told we'd have to pay extra for them.  Not worth the hassle, and we won't be back.This is the best Jamaican food I've ever eaten in my life! I'm pullin up everytime I'm in philly from now on! The jerk wings alone should get an award! I'll be back probably every week until I leave!On a breezy autumn evening of enjoying outdoor music & pumpkin beers at Philly's Blocktober Fest, I ordered the Jamaican Jerk chicken platter and a chicken patty. The order was incorrect, so not a great sign from the start. I was given a vegatable patty.  The frozen vegetables inside the patty were bland and had an awkward sweetness to them. I had been craving the savory curry of the chicken patty, but it was not meant to be. The Jamaica Jerk platter was atomic.  It was so spicy that you could hardly distinguish any flavor.  The rice, beans, and lettuce were standard.  All in all, I was not impressed.A few Saturday mornings ago, after walking around the city for a few hours in beautiful weather, my friend and I basically knocked the door down to eat here at exactly 11am. We were greeted cheerfully by the super nice woman working there and placed our orders for 2 platters- jerk chicken and chicken curry.  Both were very tasty although not the amazingness that I expected.  What was amazing though was the fresh juice- the orange/mango was the perfect combo....perfectly cut the thickness of straight up mango juice.   Besides 2 teenagers snuggling up over a shared jerk platter,  we were the only ones in the place and thus free to enjoy our meal to the sweet sweet sounds of reggae music on the radio and CNN on the television.The food was good, but the portions were really small and for the prices, it was not at all what I expected.  I ordered the shrimp skewers which were $19.50.  I got 6 shrimp, some cabbage, rice, and 2 plaintains.  For 19.50 in a place like this I would expect at least 2 skewers.  I mean, this is a tiny, no frills place, we even had plastic cups.  It was really good, very spicy!  But for the price I would never go back or recommend to anyone else.  Sorry!This establishment is a bane to the otherwise QUIET neighborhood in which I live. It was a sad, sad day when they were allowed to continue to play their horrendous "music" at a volume that must wake the American patriots who have been dead for 200 years.Their portions is HUGE. I usually eat a lot but i have to control myself not to over order the food here because they have big portion with very decent prices. They have an great out door seating and a live band every Saturday night.
Their services is slow so face with the fact that you will wait for your food at least 15 minutes.Went to a birthday party with 25+ people here. Really great outdoor space in the summer, I mean there aren't many better in philly methinks. But corkage fees? Mediocre food? I used to live in the Crown Heights area of NYC, so while I'm not expert I've had my fair share of great caribbean food. This stuff... meh seems about right.I am only giving this place 3 Stars the prices are high they charge 9.00 for four wing pieces that seems like a rip off to me. The other food was simply okay. I will not be coming backSo we went to Jamaican Jerk Hut last night. Now, this place has gotten some hype from my friends so I went in with some high expectations...
First things first: It took a good while for the waiter to come and take our order. When he got there though, he was really attentive and quite friendly. We all liked him.
Second: Orders taken and we are chillin. The outdoor grassy seating was tops. We had a big table full of people, something like 10 or 13 heads or something. Waiter dude comes out with two heaping plates of awesome veggie, chicken, and beef patties. ON THE HOUSE!!!1111!1 Rock. So Rock. 
Third: The foods come out. It took a while, but we totally didn't mind. This place oozes ambiance and the Jamaican patties certainly pacified us. Anyway, back to the food.
Things I tried - 
Jerk Chicken Roti - Delicious. Seriously, this thing is HUGE. Tasted great. A challenge to eat without getting your hands dirty so get over it.
Jerk Red Snapper -  A little bit dry, a lot a bit flavorful. Seriously, I wish it were a little "juicier", but it came on a bed of snauce and there was so much flavor in it I got over it.
Spicy Jerk Chicken Salad - WOWOWOWOWOW!!! This is a cold salad that has enough heat in it to melt an ice cap. It was amazing. 
Veggie Pattie - Yum. Reminded me of a pikora 
Chicken Pattie  - Yum again. 
Beef Pattie - Yum. Less greasy than the ones you get from the chicken shops around the city, and the dough taste fresh.
Now, my experience here was great. I loved the service, even if it was a tad slow. I enjoyed everything I tried too. BUT. Yes, there is a but....
A Roti is basically a Jamaican burrito. Why, oh why, would you put meat still on the bone in a burrito? I must of crunched 1000 little shards of chicken bone. I got over it because of the whole Jamaican authenticoness thing. But I almost didn't enjoy my food because of it. Jerk Hut folks. Take the meat off the bone. Just do it. 
Lastly: Price. Over-priced. Also, a cork fee for beer? C'mon now. That shart is wak. 
The food was great, the ambiance was awesome, our waiter rocked, but I cant get behind how expensive this restaurant is. 
Cheers*This place is made for cool summer nights. If you don't (like going when it's raining or wintertime) it really sort of ruins the whole experience. The small, very hot or very cold front room doesn't really make for a pleasant time. Maybe it would if the food was something to bring you out for.
The only thing here really worth coming for is the coconut shrimp which although pricey, are the best I've had. The breading is fluffy, full of coconut pieces and it comes with a delicious coconut cream sauce for dipping. The other highlight of my trips was their killer home brewed ginger beer - perfect for a byo-dark rum, dark & stormy
Everything else - the greens, coco bread, vegetarian stew, fish, etc., is really nothing to make the trip for and is overpriced. (If i was a meat-eater, this review might be different - i didn't try their namesake chicken.)This place is pretty good.  The jerk chicken is decent.  The chicken itself is flavorful, and the sauce they put on the side has a decent kick.  I would not rank it in the top 10 places for jerk chicken, but it is good.  Platters come with this cabbage mix, which is really good, and rice, which is dry but tasty.  Prices are not awful, though more than what is expected.  Per person, you are usually looking at about $15.Went twice for lunch., both times on a Saturday.BOTH times, was told by an apparently hung-over waiter, (who was nice, however) that there wouldn't be ANY jerk available for at least 3-4 hours! The wait for food was close to 45 minutes, and the food we did order was good, but being a jerk place, we wanted jerk. The prices were kind of high for the atmosphere and slow service. Doubt I'll evergo back and really cannot recommend it.My first time in Philly and this place was a hit with my group! We came late (around 10pm) and the food was great! We loved that it was BYOB, since those are hard to come by in Cali. It was a Wednesday night in the early spring, so the outdoor area wasn't opened yet. The server was very nice and personable, she suggested a few places for us to go get a drink afterwards. I ordered the jerk chicken platter, and it was really good! It was spicy, for sure, but I also ordered cornbread to help cool my mouth down! The rest of my group ordered things like coconut shrimp, BBQ chicken, curry goat...and everything I tried was delicious! If I'm ever in Philly again, I'm going back! Hopefully for some live music as well! The inside dining area is small, but seems authentic to me! It was overall, a great experience!Screw these people complaining about the service... it's like a chinese take out place but with Jamaican food!!! Been here a few times and loved it every time. I get the Jerk chicken platter, damn I'm so full after each time. I always want to try something different, but can't resist the jerk chicken when I smell it!!
I'm definitely a noob when it comes to Jamaican food, but their jerk sauce is close to my Jamaican friend's jerk sauce.OK - It's realy a 3 star place but our food and service were so nice on a frigid January night that I will round up to 4 stars.
The place is, indeed, a "hut" - you have to walk around outside to get to the bathrooms and the decor is sparse - but Nikita - our server/cashier - saved the day with her congenial manner.
To top it off my friend and I both loved our huge platters of Oxtail Stews in a rich brown saucewith plantains (not dry - very nice) and rice - fragrant with allspice and studded with beans.
A $5 (ouch) side of roti bread was the perfect accompaniment.
I loved my meal - and will return.I was really disappointed in this place.  I'll admit, I only went because of the movie In Her Shoes.  I've been meaning to go ever since I saw it a few years ago.  I guess I hyped it up in my mind too much.  I expected it to be a little more ... I don't know ... jamaica-ey.  Not that I've ever been to Jamaica, but I was hoping the atmosphere there would make me feel like I had.  The Veranda was bland.  It didn't feel like a permanent space; more like someone's enclosed back porch decorated for a summer luau.  I got bit by two mosquitoes and spent the entire meal scratching my foot and I was cold.  I'm tempted to knock off a star for that, but I guess its my own fault for wearing sandals and going on a chilly evening.  The food was great though!  I got the jerk chicken, which was a good amount of spice (I could have stood a little more) and my roommate who is Jamaican swore that the oxtail tasted just like his mamas.  I would probably give it another try with a warmer evening and a bottle of rum.Very small, casual, paper table tops with crayons to draw-- good for kids. Jerk chicken was very spicy!! Collards were sweet, plantains were undercooked, curried goat was really good.I think the reason they call place a jerk hut is because the people who work here are jerks. I didn't enjoy the service at all. And I didn't enjoy the food enough to make up for it. It's not a cool place to go. It should be. It looks cool. It's filmed in the movie In Her Shoes. Which I love. Oh well. The food I got was tasty which is why I'm giving it two stars. But come on.  Anyone can make tasty food I'm not that hard to please. I'm not a food critic. But don't ignore me and my friends while we are sitting there waiting. It took so long for everything. And not in the polite hey sorry we are really busy way. In the hey we are fully staffed and there is nobody here to eat except you but we are taking forever because we just don't care way.Probably the worst service I have ever had in my life. Everyone in there waited at least 30 minutes for their food. Woman behind counter never apologized or gave explaination for the long wait. It was a mistake visoting this spot.Got the curry chicken, mixed rice, jerk wings, and snapper. I was craving hard for Caribbean food, tried it here, satisfied the craving but was not great. The servers are nice. But the food was mediocre for the high price they charge. Prob won't be back.Great food! Jerk sauce was off-the-hook, but beware, sauce is created by different people and sometimes can be spicier than others. BYOB so no complaints there but they ran out of ginger beer last time I was there.Whoa, why did this place get so few stars?? The food here is delicious. I recently had a vegetable stew here and it was out of this world. My friends shared a veggie stir-fry, which they raved about. They said they'd never had such delicious peppers! They did, however, have a big problem with paying $15 for vegetables and rice. My one friend also got the chicken wings and she devoured them. Sure, the meat patties don't have that much meat in them, but if you are after quality, not quantity, you will love this place. The fruit juices are also really good. Indoor seating is minimal, but there is a big yard with lots of outdoor seating, and, sometimes, live music! I recommend Jamaican Jerk Hut!As another reviewer said your experience there could go either way. The Jerk chicken was wayy to spicy where the spice over powered the flavor of the chicken.  the cabbage was cold but the rice and plantains were okay. Kind of odd that the prices were so high to be served water in paper cups. The service was kinds crappy the young lady seemed rude and inexperienced. All of the shakes and homemade drinks they were out off. My son wanted to try the ice cream and I wanted rum cake & they were out of that as well. Oh yea! and the "weekend specials" they didn't have any on a Friday night. Overall I WOULDN'T recommend nor return.Biggest rip off I've ever experience. The sandwich was 2 buns and 3 tiny pieces of chicken. By tiny, I mean less chicken then what you can hold between your thumb and your index finger. Feel free to eat here but don't be suprised when you walk out angry.Finally got to try this place (with a living social deal) Parked right out front  and had a nice pre theatre dinner, We had attentive service (contrary to the other reviewers) and the food arrived quickly. Other diners and take out customers were also served promptly.  Tried the barbecue chicken ( I was too chicken to go for the jerk) and  the curried goat roti - good but sloppy.  we will definitely go back- hubby wants to work his way through the menu.This is especially hard for me to say as a Jamaican American.  I've been to this place a number of times and each time they seem to disappoint in a new way.    During my most recent visit, I hoped to satisfy my urge for a Beef Patty and Coco Bread in timely manner. But that was not to be the case.  It took 30 minutes for my order to get to me. 30 MINUTES!!!! I can understand if the place was packed but it wasn't.  30 minutes is far too long for an entree to reach the table let alone an appetizer of this small size.  
As, I said before Im a Jamaican American who has been eating Patty's and Coco Bread since I can remember, about the same time most people here in America remember eating there 1st chicken nugget from Mc Donalds.  Never have I eaten a Beef Patty and Coco bread sliced into thirds.  When we questioned the server about the way the meal was presented to us, he nervously explained that is the manner in which the cook "makes" it.  In the back of my mind makes beans taken out of the Tower Isle box from the frozen food section placed in an oven and then on to a plate.  
I get the sneaking suspicion that this cook sliced the patties to avoid from giving me the correct amount of patties I had asked for.  This was the case for my friend who happened to order more patties than I did.
This was the last time I will give the Jerk Hut my business.i'm sorry. i want to like this place, i really do. the servers are awesome and so is the decor, especially on a summer night. 
but the food...meh, not so hot. the only thing i've ever found good was the veggie stew wrapped in bread-ish goodness. the meat is always fatty and a little. though i could live on plantains. but the forays out of veggie/fruit world here have left me leaving a full plate to give to my housemates.7:10pm: Ordered food for delivery. Was told it has to be at least $20 after placing a $15 ordered. Ok. Ordered some cake to bring the total to an acceptable level. I was told that the food will be there in 45min to 1hr. 
8:20pm: Still no delivery and I'm starving. Call them up and the girl says that the delivery guy just left and I should have my food in a couple minutes.
9:20pm: Still no delivery and I get a call from an unknown number. Yes! It's the delivery guy. I'm more hungry than angry so I'm just happy that it's here. I answer and it's the girl from the restaurant. womp-womp. She asked me if I received my food. I told her, "ah... no" and she proceeds to tell me that she can't get the "delivery service guy" on the phone and doesn't know where he's at. Really? I kindly told her that I have to order from somewhere else because its been over 2hrs already. She apologized, however the tone in her voice and her lack of reconciliation made it all seem disingenuous.
I guess first and foremost; Why don't you have a dedicated delivery staff? I find it outright incompetent that you can't make a delivery 4 blocks away from you (FYI: I injured my foot and couldn't walk). The fact that you rely on someone else to handle a job you, as a business, should and could handle in-house is just perplexing. Not only do you have to raise the minimum order amount to cover the service, you also have to deal with, Yelpers like me, telling the world how bad an experience I had with your with your business. 
Maybe in like 5 or 10 years, if this business is still around, I'll stop in and let you know how the food was. Until then, the "Jerk", in their name, has nothing to with the sauce and everything to do with their way of treating customers.Their food is not so good. It is not worth your money. I was not satisfied... it is somewhat expensive for the portion you receive compare to other Jamaican place.I must first start out by saying that the food here is delicious. The Jerk chicken is out of this world. Decent portions, excellent flavor, truly a great food experience.
The service however, is questionable. 
I have been going to Jamaican Jerk Hut for over a year now. I usually go there at least once a month and I have no problem dishing out $15 for a platter of food. Recently there was a living social (or Groupon) deal available so I purchased it. I went with my boyfriend and they questioned us upon our arrival regarding whether or not we had a Groupon or living social deal. We said yes, ordered a few platters, plus appetizers, and did not think anything of it.
Come to find out when the food arrived that they skimped on the portions. The $9 coconut shrimp appetizer had less shrimp than usual and the meal platters had less meat. They did not however, have any problem charging us full price for the shrimp appetizer, even though they skimped on the portions.
Needless to say, we will go back. But I would advise others not to buy a living social or Groupon deal for them. It's not a deal if you're paying 15 dollars for 30 dollars WORTH of food and you don't get that. Also, they will nickel and dime you to death. They advertise 20% off for parties of four or more. Then when the bill comes, the 20% won't be taken off. When questioned about it they say "oh the person that put that up got fired." Well then, TAKE IT DOWN! False advertisement to lure customers much? Come on Jamaican Jerk Hut. 
They are lucky I love the food.Jamaican jerk hut is by far the worst Jamaican restaurant in the center city Philadelphia area. I am Jamaican- American raised by Jamaican parents and grandparents, I wasn't aware that there was any other food other than Jamaican food growing up. When I moved to Philadelphia I was excited to see that there was a Jamaican restaurant near me, when I ordered from there they had horrible costumer service and the food was abhorrent. The sad part is that Jamaican Jerk Hut is the raved in Philadelphia by the Caucasian American community (except for my roommates who thought it was equally as bad, because I cook Sunday dinner every Sunday), but they don't know any better and this is the representation of Jamaican food to them. I will say THIS IS NOT WHAT IT SHOULD TASTE LIKE, and the costumer service does not represent the "irie", "don't worry be happy" culture that Jamaicans truly are. I suggest the Caribbean Delight restaurant on south street and a new chef for Jamaican Jerk hut! ZERO STARSThe jerk hut is a one of a kind spot in Philadelphia. When the weather is nice and they have a live band, like they did a couple Friday nights ago, the atmosphere doesn't get any better than the outdoor area here. 
About 15/25 tables were occupied this night but our service was still continuously on point. They brought us a huge bucket with ice for our beer upon our arrival, and our water cups stayed filled throughout the night. We started with coconut shrimp which was delicious, although it could have used more of the pina colada dipping sauce. As for the entrees I split the jerk chicken and the mango chicken platters. WARNING: the jerk chicken spice is not for the faint of heart. I have been to Jamaica five times and never had it this spicy. My tongue was still on fire a good hour after the meal. Overall both platters had a nice variety between the rice and plantains. 
I would definitely come back with a larger group and really take advantage of their outdoor space/BYOB feature, ya mon.More like Jamaican Jackass Hut.  The food was ok, and certainly overpriced.  The problem was the service - it took an hour to get four dishes and a meat pie.  If I want an island experience, I'll go to one.  
All in all, the food is passable, but not worth the price or the frustration from bad service.  I won't go back.After watching reruns of Diners, Drive ins, and Dives I stopped by to grab a chicken. I was not impressed. Not only was the card machine conveniently broke, which forced me to use the in-house atm for a fee, the chicken was tired not fresh. The sauce was decent and allowed me to eat most of it instead of making a trip back to return it. I'll stick with Jamaican D's.The good: 
- Awesome outdoor seating (weather was on our side.)
- Great jerk chicken platter-- jerk chicken is saucier than I'm used to, but I'd go back to have it again.  
The bad:
- Looonnnnnng wait.  Kitchen got overwhelmed with a few big tables before us.  (I'll just bring a six pack of beer next time.)
- The beef patties make me sad.  Boooo.  No love put into them.Get up, stand up!
This place needs to be playing Bob Marley on a nonstop loop, first of all.
Went here last night after a delirious Phillies win. Service was quick, however the food-delivery part was agonizingly slow. Took 45+ minutes to finally order and get the food. Got the Jerk Chicken platter.. it was phenomenal. Not overly hot, but spicy enough to get your attn. 
Hear they have an outdoor patio, alas not open. I'd call in your order and get it to go, or try lunch when prices are cheaper. Food is worth hitting again fo shoLook at that.  I actually went under three stars. This place merits the changing of my standards, and I'll tell you why. I went here for my roommate's birthday with 10 others (two are fellow Yelpers-  let's call them Kevin W.  and George R -note, names have not been changed to protect the guilty). This is how the night went.
7:00- We get seated, our server introduces herself, takes drink orders. (I would like to add that she forgot the one order for a drink, which was a soda, until after the food came out, two hours later).
7:45-  George R. turns to me and says, "So, I guess there are going to be a lot of new reviews for this place, tomorrow.  I know what I'm going to write."
8:15- Kevin W. shouts down the table to me (he hadn't heard what George R. said), "I know what I'm going to write.  How 'bout you?"
We all had something bad on our minds. For several reasons.  The service was terrible.  The prices are uncalled for. And the service was terrible.   Granted, we were a large party and two people were 30 minutes late, but it took the server over an hour to show up to take our orders (after the initial introduction and poor drink order).  That means we spent over 30 minutes actively craning our necks looking for her to no avail. 
Besides disappearing and making us wait forever, our server forgot my soup and charged us for an appetizer that she wasn't supposed to bring out and said she wouldn't charge us for.  
Also, they ran out of several of the foods that were ordered but didn't tell us until 30 minutes after we ordered them.  Twice.  That's right.  I ordered something, 30 minutes later had to order something new, and then 30 minutes later was forced to order something new. 
Besides the poor service, the atmosphere could really use a revamping.  It's one thing to joke about "Jamaican service" while you're eating at a Jamaican restaurant.  It's another thing entirely when that slow service gets in the way of enjoying a nice meal.really...when i hear the words "mango" and "salsa" put together, i roll my eyes and make mock gaggy faces.
except at the jerk hut. here, to do that, would be an asshole move of the highest order. here, it would be sacrilege. because, frankly, here the mango salsa is GOOOOD, man. tangy, tart, crisp onions, not an ounce of yuppie bullshit in the bowl.
i fell in love with the whole snapper, and won't eat that fine, fine fish in any other establishment to this day.
i really cannot speak for the sit-down service, as i am a take the grub and run kinda gal, so i 'spose it might be smart to take my lead. the sit-down reviews ain't too great, kids...I too only knew about Jamaican Jerk Hut from the movie In Her Shoes, but it WAS worthy of its Hollywood spotlight.  
For those who can't handle spicy jerk chicken, I highly recommend the Brown Stew Chicken.  Not too spicy, tender soft chicken full of flavor.  Our food took longer than we thought (about 20 minutes) for a Tuesday evening at 8 pm, as we had already colored the entire table surface by the time we were served.  
We plan to go back there again and again.  I'm curious about the Okra Run Down.Bad day for the Jamaican Jerk Hut last Saturday .    Not only were they incredibly slow,  (2 1/2 hours it took to let us know that there was no more curry chicken left)  apparently there was a party going on in the back of the restaurant approx. 22 guests.  One server to take care of the party goers and the restaurant patrons. When the manager finally did appear, we called him to our table and told him how long we waited .  He said that an employee called out sick.  The waitress lied to the manager and said that she thought we had eaten already, Lies, lies. Bad management and staff decisions. No communication to the customers.   If you are looking for a good Jamaican restaurant, go to Rio Cobre or the Caribbean reef both located around 3rd and 4th and South Street.LOVE JAMAICAN JERK HUT!! I had a party here and they were awesome. Everyone had so much fun-- it's such a great atmosphere and the staff is super friendly. Food is also really yummy. Sometimes there is a live band which is great but if not, we always bring an ipod and play our own playlist. Anyway, love Jamaican Jerk and HIGHLY recommend it!!I thought that the food was delicious. The jerk chicken was quite flavorful and I could not get enough of the coconut rice.  My friend had the mango chicken, which also was tasty. My friend and I sat outside and enjoyed the music.  Between the food and the ambiance, I was quite pleased.  
My only issue is the service from our server.  We were seated by the manager.  She was pleasant and very helpful. She checked in with us and made us feel welcome.  There was also another staff member who gave us our menus, I believe he was the host. He was quite friendly and also gave recommendations.  My friend and I waited a while for a server (which we did not mind, because we were having a nice time), so host returned and took our order.  Then the server finally appeared, but got upset with him in front of us for taking our orders (even though he was doing it to save time since she has disappeared).  She came back 15 min later to clarify our orders, which was odd.  She was nice, but did not really do much in terms of being a server. Other than that, it was great. I really enjoyed the food. I will definitely return.The only good thing was the okra with rice.  Okay, now that I have that out of the way- My introduction to the Jamaican Jerk Hut was as part of a required social gathering.  It was very stormy that evening (we're talking wrath of God) and we had wisely chosen the outdoor seating.  Despite the hailstones and fear of electrocution, we were hopeful for the best of evenings.  Unfortunately, the service was almost rudely slow and very inconsistent.  Despite the fact that our party comprised at least 75% of the customers present, it took 30-45 minutes to get my drink and for us to place our orders.  For some reason, they were seemingly out of every other thing I attempted to order.  I quit counting and tried to mask my irritation with copious amounts of (my own $4 corkage fee) rum , so I have no idea the eons that passed before we received our food.  The juice was stale and overpriced.  The tortilla of my $11 pseudo-roti had the weird taste of post-freezerburn thaw.  The staff insisted on playing this boombox that kept cutting out and skipping, further adding to the ambiance.  And to add insult to the injury of endless waiting and mostly mediocre food, I was forced to pay my mandatory 20% on top of my already unjustly steep bill.  Never again, Jerk Hut.I ordered the jerk chicken platter (comes with red beans and rice, cabbage, and plantains) and chicken patty. 
The jerk chicken was perfectly cooked. It is spicy but not too hot (if you can eat the hottest salsa at Chipotle, you'll be fine with the heat in this chicken). The portion is large enough for two. The only thing is that it came with one piece of plantains. I ordered delivery and was disappointed because I thought it was a real side, not a garnish. The cabbage are a great accompaniment, they don't have any seasoning, just the natural flavoring. The red beans and rice have very little red beans. The overall dish has subtle flavors that compliment the jerk chicken.
The chicken patty does not have a lot of chicken but tastes delicious. 
I would definitely come back again.Hope the food is good because the staff is the worst I've ever experienced!  2 other people in the place and no one came to help us and we waited over 45 minutes before we got up and left!! Beyond horribleBeen here two times - once for an end of the financial year get together with a pretty conservative, "fancy company" dept. of 10, and another for a non-profit fundraiser.
The best thing about this place is that it's really informal, and you can feel the open air.  I loved being all dressed up, the men in suit and ties, and we could finally let our hair down with each other.  We passed the bread around, drank beers picked up at Spruce Market, and enjoyed the vibe and the beats.  Makes a difference.
The second great thing is that they rent the whole restaurants to large groups.  I really enjoyed going to support an important organization taking a trip to help people in Jamaica and Haiti - and eating the food, drinking Jamaican Rum, and being outside.  There were tables set up so you could enjoy your food solo, then move to another table and talk with friends.  They had a special menu set up that night, and the  bar was taken care of by the organization.  It was pretty cool.
Foodwise - so it's really hard to be a vegan on the cheaps.
Well, usually I don't seek out food anywhere in Philly.  It's too expensive for me, and I can easily make a gourmet feast chez moi, with exactly what I want in the right proportions for pennies.
That being said, I usually order something vegan (or vegetarian if necessary) and something not too expensive.
The potato veggie soup they have is excellent!  Not a trace of any meat flavoring.  Huge chunks of perfectly cooked potatoes (not sure if the veggies were frozen or not) and you can always order salad or rice on the side.  There's also a vegetarian "Roti" on the menu.
So I like the atmosphere here and would like to catch some live music in their garden.Two of us went in for a late dinner and we were one of two occupied tables inside (on a Monday night)
The service was chatty, friendly, and apologetic when they were out of certain things on the menu (which was a disappointment for my date).  Our food arrived fast enough that I did not notice how long it had been.
We ordered the 1/2 jerk chicken platter and the curry chicken platter with a side of okra stew.  First of all, the meats are served with bones, a lot of bones.  I am not saying that this is a bad thing, but you should expect it going in.  
The jerk chicken was the best that I've had in my limited experience with Jamaican food.It was moist and super flavorful with just the right amount of spice.  The rice and beans were ok, could have used more beans but it went well with the jerk sauce.  Plantains were great, I just wish there were more on the plate.  The cabbage was a little underwhelming, I wish they were peppered with a little more of a heavy hand.  Also the way the cabbage was shredded made it difficult to eat.  
The curry chicken had the same moist chicken that was in the jerk, but with a curry sauce.  The curry sauce was ok, but I've had better at other Caribbean restaurants.  My date did not like all of the bones in the meat.  She reported the okra stew was her favorite part of the meal, though I didn't try it.  
Others have complained about the price.  I used a livingsocial deal, but without that discount the price would be higher than I'd usually pay for this sort of causal cuisine.  Jamaican Jerk Hut seems to be hugely popular, and you can see on the wall inside that the prices were once lower and have subsequently been raised after it obtained such a following.  
I would go again just for the jerk.  I imagine that I will have a hard time ordering anything else off the menu (this is speaking to the quality of the jerk, not the other food)I LOVED the outdoor seating with the live music!  I came with a big group, and the atmosphere was just so chill and relaxed, we all had an amazingly great time.  I agree that the service was slow, but we didn't mind at all. You just have to be a bit shameless and nicely bug the host a little.  They gave us chips and salsa while we waited, and the mood was so fun that we didn't even notice the time fly by. 
The music was great, and it was BYOB so we bought some rum and mixed it with their home-made juices.  The food was ok, prices were decent, and the mood and company were sooo worth it.  I'd definitely come back again with a large group or an intimate gathering.Very good lunch special and everything was delicious! The fact you can BYOB is just the cherry on top!I have to agree with the selected "one" star review above, and add that that in my year or so in Philadelphia, this was my worst eating experience so far.  
   My wife and I walked by on a beautiful night and could not resist the prospect of a delicious jerk meal under the moonlight with soft reggae - but be warned - that prospect does not exist here. 
   This is a tourist trap disguised as a restaurant in Philly.  All of the things you might hate about tourist traps - bad service, faked local charm, sub par food, ridiculous prices, and a general sense that you have just been suckered are in full swing here.  I really wanted to like this place, and tried with all of the patiences that I could possibly summon to look past all of the negative, but I just could not.  I really don't want to go into the details surrounding this experience because it just makes me mad.  Rather, I will focus my energies into crafting this review as a general "trust me" this place is no good. 
Like I said earlier, this is so far, the worst dining experience I have had in Philly.After waiting 25 min for a server to take our drink order ... I got up and went to the take out counter to place my entire dine-in order. How were they acting  "slammed" in a place with 10 tables - of which only two others were occupied? I watched a couple leave due to the lack of acknowledgement, then a party of three leave for the same reason. If it weren't a Living Social coupon that required "dine in only" , I would have left too!
Foodwise, the Jerk was way too spicy. Homemade ginger beer was too sweet. Veggie patties looked like the frozen kind. The curried chicken saved them from a 1 STAR rating. I wish I could say the food was worth the wait. Nope. Next!Hmm too bad for all these bad reviews around service... Only been here twice so far. Once for an event in the back room. There's outdoor garden space and also a "tiki" hut type atmosphere in the back room for a private party or large group. Another update is that they do FREE DELIVERY! Jerked chicken is very spice - for my mild taste. I prefer the chicken curry. The corn bread is good as well. Over all, I think the food is good but a little pricey for what it is.When I had the craving for Jamaican food , I was yelping away and came upon this place . The jerk chicken and pattie was very good . The rice was a little on the plain side . I've had better and plantain was very dried . It wasn't good at all . For the portion of food it's not worth it . My boyfriend agree as well . 
As far as customer service not good at all . I had called ahead of time to asked if they had a certain item on their menu , the girl that answered wasn't very pleasant . She just explained what they had for their jerk chicken platter and then hangs up the phone . Very rude . So I won't be returning .I think the food is amazing.  I think that the place can be a bit dirty.  I have never been there when it's slammed busy, so the service was always pretty ok.  It isn't a big stretch for me to imagine that the service would be not so good when it's slammed.I wish I knew...we were ignored so we left.  There was a Brazilian band in the adjacent 'garden' so it may have been a little confusing for them.  We checked in and were told that we should order in the front. Then a woman seemed to try to seat us but kind of lost her focus on us.  So we sat and waited.  We checked the menu on line and walked to the front to order from  the server, so I went back.  We waited another 10 minutes but hunger drove us away.  
Oh well, maybe next time...The place is small and right next to an empty lot. When I got there I was super excited to get an beef patty but they ran out. So I ordered a chicken patty and 5 mins later the waiter informs me and my friends, they are no more chicken patties "the PAIN". For the price of $15 dollars I'm thinking I will receive a nice size plate, wrong. The curry goat was not bad and the rice and beans were good but I did not like the cabbage. The overall dish was good but the portion size was too small for 15 dollars. I have been to other restaurants just like it and got twice the amount of food for a cheaper price. And Yes, the food was just as good. They do not accept American ExpressI only come here once a year and every time I return, I'm reminded why. After placing our order, we waited for 45 minutes and watched everyone else in the restaurant receive their food. When we went to the counter to ask about our food, they had forgotten about us and asked what had we ordered. We had to wait an additional 15 minutes and the lady at the register tried to make the situation better by offering us a free soda. A free soda?! Really?! After we paid $16 for an hour late of curried chicken, you think a free soda was going to make us feel better? The meal should have been comped. 
Trust me. Save yourself the frustration and go to Caribbean Delight down the block.Food: 2
Decor: 1
Ambiance: 1
Service: 1.5
Value: 1.5
"May I use the restroom?"
"Sure, you have to walk outside, down a block, and then back up a dark, sketchy alley to access it."
"Okay..."
Upon arrival in said dark, sketchy alley, you will find that there is no accessible bathroom. However, there is a port-a-potty on their property out back, which is what they must have been referring to, but it is currently behind a barbed wire fence. Use restrooms before going to the restaurant.
Also, we would have visited this restaurant a while ago, but they don't seem to follow the hours on their website.
Other gripes:
- Similar lighting to the DMV
- Poster of Guy Fieri in shorts and sandals staring at me as I eat
- Roach traps in plain view
- Out of chicken breast (how do they run out if that is their specialty)
- Chicken leg full of small bones, and not much meat. Careful not to choke
- Expensive for what you get
- Corkage fee.Good people of Philadelphia... make an effort to support this restaurant. Oh man I love this place. Beef patties are woke af and the house-made jerk sauce is so spicy and delicious it should be labeled as life-changing. The jerk chicken soup and fried plantains make for a great lunch and the chicken roti was huge (3+ people couldn't finish it even though it was so good.) 14/10 would come back so I can try more things on the menu. ***the ordering menu on yelp and Postmates is set to catering only, but we told the owner and she's getting it fixed.*** if you're gonna use a food delivery service just put in a custom order or go pick it up yourself because it's so worth it... in every sense possible.I absolutely love the food at this restaurant.  Everything I have eaten tastes awesome.  I even used this place for my wedding rehearsal dinner.  The servers and staff are super nice but service can be a bit slow at times.  You have to remind them a couple of times for your bill.  Other than that, I love the music and the fact that it is BYOB.  Its a great place to hang out on a nice summery day.REALLY fun place to hang out! I love the huge outdoor space and the live (though admittedly pretty terrible) music. The food is delicious!! The wait can be quite long (like, an hour) but bring enough booze and don't come starving and enjoy yourself. Speaking of which, they take BYOB pretty seriously (I saw a group bring a keg once...) but there's a corkage fee which is not ok, given that this is Philly and BYOB is ubiquitous. What IS the corkage fee on a keg...?Being from the Caribbean myself I really did not believe the way my beautiful Sunday would end up in the hands of this establishment. The joint has a small store front and outside seating in an adjacent lot. There is live music on Friday and Saturday and the vibe feels good as you are walking up on the place. We ordered the steamed fish and there was a problem substituting white rice for peas and rice. After haggling with the novice waitress who did not know her menu I proceeded to walk over to the cop shop on 13 and Lombard for some light Belgium Ale. I returned and popped the brew and began to chew the fat with my friend. At this point 45 min had passed and we were beginning to  expect the worse. Well the angle of death then proceeded to approach our table and steal the life out of my night. The whole fish which was probably was frozen was now being scaled and it would be another 35min to dine. We were so disappointed and disgusted with the whole experience that we got up and left. You could get better service from two monkeys and a handful of  peanuts. Staff without training, a kitchen without morals and standards and you have the recipe for a great disaster. Go back to formula and start over again and keep this place out of your vocabulary. The night was not a total disaster thanx to Govinda's vegetarian on broad and south. The food was excellent and the staff seemed proud of the food they serve.Visit searching for Jamaican food around the area. It was do tough to get meal ordered. Waited  a long long for take out. They run out of food to service. We just.  ordered what was available. Here were the leftovers. 
Brown chicken stew- was good. But just a bit too sweet. 
Jerk chicken- was really good. Flavorful and juicy. 
Besides the service being slow the food was great and portion was hugh. I would give them a try if we visit again but this time we will order earlier so there's food for us. Not wat they have left.I love the Jerk Hut. I discovered it while I was in college and I went there when I was in need of my Caribbean food fix and couldn't find a family member to quell it. 
 The service is SLOW. The beef patties taste remarkably like the Tower Isle beef patties that you can buy in the market and they (the staff) can be a bit rude. 
But the Roti! Ooooooooh Roti! Their chicken Roti is amazing! The curried chicken is perfectly seasoned and the roti flatbread isn't dry and flavorless... I also like the oxtail, but don't tell my aunt I said that. The rice and beans are a bit dry but if you get a meat with a good gravy it's wonderful. Plantains=PERFECT!
As far as ambiance, I like coloring on the tables inside, I have never eaten outside so I can't comment. I always get a Ting because I am addicted to it ($2.50 for a small soda is expensive but when you figure it's "imported".)  I never did the BYOB so I can't comment. It's not the cleanest place ever but it is reminiscent of one of the small city restaurants I go to in St. Kitts when I am there. 
Like it a lot, and I would refer a friend... and tell them expect to wait.A hard review to write:  The food may be good, even a necessary part of the available cuisine in Philly, but there is one big, never-ending problem with JJH...
They simply do not know how to run a restaurant.
The service is atrocious, the tables are dirty, and the corking fees for wine AND beer are insulting in the BYO age.  This place gives the clear impression that the entire staff are friends and family, but not at all in homey, charming way.
There are enough reviews spelling out one bad experience after another here, and I have had several myself (yes, I keep going back for more, but sometimes nothing but Jerk Chicken will do and what else is a boy to do?), so I won't bore y'all with my tales of woe.  Suffice it to say that their problems have persisted unchanged for years.
So I'm not saying people shouldn't go to JJH... in fact I think you kinda have to.  I'm just hoping that the proprietors might actually take heart to these complaints and finally make the decision to fix what needs to be fixed and take JJH to the level it (and Philadelphia, frankly) deserves.I'm very thankful for Groupon opening my eyes to this place with a $15 for $30 deal. I've walked by the place a bunch of times, but never went in until the other day. 
This place is SMALL. I mean, very small. When we walked in, we took the table by the window and were greeted by a wonderful waiter! He was personable, polite, funny and didn't mind answering our tons of questions about the menu. I greatly appreciated his warning that their jerk sauce is quite spicy because I was thinking of getting that, but too much spice is not for me. He explained everything about the different platters and his descriptions were spot-on based on what we ordered. 
I've read other reviews saying that the food took a while. It wasn't the fastest, but I don't mind because that tells me that our food is being made fresh. Plus, it's a BYOB so we had a couple beers while we chatted and waited. It was well worth the wait.
Our table split the jerk wings, which were delicious! If you love spicy food, the jerk sauce is for you. For someone like me who can't handle as much spice, the wings were a perfect chance to taste the flavors of the sauce without burning my entire mouth up. 
We each ordered different things so we could share. One of us got the jerk chicken which came with cabbage (delicious), rice and beans, and friend plantains. The chicken was tender and the sides were a perfect compliment. Another entree was the Brown Stew chicken with the same sides. This meat was served with more of a gravy, which was thick and very flavorful. The last entree we tried was the Dunn's River BBQ Chicken which was my personal favorite. Again, the meat was tender but this time it was served with a sauce that was a unique blend of sweetness, BBQ and spices. I pretty much licked my plate clean. This platter came with greens and corn bread. I thought the corn bread was ok, but the greens were delicious. Meat-free and very flavorful, I'm usually not a huge greens fan but I loved this in combo with the chicken. 
I thought this place had great service, great atmosphere and GREAT food. We will definitely be going back soon.Seriously awesome, spicy, messy, eat-some-with-your-hands, jerk chicken. 
I got the platter which had chicken, cabbage, rice+beans and a fried plantain all for 9 bucks.
The only reason its not getting 5 stars is that the chicken had tons of hidden bones and i only got 1 slice of plantain.
don't listen to the bombaclats that can't overstand the real jerk! 
Ya Gwon!I went in for lunch with a coworker and was charged "extra" to dine in($12 extra for us to dine in). When I asked why we were over charged that was the reasoning. We asked for a refund and our food to go, the person taking our order took 30 min to handle to refund and get our food to us. Literally was there almost my whole lunch hour just trying to get my food. Terrible service. I will not be returning to this restaurant.I was craving Jamaican food at an authentic type place, but was very disappointed by my visit. This is a shame too because older reviews (not many recently) stated how good the food used to be. I ordered take out from this establishment and was told it would be ready in 25 minutes. This was for two curry chicken rotis and two slices of carrot cake. After 25 minutes I walked into this restaurant and had to wait another 15 minutes! That was 40 min for the food I just mentioned. The worst part is that the chicken was full of big chunks of bones! Even the pieces we thought were safe actually weren't because of tiny bone fragments throughout the meat. To top that off, it was wrapped up in a roti which is really scary! What if someone attempts to pick it up like a wrap and take a bite with all those splinter sized bones?! Imagine a wild bird just being butchered at the joints, thrown in a pan of curry sauce, and then stuffed into a wrap and you can envision my take out. I am actually disturbed thinking about it while writing this. I have had my share of Jamaican food while traveling around the Caribbean and loved it, but I have a feeling this place has ruined this type of cuisine for me for a while. I tried the carrot cake before the entree, which is a good thing or else I probably wouldn't have tried it. The carrot cake was decent with a nice cup of coffee. It seems to be a healthier version due to bigger shreds of carrots and leaving off the icing on top. Unfortunately, I will not be coming back to this place for a second round!Terrible. Jerk hurt but simple jerk chicken is baked chicken with a "spicy sauce" customer service is terrible. Don't waste your time and hard earned money. The best thing about this place is the bathroom, even though u have to walk around the block to the back of the buildingVery Good just like my beautiful West Indian friend Jennifer Hari...!!! The meat is very tender and the food is very homemade you can definitely tell. It also has a beautiful atmosphereFood: yum yum yum (curry shrimp). service: crappy. My friend was really excited about this place having had been there a few years ago. She was right, yummy food. But, we waited sooooooooooo long for the food and I was worried b/c I had a flight to catch a few hours later in NYC (I made the flight but was a little bit tired, impatient and antsy. i was tired and missed my bf). I recommend this place. I think the glitch in the service may have been due to the fact that it was 4th of july and they were preparing for a party later. But, assuming that the food is prepped ahead of time, it should never take that long. The waitress was nice though and offered us some stuff "on the house" but we were too full by the time she offered.
On a separate and probably irrelevant note, my friend said the neighborhood is getting yuppified.OK, OK, I will modify my previously harsh review.  As I stated previously, the food here is really good; the jerk is properly SPICY, and it will make you feel like you've entered a Lakota sweat lodge with John Lame Deer.  There have been plenty of upgrades to one of the best outdoor spots in Center City.  There are more outside tables and they are all freshly painted.  There are new bathrooms inside (!!!), and seemingly there are more servers; Ashley took very good care of us.  Sure, the entire operation runs on 'island time' so, by all means, do not go here hungry, or you will start shaking like a cheese-less senior citizen on the bus to Branson.  Bring plenty of beer, kick back, watch the sun set, listen to the reggae music, and eventually, your food will come!"Ayy monn (ffffffffffffffffffffffff, sound of inhaling ganja) less opun a resran!)
"Foool country boy, we gotz no 'ospitality speariunce"
"fffffffffffffffffffffff, No problem, peeples will kum!"
That's how I imagine the genesis of this place.
I've been to JJH about 4 times.  One of my best friends likes the place, but the next time he suggests it, I'm going to ask for an alternate. The last time we were there was about two weeks ago on Friday or Saturday. We had a group of about 8 and he had made a reservation.
The outdoor area is huge, but the space could be better utilized. Since my last visit, they added a cheezy orange lighted palm tree in the middle of the space. We had to walk inside to find someone to seat us, and the woman looked at us like we were from another planet when we said we had a reservation. After some confusing moments, we were seated at a table, and about 15 minutes later, after we finally got some water, our server asked us to sit at another table. (They originally sat us in a group of tables meant for a very large group)
We watched as the singer with the band helped some staff in a scramble to set up some more tables, including our new one. It struck me as kind of odd to be doing setups during the dinner service, but they don't seem to be very organized. The band was on break, and the boombox-through-PA break music was irritatingly loud. Our server was nice and polite, but part of their challenge is that there's no bussing station outside, so if you want water, order it by the pitcher because you'll die of thirst waiting for refills.
The food is okay, but because of the distance from kitchen to table, it arrived warm, not hot. The spinach side dish would have been great if it was hot. The quality of the food does not warrant the high prices. One tip: order the jerk sauce on the side. On a previous visit, I got the jerk chicken salad with the sauce added, and it was nearly inedible, it was so overpoweringly spicy. I like the hot & spicy stuff as much as anyone, but balance of flavor is the key.
I think Andrew R. hit the nail on the head; "...each time they seem to disappoint in a new way."The food was amazing. I had the curry shrimp and my date had the oxtails. OMG it was so good.I will admit that the food at "The Hut" can be a little inconsistent.... and yes, the service can be a little slow.... but honestly, there are few places that make me more happy.
The first time I went, a couple of friends and I got there close to closing time... they sat us anyway and we got a pitcher of fresh juice, and a couple of plates of jerk chicken. After our food was served, our server told us that they were closing, but that the owner gave him the keys and that we could stay until we were done. He ended up sitting down with us and shared our rum/juice drinks. 
I love the "undone" atmosphere... the unstressed waitstaff just adds to the relaxed experience. I've never had a bad meal, although sometimes it is a little "thrown together".
This place forces you to slow down and relax.
You can bring your own rum to mix with their fresh squeezed juice.... I love the jerk chicken salad-- one of their most spicy and the curry shrimp are good too.I ordered the Okra Stew, it was misrepresented by the description, had no flavor, and was way overpriced: $16. The wait was long and not worth it."I think this place is awesometown.  I like the Roti as well as the Jerk Chicken.  The takeout portions are noticeably smaller than the dine-in, but unless it is summer, there are not too many tables.
The food is goodDuring Bloktoberfest (outdoor beer fest) my friends and I wondered in Jamaican Jerk Hut looking for food the same way zombies look for brains. We were on a mission and it was to fuel up on grub and then pass out on the grass to watch bands play. If we were rating JJH on that alone it would be '5-star-great' but unfortunately, most of my rating is based on food and service. The one cook had gotten my friend's order wrong so we had to wait for another. The chicken kabob I had was simple, average but nonetheless cooked well. Our food was nothing bad but it wasn't amazing enough to be on my radar for another visit.It's tough to review this place. The food is AMAZING, but the service needs some serious work. I don't mean the wait staff--everyone was super nice, but the food took FOREVER. I understand that it's a small place, but if you're going to have a HUGE outdoor seating area in the summer, you've got to be able to accommodate the crowd!
The vibe is amazing. It was a beautiful night and we had plenty of room for our large group. There was a band playing until around 10pm, lots of people, tiki torches and a great atmosphere all around.
We had a large party, about 15, with an 8pm reservation. It's a BYOB and we were all talking and chatting, so we weren't looking for a super quick meal, but it got a little ridiculous. We probably ordered around 9 once everyone arrived and was settled. Everyone ordered their apps and entrees together because we heard that the food takes a while. 
First of all, the platters were coming out one, maybe two at a time, which was awkward. I understand if you can't get all of the platters out together, but the timing could have been a little bit better. Around 10pm, an HOUR after ordering, a lot of our group was still waiting on their food while others had finished eating. The waitress had to come out to tell a few of us that the entree we ordered an hour and a half ago was not available anymore. Again, not her fault, but annoying after waiting so long!
My friend put in a formal complaint with the manager who was very nice and offered us a discount on our check because of the slow service. We were sure to stress the fact that the food was amazing, because it was!!
Service aside--- if you want to stray away from the usual American cuisine and have some great food-- check this place out!! I probably wouldn't take a big group there again, but I've eaten inside with a smaller party during the colder months and it was not as hectic. The entrees are served with greens and cabbage or rice and corn bread. The jerk chicken, brown stew chicken, Dunn's River BBQ chicken, curry goat, curry shrimp-- I sampled them all and was delighted with each one! The meat seriously is falling off of the bone and all of the sauces are unique and delicious!
The food is fresh and flavorful. You will definitely leave satisfied, it just might take a while!!!