You don't have to be a meat eating machine to enjoy this place.  We indulged ourselves with the artisan cheese plate, a mix of green salad, octopus, and the fish fry.  I loved everything that we ordered.  Anytime i see octopus on the menu it's a definite must.  The fish fry was one of the best if not the best fish/chips I've ever had.  The cod tasted very fresh and the breading was light/airy but very flavorful.  Our waitress did warn us about over ordering.  I was looking at the seafood paella and she mentioned it might be too much food.  She was right, we had just enough indulgence without feeling overstuffed.  I loved the intimacy of this place.  It's small but not cramped.  Our waitress brought out a delicious strawberry ice cream with blackberry compote all made in house for a birthday treat.  This place will definitely not cramp your wallet.  Their prices are very reasonable and budget friendly compared to other places for tapas around town.  Looking forward to my next trip here already.I can't even put into words how wonderful my experience was here, but I'll try!
First, we were a part of 3 without a reservation (we tried getting one but they were booked and I went anyway hoping they had left room for walk-ins). We waited about 40 minutes before being seated but enjoyed an appetizer and drinks at the bar. The service was EXCELLENT from beginning to end. The host, Adam, was friendly and relaxed and did his best to get us a table in the crowded restaurant. The bar staff was also kind, and made great recommendations. Our sever, Madeline, was fantastic. She was chill and sweet, and we never had to ask for anything as she was always on top of it. The busser was there to clear away and re-mis the table asap. 
Now.. for the good part.. the FOOD! This was easily the best meal I've had in a long time. We had the Chef's board (meat and cheese with accompaniments.. need I say more?) crispy eggplant fries (omg) figs and chorizo (incredible) the best brussel sprouts I've ever eaten in my life, a salad with fried goat cheese (yes, fried. goat. cheese.), Gambas (honestly didn't like them but everything else made me forget), scallops that I can's stop thinking about, the world's greatest bread pudding (and I didn't even think I liked bread pudding) and the most ridiculous, outrageous, perfectly delicious brownie sundae the world has to offer. Did I mention they also serve La Columbe coffee??! 
I can't wait to go back.Came here on a Monday night. I have to say that this place really rocks. Great atmosphere and the waitress was extremely friendly and always made sure everything was okay. 
We had a table of two and ordered 3 dishes:
For the appetizer we had the eggplant fries. Hands down, these were the best fries I have had in my life. They had such a crisp outside and melted in your mouth on the inside. I really have to learn how to make this at home!
We also ordered the Charcuteria, a cold cut platter, which was a refreshing intermission between the appetizer and entree.
The both of us shared the Seafood Paella as our final dish. Portions were large enough to share among two people. The paella had a nice sticky consistency and was cooked and flavored perfectly. 
I wish I had the chance to try some other tapas, but they don't have a tapas aside from the separate tapas sampling menu, so you have to ask about it or take a look on the specials written on the wall. I am glad I tried the eggplant fries though. Still makes my mouth water thinking about it!Came with some friends for a late-night happy hour. Between the white wine sangria and the red wine sangria, the red is the definite winner. We also ordered some late night happy hour food including a charcuterie board, some deviled eggs, some croquets, and a potato-based frittata. The food was alright, but nothing was amazing. I did not enjoy the frittata though and felt the texture was not there. It satisfied our late night munchies though.OMG - what can I say - this is truly one of the best Tapas restaurants I have been to & I have been to many. It is one of my must go to places every time I am in Philly. The food is incredible, from the bacon wrapped dates to the mushroom flatbread, bronzino, scallops - everything just explodes with flavor. This time we even had dessert, spanish donuts with a dipping sauce - heavenly.
Service is good, space is very tight inside so you have to be comfortable with that type of environment. Also, as others have said it is quite dark inside, but for me that makes for a great intimate place to have a romantic dinner. They do  have outdoor seating in the summer, but it is literally right on the sidewalk with no barrier/plants up so I'm not a huge fan especially in the very hot weather.
I would strongly recommend a reservation as they have a small number of indoor tables & have been very busy every time I have been here. Definitely check this place out if you are in Philly & love tapas!amazing food great service and great wine selection hands down philly rocksWonderful Tapas with great flavors, choices and service. The sangria is great and plenty of fine wines by the glass and bottle.Cute place and have been here before because I liked the food BUT the service and staff need an overhaul. We ordered lots and had 2 bottles of cava and still our server was rude and inattentive.  The one host was nice and tried to help but it was too late by then, it ruined our experience.  The people next to use agreed as well. Our woman server clearly didn't want to be there. The vibe was just off.Decent location, decent food, nothing special. Wouldn't exactly recommend people to come here, but it would also be incorrect to say it was a bad restaurant.Hubby and I did 10 tapas and pitcher sangria deal at Jamonera. Papa Frita , charcuterie, duck sausage and quail egg on toast absolutely delicious. Bacon wrapped dates were ok, dates were really sweet and bacon was overcooked. Fried Crab manchego balls and melon, proscuitto salad also really good, sweetness of melon worked well with salty cheese in salad. Spanish tortilla flavor was mediocre, didn't care for the overly salted cream poured over it. Lastly, garlicky mussels and Bronzino, very good. Mussels were not gritty and bread soaked up juices perfectly. Fish was flaky, tender, cooked just right.
Enjoyed the Roja sangria, and server was very nice and attentive. He made a great suggestion for a craft beer that my husband enjoyed. All in all we had a good time tonight,,would def return soon. 
(Music volume was pretty loud but not unbearable, and it's rather dark, so bring your glasses to see menu lol.)Ok, so the service was excellent.  Went on a wednesday and had an ok crowd, felt well taken care of.  We had the deep fried goat cheese, the steak, the scallions, grilled shrimp, the iberico ham, and the charcuteria.  Now all of the food was good.  Probably 4.5 stars however the iberico ham was a 5+ star dish.  It was bursting with flavor and so amazingly good. You'll love it.This is a tapas place they give you a very big portions
We shared about 6 or 7 dishes and they did a very good job with all . Everything was fresh vibrant and prepared to perfection they do a great job with mixed drinks and cocktails . And the service was pretty good the only downside of this restaurant is it is very small so it's a little crampedWe just had dinner on Sunday during the Philly Wine Week and had the Paella special with an excellent bottle of wine.  A great Rose from Spain that was a perfect match with the whole meal.  Doug/Gabriel was a great waiter and took very good care of us.  I commented that the decor was excellent and the noise level was perfect.  The other restaurants in this group are always very noisy.  Barbuzzo, Lolita, Bud & Marilyn's so it was an enjoyable date night out with my wife.Would definitely come back next time we are in town. The red sangria was great; Manchego croquetas were good but small serving size (as expected since it's a "small plate"). Skirt steak and papas Frita were delicious as well.I stopped by here for a drink with Michael G. a few days after opening and I was excited to see that it had a decent crowd for a Tuesday night.  Inside Jamonera there is a great feel - they did a fantastic job with the lighting and the decor.  I ordered the Sangria and Michael had a glass of Spanish red.  We perused the menu and planned our next meal while chatting with the friendly bar staff.  Will definitely be back to try the food!Arrived right in time for our 7 pm reservations, and were promptly seated. Service was impeccable from that point on - our waitress was attentive, but not overly so. Paced dishes well. Remembered to check on our drinks. Cracked a cute joke and made us feel comfortable. 5 stars for service! 
Atmosphere is dark & loud... getting used to this in Philly. I tend to wish the noise level was SLIGHTLY lower in most restaurants (to allow for easy conversation), but that seems to be the norm. I liked the murals (?) on the walls, the colors, and I agree that although it's small, it's not quite Barbuzzo small. 4 stars for atmosphere. (On a side note - a great date location... saw a number of them there tonight!)
On to the FOOD... We had the: 
Figs & Chorizo. With balsamic and some kind of crumbly cheese and grapes and crusty grilled bread. VERY good - especially as soon as I realized that the sauce was DELICIOUS and wanted to sop it all up. 4 stars. 
Fried Goat Cheese. Probably my favorite dish... complex, light, green, citrusy. Really yummy. 4.5 stars.
Chef's Board (w/blue cheese, pork rillette and... one add'l cheese and meat). This was good, but not mind blowing. We left some of the rillette (although none of the cheese!).  The "Nutella" spread was a little out of place (although very good). Not the best (nor worst) board I've had - and probably is paling in comparison to Barbuzzo's charcuterie plate, which I had a week ago. 3 stars. 
Grilled Octopus. Yes, I'm a fan of octopus. This was *perfectly* cooked - tender, tasty, slightly charred. The garnishes were good. Overall, I suppose it lacked a bit of seasoning. 4 stars. 
There were a BUNCH of other dishes that I would order! And their dessert menu looked interesting (churros, yum!). Drinks/wine were excellent. Overall, a solid, pleasant experience and an impressive dinner for an out of town (and out of country) guest!I was so excited for this place to open.  We went in tonight hoping to relive Barcelona. Ok, maybe that was too much... Regardless, in the end, we were a bit disappointed.  
Our determination to find an awesome Spanish restaurant in the area continues...
First, the service was great.  We even had a chance to speak to one of the owners for a bit.  The decor was modern and simple...we couldn't remember what Bindi used to look like inside.
Food - we looooved the medjool dates, pumpkin croquettes and warm honey cake.
The rest were pretty good but we were overwhelmed by salt overall.  That took away from the experience a lot.
We also got the Pig's tail a la plancha (you won't know it's Pig's tail!)
avocado/orange/fennel/salt cod salad (very refreshing!!!) 
Hericot verts/snap pea salad (different...)
crispy rice (yummy but soooo salty)
Manila clams with short pasta (similar to the shrt pasta paella)
papa frita (their version of patatas bravas but we missed the traditional spicy aioli)
Shishito peppers (I know it wasn't pepper from Spain but these were waxy and thick - no good).
Oh, and Shortbread with honey/almonds/cheese.  Pretty good also.
So...yes, we love tapas and Spanish food, but no this wasn't our favorite tapas meal.
However, they did just open :)What hasn't already been said ...hmmm ...order the side of griddled bread! Seriously, it's only $2 and is salty-crispy-fantastic.
My wife loved the salad with fried goat cheese and raved about the scallops, she gives both 5 full stars. I tried the salad and agree with her generous rating. As for the scallops, I can't say because I'm allergic. (sigh)
I ordered the anchovies (4 stars) and loved the way they balanced out the saltiness with bright flavors. The star of my night was the foie gras (5 stars), rich and decadent. Honestly, it was a steal at only $12 - you just don't find foie dishes this good at that price. I followed the server's recommendation and had a glass of sherry with the foie gras, but I probably would go red wine next time instead. Not the server's fault as she let me try it first, but that sherry was sooo strong.
I'd give nearby sister restaurants Barbuzzo and Lolita a slight edge over Jamonera, but that's just splitting hairs. Jamonera is certainly five star great.Excellent.  Went during Restaurant Week.  Everything was fantastic.  Had the skirt steak and the caraspulla (sp.?) rice.  This more than compensates for the nasty Rest. Week meal we had at St. Tropez.Really great place for tapas. I came here with my boyfriend and another couple and we shared 5 small plates and 1 paella entree. We left feeling full but not too stuffed. The cocktails were really good, especially the Bizet, which has passion fruit juice. I really liked the veggie platter and the bacon wrapped dates.I am a huge fan of sangrias and I was so excited to try Jamonera's. I was more eager to try it after the bartender told me their sangria is "specially good" when he saw me contemplating what to get between the sangria and a cocktail. When I got the red sangria with a friend, I was very disappointed. It had no sweetness to it at all whatsoever, and if I have to choose a word to describe the taste, it would better or sour. It actually made me think if the sangria pitcher I saw the bartender take out of a small fridge was a few days old...
However! the small plates we got were amazingly good. The restaurants located around 13th and sansom never let me down when it comes to food!   My friend and I shared the 
-Pan Con Tomate: if you are a fan of bread with healthy vegges and don't mind having no meat, go for it. The dish itself is so simple it's full of flavor from the tomatoes and garlic roasted bread. 
-Brussel sprouts (can't remember the name):I can'at say more than.. just go try it. Full of fresh flavor as well. not too greasy and not salty. 
-Albondigas: basically meatballs with ibores cheese and gooooood sauce. You will never find a sauce like this w/ meatballs. 
I definitely recommend trying the food at Jamonera. I will go back for the big entrees next time. I actually wanat to try the sangria again to see if I went on a "bad" day.. but. oh yes, they have a Spanish beer (can't remember the name...) that was not hoppy and not too heavy tasting. Will def go back for this beer! 
Make sure you make a reservation on the weekends. We were lucky to get 3 seats at the bar  just in timeStopped in for a drink and an app with the Mrs. after the Christmas Village.  She had the Levante (tequila-based) and it was fantastic.  I had the Viejo (bourbon-based)...it's made with Jim Beam, but I could not tell!  Nice spot, food looks good, we had the Papa Frita for a nosh and it was incredible!To celebrate 5 1/2 years and 1 year until our wedding *gasp*, my fiance and I made reservations at Jamonera because gosh darnit, I love Spanish tapas. It was technically Restaurant Week, but after looking over the menus I said no way and we ordered off of the regular menu, which was a far better call.
We were celebrating, so obviously drinks were necessary - my fiance got the Alhambra cocktail ("very generous" were his first words, and then no I couldn't have a sip :P ), while I decided there was no way to pass up an opportunity to try 3 different sherries, which was a terrific decision once our food came out. Our server graciously gave us a teeny bowl of olives and Spanish almonds while we waited for food, which we needed to tame growling stomachs. Food came out two at a time, so no overcrowding our table:
LANCASTER PIG EGG (deviled farm egg, romesco, crispy pig belly): wow delicious, the warm, smoky pig belly was heavenly atop the creamy eggs. Best deviled egg my fiance has ever had (and I may have to agree). The romesco was also delicious, but hard to eat with the egg sadly
WARM MEDJOOL DATES (stuffed with valdeon, wrapped in serrano ham,
piquillo-almond sauce, shaved celery-apple salad): so freaking delicious, best dates I've ever had, BUT extremely rich, I could only eat 1 and it came with 3. The salad was a nice, bright contrast
I had a manzanilla sherry with that first course - its amazing how much the food changes the taste of each sherry. Very light and dry, relatively drinkable on its own but way better with stuffed dates
SALT ROASTED BEETS (shaved sunchokes, toasted sunflower seeds, cabrales): a really delicious, light plate, the beets just melt they're so tender
PULPO A LA PARILLA (grilled spanish octopus, fingerling potato,
fennel-orange salad, castelventrano olives, pickled chorizo): when Yelp says it's good, who am I to argue? Seriously tender octopus, but it wasn't our favorite dish of the evening (and my fiance didn't like the amount of salt he got in his first two bites - I didn't think it was too salty)
I had an almontadillo with those two dishes, which was a truly delicious sherry with a slightly nutty flavor
LUCIO'S DIRTY EGG ("pringa style" braised shortrib, spanish fried farm egg,
chistorres chorizo, house made sherry vinegar-hot sauce): one of the best dishes of our evening, the shortrib is super tender, but it is a VERY hearty dish and one that, maybe with only a vegetable dish, I personally could call a meal. We were STUFFED after that.
My final sherry was an oloroso, which was PERFECTION with our last dish. If you're going to be ordering a lot of meat/pork dishes, go with an oloroso sherry.
There was no way we could order dessert after all of that food, but we didn't mind too much because it was a really good meal. Service was fine but Restaurant Week can throw a wrench in things and at least it wasn't bad, no mix-ups and thankfully water is on each table. So glad we didn't do the RW menu because our food cost only $43 (not including taxes), and our drinks were $30! Paid less, got to order exactly what we wanted, and had a wonderful experience. We will have to come back to try the other dishes we missed.That time you go out for Spanish tapas with a group, and after every bite look at each other with eyes that say "oh my god!"  Loved all the small, relatively authentic Spanish dishes.  The pain con tomate is just perfection.Aye yi yi, where to start...
I don't like tapas. 
They are too small, too delicate, and tease my appetite like the popular girl in HS that is nice to you only so she can cheat off your biology exam (I'm looking at you Kelly). So when I found myself sitting at the bar at Jamonera waiting for a table I was less than thrilled.   
My buddy and I ordered two Osborne Bulls which was a Makers Mark and 4 exotic ingredients. It tasted like a $12 whiskey and cola... not impressed. I knew it, I was another victim of the trendy tapas joint.
Upon sitting our waitress reviewed the menu with us. This chick knew what she was doing, she had a personal take on every dish we pointed at, recommended several others, and gave us some updates on a few dishes that had just been updated. Hmmm, what's going on here, was she thawing my icy curmudgeon brain grapes??  
We started with Pig's tail a la Plancha, Calamari la Plancha, and the Gambas al Ajillo. I took one bite of the pigs tail and almost started break dancing. It was smokey, sweet, and a bit crispy. Who cares if it take two bites to finish, I can get more, I can get more. The garlic shrimp sat on top of what I assume was ambrosia, it was amazing as well (but I don't exactly know what it was). The Calamari la Plancha was a tough pick because there are several options of squid but I can't imagine any of them better than this. It was baked to perfection, no chewiness just an incredible flavor that melted in your mouth.
As to not get too wordy the other dishes we got were:
HUEVOS SUCIOS DE LUCIO 
HOUSE GROUND MERGUEZ SAUSAGE 
FOIE Y SETAS 
Each dish was just as good as the first three. I seriously couldn't believe how good everything was. I can't imagine anything on the menu not being primo.  We finished our meals off with some double milk stouts and when I left believe it or not I was full.We decided to try this place out for our anniversary. It's a venue itself is quite small but it makes up for it with its decor and cozy atmosphere. 
Big FYI:this is a tapas style restaurant so make sure to order enough plates to satisfy your hunger. Even the paella and entrées were smaller than expected and probably not worth the price.
In terms of food, I really wanted to love it but it was just ok. Nothing was bad but very few things blew me away unfortunately and that's why I have to give it only 3 stars.I went on a Thursday night, late around 10:30 PM with a friend of mine. At this time of night you will not need a reservation however I can see this place getting packed as it is not very big.
The food was very good, out of the five items I had only one of them really stood out. The albondigas were just so delicious and moist and cheese filled and the bread and the sauce that came with it were divine and delicious. I had the grilled octopus which was nice however if you are going with someone who is not well-versed in seafood I would refrain from ordering it. 
The best thing I had tonight was their drink called "la primavera." It had Gin and a wonderful citrus summer flavor. 
I am giving it a four out of five stars because it was definitely a wonderful experience, between the food and the wait staff and the drinks, however it wasn't anything that blew me out of the water.This place was open for a couple years before I got to it. Won't be a couple years before I'm back again.  Loved everything I had. Kind of pricey, but nice date spot.
Awesome food. One of the best tapas spots out bro.Sat outside with a group of friends for quick drinks and apps. I like their menu, but I also dislike their menu. There's just SO much stuff on it! You'd spend almost an hour reading everything and trying to decide what to get. I settled on the watermelon and jamon. We also shared a sangria, but it was BAD. It tasted like a small pitcher of watcher with a splash of wine, and tiny pieces of apple. I wasn't a fan of the sangria here. 
The service was very nice though and the little app that I had was very good, but I would like to come back to give it a real try with entrees. 3 stars it is for now.Overall, a good experience. The staff was attentive and provided solid recommendations (namely, everything on the menu). We went with the Warm Medjool dates (4 bacon wrapped dates) which provided a great mix of sweetness and salt. The Vegetable Tapas Board also provided a tasty mix of greens. The Pan Seared Bronzino was delicious and provided the most bang for your buck by portion. The Albondigas (meatballs) were huge and very flavorful. 
All in all, a good quiet spot for groups or dates with candlelight inside and a patio outside, good selection of food, and good service in a great location in the city.I was really excited when I received the email blast from Jamonera on Monday June 20th about their new happy hour specials. I was already planning to meet two friends for happy hour on Tuesday June 21st, and the tapas and drink specials looked right up our alley. I had never been before, and Jamonera's status on the Philly mag top 50 list intrigued me.
First off, compliments to the chef - the food and cocktails were delicious. We tried all of the happy hour tapas- my favorite was the croquettes (because who doesn't love a little fried ball of meat and cheesy goodness?). One of my companions loved the steak pinchos- they are slightly Korean barbecue inspired, which was unexpected. The tortilla espanola was delicious- amazing smoky flavor, but the presentation was a little off. Tapas should really be finger or toothpick foods that are easily shared, and this was presented more like a slice of quiche that we needed to use forks to cut up. The papas fritas were what you would expect of a potato, the sauce was good.
To drink we had a white sangria, a red sangria, and the levante cocktail. All exceptional recipes- the smoked chili honey in the levante gives it more of a kick than you would expect. I liked it.
So it's  a 2 star review because we sat at the bar (which only seats about 12-15 people) and had this bartender with THE WORST attitude I've had to deal with in a long time. When we sat down, it took so long to get menus that I just pulled up the menu on my cell phone instead and we read from that. The restaurant was busy, but steady busy, not crazy busy. And it's a small restaurant. The poor bar back would try to help the bartender, and he would just snap at him, "No I don't need your help." So the back would stand awkwardly off to the side trying not to get in the way. As he worked, the bartender huffed and puffed and grumbled to let everyone at the bar know that he doesn't like his job and he did not want to be there. At one point he looked at the customers and kind of raised his arms and then flapped them down letting out an audible sigh of discontent. Sort of like a 7 year old who doesn't feel like doing homework. My favorite moment: He finally took our order. I had watched him just make 2 levante cocktails about 2 feet away from my seat. I said "I think I'll have the levante- is that what you were just making?" he sighed, rolled his eyes and stammered "uhhh... I'm making alot of things." and then immediately walked away. 
So the food and cocktails tasted great- but I won't be returning because there is nothing worse than being served by someone who is burnt out on the industry.First timer over here! Sat at the bar, bartender was cool, especially with his tattoo that said "tattoo."! Lol 5 minutes left of happy hour so I ordered the goat cheese balls, those were delicious! And a drink, was pretty drunk already so I don't remember what he made me but it was good! Loved it here, will be back again!!My friend and I were looking for a place to eat downtown for happy hour and decided to try out Jamonera for the first time.  We were happy to have a not-so crowded place to sit outside.  We got some papa fritas and goat cheese croquetas to share.  The portions are miniature so it felt expensive, even though it was only $5 each.  Despite this, both were very tasty and I really loved their house hot sauce.  The drinks were reasonably priced for happy hour and were very tasty.  (We got the white sangria and I got one of happy hour cocktails.)  Overall it's a little pricier/fancier than what I prefer/can afford but it was overall a good experience. Very friendly and attentive wait staff.  I wouldn't rule out going again but it wouldn't be my first pick.The staff for me was the most off-putting-  the host only pointed the way for us to take a spot at the bar though there were open tables, the bartender who took our food order was barely cordial nor later took much interest in our satisfaction, a waitress for a nearby table roughly jolted my stool while passing without any acknowledgement of probably disturbing me, and their luxury-priced jamon Iberico was mostly hacked fatty shards instead of thin meaty slices like I've enjoyed in Spain.Went here with a group of friends the other night, and would you believe it, the guy from Mythbusters was behind the bar serving us. Spending that many seasons figuring out what germs were on a toilet seat or what a dead pig would do to a car must have really burnt him out because he was pretty miserable. He also clearly forgot the science behind mixing overpriced cocktails. I can imagine 16 seasons with a guy who's mustache and ego are bigger than the liquor selection here could do a number on you. The second star is for the cute chick working with him. She is a pro at polishing glasses and slinging out copious amounts of stink eye.
Can't wait to go back!Meh.  We had an OK dinner at Jamonera.  We each had a cocktail, and we had about 5 plates, including couple of salads, including the asparagus, and the hanger steak.  I thought everything was good, but not great.  All the sauces and dressings felt heavy (like our salad was over dressed).  I kept trying to cut pieces of the steak that hadn't touched the sauce.  The service was fine, though we had to remind our server to bring our last plate.  So it wasn't a bad meal, but it also wasn't great.  Meh.Dark, sexy, and minimalist-rustic decor. 
went on a Thursday at 9PM, so nice and chill
Recommend: 
the calamari en su tinto ---crispy and smoky flavor. nice to share. 
sea scallops---good, but nothing too interesting. it is accompanied with a few pieces of pork belly and topped with uni butter. we liked the mashed fava beans. 
pig tail--surprisingly meaty! but also fatty. but nice, crispy fat--the kind most don't mind eating. it is served atop a grilled slice of bread....and there are 2 people so perfect for 2 people! 
Spanish Doughnuts for dessert--fried  dough rarely fails. yumm. comes with dulce de leche dipping sauce (garnished with sea salt). Goes great with a cappuccino. 
and sangria sorbet---quite interesting, but nothing out of this world. yet still enjoyable. it is very sweet. and moderately alcoholic. 
the table next to us had an order of the garlic shrimp and skirt steak---both these dishes were bigger and looked delicious. 
I am definitely going back for more.Friends and I love this spot.  Have enjoyed sitting outside sampling dishes for late lunch/early dinner.  Food is OMG yummy! as is the white sangria.  To dine inside reservations are required and the book in advance quickly unless you hit it at an odd time & get lucky with an opening.We loved the diversity of the small plates. We had goat cheese salad, grilled shrimp, skirt steak, and scallops with chorizo, with eggplant fries on the side. My cocktail, called a Bizet, to start the evening, was divine--passion fruit purée!  My fav!  All of the small plates offered up a variety of wonderful flavors in every bite. I am only giving this great little spot four stars because we received a plate of chorizo, which should have been in the scallop dish, after we had finished our meal. I would expect better from one of their restaurants. But we will return. The restaurant is small and intimate with a lovely vibeI came here for this past restaurant week with a few of my friends. There were a lot of choices and we each found multiple things that we wanted to share. The food was very decadent and we were all pleased with our meals. They have an eclectic cocktail list and they were all also very good. We started the meal with the white bean puree and manchego cheese. They were delicious. For the entrees, I think the meatballs were by far the best. The bread pudding is also very good. I however did not feel the food was as "spanish" as I would have liked. I will have to go back at a time that it is not restaurant week to try it out more!If I could call myself any sort of sassy or seductive, this is where I would want to go on many ill-intentioned first dates. The ambiance is great for late night drinks. There's a sweet little selection of tapas, some of which are even veg-friendly. It's dark enough, definitely. The bartenders were really funny.
The first and last time I went here, the sangria made me and my date sick for the entire next day. Can't wait to come back and, uh, not drink the sangria.The warm tones and tight quarters of this small dimly-lit tapas bar help transport you directly to Spain as you are made to feel you have wandered into a quaint bodega off a Spanish street. The staff are friendly & knowledgable about the menu and able to help guide you toward delicious bites, although substitution/alterations might be difficult. The food itself is both creative & flavorful and the Spanish-centric wine & beverage list complement the menu perfectly. This is a great spot for a romantic evening out with someone special.I don't have words for how good this was..amazing...awesome...rapturous? It was so good so good so good! Ridiculously good...Every small plate had a multitude of flavors that left us trying to guess the layers and subtleties ..pumpkin croquettes on a puree of pumpkin seeds and brown butter is something you might give up your first born for!......and the house made hot sauce vinegar - now how can you get excited about vinegar? well go and try it on the fried potatoes and you will be amazed - From the charred intense meatiness of the steak to a "wet your pants" bread pudding it was an intense and incredible meal..If the lights had been a little lower we would have licked the plates and smuggled the vinegar out as we reluctantly went home! ..and this was a restaurant week menu...so much food and we eat it all..we shouldn't have eaten it ALL but we couldn't help ourselves..it was the sort of food you dream about.  The only down part was the aggressively loud "know it all" woman to  our left...when the tables are this close you are left at the mercy of your neighbors..and this one had no mercy..but seeing as you can't order your table neighbors with the food I guess it can happen anywhere....Go there NOW you will not regret it...Can I come with you?!I wanted to try Jamonera because Michele C. and Luba P. recommended it, it's on 13th Street where I never had anything below 4 stars, it's close to the Academy of Music for a pre-show dinner, and I am a big fan of Marcie Turney.
We tried the tasting menu which had more than enough food.  I was stuffed and thus no room for dessert. :-(  The fried artichokes with a lemon creme fraiche, so beautiful, fried perfectly on the outside while retaining the solid artichoke flavor was a highlight of the starters.  The roasted beets salad, the shrimp, the tuna tartare, all memorable small plates.  Everything else of the 10 small plate courses was very good also.  The flavors of all of the dishes were distinct and complimentary, ingredients fresh and flavorful.  I was pleasantly pleased with everything but the service, which was a little spotty, having to chase down the server for drink refills, to remove some of the completed dishes from the table, the check...
It's definitely a place I will return, cozy in this tight space, a nice relaxed bar, an appetizing drink menu, and excellent presentation and preparation of eats from the kitchen.This place is awesome and I cannot wait to go back. Decor is cozy and the location couldn't be better when it comes to great restaurants. The place looks larger on the outside, but is intimate and well decorated inside. 
I had a couple glasses of Cabernet which was fine.   Good wine, slightly chilled which is actually how it should be served. I personally drink my red wine at room temperature, but technically "room temp" is actually slightly cooled. Whatever, enough pretentiousness.
The key thing of note was the cheese and meat board that I had. Jamón ibérico is this Spanish ham that is basically fed acorns (among other things). Apparently there was (or is) an issue with importing this into the US which makes it pretty rare. I don't know why pigs would eat acorns, but when they do it makes them more tasty than usual.  So this place has this special ham and they include it on their meat and cheese plate which was absolutely amazing.
I ordered the board with this acorn fed ham, blue cheese and some dairy cheese (they didn't have a specific name). It came with a fig preserve, a horse radish mustard, smoked almonds and crusty bread. This was one of the better boards I have ordered and worked well with the wine. To be honest, eating this ham was the highlight of the night as I have been going on and on about it for a couple years now. 
So in summary, go to this place. Try the iberian ham as it is a delicacy and delicious. Great for happy hour or dinner. I am 100% going back and will try all the rest of the dished. Just from looking at the menu I can tell I will love it.Unusually good range of choices for a spanish place including plenty of veggie options. There were some larger plates like paella and scallops to choose from, as well as the more traditional small plates. The thing that made it tricky is the dishes were all different sizes - the crab croquettes were four balls so tiny we ended up ordering 3 portions between 5, yet the aubergine fries were giant. Service is also spanish style - unhurried: dishes come out as and when they're ready so arrive too hungry otherwise it will take you a while to fill up. Plates vary in price from around the $10 mark, up to nearer $30 for the paella (good for around 3/4 as a side). Honourable mention to the cocktails - the Bizet was one of my favourite I've had and reasonably priced at $9. For 5 people including 20% tip the check came to a little over $200.After living in Spain it had been difficult to find authentic food here.  This place however had a really good menu. I gave them a four because the service was not the best. The waitress was very friendly, but they were having a hard time handling the busy night. Overall I would definitely go back for their great menu!Just came here the other night for dinner. Love how the menu is broken into different sections.  We tried to order a few things from each.  We really loved each dish and how unique each one was.  The spanish breakfast was awesome. The octopus and calamari were also awesome.  Great tapas place to go on a date night or with friends to try a whole bunch of amazing plates.   The meat and cheese board is also a must.  Hard to say anything negative about this place.I had a great dinner at Jamonera the other night.  I love the ambiance/coziness of the place.  The croquettes and the stuffed dates were phenomenal -- definitely my favorite dishes of the evening.  We also had a delicious cheese board, the pigs tail sandwiches, the calamari in squid ink, and the shrimp with brandade on grilled bread.  The pigs tail was tasty, but not necessarily a standout.  The calamari had a nice smokey flavor, and the shrimp was a really nice dish.  We finished with the spanish donuts, which were excellent.  Unfortunately, I was so full from all of our other dishes that i could barely touch them!  Definitely recommend.Everything was great.  I wasn't sure how it would be because I went here on a whim (well, sort of, form the top 50 restaurants list in philly mag), but boy was I impressed.  AWESOME waitress, AWESOME food, AWESOME dessert, AWESOME wine.  We had the butternut squash croquettes, mushroom/truffle bruschetta, eggplant fries, steak, and scallops (it was our vday dinner, don't judge) and everything was phenomenal. For dessert I had the ricotta pound cake, and the thought of it is making my mouth water as we speak.
Definitely try Jamonera if you are on the fence, you will NOT be dissapointed.
AndreaThe ambience of the place is intimate and cozy, however when we we were walking in people were walking out complaining. Apparently they had been standing there for 10 minutes and because they didn't have a reservation were not getting paid attention to. I started off with the sangria, which was just ok. It was fall inspired but slightly tasteless. The cheese and meat plate was great, however the brusslesprouts and octopus were mediocre. Thy both were incredibly salty and the octopus was over cooked. The short ribs were delicious. I was expecting a lot more from the reviews, so I am hoping to give it one more shot.This was a solid place.  They servers were great and courteous.   It's tapas styles with small plates.  I did like my food and this place is defintiely worth checking out but comparatively to simliar places in the city I don't think it would beat them out.Wonderful! The timing combined with the awesome special they were having led me to an amazing experience the leaves me eager to come back again.
We made a 5:00 reservation on a Wednesday, and my man and I were the only people in the place for the majority of our meal. I don't think I'd like this place so much at 7:30 on a Friday; it is pretty tight quarters. But not a problem on this lovely Wednesday.
Came for the special sherry pairings dinner. 7 courses, specifically designed for two people to share, each paired with a different sherry. (Last course actually came with 2 sherrys, so 7 courses and 8 sherrys total.) One word: amazing. Just the service alone is enough to make me want to come back. Our server, the sweetest blonde woman, was SO knowledgeable of every food and every sherry, I was actually floored by how much knowledge she could retain without getting sherries that all looked the same mixed up.
For food we had:
-Oysters
-Calamari
-Pumpkin croquettes
-Rabbit
-Pork Belly
-Goat cheese salad
-Cheese & plum board
Everything was spectacular. Every course it was like "wait, no, THIS is my favorite now". Everything had unique flavor, and the combinations of ingredients in every course was so on-point, like the contrast of the fried goat cheese with the crispy nuts and arugula greens... It was a party in my mouth, course after course.
 For only $65 a person, it was a spectacular deal for such a good meal. (if you're sad you missed this... get on the email list, that's how I found out.) I cannot wait to come back and try the regular menu.Yum. Loved this restaurant. This is one of the first times in a long time that we have found a restaurant that had incredible food . It was well-prepared, creative as hell and used combinations of flavors that were imaginative and worked. Jess was our server and she was a true professional and friendly. Just the right combination as was everyone else who worked there. This is a go-back-to-restaurant. We went early before it got noisy, but next time, I am going to try a sherry as that is their specialty. 
The only small complaints I have were that the sauces were so tasty, they don't give you any bread to mop it up with nor spoons to get the last morsel. Although it's a Spanish tapas place, I think this is far more creative than the typical fried calamari thrown on a plate so go there even if tapas aren't your thing. This is a unique Philadelphia experience. Yay, finally a restaurant I can go back to!Direct quote from my boyfriend, "This is one of the best meals I've had!" And he had already started planning when we could make a return visit to Jamonera, before we even left the restaurant.
I've been wanting to try Jamonera after seeing Lindsay McClain win Chopped a few weeks ago. One of the judges called her dish "beyond reproach," so I had high expectations. And I was not disappointed.
My boyfriend and I shared the Papa Frita, which came with a homemade sherry-vinegar hot sauce that we could not get enough of. We also had the Crabmeat-Manchego Croquettes, the Seared Scallops, and the Mixta Paella, all were good, but I really enjoyed the Pork Belly that came with the Scallops. The Boyfriend really liked the paella. For dessert, we shared the Bunuelos, and it was the perfect end to an AMAZING meal. The Boyfriend, who has admitted to not being a fan of sweets and desserts, INHALED these warm little spanish donuts. 
Definitely deserved the win on Chopped and now they have our sincerest patronage.I have been there twice so far. Once for day time snacking and once I went there for weekend prefix. 
Prefix was definitely good deal. We get to try various dishes and they were not very crowded.
I really enjoyed my visit during the day time. Not many people come to that place during weekday daytime so it's very quite and you can chat with friends with good snack and drink. It wasn't the best tapas I have ever had but decent.Exquisitly crafted food. Love this place. The sherry tasting is a must expertly picked to meet the tastes of the food you have been aerved. Simply the best churro. Friendly staff. Love eating outdoors here in nice weather. Cant say enough good things about this restaurantFood is ok, but I felt like I payed too much for it. And small plates  are usually small and overpriced in most places. The sangria was average. Meh, probably wont be coming back.My husband and I ate here with a friend while visiting Philly, to get a taste of the city before we moved here. Their papa frita and paella mixta, so much flavor, I want more! I drank a levante, which was similar to a margarita, with a twist. You can't drink just one! We'll be back again.If you're in the mood for a food orgasm (who isn't??) come here! I'm not joking, we ordered 7 different plates (which I will elaborate on later) and every single bite sent my taste receptors on a wild adventure full of erotic aromas and beautiful flavors. Am I going over board? Hell no. Seriously this place is sinful! Okay enough of equating the food to a sexcapade. Lets get to the food before things get out of control. 
Medjool Dates: Bacon wrapped dates. Sweet and savory executed perfectly.
Buttnernut Squash Croquettes: Super hot. you'll burn your top palate so eat carefully. But delicious nonetheless. 
Mushroom Flat Bread: Mushrooms are fresh and there is this very nice green spread on the flatbread that complements the mushrooms perfectly. 
Shrimp dish: My personal favorite. The shrimp was amazingly fresh, a little spicy but had a nice smokiness to it. F'n Awesome
Scallops: cut a piece of scallop and eat it with the lemony radish and the frothy sauce and believe me, you'll feel the O-face coming on. 
Shortribs: Sweet potato puree + meat that melts in your mouth. Do the math, it equals heavenly. 
Creme Brulee: it comes with ice cream. Enough said.I find this place absolutely delicious. My most memorable dish was the scallops, which I got all to myself as I dined with two vegetarians. The tapas style lends itself to experiencing twenty-plus different tastes in one meal. You probably will not be full by the end of your dinner, though, unless you show up with a fat wallet. Be prepared to pay at least $10 a glass for the cheapest wine, as it all seems to be imported from Spain. I'd recommend making reservations early in the week because this place is packed nightly. I'll definitely head back with some meat eaters when I get the chance.
Little known secret is there are happy hour specials after 10pm Sunday through Thursday. $3 beer, $4 sangria, $5 wines and $2 tapas bites. This might be the best way to explore such a fantastic restaurant if you're on a budget.Definitely a highlight of our trip was finding this place.   We ordered a bottle of wine and had a cheese and meat board, and then some tapas.  Honesty every bit was amazing and the perfect highlight to a fun day in the city.   The place is local and small and unique... just what we wanted.   We had the mushroom flatbread, meatballs which were roasted and stuffed with cheese, and roasted shrimp with cornbread croutons.   Love this place.  Only regret was not getting dessert!I waited to check out this place after my recent trip to Spain. After having authentic (both restaurant and home made) Spanish tapas, I feel that now I have some bases for my reviews on restaurants which serve Spanish tapas as they claim. 
We stopped by here on a weekday evening. Since it's during restaurant week, all the tables are reserved by restaurant week crowded. But we were happy with grabbing two seats by the bar. 
I started with a glass of 2010 Monastrell which is quite different from a lot of Spanish red I have had. The first sip was full of fruity flavors and the after taste was on a sweet end but rich. Definitely a well-balanced wine that goes well with red meat and saucy food. 
We decided to skip the cheese boards because they all look pretty common and you can find those at a much cheaper price on Reading Terminal or any decent supermarket. 
For food, we picked up a few standard.
1. Tortilla Espanola (Spanish omelet): Very different from what I was expecting. It's much less mushy than the Spanish omelet I had in Spain and parts of it tasted undercooked. The part that threw me off a little was that they put some kind of garlic aioli sauce on top of the omelet. Why? It shouldn't have needed the sauce. I want the taste of egg and potato to be highlighted, not a mouthful of creamy sauce. 
2. Shishito Peppers: it was definitely my lucky night! I kept getting those hot spicy ones. They were fine for what it is.
3. Pulpo a la Parilla (grilled octopus): this dish is a much complicated version than the simple grilled octopus. The use of parsley and fennel was clever, but it cannot hide the fact that the octopus is not as tender as it could be. 
4. Albondigas (meatballs): They are okay meatballs but I do like the tomato jamon sauces they were soaked in.
It was an average meal overall. With the amount of money it costs us, I don't think it justifies for the average execution and quality of ingredients. It makes me miss Spain more and reminds me of the essentials of Spanish cuisine. If you can cook with those fresh seafood and ingredients, you won't need to use much sauce to bring up the flavors of the dish. The simplicity sometimes could be as well the hardest thing to achieve.When at Jamonera last night for my first visit, I learned that it was restaurant week, which I will return to enjoy. This time, however, I chose the Happy Hour menu. And happy it was, with Doug, the bartender, guiding me in my choice of beverage (the Bizet) and tapas. He was right regarding both. Another great restaurant by Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran.I liked Jamonera, but not as much as I liked Amada. The food was good, but maybe not the price point. Nothing really truly stood out to me. The best flavored dish was the octopus. Paps fritas were nothing special, and the hot sauce wasn't all that. The cana de caba was quite good. Albondigas were OK. I guess I wasn't as charmed, especially because Amada just so much better in comparison.I made a reservation for Jamonera at 6.30pm on a Friday - there weren't any free reservations between then and 9pm. It was pretty crowded when I got there, especially since it was quite a small (but cosy place).
My friend and I got two small plates and two large ones to share:
- Papa frita: the potatoes came piping hot, which is always a plus! I especially enjoyed the house made sherry vinegar hot sauce, which was more sweet than spicy. It complemented the saltiness of the potatoes perfectly.
- Warm Medjool dates: the best dish of the night! It was stuffed with valdeon (a strong blue cheese, but not too overpowering) and wrapped in smoked bacon. The dates were sweet and plump, and the bacon is, well, bacon. Always delicious, and grilled with crisp edges. I would go back just for this!
- Grilled octopus: two big tentacles of pulpo, yum! It was chewy - just the right texture. However, the sauteed peppers and onions that accompanied the dish was a little plain
- Skirt steak: the steak came medium, which is what we requested for. Props to Jamonera for that, because usually, if we ask for medium rare, it would be closer to medium well. Other than that, the steak wasn't anything extraordinary. The fingerling potatoes were well done, with the skin coming off easily with a bite.
The service was a tad bit slow, as my friend and I waited about 15 minutes in between the small and large plates. We didn't mind much though, since we were catching up.
Overall, it was a pleasant experience at Jamonera! The dates were amazing and I would come back for it, but everything else didn't blow me away.Jamonera
105 S 13th St, Philadelphia, PA 19107 (215) 922-6061  jamonerarestaurant.com/
Marcie Turney & Valerie Safran's Spanish wine bar on 13th Street in Center City, Philadelphia.
With a nice al fresco dining area, many patrons that evening chose to dine outside, but of course since I wanted shots of the restaurant exterior, I declined an outside table. And the view inside was nothing to sneeze at either:
Look at that marvelous wood grating that serves as the ceiling.  A well stocked bar lit by bright LEDs makes this at once a hip and modern place.  A pseudo-Picasso painting adorns the wall and keeps nicely with the "red" theme of the restaurant.
Loved the wooden tables and chairs.  Candles were a nice touch.  
To start, I ordered this delicious gin based cocktail - La Primavera (Spanish for spring). It is composed of gin, honey, fresh lime, cardamom, and black pepper. Briefly: sweet with some spice. It was garnished nicely with a flower denoting a "spring" theme to the drink. Cardamom is of course a spice native to India with a unique flavor and aroma that is hard to put into words. It defies the boundaries of normal sensory comparisons. It is compellingly strong, yet delicate; sweet, yet powerful; with an almost eucalyptus freshness.
Food is served family style: that is, it is brought out as soon as it's ready and set in the center of the table for people to share. Hence with each course, you are given a new round of small plates. With this is mind, 4-5 courses is a good, hearty portion for two at Jamonera. To start the evening, we begin with: Local Farm Salad (Gap, PA). Grilled market vegetables, whipped goat cheese, hand torn croutons, lemon-honey vinaigrette.  Loved the lemon-honey vinaigrette. Absolutely delicious.
PAPA FRITA (v) 6 crispy skin potato, wood smoked garlic aioli, brava salt, house made sherry vinegar-hot sauce. It was a bit spicy but not TOO spicy. The garlic aioli was excellent (white sauce in the picture). Aioli or aïoli is a Provençal sauce made of garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, usually egg yolks, and seasonings.  Brava salt is usually made from espresso. A perfect finishing salt for steaks and roasts, it can also be used in rubs and marinades or as a delicious addition to chocolates and desserts.
MUSHROOM COCA (v) 10 sautéed wild mushroom flatbread, urgelia cheese, arugula-almond pesto.  Had a sweet flavor to it colored by urgelia cheese. Urgelia (also called Queso de l'Alt Urgell y la Cerdanya) is semi-soft cows milk cheese made in Alt Urgell and Cerdanay in the Catalonia region of northern Spain. The mixture of the bread, cheese and mushrooms mixed very well with the arugula pesto sauce. Arugula pesto is made with fresh arugula leaves, garlic, olive oil, walnuts, and Parmesan cheese.
BERENJENAS (v) 7 crispy eggplant fries, smoked tomato salmorejo, truffle honey, zamarano cheese. Salmorejo is a purée consisting of tomato and bread, originating from Cordoba in Andalusia, south Spain. It is made from tomatoes, bread, oil, garlic and vinegar. Normally, the tomatoes are skinned and then puréed with the other ingredients. The purée is served cold and may be garnished with diced Spanish serrano ham and diced hard-boiled eggs. Zamorano (Spanish: Queso zamorano) is a sheep's milk cheese made in the province of Zamora, Spain.
PORK TENDERLOIN 15 grilled pork, sugar plum caper chutney, seared fingerlings, arugula. The sugar plum chutney gives the pork a sweet, fruity taste which helps to sweeten the pork.  Pork was tender and the fingerling potatoes balanced the meal.
ALBONDIGAS 10 manchego stuffed meatballs, serrano ham, green olive tapenade, sherry-tomato sauce, grilled baguette. Manchego is a cheese made in the La Mancha region of Spain from the milk of sheep of the manchega breed. The green olive tapenade is a greenish dipping sauce under the baguette which accompanies it quite nicely. Usually it's made with olives, garlic, capers, thyme and olive oil.
SPICED PEAR SORBET 7 rosemary-sea salt shortbread. Excellent shortbread cookies and the sorbet was very tasty as well. It was a nice excellent finish to a great meal.
Of Note:
Spotless restroom facility.  However, there was only 1 bathroom that I could see (it was dark behind the curtains leading to the bathroom).  Would expect a few more toilets for an entire restaurant.  However, it was quite apparent the facility must have been serviced hourly because one could eat off of that toilet seat.Tasty, large tapas and good wine. A little bit overpriced. We sat outside and had a homeless man come ask us to buy him dinner a few times. The waitresses seemed to know him. The inside looked like a great place for a date night (albeit a bit dark), and would help you avoid being solicited during dinner.Visited Jamonera on a friend's recommendation, but was utterly disappointed. 
I have never been to Europe n hence have no knowledge of authentic European cuisines. However I am a connoisseur of good food and this place left a sour taste in my mouth, literally.
From the strawberry bruschetta (they called it something else though) to the meat ball gravy: most dishes were extremely sour. 
The paella was flavorless and the crab croquettes (again they called it something else) had no crab and were basically cheese balls with a hint of mashed potatoes!
Even the drinks were unimpressive and the bar had a bad (read dead drunk) crowd.All I can say is that Jamonera is a wonderful dining experience.  Sure, you will need to make a reservation way in advance.  And sure, it won't be the cheapest meal you've ever eaten.  But, trust me, it'll be spectacular.
First, the location.  Perfectly situated in Center City- close to lots of shopping, bars, and public transportation.  A perfect location for meeting up with friends who live all over the Philly area and the perfect location for making the meal into an entire night out on the town.  Next, the decor/ambiance.  You really do feel like you are in a tiny tapas restaurant in Spain.  It feels cozy and intimate without feeling like you are dining in a cave.  And then we come to the service.  Top Notch.  For sure.  They are extremely helpful in making sure every table's needs are met- especially when it comes to the inevitable question of tapas  "how much/many do we need to order?"  
Now the real reason you eat out:  the food.  I'm just going to list what (I can remember) we ordered because our group of 6 ordered a whole lotta yum yums:
PAPA FRITA- fried potato wedges with a spicy aioli.  The serving size was huge.  A must try
IBERICO HAM CROQUETAS- fried croquettes stuffed with cheese and ham.  They were very delicious.  Not the easiest thing to share.
CALAMARES EN SU TINTA- squid fried in its own ink.  Not one of my favorite dishes- it was a bit salty
CHEF'S BOARD- pretty standard selection of cheeses and meats, with accompaniments.  I thought it was a bit pricy ($17) for what it was.
AGUACATE- avocado salad.  I really enjoyed this one. I liked the mix of the savory avocado and the sweet and sour of the oranges and grapefruit
ALBONDIGAS- meatballs.  These were one of my favorites.  Pretty simple but very very tasty.  Good for sharing.
LUCIO'S DIRTY EGG- shortrib with potatoes on the side and a fried egg on top.  This dish was amazing.  I could of ate the entire dish by myself.
PAN SEARED SKATE- probably my favorite dish.  Fish was cooked perfectly and the rice on the side was crazy good.
BUNUELOS- this was one of our desserts.  It consists of donuts with caramel and chocolate dipping sauces.  Make sure you order enough orders for everyone to get a couple of these donuts.  They were amazing.  
There were a few more dishes that I can't even remember.  Our total damage was about $100 a couple, and that included a few beers/cocktails/glasses of wine for each person.  I think if it was just me and my husband, we could have spent less- maybe $75 total.
I really enjoyed my visit to Jamonera and would recommend it for a date night or a couples get together.  You are guaranteed to have not only a great meal, but an overall great time.  A must-visit for Philadelphia!The attitude of the servers masked the delicious food and overall experience; as I heard them speak their own opinion amongst themselves about our own personal topic of conversation and the way my friend was eating her food and holding the spoon. 
We wanted walk out immediately after we confronted the servers about what they were laughing about, however the talented chefs tremendous efforts on food and how delicious our meal were undeniably the reasons that we stayed till we finished enjoying the food itself. 
If you are looking for a good bistro-esque atmosphere and delicious food, please enjoy without the expectation that you will be respected.Love their late-night weekday happy hour: Sunday-Thursday, 10:30pm-12am. Beer specials, wine specials, sangria specials, food specials.  The $2 deviled eggs are TO DIE FOR.
I'm serious.  Bury me with a Jamonera deviled egg in my mouth.The food was very good at Jamonera. Everything I ordered was flavorful, and thoughtfully presented. The restaurant boasts a truly impressive sherry menu and wine list, and all in all is a nice addition to the 13th St. neighborhood. Service was great, and our waitress was really knowledgeable in regards to the menu. 
Jamonera, however, misses the boat on Spanish tapas. While some of the dishes clearly draw inspiration from (or try to emulate) traditional Spanish preparations, they just get it wrong in terms of authenticity. The ingredients are all there, in many cases, but the flavors and textures as you'll experience them almost anywhere in (southern) Spain are not (the bacon-wrapped dates being a notable exception). Calling some of the dishes a twist on Spanish cuisine even seems to be a bit of a stretch. The dishes, in many cases, were also much too complex to be considered tapas, crowded with unnecessary sides. Sure, the portions were small and shareable, but the comparisons end there. The essence of the tapa, of Spanish cooking, is in its simplicity, something lost at Jamonera where they've tried to cram too many ingredients onto a small plate. 
In sum: really great food, nice ambience, but inauthentic in terms of flavors and concept.The food was delicious and they had great wines by the glass.  Even though they were crowded and we had just walked in the host was super friendly and tried to accommodate us.   The entire experience was stellar.   I do recommend.Words can not explain... amazing... service... amazing if Jess is working ask for her... Food... OMG decadent, savory, Delicious, tasty, wonderfully wonderful... Went late night and tried the Spanish beer, sweet but not overly sweet, great taste, the ink encrusted calamari wow who knew... I just don't know what to say... you need to go there and experience for yourself... I will be returning soon.,..I'm not usually a fan of tapas because I love me some large portions, (leftovers, yay), but I went with a friend and we shared a few things, and we were full at the end... Satisfied...
Upside: All of our plates were yummmmmy... Deviled farm eggs with pork belly... Perfectly cooked scallops... Thinly-sliced lamb loin with pickled raisins... Shrimp with a tomato onion relish... All really great, and what I love is that they were portioned to share. There was 2 of things and 4 of things... I HATE when a tapas restaurant gives you an odd number on your plate when there's two of you. LIKE, WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THIS 3RD SHRIMP, RIGHT?!
Downside: The waitress and staff were a little pretentious. Two people came up to us in the beginning to tell us the hostess would be with us shortly. We kept thinking each person was the hostess, odd. Our waitress suggested that two people usually share six plates. She was obviously trying the upsell, but my friend and I are two thin girls. Let's be realistic, Jamonera... 
Plus, I ordered a wine, and I didn't like it... Granted I should have known a sherry would be bitter, but all the waitress told me was... "Well, we probably won't take it off your bill." Umm, with your prices I think you can afford to take this off my bill. So, I just chugged my $8 in one gulp.
Another gripe - $2 for bread! Seriously? You're going to charge me for bread, lame.
I would like to go back and sit inside this time when it starts to get colder. I hope they realize they are in a prime CC location, and the pretentious attitude is not welcomed.The quality of the drinks, the flavor of the ribs and the mouthwatering dessert I had are the only saving graces for an establishment I otherwise probably would have decided not to visit again.
For one, the service was lacking.  Our server was friendly and chatty, but really backed up even though it didn't seem packed and it was the only restaurant on 13th street on Friday night that still had available outdoor seating during the dinner rush.  It took forever for the drinks to come out (though they were delicious and fresh- I'll give them that.  My white wine sangria was perfectly tart).  Then my 3 friends got their entrees at least 15 minutes before mine.  I understand the paella requires far different preparation than the charcuteria (and 5 minutes would have been forgivable) but for them to be nearly halfway done with their meals before I even get mine is a little frustrating.
And my seafood paella wasn't even really worth the wait.  It was quite tiny for $27 (though still bigger than my friends' tiny entrees) and a lot of the rice was burnt to the bottom of the cast iron skillet, making it chewy and unpleasant to eat.  The rice actually tasted like those $2 yellow saffron Spanish rice packets you can get at the supermarket- not bad by any means, just underwhelming and overly gooey in consistency- not fluffy how I imagined.  The shrimp was the best, but scarce.  There was maybe one singular piece of octopus/calamari.  And the mussels, though there were plenty, were just okay.  I've had better at Devil's Den.  It was mostly just tons of rice heavily laden with spice.
The lemon/goat cheese/crabmeat arranchera appetizer was absolutely delicious- though only 1 ball per person and hardly any crabmeat.  The papas frites were tasty and a more substantial appetizer meant for splitting, so that's redeemable.  The rib entrée was quite possible the tastiest meat I've ever eaten, but again- there were only 3 measly little pieces of rib.
The dessert was heavenly- some type of peanut butter ice cream with a pretzel brittle and a giant toasted marshmallow on top- it was absolutely perfect.
I would maybe come back to try something else since their menu is seasonal, but for the prices I'm not entirely sure it's worth the trip.Food was amazing. Service was great. Streets of Philadelphia atmosphere topped it off.We went here on a girl's night out/ friends' reunion in a group of 4. The place was pricey but very good overall. We ordered the vegetable board, manchego meatballs , bronzino, eggplant fritters, and the paella mixta. Everything but the paella was great, especially the tapas /small plate items. The paella was very mediocre, did not have all the fresh flavors that a good Spanish paella does.Very tasty options - even for a vegetarian like me. The pea and potato croquettes are mind-blowing. I would eat those daily. Was an amazing first bite of so many complex flavors - seemed like lemon and herbs and spices and potato. So yummy. Best thing they do is that! 
Otherwise...too many beets on the menu (I admit, I don't like beets) and a menu that uses words that are so high brow it can make you feel dumb (like i got a flatbread with some cheese I didn't like at all that I wish was better described/ clearer). 
Luckily food was tasty. 
The sorbet dessert was a nice cleansing and light taste.
Service is tight/ harder when busy. Ordering everything up front seemed best, otherwise things get forgotten.Had a couple glasses of sangria here before our dinner reservation at Barbuzzo across the street.  Got a feel for the place which was, well, a lot darker than I expected.  Not at all unpleasant, but almost Spanish inquisition dark.  Maybe that was the point.  Anyway, I'd come back for drinks and maybe some bar bites.  Looked like a nice place to spend a few hours (or more).Avoid at all costs. We went on Sunday night. There was a tapas tasting menu. It was horrendous. The dishes were half-assed and completely forgettable. One or two of them was a salad. I don't mind salad in a tapas menu but it has to be interesting, and this one wasn't. There were none of your classic tapas dishes offered, just thrown together crap. At those prices it was outrageous.if you haven't been to jamonera, you must go. this place is phenomenal. a friend and i had reservations for an early dinner. we were given plenty of time to peruse the beverage and food menus. when we decided to place our drink order, i asked if they stocked any potato-based vodka, which is not only gluten-free but super delicious. when the waitress returned from asking the bartender, she said that they didn't have any potato-based vodkas but then inquired as to whether my request was due to being gluten-free. it was great that she made the connection without me having to tell her. once she found out that i was gluten free, she brought over a copy of their menu that specified which menu items were safe and which were not. this was a very thoughtful gesture.
as for the food, my friend and i split the papas fritas and aguacate salad. the papas fritas were perfectly crispy chunks of skin-on potato with a drizzle of some mayo-based sauce. it was hard to tell how the sauce tasted because there was so little of it; i honestly would have preferred more of the mayo sauce to their house sherry hot sauce that accompanied the papas. the aguacate salad was probably my favorite item that we had. it contained some beautiful chunks of fresh avocado, a light citrusy slaw, a couple of pieces of orange (and maybe grapefruit?), and some small pieces of white fish ceviche. in hindsight, i would have asked the server to bring the salad and the papas at the same time because i would have preferred to cut the oiliness of the potatoes with the vinegar and citrus based salad. 
for entrees, my friend chose the sea scallops while i had the calamares en su tinto. i have not had calamari in a long time since most dining establishments can't either make the dish gluten free or can't guarantee the dish is gluten free. jamonera's version of calamari did not disappoint. it was fried perfectly - not raw, not rubbery - and was accompanied by a small amount of aioli and a lemon wedge. my friend liked her scallop dish which consisted of two large sea scallops atop a bed of some type of vegetable ragout. 
all-in-all jamonera was a hit - from the impeccable service to the delicious food. for a vodka soda, a glass of red sangria, and the aforementioned four dishes, the total cost of the meal was a reasonable 57 usd and some change. though i really enjoyed my dining experience, the only reason why i dropped my rating by one star was due to the fact that the menu didn't have enough "clean" items to accompany the heavy dishes. i would have preferred more salad and/or fruit options to brighten up my plate since the meal was really rich, and i'm not used to eating this way.Nice little Americanized tapas place.  Sweetheart and I shared 5 plates, which was just the right amount. Favorite: 'Wedding of Anchoas' toast. Intimate atmosphere, well, except for the loud hip-pop music. Go.Excellent Tapas Authentic Spanish restaurant!  The Jamon Iberico took me "back to Spain"!   Paella was great...lots of different seafood and the papas fritas are a must. Nice variety of items to choose from and perfect timing bringing out the different courses. They make their own hot sauce that is very unique. Save room for the ice cream sundae with Choc cake with a cup of La Colombe coffee!Came here b/c we were craving Spanish food after our trip to Barcelona. Didn't quite satisfy our Spanish craving but was really good nonetheless. Highly recommend the chef's board and the albondigas!Great food!  Fried cauliflower was amazing, churros for desert.  Lamb yummy! Everything was great!This place was pretty good unfortunately it's location is over shadowed by barbuzzo, El Vez, Sampan and Double Knot lol. The only reason we stop by there was because all of the restaurant mention above was all booked. But needless to say we were glad we stopped by.The restaurant was pretty small but that made it pretty cozy and again the food was tasty. Everything that we've tried was simple but delicious. The staff was also friendly. if you're around the neighborhood you should give this place a try.The bacon wrapped dates and the mushroom flatbread are a must. I love sitting at their bar with a glass of Tempranillo and sharing some tapas with my date.Been here several times already and it remains consistently one of the favorite restaurants in Center City. The seafood paella was fantastic,with the perfectly crispy flavorful rice and fresh seafood. As this was a special tasting event, it also came with sangria and some delicious sides, including papas fritas which was piping hot and buttery. Most recently went to the seafood tapas tasting event, had 10 small plates along with the paired wine list. All the dishes were good but my favorites were definitely the gazpacho with lobster, anchovies over watercress and pacu ribs to finish off the dinner. Gotta try some of the much-praised iberico ham next timeThe newest addition to the 13th street corridor of eateries which replaced the much maligned Bindi (was I the only that liked that place?).
Indoors, the narrow floor plan has been re-conceived to include a sexy copper topped bar with a red back lit bar with comfy leather stools and a smaller more intimate dining area.  Service is friendly and accommodating.  Lighting dark, sparse and romantic (much like its predecessor).  
Menu  - all  with shared plates both small and large in mind - but not entirely tapas-esque --  even a salad and toast could definitely be enough to sate one person.
Unlike Amada and Bar Ferdinand, there are not as many menu options, but what they lack in diversity, they make up for it, for the most part in quantity.  All the smaller plates and salads are generous in size.  Lovely bar menu, with a strong focus, evidently, on sherry.  
As is always the norm with any Marcie Tunney and Valerie Safran vehicle, focus is on fresh ingredients.  Vegetables always deftly prepared, proteins always cooked on point, the only few weak points were that a lot of the dishes were a bit (as other reviewers have noted) on the salty side.  Also, I was hoping for a bit more variety on the menu, maybe a few unexpected options (with other Spanish restaurants in the city, Jamonera should try and differentiate itself!).  Also, I was most impressed with the salads of all things - which is unusual for me - so if you go be sure to try all three, and/or at least one of the salad options on the menu.  None of the larger plates shone brighter than those salads, although that may change with time.  Also, order the pumpkin croquettes (biggest standout in my opinion- yummers!)  Otherwise, keep you posted.
More or less on par with Bar Ferdinand.  Maybe a notch below Amada, but not by much.   Prices better than both, so be sure to check it out. Definitely worth a re-visit.We stopped in for a drink at Jamonera and really enjoyed the space--can't wait to come back and get something to eat. The decor is very warm and welcoming (minus the Manhattan-like sidewalk anteroom), with nods to a Spanish aesthetic (including a vintage Real Madrid soccer ball above the bar) without drifting into the realm of caricature. 
We sat at the bar and were served promptly. I had the red sangria, which was spectacular. It's usually dicey ordering a sangria in Philadelphia (I once saw a bartender at another establishment pour the juice from maraschino cherry dish into some wine that had previously been flavored with a dazzling array of "liqueurs" from the Pucker series!). But the sangria here is legit. They also have a white sangria, but I always stick with red. My wife really enjoyed the cocktail that she ordered too. 
The food menu looks amazing, and I was sitting next to someone who ordered the paella. I had to fight off the urge to engage in a less-than-decorous manner by posing the query "Yo, you gonna eat all that paella, brah?" Next time I am here, neither hell nor high water nor high hell nor water alone nor another other permutation of hell and water will prevent me from ordering that paella. 
The bartender here was also very pleasant and attentive. I especially appreciated that he gave us water as soon as we sat down, without us having to ask. Bonus points for this. 
All in all, this seems like a fine establishment, and I look forward to returning.I was teetering between a three or four star, but I decided to give it a four star because of our waitress. I don't remember her name, but she was blond. She worked on a Saturday night. She was super passionate about the food and I loved the service and so I give a four star.
My friend and I ordered the:
Pigs Tail Toast - You can't tell it's pig's tail. It's a burst of flavors! I loved it. It was fantastic. It was my favorite dish of the night
Jamon Iberico - $22 dish - it's only spanish ham - if you love ham, get it. i lived in spain for a summer and I loved their ham. brought me back to madrid. It would have been nice if they paired it with some olives. Olives were free in spain. 
Setas La Plancha - mushrooms with foie gras over toast. The mushrooms on their own were a bit salty. BUT when you pair a piece of the maple or honey flavored toast with some foie gras and mushrooms - it's an explosion in your mouth. I had to close my eyes. I loveeeeeed the foie gras. 
Pulpa y Ensilada Rusa - I got the octopus b/c i love the octopus dish at barbuzzo and i know the restaurants are connected. The octopus were cooked very tender which I love, however, the whole dish was so salty. The octopus was a bit salty which is fine but the garnish around it was even more salty. I know Spanish food is salty, but that was a bit much. 
We also got a special dish not on the regular menu - it was cheese and pair. The cheese was cooked too lumpy, and the pear flavor was drowned out. 
DESSERT:
Spanish donuts - four donuts - plain but good. came hot and fresh. true to european styled donuts. i wish it paired with vanilla ice cream. wasn't a fan of the sauce that came with it, but my friend enjoyed it. 
we got a honey cake with vanilla ice cream and fig. it was okay. but again, my friend really enjoyed the dessert. i think i'm too simple to enjoy the flavorings of this dessert. she has a better palette.Went for their Sunday tasting menu. Nothing to complain about, but not much to write home about either. Their bread pudding, however, is fantastic. Service is extremely deficient. On the whole, I would rather go to barbuzzo.Jamonera wasn't exactly what I expected. With great reviews on Yelp and a great menu, the actual food did not come to par with what was said.
My friends and I were seated outside because the tables inside were already reserved. We ordered 3 plates to share since we already pre-gamed somewhere else. I had the Bizet which was a citrus-y cocktail, tasted like grapefruit juice. Service was quick which makes me question the dishes that were served.
The Crispy Cana de Cabra, which was fried goat cheese salad was pretty good, very nice dressing and tasted really summer-y. The next two dishes were quite disappointing. The Charcuteria and Pulp a la Parilla was very lacking. The meat board tasted "dead," the meats didn't stand out and the pate felt like it was sitting there for a really really really long time. The octopus were overcooked and the dish was cold (was it suppose to be cold?). 
Service was nice, even the atmosphere was ok but the food just didn't cut it for me. Maybe you can convince me otherwise next time Jamonera...Went for the Sunday $40 deal and everything was great. Went back on a Friday night a couple months later and there were some misses. The shrimp were over cooked and the meatballs didn't have much flavor. Veggie board, Brussels sprouts, and charcuterie are delish though. This place is tiny and tables are really close together.Jamonera is an awesome Spanish tapas on 13th street in Midtown. The decor is really cool inside, the place is open late (midnight on Fri/Sat), and is extremely affordable (big portions).
Aim for 2-3 plates per person. My recommendations:
- Papa Frita
- Medjool Dates (bacon and cheese-filled dates)
- Berenjenas (eggplant fries)
- Shaved salad
- Huevos sucios de lucio (short ribs)
- Albondigas (meatballs)My husband and I ate here while on vacation 4 months ago and we are STILL talking about that amazing dinner. We have even joked about going back just to eat there!! Everything we ate was fantastic! The flavors were perfectly balanced with the finesse of a truly talented chef! The appetizer, dinner and dessert were all delicious as well as beautifully plated. Our server was wonderful and really made us feel welcome in a strange city and state. If I ever know anyone traveling to Philadelphia, I will require that they eat at Jamonera! 
I wonder if they can overnight some of that delicious food to me..... oh, a girl can only hope!Food was okay, but some flavors didn't work well for my taste - the dates dish is very very sweet. The two star rating was primarily due to service- our server had a strange way of responding to our requests that was not genuine at all and sometimes even felt passive aggressive. However, most importantly she picked up the utensils and dripped oil all over my clothes staining them and did not even mention anything about it. In general, service was not great and I overall would not recommend this place both because of the vibe and the food.Made reservations for a party of three for  a Saturday night, right at 5.
The service was not very good, the waitresses were a little rude/non-attentive etc.
We were really surprised at how much food we got for a tapas place. The waitress told us that we should be ordering around 6-9 dishes, we ordered 5 and were pretty stuffed. Really not necessary to order so much.
The dishes were tasty..a tad greasy but good overall. Got the fritas, good portions very tasty. The meatballs, were ok--interesting consistency not exactly my thing but can see why people love them. The spanish breakfast was delicious. The fried goat cheese salad was good, but not much "salad" as in not many vegetables/fruit. Got a menu addition meat plate, that was good. 
Pretty good overall.I have to start at the end, with the third course, which is to say that the hands down winner for the dinner was the white peach sorbet. It reminded me strongly of Gerber's Pureed Pear, but even more delicious. No one who dined with me could draw that comparison, but everyone agreed it was awesome. Since I'm at the end already, I'll also state that the olive oil cake was delicious, too--a big like pound cake in terms of density, and the sherry roasted peaches & plums were awesome. The oat "crumble" was less of a crumble and more like some oats sprinkled on top (I think "crumble" I think of the butter/sugar/oat topping that goes on a traditional apple crumble). The calasparra rice pudding was also tasty: you could taste the coconut, but it wasn't overpowering.
Back to the beginning, the service was very nice, though slow to start out (i.e., when you're most starving). It picked up, though, as the meal progressed (and we became full!).
The plates for the table to share were great with the charred eggplant puree (olive oil, garlic, pimenton, fried rosemary, crusty bread) at the head--very smooth, slightly spicy, with perfectly toasted bread. The papas fritas (crispy skin potato, wood smoked garlic aioli, brava salt) took second: I mean, fried potato skins with aioli...how could you go wrong? The manchego & marconas (sheep's milk cheese, marcona almonds, olive oil) was good, but it was basically manchego cheese with almonds--my palate couldn't pick up any subtle flavors.
The first course, in order of adoration: smoked bacon wrapped medjool dates (stuffed with valdeon, piquillo-almond sauce, celery salad), which were rich and flavorful; wild mushroom tosta (seared wild mushrooms, urgelia cheese, truffle oil, thyme), great cheese, again, very-well prepared toast; and crispy cana de cabra (crispy goat cheese, local greens, fennel, grilled peach), though some preferred a Greek-style saganaki to this goat cheese. The greens were dressed delightfully: tangy and bright.
The second course the bronzino a la plancha (charred corn-tomato salad, crispy calasparra rice, salsa verde) was terrific: I especially loved the green olives, and the tomatoes were very fresh and flavorful. The rice had the texture of a very-good fried rice: slightly crunchy. The gambas al ajillo (seared garlic shrimp, roasted peppers, chile, smoked pimenton) was another table favorite: the sauce had a lil'kick and paired well with the white beans. Unfortunately, the grilled pork loin (fennel-olive-orange salad, chickpea puree, crispy jamon serrano) was slightly overcooked, but the chickpea puree had a very nice texture.
Would I return? Yes, if someone else wanted to go; otherwise, I think I still prefer Barbuzzo for my Turney/Safran fix!This is a special, special place.  Can't tell if I got my check-in but believe me I was there and have my bottle of El Cojonudo to prove it (now my favorite sauce in the whole word, nay - my friend, my secret lover...I have never felt this way about hot sauce.  But I digress...)
I thought I knew tapas (been to Barcelona and everything) but Jamonera goes with "Raciones" which I found are a bit different.  In short, the dishes are little bit bigger (and inherently you share...not my strong point ;-7).  But, not big enough to deter me from strapping on the food bag and going to town.  Until Gabriel stepped in and recommended just about 3 choices, no more.  For my girlfriend and I.  To share.  
Huh, well - okay.  
How about Grilled Skirt Steak, Fava Croquetas, Papa Frita and we'll hedge and go one more with the Paella (seafood).  Gabriel acquiesced and left to make delicious things happen.
I sipped the Rose Cava (okay...more than 1...we're walking and Uber-ing the town this particular weekend - all good).  Then my new friend El Cojonudo (sherry vinegar hot sauce) came into my life at this moment.  Probably along with the Papa Frita.  It's all a blur.
You don't care what I think of the dishes I'm sure so I'll just go ahead an sum it up by saying they are unrivaled.  Best damn pint-sized paella (relatively speaking...it's not small but I've also had this dish served to us in a 17" cast iron skillet...so a human-sized portion is probably the best way to describe it) this side of the Atlantic if I do say so myself.  And Gabriel was RIGHT - listen to the man.  He is your expert guide at Jamonera (although I'm sure everybody else on staff is swell too).  Keep the selection down (and your phone down...I see you - stop it and have a real conversation here...it's such a part of the experience)...and thoroughly enjoy your plates.  You won't be rushed. Then as a reward for good behavior get the Jamonera Sundae.  This thing is so tasty it could ruin relationships (or at the least start a noisy spoon fight in the jar as you jockey for the next bite).
Such an upscale and cozy design inside.  Authentic.  No gimmicks.  Smiling faces.  Seating on the sidewalk too but I have to say no matter the time of year I'd rather be inside.
MAKE A RESERVATION - DON'T KID YOURSELF.  LIFE IS GOOD AFTER THAT....and get yourself your own bottle of El Cojonudo.  Just sayin.What a nice find! 
The ambience is rustic yet modern with low lighting and candlelight. The service was relaxed, unobtrusive and pleasant. We were able to enjoy our meal a couple of small plates at a time at a leisurely pace. 
The food was well executed. The chopped salad of kale, thinly sliced radishes and red onion, grilled corn and crunchy potato sticks was awesome! The dressing was slightly smoky, sweet, sour and salty. I am still dreaming about that salad. The eggplant fries were crispy light sticks. I was impressed at how light and yet firm the eggplant was. The scallops with sausage were tasty, nicely executed. The mushroom flatbread was crispy, salty from the cheese, fresh from the arugula pesto and sweet from the sherry reduction (a nice element to brighten the pizza). We couldn't stop at dessert and not try the churros. They were dusted in sugar and fried to order. Oh yes, they melted in my mouth. From start to beginning, it was a delicious meal.Delicious!  The wait staff was excellent.  We are a party of 2 and had the best time!  We sat out side and had the tapas special. The papas fritas=delicious.Loved the atmosphere of the restaurant! The food was great as well. We ordered the eggplant puree, which was basically hummus.  It was a little pricy for the amount, but definitely tasty.  The seafood paella was delicious too! My only complaint would be that it was a tad too salty.I really like the Sherry selection here. I had the sampler for $20..man I could have ordered another round.
The food was half good and half meh. The meh part were mostly because of the salt content.
We enjoyed the crispy pigtails, and the fava bean salad.
The calamari was too salty as was the rice dish.
The shrimp was good and hot/spicy.
Rabbit sausage needed some help. 
Oh the dessert, we got the sundae, was really good actually. 
If I am to return I would just come for drinks (and the sundae). 
Waitstaff was really nice and into the menu.Vegetarians: don't be scared off by the name of the restaurant, because the menu is super vegetarian friendly! There are lots of options on the regular menu as well as the Restaurant Week menu. I was here for Restaurant Week though, and the menu was (to quote our waitress) "generous." More than worth the $35. You get three appetizers for the table to share, plus three courses after that. We also ordered a pitcher of the red sangria, which was a great decision because it was too good to have just one. Every dish was delicious - the white bean dip, papas fritas, manchego with almonds, and the crispy calasparra rice - but the standout for me was the pumpkin croquetas. We were stuffed by dessert, but I made room for the bread pudding.
This is a small space, but it doesn't feel cramped, just cozy. Based on the size, though, it's probably smart to make a reservation.
This meal was perfect and transported me back to Spain. I'm coming back here ASAP!We came here hoping to have an intimate date night. Little did we know that we were practically going to be sharing a table with another couple. They really pack the tables in here which really detracts from what could be a cool dining scene. 
Our waitress seemed really informed about all of the dishes on the menu and didn't hesitate to list off her favorites when we seemed overwhelmed. I always appreciate when the service staff has opinions about the food, so I thought we were off to a good start. But overall, the dishes were underwhelming. We paid $100 for two drinks and 6 dishes and still walked out hungry. Here's a little bit about the dishes we ordered.
Huevos Sucios: probably one of the better dishes we ordered- smoky, meaty, and satisfying. A larger portion would make a yummy brunch dish. Our only complaints were that the shortrib hat some chewy fatty pieces that they should've removed while plating and their sherry vinegar hot sauce was so one dimensional and boring. It tasted like sherry vinegar with a sprinkling of chipotle powder.
Gambas al ajillo: good brandade served alongside 4 shrimp and two measly bread pieces. The shrimp was cooked nicely, but the portion was tiny.
Brussels sprouts: inconsistently cooked- some raw, some greasy, some raw and greasy, and some just right. If they had all just been just right, this could've been a winner.
Foie and setas: I like how the foie portion isn't so big and dominating, but there should've been more mushrooms and more bread to make the dish heftier. I really don't understand why they are so stingy with their bread for all the dishes. Have they been to a tapas bar in Spain?
Mushroom Tosta: a little messy to eat, but one of our favorites, probably because there was enough bread for the topping 
Fideos: I was looking forward to this one the most because I love this dish in Spain. Despite a fair portion of clams and calamari, the noodles were underseasoned, and they completely lacked the traditional crispy bottom and crunchy topping that makes it so delicious and craveable.  
Afraid of being disappointed, we didn't order dessert. 
Bindi was our favorite of the 13th Street restaurants so we were really hoping that this would fill our Bindi void. I love Spanish flavors and food, but unfortunately, it was all a little lackluster here and I can't say that we'll be returning here anytime soon- especially given the price to portion ratio.I'll be brief.  The food was acceptable, but I'm over the tapas/small plates ideas.  It seems like a way to overprice items and make you spend more than you want. The bartenders were friendly, but working it too hard.  It made me a little uncomfortable at times.
Moving on.  The flavors were good for some of the items, such as the albondigas (from the Arabic al-bunduqa, meaning the fruit of Corylus avellana, and ultimately meatball), were very flavorful. 
However, the octopus (Sp. pulpo, from the Greek polipus, or many feet) was overcooked and swimming in a hummus-oil mixture that made no sense.  
The shishito peppers (from the Japanese 'shishi'--lion-- and 'togarashi'--spicy pepper) were fine but very spicy at times.
Lastly, the Spanish omelette (Sp. tortilla Espanola, diminutive from late Latin torta meaning round or flat cake) had slightly raw potatoes, and was covered in a cream sauce, maybe a bechamel, that didn't need to be there.   
I wasn't impressed, but the decor/atmosphere was nice.  Some of the food worked, and others didn't.  I'd like to see slightly cleaner, simpler food concepts with stronger execution.Stopped by for happy hour around 530 and we were seated immediately at a table outside. For drinks, we had the red and white sangria and both very strong and delicious. I tried the short rib bocadillos and they were very tasty as well! My friend had patatas brav as and they were fried really well. 
I have been here in the past for dinner and all the options are great! It's best to eat it tapas style and try everything!!Visited for the first time and was very impressed! Ordered a bunch of menu items; all of which were really good. I especially liked the charcuterie board, chorizo with figs, and the churros. The only thing that didn't overly thrill me was the albondigas...I expected the more traditional type in a picada, but these tasted more similar to Italian meatballs...totally not a problem though. They make a very good paella. The cocktails were especially good also!Went here for a 2 year anniversary date. The place is very small but we had a reservation so we were seated immediately. We were going to start off with some wine. I'm mostly a fan of sweet wines, which the waitress said they had absolutely no options for. She was nice enough to bring over some samples of other wines for me to try but I wish they had had more variety. 
To start, we had the papas fritas which were just ok, nothing special. There was lots of potato and not very much aioli. We wound up eating a few bites and taking the rest home. Everything after the papas fritas was awesome. The warm mejdool dates were amazing, as was the huevos sucios de lucio. The seafood paella didn't come out until about 20 minutes after everything else was finished but it was pretty good.
The only thing I really didn't like was our waitress' attitude. She was kind of a b.This tapas place is extremely small but does offer outdoor seating. The interior is richly appointed with dark wood and dim lighting. The menu is limited and a bit overpriced. We got the meat and cheese board and opted to upgrade to the iberico ham upgrade for an additional $8. So, for $24 we got 3 small pieces of chorizo and a few slivers of iberico, 2 small pieces of cheese and a ridiculously large amount of bread. Seriously felt a little ripped off. Bartender was friendly and professional but drinks were watered down and, again, a little overpriced. Should have stuck with Tinto-larger more authentic menu, better hh deals, and better food at more reasonable prices.Great food.  Try the scallops, and the spare ribs.  Brussels sprout salad is light and tasty and refreshing.A newer place that seems to be overshadowed by the bigger stars in the immediate area, but still worth going in for a meal with friends.
The decor is trendy and modern.  Great for a small group of friends, or an intimate date.  
Nice selection of wines, their glass of cava is 2 full pours anywhere else.
Foie gras was short on the foie gras, and it was an underwhelming dish.
Deviled egg was excellent, but with only 2 halves, you'll need to order a few plates for the table.
Grilled octapus was a little tough and with a strong fishy and citrusy initial taste, but a nice strong char aftertaste that came close to saving the dish.
The scallops were perfectly seared and seasoned, served ontop of a lightly dressed salad and with a nice portion of porkbelly.
Manchego cheese appetizer came with a full glass of beer to compliment it, and was a perfect pairing.  This is more of a drink than an appetizer dish.
Fried goat cheese salad had a nice, aged slice of a quality goatcheese, lightly fried with an excellent thick crust.  This was not the usual grocery store processed white log used by most places, definatley worth ordering one per person.
Mushrooms on toast was a little strong on the flavor, overpowering the toast and any other seasoning.
A little on the expensive side, but nice service, nice decor, and an overall good dining experience.Absolutely excellent. Congrats to chef Lindsey. The octopus is out of this world. The seafood paella is a most have.My experience at Jamonera was so-so - I was hoping for the same service and delicious food as its sister restaurants. The bartender was too busy to turn around to offer drinks to us while waiting a few minutes for a table. Service was extremely slow and the food was not necessarily hot. I had to ask to waiter to explain the menu since it was my first time at the restaurant. The grilled vegetable salad special was good but the scallops left me not satisfied.went for Restaurant week. the shop itselt if a bit small so all the single tables are jammed tgt. 
good value tho, we were so full at the end. the goat cheese small bit was a amazing! im not even a cheese person. the meatball is alright, a bit oily. and the dessert of the rice pudding and the warm banana bread were both good. 
service was kinda slow probably because they were busy. would come back and try other thingsMy friend and I had dinner here one evening during the 2016 DNC Convention, hoping to escape the crowds and noise. The concierge at the Loew's hotel sent us on a bit of a wild goose chase in search of a Thai fusion place which we never found, but our chase ended happily: we discovered Jamonera. At first, because it was so dark, I wasn't wild to try it, but the menu in the window looked yummy and I love tapas, so in we went. Yes, it was dark, but in a clean, quiet and cozy way. The food really was out of this world and so was the service. The wine list is all Spanish and pretty short but oh boy, good stuff. I had a white wine that was one of the best I'd ever tasted, which is saying something because I come from a region famous for its great white wines. We were so impressed by the high quality of the foods and their imaginative presentations. Everything was delicious. I could see myself living on those bacon-wrapped dates forever :) Please do give Jamonera a shot. If I ever get back to Philadelphia, I know I will!
ps: There was an outlet right under our table where I could plug in my nearly dead iPhone.  When you're out and about in an unfamiliar city, such things become essential.I know Jamonera has gotten tons of hype and positive reviews since it opened, but I'm gonna say it - I miss Bindi.
I ate at Bindi several times and loved lots about it - the BYO factor was awesome, of course, and the sorta-twist on Indian food was done very well. I was sad to hear it was closing and reopening as something else, but I was living in SF at the time so I didn't exactly lose sleep over it. Since moving back to Philly, I finally got the chance to try Bindi's replacement. 
The good:
- Overall atmosphere: the place itself is really cool. Well decorated, comfortable yet modern. And the bar is nice as well.
- "Smaller" plates: everything we ordered from the left side of the menu was great. We had one item from almost every group (there were 4 of us), and particularly liked the toasts (the $7 Wedding of Anchoas and $9 Crispy Pig's Tail were both yummy), meats and cheeses (we chose to get the $17 chef's board to share, and love everything on it. though I do think it was slightly overpriced).
- Drinks: while I am very sad Jamonera is not BYO, the drinks I ordered were very good and reasonably priced. I tried the Bizet ($9) which was great, and also ordered a vodka soda, which was made very well. And in case you don't know what a very well made vodka soda is...I basically mean they put a lot of vodka in it. Yum.
The not-so-good:
- The "larger" dishes: we ordered the Spanish Octopus ($11) and the Calamari ($8), both of which were quite bad. The presentation of them was cool, with one being cooked in it's own ink sauce, but the tastes were off. With a group of 4 we left a bunch over, more because we didn't like it than we were full. To me, the main courses are the most important parts of a meal, and I was definitely let down by them.
- The veggies: the Cauliflower was NOT good. I was excited to try something like that fried, and was pretty disappointed in it.
Overall, I had an enjoyable dinner with good friends, but I wouldn't race back to Jamonera for another meal. Though I may be back for the awesome late-night specials they offer.Not too impressed.  Dissapointed with the bar service and the Sangrias which were watered down. If I am paying $9 for a drink it better be a good one!Jamonera is another Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran little piece of perfection. Perfect tapas style restaurant with dishes loaded with flavor and cooked to perfection.
My favorite dish I've had here is the Seafood Paella. They also have an awesome happy hour  if you sit at the bar or dine outside. It's probably one of my favorite happy hours. We ordered all 5 of the happy hour tapas and it was just the right amount of food for two. 
I'm not sure what it is about this restaurant group but they always make the best desserts. I just tried the sundae and WOW! Its loaded with banana ice cream, a caramelized banana, brownie, fudge, caramel, and topped with toasted marshmallow. I would come here just for this. Perfect size to share between two people but I'd prefer to keep it to myself.Tasty cocktail even for happy hour! Seafood paella was one-of-a-kind but would be better if the rice cooked more al dente.Jamonera, you cheeky gal. You offer tapas, your servers suggest 2-3 per diner, and I come hungry. Between the two of us, we low-balled for 5 total dishes and two drinks each. And what we got.... well, it felt lik the equivalent of 6-8 normal tapas. 
I'll go ahead and say that this isn't NECESSARILY a bad thing. I enjoy generous portions, and these are certainly a bang for your buck. However, when the waitress requested that we order all our dishes at the front end (instead of our initial idea of "let's try two and see how we feel afterwards, go from there") I felt a little hoodwinked. I think that if we were two ravenous, bulky fellows, this would've been a solid suggestion. But my date was a tiny lady, and I, despite possessing Amazonian stature, was unable to pick up the slack alone. 
The speed that the dishes came out was worthy of praise, as it seemed like we'd only just received our drinks when our first dish arrived. Medjool dates, wrapped in bacon, stuffed with valdeon, THIS was the only real feeling of a traditionally sized tapas. Two dates per gal, really whet our appetite. When the Papa Frita was brought our way, though, I was shocked at the volume of 'taters inside. This actually ended up having a negative effect on the dish, as the potato to aioli ration was skewed (due to many of the potatoes below the top level being unsauced). The ones with sauce were quite tasty, but they were in the minority.
Following the advice of several Yelpers, we also ordered the Berenjenas (eggplant fries) which were quite tasty when accented with the truffle honey and zamarano cheese. Again, though, there was simply too much food on our table to eat them fast enough, and towards the second half of the (large) dish, they began to get cold and lose some of their appeal.  A special Spanish Breakfast (different from the one usually featured on the menu, but similar) arrived at the same time as the eggplant fries and woefully was nearly untouched due to the timing and massive amounts of food on our small table.
Unfortunately, the chef's board of meats and cheeses arrived last, and at this point my date was struggling to swallow another bite. I managed to enjoy a few pieces of cured meat and cheese, but the damage was already done.
The ambiance is beautiful, dim lighting and very romantic, and initially, all the plates we received were delicious. In my previous experience though, tapas are better served as small bites, easily shared and not the type of meal that leaves you feeling bloated afterwards. Jamonera does what they do well, but they could consider shrinking a few of the dishes OR informing the patrons that these are fairly large "small plates" in order to better estimate the meal. If I ever go again, I'll try to do so with a larger party to better accommodate the portions.As my significant other and I have recently begun adventuring into the dining rooms of this year's "50 Best Restaurants in Philadelphia", we decided to try Jamonera during Restaurant Week. The following will be my honest sentiments on the meal.
The strongest point came in the form of service when our server kindly replaced the potato appetizer my beloved haphazardly knocked off the table instantly upon it's delivery. As aforementioned in previous reviews, the house made hot sauce was the clear standout as the dish alone was a bit of a let down. It was primarily crunchy potatoes with exotic salt and a tiny bit of tasty sauce. I drowned it in the vinegary briny hot sauce and called it a day.
We also tried the Spanish Breakfast Bite which I found to be the highlight of our appetizers. It had crunch, umami, sweet creaminess from the runny egg and a lovely spice and savour with the sausage.
The egg quiche dish (clearly I have forgotten the formal menu names) was nothing to write home about. I found it to be underwhelming and wished we would have tried a different dish, albeit my partner was firm in our venture with this dish, so I divulged. 
For the entree we shared the saffron laced seafood paella despite previous reviewers objections. My boyfriend does not share my sentiments for basing meal decisions upon Yelp reviews. However, the dish lived up to my expectations. The rice was burnt/crunchy in certain parts, with an underwhelming amount of seafood and a bizarre mismash of flavors and ingredients. When my partner didn't finish the paella, I knew he agreed.
We still decided to experience what the dessert menu offered. After much ado, I decided on the churros with salted caramel and he had the bread pudding. He enjoyed his dessert, but I found the churros bizarre. I ate most of them, and still can't pinpoint why they were so salty and peppery. 
Perhaps we didn't have the proper Jamonera experience, but we won't be going back. I'm a huge fan of the restaurateurs other gastromic ventures, so we will stick to Barbuzzo and Little Nonna's. 
Se la vie, la vie I suppose...Had a reservation for 2  last night1/19 at 5pm Restaurant Week.
Entered restaurant 4:45 was told "we don't open til 5" by someone from behind the bar. After sharing we have a reservation at 5 idiot repeated "we don't open til 5p". I asked him to recommend a Happy hour nearby. He suggested something in the direction of Sam Pan. Why'd he do that? SamPan had it All  $39. Happy Hour menu was awesome! Surprised on a cold Tues. eve how any restaurant would let at minimum $100. Walk awayGreat atmosphere, but food is oversalted to absurdity.  Shaved salad just tasted like salt + citrus.  Dates with bacon were too salty.  Scallops too salty.  Pork with pumpkin was fine.  So sick of restaurants over salting everything, it's so common everywhere now.Ate here last night and we were pleasantly surprised to be able to grab bar seats as soon as we walked in.  Boo started with the El Bourne martini; a man martini made with Spanish vermouth. He enjoyed it, my stomach was hating alcohol at the time. We ordered some small plates to start: papas fritas, pumpkin croquettes, and pig tail sliders. The papas fritas come with a sherry vinegar hot sauce that is too good. The fritas kept the crispy skin and had bacon and aioli drizzled on top. Yum. Croquettes were mini meatball sized joys served over a pumpkin seed puree with a veggie conglomerate in the middle. Brussel leaves helped sop up the puree. Pig tail sliders were more like a bruschetta topped with pig tail which you wouldn't know was tail. Tasted amazing, tail is good. I thought I'd get some curly Q of a tail but not the case. 
We said to each other, "want more?" I confirmed yes I do, so we put in an order of grilled Spanish octopus and the lobster salad that was on special. In the words of Sophia Grace, the octopus was "SO GOOD". Served on a layer of creamy what I think was aioli, chick peas, and a red bit of hot sauce, it had the bit of tang from the sea and we smothered it in the accompanied creamy goodness.  The lobster salad wasn't my favorite. It tasted like potato salad, had a heavy mayo taste, and not much lobster.  We were really happy with the prices and the experience. 
To top off the night, we pondered over the dessert menu.  Do we order the recommended sundae?  The cheesecake in a jar the couple to our left had?  Or the Olive Oil Ice Cream....?  We had to try the weird flavor of ice cream served with rosemary and a shortbread cookie.  I was so curious how the consistency would be since the makings of ice cream are eggs, cream, sugar...how could oil go in there?  The texture was a cross between a sorbet and ice cream...like an ice-y ice cream.  The taste was light, if you looked for the olive oil flavor it was there.  But when you made "perfect bites" on your spoon it was damn good (perfect bite = ice cream, piece of shortbread cookie, leaf of rosemary).
Only caveat was that the woman to my right was having a loud convo with the couple on my boo's left. So there was constant loud conversation about every high school, teacher, and Jewish person in South Jersey.Fantastic grilled lamb chops with a pork merguez patty over beluga lentils. A special. To be cherished.Small quaint and great atmosphere. The jamon is sooooo tasty & signature cocktails quite yummy (I had the Bizet). Appetizer special was a Rappahoneck oyster which was outstanding. My friend LOVED the jamon wrapped dates. Service was great. Really need to come back and just graze thru the menu. Awesome!I wanted to try Jamonera since it's owned by the same couple who owns Barbuzzo (which btw is my favorite restaurant in Philly!), but I was not impressed. 
The bill came down to be approximately $60 per person and I only ordered 2 tapas, 1 drink and split a dessert. So it was $120 with tax and tip for 4 tapas, 2 drinks and 1 dessert. I was just unimpressed by the food. 
I had the skirt steak as "entree" even though it's tapas size and it was good, but not amazing. We also ordered the meats/cheeses board which was expensive, but not worth it for the 2 pieces of cheese we each got... 
We ordered the chocolate brownie/ice cream dessert and the whole thing was filled with melted ice cream and nooooo brownie. 
All in all I was disappointed and will never go back there unless it's for drinks. Their drinks were pretty tasty!Tried this place on my friend's birthday. The food was fabulous. Had some decent Roja. What I liked the most was the gigantic sundae, which may have popped the button of my jeans. BUT totally worth it!My wife and I went there for dinner on Wednesday night. Reservations were for 945, and the place was still packed...a great sign. 
Staff was extremely friendly (even though the waiter gave pretty poor recommendations, more on that later), great ambience, great menu, and a nice selection of wine (price per bottle ranged 42 to 120ish, and lots of tempranillos, which we love). Tried a little bit of everything...least favorite dish was the duck sausage with quail egg...but my least favorite dish here would be at the top of most other places. The pig tail tasted like a very well cooked pulled pork. Large plates include the scallops and pork belly, the shrimp and the foie gras with mushrooms, which was the star. Truly amazing dish. I cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the menu.
The odd thing, as mentioned before, was that the waiter when asked what is best on the menu, went with the pumpkin croquettes, and fried goat cheese salad and the beets. All vegetarian (which my wife is, but he did not know that), we tried all three...I'd pass on all of them. Nonetheless, an amazing meal! We will be back soon.Firstly, I love the ambiance here. Small, cozy, and it's so dark that you probably wouldn't be able to tell if I have stuff all over my face (which I probably do). That's a win in my book. 
Food-wise, I challenge you to find a dish here that you don't like. 
Came with a couple girlfriends to celebrate a birthday, and it was perfect. 
Ordered:
-Figs & chorizo: came with grilled bread and blistered grapes
-Vegetable tapas board: this was 5 different little piles of veggie dishes and they all came with their own sauces and they were all incredible
-Chef's board: 2 cheeses & 2 meats with accompaniments 
-Albondigas: meatballs stuffed with manchego in a tomato sauce
-Churros
Everything was so good that even by the time I was so full that I sort of felt like I was dying, I still wanted to turn around and eat the meal all over again.This restaurant tries to please the average (clueless) Tapas lover, but their heavy-handed use of salt / spices / garlic is just too much. And this is ironic because I really love salt / spices / garlic, etc., but there is a limit to everything and these people don't understand one simple term... "moderation".
Everything here is very overpriced considering the quality, and their happy hour is not a good deal either.
Also, the Sangria sucks!  This is a fatal flaw of any so-called "Spanish" restaurant. The Sangria is very sweet, excessively fruity, and non-traditional; i.e. way too much ice! This wine-based drink is at least 75% ice!   Terrible.From a food perspective, total disappointment.  We like seasoning and salt our food at home when cooking (and even after, depending on the dish), but this was outrageous.  The grilled bread w/ ricotta and hot mushroom appetizer was pretty inedible due to oversalting, and the hot mushrooms actually curdled the cheese.  Shrimp small plate had quality seafood, but again, way too salty.  Shaved salad was best dish of night...good, but that's a problem when the salad is the best.  Short rib dish overpromised, but underdelivered...solid, but nothing special.  The vegetarian special (squash with a sticky risotto on top) was good.  I was leaning towards a 3 star review, but the waitress we had was really poor.  She started off strong thru her explanations, but after our initial order, she showed up maybe twice the rest of the evening...and was clearly not happy to be there.  At the end of the meal, she literally dropped off our check and walked out the front door.  Too many great restaurants in Philadelphia to return here...PASS.Late Night Review only
They have $3 draft beer which is a Spanish lager (cannot remember the name of it( which is an A-ok deal. I believe $4 house wine, and $5 sangria from 10-11pm only. This is pretty standard for center city, pretty good price for the area/ late night.
$5 tapas -- just okay
2 deviled eggs per order -- tasty, but not sure if it's entirely worth the $5
I also got the " charcuterie" which included 4 pieces of cheese, 4 pieces of the smoked meat -- just okay. Kind of small even for snacking on with drinks!
I would have ordered off the regular menu if I knew the late night menu was so dinky :( 
Server --  I did have to request late night menu at 10pm , which seems consistent with other Yelpers that said it seemed like they were trying hard not to advertise their late night menu (although it's on their window right before you came in. I think that they should offer it to all patrons as an option, but of course being able to order off regular menu. Other than that, he was very friendly, attentive with my beer and have no complaints otherwise
I'd be happy to come back to try their dinner -- but this isn't a late night destination I'd go back to . Much better options around townThe creative team that owns Barbuzzo & Lolita have done it again!  Jamonera is a must try- while I wont go into details about the delicious tapas we ordered (5-6 tapas seems to be the perfect number for a table of 2), I will highlight the best dessert I've ever had, their olive oil ice cream over dark chocolate lava cake with sea salt and dark chocolate nips.  Olive oil ice cream?? Yes, vanilla ice cream *churned (my best guess) with olive oil, was so unbelievably smooth & creamy.  The mix of this ice cream with the dark chocolate and sea salt was the most amazing combo, definitely the best dessert I've ever had.  Jamonera has made my list of favorite restaurants. 
The only reason I did not give 5 stars (the food deserves 5!) was because the restaurant was uncomfortably warm.  Not sure if this was due to it being 90 degrees outside, due to the fact the kitchen is below the dining room, or because of the sheer volume of patrons seated closely together in a small space... whatever the reason, I will not let that stop me from returning.Kind of a disappointment. Food wasn't that great and the portions were small. I had just come back from Spain, so perhaps I had too high expectations. 
Place is tiny though too and felt cramped.Really disappointed in service!!! Discovered this cute bar after seeing a show in town, great atmosphere - wish I could give a review of the food but the service was seriously lacking.   Took seats at the bar. - took bar tender who was really busy polishing glasses & talking to finally acknowledge us - once he did get us A menu & took our drink order we started looking at food menu (that he gave us) as he gave us our drinks we asked for appetizers - he said oh our kitchen is closed (he had just put serving plates down for the couple next to us...) no apology or anything.  We sat & watched food eventually come out to people around us.   Don't most places let you know AS they hand you menus that the kitchen is closing soon???? We left hungry & annoyed.  Food looked great but will never go backExcellent!!! Went for restaurant week with the whole family. Tried almost everything on restaurant week menu. Love everything except the crispy rice. The service is awesome. Will definitely go back.Last night was my first time at Jamonera and I was blown away.  From the Bacon wrapped figs, to the cheese plate, flatbread and sangria....this  little gem was amazing.  One of the most noticeable things was how well the servers work together, and they should be commended!  I can't wait to go back, and I can't wait to try Barbuzzo, Lolita and Little Nonnas!Holy. Crap. The Spanish Breakfast bites were TO DIE FOR and I'm like still upset with myself that we almost didn't order them. Highly recommend. It was my first time at Jamonera and I was so surprised! It was amazing. I just wish the place was bigger so we could have had a little more space...the people at the bar were like sitting on top of us i  thought my BF was going to get pink eye.
But the food was fantastic. It was intimate and cool ambiance so it made for a great date without breaking the bank.
Yet again, these owners are killing the restaurant game. I have loved each one of their unique establishments.
I'll be back.Phenomenal food!!! Could not believe I paid $9 for 4 croquettes but it was worth every penny. The wait staff is tolerable. Barely putting up with working there clearly.My hubby and I went on a spontaneous night out in philly on a fri and after being rejected from sampan el vez barbuzzo for one hour plus waits we stumbled upon jamonera..small spot but they were willing to immediately get us bar seats..bartender made good drinks..had the blintz and food wise bacon dates papa frites and meat medley..overall good experience!This was my first really positive restaurant experience in Philly. After I went here, I finally felt like I knew what people were talking about when they raved about the restaurant scene in Philadelphia. The setting is intimate and cozy, the food is scrumptious, and the service is quick and attentive. Favorite dishes included the eggplant fries (I'm a sucker for anything eggplant) and the vegetarian tapas sampler. My husband I recently gave up pork (single tear), and I was a little nervous that it might be tough to go porkless in a restaurant called, of all things, Jamonera, but they had tons of non-piggy options on the menu. Very good overall!Went last night to celebrate my boyfriend moving to a new apartment and lucked out with the Paella & Sangria Special! It was $38/person and included the goat cheese croquettes, chopped salad, papas fritas as an appetizer to share. The papas fritas were deliciously crispy and the croquettes were delicious as well as the chopped salad as light note to pick at. 
We went with the seafood paella as our course and it came with a good amount of mussels a couple clams, couple pieces of calamari, and a couple shrimp. The couple pieces of shrimp were actually huge so it didn't bother me that we only got two. We ended up with the Rosada Sangria and it was refreshing in the summer heat. 
We finished the meal with the chocolate bread pudding. It was so good!! It did not really taste of bread more of a pound cake consistency and it would have been better if it was warm, but my piece was cold. That is why I only gave 4 stars and also because the air conditioner unit was leaking over the side of the table and my leg as we were finishing our meal.The service was awesome, and the food was even better. Highly suggest Jamonera.
Papa fritAs, Brussell Sprouts, garlic shrimp, and the mushroom flatbread were all extremely delish. This was my first trip to Jamonera, it definitely will not be my last. 
A top philly dining experienceWithout question one of the best meals I've had in quite some time!!! We ate here the other night and started with the mushroom flatbread.
Absolutely delicious!!
Perfect amount for three people to share while waiting for our main dishes.
Two out of the three of us ordered the mix paella with seafood, chicken and chorizo.
Delicious, crispy rice on the bottom of the pan and All the proteins are cooked to perfection.  
Friendly staff and warm atmosphere.My husband and I love everything about this place! We've been here three times, once to actually sit at a table and "dine," twice to sit at the bar and drink and eat tapas. Every experience was good, but we especially love sitting at the bar. The food is amazing. We've never regretted anything we ordered, but some standouts are the butternut squash croquetas ("you had more than me!" "no I didn't!" "how many did you have?") the Spanish breakfast (yes, have it for dinner) and the seared brussels sprouts. Jamonera looks great, it feels great, it tastes great ... if only there were discarded paper napkins all over the floor, you'd think you were in Spain!I was very nervous about coming here with a group because the other reviews said it was small and cramped inside. I am very claustrophobic and hate teeny places. That being said, it was small but i still felt comfortable here. The food was absolutely excellent. I had the seafood paella. It was a great portion and very good. The octopus was the most succulent ever and I've had it everywhere. I also liked the drinks! Great sangria. The only reason why I didn't give it five stars is the service was okay - not bad but not excellent; the tables were close together and there was only one unisex bathroom for the whole restaurant. The food was worth it though!Absolutely amazing!  My meal at Jamonera ranks as one of my top 10 meals.  The food combines unique and original flavors.  They have classic Spanish tapas but add creative twists.  I would highly recommend the dates, crispy calasparra rice and the albondigas!  The only dish that wasn't a wow were the churros, but honestly after all those other dishes we hardly noticed.The food is quite good, but the service killed it for me. I came here with two friends on a Friday night. One of our friends was running late and I asked if they could seat us and that it was no problem if not. They immediately seated us which was nice. We ordered a round of drinks while waiting for our other friend who was 20 min late. Understandably that's not ideal and we apologized. However, our server was sour to us the entire night. Things she seemed upset about: our tardiness (again we apologized), the number of tapas we ordered, and our overall presence it seemed. She did not hide her annoyance. We were not a loud group, respectful, and were there more for drinks than food (though did order 1-2 tapas apiece). At the end of the meal, despite offering everyone around us a dessert menu, she cleared off our plates and immediately handed us the check. We were still having drinks when someone else came to take the water pitcher from the table. We felt that they were giving us not so subtle hints to clear out (in some ways I understand this if the restaurant is busy and additional parties are waiting, but there were several empty tables and no wait). Perhaps she was having an off night, which we're all allowed to have, but I didn't feel welcome and won't be back.I wanted to sample Jamonera as I loved Tapas.
As me and my friends were seating at the Academy of Music enjoying a performance by PA Ballet of Cinderella I discussed it at intermission. Everyone liked the idea and made reservations.
We made our way to the restaurant, which is small, cozy, and it was instant love. The decor reminds me of one of those dark holes in Spain. One mural is a Blackboard with their menu. The other looks Mexican celebrating  Día de Los Muertos.
We ordered, Charcutería, Berenjenas, Paella Mixta and to wash it down Sangria.
One of my friends confessed that she had been there before, but this was the best of all the food she tried.
They are working on a new pastry chef, but we tried the Bread Pudding and it was good.
I will definitely go back again, again.We went to Jamonera because it was the only restaurant in the area without a 45minute wait. Ugh, I guess there was a reason for that. Our server was really great but the food is medicore at best. We had the meatballs (not bad), potatoe wedges (not bad but not very crispy), beef skewers (meh), and the shrimp on the skinny noodles (GROSS). I can't find the exact menu items but the descriptions were very fancy and delicious sounding...and the tapas dishes that came out were only average. The shrimp on the skinny noodles was very disappointing - we only ate the shrimp. The noodles were a mushy, slimy type of vermicelli noodle coated in salty soya sauce mixed with bitter bok choy. It was really bad.Was it that I dined too late? The boyfriend and I decided to go to Jamonera to discuss a possible trip to Spain around 9pm tonight.
I dined here 8 months ago and enjoyed myself; but this time not so much. Nothing here tasted freshly prepared. The Papas Fritas lacked the heat that one would expect from a potato coming directly from the frier. The hanger steak looked succulent but was chewy and lukewarm. The rice for our seafood paella was burnt at the bottom but oddly the rice was cold. Also for 25 bucks, I expected more than 2 shrimp. The sangria was forgetful and the bread pudding was lukewarm and shockingly awful compared to the piping hot bread pudding that is served at their sister restaurant, Barbuzzo, which is nearby. The grilled side of bread which is also served piping hot and fresh at Barbuzzo, was lukewarm and hideous at Jamonera. How can there be such a difference in quality between this place and Barbuzzo which is right across the street?
The bf and I are thinking about planning a trip to Italy now.Adorable atmosphere, GREAT food & engaging waitstaff. The octopus was amazing & the churros are a must get! 
Great spot for late night dinners with friends or significant other.I love this chef.  She really really knows how to pair big bold flavors and Jamonera is no exception.  With a delightful, dark and yet warming interior, its a great dining experience.  My date and I got 2 orders of the eggplants fries.  So good.  Highly recommend this place.Got to try this place for restaurant week dinner, I loved it!
My friend and I tried the wild mushroom tosta and roasted beet & sunchokes salad for our first course. Then the Bronzino and vegetable board for our second course....i got the spicy shishitos pepper! What luck! The bread pudding and plums for our third course. Everything was delicious. The meal was filling but not too much. 
We sat outside for great people watching...if the weather wasn't so nice we would have sat inside, it had a cool vibe. Drinks were good, I had a cider, my friend had the el bourne..and The service was great!
What a great restaurant week pick. I definitely want to come back here sometime!This is another 13th Street Favorite! You will not regret eating here... if you can get in... always packed. You can always tell the great restaurants...you cant get in them.Went for happy hour. Got pretty much everything on that menu. Was alright but I wasn't blown away by anything. I got some short rib thing that was on bread that was so hard i thought I'd broken my tooth on it. Drinks were decent but you can get decent ones anywhere else around there. Nothing to write home about, prob won't go back.Very small, cool, and great atmosphere. We had brussels sprouts, mushroom flat bread, grilled octopus and stuffed meat balls.  Brussels were blah, the flat bread was very good, octopus was ok and the meat balls were awesome. Our service was really good and our waitress was very friendly and informative. We finished our night with a sundae dessert which was great.  We really enjoyed our small plate dinner and was reasonably priced.  Look forward to comI guess you have to be more of a foodie to visit here and thoroughly enjoy yourself. 
The waiter was a hovered and we ended up sitting right on top of the patrons on either side of us. Normally that's fine but when you have a bunch of sharing plates on a tiny table...  Well it gets a little old to apologize every two seconds for elbowing the other guests!
The papa fritta was pretty awesome. I also had a glass of the sangria and...  Well, it was mostly fruit. And juice. I felt a little jipped. Usually I'll get a pleasantly warm feeling from sangria but nah. Nothing. 
We got the bacon wrapped figs which weren't horrible but the bacon was SO greasy I picked it off. We also had the coca but I didn't like the honey and almond pesto and the cheese together. Very odd. 
Dessert was inedible, black pepper and sea salt on the churros. Her bread pudding was better but very soft without the nice crispy top layer and some strange ice cream that melted too fast and made everything soggy. 
If you're into "interesting" food and want to try new flavor combos, this is the place for you. 
If you want to go on a date night where you can talk to your date without a waiter hovering and don't want black pepper on your fried dough, go somewhere else.Everything we ordered came out better than I possibly could have imagined. From the drinks to the service to the menu suggestions and the food itself - spot on.
We ordered a variety of things and here is the run down:
ROASTED PORK COCA (warm san simon cheese, shaved plum, piquillo bbq, pickled cabage) I believe I uploaded a picture.  I would order this again - it was not overly heavy and since it was served on a flat bread I didn't feel stuffed.  The cabbage with the plums and bbq was great.
CRISPY CANA DE CABRA (fried goat cheese, baby beets, pistachios, dates,
local spinach, pedro ximenez sherry vinaigrette) - I enjoyed this.  The other three items were significantly better. Not to say this wasn't good... I really enjoyed it... but the other items were so much different and brought more to the table.
Stuffed Dates (not on the online menus and the details escape me) - I need to start making this for parties. They are great.  Dates wrapped in bacon with some sauce and stuffed with cheese. 
Seafood and Chicken Payaya (special of the night) - this was amazing. I could eat this all day. The rice is unlike any other rice you've had before.  Perfectly crispy and full of flavor.
Drinks 
LA GRANADA (sailor jerry spiced rum, pomegranate, cardamom, citrus & mint) - I found this refreshing and enjoyable.  I would definitely order it again. 
BLANCO ESPECIAL (smooth and rich, chamomile, lemon verbena, ginger and mint) - my date enjoyed this one more than I (i liked the rojo (below) better) - I've never had vermouth as a drink in itself before.  I'm going to start trying some more as I really enjoyed them.
ROJO GRAN RESERVA (strong and vibrant, lemon, bitters, baking spices and cola) - This was so great. Get this. Go on a limb and try something different. 
We also order a drink special that came with cheese and nuts that was really enjoyable.  It was Tapa de Madrid - I've upload a picture for you to see. 
Next time I'd like to try to calamari cooked in its own ink. I really enjoyed my dinner here and I found our server to be excellent. I really believe you cannot go wrong on 13th street.Coming to PA the past few years and the eats have been very satisfying and Jamonera is definitely on the top of list ..service was nice and friendly and the drinks were great so was the food!Our server was really good.  If you like super sweet sangria then you will like theirs.  It was way too sweet for me.  The albondigas were really tasty and  was our favorite dish of the night.  Gambas aioli was good too.  Our worst fish was the mixta paella.  It was expensive, mushy, and had uncooked rice on the bottom.  A nice touch was when we received a surprise birthday dessert of lemon sorbet.4.34: creative tapas place with great cocktails. The dates were incredibly juicy and tasty. Paella was one of the best I've had. Great place for a group dinner, cuz you won't be able to pick everything you want if you're coming with two people. The whole menu tickles your palette's mind!If I haven't raved about Jamonera before I'm about to.
Went for the second time last night. First visit was excellent minus a slight hiccup in the service. This time we wanted to try the amazing $40, 10 tapas tasting. 
It wasn't too crowded but we booked through open table to ensure we could secure a seat. We got a cramped table across from the bar and decided the bar would be much better. It was. The seats are comfy, service was great and we had plenty of room
We mused about how much food we'd get--thinking the deal would mean one bacon wrapped date on a plate. So wrong--You get a ton. The courses included a sherry plus cheese and marcona almonds, a charcuterie plate, some delicious apple goat cheese toast thing, fried potatoes, pork with pumpkin stuffing ( oh yes I did say pumpkin stuffing,) a fish dish, garlic shrimp, mussels and Brussels sprouts.
It was almost all spectacular (a couple were just great but I'm not complaining.)
We had two meals of leftovers. So worth it.
Possibly the best deal in the city. Five thumbs up.I'm sure this place gets loud and crowded, but I rated the noise level as "quiet" because we were there at 5:45 on a Tuesday (we were headed to the Academy of Music right after). There is construction across the street, so the view was not fabulous, but we didn't care. Our server (Christina?) was stunning and we pretty much ordered everything she recommended - which was the right move. Don't let the "small plates" fool you - there are a few light and refreshing items on the menu (ensalada de aguacate!), but mostly everything is cooked in pork or duck fat (no complaints here). Definitely work some iberico ham into your order (charcuterie plate or variation thereof), iberico ham croquetas were absolutely amazing, papa frita (a good-size portion, super fried for amazing crisp skins and their housemade hot sauce was the perfect complement. Not super spicy, but smokey and flavorful), pig's tail, calasparra rice... all of the dishes had some great combinations of flavors and super fresh ingredients. The fat was cut with citrus' and pickled things with crisp veggies. Oh, and the deserts! We had the olive oil ice cream with shortbreads and the "donuts" with caramel sauce. Though we were already full, we ate every last bite! 
There were a couple of reviews on here mentioning bad service or bland flavors, but we didn't experience any of that - and believe me, I can be super picky. Maybe we were just the early birds, but certainly no complaints from anyone at the table. 
I saw that they offer a late night discounted menu... I can imagine if I'm ever out late and tipsy stopping by here for a "snack" would totally hit the spot. Highly recommended, we'd go back for sure.Dined solo at a bar stool on a Monday evening around 8pm. The place was packed so there weren't tables available and I didn't want to wait any longer to eat!! The restaurant is v tiny...seats around 40 including bar stools. Ordered a cider (super refreshing and light/crisp...similar to downeast). Also got the Brussels sprouts and the albondigas. Both were awesome. Albondigas were a little too soft/mushy for my texture preference but flavor was there and sauce paired well. Brussels sprouts were cooked just right - not too firm but not mushy soft. There was also bacon and apples cubes seared in the mix.I forgot everything I had, but i remember the seafood Paella being a little too salty. But everything was great, the waiter was attentive and knew the menu well. It's a bit smaller than I thought it would be. Seating out side would be nice if you didn't have the crazy folks out.WOW.
I came here with my friend for Restaurant Week but decided I didn't like their RW menu so much. So I actually ordered from their regular menu instead.
I have to say, the food here blew my mind!!! Everything sounded impressive. While I ordered the grilled skirt steak with fingerling potatoes and some sort of cheese-based sauce, my friend ordered one of their paella dishes. We both had samples of each other's plates, and we both LOVED what we ordered. The steak was grilled to a perfect medium-rare. The cheese accompaniments and potato were great additions to my plate without overwhelming the star that was the steak. The paella was seasoned just right, and there was a pleasant chewiness to the rice - very reminiscent of a risotto.
The only thing about Jamonera that was a little upsetting was that the dishes were a little TOO rich... to the point where I had a really upset stomach after dinner. (NOT from food poisoning, but more so from all the spices and fat I assume Jamonera uses in their cooking.) Still, I would highly recommend this place and can't for the next time I'm back in again!Restaurant Week Dinner
----------------------------
I came here with my vegetarian friend (Aria S.) based on the numerous veggie options. When we were deciding on what to order for the table we were told that we would receive all three to share. Although the plates were tiny, this was actually a lot of food. We ordered a pitcher of the Rosada sangria which paired well with the food. Definitely on the low alcohol content side but tasty nonetheless.
First course- smoked bacon wrapped medjool dates
Second course- gambas al ajillo
warm nocilla bread pudding
I was shockingly pleased with the smoked bacon wrapped medjool dates. Although I love bacon, I was a little nervous about this pairing. The portion was pretty large for a first course which was great. The gambas al ajillo (seared garlic shrimp, roasted peppers, chile, smoked pimenton) was tiny but still very flavorful. I really wish it would have come with something to make it more of a main dish. I'm not a fan of bread pudding but the warm nocilla was actually delicious.We showed up 1/2 hour early on a Saturday and we were seated right away. The restaurant had just opened so we were one of the first ones there. There are maybe 12-15 tables and a bar. Its small but didn't feel cramped. It filled up quickly to max. Service was outstanding, the servers were very attentive. Drinks were filled quickly. Olives were brought out with our first drink. We started with the eggplant fries (order these!!) and chefs board. They were both very good and would recommend both. We next had the scallops and meatballs. The scallops were served with pork sausage. We felt the sausage was just ok but when eaten WITH the scallops it worked well. The meatballs were just ok, not bad but nothing to write home about. We next had the octopus and "Spanish breakfast bite". The octopus was grilled nicely and was very tender. The Spanish breakfast bite with duck sausage and quail egg was also very good though my wife thought the seasoning in the sausage a bit too aggressive. We ended with the churros and pear sorbet. Both were also very good but the churros were a bit underdone and not completely cook on the inside. Overall it was a good experience and we would probably return.If the wine doesn't smell fresh. It ain't. Why would they serve it? Wine bars need to serve good wine. Not something that has been open for a day or so.Al traduced y aceitunas for appetizer - very good
Warm manjool dates - interesting but tasty flavor combinations
Bandarillas - good
Papafrita - the best potatoes I've ever had!!!
Pigs tail a la plancha - also very delicious
Ensalada de aguacate - good
Judas verdes - very tasty veggies perfectly done
Berberechos y sepia - tasty
Crispy calaspara rice - heavy but tasty
Mile y mato - meh
Pastel de miel - meh
Tempranilli, Valdehermoso red wine 2009, Rivera del duro - best red wine I've had i a logn time
Passion fruit cocktail - very tasty mixed drink
Rotalian hermoso - tasty 
Overall, very very good. Also, really nice ambiance, and great sevice. I'll definitely be back.Pretty good.  I'd go back.  It's smallish.  Lounge-y.  Sexy.   Service is not great, but decent.  Bartenders are friendly.  Food is "good".   Not great.   Honestly, I looked at Yelp and their website.......  I was disappointed in what it actually is.    As I said, I'd go back, with lower expectations.I came in for dinner with my husband and had a $150 gift card to spend :) We had the albondigas to start which were really delicious and juicy and stuffed with manchego cheese. We then had the seared scallops which were perfectly seared on either side and very fresh. We shared the seafood paella which this is what lost a star from me, it was good but not great a little dry and lacking flavor. Now I will say that their roja sangria was hands down the best sangria I have ever had and I LOVE sangria! They infuse the simple syrup with rosemary and its just perfect. I will definitely be back for the sangria and small plates. I would also love to try their blanca sangria!Located right in the heart of Washington Square's entrepreneurial restaurant haven, this place is fantastic for tapas style dining and cocktails.
I would give the service here a generous 2.5 at best, based on my individual (and most recent) experience. I introduced an out-of-towner to Jamonera who had lots of questions about the menu, to whom the waiting/bartender seemed irritated, until my Philadelphian temperament set in and I set him straight (kindly, of course).
It's a tiny little spot, but during the week you can get in at the bar usually with a party of 2 or 3.  Quick service and the ham croquettes with horseradish as well as the papas fritas topped with garlic aioli are forever guilty pleasures.  The Moscow Mules we had to accompany were an added bonus and well done.
I can't ever decide which one of the Turney/Safran dining hubs wins my heart the most, but Jamonera is starting to put up a decent fight for number one..snobby service aside, of course.I don't generously give out five stars to places but I couldn't bring myself to give Jamonera anything less!  I went for restaurant week with four people.  We shared four courses each so I had the opportunity to try 16 dishes.  Each one was taster than the next.  The highlights for me were the bacon wrapped dates and a wonderful cocktail called the Bizet!  Another winner was the Sangria sorbet. I can't wait to go back.Jamonera is small, with delicious food and overpriced drinks.  Trendy atmosphere but cute and good for happy hour.
I went here with a friend and we sat at the bar.  The bartender first ignored us and then became friendly when he saw we were there to drink and then went back to ignoring us when I asked him to find out about a dessert and if it had nuts in it.  
We loved the Tortilla Espanola, Wild Mushroom Tosta, and Scallops.  The Berenjenas (eggplant fries) were just ok.  All in all, even the "shared plates" were small portions but delicious and good for when you're drinking to stop the insane amounts of alcohol people tend to drink, especially during happy hour :)
I would go back if someone else was paying.OMG. Tapas can't get any better than this. I perused the menu before eating there this past Saturday night, not sure what I'd end up ordering. If I had enough room to order everything on the menu, I would've. 
Even something as simple as the grilled bread on the menu was soooo yummy. From the vegetable plate to the mushroom flatbread, everything was amazing. I will definitely be back to try more. 
Other things I ordered and would highly recommend: tortilla espanola, seared scallops, pan seared branzino, and the shortribs. 
I highly highly recommend Jamonera if you have not tried it yet.First things first.  Jamon Iberico.  If you have never had this, you owe it to yourself.  This is Spain's treasure.  Acorn fed ham, cut into the thin slivers that practically melt on your tongue.  Yes, it is expensive, and you don't get a lot, but go with a few people and split an order at least.  You'll thank everyone.  Everyone.   
The country bread with tomato is a simple, basque dish that tastes more complex than it's simple presentation and title would lead you to think possible.  I could eat this for every meal.
The spanish breakfast bite is a bit of duck sausage with fried quail egg.  Very tasty, well thought out flavors.
The Medjool dates were also terrific.  The dates pair with the bacon perfectly (everything does) the cheese and apple are also nice touches. 
I would recommend getting the vegetable board.  Lots of variety for a group.  
The papa frita were good.  Crispy potatoes served with a mild vinegar hot sauce.  It was good, but I wish they had patatas bravas on the menu instead.
The last dish that I tried was the mushroom coca, a flatbread.  It wasn't over powered with mushroom, a nice balance of earthy mushroom and cheese. 
I tried a couple of cocktails: El Alhambra and the Lincoln Club Cup.  Both were good.  The Alhambra was a twist on a gin and tonic, with rosemary, ginger, and grapefruit.  The Lincoln Club Cup was a champagne cocktail.  While both cocktails were good, nothing beats Spanish wine.  That's what I'll be sticking to next time. 
Bartenders were very friendly, and offered excellent recommendations.
EDIT: my second time coming in here we came for restaurant week.  The branzino with corn was absolutely amazing, perhaps the best that I've had this fish.  I would love to see this as a permanent part of the menu.  The beet salad was also surprisingly delicious.More like 3.5 stars.
I am such a fan of the ladies of 13th Street, so I had to give this a try.
The waitress was super informative: she gave some recommendations, but pretty much explained the whole menu. This was good because it has only been 2 weeks since the place opened (thus not enough Yelp reviews for suggestions).
The decor is awesome, kind-of a Gothic appearance with a cool wall mural, black chandeliers, and wooden tables.
I tried the Warm Medjool Dates, Pig's Tail A La Plancha, Calamares Negras, and Setas A La Plancha.  The winner was definitely the pig's tail, followed by the dates. I would say the calamares were my least favorite, partly because I felt like a good 1/3 of the plate was just fried bits of ink without the calamari in it (unless my friends ate them while I wasn't looking..highly likely). I also thought it was a little salty. The mushrooms in the Setas were very flavorful, and the foie gras wasn't bad either, but I'm not a big fan of foie gras in general. For dessert, we tried the Bunuelos, and they were money, like more money then FedNuts.
Definitely can't wait to go back and try the other stuff on the menu.Fantastic dining experience! Food was spectacular, tasty, creative, and portioned well. the bacon wrapped scallops were outrageous. The pork tenderloin was excellent. great service too! will DEF be backExcellent tapas restaurant. Very authentic; reasonably priced. The dining room is very small, so I recommend a reservation. Their paella is more of a southern Spain interpretation of the dish (in my opinion, having eaten it several times in several regions) and not my favorite, but still very good. The Jamon Iberico De Bellota (cured ham) was amazing!While client assignments take me to Philadelphia from time to time, a side benefit is the discovery of gastronomic gems this city has to offer. Short of a trip to Spain, last evening's visit to the only 3 month new Jamonera was an epicurean excursion that proved to be a most delightful dining experience. As proof of its popularity, my girl friend Donna and I called early in evening to make table reservations, only to discover nothing was available till 10:15 pm. Determined, we walked in at 8 and were fortunate to find seats at the bar, which turned out to be the optimum place, as we met Brian, a superb bartender/mixologist and expert tour guide. The detailed recall of the menu below is precise as I requested a menu to keep. Every item was delicious and a few were more stellar standouts. Overall, if you love tapas, Jamonera is a culinary gem in Philly not to be missed.
Beverages: 
The Bizet cocktail($9) made with Tito's handmade vodka, passion fruit, clementine and fresh tyme. A refreshing balance of tart & sweet.
Sangria ($8). Roja Spanish red wine, brandy, tree fruits, pomegrante & orange. Deep flavors and as good as any we have tasted.
Jamonera offers a variety of fine Sherry and Vermouth. Not being a Sherry fan, I was eager to be introduced. Brian offered a sampling flight of 3. I was appreciative, but still not an enthusiast of the sherry world. It just a personal taste and no reflection on the offerings. I am sure Sherry fans would be in heaven.
However, he did make me a enthusiastic fan of Vermouth. My limited novice experience consisted of thinking Noilly Prat as the only palatable brand to be used in a martini. Dare say, I was amazed and now an appreciative fan of the Bodegas Montana Perucchi vermouth. Over the course of the evening, I had a glass of both the dry and the sweet. I enjoyed both but the Blanco Especial won my favor.
Food:
Wild Fire Oysters from NY with Seville Orange Ice and Cucumber (2/$6). This was a special menu addition that evening. I am a fan of both east and west coast, but never have I sampled a more crisp, clean and succulent oyster as these. Where have they been all my life? I will definitely seek them out in the future.
Albondigas ($9). 4 house ground pork meatballs with Ibores cheese, 4 hr tomatoe-jamon sauce served with grilled garlic bread. The cheese with the ground pork makes for a scrumptious, velvet texture. Yummy.
Wedding of Anchoas ($7). When you mention anchovies, most will cringe. These will make you a fan. Cantabrian anchovy with boquerone, ramps, peppers served with griddled bread and arbequina olive oil. One of my favorite highlights of the evening.
Iberico Ham Croquetas ($7). 4 Ibores cheese filled croquetas with horseradish crema, picked mustard seeds and guindilla peppers. These will not disappoint you.
Tuna Conserva ($8) Spanish tuna with cucumber, celery, roasted peppers, grated egg, hand torn olive oil croutons accented with a sherry vinaigrette. I love tuna as sushi, tartar, or quickly seared. Never sampled Spanish tuna, it is now a favorite. A must have and another highlight of the evening.
Calamares en su Tinta ($8). Crispy calamari fried in its own black ink with preserved lemon aioli, pimenton de la vera and garlic chips. One of my standard dishes by which I judge a chef and their kitchen is by their calamari. Their dish is the most unique and best I have ever had. Cooked perfectly. The crunch of the black ink was one of a kind. It may not look appealing at first...burnt crusty black. But get past the visual and dive into calamari that is to die for!
Quesos Artesanos ($14). A tasting platter of monte enebro/ semi-soft goat with ash rind/ fig jam valdeon/ aromatic racy blue/ quince butter aragones/ cow's milk, fruity/meyer lemon-gooseberry marmalade served with baquette & sweet olive oil-fennel cracker. A great way to sample some of the best artisan cheeses.
Charcuteria ($15). A tasting platter of country pork liver pistachio pate, salchichon de vic, fermin lomo embruchado, cantimpalo chorizo with house made black currant mustand, olivada, pickles, picas & baguette. All were tasty but the pate and the black currant mustard were the stand outs.
Dessert:
We were so full by the end of evening, all of dessert offerings were tempting. We went with the Spanish donuts served with espresso dipping sauce & chocolate granache. So good! Their pastry chef is truely an artist and my apologies for not remembering her name. (I forgot to grab a dessert menu.)
Upon leaving Jamonera, we had the unexpected fortune of meeting the owners, Chef Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran relaxing at an outside table. We expressed out profound pleasure of having discovered their growing 13th Street mecca of 6 restaurants and shops. I mentioned to Marcie that Portuguese Sardines would be a nice menu addition. She informed me that they are served at Barbuzzo, their Mediterranean restaurant across the street. OK, on our next visit. Steven Starr look out!Bad very very bad. There was nothing on the menu that did amaze us. Portions really small, expect tapitas and not tapas. Just another bad version of spanish cuisine using the tapas excuse to rip you  off.Great food, great service.   Fabulous service.
The place is small, it's a little cramped.  But that doesn't bother me.
Cocktails were original and well made.
Oops, just found this unfinished review - how did that happen??  
I was there back in May.
LOVED the place.
I'm a celiac and the chef circled all of the items on the menu that would be safe for me to eat. 
The food was fab, drinks were great, and we had awesome service.  
Can't wait to go back.We chose Jamonera for a light dinner prior to a play at the nearby Wilma theater.  The candlelit dining room was warm and inviting, and the glass of red sangria I started with was delicious and also helped to warm me up on a rainy night.  
As to food, we tried the bacon wrapped figs which were amazingly good, you must try these! The figs are stuffed with a spanish blue cheese, the contrast of rich flavors in this tapas dish was just decadent!  Also tried the papas fritas, which was a large serving of crispy potatoes with aoili and served with a sherry vinegar hot sauce on the side. These were very good, though not as amazing as the figs, and the dish was a rather large serving for the two of us and might be better shared with 3 or 4 people.
After these appetizers, we were practically full so had salads for our "entree."  I recommend the salad with the crispy fried goat cheese. The salad with the ham and melon was not as good.,
Finished off the meal with some spanish style donuts (bunuelos) which were quite yummy coated in cinnamon sugar and served with a salty/sweet caramel/coffee flavored sauce.
There is a nice selection of Spanish wines by the glass.
Overall a good meal here.Stopped in without a reservation on a Thursday night around 9 and had to wait 45 mins so we grabbed some drinks at the bar. I didn't love that it was really dark inside, but that's just part of the ambiance.
I ordered mushroom flat breads, scallops, and stuffed meatballs to split with a friend. All three plates were incredible. I'm definitely a seafood connoisseur and the scallops were perfectly cooked and seasoned. Meatballs were so yummy. I highly recommend the mushroom flat breads to everyone whether vegetarian or not, you won't be disappointed.
I'm coming back for restaurant week and super excited to try more options without breaking the bank.The food here is amazing! I didn't even mind the tight space, because it just felt cozy and intimate.
The mushroom flat bread was def one of the favorites dishes of the night, followed by the eggplant fries that were a tad spicy but crispy and moist on the inside, then the signature shaved salad that was so much bigger than expected, the scallops were also pretty good (note entrees are same size as appz), and finally the croquettes (which were a bit greasy). The dessert was this awesome dark chocolate bread pudding with caramel and ice cream.
The prices were also quite reasonable unlike some of the other places, and for all of those dishes it was about $30 per person! Plus priceless mouth memories! Can't wait to go back!I went to Jamonera a few weeks ago for restaurant week and had a wonderful time! The evening started off with four different plates to share and I enjoyed all of them except for the small bowl of olives and beans. For the first course we had the Albondigas and the Smoked Bacon wrapped Medool Dates. For the second course we had the Grilled Skirt Steak and the Gambas a la Plancha. For dessert we ordered the Calasparra Rice Pudding and the Sangria/ Blood Orange Sorbet. All of the plates were delicious and the service was wonderful. My only turn off was the sauce on the meatballs. I know that Jamonera and LIttle Nonna's are under the same branch, but it was clear to me that both restaurants use the same sauce. The sauce is fine, but they could have changed it up a bit!I would love to have given this place 4.5 stars, but didn't want to gip them anything. We had a wonderful waitress. She gave us great recommendations for food and drink. We ordered 2 small plates, 1 toast, 1 salad, and 2 shared plates - a mix of lighter and richer dishes left us feeling full but not overly stuffed, a perfect balance! (The dessert, which I would definitely recommend, may have pushed me to the stuffed side. My boyfriend however felt it was just the right amount) The anchovies were amazing! We also had the crispy rice and the foie gras, which were both spectacular. The spanish doughnuts were super light and airy. Our sangria was refreshing, no syrupy heaviness here. The atmosphere was great, laid back with excellent service. I liked the decor and the bar was beautiful. Tables and bar were buzzing until 12ish. Overall a great experience!What a great experience.  Reminded me of NYC- the atmosphere and the food were on-par with a hot/intimate date night!  We came here before seeing the orchestra.  We were careful with the drinks because they were pricey- but wow they were delicious!  The tapas were sooooo yummy.  We literally licked the plates clean.  We ate all three tapas plates like chopped chefs... This is what it took to pretend there was anything bad to say about the food.  Service was outstanding and it was the perfect Saturday night city experience!Was happy to find jamon iberico bellota here -
Yum! Good cocktails, decent wine, friendly bartender.Low-key, 10th Anniversary date night with my husband. The restaurant has indoor and outdoor seating. I recommend a reservation as space is limited, yet cozy. The staff was friendly and the food was good. We shared the following dishes... mushroom coca, chistorra chorizo, and paella mixta. Delicious. Even though the portions are not over-sized, which is nice, it was enough to fill us up. We had to pass on dessert... which was a bummer.  Oh, and our drinks from the bar were well made. We'll be back...Solid restaurant! As other reviewers have mentioned, this cannot hold a candle to Amada, but it has its own merits.
For one, it's more casual. Going to dinner at Amada feels more celebratory in nature. Secondly, they have some great Spanish vermouth drinks here. The waitress told us Jamonera is the only restaurant in the country that serves it. Definitely worth a try.
As for the food, very typical of Marcie Turney. There were a couple dishes, like the fideua, that are similar to dishes available at Barbuzzo. The two most outstanding dishes were the mussels and octopus. The mussels were prepared ceviche style with edible mussel shells. Very interesting preparation, very fresh. The octopus was the most pillowy textured octopus I have ever had. It was charred on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. The waitress told us the chef pressure cooks the octopus, then grills them to get the texture.
Definitely give this place a try. I love 13th Street and am happy to see that there are more (good) restaurants opening up.Went here with a date recommended by Cal at Little Nonna's and had the Bizet (Vodka, passion fruit, clementine & fresh thyme) and it was outstanding. The Sazerac was also dynamite. Doug is a cool bartender. Full stars.Ambiance:  It is a tremendously cool space.  It is dark and sexy.  I loved that the decor was so rich and dense, even though this is a rather small space.
Service:  Great service, just as I would expect for a Turney and Safran restaurant.  Waitstaff is professionally personable.
Food:  There were some highlights and a few disappointments.  Perhaps I let my expectations get too high.  The lancaster pig egg had delicious pork belly on top, but a cold deviled egg below.  The cold temperature was a bit jarring and made the egg a bit chewy.  I am sure that if the egg wasn't cold, it would have been the perfect bite of textures and flavors melding into one.  I was excited for the papa frita and they came out steaming hot.  Unfortunately, none of the seasoning came through and it just ended up tasting like a hunk of potato that was fried too hard on the outside.  I couldn't tell whether the grilled spanish octopus was actually grilled because the texture was quite soft and there was no hint of smokiness in the flavor, but it was perfectly delectable however it was made.  I have never had octopus with such a soft texture, interesting.
Overall:  I will definitely come back!  Coming here for a meal and drinks is an experience on account of the striking ambiance and unique culinary offerings (relatable for even the most simple of eaters but gives an interesting twist).  Since it is such a small space, I would recommend coming with small parties only.