It was my fiance's birthday and he decided he wanted a good, laid back Thai restaurant for dinner. Yelp steered us in the Jasmine Rice direction, and it was definitely a good decision. We wanted the summer rolls, which were on the menu, but apparently will not be available until summer, so we settled on the pan-fried dumplings. The flavor was good, but I don't think we'd order them again. We got the green curry fried rice with duck and chicken pad thai. Both of those dishes were great, but the duck stole the show. That was some the of tastiest duck I've ever had. The pad thai was a bit sweet for us, so I think we'd try a different noodle dish when we return. But it was still very good, especially with some chili sauce mixed in. Our service was good, but other people had issues. One table was rushing to get to a show at the Kimmel Center and waited quite a while for their meal (and were going to be late). Another person who got take-out was missing one of their items (but the owner realized it and called him and walked the dish to his house, which was very nice). Overall, good quality Thai! We would definitely go back.The food was very good. The reason for the three stars is the noise level. I was with three other people in a corner table and we had to shout to hear each other. If the restaurant could work on the noise level, it would absolutely get more stars. The pad see ew got great reviews from the person who ordered it. I got The King and I (veg/chicken/shrimp stir fry) and it was excellent. Nice heat and curry flavor. The pad thai was a bit sweet I thought, but the person who ordered it really liked it.
Portion sizes are not enormous. We had some leftovers but also didn't come in starving.
Good service, very attentive. The noise level was the only negative.I have walked by this restaurant countless times, so sweetheart and I finally ventured in.  First observation was that only 2 small tables were full when we arrived, yet I needed a haircut by the time our food arrived.  Second, I ordered a mild chicken dish (which was down-right bland), and sweetheart ordered a spicy seafood dish, which was absolutely ridiculously hot.  I do not exaggerate when I say that 1/3 red hot chili peppers.  Virtually inedible!  This restaurant is clearly a horror, living off of the tourists.  No Philly dweller would frequent this place.Great food and service. However, I recently found out that the tips do not go to the waiters.... Which should say on the menus.We went there yesterday based on the (mostly good) reviews on Yelp. The service was very courteous and that is the only reason why I'd give it 2 stars instead of 1. They can prepare dish, according to their menu, at different spice levels. So, I selected one of the dishes that looked interesting (The King and I) and I ordered it to be prepared at medium spice without the pineapples that apparently came with it.
The dish came stocked with pineapples tasting like shrimps in sugar syrup ! I was in a hurry and didn't want to make a fuss of it, but regardless, when the host came by to ask how the dish was, I mentioned that it was too sugary. He explained that somehow his internet system had gone down when he was sending the instructions to the kitchen. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt, but with only 2 tables occupied in the entire restaurant at the time, perhaps a little more attention to what is happening in the kitchen and how the food is being served would do well.
I'd accept their apology, but to be a great restaurant, you need to look at various aspects of the experience and simply being courteous to guests is only but 2/5ths of task at hand.Excellent service, cute establishment, nice neighborhood. Good cuisine, efficient & accurate. 
BYOBOne of the best Thai restaurants that I have ever been to!  The Pad Thai was unbelievable- full of great tastes. And for dessert, order the White Elephant. You will not be disappointed.  The owner has served me twice, and both times he is so friendly that i enjoyed giving him a good tip. He truly cares about his customers' experience unlike most restaurant owners who care about the bottom line.Had a nice, quiet dinner here last Wednesday and would certainly recommend. Our reservation was not necessary as only a few other patrons cycled through the restaurant throughout the evening, but since it's a fairly small space, it's probably not a bad idea to make a reservation just in case (and especially on a weekend).
The service was friendly and unobtrusive, and the interior of the restaurant feels homey and intimate. Upon arrival, we were immediately greeted, seated, and provided an ice bucket for our BYO bottle of white. We lingered a while after dinner to finish the wine and did not feel unwelcome or rushed at all. And dinner itself was very good; my green curry was just the right amount of spicy, and the portions were small enough to finish but large enough to be filling. Great place for a casual evening on a quiet block near Rittenhouse!Good not great!
sweet atmosphere and kind servers, there was totally nothing wrong with the food it just didn't blow me away.
coconut soup - not the best I've ever had but really fine, tasty and satisfying
Thai basil meatballs - the best thing we ordered. Nice char on the meat and they came with what appeared to be fried basil leaves, which were kind of awesome
Golden triangles - fried tofu, don't bother
I'm local so maybe I'll be back if I'm craving Thai.This restaurant is delicious and has reasonable prices. We had a group of 12 and after being turned away by several places, jasmine rice accommodated the party in a short amount of time. Service was fast and friendly. We had a great experience here.Very very good restaurant! The food was sooo good and the service was great too!!!! Definitely coming back again:))We came here twice for dinner. The first time there was a party of 12 or more, so it was very noisy, but the food was good so we decided to try again. The second time, there was also a party of 12 or more and the noise was unbearable. It wasn't just the large party.  The owners have squeezed so many tables here it feels like dining on SEPTA during rush hour. Our table was the size of a hubcap and we were jammed into an alcove alongside a pair of students from University of the Arts. We now know every detail of the drama department's spring lineup. Getting to the ladies' room was like running an obstacle course.  All we could do was pray they would bring our food fast (which they did) so we could scarf it down and get out of there. No pad see ew on earth is worth that kind of experience.Food is good. Much better than the average americanized Thai. They got a different twist on the food which makes it original yet authentic. As opposed to other reviews I actually enjoyed the Tom-Yum. It's different than any Tom-Yum I ate in Thailand but still good. I also tried the the Red Curry and some other entrees. All were good. Some very good. Never mind-blowing though.
Now the reason I decided to give it 3 stars is because at the end of the day the food lacks in the bang-for-the-buck department. The portions always seem a little too small and more than a little expensive. For a soup and an entree you'll pay over $20 after taxes, and you're not very likely to have any leftovers. The rice container for the take-out was as small as I've ever seen in any other Asian restaurant I've ever gotten food from.
I live close-by so I'll be back, but not nearly as often as I would like to, unless one of the following happens: the food gets exceptional, the prices drop or the portions get bigger. The restaurant needs to work on giving a more generous air and not feel just a tiny bit stingy.I visited last week. The food was delicious! I ordered the lemongrass soup and the pad thai. Very tasty and lovely presentation. I definitely would recommend it.French comment : nourriture bonne et rapport qualité / prix très satisfaisant ! En revanche, il semble que je n'ai pas eu de chance...mais l'attente a été interminable pour se faire servir ! Perte d'une étoile pour cela...Went here for Friday night dinner.  We made reservations which was good because it was crowded.  The place is small and tightly packed but once you are seated, you should be good. 
T ordered the Ginger Scallion Dumplings and I the Jasmine Rice Salad.  The dumplings were very hot but evidently delightful and my salad was fresh and had perfectly pan seared tofu and a delicious curry peanut dressing.
For main entrees, T ordered the Jatujak stir-fry and I the Panang Curry with tofu.  WE were both slightly concerned about the portion sizes because they looked rather small.  But by small, I actually mean perfectly sized and once we finished eating, we were both full but not uncomfortable, as so often happens to us when we eat yummy food.  The main courses were very flavorful, although T wanted more spice and I wanted less.  
The staff was really nice and they were filling our water like crazy.
While everything was tasty and the service was good, there wasn't really anything that stood out about Jasmine Rice.  It is a very solid Thai restaurant and if I happen to be in the area and craving Thai, I will definitely be back but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.Ok food, very small portions. Expensive according to what you get. I'm not coming back!Try the vegetarian pad see ew! It was super super yummy came with broad noodles that had the perfect amount of flavor and onions bell peppers, egg and broccoli and green beans. Also came with delicious tofu if you get the veggie version. Really really great food! Can't wait to go back.The food here is always wonderful. The flavors all seem fresh and detailed. No dish taste like the other and it comes out quickly. Please do not let the illusion of small portion sizes turn you away. In fact, it is properly serve were you wont leave hungry or sluggish. My only suggestion is that if you have a party more than 2, to call ahead. They try to use their space as best as possible but it can feel like you are on top of each other. If you ever get to visit the owners are usually there waiting with a smile and a story.Really nice and quiet atmosphere with sweet and friendly owner who treated us and made us feel like we were dining in her home. It was pretty empty when we were there and I think opened not too long ago, which is part of why I felt compelled to write about how nice an experience I had to help grow word of mouth! Delicious and affordable food - try the massaman curry! Will definitely return and recommend to others :)Excellent service and delicious, authentic Thai food. Our server/the owner was very helpful in describing the food and how it is made, when we asked. The Satay Chicken and Crispy Spring Rolls appetizers were amazing - especially the homemade sauces for each!  Entree size was a little smaller than at some other Thai places, but that may be because we ordered from the lunch menu. Reasonably priced, especially for the neighborhood. We will definitely return!Just ok. Nothing special going on here except the service which is excellent! Food I'd mediocre at bestI normally don't like any type of coconut curry, but man the red curry here was on point. Yum!My sister and I decided to have dinner here last Friday. We definitely had high hopes! We left pretty disappointed...
Service is super slow and inattentive. Food is not bad- when they get it right. They completely messed up our whole order.
I expected more...too bad...maybe carry out next time (shrugs)Delicious BYO in Philly! I love that Philly have BYO restaurants that are actually nice and classy (to some degree) and have delicious food. My first experience was at Mercato and now at Jasmine Rice - both did not disappoint at all! 
We ordered a variety of dishes and here are my recommendations: 
+Green curry
+Pad kee mao
+basil tofu dish with egg on top
+green tea mocha
The service is probably what set the good thai food apart from other thai restaurants - it was a nice sit down thai restaurant, without too much fuss / extravagant pricing, and considering we sat there for 4+ hours, the service was extremely kind. We were never asked to move faster than our pace, our waters kept refiling and our waiter had no issues clearing our numerous wine bottles. We were one of the last parties in there and he still very happily gave us dessert recommendations. The one thing that was off was that our dishes didn't come out together so we waited awkwardly for all 4 main courses to arrive before we started eating. Other than that, I would definitely come back here for another BYO dinner!Service is SLOW. Waitress was sleepy. Ignored my request for mild spices. Food arrived WAY too spicey. Wake up, waitress! Listen to me when I say "MILD spice."Many people have recommended Jasmine Rice to me because they say the food is delicious and the BYOB factor is an added bonus. I got the Chicken Pad Thai for myself and the Crispy Spring Rolls to share with my vegetarian friend. The food wasn't that great, but the customer service was good and I like how cozy the restaurant is. I will probably go back at some point but would definitely want to try something else on their menu.Beautiful ambiance. Solid food. I would definitely go here again. Worth it and it was good for the price points.Great food, great service, love it all around! Favorite & go-to Thai spot in the city.We saw that Jasmine Rice had opened up on Spruce and 16th.  We were excited to try out a new Thai restaurant so we headed out for a nice weeknight dinner...
Food: 4.0 stars
Our meal was delicious.  Quality ingredients, well prepared and all in the spirit of authentic Thai cuisine.  We had the:
--PAD KEEMAO with Chicken: The noodles are excellent and everything is seasoned so well.
--CURRY SHIRMP served with Jasmine Rice- Spicy. Fresh vegetables which could have been cooked just a little longer with perfectly cooked Shrimp.
Service: 2.5 stars
Its a family restaurant and the servers are obviously not well seasoned or even trained to be waitresses.  So its kind of a rough patch as the restaurant is getting started.  They are very nice and courteous to patrons.
Location: 4.0 stars
16th and Spruce in Rittenhouse
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
The restaurant is very simple and yet beautiful.  I like the simplicity and the soothing atmosphere.  Definitely a great date spot.
Initial Overall: 3.5 stars
BONUS: BYOB and they accept credit cards
Overall: 4.0 stars
Definitely give Jasmine Rice your support as they are starting up a restaurant which serves delicious food in a nice, quiet setting.  You'll leave with a good experience.Excellent food nice place and great service price for 3 course  for 2 people  was 45.00Maybe I just love any place that is a BYOB because when I am drinking as much wine as I want, I tend to have an enjoyable experience.
That being said, this place is great.  The servers were so kind and friendly.  The atmosphere is really nice, but it is tiny.  The spring rolls were pretty tasty.  My Pad See Ewe was delicious.  My friend got the Penang curry and his meal was on point.  I guess the only complaint is the fact that as others have said, I usually have a lot of leftovers when I eat at Thai restaurants, but this time I had none..but that could've been the wine inside me eating all of the delicious food.
I would definitely go back!I have been looking for the best Pad Thai since moving to Philly in June and, by jove, I think I've found it!! I tried to eat the food as slow as possible so I could enjoy every bite but man was it hard. Also, DJ is super sweet and very attentive. I will be back...probably tonight for dinner...Ignore all the negative reviews,  especially from the people who haven't actually eaten there! My husband and I ate there with two other couples and stopped by an hour early to drop off our BYOB, and they were happy to hold our wine and beer while we walked around town. The service was friendly and attentive and the food was so good. We shared many appetizers and a couple of entrees and our bill was still under $100 for 6 people! We will definitely be back and I would highly recommend!This was the worst meal I ever had. The seafood combo was not cooked and tasted foul. I felt sick afterwards. I do not recommend it here at all. I almost passed out from the food and taste.The food was quite delicious. I had the red curry and my friends had the Panang curry. There was no food left when we were done. I like my food spicy and I asked for level 5. That was wonderful for me. But beware, most people cannot handle that level of spic.
The ambiance is very nice. It's not a huge place where you would get lost, nor is it a tiny place that you feel like you're touching elbows with your neighbor.
The service was excellent, very friendly and fast. 
The only suggestion I would make is to increase the portion of rice. A half a cup may not be sufficient for most people.I absolutely love thai food and this place had great flavors and very good service. The manager/ owner made it a point to stop by and check on us and made us feel incredibly welcome.I would highly recommend stopping in for a dinner at Jasmine Rice. They were very accommodating for our party of 9 that took up half their restaurant. We were seated immediately and the service was remarkable. I enjoyed the 'King and I' which was a signature curry dish featuring the delicious jasmine rice. Everything was enjoyable-from the spring rolls, to the curry, to the green tea dessert. You will not regret stopping here for some delicious Thai food.I placed a reservation for Jasmine rice and was taken care of gracefully. We we're seated in a well lit table with a window view. The restaurant was short of help, so service was not 100%, but she was showing effort. We ordered pad tai and pad se ew. The pad see ew was delicious, but pad tai was very sweet and was an acquired taste. Overall this was a good Thai kitchen in Rittenhouse.One of my favorite Thai places in Philly. Mostly I go there because it's close to where I live, and the staff is really adorable -- they really care about their customers! I'm a big fan of their noodle dishes, the crab appetizer, and the duck fried rice. Their soups aren't my favorite, unfortunately, and I wouldn't recommend getting take-out/delivery, because it often arrives in a sub-par state. The fact that their BYO makes it a great place to go with a group!Loved this place!  The service was amazing, they were busy but made us feel special, and we didn't even have a reservation or a special event planned.  The owner came over and talked to us like we were friends, not strangers and he smiled a genuine and caring smile...something was so nice about this.  He really seemed happy to be there and happy that we were there.  This is so rare in many businesses and restaurants in Philly.  The food was delicious.  We had the flaming duck.  It was not on the dinner menu, but we saw someone else with it, asked the waiter about it, and they were happy to make it for our table.  It was tender and flavorful, really an A plus meal.  The place is small and cozy but not too over crowded and it was relatively quiet for the number of people that were there.  You could comfortably talk to your date without raising your voice, but at the same time there was an energy around you.  The table in front of us had a large baby stroller with them and the waiter pulled out the chairs and removed them so that the stroller would fit comfortably into the dinner table.  That is good customer service.  I highly recommend this place for an affordable, special night.  The price was good for the quality of food and service.Jasmine Rice is a small restaurant, with a pleasant but simple interior and very nice and accommodating owner.  We enjoyed really tasty dishes, as described below.  Satay Chicken ($7) appetizers with a peanut sauce a little thinner and more subtle than is typical. The fantastic Thai Papaya Salad ($7) was very colourful and tasty decorated with a modest amount of chopped peanuts  a seasoned with a delicious and a little spicy lime dressing- not a huge salad, but adequate for appetizer.  The Chicken Pad Khimao contained well-cooked broad noodles, veggies, and chicken in a great, spicy sauce soy-garlic-onion-sweet basil, etc.  The Crispy Duck Fried Rice contained crispy-crusted slices of duck over rice, with a sort of smokey flavour.  Dinner entrees are adequate in size, but not large. We will be returning to try more.Food was decent, but does not stand up to the Smile Cafe - Erawan standard. The drunken noodle was flavorful but quite greasy. The pad thai was good. Very courteous staff. Will definitely return if Smile Cafe is closed.I really wanted to love this place.  The place is the former Warsaw Cafe location and is super cute on the inside and out.  The service was a bit slow, but the owner/waiter/food runner was extremely friendly.  The restaurant was relatively full but they only had 1 waitress and the owner who functioned as a waiter/food runner.  I heard the owner telling someone that his wife makes all the food and she only makes one dish at a time...which doesn't seem like the best idea.  This may also explain why the food didn't come out piping hot.
Appetizers: Fried tofu- good, but could have been crispier.  Thai papaya salad was pretty good as were the thai basil meatlballs, but I felt like it could have used some kind of dipping sauce or something since they were a bit dry.
Entrees: Pad Thai- super super al dente.  Some of the noodles were basically uncooked and the pad thai was a bit dry.  My friend got the panaeng curry with duck which was actually delicious.  
I will probably give this place another try.  It is relatively new so perhaps they need some time to work out some things.The service here is great and the environment is relaxing, but the food is closer to a 3 or 3.5 than a 4. I will continue to go to Jasmine Rice, and if the food reaches a 4 or 5 status I will update this review. However, in the meantime, I am checking out other Thai food places in the area.It was a little cold and blustery the other day and I wanted something warm and comforting. We had walked by Jasmine Rice before but never tried it. We decided to stop in yesterday for a really late lunch. I had the lemongrass soup with tofu and vegetables. The soup was like Tom Yum soup but a little sweeter. Overall decent and I would get it again. My boyfriend had the chicken satay and then we split the red curry chicken and had brown rice. 
My only comment on the red curry was that it was lacking in vegetables. The chicken portion was fine but it seemed like instead of vegetables, there were a ton of bamboo shoots. The flavor of the curry was nice and I thought the medium spiciness was dead on.  I thought the portions overall looked small but they ended up being really filling. I would definitely go back and try out more dishes !Honestly I can't give feedback on the food, but tonight I did try try try to order carry-out from Jasmine Rice. I called for 15 or 20 minutes and the phone line had a busy signal the entire time. I think this is pretty unacceptable and I am so disappointed i won't be able to try out their Massaman curry tonight.I went to Jasmine Rice on a Friday at 8pm. It was empty when we got there, but boy did it fill up! There were three of us at a very cozy table. We had the spring rolls and the ginger scallion dumplings. I loved both. The lighting wasn't great, and the door kept opening and it was COLD in there. They have a curtain, presumably to keep this from happening, but it was open and not in use while we were there. I would imagine (and hope) that they use this as we get deeper into winter. I hate eating when I'm uncomfortable. 
I had green curry, which was good, but not the five pepper spice I had requested. If you really like your Thai food spicy, ask for more than the five on the menu. I couldn't taste the spice at all. The food was good, and the portion appropriate. None of us had leftovers, which happens to me more often than not at Thai places. My dinner mates also noted that the spice level was extremely low in their dishes. We probably won't go back, but it was fine and the location was super convenient.Love. It.
Take out is quick and always hits the spot. Owner is super friendly and if you bite the bullet, the Thai spicy burns in all the right ways.
Brown rice is extra though =(Nice people, but food is very sweet. We had the pad Thai and massaman curry, and couldn't stomach either.BYOB made all the difference! Food was just okay, nothing to write home about but not awful either. Stay away from the calamari. Ours may have just been overlooked but my goodness, they shouldn't have served it. Curry was tasty but they give you such a tiny scoop of rice you'll have to ask for more multiple times. I'm sure there is better Thai around but if you find yourself in the area and you have a bottle of wine, check it out. Maybe...Best Thai I've had in the city out of the four places I've tried. 
The service is amazing. The owners are extremely nice and will cater to whatever you need, especially food allergies. I've only had lunches there but have never had a problem with the food taking too long. Since the owner's wife is the only chef, I imagine if it's really busy, it would take a little while but it is worth the wait in my opinion. 
My favorite dish is the green curry fried rice with shrimp. It's pretty spicy but has a great flavor and the shrimp is always tender. It's a lot of food to eat but somehow I always manage to finish. I've also had the duck fried rice and that's also very good. The papaya salad is my goto appetizer as it has a great crunch and tastes great. They do theirs slightly different than most places as it doesn't have any dried shrimp or fish sauce. As far as I know, it's vegan. Doesn't detract from the flavor at all and I actually prefer it. My coworkers love the crab nuggets. They tend to sell out of those quickly though. 
The prices aren't too much different than other Thai places. If they're slightly higher, it's cause they're food is slightly better.
One day I'll go there to dinner with my fiance and add onto this review.Probably the most authentic Thai restaurant in Rittenhouse with friendly service and very good food.  
Some highlights:
1. Pad See Yew: Made with Chinese broccoli and plenty of egg in a savory sauce.  Very very good.
2. Red Penang Curry: Spicy and creamy with fresh veggies, plenty of beef, and the best curry broth.
3. Ginger stir-fried chicken: Amazingly savory and cooked with tender pieces of chicken breast.  Great if you are looking for a non-spicy dish.
4. Crispy duck fried rice: The duck definitely rivals Morimoto's with tender meat and a crispy skin.  The rice is delicious with plenty of veggies and egg.  
5.  Siam Salmon: Great tangy sauce with a delicious fillet accompanied by crispy, fried crab.  Love!
6. Salt and Pepper Shrimp Rolls: Filled with actual whole jumbo shrimp and served with a delicious dip.  This is unique to Jasmine Rice so highly recommend trying.
7. Papaya Salad: Good but not differentiated from the other versions.
8. Chicken Lettuce Wraps: A great spicy version of a classic.  It's a Gar pao accompanied with large Romaine leaves.  I would recommend getting a bowl of sticky rice and having the chicken with the rice.
Service is very attentive but the seating is pretty cramped so definitely book reservations for a party of more than 2.  It was a Tuesday night and packed!  Will be back to try more of the curries but so far so good!The mango sticky rice is divine. Unfortunately it's seasonal. The food is OK - prices reflect the location more than the quality. Service is great. Atmosphere is relaxing. 3.5 starsIt's a really cute little cozy place, with super friendly staff and very prompt service.  The food was very good, as well.  No complaints!My husband and I stumbled across this place by chance after wandering about Rittenhouse Sq. for half an hour trying to find a suitable, reasonably priced place for dinner.  (We're from out of town.)
I would give this restaurant 5 stars based on service alone.  
We went in because we saw "drunken duck" on the sidewalk menu (and I love duck more than anything).  I tempered my expectations though, because I have a gluten allergy that prevents me from being able to eat dishes made with normal soy sauce and duck is usually prepared with soy sauce.  When I asked about it inside, the owner came over and explained that there is indeed soy sauce in the base.  But before my heart even had time to break, he told me that he could make a special version of it for me without the soy sauce.  A few minutes later, he brought out a ramekin of the sauce for me to taste test for spice level.  It was *delicious*.  
Needless to say, the dish was fantastic.  The sauce was a perfect mix of sweet, and spicy and the duck was crispy skinned with moist delicious meat inside.  Even the Chinese broccoli on which it was served was smoky and wonderful, having been doused in brandy & rum and set on fire!  (Extra credit for flair.)
And lest I feel guilty that the chef/owner went to all this trouble for me, he came out again after we ate to tell me that he enjoyed the challenge of preparing the dish without soy sauce.  If only all chefs reacted that way to customers' dietary restrictions!  Talk about above and beyond...
We will be back here for sure when we move to the city.
(Oh, and my husband, who claims not to like Thai food, had a beef dish involving oyster sauce and he enjoyed it thoroughly.)This place can be defined as a Thai place with a twist. The owner cum chef uses his heritage and combines it with the modern. You can be assured that the food that comes on your table is as fresh as it gets. Extremely child friendly and warm people made this an amazing lunch for us. Though the dessert menu could use some more items, you mustn't miss the white elephant. Can't wait to come back and try the drunken duck :)Very cozy place and good food. Had the jasmine fried rice and vegetables and tofu.This was a big disappointment. My husband and I love Thai food, but the food here was average at best. The curry dishes were small and unfulfilling. Also, we were a group of 8 that had to wait for over an hour for our order. When we asked the waiter about it he was indifferent and didn't try to apologise or compensate us.Service is very nice...but all the food are way too sweet, feels like americanized thai rather than mix of sour and sweet thai authenticity....Fantastic Thai food in the heart of Philadelphia. It's a small restaurant, so definitely make reservations if you're coming on a peak night. You can customize the protein and spice level in almost all of the menu items, so their food is definitely vegetarian friendly. I would recommend their soups, which are all packed with flavor (my favorite is tom yum), and their basil fried rice. Try "Thai-spicy" level is you really want a kick!Went here for dinner recently, it was really great! We started with spring rolls and then had the shrimp pad thai. My only complaint was the pad thai was kind of a smaller portion. But it was really good. Also the service was excellent. So many BYOBs you are constantly rushed out the door. But not here. Will definitely return.If you have eaten in Thailand or tasted real authentic Thai food in New York or LA, you will find this place very disappointing. Food is tasteless. You can order your food requesting level of spiciness. I asked for "Thai level" spiciness, the red duck curry and chicken green curry were still bland. The Thai beef salad had well done chucks of beef instead of rare slices as it should be. The dressing for the this beef salad was ok. The Chicken coconut soup (Tom Ka Gai) was again tasteless. The best thing with this restaurant is the service. Very friendly and efficient.We came here on a thursday night around 6 before an orchestra concert at the Kimmel Center. Most of the tables had reservation tags on them. Since there was only 3 tables taken at that time, we were seated. I wanted to hear Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg's preconcert talk at 7, so I wanted a place nearby. We did make it to the talk on time. (and she was worth hearing talk as well as play)
I've uploaded a few photos. We had the green curry with chicken and "the king and I". The green curry is good. Two things to point out though. Whenever you see a menu where you can choose the meat - here you can add chicken, beef, shrimp, duck, salmon, seafood or none - you know that it has not been cooked in the curry. This chicken was not dry as is the usual case with such menus. The other thing that would have improved it is the addition of fresh kaffir lime leaves. Otherwise, the curry is better than the low end Maesri canned paste curries you find in mediocre Thai food places.
The Kind and I came with shrimp and chicken. The sauce was Prik Khing - a gingery paste - without coconut milk like a curry. It tasted like the shrimp and chicken were cooked in the sauce. It was good.
I've had Thai food all over the world, including Thailand. This place does not rank among the best. But locally it is among the best.
The space is indeed small and the tables are close together. By the time we left (6:45 or so) it was fairly full. The crowd was mostly composed of concert goers. So, the too-cool-for-this-planet hipster crowd was not in evidence. If that is what you are seeking, then Monk's is only a block away.I came here for a quick Thai lunch on New Years Eve, mainly picked this place because it is in a very convenient location to Rittenhouse Square Park and Liberty Place.  This is also close to the residential parking as well, because lets face it, putting paying for parking just sucks.  The lady, probably the owner, is very friendly and the food came out quick and prompt.  
Everything we ordered was very flavorful and good: lemongrass soup, which is a chicken broth type of soup, not creamy; chicken pad see eww, very similar to chow fun in Chinese restaurants but way better tasting and more flavor; chicken pad thai, very good perfectly cooked.  
A place that I'd definitely return if in the mood for Thai and recommended for others to go!Had takeout a few times from hear.  Really nothing special.  Flavor profiles of my lemongrass soup and pad Thai were very basic and bland.This place is awesome. My wife and I visited this place and ordered lemon grass soup, satay chicken, green curry and jatujak stir fried. The server asked for our preferred spice level on a scale of 1 to 5 while his suggestion being 2-3. It's pity I tried to challenge their spice level and asked for 4, should have listened to him. Anyway, it was really hot and we started sweating soon. However still we could feel ta flavour and it was amazing, one of the best places that you can have in Philly. The service was awesome and the server was repeatedly asking if we are doing fine. Will visit there again.Although I liked the appetizers we got there  was not impressed with their version of Phad Thaii but that could be personal preference. It's honey based and a bit sweeter then I normally like.This is an all-around 2 star place in just about every way you can imagine. Absolutely nothing stands out about it except for the few things that I disliked.
However, they are conveniently located RIGHT across my apartment. That is pretty cool and I was excited to see a Thai restaurant so close by, even though there are already quite a few Thai places in Center City.
The fact that they set up shop in a nice little neighborhood is attractive, but I feel like the novelty of this place stops there. 
The inside looks pretty lively most of the time which is inviting but the decor and set-up is rather plain and almost cafeteria-like in nature with its ordinary red picnic-tables and somewhat bare walls that even display an elementary school style fire-bell on the wall. 
The tables have no place settings, no coasters and no glass top either, although they are polished well.
Tables are somewhat close together but not so much so that it's annoying. The table all the way to the far back left corner however is poorly located right in front of the cash register. Not only do you get to hear ever other table being rang up while you sit there but if you're lucky you get to overhear some of the very unprofessional comments and discussion of the staff who think that no one can hear them. No matter how friendly they are to you and how well you're served, they lose a little of that customer-service friendliness when right after they say please/thank you, they walk two feet away from you and stand there swearing and making comments you'd hear on the street. Just because they aren't aimed at anyone in particular makes no difference, it's just plain rude and unprofessional. 
As for the food- it's what you would expect of a random place like this: It wasn't the best Thai food I've ever had and it wasn't the worst either. At this point it's so widely available I feel like any place that is just NOW opening a Thai restaurant needs to bring a little something extra to the table. Jasmine Rice doesn't really do that and that's why it's a cute but forgettable experience that I can't really recommend to anyone else.One of my favorite Thai place in Philadelphia. I would recommend this place. My favorite are the Panang Curry & dessert "white elephant"I had dinner here and it was wonderful.  It's a very nice, intimate place.  Perfect for a date night!  The service was great, quick but not rushed.  I am a huge fan of Thai food.  They offer the best dishes without having an overwhelming long menu, which is good.  I will definitely go back very often.I'll start by saying we went on a Friday night around 7:15pm, arguably the busiest time of the night.
Luckily it was just 2 of us so we got a seat right away, the place was completely full at that point. First person to greet us is the chef, which is a nice surprise, but as time goes on we realize it's just because his waitress staff is very busy.
Menu looks great, we order Salt and Pepper Shrimp Rolls, the King and I and Jatujak Stir Fried Shrimp.
Salt and Pepper Spring Rolls came out fast. They were honestly just ok, they had mushroom in them, which wasn't listed as an ingredient, but the taste was very sub-par. Didn't really fit the flavor profile of salt and pepper shrimp with cilantro. The citrus lime dipping sauce was just thinned out duck sauce.
By the time we finished that we had both drank our glass of water and for the next 45 minutes we were ignored, no refill of water, no food, not even a look. Again I know they were busy, but when they would sit a table near us, they would bring them water and not even glance at our table.
Ok, 45 minutes after the appetizer, dinner comes. I'm eating the King and I which is basically Pad Prik King, string beans are undercooked which is actually how I like them in my Pad Prik King, very crunchy. But they taste dirty and the sauce doesn't seem like it was cooked with the food, just poured over at the very end. I like the flavors somewhat marinated with the protein and vegetables.
Girlfriend is eating the Jatujak, which said it was spicy, but wow it really is hot. Hotter then the 10 at Han Dynasty in Old City. I have a pretty high tolerance for spice so we switch plates. I get to a shrimp in the Jatujak that is right on the line of undercooked. I figured with the temperature hotness of the food it is probably fine, dumb mistake. The next day I was writhing in stomach pain.
Like I said before, they were busy, the chef even had to come out to help a little (which is an admirable trait for someone in the kitchen), but ignoring a table for 45 minutes when all they wanted was some more water (yes we did ask) and then serving undercooked seafood due to the pressure of getting the food out is inexcusable. 
On paper the food looked amazing, but on my plate and in my stomach it disappointed. There is plenty of other delicious Thai Food in that area the I will stick with.Food: Very good, above average Thai cuisine.
Price: I hate to say it but the prices have risen from how they are currently shown on the online menues, to the point of entrees being about $3-5 more in the restaurant.
Service: Impeccable! Couldn't be nicer
We started going here when they opened and thought we had found our new go-to Thai spot. As time went on we started realized our bills were getting bigger but our orders were staying the same. I hope this will be corrected soon because the menu on their website & menupages list entres for about $3-5 cheaper then they cost when our bill came in the restaurant.
Food is great, service is great, just make sure you pay attention to your bill or double check the final order price if your placing an order for pick up.The food here is of the best quality and the decor is so calming. I love this little place but be sure to reserve a table as they seem to fill fast often.I came here on a Saturday night with reservations.  I would definitely suggest making reservation as the dining room is very small.  As many people have noted, it was a bit loud also probably because of the size.
I had the Siam Square Salmon which was very good.  My mom had the Pad Thai which she said was very nice because it wasn't oily. 
Additionally, the price is right. I will definitely be back.So my friend and I were walking around Rittenhouse on a weekday night looking for food options, and this cute establishment beckoned us to come in!! We were seated quickly, but after that the service was mediocre even though there wasn't much of a crowd! 
We got the crispy spring rolls to share, and they were A-OK and lacked seasoning! For mains, I got the green curry with veggies and tofu and they were definitely not worth the price I paid for it!! I mean, I had no leftovers, one thing that always happens to me at Thai restaurants as the portions are generous!
Overall, this place  needs an uplift with regards to their seasoning and portion size to make a stronger mark in the culinary world of Rittenhouse Square!We just left after enjoying an amazing lunch! Chicken shrimp fried rice and chicken stir fry! Mindy was sweet and was very attentitive. Plus the entire menu and Thai tea was the best!Excellent pad Thai! Delicious Thai iced tea, definitely recommend. Very small space, doubt they can accommodate more than 6 in a table. Nice people, slow waiters.Yes this is a Thai restaurant that actually serves Jasmine Rice! And yet again like the other restaurants in downtown Philadelphia, this place was BYOB with NO uncorking fee! It was a nice little place but the seating was pretty condensed and could probably sit about 35-50 people.  It was hot outside and they had an AC but I didn't feel like it was working too well.  The service was excellent with the waiters coming around every 5-10 minutes and they were very friendly and helpful when it came to recommendations.  We got the green curry, the jasmine rice and it was delicious.  The best part is that they have one to four chiles for spiciness and then they have another option: thai spicy.  I ordered two spiciness and then asked for how spicy is thai spicy.  He brought out some chopped chiles and I had a little and it was pretty spicy.  I love spicy food so I didn't think it was diabolical spicy but it did have a nice kick.  I thought the food was excellent.  It was rich, full of flavor, and all of the curries had that coconut sweetness with that thai spiciness that makes thai food so delicious.  I enjoyed the ambience and the service, and I would enjoy returning to this restaurant if I'm ever back in the area.I absolutely love the chrispy duck fried rice. Not sure if there's a size difference between the lunch and dinner portions but even though it looks small, it filled me up pretty well.We live in Ca so we eat Thai food all the time. The noodles at this place are so tender I can't believe it. Good curry and one of the friendliest waitstaff ever.My boyfriend and I (yup the guy that took me to Relish on our 1st date :) ) decided to go to Jasmine Rice on a whim before we headed to the Kimmel Center for a show. We absolutely enjoyed our food! I got the Pad Kee Mao with chicken and he got Fried Jasmine Rice with chicken. We didn't bring a bottle of wine because we went on a whim but we will definitely go back with a nice bottle of wine in hand since it's BYOB.I have to say I was a little disappointed at Jasmine Rice. My BF and I go to Smile Cafe way too often on Saturday night date nights so we were in the market for a new Thai place. On a recent visit my boyfriend informed me that Jasmine Rice had just opened and that it looked cute inside. OK he didn't exactly say that, but the interior designer definitely did a good job making this a cozy place. By the way, their bathroom is very clean which is always a plus. 
To start things off, we ordered our usual fav appetizer, Chao Phraya Express, which was a solid version of a summer roll. We tried Pad Khimao (Drunken Noodles) and Massaman Curry for our entrees. Boring I know, but we like to stick to the standard dishes when we're trying out a new restaurant. We both were impressed with the food here. BF said that the Pad Khimao was the best he's had yet in Philly. I thought the curry was tasty and spiced nicely. I was also impressed with the presentation.
So why the 3 stars? I admit that I had gotten used to the cheap Thai restaurants in Chicago where you could get a great plate of Pad Thai for $7. Portions at Jasmine Rice are on the smaller side, and the prices are a little bit more than I like to spend on my student budget. Additionally, the place is kinda cramped--even for a small Asian like me. Tables are stacked right next to each other, and this made the dining experience a little uncomfortable.
I guess I was hoping this would be the cheap, neighborhood Thai place. One where you could quickly stop by any day of the week and get a filling dinner. This is not that kind of place, but the food is still good.The prices are high for somewhat meager, unexceptional portions. The shrimp dumpling soup had a nice garlic flavour to it, but for $8?? I was expecting much more. They also don't have any eggplant dishes, which is disappointing. It's a pretty place, and it's fine, but not a destination in my book.Jasmine Rice has the perfect ambiance for a small byob - its tucked in the heart of center city, but as soon as you walk inside you feel like you are visiting a friend.
I have been eating here for the past 3 years and the food has never been disappointing. My favorites are the lemongrass soup, pad thai and all of the curries. Writing this review makes me want to go back tonight!Came here for Friday dinner. Atmosphere is cozy and appealing. Service was good, with who I presume to be the owner checking in on us as well. Food was good but nothing exceptional. Will have to try again and order something different to see if it lives up to the hype.I've ate here and ordered take out multiple times, each experience has been great.  The owner and staff are extremely welcoming and pleasant.  The food is reasonable priced and delicious.  I tried the ginger scallion and veggie dumplings last night, they were delightful.  I ordered my standard Pad Kee Mao (Broad rice noodles stir fried in Thai basil chili paste with onions, red bell peppers and tomatoes) and added chicken with extra vegetables.  Spicy food and I tend to disagree, and I'm known for ordering "wimpy sauce wings" but this dish had the perfect kick to it that even I could handle.Jasmine Rice was a simple, elegant way to spend an evening with my family. I came to visit from New York and my father picked me up after making a reservation for 7:30pm on a Wednesday. We arrived 5 minutes early and were seated (the restaurant was half empty due to rain). We brought with us a growler of beer and bottle of wine to share, which was more than enough for us. The host was very kind and made sure we were well hydrated while we waited for our food to come out. It did not take too long before appetizers and soups came to the table, followed by the main course. I had the crispy duck fried rice, which was quite tasty, and all other meals were enjoyed as well. 
Overall a wonderful place for a meal, and not too expensive!We love it here.  The food is excellent and the hospitality top notch.  Tom is a super owner/host.  We've brought everyone we know here and all have enjoyed it.  We also really enjoy the atmosphere but also do frequent take out when a night in is call for.I love this place. I've picked up lunch while at work, had intimate dinners, and frequent take out and I am never disappointed. The owners are this cute Thai couple who are as nice as ever. The food is delicious- I love the Paneng Curry! The restaurant itself is tiny (townhouse living room sized) and the tables are a bit close to eachother. That's probably the only thing that isn't my favorite, but stopping by when it isn't busy makes for a pleasant experience.First time writing a review despite using Yelp for years, but how awful the food was here brings me to it. I'm not sure how this place has such high ratings but this was, beyond a doubt, the most bland, flavorless, and unseasoned pad Thai I have ever eaten in my entire life. To make matters worse, they charge $16 for it! Ridiculously overpriced and again, literally unseasoned clumped noodles and chicken with no peanut sauce visible anywhere. A complete disappointment to thai food as a cuisine, Philly and Rittenhouse Square.Good food all organic and stuff for gluten free vegan hipsters but smaller portions and about 4 dollars more per dish than other places and expect to order extra rice if you get a curry dish. They have a limited simple menu which is smart for white ppl but as a thai person the dishes lack full flavor.Very tasty Thai food!  I mostly get take out from here, but i have eaten in there once or twice.  Staff is always super friendly, my food is always ready when they say it will be and it's hot!  The green curry and pad kee mow (sp?) are my favorite!!Flavors and low level of heat a bit Americanized for my tastes. Ordered food on way home from airport and was told it would be ready in 30 minutes, and it certainly took a bit longer.  After a long day of travel I was starving--to have brought home this blander version of Thai food was disappointing.  Perhaps owners could ask customers if they want bolder spicing and heat? This place was recommended to me as the best Thai in the city but I felt it didn't meet expectations.Center City has a dearth of good Thai food, but this place is the best I've eaten at so far.  The decor is bright, upscale and nice.  The service is good.  Most importantly, the food is tasty.  Philly has poor Thai food overall (except for Circles) but this place is by far the best in Center City.  It just opened a couple months ago so give it a try.This cozy spot in Center City offers some tasty Thai food at reasonable prices.  
The appetizers, like the spring rolls, can appear tiny when looked at.  Probably because they are.
The entrees, at lunch, at least, are not particularly large, but are a good size to fill you up but not stuff you.  And more importantly, they are yummy.  At least my chicken curry was.  It was so good I wanted to lick the plate clean.  The chicken meat had a good taste and texture, too.  And there are many more entrees to try on the menu.
Service was friendly and attentive, with a server never letting a water glass sit empty on the table.Cute location, cozy environment - doesn't have the usual Thai feel, but solid food.
I've been here on two occasions. The first time, I already had dinner, so I tried their Thai iced tea and mango sticky rice dessert. Taste was as expected = good. 
Second time, I got the pad thai (I am so adventurous I know...), and again, it was solid. Portions were decently large, and I couldn't finish my portion. If you have a small appetite, you could probably split it into two meals.
If you like your food spicy, you can ask for extra chili sauce on the side, and they bring you this fresh made chili sauce! I didn't try any, but it looked really good!This place has the best Thai food I ever had. The food is very authentic and flavorful. I tried many Thai restaurants but nothing like this one. It tastes like nice home cooked food. I love the Coconut custard here. I have never tried something like that before. Overall its a very good restaurant to go to for thai food. Love it!I've been walking past Jasmine Rice for months and months, and always wondered about it, but was happy enough with Circles that I never gave it a chance.  Finally, I tried it with a friend for dinner and we haven't gone back to Circles since!  
Jasmine Rice is a more affordable and, in my opinion, even better-quality Thai food option.  It's also really convenient to pick up from there instead of having to order from Circles.  
We loved sitting in the restaurant - it has a very calm and laid-back ambiance.  It's not pretentious, but still very classy.  
I loved the Chicken Massaman curry - my friend loved it so much that it's her new go-to.  Their classic Chicken Pad Thai is my personal favorite, but I do like that they have a nice variety for when I'm feeling more adventurous.  
I always get a small Veggie Coconut Soup.  The broth is really light, with a hint of lemon and has just the right amount of veggies.  It's a nice way to start any meal.  
Their spring rolls are just average, I think I'd like to try their spicy Thai Basil Meatballs next time instead as they get really good reviews on Yelp - update to come! 
Their Thai Iced Tea is good, just a classic.  I liked it to go and in the restaurant, so no difference there.
Their Chicken Pad Thai is pretty huge - when I get it as take out, it usually lasts me two full meals, and by full, I mean that I'm really full after eating about half!  It's just your typical Pad Thai - nice rice noodles, great sauce and some peanuts sprinkled on top.  Mostly, I just find the quality to be really good - no MSG or any gross aftertaste that I've been fighting to avoid with take-out.  My roommate still prefers Circles in this department because theirs is more garlicky and has more of a kick, but I prefer Jasmine Rice's milder take, so it all depends on your preferences.  I think I get a bigger portion at Jasmine Rice too, so that makes a difference! 
The Chicken Massaman curry is a really tasty - it's has potatoes, carrots, chunks of onions and sprinkled with peanuts.  The sauce is tasty, mild, although don't get it if you aren't a fan of coconut.  I loved it because I can't handle anything very spicy, but do enjoy rich flavors.  This was a great dish for someone who doesn't want to compromise on something bland, but isn't in the mood for something super spicy!  FYI - Order it with rice - when my roommate ordered it as takeout it did not come with rice, so it wasn't something she had leftovers for the next day.  But it's still worth it, delicious flavors that don't overpower the veggies and chicken.  
The Green Curry with Chicken was spicy, but not too spicy.  It wasn't anything super exciting in my opinion, I much preferred the Massaman to it!
The owners are also very nice - and the service is great.  It takes 20-30 minutes for the food to be ready if you order for take-out.  I've generally waited a few minutes when I got there right at 20 minutes during peak dinner hours, so I might give them five more minutes next time.  But they're very friendly and make it easy to pay while you wait.
Just FYI - it's BYOB if you go there, as their website suggests!  So don't forget to bring your own wine!Most likely the nicest owners of an establishment I've met.  They are so caring and will go very much out of the way for you.  I love the Pad See Ew, and my boss always has the roasted duck.I really appreciated that they squeezed us in the night before the marathon, but my search for great Thai continues.  I went with Pad Thai with shrimp, at a 2 spice level.  The spice was perfect, but the sauce was too sweet, and it seemed like they ran a knife a few time through the noodles.  They were really short which made it hard to eat.3.5 stars.
Decent, pretty average thai food.  Nothing spectacular, but still a satisfying meal.  The prices are standard for the Rittenhouse area.  All the waitresses were super friendly, and although our food took a while to come out...everything was super HOT.
Overall, if you're on an expedition for the BEST thai food in Philly--look elsewhere.  However, this is quite a charming restaurant...perfect for date night or a quiet meal with friends.  Bonus point for BYO.Went with a few people for a dinner of appetizers, and I ate veggie-only ones. The papaya salad and the mango sticky rice in particular were tasty. Fantastic service, nice ambience, reasonable prices!this is your typical but nicer thai restaurant in the Rittenhouse area. It's small but clean everywhere including the bathroom. the price is reasonable and the food was pretty good. 
not loving their thai tea though it might be premade and not thick enough. the spice level can be up if you want to. would come back if i'm craving for thai food around the area.If all it takes to win stars is the location, then this place would definitely be top notch. Loved this feel of this little place! Cute little brick 2 story makes me excited to see what lies in store...
Loved how intimate the setting is...Wood floors, white walls, filled with white draped tables intermingled with white-washed wooden posts. Makes everything seem like a blank canvas awaiting the colors and flavors of Thailand to grace the stage.
Colorful Thai fare, yes! Flavorful Thai fare, not so much.
Ordered a few of the staples I typically prefer on a first visit: Pad Kee Mao and Papaya Salad. Ordered both Medium heat since I'm fairly comfortable with Thai spice. Unfortunately, they either forgot to spice or they just went waaaayyyyyyy too easy on me. The colorful dishes left me yearning for missing flavors and spice.
Lunch portions may be a bit smaller than Dinner. Maybe not...but come to think of it, having a larger portion of bland Thai leftovers might have been a bad thing to bring back to the hotel room.
Guess my venture into the Philly Thai Cuisine scene just didn't work out. :(1 star is too much for this place. If you want to eat horrible food that not only tastes very bad but also doesn't resemble anything Thai then this is the place for you. I didn't like the food but it straight up gave my partner food poisoning. We tried alerting the owner that the food tastes strange, we wanted to return a dish that tasted completely off but the owner said that he won't return the dish or exchange it and that he will call the cops if we don't pay for the dish, even though there was clearly something wrong with it.I was looking to try a new Thai restaurant and stumbled upon Jasmine Rice. Apparently they've been here for 5 years. Based on reviews I was expecting really good food. I ordered the massaman curry with chicken. First impression, too sweet. Second, first bite of chicken was tough as rubber. And for them to charge $16, I thought it was entirely too overpriced for the quality.Great Thai BYO! The owner is very friendly and accommodating. Make sure you have a reservation, since the place is quite small. 
Portion sizes are a little small, so consider getting an appetizer to go with your entree.Very yummy!!! It was my first time eating thai food so I stuck with what I knew, fried rice.  I had the beef fried rice and it was so good. My hubby had duck and it too was great. Overall greatGrabbed a quick dinner here before seeing the Phila Orchestra. We had a reservation but it wasn't too crowded so we were seated right away. Brought our own bottle of wine which was awesome! Service was very prompt and very friendly. The atmosphere was good, small place but it has character and with the many conversations, it gave the place a comfortable feel. Food came quickly as well because we let them know we had a show to go to.A pretty small place right around the corner of 16th and spruce. It's a good place to get Thai take out. I forget what I got exactly, but it was damn good. 14 bucks was worth the meal and a half that I received. Very satisfied. The owner/manager was very nice too.Rittenhouse prices with small portions. 
We came on a Wednesday night. There were 3 other tables sat full of guests along with us, and it seemed as though the only staff member was waitress, server, and cook all in one. The food came out remarkably fast even after she was balancing take out orders, as well as the orders from the other tables.
The decor and size of the place is very cozy. It felt like having dinner in someone's house.
Thai papaya salad: good balance of citrus, sweetness, and crunch. Very tasty. 
Pad khi mao: reminds me of spicy chow fun. This was pretty awesome, and had a good amount of spice to it.  
Green curry: not that remarkable. Bland, skimpy on vegetables, and no spice whatsoever. 
Overall, this was a okay experience. Check came out to $40. I thought this was very pricey compared to the amount of food that we got. 
Definitely comparable to Erawan Thai Cuisine. If you're looking for strictly cheaper take-out, try Thai Singha House To Go.nice, compact menu with a lot of interesting flavors.  mussels with green curry sauce comes with crispy basil, and the shrimp rolls are fried but not greasy.  dishes aren't too heavy, and even the spicy ones don't leave your mouth ringing and your brain wondering why you ordered them.  the drunken duck (not always on the menu) was a great treat -- crispy green beans, even more crispy skinned duck that was tender and in a smooth peanut sauce.  ringed by some flaming rum, it was one of the most inventive and original thai dishes i've had.Really great Panang Beef Curry.  Rich, creamy, and with perfectly cooked.  The vegetables were done just right.  The beef was shaved thin.  The rice was fragrant and just sticky enough to sop up all that good sauce.  Clean atmosphere.  Very friendly and pleasant service.  And, the prices make this place a good value.Pad thai was delicious and service was excellent =)Hands down, THE WORST Thai food in Philly, and possibly the worst that i've EVER had. We eat Thai food a lot. Love it. This place was recommended to us by friends, for some odd reason. We usually have the same taste in food. Not this time! The food here was appallingly BAD! The place itself was icy cold on a damp, rainy day. No heat. We started off with the dumplings, which were tough and chewy and rather tasteless. Then, we tried the meatballs, which were grisly. The pad thai, usually a big fave of all of ours, was sickeningly sweet. But, the biggest annoyance was that they never brought one of us their entree. Totally FORGOT IT! The waiter never WROTE down our order. ALWAYS a bad sign. There are at least THREE OTHER THAI places in Philly that are far SUPERIOR and much less pricey! AVOID THIS ONE!!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Jasmine Rice! 
The layout is slightly better than Sawatdee on South Street, but still tight. I was happy to see that they were busy though since they've just recently opened. 
The food is incredible! I cannot pronounce what I had, but it was spicy and delicious. Everything is delicious. My husband had the Pad Thai and it was citrusy which was interesting. 
The waitress asked if it was our first time, we said it was and she said "It won't be your last..." at the time I thought that was rather presumptuous of her, but damn, she was right! I can't wait to go back!!This place is amazing! The owner and his wife are awesome people and dedicated to providing restaurant goers with a quality experience. 
Food is 10/10
Service 10/10
Go there!Mixed reviews for my new neighbor.  I have to say I am FAN because of the ridiculously close location and the fact that the few things I have ordered here have been deeeelicious.  
I am fully obsessed with the Pad Thai and the Pad See Ew both with tofu (and I am SO not a vegetarian in any way!).  I have also gotten the satay chicken and the Thai basil meatballs - both tasty with a nice amount of spice.  I had one disappointment in my several visits - Chao Phraya Express - and I won't blame them because I don't think I would have liked this appetizer no matter where I went.  
As mentioned, they are a bit on the slow side with service.  I don't know why I am not bothered by this as I normally would be but for some reason, I am not.  I get the sense that they don't have many people in the kitchen and they are making the entrees one at a time.  Maybe the best advice would be to bring your wine and settle in, knowing that you will have a bit of a wait but it will be worth it.  
FYI - they do takeout.  Its a dangerous thing especially when its just a few doors down!!Update: Recently, I've had some not-so-great meals from here. My last one was particularly disappointing. We ordered the Pad Thai, which was nothing special, and several appetizers (tapas style.) They were flavorless and cheap. I won't be ordering from here again. They're very friendly, but the food just isn't great.
-----(original post)----- 
I've only had take out from here, so I can't speak to the restaurant's service/atmosphere. However, the food is very good. Creative dishes, super reasonable prices, and flavorful, hearty proportions make this my go-to Asian place. I've had a couple of chicken dishes which were very good and included fresh veggies and a shrimp dish which was surprisingly good. The shrimp was not overcooked (amazingly!) and the sauce was tasty but light. If you're in the mood for Asian takeout, Jasmine Rice is a wonderful option.Ate at the restaurant once and grabbed take out another time. Have to say I am disappointed in their execution of pad thai, pad see ew, and appetizers (the spring rolls & dumplings are too fried and greasy, not enough filling). The one good thing was the curry dish. Fantastic service and a cute, small dining room but the food isn't up to par.Had dinner here last night with a friend. It's a small, quaint place. It wasn't too crowded last night around 7. My friend got the chicken satay skewers and I got the ginger dumplings. The dumplings were delicious and crunchy. The sauce for the satay skewers was also very tasty. 
For our entrees we both go Chicken Pad Thai. It was ok. The portion was a little on the smaller side and it didn't have as much peanut flavor as I prefer. My friend had been there before and got the Duck dish and said it was amazing. The service was good and prompt. I would try Jasmine Rice again and try a different entree.Disappointed!  The food had no spice and no flavor.   My whole meal was one big plate of rice with a few pieces of chicken.  If you are in the mood to eat 2 pounds of white rice, this is the place for you!!   Cute restaurant but the food was dull and boring and tons of white rice:(I've been to a lot of Thai places in Philly and the red curry here is the best! I could and do drink the coconut red curry sauce.
Pad thai, pad see ew, and penang curry are aso delicious. Green curry mussels were soo good as well. Sirracha calamari is so-so. BYOB. Extremely friendly service and very attentive. Gets a little noisy if the place is crowded.The best green curry in philadelphia hands down. The shrimp are huge and there's so much of the bamboo shoots it will blow your mind. I love how they let you upgrade the spice level. The papaya salad was said to be award winning and I can see why. It's so fresh, tang, and tart. The tom yum soup was also very good they gave me more oil so I could control exactly how sour it was. The rolls were a little on the small side but tasty none the less~ I will forever be a loyal customer and fan of Jasmine Rice. I wanted to try they green curry rice dish and pad thai but the green curry is so good I just can't not order it!!!!!!!Amazing food, great service! It is a BYOB, and we didn't know, so our server (I guess it was the owner) brought us some wine from his private stash :-) Sooooo amazingly nice!Great choice before going to the Kimmel Center.
My husband and I had a delightful dinner before hearing the Fabulous Philadelphians.The service was friendly and efficient.  The flavors were fresh and fun. The fried items were not greasy. Our favorite items were the chicken coconut soup, Sriracha calamari, crispy duck fried rice,  and white elephant dessert.Incredibly friendly service and owners, homemade authentic food, and a warm interior make for an excellent experience! I love everything about this place! They also are very conscious of vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free needsJasmine Rice is the 7th Thai BYOB restaurant I've been to in Philly. Jasmine Rice exceeded expectations; the service was friendly & well paced (on a Saturday night when the majority of the restaurant was full), and the food was tasty. I had the Beef Thani which was really flavorful (it had a TON of garlic, which I love, but a warning to those on a date night!). My friends are all vegetarians and got various noodle & veggie dishes- everyone cleared their plate and was really satisfied.
I'm giving -1 star for the portion size/price ratio. When I get Thai I'm used to being able to take home half my dinner & still feel full, for the same price. However, Jasmine Rice puts out great tasting food and is so close to my house, it will probably become a new go-to place for me.Had yet another wonderful meal at Jasmine Rice last Saturday with my boyfriend and our friends. This time I had the pad Thai with salmon.... Amazingness!! Other dishes enjoyed by our party were the crispy duck over rice (delicious! and I'm typically not a duck fan), Talay Thai, and the king and I. Everyone left feeling satisfied and impressed. I also must say the atmosphere at Jasmine Rice is so much more comfortable and relaxed than some of the other byobs.  I can't say enough about the staff here - everyone is so helpful and very attentive. We will be back again soon!I went out on a second date to Jasmine Rice because I looove Thai food, even though I can't name most of the dishes.  It was Saturday night, so the place was packed and there was only one table available RIGHT next to kitchen-Yikes!  But they quickly made up for this inconvenience with excellent service.
They were on! If they saw I was done with my appetizer silverware, they promptly replaced it with our entree cutlery.  They saw my water running low...seconds later, it was filled. It was like watching a well orchestrated waiter ballet.  I started to sway in my seat.  Then came the choreographer of this perfect dance.  I believe his name was Bob. He created the menu and he took the time to explain it and suggested something that was...mmmm!
I wish I remembered the name of it, but it was duck and sweet and spicy and exactly what I wanted.  Aside from the food, I believe that Bob was the best part of the experience.  He was informative, jovial and really was the icing of an already wonderful dining experience.
If I had to complain about anything it would be the size.  Intimacy is one thing, but at one point I felt like I could reach over and have some of our neighbor's appetizers and they would be none the wiser.  But if they continue with their top-notch service, expansion should be inevitable.
Loved it!I stopped in for lunch with a friend, and was greeted with the aromatic waft of delicious Thai food, a friendly welcome and quick seating. The restaurant was clean, well lit, and quiet for a weekday meal. 
We ordered Crispy Spring Rolls to share, two orders of the lemon grass soup, a Pad See Ew and a Panaeng Curry. The spring rolls and soups came quickly, and the rolls were beautifully golden and crispy and the soups fragrant and tangy with just the right amount of lemon grass and lime. My order of pad see ew was appropriately sweet and garlic savory, the curry spicy with crisp carrots, string beans and peppers. 
Overall, service was good and the food delicious. Would definitely dine at Jasmine Rice again.Very good Thai food. One of our favorite neighborhood spots. Love that it is a BYOB.{ International Wednesday Post }
Checked out this adorable little BYOB for international Wednesday, and found it to be just alright. The 2 person tables in the windows are way to close together, there is no privacy. The service was a bit awkward and although the food was alright, I have had WAY better Thai for much less money.So I've been here twice now, and I have to say it is really just OK. Positives include the service and a great guy who may or may not be an owner. Also, the veggie dumplings were really very good. 
On the other hand, both entrees I have had were mediocre. Most recently I tried "The King and I"--"Jumbo shrimp & chicken sautéed in prik khing coconut curry paste with fresh string beans and bell peppers." The shrimp were anything but jumbo, and the coconut curry paste was bland, lacking any distinguishable flavor. Veggies were fine. Asked for 4/5 spicy and didn't receive (a recurring problem in Philadelphia Thai restaurants it seems). Before that, I had the Jatujak Stir-fried with chicken--also bland-ish and not very different even though this was a thai basil paste. 
Will probably go back because of the area, and hopeful for an improvement.I recently dined-in at Jasmine Rice and it was so-so. The spring rolls were really tasty, but probably the best part of the night. I ordered the Pad Thai because it is one of my favorite dishes and a pretty good indicator of a good Thai restaurant. The dish was overly sweet and just not a good Pad Thai, with almost no sprouts and no peanuts-- I would not order this again. My boyfriend had the Crying Tiger salad which he thought was ok because it was spicy but a little on the vinegar-y side. The service was very good in this tiny place, with the server regularly checking on us and refilling our water. We'll probably return because of proximity to try a few more things, but not dying to go back.I came here two weeks ago for the first time and I have to say i was pretty impressed. The food here is on point, there wasn't anything that was bad about. It's a nice small restaurant and you do wait a little bit for the food to come out after you placed your order. But don't get to mad that the food you got came to late as you won't be disappointed. I suggest getting the chicken red curry really nice and although even though the spice level was at a two it def seemed hotter than two l think it was either level 4 or their hottest Thai hot. Do come here as this is a very good restaurant for family outingsWe order pad thai with shrimp, papaya salad, green curry with chicken and Thai ice tea. Love papaya salad since it's sour and crunchy. Green curry is creamy and spicy. Pad thai and ice tea are okay. Highly recommend. We'll back again for sure. It's a family restaurant giving us fell like at home.My favorite Thai spot in Philly so far.  Too bad they don't deliver to my current address, but I'll be moving soon (primarily because of work, not food, I swear...)
We started with the Crispy Spring Rolls, which were lightly friend and VERY hot (beware, eager eaters).  The Chicken Pad Thai had the perfect peanut-lime combination with tender meat.  The Beef Green Curry had a nice portion of vegetables to balance out the protein and a fantastic kick.
And, it must be mentioned that the bathroom was kind of heavenly.  A heater warmed the spacious room, the scented candle smelled divine, and it was very clean...extra points!I haven't eaten Thai food in Philly too much so I can't compare them to some of the other places, but the food was amazing! I got the red curry and the wifey got the Penang curry. Each dish was absolutely delicious. The restaurant is very small and clean. The service was good and prices were fair. The place is BYOB so you can't go wrong here. 
I would highly recommend trying anyone of the curries.I love this place.  Great thai food and a wonderful staff.  Always very welcoming.  I've never had a wait but it is good to see this place is filling up on weekends.  BYOB is added plus.  I love their thai curry - it isn't as spicy as all that!  Their tofu options are also excellent.  Prices are just right for thai food.  Far better food than the others in the neighborhood.Definitely the worst Thai food I've had in Philadelphia.  The chicken was bone dry and the pad thai had too much tamarind (it was all tamarind and not much of any other flavor) and no veggies!  Also, they give you a small bowl of rice and charge you $1 if you want more!  Rice should be free yo!
The only reason why I'm not giving it just one star is because the waiter was very nice (even though he got my order wrong).We came here for a friend's birthday. There were around 15 of us so I think that's why the wait for food was so slow. It took a really long time for the food to come out and it came out in sections so not all of us got our food at the same time. I got the Sriracha Calamari and Crispy Duck Fried Rice. The portions are really small and I wasn't full at all. The calamari was average, nothing special. The duck was really dry and dissatisfying. 
The service was friendly and it's BYOB but besides that I'm not a fan of the food at all.The food is great! My usual order would be the duck fried rice and white elephant for dessert. The owner and his wife are sweet and easy going. With the many times my boyfriend and I have been to this place, the owner already knows our orders! We love it here!Finally made it here post Midtown Village Festival. Our posse rolls deep i mean like 12 or more so that fact that they could seat us right away when i called was awesome. We had to split into 3 groups of 4 but that was not an issue for us as we were famished and needing to continue to drink.  My one beef with this place is that everything took soooooooooo lonngggggggg  (maybe it was just that i was slightly drunk and very hungry). We waited for what felt like an eternity to place our orders,to get our starters and entrees. 
Since Jasmine is known for their curries I decided on the panaeng curry for its coconut base. Jasmine offers multiple levels of heat for all tastes so you can customize your food to your liking.When our food finally arrived i dived right into to the curry and was pretty impressed with the depth of flavor. The curry had a slight sweetness to it from the coconut base but i opted for level 3 heat and that kick balanced out the dish quite nicely. The portion size was right on point for the price. 
This is a great option for anyone that maybe doesn't want to make the trek to NoLibs or South Philly  to order Circles. Its a BYOB and they accept cards. The only reason I cant rate it higher was the slow service. I must make a return visit to try some of the other curries.Okay. 
If you are in the neighborhood and craving Thai, this will do for a Rittenhouse square price. And, I can't recommend the Tom Yum, small and too sweet.
If you want real, awesome Thai for a way better price, head down to Circles in South Philly. Miles better food.
Circles all the way!This place was good! I thought that the taste was on par with what I was expecting, a little more mild than I like. Prices were cheap, but I thought that portion sizes were a little small... kind of reminded me of the small space of the restaurant. However, that being said, I didn't feel ripped off. Prices were adjusted for the smaller portion sizes. A friend and I split the Panang Curry with just veggies (unless tofu is fried I don't want it) and the drunken noodles (Pad Khimao) with chicken. I was happy to split two dishes so I could try two of my favorite staples at any run-of-the-mill Thai place, but I was just coming off of post workout and the hunger was real (talking borderline hangry) and I just wanted more food than what was in front of me. Thank god it was a BYOB and we had ample wine to deal with that issue.
I think they way they served the curry at this place was super strange though! It was served on a flat plate. Makes it a little difficult to eat curry. I had a spoon and I couldn't ladle any of the delicious-ness on to my plate, which made me sad. The only other thing that was weird was that our food was brought out at different times. We had all ordered dinner portions and for whatever reason, they brought out one person's much earlier than the other dishes. The service was very friendly though and pretty attentive to filling our water glasses and clearing dishes from the table. Like I said the food was good, but this is too far away to become my new staple Thai restaurant so I'll stick to the other one's close by!This is a good new Thai place in the site of the old Warsaw Cafe. My wife and I have been three times since it opened about a week ago, and each of the six dishes we've tried has been great. My favorite so far is the Pad Khimao, which was nice and spicy. If you're not into spicy food, most of the other dishes are mild (the menu alerts you to the spicier ones, and you can also specify your preferred spiciness on a 1-5 scale).
The service has been good, both for take-out and dining in. And the space has been decorated very tastefully. Since it's on a residential part of 16th St., just south of Spruce, there's a very nice neighborhood-treasure-to-be feeling to the restaurant. The slightly out-of-the-way location seems to have limited their business so far, but hopefully the crowds will start coming once the word of mouth advertising spreads about their good food.
Jasmine Rice is worth a try. Good food, friendly service, and a nicely decorated space.This is a good run-of-the-mill Thai place. All the classic favourites are available - red/green curry, pad thai etc. But they also have some lesser seen options like yellow and massaman curry. All the food was delicious, generous and fairly priced.
Service was a bit spotty. e.g. some getting their food a while before others, removing some plates while others were still eating, but generally competent.
Much better value for money than many close-by overpriced alternatives.Overall, the food was just OK. I have been to many Thai places, and the taste of the food was very watery. We ordered coconut soup, red curry beef and duck with drunken noodles. The meet was not good quality, and the duck was served with the bone. The latter resulted in small  bones in the noodles, which was not good for the teeth and the feeling. However, I have to admit that the service was really nice and polite, and generally the place was clean, and the environment warm. The prices normal for center city Philadelphia.Excellent food and excellent service. Definitely one of the best Thai meals I've had. The lemongrass soup was perfectly spiced and full of vegetables. The staff really knows the menu and made great recommendations. I will definitely be returning.came here a few times and once for my bday. they were very accomodating of the big group, even tho the place was quite small. food was amaaazing. probably one of the best thai food places around the city. not too oily/greasy/coconut milky like a lot of american thai places are. great staff and great food. love this placeToo cozy a spot for a Thai restaurant. A small outdoor board makes it difficult to spot from a distance. It's like an Easter egg but doesn't feel like Easter after you eat here. 
Was engulfed by a strange, obnoxious, egg smell as soon as we entered. Not a place to take out your visiting friends. We did that and regret it to some extent.
We went a little late in afternoon and the restaurant was practically empty but it felt like they didn't want us there somehow. Nobody showed us a place to sit and probably didn't want to give us water too.
Dishes took like more than half hour to arrive and mine specially was a little too spicy, which I didn't want to send back as it was already late. Portions are small or the plates are too big.
Costly for the food we had. There are better Thai restaurants in the vicinity of this one. You might have better luck there.such a great place. kind staff and good food. You can't relate to this place as your cheap thai place, because it's a notch better. Thus you can't expect your $13 chicken curry to get you enough for leftovers. Good thing is that it's probably the right portion of food that we should be consuming... BYOB which is a huge plus!I ordered take-out from Jasmine Rice soon after it opened. It seemed the service might be a bit slow for the people who were dining in, but I was very happy with the quality of the food. My husband and I got two noodle dishes and split a salad, and they all were wonderful.Worst curry I've ever had at a Thai restaurant... and I go out for Thai at least once a week, so that's really saying something.  Service was great though; we had a fantastic waitress.Unless you have hours to spend sitting in a one room house structure, don't come here. Just one waiter and it literally takes an hour for the food to appear. The food is good though but I don't think its worth the waitGood for take out, bad for dine in. 
We sat down at 8 and by 9:15 we just got our appetizers and soup. Then our main dishes came out one at a time. The food itself was ok. It's honestly nothing to write home about. They used different noodles for dishes, their wasn't enough sauce on anything. They ran out of beef. And did at least 5 take out orders during the hour and 15 minutes we waited. They had 1 server and what sounded like 1 cook on a Saturday night.
We were there for almost 2 hours, with horrible service and a waitress who didn't do anything to encourage our food to come out faster until we said if our food isn't out in 10 minutes, we were walking out. Which caused our food to be excessively rushed and low quality.
Would not recommend.Never seen a place with slower service. It took 10 minutes to get a refill on the water. When the food did finally arrive, it was quite underwhelming. The portion was lacking and the noodles came out room temperature. You'd expect more from a place with a prime locationThe food here is always authentic and incredible. It's my number one choice in Philly for Thai food as it is convenient, fast, and delicious. The owner is super friendly. This small family business is going through a hard time and thus I find it incredibly important to continue to support their small business. If you see other reviews about slow service or the restaurant being closed this is due to a family problem and is NOT AT ALL representative of their typical services. They are hardworking people and deserve the best. For a period of time they had only two people (husband and wife) running two entire locations by themselves due to unforeseen circumstances. True props to them for keeping their business running and making good food through it all. Thanks for the consistently, amazing food! 
Also if you're dining in don't forget it's BYOB. Great perkI ate here just the other night with two friends and had a great experience! Our food was wonderful and the service was great too! Between the three of us we had the Pad Saw Ew, Red Curry and Salmon and all were delicious! I would definitely come back!Yes, the food was great and yes, the decor was cozy and adorable. However, the reason I'm giving this place five stars is because of the service. 
To be fair, I went on a random Sunday afternoon so they weren't busy. I couldn't tell you what it would be like while it's busy, but the service I received was excellent. The server was extremely helpful and friendly. 
I will definitely be going back!!Best Thai food (So far) in philly!  Had the green curry fried rice - friend had the seafood green curry.  Both excellent, great flavor - very fresh .  I can't wait to return.Me and husband ate lunch there. Service was good but the food lacked flavor. I ordered red curry, it was very bland. From thai food i expect rich aromas, deep flavors, which was totally missing here. I still finished it since i was starving but being hungry should have made it taste good but even then it did not.I wish I could give 3.5 stars but this will have to do. 
The restaurant is small yet tastefully decorated and warm-feeling, and the wait staff are friendly and attentive. We started off with the lemongrass soup which was spicy and delicious, filled with vegetables and tofu (we ordered the vegetarian version). I had "The King and I" (how apropos) and my husband had the penang curry with chicken. Our entrees were decent; however neither of us were blown away. There was a tremendous amount of chicken in both of our entrees but there wasn't a lot of sauce. Speaking of which, my sauce was disappointing in taste as well as quantity. The sauce was supposed to be a prik khing sauce, which is usually more red in color and spicy in taste. As prik khing sauce is a favorite of mine, I could tell immediately that this version was different - it had a strange aftertaste and wasn't as flavorful as sauces I've had at other restaurants in the area. Our entrees were served with a side of the restaurant's namesake; however the rice was very dry, almost as if it were stale. My entree was not heated through consistently and I seemed to alternate between steaming hot bites and lukewarm ones. We agreed that the soup was the best part of the meal. 
So, for the food I give it a 3 which could be bumped up to a 3.5 or 4 for the service, the ambiance, and the lemongrass soup.Food was well flavored. Wish the portions were larger. Minimal staff though this could have been because it was Sunday.My new favorite BYO spot in Philadelphia!
I feel like this is a gem that not that many people know about. I'm personally a huge fan of Thai food, and really wanted to find a good BYO spot to satisfy my cravings. Was so happy to find Jasmine Rice! 
It's a super small space-- probably the best for parties of 4-6 and nothing bigger. The food is quite tasty-- tried the green curry, pad kee mao, pad thai, basil tofu, green tea mochi dessert, and fried banana + ice cream dessert. I actually loved every single dish-- (would probably not recommend getting dessert just because it's nothing TOO special, but still a great way to finish a tasty meal). 
Ended up staying in the restaurant for around 4 hours-- felt no pressure to leave by the servers. 
This place will 100% be top-of-mind for me when planning my next BYOs. I feel like not that many students know about it, but it definitely should be more popular!I'm going to to say 2 out of 5. 
Had dinner here last night. Ordered the Panaeng And Massaman Curry to find that I had plenty of carrots on my plate, barely any meats that were ordered on it, (chicken and beef) and a little mini scoop of rice. I'm talking like Baskin Robins' kid scoop to the kid scoop. 
It tasted decent, close to what Panaeng curry should taste like but I was like almost shocked as to just how many carefully cut out carrot designs were on my plate compared to the actual meat, rice and curry that I'm looking to have........I can't wait to go back here! This place offers authentic, delicious Thai food in a cozy environment. My friends and I went and got a variety of dishes, all of which were fresh and delicious. My personal favorite is anything with the duck - it's juicy, crispy, and well-seasoned. We are big fans of Thai food and this place shot straight to the top of our lists, especially for food in Rittenhouse (AND BYOB!!!)
The owner of the restaurant is also the manager of the dining room and his wife is the chef who makes EVERY meal specifically to order - and it shows. The night we went, one of the waitresses quit mid-shift (it was her second day as a waitress ever), so the manager was running around and taking care of everyone by himself. Since the service was slower, he gave us a complimentary appetizer (fried tofu - also delicious!) and conversed with us throughout the evening. I can't wait to go back here!Came for lunch and left extremely satisfied.  The decor is clean and bright.  Service was quick and each of our entrees was delicious.
Started with the papaya salad and the crab nuggets.  The papaya salad was exceptional - so much flavor and still felt light.
I had the vegetarian jasmine friend rice which was very flavorful even without any additional sauce.  One friend had the panang curry which was fantastic.  I've had panang curry at other Thai places and they tend to be overwhelmingly spicy.  This one was spicy but let the sweetness of the curry come through.  My other friend had the pad thai - a simple dish but done exactly right.  We will definitely be back!The ginger scallion fried dumplings were good but the spring rolls were a bit hard.  Pad See Ew was a bit on the dry side. The spicy jumbo shrimp dish I ordered had too much pineapple and too much breading on the shrimps.  The shrimps did not look like jumbo size without the breading and not to mention the breading was soggy as well as chewy due to the sauce it was sitting on.  The rice was a bit mushy and overcooked, how ironic since the name of the restaurant is named after it.  All the portions were small and the American (?) twist on the Thai dishes did not really work too well.  It seems to be trying too hard to cater to the American/Western taste buds.  Shouldn't the chef/owner showcase what authentic Thai is all about?  Lots of strong curries/spices, lemongrass and galangal infused dishes!  Authenticity would have been better for the price (lunch with 2 apps, 2 entrées, 1 soda and 1 Thai iced tea was $43 and some change).  Besides the dishes not living up to my expectations (my mom is part Thai afterall), I do have to say that the lady owner was very friendly and welcoming.First time here and we loved it! Even better its BYOB!
My bf and i had couples dinner w/ 2 friends here Saturday night. Its a small place simple decor, if any, but who cares its about their food! We had reservations and were promptly seated, wine glasses brought to the table and our bottle uncorked. Our friends decided to order for us and we were gonna share everything family style.
For appetizer we got the green curry mussels and the spicy whiskey wings and both were so flavorful and delicious. I could drink that green curry! For entrees we ordered 4 dishes: green curry vegetables no tofu, red curry chicken, chicken pad thai, and fried jasmine rice with shrimp! Everything was amazing, came out hot and neat plating. My bf isn't a fan of curry he has said he hates but he said this was delicious and would come back. That's saying much!  
Service was great, owner knows our friend and he was so polite and talked to us for a bit.  
I cannot wait to come back and try the other appetizers, this place is truly a gem. We are so happy we were brought here and will recommend to anyone to def try this place out! Oh and next time bring extra wine!Based on the reviews, decided to go here with a friend. Ordered the lemongrass soup, which was  a bit too salty for my taste. The green curry was OK, nothing great, have had better elsewhere.Just short of satisfying but the service was excellent. 
I had the vegetarian green curry and ordered it Thai spicy. The curry itself was watery which I know is the more authentic style but it lacked flavor. The spice level was also a little lacking from what I asked for. 
We had a person in our party who was raised in Thailand that also felt the same about the good. I'm a long time fanatic of Thai.
I have a feeling the noodles might be better so I might go back to try them but the price was also a little steep for what was mediocre food.
The waiter was really excellent though and really took care of you :)Ordered from grubhub. This place has absolutely no right to be a 4 star Thai restaurant on yelp. Ordered $70 worth of food. The only way I would be happy with this was if I paid $30 for it. Ordered the Pad See Ew shrimp: The noodles were all stuck together and dry. The taste was bland. Ordered red curry chicken: Got tofu instead. Again the taste was bland. Ordered duck fried rice which was supposed to have pineapple in it: No pineapple. It was probably the best dish out of the 3, but still it was disappointing considering the amount of food and the fact I paid $20 for it. 
I'm not sure if this place used to be good, and something drastically changed, but yelp Philly has disappointed me.Absolutely amazing. Staff was incredibly attentive and helpful. Food was out of this world. Definitely worth a visit. We will be back.Make sure to make reservations before showing up. The restaurant is small and only seats about 30 people total. Because they try to get as many people in as possible, it's a tight fit and also LOUD. It seems like the kitchen is too small for the volume or people, or maybe the place is too new to have worked out a good system for large parties. 
To their credit, they fit us in when a party of four was late for their reservation and the spring rolls and entrees were pretty good. 
Also, they were diligent about refilling water glasses and had very friendly staff. 
I'd go back, but probably for take-out only.Context: Dinner with a Friend
Time of Visit: Friday, 10:00PM
My experience with Jasmine Rice was an excellent one!
This BYO spot is a little on the small side, so I would recommend groups of 4 or smaller.  Atmosphere is very calm and intimate.  When we were there, it was not very crowded, so the staff was very attentive: they had our bottle of wine open as soon as the waitress approached the table.
The entrees all looked appetizing: I tried the thai noodles with chile peppers and onions.    You can choose your level of spice for some of the meals: I think it skews towards the spicy side.  I have a moderately high spice tolerance, but my 3-pepper (out of 5 total) dish was pretty spicy.  I would like to clarify that this is no fault of JR: I asked for the 3.
What was nice was that the staff could see my red face/sweating, and refilled my water glass the second it was empty.  While this is probably attributable to the time of visit, I still appreciate their attention to my spice-induced distress.  Dishes were moderately priced and portion sizes were just right.
I will definitely be back to Jasmine Rice-excellent Thai cuisine, but I will ask for it less spicy!We came to Jasmine Rice because we were craving a spicy BYOB dinner. We were pleasantly surprised by how quaint, clean, and welcoming the restaurant is, and the location cannot be beat.
We were very happy with the meatball appetizer (although it was very small for $8), and the green curry beef dish, which had an aromatic coconut and lemongrass flavor. I also ordered the green papaya salad, and it was a bit water-logged and had lost its crunch. I don't know if this dish was prepared fresh, but I have had much crunchier papaya salad at other Thai restaurants.
In general, the portions were small, and we had to ask for extra rice in order to fill up. After paying $40 for two people, we almost left hungry, which was pretty disappointing. Overall, the quality of the food was pretty good, the service was nice, but I am not sure that I would come here again due to the poor value, in my opinion.Really fantastic food, and super sweet owners who took care of us at lunch time. The drunken duck is to die for! Some of the best Thai I've ever had!While I already have a favorite Thai restaurant in Philly, Jasmine Rice is another great option. I've been here a few times now, including earlier this week. This time around we shared a few appetizers, the Jatujak stir fried with beef and the Spicy's Alley. The portions don't look that big, but were still filling. Both entrees were nice and flavorful. The Spicy's Alley definitely packs some heat. Solid spot.Had a great experience here last Friday night! We had an 8pm reservation and when we arrived the restaurant was not too crowded. We were brought waters, and our wine was opened immediately after being seated. Our waiter (the owner I think??) was very warm and helpful in letting us know which menu items contain nuts and that most could be made without since my boyfriend is allergic. We ordered the Thai meatballs and the crispy spring rolls as appetizers - both were delicious! The waitstaff was very kind and attentive and made sure our water glasses were kept full and our wine was kept on ice next to our table.  I had the entree called The King and I, boy was it delicious! Large shrimp and chicken with vegetables served with a side of rice. My boyfriend had the Talay Thai and loved his meal as well. Prices were reasonable, food was delicious, service was warm and friendly - we will be back again soon! :)Love this place. BYOB right off rittenhouse, with a relatively simple menu that offers all of the Thai basics. You have the choice of any meat to add to any of the rice/noodle/curry dishes, and the service is fast. Cute little intimate enviornment... And the owner and his wife work diligently to ensure you are a satisfied customer. 1 app + 2 entrees = about $35. Can't go wrong... I recommend the red curry with shrimp and the green curry mussels as an app. Can't wait to go back.I can't believe I haven't written a review for this gem after all the times I've gone! Easily my favorite Thai spot in the center and certainly my go-to. It's a very relaxed and homelike ambience. The owners are so proud of their restaurant, and their culture, that it's hard not to fall in love with them. They will tell you that the traditional meat to eat with pad Thai is shrimp. If you ask for recommendations or the favorite dish to the region, they will not hesitate to tell you. Believe me, they make a solid effort to make everything good and satisfying, but they have a few favorites. Just ask for them! Also, if you like spicy, go for 4 chilli peppers on the rating scale. They are cautious with what they recommend to people on that end---probably a liability issue? Or just hesitant to give anyone an unpleasant experience.My favorite lunch spot.  Best lemon grass soup anywhere.  Also love the curry dishes.  Great BYOB for dinner too.I love the people there! It is a very small restaurant ( all the Rittenhouse restaurants are tiny), but the server there are so friendly and nice. In term of the dishes, it is mostly American Asian food. I am personally not a big fan of it and the price is relatively high. I will say it's a little bit overrated.Simple restaurant with such a down-to-earth ambiance. There's no music but the place fills up with stories, wonderful. The food was DELICIOUS! If I could, I would give them six stars. The spring rolls were simply delicous, so was the cripsy duck. Love that you can bring your own bottle of wine.Talk about authentic food! I've been to many Thai restaurants -- and when I say many I mean a lot -- and while the experiences have been okay, there's a flavor prolife that seemed to be missing. Maybe I'm spoiled because I've traveled to Thailand on several occasions and ate where local people ate, how knows, but I didn't have that issue with Jasmine Rice.
When I say the food is good, I mean it's damn good! It's been a while since I wanted to hug the chef. Everything is made to order. Everything is fresh. Everything is so good I found myself eating well past full because the food just felt so good in my mouth.
And can we talk about portion size for a second. Like, seriously, you're not going to feel slighted in the least. you're taking food home with you, so prepare. Not going to complain... more for me later.
The food is made to your liking. There is no way you're not going to walk away with a smile on your face.
You can find good Thai food in Philadelphia. If you want the best, then you have to come to Jasmine Rice!
(Like now... stop reading this and go see for yourself.)The food is great and the staff is extremely nice.  I love all the fantastic vegetarian options and the fact that it's byob.Small, cute and friendly place with delicious Curry. Our Waitress and the owner were so nice and welcoming, service was great and I enjoyed the food. It is a great location if you are shopping in Center City or seeing a show at the Kimmel Center.Terrible service, waited 40 mins for food with 20 minute gap between first and last dish for table of six. Waitstaff and owner were completely unapologetic and added gratuity without asking permission. Would avoid at all costsThis place was impeccable! I've been trying to get good Thai in the city for quite some time! Not only did the owner have incredible customer service, but her cooking was top notch!Apple sauce pad thai, clumped fried rice. Didn't taste thai at all. I was disappointed, the best thing was the calamari which was basically tempura (not thai)Always a winner. Great, well-priced food and super friendly service. BYOB.  Phad Thai and crispy duck are always good!My friends and I arrived here after an extended happy hour, excited to try the cute, tiny Thai place we had walked by a few times.  We had called about an hour before after seeing that reservations were a must, ESPECIALLY for our party of 6, and luckily they were able to give us a reservation 45 min later.  We arrived, plenty of wine in hand, and our table was ready - a great start.  
The place IS tiny, maybe seats about 20 in total, and they did a good job decorating the small space.  We placed our orders and settled in to our wine.  Slowly, we watched all the other tables be served their food.... people that arrived 20 minutes, 30 minutes after us.  When they finally started bringing our food, they brought out 1 or 2 plates at a time, with about 5 min in between sets.  I was the last person to get my plate, and everyone was mostly finished before I had my first bite - and that's only because they were being polite and eating slowly.  Even when asking about our food, no one apologized for the wait or explained anything, just said it would be out "soon".  
The food tasted good, but honestly by then we had imbibed 5 bottles of wine and I was starving, I would've eaten anything.  
I'll give it a try in a few months, but for now this was definitely a 2 star experience.I wish I could give this place 0 stars. First of all the soup had a giant hunk of pork in it (we don't eat meat), then the noodles were stuck together in another dish (so no sauce and completely bland), and lastly there was literally 3 pieces of tofu in another dish. We spent $50 for an absolutely terrible meal. I wasted my calories and money on a terrible place. The cherry on top was when I called they hung up on me when I said there was meat in my soup. Seriously? Not vegetarian or vegan friendly at all. 
Please steer clear of this place. The food is a waste of money, bland, and the owner hung up on me-what a horrible business owner! 
Of note, I've had not great Thai food at other places in Philly, but this went beyond bad (and I had a hair in a dish once)I asked for fish sauce and the waiter looked very confused and stated they did not have any fish sauce. At that point, I should have left as fish sauce is the base flavor for so much Thai food. They also didn't offer chilies or any sort of typical Thai flavoring. What more can be said about "Thai" food? .
The lemongrass soup was very strange and there wasn't a picture of King Adulyadej anywhere to be seen. This is not Thai restaurant even for American standards.The food here is solid, the service can be better, but if you can deal with minor delays in receiving your food then you won't have any issues.
I've eaten at the restaurant three times and will definitely be returning often because its one block from my apartment. I typically get the curries when I order Thai. I've tried the red, green, and panang curry which are all excellent, The coconut base is not overpowering and is a balanced well with the spices. I typically order Thai spicy because I'm immune to spicy food, I love it.
If you like Thai soups; tom yum or tom kha, I would go with the tom kha, The tom yum soup is really oily which its not supposed to be. I was super confused when there was a layer of oil on top of my soup. 
All in all a friendly place with good food, and another bonus... its BYOBOrdered take out after hearing rave reviews from friends and on Yelp. Unfortunately we did not have the same experience - we received the wrong food, portions were tiny, overpriced for the quality and amount received. Will not be returning since there are many other great places in the city for Thai food.We got take out from this restaurant and didn't go in, so I can't comment on ambiance.  
Overall, it is good warm food.  I got the pad see ew.  The noodles were good, but there was very little flavor in the sauce, and the chicken was dry.  The food did not taste authentically like thai food, and I was quite disappointed.  However, I would try a non-noodle dish at this restaurant because it has been positively reviewed and not very expensive.