I've been wanting to go to Jerry's since my birthday in early January.  Due to all the snow, was unable to get there until today.  Love the atmosphere, service is very so-so.  And  the food, for the most was the biggest disappointment.  I ordered the Eggs Jerry, to receive two potato pancakes the size of a half dollar with over cooked poached eggs that were cold and not runny.  The server never checked on us once or even when she cleared the plates did she ask if we enjoyed ourselves.  The smoked trout salad was yummy!  My father ordered buttermilk pancakes, they were okay, I was still starving from my prison sized portion, so I ate a pancake.  Sabrina's pancakes are better!It was a quintessential snapshot of summer's end.
The quiet, impending death of another warm season in Philadelphia was so vivid you could almost hear it.
Tuesdee night.
9:30PM. 
74 Degrees Fahrenheit. 
Every window and door in the place was wide open.
And there I sat; my wife and two of my dearest man friends sitting together at a table, smiling like dopes and watching scores of dried up leaves inch along the sidewalk.
We had already eaten a fantastic meal that night prior to leaf-watching - 
at Han Dynasty, to be specific.
We were perfectly full and content.
We had no room for beer. 
No room for food.
But I couldn't justify going home without stopping for dessert.
Jerry's dessert menu had imprinted itself on my brain, heart and stomach again - just like it did the last time I ate there - and I felt it proper to let my friends and loved ones experience the enchantment, too.
We whispered three words into the ether: The. Blueberry. Cobbler.
I dare say it's my favorite dessert in the entire city right now (and I live directly above a small-batch, highly reputable ice cream shop, mind you).
Being swept up by dialed-in charm of the place, we felt it necessary to order the rest of the dessert menu while we were at it. Plus a few cocktails. And a bowl of soup.
All food and drink items were devoured with little-to-no conversation, save for a few well-placed laughs. From the shit-eating grins on our faces, owner Bill Proud seemed delighted to walk up to our table, shake our hands, and share with us that he, too, was heading home - with a paperbag full of blueberry cobbler in his hands, no less.
The night. The food. The drinks. The city.
In that moment, they were unanimously agreed upon as 'fucking perfect'.I think if you live in the neighborhood it's pretty adequate. But don't travel here. Bad service, food is okay. Great interior, but you can't eat that, can you.Bar tender was too busy talking with the obnoxious girls flirting with him to serve the rest of the bar.
Was fed up after a single drink and gladly walked my company elsewhere.What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!  Jerry's was absolutely delicious and very cozy.
The cozy dark-wood joint is set just far enough off the beaten path that it can remain a neighborhood spot, which is great in a part of town that's full of destinations that attract tons of visitors from other parts of the city.
The food was delicious:
- House-made meatballs were served in a cast iron skillet soaking in a bath of delicious tomato sauce.  They were fall-apart tender and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  Just be sure to save some bread to scoop up that sauce.
- Moules Frites came out in a huge heaping portion with a mound of shoestring fries piled on top, with a pool of beer broth below.  The mussels themselves were tender, plump and perfect (which is not all that common, unfortunately).  The fries were killer, and the broth was absolutely delicious.  My only complaint, and it's a small one: the bread to dip in the broth was decidedly lifeless; any kind of crisp on the outside would have made a big difference.
- The Deluxe Burger was fantastic.  The beef was perfectly cooked, the cheese was a crumbled mound of salty, sharp cheddar that really lit up the burger.  Topped with a thick slab of amazing tomato on a buttery brioche, with a side of those shoestring fries.  Extremely satisfying.
I will 100% be back for that escargot with jumbo lump crab... and those pickle-brined wings... and the chicken and bowties in truffle broth... and the french dip...Excellent brunch spot.  Very hipster scene here, both service and food were on point.
Def worth checking out.  Didn't have one, but place is def known for their Bloody Mary's.
Portions were on the smaller side, & bit on pricier side but comes with trendy place like this.
Def a top notch spot for this up and coming neighborhood.So disappointed. Long wait, didn't have turkey sausage & decided not to tell me until my French toast came out. And the french toast was soggy. 
Just don't waste your time.came here for happy hour...loved the interior and it's ambiance...nice selection of the beers...might try out again next time for their full dinner menu3 years later and I am still going to give Jerry's a solid 5-stars in my book. Not only for having my favorite Bramble in the city, but because of their tremendous service over the last few years. This update comes years after having been for two back-to-back brunches when they first reopened (a new take on the old Jerry's Bar) back in 2013. Since then I have been back for countless brunches and happy hours as this is staple in our rotation of trusty neighborhood spots. I could go on about food and cocktails, but this review is solely based on service. 
Back in 2014 we hosted my boyfriends sisters' 21st birthday dinner at Jerry's after having been vigorously consuming beers at nearby Barcade. In planning the party, Jerry's never pushed the idea of having a more limited menu than their daily offerings and did not ask for any contracts signed in advance of having 20+ people in their loft dining area. We showed up in a slightly drunken manner - there was chaos surrounding who wanted to sit next to whom - everyone wanted to buy shots for the birthday girl and yet despite the loudness of the McCormick clan, our servers handled everything flawlessly. Dishes all arrived at the same time, cocktails were perfectly made in large batches, and the checks were split with ease (annoying to do with a party that size, we know). They truly helped make the birthday plans special.
Earlier this year, I was at Jerry's for a typical Sunday jazz brunch and ordered the Eggs Jerry. What arrived at the table was not eggs benedict and from the confused look on my face our server clearly knew that there was a mixup. She quickly returned with eggs benedict and apologized for the mistake, no biggie. The problem however was when I cut into the eggs and realized that they were completely hard set (a heartbreaking moment for any eggs benedict lover). I'm not normally one to send a dish back, but did so only asking for the eggs to be recooked - not only did she bring back delicious and properly cooked poached eggs, she took the entire dish off of our check. It was a nice gesture for the delayed brunch.
This past weekend however, was the caketopper in service. After having dropped my business card in a fishbowl to win a private happy hour about a month and a half ago, I was contacted by Jerry's just a few weeks later informing me that I had won! I immediately reached out to the bar to let them know that I would absolutely take them up on the offer and asked if there was a way that they would allow the generosity of a private room for happy hour to be extended into a fundraiser for my upcoming participation in the Susan G. Komen 3-Day walk. From there, Jerry's (but mainly their event planner) went to town helping us to throw an amazing charity fundraiser in their gorgeously appointed courtyard that mixed our love for great cocktails with a chance to see friends at the close of Labor Day weekend all while raising money for the 3-Day. The entire staff on the day of the event was exceptionally helpful - Jerry's absolutely went above and beyond my expectations of throwing a little end of summer happy hour and everyone had a blast. Dan made terrific cocktails, the kitchen provided us with delicious dips and grilled veggies, Liz was hustling with all of the drink orders rolling through - and all was handled effortlessly.
Whether you are throwing a birthday dinner, having a fancy jazzy brunch, meeting friends for happy hour, or hosting a charity event - Jerry's can handle it all with style and grace. I know, because I've experienced them all and that's what keeps us coming back.I really want this place to be "great," but after two visits I have to say it is just ok. The atmosphere is nice and the interior design work is tops, but those are about the best attributes Jerry's is offering in my opinion. The prices are very high for what they are offering for both food and drink. Ordered the mussels and they came out refrigerator cold. Sent back for a fresh hot batch and we are certain they tossed in the microwave to quick heat. They were bad. My French dip had zero flavor. Need a new au jus. The service was average at best. Our server did not have much to offer and seemed more interested in pushing us through our meal. 
I hope they read the review and work on improvements.  As I mentioned, I'd love to make this a regular spot.Went here Sunday for brunch and it was good! I got the brunch burger and potatoes which I enjoyed. My friend got the chicken sandwich and fries, which she liked too. There was live jazz music, no wait, and they have a great atmosphere. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the mimosa prices were kinda high? Or just not what I'm used to. 1 mimosa was listed at $9.95. The carafe was listed at $23. We got the carafe and were surprised at the size. The bottle said 1/2 litre. We each got 1.5 mimosas out of it. They were mostly champagne, which was nice, but we were expecting a larger carafe. I'd definitely go back, but probably get a carafe for myself. Overall great experience with kinda, attentive wait staff.Great neighborhood restaurant. Tasty food and friendly service.  
My favorite thing about this place are the interiors!  The dining room is textured and authentic feeling, while the outdoor patio area is clean and modern. The contrast makes it possible to enjoy the same tasty food in different settings. 
Jerry's is awesome.My advice: GO ELSEWHERE. There are so many awesome places in NoLibs that you should not waste your time or money on this place. I'm usually VERY tolerant of restaurants and recognize how difficult it can be, especially when they're busy but this was hands down one of the most atrocious dining experiences I've had to date. 
First, the service. Our waitress, Jamie, kept her notepad in her BRA and would pull it out to write things down. That's what girls do in a bar with their phone, not as a server in a restaurant! I was shocked. Wear something with pockets! Then when we asked if it was possible to modify a dish, she kept making excuses for the kitchen (they're really backed up, I don't think they can) instead of using good customer service to say, "I'll check for you" even if there's no way in hell it can happen. Then you come back, apologize and say the kitchen isn't able to accommodate. By the way, the request was to substitute vegetables for pita bread with the trio of dips app, since we had a diner with celiac. Needless to say, we didn't order that app.
Also, we put in our apps and dinner orders at the same time, because it took a very long time to get our first round of drinks and we didn't want to wait longer than we had too. After our second round of drinks, our apps still did not appear (this was at least 30 minutes or so after ordering). The restaurant was starting to clear out as it was later (after 9pm) so we weren't sure why it was taking so long. About another 20 minutes later and lo and behold, out comes our...entrees? Wait, what happened to the apps? Well, they came after the entrees! All we got from our waitress was "Sorry the apps didn't come sooner, there was a mix-up on the ticket." From your boob sweat, maybe? Sorry, that lame excuse doesn't cut it. We were starving by this point so no one had the energy to argue but honestly, I didn't want my $11 app at that point because I now had my dinner. Had I known that, I wouldn't have wasted the money. Sigh.
The app was just meh but my sandwich (the cauliflower melt) was actually quite good. But the fries? Cold and literally some were still frozen. FROZEN. How do you serve cold fries? Needless to say I didn't finish them (although someone else at my table didn't care and did it for me). I was so fed up at this point, I just wanted to leave. The rest of our party was equally disappointed in the service and the food. One girl's lamb burger was almost raw (she didn't finish it). Then a few people were interested in dessert but our waitress disappeared. We were the only table left, with a handful of people at the bar...where did she go? It took so long for her to get back no one wanted more drinks or dessert at that point. 
Between the frozen food and subpar service, I would never return.I used to go here for brunch almost once a week, however on my recent visit I discovered that they have a new chef and modified menu. All of the go to favorites like steak and eggs and the brunch burger are off the menu.  We tried the waffles and pork and the biscuits and gravy, and both were not very appetizing. Everything tasted like it was cooked over a rustic campfire,  with very strange flavors.  I'm sad to say that I will not go back to what was one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly.Loved it! The atmosphere; it was so cozy and nice, the service was great and diligent, the music was awesome, but most importantly, the food.The food was absolutely delicious! I highly recommend the pierogi's, they were out of this world! The caesar salad was very good, too, and the fries were yummy.This restaurant left me satisfied and very full....I will definitely be returning here!Wow! Here's your joint. Great food in a well thought out atmosphere. A mixture of the old and the new. Give this place a try.What an amazing place! Love the atmosphere, the staff and the food. You can not go wrong with Jerry's. Brunch offers live music, and dinner offers a romantic ambiance. The chef creates some amazing dishes (my favorite, the variety of ways he prepares escargot). Also, a great space to host a private party.Great food along with great service, awesome environment! Love the out door space in the spring and summer, definitely one of my favorite spots!Recently, Jerry's has become one of my favorite restaurants. I dinned there with my neighbors and we all had a wonderful time. The service was exceptional and friendly from our waitress with dark hair (I don't remember her name). She answered all my questions about the beers and brought out a couple to sample. I ended up having an Allagash and a darker craft beer (don't remember the name but both were fantastic). Due to some dietary restrictions, she also gave me suggestions on what would be good for me. I ended up with an amazing Falafel Salad. They had a mixture of 80's and 90's music playing in their indoor/outdoor patio area, which was cozy and vibrant. My neighbors and I will be visiting Jerry's Bar more often.In my opinion this is currently one of the nicest restaurants in Northern Liberties. If you are looking for something that is a step above the rest of the pub food that is so prevalent in the neighborhood, this is the place.  Food is reasonably priced but if you're doing some drinking, it will cost you.This has to be one of the greatest brunch spots in the city. I love the atmosphere and feel of Jerrys. Everyone is so nice and polite. They are great with my son. The food is amazing and the drinks are always spot on. My personal favorite is the bloody marys. I would highly recommend going here. Cant top it. Oh and they should get rid of the guy bartenders. No one wants to see a dude behind the bar.I LOVE this place! The food never disappoints. I stopped in last weekend for dinner with a friend; I had the crab cake sandwich and it was so good. YUM. Service was great and I love the design of the place too!!My husband and I have eaten here 3 times now. Each time has been solid. The pierogies, chicken apple sausage and wings are awesome apps! The Jerry's burger is also really good. The up-charge for the squash fries is worth it. Our new local place here in Northern Libs!This place is awesome. Excellent quality food. I've been twice -  brunch and dinner. For brunch I had strawberry pancakes and bacon. The pancakes were moist and had incredible flavor and the bacon was heaven. For dinner I got the steak frites - absolutely delicious. I can't complain about it at all. My boyfriend ordered the burger and has been raving about it since. This place has easily become a favorite of mine.I don't hate this place, but as the two stars indicate, I really have experienced better. 
Went for Sunday brunch. The live music, was, just ok. The interior of the place has some cool elements, but it doesn't really have a lot of character. It's nice, but about as unique or memorable as a nice name brand hotel bar. 
The two of us sat at the bar and received quick, unfriendly service. The bartenders were not rude, at all. They just weren't engaging or happy or friendly. The drink menu was pretty awesome, but I was a little disappointed that everything was so expensive. 
The whole experience was just pretty forgettable, and pricey. I am up for paying for a great experience, but I didn't find it here. 
As someone who eats out / goes out a lot, I just value places with character. Also, you kind of know when you roll into a new place if it has "it". Unfortunately, for me, Jerry's missed the mark.Best Brunch spot in northern liberties in my opinion and I have gone to almost every spot. Whether you just finished crashing steel or riding the struggle bus the unique menu items are killer and the Bloody's are legit. The out side seating is perfect to just kick back and relax. Def my go to on Saturday or Sunday mornings before engaging in a Sunday Funday for the Birds game!Had a reservation for brunch for 8 people at 11:30 on Sunday morning. It had just started snowing, live jazz was playing, and the hostess brought us upstairs into a cozy yet spacious nook. Despite my hangover, there were good vibes all around.
Kicked brunch off right with a delicious bloody mary ($8.50- two of my friends really went for it with the jumbo shrimp for $1.50 extra) and we split a sticky bun ($4.50) 8 ways (everyone got 2-3 bites). The bun was unreal and I wish we had gotten two for the table instead of one. Highly recommended.
I had the shirred eggs with hashbrowns ($11) for my entree. A little spinach, a little mushroom, a little truffle oil = perfect. The hashbrown is like a latke- a deep fried and super thin potato pancake with onion and salt and pepper. So good. I agree with Rebecca S. in that the shirred eggs were slightly overcooked, but I didn't mind too much. Our server was sweet and attentive.
There aren't many places in Philly that take reservations for brunch. Skip the lines and go to Jerry's.Just finishing a great meal at Jerry's.  Wonderful service, fabulous food, intriguing beer list.  Don't miss the mussels pirogies and the pickled brined wings.  Churros to die for. Will be back.After many, many brunches and dinners at Jerrys I have to say that I am thoroughly disappointed with both the food and the service I experienced today. My family and I came for Mother's Day brunch- a party of 7 people. The menu was sub-par, everything was changed and the variety was limited. After having ordered the gravlox, I was so disgusted when what ended up on my plate looked like fatty sushi. Not smokey, no flavor, disgusting. I did not complain, I just sat and could not wait for the plate to be taken away.  My party insisted on telling the waitress that we did not care for the lox. She apologized, snatched the plate away and as our bill showed up- the lox was still on it. When we asked about it- she stated that the kitchen tasted it, not just one but two people tried it and felt it was fine....but me as the customer...did not. The customer was not satisfied but apparently Jerrys Bar doesn't care if the customer thinks their food is disgusting- just that the kitchen staff thought it was ok. 
We've been a fan of this place since it opened and it has really, REALLY, gone down hill fast. Never coming back.Such a cool, upscale, nice place in Northern Liberties. Awesome drinks, amazing food and some of the most comfortable and welcoming combination of ambiance, bartenders, and music playlists in Philly. Everyone can enjoy, period. Amazing location and building too.We live in Fishtown and hang out or dine in Northern Liberties often. We LOVE Jerry's bar, this is our spot to relax and have a special night out when we are not taking our kids out. 
We were celebrating our anniversary this past Wednesday night and we went to our favorite...Jerry's! THE FOOD WAS TERRIBLE. What happened? We heard a chef left?
This was incredibly disappointing. We usually not not complain and send food back but...we HAD to. The salads, beet salad and side dish with beets and citrus- awful. The salad was made with no love what so ever...the cheese was dumped into a clump under a bed of poorly cooked beets and wilted lettuce. It was the most sorry plate of beets and lettuce I have seen in a long time. In my past life I worked in MANY restaurants and I know it starts in the kitchen BUT...the server has responsibility too and that salad should have never even gotten served. Seriously. 
The main course did not get much better, we had the gnocchi and it sounded so delicious and fresh in the description, gross. Gross pile of food under a huge over cooked broth and pile of cheese on top to sustain a small village. Blech. 
We got the muscles and this pot was so so - had waaaay better at previous visits to Jerry's 
We also had the wings- these were great! BUT- three were over fried skin on bone and no meat??? AGAIN...never should have made it out of the kitchen. 
These experiences spread fast, we have since talked to a few others who have recently had sour experiences. Shame, Jerry's was one of the best things to come into the area in a long time. 
we miss it alreadyThis place rocks! The cocktails are uniquely crafted, delicious, and fairly priced. The food is fantastic. I had Jerry's Burger, and it was honestly one of the best (if not THE best) burger I have ever had-- it is melt-in-your-mouth good.. Bravo Jerry's!i ordered a $5 draft beer.  the waitress takes my order but returns a few minutes later to let me know they were out of the beer i ordered, but she would bring me something comparable.  i take a sip of it, and i didnt like it at all.  i tell the waitress that i didnt like the beer she brought me and all she had to say was, "thats too bad!"  really?  thats all you have to say?  to add insult to injury, the comparable beer she brought me was $15 and she didnt even tell me.  the atmosphere and food was nice but this whole beer fiasco left a sour taste in my mouth (literally).  talk about poor customer service!My husband and I stopped in for brunch on New Year's Day and it was busy, but we grabbed two seats at the corner of the bar near the service bar. First, when the bartender finally stopped talking to her co-workers, she took our drink order and then grabbed a bunch of glasses with her fingers in the glasses. Then she mentioned to her co-worker that she probably shouldn't have done that, but then went on to make our bloody marys with those glasses and her fingers that she had been handling shrimp with. Then she gave me and my husband the wrong garnishes and just stuck her hands back in the glasses in front of us to switch everything around. When she took our order we asked to sub breakfast potatoes for french fries which she said no to that request flat out. Maybe it is the restaurant policy to not sub, but switching potatoes for potatoes is pretty standard. It is also weird to only offer french fries with breakfast food. We ordered the pork roll sandwich and the egg was supposed to be over easy and it was over hard and we ordered the croque monsieur and there were runny egg whites which is gross. Then the other bartender licked whipped cream off of his fingers and then served drinks with those hands. Neither ever washed their hands. It was gross. Won't be back.Friendly service, hummus platter was  and short walk to the Fillmore before our show was great!Had a really nice time. Good food nice cocktails. Was there on a first date(tinder). Would recommend it had a nice decor and feel to the place.I've been here twice now, once for brunch and once for dinner. For brunch, I ordered the west coast burger. The burger itself tasted good, but was VERY greasy and soaked right through the bun. I kind of wish the bun was something sturdier. I also got a Bloody Jerry, which was incredible! We also got to sit in the little side garden area, which was super cute, and lit up with heat lamps since it was pretty cold outside. For dinner, I ordered the Reuben - which actually contained NO meat. It was the first time I've ever had a reuben with no meat, but it was actually quite delicious! They subbed the meat for some kind of broccoli I think. My only complaint would have been the drink prices, which were a bit high, even for the NoLibs area. Other than that, the atmosphere and service was great.Food is very good and the place is very nice and elegant. Love the decor of the place! The only problem I have of this place is that the food and drinks are too expensive. I know it's northern liberties, but damn you don't have to overcharge us that much lol. Anyways I do recommend for a romantic elegant date, the food is good, but your wallet won't be too happy lolIf only the food and service were as nice as the outdoor seating. 
Food and service were lousy on a Friday night. Nice decor and outdoor seating, and good drink selection. Bar looks decent and I hear brunch is good, but I would not come back here for dinner or recommend that anyone else do so (except maybe an enemy).I had never heard of this place until we were yelping for a romantic place for a celebratory dinner. With such great reviews, we had to get to Northern Liberties to try it out. 
Ordered the mussels, scallops, and french dip to share. Everything was delicious, came out quickly, the prices were fair, and the service was perfect. Loved the atmosphere, too. Next time, we will make reservations so we can sit in the outdoor courtyard which looked absolutely perfect. Loved it here!We have recently discovered this wonderful little eatery not too far from home.  Our first trip was for brunch and we were blown away by how fresh the ingredients were.  My favorite dish here is the wings Alabama white style.  This place is definitely nicer than we ever imagined and we look forward to other trips here.  
This is a great place for happy hour. They have a jazz band for brunch on the weekend which you should make reservations for.We went for brunch and it was absolutely delicious! All of the staff were super courteous.  The interior is absolutely beautiful, all of the salvaged materials give this place a rad vibe.I would give less than one star if possible. Some friends and I decided to head to Jerry's for Sunday brunch. Our table was a total of 6 and we did arrive two at a time, though we were seated before our whole party arrived. The waiter seemed attentive at first, getting the two of us our drinks and delivering them timely, the restaurant was not crowded at this point. Two more from our party arrived and the waiter came back to fill our waters but did not take additional drink orders, he also spilled my water all over the table an walked away with barely an apology and no attempt to get us more napkins or help clean it up. We waited about 20 minutes for him to come back and during that time, the final two arrived. This time, we had to initiate ordering drinks and discussed ordering food at that time because of the delay, rather than wait and take our order, he said he would get our drinks and come right back. Another 20 minutes went by before we saw him again.  Once we finally put our food order in, it took at least 45 minutes before the first 3 of six dishes came out. At this point, the waiter realized he forgot to put in our appetizer and asked if we still wanted it. We waiting another 30 minutes for the remaining 3 meals and were asked no less than 6 times what we were waiting for because the servers and kitchen could not get their tables straight. It was clear other tables were having the same problems. The manager came to our table a few times and apologized and told us one or two entrees would be comped, not the three we had been waiting for for over an hour. We finished our meal and could not leave fast enough but couldn't find the server anywhere to get our check. After another 30 minutes of waiting once we finished, we finally asked some one else if we could have our check. That server told ours and he clearly looked annoyed, got us our check, and not one item had been comped. The service we received was appalling. The manager seemed to be trying but was clearly overwhelmed and the staff is grossly under-trained and not attentive.This place is just awesome. Everything from the bar, to the lighting, to the menu is done right. 
I went here for a late dinner/drinks last night with my roommates because we wanted to try somewhere we haven't been yet and we were pleasantly surprised with the great draft list. Sadly, they were out of the beer that all three of us wanted, but with suggestions from our waitress we were able to pick new beers.
I had the burger and it was juicy and cooked just right! My only complaint was that it was super greasy as if they buttered the brioche bun. Other than that, the caramelized onions and cheese on the burger were wonderful. 
The old time ambiance of this place is what really makes it special and cozy- I will definitely be back for food and drinks all winter!Came here after attending a festival at Sugarhouse, the bar was clean, elegant, but not too bourgeois. The Salmon was amazing, they put chorizo in it which creates a great flavor, the mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts were really good too. You can get hearty options, but there's also light fare. I didn't give it a 5 because it's a little humid and they have the individual bathroom set up instead of stalls, which I'm not a fan of, but that's just me.Came here with a friend of mine from college. Ordered just apps and sides (stuffed tomato and Brussels sprouts) both were excellent. I also got an old fashioned and it was perfect. Would highly recommendCame here for the mid-day menu on a Saturday and had the No Libs Burger & Fries. The burger was cooked absolutely perfectly and the fries were amazing. The decor is cool and the staff were very friendly. 
The best burger I've had in a long time!So I've been here twice now.  This last time was better than the first!  The first time I went there was not live music.  I do not know if that is a scheduled thing that you'd know about if you went there often enough or if it was just a pop up but it was awesome!  It made it feel a little bit like New Orleans.  A really rad addition to some fantastic food!
Before I even went there I was smitten with the appeal.  The Dart and Camaro that can be seen with arrows showing you the way and the Jerry's logo spray painted on the doors are a fantastic use of advertising dollars.  It really adds to the allure of the place.  My only qualm would be that the barricade jacket on front street is not fitted to the barricade.  So happens my company produces barricade jackets...so maybe next time I'll leave my card.  I really love the inside of the place.  From the sign outside to the rustic feel inside.  It's cool that it's in a kinda hidden spot as well.  I'm sure the cars are enough to draw interest and get you to look it up.  
I can hang with any place that sell La Colombe coffee. The food here is Stellar.  I cannot remember what I ordered the first time but this time i got the Eggs Jerry which is Smoked salmon, poached egg, caper dill hollandaise, potato latke.  I did not memorize that, I copied and pasted.  It was delicious and just the right amount of food.  However next time I'm def getting what My GF had.  The Taylor pork roll & scrapple sandwich.  I tried two bites and it was awesome.  
I'd love to try this place for dinner since the Brunch is so fantastic but I only ever seem to end up there on weekend brunchy days. As of right now this is my favorite brunch spot in Philadelphia.  I really don't think this place will disappoint anyone who enjoys breakfast items but is too lazy to get up before 10 AM.
*Also They took one of the photos of my Dog's instagram(not mine, his) in front of the Jerry's Camaro and put it up on the wall.  Which was really cool coming from such a great restaurant!  I didn't get to see it in person but a friend snapped a shot and sent it to me.
ANYWAY I'VE SAID TOO MUCH.  No one reads reviews this long.  GO HERE.Just moved back to Phlly, and cant believe what they have done to Jerry's.  Outstanding job, from the meals to the decor, this place is top notch.  
NoLibs needs some more spots like this that are truly deserving of 5 starsI've been wanting to go to Jerry's for some time now and I am happy we went on St. Patty's. The service was great and the hostess was very flexible with me running a few minutes late. We got the French Toast and the Salmon latke Benedict. They complimented each other perfecting. The only reason I am giving them four stars is the Bloody Mary was a bit watered down (). Otherwise, great spot for brunch.Just went here for brunch with a small group and the food was excellent. My friends got a beermosa and Bloody Mary and they both had nothing but positive things to say about them. Also, I had the turkey sausage skillet with a side of home fries which was spicy and excellent. My friend ordered cannoli French toast but the server made a mistake and got him regular French toast so she got the table a sticky bun as an apology, which was so incredibly delicious. Like for serious, I'm not even into sweets and it was amazing. Looking forward to returning here soon.You do not have to be over 21 to get in. I like their burgers and beers. The wine is 5 dollars and pretty good. It is a little bit hard to find it, it located in a small block.Waited an hour for a simple dish, so disappointed. They didn't even offer to comp my drink or anything. Waitress was very nice, though.I made a Yelp account to specifically write this review. 
I came here this past week for an event they were having for CBC. I had only been to this bar one other time, last year during beer week, and remember thinking it was awesome. Friendly bartenders, great drink, great food, etc. So naturally when I saw they were hosting a good brewery, I made my way over, much to my dissatisfaction. 
The bartender working was SO RUDE AND MISOGYNISTIC. I get it, you probably thought I wanted to cocktail since I'm female, but isn't this a freaking craft beer bar?! I do not need someone to rolling their eye and huff at me for asking about a beer I want AT A BEER BAR. "I make a great blah blah blah, you want that?" NO! I want to drink what I want to drink. It wasn't even busy, why try to push customers away by pressuring them into drinking something else? Go take your "mixology" skills elsewhere. Maybe to a cocktail bar???
Despite the cool things this bar may do and despite the beautiful interior, this bar is never going to be one I recommend again.Only stopped in because my friends dragged me in. Had a miller lite. The place is VERY classy, looks likes it caters to an affluent crows. Friends had some chocolate specialty beers and they loved them. Counter top was impressive, staff were moving leisurely for 3pm. Not interested in attending again when in Philly, but it was a beautiful place.I saw this place mentioned in Zagat online.  Me and a friend decided to check it out for the Sunday Brunch.  There wasn't a wait - so that was a plus.  I like the drink choices and having a live band play in the background doesn't hurt.  We tried the homemade cinnamon bun to start - delicious!!  As we decided on our main dishes - We went with the french toast - which had vanilla ice cream on top...Somewhat Sweet, so be aware, Bacon, Steak & Eggs.  The food was ok, I have had better, the the service is what made the experience better.
I appreciated the retro look of the restaurant and I felt that the patron were a nice mix, not all hipsters, families or loud folks.  I thought it was mellow enough, but managed to have a good vibe.  
I would return, maybe dinner visit.Can't say one bad thing. Love this place. Mussels amazing.  Wine great. Love this placeCame here for Sunday brunch, when they have live jazz music. Unfortunately it gets so crowded and we were seated in the back room away from all the excitement. On the bright side, it's a good spot if you want to chat away from the commotion. 
The Bloody Mary variations are great, and they come with lots of fixins (olive, cherry tomato, cornichon, etc.). My favorites are Bloody Marias. For food, I got the Jerry Benedict with eggs on latkes instead of English muffin, which is genius. My friend got the spaetzle, which was good but a pretty tiny serving. 
The service was a little slow because of the brunch rush, but overall our server was kind when he came by. He apologized for our sides coming so late (as we were finishing our meal) so they comped it, proving great customer customer service.I haven't been there... YET. But I had their Bloody Jerry at the Best of Philly Party last night and I went back for another, it was that good. Old Bay rimmed glass, skewer of shrimp, cherry tomato, olive, cornichon, and hot pepper, and best of all, no overwhelming horseradish taste. If the rest of the menu is this good, it will be one of my new favorites. My friends and I are planning a brunch date!Came with my roommate for happy hour. We sat in the courtyard (covered patio). Beautiful atmosphere with fans to keep us cool in the heat! 
 For drinks they offered $2 off drafts, $5 wines and $5 special cocktails. We got the house red and house white wines. Came in a chilled glass and was very refreshing!
They have select appetizers for happy hour specials, but we went for the $5.00 burgers and split a side of fries. 
Fries came out hot and crispy! Burgers were the perfect size with lettuce, cheese, and "comeback sauce".. very good, with a little kick!! 
Wouldn't hesitate to recommend, especially for happy hour! Cant wait to try out their infamous brunch!!!Been here a few times, once for brunch, once ate at the bar, and twice for dinner.
Great atmosphere and decor, but the place doesn't absorb any sound so it gets pretty loud in there.
Brunch was good overall, though what I got was (steak and eggs) were subpar.
Dinner has been delicious both times!  (Sorry, don't remember what I got.)
Service and beer selection are great.
Can't miss the smoked trout salad!I am a fan of Marshall Green - he and his chefs and this new location are doing a wonderful job.  The menu has just the right amount of items - not overwhelming but something for everyone.  I had the duck salad and gazpacho - both incredible.  The Jerry's Burger was excellent.  The amount of effort that went into restoring the building and patio is impressive.  Live jazz at brunch is always a bonus.I stopped in here recently after perusing Brooklyn Flea Market on a Sunday. The kitchen did not open until 5p and we ordered a bunch of appetizers (dip trio is a must) and some drinks. Decent selection of booze/beer/libations and a small menu that hits on all the favorites.
Our server was fantastic but the atmosphere seemed a little 'pretentious/expensive' for the neighborhood. I look forward to stopping back in at a different time OR for brunch soon.After hearing a lot of hype about Jerry's Bar, it was time to check it out. 
The decor of the place is really eye catching right away, it was intimate and cozy and made me not want to leave!
The food was very good.. we ordered french onion soup and the meatballs to share as appetizers. Both were great but the meatballs were the standout. I don't think I could share them next time..
For dinner, I got the gnocchi and they were really good. Well made and the other flavors (gorgonzola and dates for example) were different but worked really well. My boyfriend ordered the Jerry's Burger and said it rivaled Village Whiskey's.. so that's saying something!
We also tried the ricotta and pumpkin donut holes.. they were good but we were stuffed so I'm not sure we were able to appreciate them fully.
Overall, food, drinks and ambiance were completely up to par and I think Jerry's Bar lives up to the hype.
Can't wait to go back!I took my fiancé here the day after we went to Sbraga.  He was still raging over the bad service, mediocre food, and crazy expensive check...so I had to get down and dirty on yelp.  I needed to find a place that would hit all of his "feel good points" to bring him out of his insanity and Jerry's did just that.  1.  We sat outside..fresh air is good for calming down rage.  2.  He ordered a bloody and loved the gimmicky shrimp..his ADD ass was thrilled!  3.  The service was good and the food was excellent..." So much better than last night!" 4.  I let him try my French onion soup.. This never happens.  * Side note.. Soup was good but needs more cheese  5.  Our bill was way under the  $180 we spent at Spraga.  He was really happy about that.  Thanks Jerry's for helping me bring a madman back to normal!!!Came on a wednesday with girlfriends.  Great service,  tasty drinks, and amazingg food. Also music and layout of this place greats an amazing vibe. Highly recommenda favorite neighborhood bar and restaurant. The bartender downstairs (older guy) makes some fantastic drinks and has a nice vibe. I like the oysters very much. The food is occasionally inconsistent, but always good. Live music on Friday nights is fun.The staff was great, the service took a terribly long time for what turned out to be inedible glob, overpriced, drowning in a coagulated cream sauce and poorly described on the menu.  I took 2 bites and left, don't waste your time.Jerry's brunch has been the most consistent and enjoyable in the city. Very sorry to say that appears to have changed. The much loved crispy homefries are gone, and along with them the light, fluffy and flavorful pancakes. The new pancakes are tasteless, heavy and overcooked. Overcooking was the order of the day..from the burger (way past medium), the fritata (dry), to the eggs Jerry (more like hard boiled eggs). Very disappointing.
We will most likely give it one more try before we venture forth in search of a new favorite. In the meantime, the sunday jazz combo should learn to play the new chef blues.You know you're at a classy joint when there is a cellist at brunch time and the Eagles' game is on, but nobody is screaming or cussing. Also, the Eggs Jerry (salmon and poached eggs on potato latkes) is a must-order. Overall, a beautiful space in Northern Liberties with a fine drink menu and a good kitchen.This is a great chill spot with great martinis and beer selection is on point! Bartender is friendly and has good recommendations for other drinks.I've mentioned on numerous occasions that I'm not a Brunch person. I love the idea of mixing breakfast with anything. I love the idea of also adding alcohol to that equation. Heck, booze has become such a big part of it that I'm pretty sure that "Brunch" is actually a combination of "Breakfast" and "Drunk".
No, I think my problem with Brunch is that it's become too fancy, too trendy. It's not uncommon to wait over an hour for seating at almost every place that offers Brunch. The offerings are things I often have to ask my much more seasoned Brunchers for clarification. Essentially, I'm too stupid to "get" Brunch.
Despite my bias, I found myself at Jerry's Bar this mild Sunday afternoon. I was meeting with dear friends who suggested the place because the last time we met for brunch it was at the now gone Cafe Estelle and we enjoyed it. Jerry's chef was the Estelle chef so it was a no brainer. 
Being that this is a bar, it's not BYOB so we had a few drinks while we waited for a table. It was a long wait but when you are with good friends, it doesn't matter. 
I really liked the staff and atmosphere at Jerry's. Very warm and simple. Again, the menu was a little fancy for my loutish preferences. Give me eggs, bacon and toast and I'm good. It is nice ,however, to do something off the path occasionally so I prepared for something good. 
We shared a cinnamon bun and agreed that Estelle's was better. I went completely against the grain and got a cauliflower and cheese omelette.  I didn't like it, but I take off no points for it because it was my own stupidity. I didn't like the apple butter in it ( I hate mixing sweet and savory). I saw it on the menu but read it as apple smoked bacon. Yes , I'm an idiot. Everything else was fantastic. I got a side of sausage that seemed house made and was great.  I had a touch of Brunch Envy at the Brunch burger my friend ordered. It looked really good. 
So overall, if you are a Brunch person, Jerry's is for you. It pretty much hit all of the requirements of a great Brunch experience. Here's hoping I never have to type " Brunch " ever again. This was too much.After a stellar brunch experience at Jerry's which I rated 5 stars, I went there for dinner with a friend from out of town last night hoping to impress her with my neighborhood bar. Unfortunately, we were both really disappointed! We ordered 2 glasses of wine which were good, and two appetizers; the "rock shrimp" in lettuce cups and wings with plum glaze and peanut sauce. I had thought the shrimp would have some kind of dressing or sauce with it but no. Just small, fried shrimp placed in lettuce with some daikon. There was supposed to be a siracha aioli that I think they forgot. The appetizer was pretty flavorless and the shrimp were just small and over breaded. The wings we got were very flavorful however the sauce was soooo spicy. I did not know was sambal was but after trying the sauce I sure did! Unfortunately the menu didn't do much for me. I didn't think they had a very good variety of foods. Their appetizers are very eclectic so if you want something unique (i.e. escargots) then you are in luck. I guess I was expecting more basic dishes with a much better execution. I will be back for brunch but definitely avoid dinner.Went around these parts for a birthday party.  Overall, it's a VERY cool bar.  Small dining area, so it's best to make reservations.
Pierogies.  Absolutely the best ever.  Handmade, served with pear jam and sour cream.  It'll run you about $8 for 3 of them, but it's totally worth every penny.
Both my fiance and I had the Jerry's Burger, which was melt-in-your-mouth good.  Didn't need any sauce, since the buttery roll and handmade burger went right down the hatch.
Only drawback was the service.  Seemed like the one or two waitresses were getting overwhelmed, despite the small size of the place.What a great experience! Ali and Hannah took superb care of me. I'm a beer man but was in the mood for cocktails since the bar clearly had fine spirits and a great cocktail menu. Over the long course of the evening I had six different cocktails from their menu. Each was expertly blended. I also talked to Hannah extensively about their beer list and there was strong consideration for the beer lover. Ali's Old Fashioned was as good as it gets and both were wonderful bartenders and gracious hostesses all night. I look forward to visiting again soon!If three was a any kind of way to give this place a zero star review, I would. The menu for food never matches what comes to the table, the drinks (cocktails) are half-assed. Correct the menu and then maybe figure out why nobody understands. With all of the other options of places to eat in this city, I would never give this place a chance. I wish we had been some sort of VIP party that everyone raves about. Apparently if you're not cool with owner or manager, you're just somebody else.What a really fine addition to Philly's gastro-pub scene this place is!
Jerry's Bar is tucked away on the small side-streets of Northern Liberties.  You won't find it unless you seek it out.  The first thing you notice when you walk in is how awesome it looks inside. The details and workmanship on everything - from the floors to the ceiling, the bar to the light fixtures - is impeccable.  The next thing you will notice is that you will be accorded a friendly greeting.  And finally you will be seated at the bar or at a table, upstairs or downstairs and you will revel in a fine beer assortment and a tasty bistro menu.  Here I have to give a shout out because they have Disco Fries - Northern New Jersey's homage to Quebec's Poutine.  They come with a total cardiac advisory ... but you can't stop eating them!Fabulous new menu!  Everything was phenomenal.  It was a crowded Saturday night and we still had great service and incredible food.  I would highly recommend the hummus trio as an appetizer.  The seared salmon was just magnificent, arriving on a huge bed of puréed sweet potatoes, grilled tomatoes, spinach and a mild chorizo, and surrounded by a paprika infused oil.  Heaven!  Wasn't thrilled with the Caesar salad but it came with very fresh spinach, cucumbers, tomatoes and grilled hard goat cheese.  It just seemed a bit bland but we had asked for light dressing.  
Others at the table got the Korean tofu sandwich (I tried a bite - very spicy! Fabulous!) and someone else the steamed fish pot.  It looked amazing and came with generous pieces of crab legs, mussels, shrimp, pieces of corn on the cob and red potatoes, etc.  It was beautifully served in a large crab pot.  See photos.  Creme brûlée and berries and cream for dessert - no photos of them as they disappeared too quickly.  Our server was really attentive and super nice.  A manager also checked on us so well done Jerry's.  Will definitely be back!One of my favorite places for food and drinks in Northern Liberties!
It is such a hidden gem, tucked away from the un-authenticity of the piazza restaurants. Such a charming atmosphere for any time of year. I love the bar for cozy winter nights, and the outdoor space (and bar!) in the warmer months. Excellent cocktail menu, rotating beer list, and... THEIR BURGER. The Jerry's Burger to be specific. One of the best in the city! 
Service at the bar and in the dining room is always friendly. I can't say enough good things about this place!The atmosphere? No doubt a 5 star rating. Twinkling lights above your head in the outdoor seating section. Industrial yet welcoming decor indoors. Lovely tunes coming from the live music act. The food? Solid 5 stars as well. I got the chicken and mushroom ravioli. It exceeded my expectations, both in taste and in plating. They've got sandwiches and salads and fancier entrees too. Something for everyone! A great neighborhood place for evening dinner/drinks.Laid back, great happy hour and staff. Close to the fillmore as well. Not a bad place to stop before a show.Great atmosphere, simple but delicious food and a overly friendly and sometimes sassy staff. We've been to Jerry's a few times and we always leave noting what s great hang out it is.I'll tell you what... Don't judge a book by its cover. Jerrys is a confusing walk away from punchline philly, but this is exactly where you want to be before and after the show.
Food: I ordered two appetizers from the menu to hold my girlfriend and I from getting hungry during our upcoming show. The fried pickles were to die for (I love fried pickles and these were the bomb). They were super crispy with a delicious sauce on the side. Next we ordered the everything fries (cheese fries topped with everything bagel seasoning). How can you not like that.... 
Drinks were also great. Tons of craft beers and I loved the selection. 
5/5 
Service: our bartender was a bit quiet, but it matched with the setting. It seems like a hipster bar and whenever the barkeep opened his mouth whatever he had to say was worth saying. He wasn't too busy so the bartender was able to be very speedy with our order and drinks.
5/5
Location: mentioned earlier; the way there was a bit confusing, but dont be discouraged. It looks like a regular old philly bar from the outside. However, the inside was chill and trendy. I will definitely be returning solely based on the cool setting. 
4/5
Total:14/15We've been here about 10 times since Jerry's bar has opened. Everything has been absolutely stellar. The pork chop milanese is one of our favorites. Delicious. The tap list is great and the cocktails are always strong. The addition of the late night happy hour means we'll spending a lot more time here.Ive been here several times. This place is mis-named because its dim, candle lighting, and cool ambiance makes it more of a nice restaurants that has a bar.... Not just a bar.  In the summer it has outside seating which is great.  They have a great beer menu and i started with my usual IPA order which was cold and tasty.  My friend had an old fashioned and he said it was nice and strong, just the way he liked it.  I ordered buffalo wings and he ordered a burger and both were good.  Ive had a humus trio in the past, oysters, and omelets. I enjoyed all the food here and enjoy coming by regularly. Oh, they also have good bloody Marys for brunch!
I will def keep coming back and continue to recommend it to friends.I've been here twice for dinner and once for brunch. Dinner is good, but brunch was great. Nice selection of bloody mary's, great cinnamon bun and I really enjoyed my eggs benedict. My friend said the keish was the best he'd ever had.This was a nice brunch spot we were able to get into right away without a reservation. I enjoyed a mimosa and bacon cheeseburger. It didn't knock any similar brunch I've had out of the park, but it definitely was able to hold its own. Service was OK and the interior was nice. Worth a visit!I work around the corner and have been here a handful of times.  If you need a nice hideaway bar for date night or hanging out with the girls. Get the rock shrimp its a must have.  The  food and décor are fabulous (for those of us who remember this place be for the big reveal.  I'm not a drinker so I cant tell you about those but there are always specials.Since my dad's name is Jerry, Jerry's Bar has been on my radar since it opened. I finally had a chance to try it for dinner. There was live music, and the musician was taking requests of Beatles songs from the customers. I'm not a Beatles fan, but I do enjoy listening to live music when I'm having a leisurely meal. The music was a nice unexpected surprise. I started off with  the meatballs and toast along with a perfectly mixed rum & coke, which was a good start. Then I had the Jerry's burger with egg and bacon. A tasty burger for sure, but not juicy enough to stack up against the best burgers in the city.
Jerry's Bar is a good spot for eating bar food while listening to live music, but there is nothing to make it stand out in Philly's competitive restaurant scene.We've been here twice and the food has been amazing each time, but the service was glacial. The first time our server was busy inside and also busy talking in the kitchen. The second time, the kitchen was so backed up our food took almost an hour. The server brought us a manager who worked hard to rectify it, which was nice. They were very accommodating once they realized what was happening, which is why I'm giving this place 4 stars though I'd be leaning closer to three. I don't know if we'll give it another shot, honestly.This review is about 4 months too late but hey! at least i remembered, right? ;-)
I threw my husband a surprise 30th birthday here and Mary Ann was so wonderfully accommodating. We had about 25 people and had the whole terrace area to ourselves. They decorate a chalkboard for us so beautifully and everything was set up upon arrival! We had picked out our menu prior to the event and had it set up "brunch" style. It was about 3 or 4 selections plus unlimited bloody marys and mimosas for 2 hours. 
The only complaints I have is that for the price per person - I would expect more food. My guests were still hungry after leaving the party. It was also an extra $15 per person per hour for the unlimited bloody mary and mimosa option. Which adds up, especially for a 4 hour event that could only drink for 2!
I will say though - they 100% accommodated my guests who were vegetarians and had other dietary restrictions which was wonderful. 
Now we live very close by so we've been here to dine before. Their normal menu is very good and their brunch burger literally makes you drool with the thought of it. But I wasn't too impressed with their catering selections. It was a real shame to pay so much and feel like you didn't get enough, especially when its 25 people. 
I wouldn't cross this place off your list for the private rooms - but I would definitely be more diligent next time with what they offer, especially given the cost per person.I really liked Jerry's when it opened a few years ago. I even had my birthday there! Unfortunately the quality at Jerry's has really tanked and this will be my last time there. 
First, I championed Jerry's with my company to have our holiday party there even though it was more expensive than some Center City venues we've used in the past. The process was terrible. After we signed the contract it became impossible to reach the woman who was supposed to be handling the event. We scheduled early so we figured no big deal but started getting worried when we still didn't have the menu when it was stated in the contract that we would. Then when we finally got it 2 DAYS before the event, it was all fried foods even though we had specifically asked for at least one non-fried item  and guess who we couldn't get a hold of to change it? Then when she finally called us back on the day of, she gave us attitude about changing.... When we weren't actually changing, just asking for what was originally agreed to. In the end the party went fine but I would never recommend hosting an event there.
Tonight I went back for dinner thinking they couldn't have changed that much. Wrong. While the server was very nice and attentive, the food was terrible. I don't care that we waited 20 mins for a dip plate, we weren't in a rush, but the "dips" were more like salad dressing. Next my boyfriend ordered a Jerry's burger which he said was OK but the fries were tasteless and cold. I ordered the falafel salad. That. Is. Not. Falafel. It had the consistency of salty fried mac n cheese to the point that I had to light it with my phone to make sure it wasn't. Mushy tasteless and gross. I couldn't eat it. I don't send food back or complain to servers because it's certainly not their fault so I just ate the salad. 
So disappointed. Bye Jerry's.The food was amazing!  I had the eggs jerry and they were great.  I got a salad and asked for the dressing on the side - they put it on anyway.  My friend had the burger and it was huge!  The flavor on everything was excellent.  
The service was a little slow.  We sat at the bar.  You do need a reservation or you'll wait 20 minutes on a slow day.  Ambiance is loud.Went here with the fam for brunch. It was busy but not crowded. I would recommend getting reservations because they take them, but it was not necessary for us. We were seated and served right away. Cute band was playing (upright bass and guitar, smooth jams). Got a bloody mary, it was good but not amazing, pretty basic with a nice garnishing which was plentiful but not amazing either. To really impress me, they could have had some house-pickles vegetables. That being said, it did the job and was good. I got "eggs Jerry" for my meal and it was also good without blowing my mind. I liked the concept and ate it all with not-overwhelming glee. 
Family notes: generous portions, good coffee, salty potatoes.
All-in-all I love the atmosphere here, it's very cute and food was good. If the food was melting my socks off amazing I would have given it 5 stars easily. I will probably be back, I believe they have a good happy hour and I'd like to try more things here.We stopped at this corner bar before a comedy show expecting to get a.couple drinks and some apps, we were blown away by the quality of food we recieved. We ordered lobster stuffed shells, ahi, and lamb chops. The food wad so good we actually went back after the show to order oysters and another round of drinks.This is an all around amazing never heard of gem. Service, decor, food, all top notch. Like better than most top philly restaurants good. We will be back, again and again.Just enjoyed a Sunday brunch sitting at the bar next to the live jazz ensemble (string bass and guitar). Showed up with a friend at 11:30 and all they had was bar seats available so definitely get a reservation if you want to come here with more people. They have prosecco on tap and have a variety of brunch cocktails to choose from. I enjoyed their spiked cider and am already trying to recreate it at home. Their food was very good too. The smoked salmon Benedict comes with a potato latke and the salad was very light and refreshing. The hummus platter says it is a small plate but it is definitely much larger than you think!Seems like a nice enough place, but beware: eat before you arrive; by the time the kitchen gets around to preparing your food, you will ready to eat again. It also seems it's about a 50/50 chance you will receive what you actually ordered. After spending over an hour waiting for a Jerry's Burger, I was unapologetically brought the incorrect order and essentially told to suck it up; unless I wanted to wait another half hour+, I'd be stuck with the wrong dish and have to pay for it. Best advice is stay away from this customer service nightmare.Jerry's Bar is a new establishment that my friend and I checked out for brunch. The decor is cute and modern, and the waitresses are nice - they also make routine rounds to make sure the table is doing alright. 
I ordered the Croque Madame with the shoestring fries. Though the menu didn't mention this, the Croque Madame was made with a sweet french toast - something that I didn't appreciate too much. Of course, the shoestring fries were good because well, they're shoestring fries. The bar didn't have regular hot sauce or tabasco sauce - only sriarcha and a Mexican style pepper sauce. I wasn't into it and the server asked why... and I just said that I wasn't into it.
Not sure if I would revisit. Perhaps I would for dinner. Hopefully the dinner menu wouldn't include any false advertising of the food.Went for brunch and was not satisfied. They do take reservations and had live music, to set a pleasant mood. The bar/restaurant itself has a stylish decor (inclusive of the mini flower center pieces) and the service was ok.
We were very unhappy with the food. The menu was fairly small and not cheap. The chef apparently doesn't allow substitutions for home fries, leaving the option to eat fries or salad with breakfast/brunch foods.. My company, ordered the pork roll sandwich and didn't finish it because it was too greasy. I ordered the waffles with a side of smokey bacon, which were totally burnt and crunchy!!! Also, they put some type of yogurt on top of one of the waffles. That waffle wasn't touched.. Bacon was fatty and definitely a lot of salt was added .. The smokey flavor wasn't terrible thoughNot sure I can even give them 1 star because didn't even get to try the food. My party of 4 decided to go to Jerry's for my sisters bday brunch. 
We got to the restaurant and put our name on the wait list. We waiting about 45min to hour. Once we were seated the server never came to greet us so I went to the hostess (she was awesome) to ask where our sever was. 
We put our order and drinks in.... and immediately disappointed because the Bloody Mary I ordered never came. After awhile, I asked the server if it was coming. She asked what I ordered, it was clear she had forgotten to put the order in.
After about 45 mins waiting for food I flagged the server and asked how much longer would we have to wait for food, I needed to catch a train. 
Approaching an hour waiting for food we asked the server again how much longer we would have to wait. She said about 15 minutes. 
At that point my friends and I had waited to be seated then waited for food. 2 hours in we were done and left. 
It's a shame the management was not more up front about how slammed the kitchen and service staff was. It's a shame also the server wasn't better or had more intuition to just be honest. The best person in the whole restaurant was the host.As Mike Z. wrote, Jerry's Bar is not what one would expect from the name. There is a bar inside but it is more of a restaurant and a really nice one at that. The place is larger then I thought with two dining rooms and also an upstairs. It is also really pleasant and comfortable inside, with large windows, wood and tile floors and brick stonework. 
On this Sunday night the restaurant was not crowded. There were a few other diners and some customers at bar. Our server was really great and explained all the specials in great detail.  Jerry's has a good selection of beer also.
We had the Moules Frites for a starter and the muscles, thin fries and broth were very good with subtle flavors. We had the East Coast burger and the Chopped Beef and Sausage sandwich for our dinners.  The burger was outstanding, on a brioche bun with caramelized onions. The Chopped Beef and Sausage was also quite good and the sauce was spicy and flavorful. Both came with a nice side salad.
For dessert we had some sort of chocolate cake that was pretty much otherworldly. It was moist, not overly sweet with a perfect house made whipped cream. 
The menu at Jerry's Bar is not big, there were only 4 entrees but they did have a couple of entrée specials. All the food was prepared with great attention to detail. This is definitely a good spot to check out when looking for a nicer restaurant in Northern Liberties.
Parking can pretty difficult. We had to make a few laps before we found a space.Jerry's Bar is certainly a pretty cool restaurant a little bit off the beaten path in Northern Liberties. In fact, if you didn't know what you were looking for, I'm sure you'd never find it.
The food menu is limited but solid. As for the drinks, they have a good selection of cocktails and craft beers. Unfortunately, overall the restaurant is a little expensive. 
I'd like to stop in for their jazz brunch one of these days.... I've heard good things.First let me say that I'm glad to have a nice new non-Piazza spot in the neighborhood, but for me Jerry's has been hit or miss. They have a fairly extensive beer & cocktail list and the food is mostly good (the falafel, peirogies, trio of dips, churros).  I also love the look of the place and they have a nice off-sidewalk outdoor dining space.  Plus it's a bit off the beaten path, off the main drag of 2nd street and away from the noise and crowds. 
The atmosphere is more upscale than the other beer & burger spots in the neighborhood, and that's why I was extra dissappointed with my mussels the other night. I was expecting nice fresh mussels and thought that in a place like Jerry's I wouldn't have to worry about sand & grit, but alas, my mussels SUCKED. They had that funky old mussels taste to them and every one I bit into had grit/sand  in it.  Needless to say, I didn't finish them. I guess it was an off night since they are raved about in other reviews but still, that's no excuse.  I guess I should have complained but I didn't want to be an asshole.  My other, much more minor complaint is about my martini.  I ordered an extra dirty martini but what I got was more of an ever-so-slightly dirty martini. Don't get me wrong, it was a tasty cocktail but was not extra dirty...or dirty at all really.
I'll definitely keep going to Jerry's but I'll steer clear of the mussels and stick to the beer.Meh, You've been letting me down lately Jerry's. 
Let me start off by mentioning that I have been a fan of Jerry's since it first opened up a few years ago. I used to tell everyone and anyone that they had to check it out, especially for Jazz Brunch Sunday. For awhile it was hands down my favorite spot to bring family and friends. Sadly, my love for this place has dwindled for reasons I am about to mention.
First of all, service at Jerry's has always been a hit or miss in my opinion. There are a few waitresses that have stuck around since it opened, but other than those select few, the turn over rate is pretty high. Unfortunately this means that every time I come here, unless I get one of the OGs as my waitress, service is spotty at best. 
The past few times I have come for brunch with friends we have waited over a half hour to be seated (even when arriving at the time of our reservation), as well as waited over and hour for our food to arrive (which is never more than one dish per person). Sometimes we just order bagels and it still takes an hour! I understand that the kitchen can become backed up with orders on occasion, but it has been happening EVERY TIME. Get more people in the kitchen!
I think what upsets me the most about Jerry's demise is that the food isn't even good anymore, something that ultimately ruins an otherwise decent experience for me. I don't mind waiting around for great food, but I definitely DO mind waiting for food that is under seasoned and clearly treated with a lack of respect for the ingredient (overcooked meat and seafood, oily french fries, undercooked eggs, the list goes on...). I also DO mind spending an outrageous amount of money on said food.
With so many new bars and restaurants popping up in the fishtown/nolibs/kensignton area, it would be insane for me to continue to give money to Jerry's when I can get way better service and food somewhere else.This place is weird. The duck fat fries just taste like okay regular fries. Pierogis are cold and bland. Carrot salad was sour. Our bartender had his head down the entire night so it was really uncomfortable to ask for anything and he forgot our second cocktail. The old fashioned was awesome but not enough to go back considering all of the above.I went to Jerry's bar on the advice of a friend who said that he was there and couldn't decide what to drink, which excited the bartender, because he explained that it allowed him to do his job. On my first visit, I had the burger, which in all its simplistic nature was an AMAZING burger, and then I was introduced to said bartender. 
Christopher is a throwback to what a bartender SHOULD be. A personable man, who isn't intruding, but within an ear shot to offer a drink suggestion, or an opinion on where to travel on your next vacation. You tell him what type of liquor you prefer, and you let him, well, bartend. I told him that I preferred Scotch, and Whiskey on occasion, and then he introduced me to his signature cocktail, the Bourbon Colada. I don't care if you don't like Bourbon, nor Pina Coladas. It is the single greatest cocktail I have ever consumed. So good, that I found myself there the following day seeking one out, only to be disappointed that Christopher wasn't working. Tonight, I found myself paying Jerry's a visit after a late nosh at North 3rd, and I arrived just in time to have a couple BC's whipped up to end my evening on. The bonus to Jerry's is that the bartender isn't pretentious, even though he clearly knows his craft. He also makes the self dubbed "best old-fashioned" in the city, and I'll admit, it's damn close. Just in case you were wondering, the food is pretty damn good as well. The burger as I already spoke of is great, and the fried haddock sandwich on texas toast is PERFECT. My rant is over, but if you want to have a great meal and a great cocktail to pair, then do yourself a favor and visit the best little hideout in No Libs.3.5/5
I was really excited to try Jerry's bar for brunch. However, when it finally happened I was disappointed. I don't know whether it was due to high expectations or it just not being that great. 
To drink I got the bloody Jerry. A decent Bloody Mary with an old bay rim and shrimp on it. Food is where I think it failed. I got the maple spaetzle with root veggies-mediocre at best. My friends didn't seem too impressed with their entrees either. 
I would love to give this establishment another shot. I loved the decor and service, maybe I'll just not go for brunch next time.Came here for an event and was really pleased at the service and the food. The staff were very accommodating and pleasant. The food was served buffet-style due to the amount of people. I'm not typically a fan of buffets, but the food here tasted fresh and delicious. I especially liked the salad with the citrus dressing - so good! The brussels sprouts were also cooked to perfection.
While I didn't have any mixed drinks, my husband said his manhattan was great. A few of the kegs kicked while we were there, but perhaps we just have good taste in beer.
Will definitely go back, as I would love to try their outdoor area (and sushi).Jerry's Bar is a great little spot. We sat at the bar, so I can't speak for the service of the waitstaff, but the bartenders are great and friendly. The place has a great vibe and seemingly higher end finishes. The food we order was normal and there was no particular twist or variation (even if it tasted just fine). The escargot had a great sauce though, so if you go - definitely worth a try.I wanted to adventure outside of my neighborhood for brunch last weekend, and decided on Jerry's Bar. After our trek across the city we walked into Jerry's and parked ourselves at the bar. 
I opted for the yogurt, fruit, and granola and my boyfriend had the egg-white omelet with goat cheese, sweet potato, and brussels sprouts. Both were okay, but not amazing. I can imagine Jerry's is a great neighborhood spot, but don't think I'd trek all the way across the city for another brunch.brunch was AWESSSOOOME! enjoyed all the food we got. would def. go back again. 
outdoor seating area was super cute tooVery good ! Live jazz on sundays and they are one of the only good brunch spots that open at 9! Food is very good.Surroundings are very, very nice. Food is good, not great. My friend was really happy with her mussels and beer, and my French dip roast beef would have made me a lot happier if the roll wasn't sliced open. Each time I tried to take a bite, everything fell out. (Also, the roast beef was more overcooked than I like.) Please, find a crisper roll and don't slice it open! I had the churros for dessert, and they were good if not outstanding.
Service, however, was great. Servers are friendly, sharp and quick on the beverage refills. So good, they bumped up a three-star food experience to four.Had the hummus and falafel plate, and it was fantastic.  Shoestring fries were both burned and soggy with grease.  Every dish was cleared as soon as it was empty, except for the few that were cleared before the diner was finished.  In all fairness, they took the fries off the bill, but the crazy rush vibe on the service felt inappropriate for the overall nice environment.Great, great  and awesome happy hour drinks.  We had oysters, lamb chops, and ahi tuna small plates.  Very fresh and well presented.  Very cool decor and open window seating.  Exposed brick adds to that Northern Liberty feel.   Will def return!!I've been to Jerry's three times now and every time the food is delicious but the staff is always a little off.... they're very friendly, but there's a little-more-than-necessary care-free approach to the meal.First and last time here, I felt like my chicken sandwich tasted like the breast came out of a box of banquet chicken, and my fries were cold, my man said he paid 22 dollars for lobster sauce barely any meat noodles barely cooked if u like al dente might wanna try their stuffed lobster, I'm in the industry and understand shit happens but dude this food was not good. Maybe come during a rush not so ur food is fresh NOT when they first open. Also waited a half hour for our food, yal just opened why so longggg but Good happy hour prices for drinks though!Jerry's has great food, and also a very cool location. The owner collected interesting pieces from all over the city - recycled bricks, windows, etc. - and the effect is a cozy restaurant composed of Philadelphia history.
I've only been to Jerry's for brunch so far. The food is consistently delicious. If your server doesn't tell you about the specials, ask - I always seem to be drawn to their creative and perfectly-executed specials. This pas weekend my mom and aunt were visiting from out of town, so I took them to Jerry's for brunch. They loved their food and really enjoyed the ambiance as well. I had the crab mac n' cheese, and I'm sad that it's a special because it was so good I would get it every time. Then again, maybe it's better that I can't, because now I'm forced to branch out and try something new every time (which has been working for me so far!).The atmosphere is great and the food was even better.  Another Northern Liberties gem!  Pricing is not bad either.Amazing bar with great food and drinks. It is hard to pick a favorite food here I like everything I have ever ordered.
The Sunday brunch is one of the best in the city. 
Get here early for brunch because it is hard to get a seat.Have been reading rave reviews of Jerry's Bar - especially their brunch service. This Sunday we decided to check it out. The atmosphere is very upbeat yet chill at the same time, not too noisy or boomy. The live music is a great touch.
The seating is a bit crammed, especially upstairs. The beer selection was excellent, as were their cocktail offerings. We had the Bloody Buffalo (Bloody Mary with Frank's Hot Sauce, Beef Jerky & Blue Cheese stuffed olives), she had the Irish Coffee - simple & perfect.
We had read about their oysters and decided to check them out. They were meaty and juicy - however - poorly shucked. With each oyster that we tried to slurp down, we had to pick out shards of oyster shell... maybe the new guy was shucking oysters that day?
She ordered the Jerry Benedict and I had the Egg White Omelette with sweet potato, brussels sprouts & goat cheese. Overall, the food was just "ok" at best. Where Jerry's really shines is their service & atmosphere. I would not call this one of the top brunch spots in Philly. Pricing was a bit high as well.What a neighborhood bar should be. Great cocktails and excellent food. Not $2 Bud Lights. Not frozen then fried mozzarella sticks. That's garbage. This is a bar for folks that have not given up and desire quality without pretension.I'm a total fan and will be coming back for more. The Jerry Bloody Mary was a meal on its own....so yummy and spicy with a giant shrimp! 
The coffee had a very delicious and full-bodied flavor. The waitress was from the now closed, Estelle and she remembered us. She was wonderful, knowledgeable and can't wait to return. 
My burger was so juicy, the egg on top was perfectly done and I cannot rave anymore. You must come here for brunch, eventually I will try to make it for dinner. The restaurant looks beautiful, decent street parking, great selection and the live music was a great entertainment.Went here for brunch on a whim while walking around northern liberties.  So glad we found this place!  Beautiful inside and the food was delicious and plentiful.  A little pricey but totally worth it.  Highly recommend and we will be back.Amazing environment with a talented and super friendly bartender!  The chicken and bowties is so delicious and totally worth the trip!  Definitely coming back...Came in for the mussels at first which were surprisingly paired with shoestring fries (and surprisingly delicious albeit a little salty). I also got the soup du jour: potato leek, very good, not too creamy. My boyfriend got the deluxe burger which was undercooked (he said medium well, it was medium rare, i guess. It was a little pink on the inside but don't count my non beef eating opinion). I ended up getting some Mac au gratin (sp?) as well which was a very strong cheese (warning) if you're into that. And the spiced cider was really good, but not to be messed around with. It's serious flavor.Went to the Sunday brunch at Jerry's with a group of friends today.The service and the food left a lot to be desired. After waiting close to an hour for the food to come out, the wait staff seemed really confused. They tried to deliver food ordered by other tables to us on 3 separate occasions and then when our orders finally came out, they had no clue who ordered what. 
I ordered the loaded home fries and about half of the potatoes that made up the home fries were practically raw (to the point where they are inedible) and the the pancakes were burnt. On the bright side, the eggs that I had were perfectly scrambled. The staff was really apologetic and gave us a credit on our bill to make up for the issues. The staff was kind, but seemed overwhelmed. There were no issues with the drinks.  With that said, I would not return here. There are too many issues to overcome, especially given the prices being charged.Went here for brunch with the family. Place looks like a bar, just as the name implies. They do have an adorable outdoor covered section and that is where we sat. I don't remember being blown away by the food. It was good. Standard brunch selection with a few extras. My brother in law got the braised short rib with eggs but it was very greasy and had a lot of fat pieces. He was not a fan. My croque madame sandwich was good, but again, did not blow me away. Our waitress was extremely nice and very accommodating. We made some requests for kids plates and she was very eager to help as well as had some suggestions.Called before we came to try to reserve a table. The host said we didn't need one, they weren't busy. So we immediately walked 2 blocks in the cold to Jerry's and was met with a scowl from the Host when said we just called. She said they just got really busy and that there would be a 15 minute wait. Pshhh. She then offered us to sit at the cocktail tables upstairs. We went up and asked a server where the cocktail tables were and she told us to just sit at table up there, not the cocktail tables. OK!! So we sit, and sit, sit some more. Then finally someone comes and gives us water. Then a server finally helps us by bringing some menus. Not very vegan friendly, I ordered the falafal sandwich, it was ok. The falafals were overcooked and very dry. The bread it was served on was tasty, as was greens. My friend ordered the Egg benedict and hash browns. The portion was ridiculously small and the hash was overcooked/borderline burnt (very dark brown). 
It was supposed to be a Jazz brunch. But it was really one guy playing tunes, that definitely wasn't jazz.
The drinks were uninspired. Disappointing way to start my Sunday. Won't be back.I love jerrys bar! I've been there a few times after work and just this weekend after we were rained out of Morgan's pier. Never disappointed! Their food is awesome and they always have a great beer selection. Their bar staff is always super friendly too. I'd recommend jerrys to anyone!Go eat and drink at Jerry's Bar! My fiance and I just happened to pass by while looking for side street parking. They were serving brunch so I was fully prepared to eat a greasy plate of something, but the first item listed under eggs is the Sweet Potato and Goat Cheese Egg White Omelet. It also has diced brussel sprouts. It was the cleanest egg white omelet I've ever had! Not at all greasy and cooked to perfection. I chose the green salad and toast on the side. The toast was multi-grain and served with butter on the side. All of this was great for me since I'm always dieting, but they have a ton of heavier options too. My fiance had the brunch burger, which is served with bacon and a sunny egg. He loved it! The coffee was also surprisingly good. As good as from any coffee shop. After brunch we tried two of their cocktails. The Son of Hemingway was a bit sweet for me the French Martini was perfect.Jerry's Bar is in a old corner shop in the Northern Liberties section of the city. The space is beautiful with some great architectural salvage detailing. The space can get a bit loud. Love that there are no TVs. Nice list of craft beers and bourbons. We had a full meal that was good but could have been better. Both entrees can out somewhat cool. Like they had been waiting in the kitchen to be brought out for about 10 minutes. Given the slow service, that is a distinct possibility. The chicken and bow ties was otherwise good - sort of like an entree version of chic hen noodle soup. Maybe we just hit it on an off night. This place is obviously capable of better.Out of the ashes of its former super dive bar self, rises Jerry's bar, totally (and thankfully) new and improved (and clean!!!), all ready to go out on the town.  The whole place gives off a very cool vibe.  The interior is a perfect blend of the old and the new, with a gorgeous bar surrounded by subway tile and antique icebox doors, lined with marble counters and tiled floor underneath.  Upstairs houses another bar, (the original, refurbished one) - and a more cozy seating area (perfect for cold winters methinks) - downstairs, huge windows give view onto the corner of the street and lets in all this natural light.
I love the atmosphere, slightly upscale without pretension, but still casual without that sports bar feel.  Right now, is when I love it best, when the patrons are very much local and the whole space isn't quite yet packed.  Once the rest of Philadelphia discovers this little gem, I'll be afraid that its calm clientele will be no more.
They have a very open outdoor courtyard (waiting for approval) ripe to be enjoyed.  Can't wait for that.
Otherwise, service is totally top notch.  Friendly, attentive and knowledgeable - with a staff that's professional but down to earth.  Menu (both bar and food) is varied and interesting and again, upscale enough to differentiate from the rest of the places in my neighborhood.  Food delivers (save for a shirred egg dish that was slightly too liquid-y for my taste) and though I haven't entirely dove through its selections, they look very promising.
Also, Jerry's is an awesome brunch destination (rarely a wait) in a neighborhood that is not short on brunch destinations (or long wait times), I almost don't want to tell you!  Perfect add-on to this neighborhood - a place of this caliber was very, very much needed. Hooray!Service? Lacking. Food? Skip it.  Drinks? Make sure you bring your wallet and don't order a "tailspin" unless you have a hankerin' for a glass of vermouth and a drop of gin.  All in all, I've been here twice and can't say I'd recommend it for anything other than a drink.  The atmosphere is very cool, and the location is great.  Those are the good parts.  But if you would like to eat, and be served, go elsewhere.  The first time I went was with my dad.  We sat down (downstairs), skipped drinks and just asked for water and read the menus.  Apparently we looked like super slow readers.....because the server decided to return about a half hour later and ask if everything was "OK" here.  Well the water was delicious however we did desire food, so I guess it wasn't. We ordered our food and never saw our server again until we had to ask for the check.  Food was fine - nothing to write home about, but not bad.  Plus side was the heaping pile of fries which came with one of the dishes, however the food was rather pricey for what we got.  No refills on water allowed!  Despite our thirst through the meal, we sucked on leftover ice cubes - no servers or runners in sight.  Water is a commodity in northern liberties, I suppose.  It wasn't busy, there was a particularly bad snow storm so there were only about 5 tables in the dining area and about three servers. We left, not satisfied, but not overly dissatisfied.  So, when I had occasion to go out with some friends, I recommended this place because the nice atmosphere.  Shame on me. 
The next time I went, there were 9 of us, and we made a reservation.  We got there on time, and were untimely brought to our table (not quite sure what that hostess was doing....but it clearly wasn't just hosting).  We ordered a round of drinks (most of which we considered sending back) and started reviewing the menu.  PRO TIP:  Gluten free? Vegetarian? Eat at home. There's nothing for you here they don't like your kind.  Anyhow, in our server's defense, she was working almost 15 tables upstairs......but she never really felt the need to check on us.  In fact, after our drinks sat empty for quite some time (and what felt like an eternity) I literally had to get up, and ask her to come over.  Which she took her sweet time doing.  So our group only ordered two rounds of drinks - could have and would have ordered more, had we had a server who actually gave two S's about us.  Lets talk food.  trio of dips were fine - not stellar, not large, not worth the price, but fine.  Then the entrees came.....I had ordered a smoked trout salad.  Which was apparently portioned out for a starving third world country and left me so hungry I had to order a side of fries to combat my own starvation.  Why order a salad, you ask?  Well, I'm gluten free and there's not a whole lot of other choices.  Others were similarly apathetic to the food.  Was anything so bad we had to send it back? No.  Was anything good? Not really.  I mean unless you count the brussels sprout side my friend ordered as an entree because she's strict vegetarian (hold the ham).  We again had to flag someone down to get the check, and left quite disappointed with the experience.  In search of the nearest fast food establishment for some real nourishment.
It's a poor management decision to leave one server in charge of over 15 tables on a busy Saturday night. My only guess is the owners hired their friends who have no experience in the service industry or the servers just don't care. Whatever the case may be, don't come here expecting good service. Or any at all for that matter.Excellent Food. Amazing service. Highly recommended. 
I had the short rib, kale and cheddar omelette. It was cooked perfectly. Extremely flavorful and the ideal portion size. 
The waitstaff was very attentive. Water glasses were always full and we didn't have to flag down our waitress to ask for refills on the coffee.Planned to start my weekend birthday celebration with a happy hour visit to Jerry's...Looking forward to the their grerat beer selection..Very disappointed...Of the 12 beers on tap, 7 were "OUT" (for the nite, with delivery expected tomorrow)..Inexcuseable... Bartender was very professional and the place was cool...But if you bill yourself as a special 'beer spot' it really does help if you have special beer...I've had Jerry's Bar on my bookmark list for a long time.  It was recommended to me by several friends!  I finally made a trip up to NoLibs over the weekend to hit Jerry's Bar on a Saturday night.  I was pleasantly surprised upon walking in, such a warm inviting atmosphere of a cool gastropub.  The bar seats were all taken, so we were seated at a table near the bar.  There's also an entire patio out back, with tons of outside seating that is enclosed inside a patio with cool lighting and a second bar.  That was impressive!
The food was amazing.  We originally came for drinks, but after seeing the glorious options on the food menu, we quickly changed our minds.  We ordered:
1. Trio of Dips - really good! Fresh feta, pickled cucumbers, hummus, red pepper hummus, olives, beets, and a delicious tzatziki.
2.  French Dip - a HUGE sandwich overflowing with meat and cheese. This was so delicious, especially when dipping in the au jus. 
3.  Gnocchi - with goat cheese and sweet potatoes, this was also amazingly delicious! 
4.  Cream cheese doughnuts for dessert was good, and the chocolate dipping sauce made it even better. 
The drinks were also really good!  We had several vodka cocktails with creative mixers that were specialties on the menu.  We also tried a champagne drink and a gin drink from the menu.  For once, I didn't order beer, since the drink menu seemed more interesting than their current beer selections.  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because a combo of a few small, relatively unimportant things:  cocktails were steep at $10 each,  one bathroom stall could cause problems on a busy night, our waiter didn't seem very thrilled to be there, although it didn't seem to bother us too much because he was still quick.  Overall, fantastic bar!  Highly recommended.Awesome local craft bar. Off the beaten pathMy friends and I visited this establishment for brunch because it came up as one of the top 10 best brunch spots in Philly. Three of us went and only one of us would return. My friend is a huge fan of Prince and purchased their "Purple Rain" drink and it tasted like Purple bubble bath. The music was great and so was the customer service but the food was below average in my opinion.We showed up on a Sunday morning for breakfast at 9 am right when it opened. 
Jerry's is a small corner bar that serves, by surprise, magnificent food. It has outdoor seating right on the road overlooking an antique car used as a billboard for the bar. 
We started with drinks. My wife had a prosecco and I had the buffalo bloody mary. Hand stuffed olives and jerky were the garnish. Nice touch. 
We then had the salmon, avocado, cream cheese, and caper flat bread which was outstanding. 
My wife had a veggie soy scrabble. It was actually good for no meat.
I finished my meal with the philadelphia cheesstake omelette with fried onions and peppers.  As close to a cheese steak as possible you could have without actually eating a real one. 
Great brunch.I recently held a private event at Jerry's Bar and wanted to sing the praises of such an amazing crew of people. We rented out the upstairs room (for a very reasonable price) and had Jerry's do some butlered appetizers and a buffet dinner. It was a casual party, but the quality of the food was so amazing it felt like a fancy affair. Jerry's chef, Marshall, made us two different kinds of sliders, beef and lamb (both amazing), and if you've never had a gougere (aka popover), those were amazing too. The buffet included salad, the Pork Milanese, their current gnocchi dish, and two different kinds of vegetables. All were phenomenal. 
And while the food was great, the service was even better. Everyone working our party was helpful, friendly and organized. From Christie, who is a fantastic planner and helped me pick the menu and made other great suggestions regarding event planning (timing, set up, decorations, etc), to Regina, our fabulous bartender, and of course Nabia and Jillian, who worked hard all night to make sure everyone was happy and well fed. 
Lastly, I didn't think of it or ask for it, but I saw Jillian running around the party with a camera making sure to get some photos for us. Talk about a great touch, 
Jerry's is a great spot to have dinner or drinks, of course. That goes without saying. But the way this crew pulled off the party, I'd have another event there in a second. Happy to be a reference to anyone!We came to Jerry's before a show at Punch Line. Instead of doing two entrees we tried a few of the small plates, which was more than enough food. We had the Pierogis which were fantastic. The charbroiled oysters were decent but my bf was comparing them to some he just had in Nawlins and they didn't quite live up that experience(totally unfair comparison). The lamb chops were also good, the waitress warned us beforehand that they were on the med. rare side, which I was excited about, but in actuality they were done med. well, kinda disappointing but they were good nonetheless. The Red Snapper tacos were delicious! We also tried the mussels and the highlight of that dish were the tomatoes. The service was ok, the waitress only mentioned the specials when I asked and we also had to ask for a fresh set of plates after our first couple dishes. Overall a good experience.Just back from brunch in Jerry's. Love love love the space. ESP love the outside courtyard. Bloody Mary's were delicious, the live jazz added nicely to the atmosphere. Food, overall, was ok. There's definitely room for improvement which hopefully will happen as they were all minor things. Service was super slow but they were ram packed and apologetic for the wait that quite a few people had. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars however i would go back. Maybe next time for dinner.This place looked really nice and sounded promising. The hostess Sohro (sp?) was very nice. The menu had a lot of interesting items, however, although nice and polite, the server (different from the hostess) did a mediocre job. I used to be a server, and one thing I was taught was to suggest items on the menu, especially if the menu is unusual, or if the restaurant did not have a specific item. The server did neither of these things. I didn't mind that this bar didn't serve Bloody Mary's, but it would have been nice to hear, "oh but try the x, it's great!" Or, "if you like spice, try x." Instead, I got "cocktails are on the front page." When I was a server, we had a special on crab legs, but we ran out. One particular guest was bummed about it, but my fellow server recommended a fish filet sandwich (actually a good sandwich) and even if the customer wasn't completely happy, at least they knew that their server wanted them to be. 
A server at a pricey place should not just be someone who brings food to your table. A server at a place this unusual and artistic should be presenting the uniqueness of the food to the customer with recommendations. Also, this place was not crowded, and when I ordered my drink mid-meal, she placed it on the edge of the table and walked away. There was enough space to actually place the drink in front of the customer, instead of having the fellow guests put down their burgers, wipe their hands, and then pass the glass down the table.
On the plus, the food was great and the drinks were too. That's why this place needs servers who care about promoting their chef's creations.Great place especially for brunch! I had been here 3 times for brunch and loved the atmosphere (live jazz on Sundays) and the food so much that I inquired about having my birthday party here in their upstairs private space. The brother & sister owners and their staff were so helpful and excited about assisting me with the planning, etc and even welcomed me to make my own Spotify playlist that would play just in my private space and even include my favorite quizzo guy in the evening's festivities. All of my guests were impressed with the space, food  layout, private bar and the friendliness of the entire Jerry's Bar staff. The only slight bummer was that midway through our game of quizzo, we were told that customers downstairs were complaining about our victory cheers so we had to turn off the mic which made it difficult to hear our quizzo MC. But I'll be back...maybe even have another party there too!Went for brunch 5 friends , we all ordered drinks and expected great service of course . Drinks come ( 2 bloods Mary's , Irish coffee , and a Mimosa. Every single drink was spilled on me , management was never called . The only reason management knew was because I ran her down . When I told her , she said brunch was on her . What's happen? $14 comp . I complain and she comes back with " I comped $50 which I feel was more than enough . Not mentioning how much my boots cost .. that were ruined . I'd never recommend eating at a place with management who thinks so little of clientsThis is a decent brunch place. A little pricey but nice decor. I got a spiked coffee and the Eggs Jerry (Benedict with smoked salmon on a latke). The cocktail was good but the food was a little lack luster in flavor, so that was a bit disappointing. I had been here before and remember that I had liked it but after going back again I am questioning another return visit.Amazing cute little bar in N. Liberties! Our waitress Alex was very attentive and cute. We had a fantastic time. I love the vibe and outdoor seating. I had an awesome time with my girls! I would definitely come back.A group of us ventured out for some food at Jerry's bar, highly recommended by someone in our group. Music was a bit loud, but that seriously is my only complaint. Food, awesome. Service, incredible. Decor, hipster fun. 
My friend and I split the pork sausage & spatzle (favorite), pierogies (perfectly crisp on the outside and the damn caramelized onions were delish), falafel salad & brussel sprouts. Loved every dish! The other guys and gal got burgers & fries and another order of pierogies. For a cocktail, I went with the Lost in Thyme (wow!) and he got the Hot Cider.
So much more on the menu I can't wait to try. Great neighborhood as well.Wow. All i can say is wow. This place is probably one of the best places to eat/chill/relax/chillreat in not only Northern Liberties, but the city altogether. Opening only a little over a month before the writing of this review, it has not failed to be a great experience through and through every time I have gone.
Jerrys only opens for brunch on Saturdays and Sundays at 10am, with Sunday being the Jazz Brunch, with a little jazz ensemble playing some smooth tunes in the background. Otherwise during the week the bar opens at 4pm and restaurant officially opens at 5, but they will serve you no matter when you come in. Even if they decide not to, just relaxing in the clean, airy, rustic, and overall comfortable environment is a treat in and of itself. 
Now to the food. Every meal I have had here has be absolutely perfect. I say that with no reservations. I can think of nothing that disappointed me about the food here. Ordering the chicken and bow-ties is probably the best decision i have made in my life. It takes about 20 min to prepare since it is made to order, but trust me it was worth every second of the wait. The chicken and its skin were cooked to juicy, crispy perfection. The accompanying broth, bow-tie pasta, and shaved thigh meat were the dolby speakers to the chicken's 4K TV. Glorious. For brunch, I ordered the buttermilk pancakes. The fluffy pillows of goodness had perfect hints of vanilla and cinnamon baked right in. With liberal amounts of the accompanying warm syrup slathered on you have the most delicious American breakfast in front of you. The jazz in the background was the icing on the cake.
Jerrys Bar is my go to place in Northern Liberties. They got it right straight from the beginning and are showing no signs of slowing down. I have been pleasantly surprised every time i have gone and you will to. What are you waiting for. GET HERE!!!Poor customer service. Waited for an hour only to be told that it would be almost another hour before our food would be served. We were sitting at the bar and even the bartender was not personable. Almost regret tipping her 30%. Lesson learned. Don't come in on a busy Sunday because their kitchen can't handle the volume.the food is awful and the service is awful too. We are 2 asian women walking in but they just stood there chatting among themselves without acknowledge their customers (us). and then the burgers we got were sad and dried.I've been here three times since moving to northern liberties (spring 2017), and this place has never failed me. I had the same waitress every time I came. She's attentive, knowledgeable of the menu items, and has a good sense of humor. The food is phenomenal here. The first time I came with a group of about 7, and we ordered one of everything on the menu- it was delicious! The cocktails are great as well. I will absolutely be returning with more family and friends here. Yum!Ambient music was good, but a tad too loud.  
Bartender was a bit terse & could crack a smile & lighten up.  The decor was a warm brown wood with white tile.  Young mostly unresponsive staff.  
Confusing bathroom sign in a separate area to the left of the walled area opposite of where the bathrooms are located.
Excellent burger on brioche roll & Bibb lettuce for $5 at happy hour.  
Mostly a hipster 20-something crowd - pity, the place has potential.   
Strange that a male police officer on duty pulled up in a marked police car, signed a book, & then transported a female with a manila envelope in the passenger seat of his cruiser.Unfortunately I felt as though the ambiance and service at Jerry's Bar was better than the food. Does that mean that what I ate was bad? No, but it wasn't spectacular.
My husband and I went here because we were craving soup. We both ended up getting the French onion soup, though the soup of the day was clam chowder and I almost had a last-minute change of heart. The soup was good and I'd say that it was the highlight of my meal.
We also ordered the mussels and they were gigantic. Honestly I think they were the biggest mussels I've ever eaten. I loved the shoestring fries that came on top as well as the dip that came with them, but I just didn't really like the broth that the mussels were in. It was very tangy and strong, made primarily from mustard and beer. The dish was OK but just a bit too much for my taste.
To end our meal we got the meatballs and brussels sprouts with pancetta. The sprouts were good, but *very* oily. The meatballs were also good, but nothing I couldn't have made at home.
Overall this place was OK, but I could really take it or leave it. Our server, Angela, was quite nice and very good, though.Jerry's is my favorite bar in Philly, and by far the most beautiful.  The drinks are amazing; I especially love the JB Manhattan.  It's a little sweeter then a regular Manhattan.Jerry's was a truly warm and wonderful place where we hosted some out-of-town guests on the Friday of our wedding weekend.  Corresponded with Mary Ann who was willing to even host our wedding party there; but when we decided to move in a different direction we the venue, we wanted to gather for drinks at Jerry's.  We called them the day of and they sectioned off the upstairs for us, allocated a great bartender, and let us have our run of the space.  Extremely accommodating and neighborly.  The drinks were consistently good, from good draughts to mixed drinks, and it was the perfect venue.  Many of our guests loved the cozy, neighborhoody vibe, and pledged to return. Nice people, great flexibility.I am currently on a mission to get ma' brunch on at all the best rated brunch spots in the city. I had a pretty good brunch here on saturday.. The menu is small, but the food was good.  Im totally about it if they do what they do, well.  I didn't drink but that bloody mary with the shrimp looked great.We had a really a bad experience at Jerry's Bar.  We were overcharged for our drinks.  They added two glasses of wine that we did not have and refused to remove the false charges.   Up to that point the food was good but service was very slow.  We had to wait long periods to get our food and drinks and we also received another table's check.  Also never received the ordered dessert.   All of these things could be overlooked but to try and charge us for drinks that we did not have???  C'mon.  Too many good restaurants to choose from to suffer this type of treatment.   We will not be back!I go out to eat at least 5 times a week and was blown away by this place. My favorite find in 2013! 
Positives:
Food was outstanding, service was impeccable, decor was warm and inviting, shrimp in my Bloody Mary for brunch!, even the bathrooms were great- clean and decorated nicely. 
Negatives: none.Great atmosphere in a hip neighborhood. I was a little disappointed not to be able to eat outside however the  ambience inside more than made up for it.  Our waiter was informative and efficient.  Oysters the half were fresh and delicious.  The hummus plate had plenty of cucumbers, pita and pickles.  Poutine was delicious.  Small plates made our meal affordable and fun.  I will definitely be back.  The only negative is the noise level which was very loud but hey, it's a bar, what do you expect.  The people watching is fun too.  Give Jerry's Bar a shot.  It's worthwhile.The place is very nice, great service and great food. Drinks are a little pricey but worth it for what you get with the food. Very nice inside too, with great service. I would recommend the bacon scallops!Since our first meal out upon moving into the city almost a year and a half ago until tonight, Jerry's has been one of our favorite local hangouts and go-to dinner places, and we've recommended them countless times to friends and visitors. And the Jerry's Burger has been my go-to meal; always and dependably cooked to order, tender and juicy. 
Look, I'm definitely not that guy that bitches about some minor imperfections, but tonight my burger came out badly overcooked (medium rare is what I asked for) and clearly overworked and dense. After I sent it back (and our server, Cate, was very apologetic), it took a surprisingly long time to come back and was no better at all (still well done and very dense and overworked). I did point out out again but chose to eat it, rather than making my dinner companions wait for attempt #3 (and it was taken off the bill). 
Personally, I think of burgers as a sort of canary in a coal mine for restaurants... if you can't get this right, especially with two tries, it's worrisome. I hear that there is a new chef that just took over... let's hope it's just a momentary glitch.I'm only giving two stars because the hummus was decent but other than that, not a good experience.  Drinks took forever.  I mean, we are talking 20 minutes here. Then, our mussels were fishy.  Now, I get it, it's seafood, it should smell fishy, but not this fishy sooo that was a no go.  Between the service and the food, it's with my deepest regrets we shalt not be returning.Man, I miss what this bar used to be. Used to come here and drink Hill Farmstead, Carton, Bell's, Half Acre, etc. Always had a good happy hour and a couple of their bartenders were very knowledge about beers and food, but over the past year or so it's just gone so far down hill here. The beer list is boring, the food is overpriced and all the servers do is stand in the corner and talk to each other. It's never busy and the brunch is just OK.
I used to come here all the time, but after my last visit I think I'm done. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. There nothing special about it.I was not pleased with my food. On the menu was "2eggs any style" I wanted 2 boiled eggs. The waitress said,"we can do it like that". I said, "do you have a pot, water and a stove?"  She said, "yes but we don't serve boiled eggs". If they don't serve boiled the eggs then they should not have egg any way you like it on the menu. I order a side of eggs over easy and a side turkey sausage. It was not worth the $10 I had to pay. My friend ordered pancakes for her 6 yr old son and the waitress bought out this huge stuffed pancake. That pancake was not kid friendly.  The waitress knew it was for the kid and I think she should have gave some input on how the pancake was made. So we sent the stuffed pancake back and requested plain pancakes for the kid. They do not have a kids menu. The waitress wasn't to friendly and not too accommodating. I will try Jerry's again but not for brunch.I'm sitting at the bar for brunch right now: 10:40 AM November 3rd 2013. I asked for coffee. They gave me a menu. Ten minutes ago. The guy who I asked is non stop talking to two people at the other end of the bar for those ten minutes. Took a new person to help me. SHE is nice she rates five stars. Problem is this other guy is one star weighed as five giving today's experience so far two stars. We shall see how the rest of the day goes.I recently went to Jerry's Bar for brunch. We sat outside on a Saturday morning. I got a crab omelette with a carafe of mimosas of course! The service was great and the neighborhood is perfect for outside seating. We ended up staying a lot longer than planned. I will be back!Great experience at Jerry's bar. We had the place to ourselves for most of the time and then more and more people started filing in. 
They have great deals throughout the week!
Happy hours are Monday through Friday 5-7  and Sunday night from 8-10. 
Mug Monday - every Monday all draft beers are $3 from 7-11
Taco Tuesday- $2 tacos
Chicken and waffle Wednesday- fried chicken and waffle are $10
Bottles & boards- Wednesday's, bottle of wine and cheese boards for $35
Live music - every Friday they have live music from 5:30-8:30 and live jazz every Sunday brunch 
We wanted to stay and linger a while so we decided to share some appetizers and then order dinner after we received our appetizer just to make everything take a little longer. 
Highly recommend the zucchini and squash friesHands down one of my favorite brunch spots... personal preference aside, the food is great. Highly recommend the "Brunch Burger" with cheddar (your choice of cheese). One of, if not THE best burger I've had in Philly after being here for ~5 years. The food, service, and overall ambience set Jerry's apart from the many bunch options in the area.We have been here once for dinner, once for brunch - had good experiences both times!
Dinner: wings were decent, nothing special but good. The burger was unbelievable! I would go back specifically for that burger any day. It rivals Village Whiskey but is a little smaller so you don't feel like death after eating it. Decent beer list too!
Brunch: amazing! Bloody buffalo is a delicious Bloody Mary with beef jerky, blue cheese stuffed olives, and great spice to it (I also had the Bloody Jerry which wasn't quite as good). I had an egg white omelet with goat cheese, sweet potato and Brussels sprouts which was really really good. Our entire group enjoyed everything they had!
We brought our 8 month old both times - easy spot with a baby, and noise level is good enough that if she was babbling a little louder it wasn't bothering other people.
Definitely recommend!Really love the style of this place - feels local, relaxed, stylish. Food is amazing. I don't even know how to explain the deliciousness of the brussel sprouts & pancetta. Tonight was my first dinner experience, I have been there before for brunch and drinks/nosh.  
I was a little disappointed over the moscow mule that I ordered, but it wasn't a fatal flaw by any means. There were plenty of other choices readily available for round 2 of drinks.
Tried to engage the server but didn't feel I was successful - she was fine but overall i was underwhelmed by her service. It wasn't busy by any means so I would have expected better there, but I say this in all fairness that I myself am a server and my expectations are higher as a result.  It's really the only criticism I have, and it would never stop me from returning over and over. The food, drink and decor totally make it worthwhile.Finally made it here after reading all the great reviews on yelp. We will most certainly be back again soon. The drink menu was fantastic. I highly recommend the Golden Ticket. We ordered a bunch of different food including French onion soup, trios of dips, salad, mussels, burger, and falafel. Everything was delicious. I was too stuffed for dessert, but that sounded great too. 
We were in on a weeknight and the bar was pretty crowded. There was plenty of seating in the back for dinner though. The atmosphere was welcoming and our waitress was really nice. We can't wait to come back for brunch.We had dinner at Jerry's Friday night - a great experience start to finish. The space is beautiful, with exposed brick, glass and historical tile throughout. A nice balance of old and new. Our waitress was patient - one member of our group was late - and enthusiastic, sharing her thoughts about the drink specials, which were creative. Try the Peachy Keen, with bourbon, peach schnapps and mint! Apps and entrees were all consistently good. When it came time to order dessert, the waitress apologetically revealed that they were completely out. Then she went to speak to the chef, who whipped up some butter cookies with whipped cream and blackberries, on the house with la Colombe coffee! So good, and so generous of the chef to do that. Thank you, Jerry's Bar!! We will be back soon.As diehard fans of the former Cafe Estelle, my friends and I had Jerry's Bar on our radar after it came out on the Philly restaurant newsfeed. We finally made the journey to NoLibs for brunch and were completely pleased by the experience.
Jerry's Bar has a live jazz band and a second floor to people-watch, which was where we ended up. It was really cozy to be the only table up at the top; it was also wonderful that we could listen to great music without having to shout for a good conversation.
The scrambled eggs and gravlax were a special at the old establishment, so I was hugely pleased to see that they'd made it to the main brunch menu at Jerry's. The eggs were gently but perfectly cooked and the pickled veg was a great compliment to the dish.
The Bloody Jerry (a Bloody Mary with an Old Bay rim and a shrimp garnish) was out of this world. I wished I'd ordered my own, but had to settle for sneaking sips out of my friends' drinks and nursing my awesome cup of coffee.
Jerry's Bar has proven that it deserves all the rave reviews that it has been receiving, and I can't wait to come back in the near future for more awesome food and some of their inventive cocktails.Brunch menu was great...I had the eggs Benny and it was very delicious. Bloody Mary's were okay and I switched to pleasant lavender Vodka cocktail which made my brunch experience delightful. Service could have been better though, waitress didn't seem to be concerned if we needed anything or even asked how the food was.Let me start out by saying I really wanted to like this place! I was down visiting from NYC, but used to live in Fishtown in 2014 and had always wanted to check it out--I'd walked by a few times in the past and it always looked really cute and cool inside.  So, when I was visiting my sister in Philly and wanted to take her out for a belated birthday dinner, I immediately thought of it--I suggested we try it, made reservations, and we came on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately, the experience was not good!
We wanted to share something, and the Steak Frites dinner for two looked really good--since it was marked "market price" on the menu, we asked how much it was and were told $70.  Perhaps seeing the look of momentary sticker shock on our faces, our server said to "think of it as being two individual $35 meals combined together," so we thought there'd be a lot left to take home.  As I'd asked what cut of meat it was and was told a Ribeye, I figured we'd at least get a lot of good meat, and that the two sides plus frites that it came with would justify the price.  So, we went with it and got some drinks.  It was here that things started to go south.
The glass of wine and vodka martini we ordered took about 20 minutes to come out, which was a little inexplicable because the place wasn't busy (we were sitting right by the bar, so I could see this).  Our server apologized.  Then I asked for some bread because we were pretty hungry--she forgot about it and it wasn't until around another 20 minutes later when I saw her next that I was able to remind her.  Next, from the time we ordered our plate until the time it came out was approximately 45 minutes.  I actually think it was an hour, but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.  Our server came by and apologized a few times, but really offered no explanation as to what was going on; other than to say that it should be out soon.  Were they doing a fresh kill for us? Had they run out of beef and were they getting it from a store? I really had no idea.
At this point, I should say that I was heading back up to NYC that night at 9:30 pm and that our reservation was at 7:15--more than enough time, one would think, to get dinner and get over to 30th St Station in time.  Hold this thought for a second.  So, our steak dinner finally came out around 8:30 or 8:40 and the presentation was really nice--it came with the two sides and the steak on a wood cutting board with a lot of fries on top.  All in all, it looked like a decent amount of food--FOR ONE PERSON.  Once we pushed the fries off from on top of the steak, we were able to see that our "Steak Frites dinner for two" consisted of about seven or eight sliced pieces of steak.  With the two sides and frites, this looks about like what I get in a steakhouse for myself! To boot, in their slicing activities they'd seen fit to include two or three pieces that were just about completely all fat and gristle.  Now, I love steak and love the fat, but we were basically left with about six slices of steak, two sides, and frites: FOR $70.  Not " two individual $35 meals combined together," as our server had said--unless a steak dinner for one at this place for $35 consists of four slices of steak, one side, and some fries.
Unfortunately, due to my need to get to the train station soon (seeing as how our food had taken so long to come out), the fact that I was ravenously hungry by this point, and being that this was meant to be my sister's birthday dinner, I didn't say anything to our waitress about any of this, as I simply no longer had any time for anything to be done about this.  I also didn't want to mar the occasion.  So, in their defense, they had no opportunity to correct anything.  I'm also not wont to complain about things like this, which you can see from my previous reviews.  The meat that we did get was tasty, cooked perfect, and the two sides were good, though.  But, given our overall experience, I cannot give this place more than one star.  It's a shame, because I liked the atmosphere, decor, and music, and really wanted to like this place.
Maybe we came on an off night or maybe we just got the wrong dish, but, if the management or the chef reads this, charging $70 for that dish is just highway robbery.  You should either drastically cut the price or give more meat and/or sides to justify the price.Don't let the size of the Breakfast Burger fool you, its a lotta meal.
This place is very cozy. The atmosphere is awesome. Huge wooden doors behind the bar that serve the beer taps. Exposed brick walls. Its awesome. 
All in all, the place is great for a quick brunch. Its a little pricey, but its worth it. The drinks are tasty and different (don julio anejo and OJ??).
Go here if you worked a bit of over time this week and have some cash to blow.Happy hour. Pleasant experience. Bar tender was very nice and also confident in mixology.
Started my meal with oysters (6), they were delicious! Nice and fresh. I felt compelled to try two more things even though I knew it would be too much food. I ordered the French Onion soup. It was very good I enjoyed the tasty broth. Next course was the rock shrimp. It was a healthy portion on the small plates menu. The shrimp were very tasty and presented well. The only thing negative about the shrimp was that it was a little greasy. 
Overall decor, cleanliness and ambience was up to good standards. I enjoyed dining here and I look forward to coming back.Excellent service from the bartender Brian! 
His strawberry sangria is absolutely AMAZING. 
Overall, this is a nice little spot to grab a quick dinner and a couple drinks. It has a dark, intimate, cozy feel that is perfect if you are looking for a lowkey kinda place. Only issue I had is that when I first came in with my party, the hostess Alex (she has short red hair) asked us where we want to sit. We told her that we would like to be seated at a table. Instead of seating us in one of the empty tables in the main room, she takes us all the way to a completely separate room of the bar where no one was. I thought it was a little weird that she bypassed all of the available tables to seat us in the back. We were not a large party (only 2 of us). We later asked our waitress to be seated at the main room. I decided to observe Alex to see if she was seating other guests in the back, and she wasn't. All of the other patrons she seated in the main room. Can't help but wonder why she deliberately chose to seat us in the back. Not sure if it was racially motivated since we were black customers. All of the other customers were white. Very off putting .I loved Jerry's! The cocktails are amazing, and so was all the food. I loved the gnocchi and the butternut squash soup. The atmosphere was awesome for a small birthday gathering, the food came out quickly, and the menu is just solid. Definitely check it out.We went here for the first time last weekend.  Since our friends were running behind we chose to sit at the bar and have a nice cocktail.  The female bartender was pretty BLAH.........she seemed to be having a bad day.  Always bring your A game when bar tending...........our friends did arrive and we sat at a table.  Our waitress did a great job suggesting certain things on the menu.  She did an outstanding job.  We had burgers and I asked for a burger with a different topping then listed.  She made it happen.  Good experience overall.Disclaimer: I never actually got to eat here, this is just related to service
My brother and his wife live in the area and were so excited that I could join them here for brunch while I was in town.  We came in on a Sunday at around 1:15pm and there was a wait.  We put our names in with the hostess and were told there was a 25-30 min wait but we would be texted when our table was ready.  As we were waiting outside we noticed that most of the tables outside were set but empty and the same was true for the atrium area as well.  We figured they might be short staffed.
After waiting about 20 min, a group of 5 who was ahead of us was seated.  About 5 min later they all came back out of the restaurant in a huff saying that they were told that the wait for food would be over an hour.  The next group in front of us left then as well.  The hostess then came out and told us that our wait was going to be an additional hour on top of the half hour we had already been waiting.  Upon being told this we decided to try somewhere else.
There seemed to be some major staffing and communication issues that need to be sorted out here.  If your kitchen is behind or you're short staffed then be upfront with those guests who are waiting instead of pretending everything is fine.Decent neighborhood bar with a solid brunch.  Can't give it 4 stars because they don't give you real maple syrup.  I've eaten here a couple of times, and the food's consistent enough to go back. The semi-outdoor seating area's great, but I've had temperature regulation issues- mostly being too hot.  Still, it's a nice change of pace from the brunch only spots in nolibs, and I've never had to wait for a table.I am so sad about writing this review, Jerry's was one of my favorite brunch spots, now I'm seriously bummed out. I've been going there for brunch for a while and it's been good. We went there for dinner a few weeks back with a party of 8, the waitress kept forgetting about us, drinks, food, bill, the works-but we were a big party so I brushed it off. 
We went for brunch today, they told us it would be a 25 minute wait- no big deal. 45 minutes later I asked the host what was happening, she apologized and said we had the table that was leaving and she would set it up. 10 minutes later she seats another table there. The host then said there was a mix up, no 'we messed up' just it was a mix up- we got seated eventually 90 minutes later! Our waitress knew we had waited that long, nothing was comped on the bill. The food then took another 90 minutes , it was great food, it always is. The bill process then took 30 minutes, our waitress was just talking downstairs when we eventually went and found her to ask what was happening to our bill. At no point did the staff at Jerry's offer anything on the house to apologize for how long we waited, our brunch took 3 hours and not in a good way! 
The food is great, the chef does an excellent job. Sadly I will never be going back, this regular is finding a new spot, and so are my friends.Be it a straight up draft or perfectly mixed cocktail the bartenders here know what they're doing.   Step in through the cozy doors,  pull a stool against the marble top bar and ask for your favorite pour. .. you'll be amazed.   Jerrys is always a perfect end to a  debacle filled night in no libs and while some may be dismayed by the pin ups on the wall,  enjoy the step back into 1940s fashioned drinks.Fantastic local neighborhood hang-out.  Amazing interior - superb cocktails and dining.  Love the outdoor patio and upstairs which includes the famous old "Jerrys Bar".   Owner is also a local and the staff is always super friendly and courteous.  Great for happy hour too which I am there often.   Definitely check it out if you have not been as of yet.So-so at best. 
Parking was an act of mercy not knowing where is allowed (legal) and where that you'd  end up on Parking Wars to get your car out of impound. Service was very slow for both drinks & food. Our server was far out...in left field. Fries were great! My wife's kale salad looked great. Very cool interior and bar/courtyard area. 50/50 as to going back.I love this place but the customer services is a bit slow even when they aren't busy. I always come back though because the food is sooo good.Jerry's helped me plan a surprise baby shower for my sister. I was planning this all from the Midwest, so I really took a shot in the dark when I picked Jerry's. What a lucky choice this was!
The restaurant itself is beautiful. I agree with other reviewers that mentioned the rich texture, etc. Just a very comfortable atmosphere. You get the feeling of a neighborhood bar, but it's anything but a dive.
I am typically not a fan of catered food. I usually find it dry, bland and disgusting. Jerry's was the opposite. We had brunch at the shower (french toast, BACON, etc.) & it was delicious. I am anxious to come back next time I am in the area to try regular service.
The staff was extremely attentive & helped me pull this off without a hitch. They didn't even complain when we showed up really early to decorate. I honestly couldn't have asked for more from the staff. I would recommend Jerry's to anyone looking to throw a fantastic private party.I came here for a dinner party in celebration of my friends friends friend 50th bday party. The food was pretty good, nice ambiance, really cozy upstairs perfect for a small get together. Happy I stumbled on this placeSwanky atmosphere, awesome food, great beer list, & superb cocktails! If you're a Northern Libertarian/No Libber, it's a wonderful spot to frequent!Nice looking restaurant, food is mediocre. Frittata was bland. Salad is just arugula with no veggies.Ordered the chicken and bowties. I would like to say it was more chicken than bow ties but sadly there were hardly any of either. This full size entree contained an appetizer portion of chicken and five yes five pieces of bow tie pasta. Further,for an off the beaten path pub it was pricey and lacked a lot of selection. Server was friendly and atmosphere was ok but waited seemingly forever for food to get out of the kitchen. Thank goodness for the good company.Had a so-so experience here doing brunch for a big group. They gave us a "private room" on the second floor and advised us to order family style to make things run more smoothly. The service was pretty terrible, unfortunately (though the event planner, Christie, was so so nice and clearly felt very bad for our sub-par experience).  The drinks took forever and were delivered sporatically, the food even longer. We ordered the food in advance and they forget to bring many of the things we ordered, but still charged us for them (not after we brought it to our attention though). The quality of both the food and drinks was pretty good, but the service was so frustrating I can't recommend going here.Gotta keep the great reviews rolling.  Ate here last night with my girlfriend after a friend recommended it.  And having tried what felt like every bar/restaurant in the immediate piazza area we decided to give this one a try.  It's located on the corner of Laurel surrounded by houses and apartments.  The interior is beautiful!  With dark wood, marble and antique accents that ooze character.  The service was immediate.  We got the trio of dips which was a delicious way to start the meal.   Although the two beers I wanted were tapped they had a great backup(good save!).  Our waitress came by after we finished our apps to wipe the table down and reset the silver(super classy).  We got the french dip and the Falafel.  Of course I woofed down the dip which was delicious with melted gruyere and savory jus.  My girlfriends falafel was enormous!  Served on warm pita with crisp lettuce, onion and creamy tzatziki sauce.  The falafel alone was great, crunchy outside with moist inside.......enough talking.  Just go check this place out!  They went above and beyond any restaurant I have been to in awhile.  Keep up the good work we will be back!Do not be fooled by the bougey, hipster appearance of this "gastropub."Having frequented many AMAZING restaurants in the NoLibs area, this one pales in comparison. We waited an hour and a half from arrival to departure for stale biscuits and gravy, and Luke warm duck hash. The food wasn't the only thing that left a bad taste in our mouths- the brown curly haired hostess was rude. When I asked her why many, many people were seated before us she stated "yeah, at the BAR." I told her I didn't know that was an option, or based on first come first serve she remarked "yeah.... It's a bar... That's how it works?!" With a huge attitude. When we asked for the manager, he was barely apologetic- stating they only have two cooks in the kitchen and cannot accommodate the size of their restaurant- come again?- guess the empty tables are just props. He offered the bill on the house, but we told him we only had a bite each. No other incentive mentioned to get us to return. He also said this was a "fluke" and that they wouldn't be so popular if this was the norm. Haha, more than the prices are inflated at this joint. Won't be returning.Marshall Green has gone & you can tell, food is good, no longer great. --- oh well.drinks are still okWe  have been here a few times.  Food is good, typical "gastropub" type food.  Beer list is good.  Service last time we went was terrible.  We sat at the bar, and the restaurant was dead, so that isn't an excuse.  Took a while to get drinks.  My salad came out after my entree, and bartender made a lame excuse like "oh, I thought you wanted it after."  Then my wife's order was screwed up - no tomatoes, cucumber, etc. in her salad, and no dressing either (to be fair, they had run out of pita and the falafel she ordered came on a salad instead -- but still....).  Then when she sent it back, which she never does, the bartender gave a non-apology apology, then tried to throw the kitchen under the bus.   Typical millennial attitude.  The only thing that saved this from one star is that she put a round of drinks on the house.Jerry's is a neighborhood staple! The burger is fabulous and atmosphere is always a buzz. Great weekend brunch spot.