I've done some crazy things for food before and waiting in line for over 30 minutes for a cheesesteak is probably one of them.
I was glad that Jim's Steak has their a/c on because it would've been horrific if there weren't any. The line takes about 30 minutes from the door to the front counter where you order. The guys behind the glass cooks the steaks right in your face so you know it's fresh and hot. I went for the classic, Cheesesteak wiz wit, which includes the steak, cheese wiz, and onions. 
The sandwich by itself was a bit bland for me but good amount of steak and tasty onions. I had to put some mayo and ketchup (don't judge me!) to bring up the flavor a bit. 
Was it worth the wait for me? Not really, but I'm glad I got to try it out and be the judge of it myself.Jim's steaks is a must have no matter what time of the day!  Jim's is conveniently located around he corner from some of Philly's finest historical architecture: Independence Hall and Liberty Bell. The cheese steak hoagies here are the best. So much so that anytime I visit I make a purpose to hit Jim's up because it never disappoints. Yumm!This is my favorite cheesesteak in the city.  I've been to many including Pat's and Geno's.  I like the type of steak they use and the autographed posters and pictures of celebrities and athletes are pretty cool.  The line is usually out the door but moves pretty fast.  Worth the wait.If I didn't have to wait 30 minutes to get the food, this would've gotten 4 stars. If the line is at the front door, that's how long you wait, a freakin' half hour. That out of the way, the cheesesteak was actually juicy, not dry like another spot across the street. Decent price, but over hyped#1 cheesesteak in Philly!
We spent the day testing various "best cheesesteaks" around the city and Jims was our número uno!
The place is extremely efficient, so know what you want before you get to the front of the line. No more than 30 seconds to place order, pay, receive food. The staff were very nice and playful. 
Now why #1? Well seasoned steak packed to brim, caramelized onions, and cheese wiz that melts throughout and produces a perfectly juicy bite! Personal preference from a girl that loves cheese, add a mix of cheese to ensure you get the gooey cheese and runny deliciousness!
Final tips:
-cash only
-come on off hours to avoid the linesThis place is terrible. The fact that they only take cash isn't even the problem. My cheesesteak was lacking in meat and it was cold. To top that off I couldn't get peppers cooked into my cheesesteak and I had to add condiments myself. I definitely will never return to this location.I suppose you can't go to Philly without at least trying one of their famous cheese steaks. Not knowing any differences among all the cheese steak restaurants, we decided on Jim's. I've got to say, it was no big deal. The sandwich was good, mind you, but now that I've had one, I'm ready to move on. Ordering was a bit confusing (not as simple a menu as I expected) and the guys behind the counter weren't especially helpful and didn't seem too eager to make sure we enjoyed our visit. The place was a bit greasy and dingy, but that's to be expected in a downtown diner. All in all, I'm glad we did it, but won't be rushing back.Geno's and pats are over rated! Jim's is where it's at when it comes to cheese steaks.Fast service. Great sandwiches. They have been around forever and most folks will tell you this is the best in town.Best cheesesteak I've had in Philly (Geno's and Pat's don't compare at all). Service is good and quick. Upstairs seating and downstairs railings if you don't mind standing and eating. Must go with cheese whiz and provolone combo with some onions.Yum! I'll admit right away that I am not from Philly and have had little to no exposure to cheesesteaks. But that doesn't make me any less appreciative of this place.
Yes, the line is absurdly long at all parts of the day. And yes, it doesn't look like the cleanest joint. I'll confess to being terrified of not correctly ordering. And I'll tell you that I was even more terrified when I found that lots of people order their steaks with artificial cheez whiz (yes, you guessed it-- I shop at Whole Foods).
But after all that, when I bit into my cheesesteak, it was pure glutton heaven.  When I washed that first bite down with a swig of yuengling...well, I experienced things that a lady such as myself would never put in writing.I've heard many people say that Jim's cheese steaks are the best Philly has to offer so I decided to finally check it out.
I have always favored Geno's as the best and nothing Jim's did for me on my visit has made me change my mind.  Don't get me wrong, this was a good cheese steak, just not a great one.
I will say that I liked it better than Pat's because I think the bread holds up better but Geno's is tastier overall, has a firmer roll and they also serve whole, hot cherry peppers on the side.  Jim's does not.
Yes, you can order them as part of the pepper steak but when you ask to add peppers on a normal cheese steak you get banana style.  Bananas are good but they're not as good as cherry peppers.  So that's why I give Jim's a bit of a downgrade.
The steak itself was very good and the provolone cheese melted very well. Grilled onions and mushrooms?  Also good.  Service?  So-so but leaning toward unfriendly.
I would definitely eat here again but when faced with a choice, I will still choose Geno's.  But, hey, deciding on what is the best cheese steak in all of Philly is a great problem to have!  I'm glad I tried Jim's and can see why many think it's the best.  I just disagree.This place can't get less than 5 starts. The reception at the hotel we stayed in they promptly recommended jims when we asked for a good place to a have a cheesesteak sandwich. Waiting time wasn't bad at all. The people that work in are super nice. The place is small and busy but we didn't have to wait for a table. The guys there make sure the tables and the floor are clean, and make sure you have a seat! The food is fresh and you can add mushrooms or hot/sweet peppers to your cheese steak. They also have a big selection of drinks and beer. We were very pleased and we will definitely stop by again next time we visit Philly.The cheesesteak was ok. However, the store was messy and smelled of cleaning agent. The staff didn't make any effort to be friendly.The best cheesesteaks available - that's all you need to know.  Have as many as possible and immediately shower.I don't see what all the hype is about. It was good, but I've definitely had better. Shredded beef isn't really my thing but if it's what your into then I guess it's the spot for you. Otherwise I'd recommend using Google and Yelp to find a better spot. Hint: right down the streetI don't know what the big deal about these sandwiches are to peeps in PHilly.  Unless the meat is cooked fresh, it stays on the skillet which drys it out and then onto your sandwich.I'm a typical NYer looking for an authentic Philly cheesesteak & I found it here! Would make the drive to have it againPretty dissapointed in this experience. It was my first time having a cheesesteak in the city of brotherly love and it didn't live up to my expectations. i've had cheesesteaks here in DC that blow this away. 
It seemed like everything came from a can and the meat was severely lacking in flavor and juiciness. 
Won't be coming back again.Great cheese steak.  Mind blowing?  No.  Needed some salt.  Tip:  go for whiz or American cheese, not provolone because the provolone doesn't melt completely which is the most important part!Way overrated not worth waiting in line for. Watched the cook drop a roll on the raw meat pick it up and still served itWent to Philly for one weekend so obviously a cheesesteak was mandatory. This was delicious!  My husband got the cheesesteak with wiz and salt and pepper and I got the pepper cheesesteak and we split both. The wiz was surprisingly good! The peppers were delicious. BUT no matter what cheesesteak you get, you have to add S&P because the meat is not seasoned. Would definitely come back.
P.S. Cash only!!Good Philly cheesesteaks.
If it's good enough for Bruce Willis, it's good enough for me.
Now if you've never had one before, as I hadn't, don't be alarmed about ordering or cheese wiz.
Ordering: do some homework. Ask a local how to order. Listen to how other people in front of you order. Get cheese wiz and onions. It's tradition. And it's really tasty. Go for it. 
Again, Bruce Willis eats at this place. Do it.Customizable cheesesteak? Grilled onions? Where do you think you are? Burger King? In-N-Out? Starbucks? I told my cousin to not be the annoying tourist. My bad, after reading the reviews and listening to him order, apparently you can have it your way. Just tell the guy what you want. 
I just got a cheesesteak provolone. I'm not too keen on cheesesteaks and wanted to keep it basic. I should have added onions to mine because it was bland. We added salt and pepper to our sandwiches. The meat was chopped up this time (yay!) and not at all greasy (surprisingly). The bread was real good, soft and doughy. I liked the vibe at Jim's. It felt local as opposed to Pat's and Geno's which is like standing in line at a theme park or carnival. 
Jim's sandwiches are far better than Pat's and Geno's but still not what I thought cheesesteaks were gonna be like. As Mari H explains, maybe I just don't 'get it' yet. I also highly doubt my tastebuds are more refined than hers. After all, I am a Steak-umm kinda gal. So with that said, perhaps the city of Philly has more refined tastebuds than me.
And like a cheesesteak whore, I'm on to the next one. Hello Tony Luke!
PS- There is plenty of seating upstairs but they don't let you loiter.Came here on a day trip to Philly.  BF, who lived in Philly in a former life, recommended Jim's for cheese steak (within walking distance of where we were).
Had to say we were all mildly disappointed.  The bread was good, but the thing overall was bland as could be.  In all fairness, we had the provolone and not the cheez wiz.  But still, if this is how a Philly cheese steak is supposed to taste, then what's all the fuss about?This is spot where I wish I could give a 3.5, but I'll go conservative here.  When people insist on suffering at Pat's for their first Philly steak, I do my best to convince them to head to Tony Luke's or Jim's if they insist on a local favorite.
I think Jim's does a great job.  On occasion, I've had a few bland steaks, and the onions vary in their degree of doneness depending on your visit.
The show behind the counter, and mountains of raw chip steak and onions are always a site to behold in the long line of anticipation.I believe this is the best cheesesteak in the city if not the entire known universe. Just be prepared to stand in a long line, talk to rude and intimidating staff, and sit in a grimy "dining room."This was decent! I was really hoping to find the best Philly cheesesteak in Philly, but I don't think this was it. The line was quite a wait and the table situation upstairs was a little overcrowded, but I appreciated the employee who helped me find a table (though it was about a 5 minute wait, with food already in hand). Probably wouldn't go to this shop again, but it was a fine cheesesteak.After asking friends which cheesesteak place we should try in Philly, the answer was a resounding "Jim's". A lot of people told us that both Pat's and Gino's were tourist traps so we were happy to head over to Jim's to try the cheesesteaks here.
We got two cheesesteaks with onions - one with American cheese and one with the whiz. I've never had a cheesesteak with whiz on it and I'm not going to lie I absolutely loved it. It added some extra flavor to the sandwich. 
The bread was fresh and had a great toast to it. The bread made the sandwich great.
I've had more flavorful steak sandwich before, so I'm giving this place a four star rating instead of five. Would still definitely recommend if you are looking for an iconic Philly cheesesteak place.Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Hands down. Cooked perfectly and so much flavor. No ketchup needed. And I love the. Cheese whiz. Beats out ginos & pats.It was recommended by a Philly local as the place to go (over Pat's and Gino's) and it did not disappoint. In fact it was heavenly. I got 2 steak sandwiches, one with provolone and one "wit wiz". Both were excellent, but the one with the cheese wiz tasted better. A must stop when in Philly.Go there and see for yourself!!!!!!! 
I got the Philly cheesesteak with wiz cheese and onions and seriously have dreams about it! It was that good!!!!!! 
It was my first time trying Philly Cheesesteak. 
You can tell they have created a great name as there was a line. They were efficient in service though.Jim's Steaks is the best Philly cheesesteak hands down. Provolone wit is my go to order but today I discovered you can order half one cheese, half another. Let me tell you that a provolone/whiz wit is the best of both worlds. And of course, reading all the signatures on the wall and people watching South Street from the dining room upstairs is always amusing while you devour the best cheesesteak of your life. Don't miss out!!I'd say it's just another cheesesteak.  Definitely a tourist trap, but in the end most cheesesteaks are on a similar platform (with some exceptions on either end), and Jim's doesn't buck the trend in that regard.What I Ate
- cheese steak with provolone, lettuce, and sweet peppers
Would I Go Again?
- My wife and I made an effort to go to Jim's every time we went in to Center City when we lived in Philadelphia.  Best cheese steak I've ever had.  The steak is flavorful and juicy, the bread is outstanding, and the sweet peppers give the cheese steak the perfect "kick."  Throw in soup nazi-like ordering and Jim's provides the ultimate Philadelphia cheese steak experience.  We can't wait to go back!I ordered the cheese steak with half whiz and half provolone. I found the meat to be bland, but maybe next time I should season it more with salt. There was a long line but went by pretty quickly since people knew their orders. There is seating upstairs!Authentic steak sandwich...line was outside around the building but figured I should wait and try it...took about 20 minutes to get in and out...service was decent and steak was decent...favorite steak ever, no, but when in Philly one could do worse..4 stars for being a solid sandwich and having to wait a really long time....Home Sweet Home.
Every trip back, every person coming in from out of town, they all have to come here with me.
This is a cheesesteak place people, I'm not sure if you're expecting more than that? Come in, order your steak (properly!!) and eat it. Enjoy the delicious meat, (faux) cheese and onions and then go on to say you have had the best.
I hope it never changes.Pros: Recommended by the locals. Selection from 3 types of cheese - American, Prov, or Whiz - to be placed on your cheesesteak. 
Cons: Refrain from the meatless cheesesteak.Well, what can I say that hasn't been said in nearly 400 reviews?  
Probably nothing, but I'll take a quick crack at it.
My Philly tour guide, Michael G., led  me over here to sample a cheese-steak based on recommendations from others (he has never sampled one).  Despite my reservations about eating extremely processed orange cheese from a can, I decided to go with it.  I also got some sauteed onions on top.  And it was incredibly tasty.
Nothing about this place is healthy, but who cares?  You don't go to Philly for your health, that's for sure. 
Cash only.So this is a pretty popular spot from what I can tell and it's trash. I've been to many cheesesteak places up here and this is by far the worst. I can't even express how bad this place was. Another place I'll never reconsider on my quest for the best cheesesteaks.A Philly tradition. Came early evening on a Thursday evening with a short line and plenty of seating. Fair priced and you get a lot of meat and sandwich. Thought the employees were really friendly, cheesesteak with provolone was tasty and fresh and the whole experience was just really fun.If you've never had a cheese steak and you're in Philly I'd suggest coming here first to try one. Get the standard with wiz and onions and you can't go wrong. 
Came here after a76ers game and surprisingly there wasn't a line. I've tried Pats and Genos before and wanted to give this place a try. After tasting all three I would have to say that Jims takes my vote. Jims chops their steak up into little pieces rather than giving you big slices and their onions are a lot more flavorful than Genos and Pats. I think this is the reason why theirs is better. There were a lot friendlier too in my opinion.Smells like meat from the moment you walk in!! There are many cheese steak places to choose from but this is the tastiest!! The beef is chopped up for easy biting, chewing, eating, and well seasoning!!!After doing the Pats steak, and then the Geno's steak, and then a few years ago where I did both Pat's AND Geno's in one lunch time, I have to give it to Jim's. You win. Although I'm sure there is a better place out there? 
In fact, one of my major gripes about all of the reviews for Jim's below mine is that a ton of you locals say something like "it's good, but it's not the best"....and then you fail to name the place that's better. Can anyone help me out here? I want the penultimate steak! I realize most Philadelphians don't eat at these places, how could you eat cheesesteaks regularly and still be able to wake up in the morning. But still hook a brother up. Anyways, sorry for the rant, I really enjoyed Jim's and would surely come back. Wait wasn't too bad, and my steak wit wiz wit out onions kicked ass.My mom almost got into a fight with some visitors from Mexico in this joint.  Read on to see how and why.
These are the best Cheesesteaks in Philly.  THE BEST.  Don't argue with me on this. Pat's is too greasy.  Gino's is too racist.  The line is worth it.  Just go to Jim's!
Reasons why it's the best and kicks all other Cheesesteaks' collective asses:
1) The bread.  Oh sweet Heaven, the bread.  
2) The beef is INCREDIBLE.  Thin, lean, but juicy and tender all at the same time.  It's like eating meat-ified chocolate that melts in your mouth.
3) The provolone is excellent.  I don't get the Wiz because I'm not 12 years old.
4) Though the line wraps well around the corner, you at least get to partially wait indoors.  This is welcome when it's cold in the winter, or hot in the summer when my sensitive skin burns faster than a chicken on a rotisserie.
5) In accordance with #4, they have indoor seating!
6) They have beer.
7) The chefs are entertaining, fun-loving, and HY-sterical.
8) They know how to handle a crowd and long lines.  They're Jim's!
Oh, you were waiting for the story about my mom, right? Well, as listed in #5, Jim's has indoor seating upstairs, right after a sign that explicitly states that you are NOT allowed to save seats for people in line for food.
Well, these two "women" (I'm being nice by not referring to them by what they actually are), decided to save not 1, not 2, but THREE tables for their large party, who were not only ordering food downstairs, but were also going to JOHNNY ROCKET'S NEXT DOOR to get milkshakes.  I'll just say this: all 7 of us had finished our food by the time their party arrived, and my mom went APE POOP (again, censoring) on them.  We didn't realistically think that 7 of us could sit together, but 3 members of our party were over 60, one with a bad knee, and these "women" purposely avoided eye contact with us while we mad-dogged them for preventing others from sitting.  Oh, and if you're thinking it was because they couldn't speak English and/or read the sign, that wasn't the issue since they told my mom "You should have asked"  when she confronted them.  Total bull.  
One of the women's teenaged children ending up being the one to apologize to my mom, hushing his own mother in the process.  I hope those people all got shat upon by pigeons later that day.
The best part was when a nearby exiting party of four 20-something men overheard me shouting something quite rude to these "women," in response to the "You should have asked," they backed me up with an "F Yeah!" (censored).  Everyone had seen their antics, and no one gave them an easy time about it.  Oh sweet, sweet revenge.  In hindsight, we really should have just pulled the tables out from under them...Philly style.
I know that this story doesn't have much to do with my review of Jim's, but I thought it was still worthwhile to share so that you can be on the outlook for your own version of the seat-stealing "women."  I do wish, however, that they would have had an employee monitoring the seating to prevent fools like these.  That's the only improvement I can suggest.  Otherwise, it's perfection.Ahhh, the quintessential Philly Cheesesteak. 
I've been here several times with friends and the experience is always the same. You can expect a long line, particularly during normal meal hours. (But it is ever a bad time for a greasy sandwich piled high with meat and cheese?) Jim's service is brusque in classic Philly style, but they also manage to be efficient too. Line up, pick your cheese and toppings, and eat. It doesn't get any simpler.
Jim's is often called the best steak in town, but how does it really taste? Well, it's actual steak! Unlike most "steak" places which fill their buns with something reminiscent of soggy Iams, Jim's meat is sure to satisfy even the most famished tyrannosaurus rex. I suggest adding onions and peppers, but you'll want skip the canned mushrooms. They're paler and more boring than your dreadful mother-in-law.
The decor is, unfortunately, limited to signed vintage photographs of celebrities and stacks of bread boxes. Overall, Jim's is worth a stop if you've never had a cheesesteak before. But expect more of a tourist trap than something you'll want to eat again and again.People says this is the best philly steak in the state, but in my opinion it should be Pat's kings steak.MUCH better than Geno's or Pat's.
They are customer friendly here.
Better quality meat & bread.
You can dine in!At this point they get the extra star for being best in the area... on another note... the cheesesteaks were juicy tasty and loaded... if you can say to yourself, I'll come back, then you know it's worth it...Authentic cheesesteak. Authentic atmosphere. Great experience. The crowd at lunch moves quickly. Upstairs seating through the kitchen.Those who have poorly rated appear to be first timers to Philly.  Yes the shop is not an immaculate five star restaurant, but Jim's defined the Philly sandwich.  If you want an authentic philly, come to Jim's.  Exceptional food, (but don't come on a diet!).  Take in the culture of the event as you down your sandwich, and live a little.  Be prepared to wait in line.  There is a reason all those people are standing there.Meh, not that great. It would be better if they built the sandwich then ran it under a grill/oven for a few seconds so everything could melt together. Cheese wasn't even melted and bread not toasted. For my first Philly Cheesesteak experience, I was very underwhelmed. If I were you, I'd search elsewhere for the best Philly Cheesesteak.I've been coming here for years, since I got my driver's license at 16.  It's one of the top places to me and I love the entire experience.  There is usually a large line, regardless of when you go.  This place reminds me of the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld.  The line queue is a small maze, but one you get up front, everyone gets quiet and starts sliding to the left.  A large man looking down at the counter and not at you will yell "next" and you better order.  Don't make him say it a second time!  Regulars know how to order, but you see tourists having conversations and pissing this man off.  Don't get Whiz ever, but it's the easiest for them.  Provolone with will get you the great provolone cheese and the "with" will get you nice fried onions.  After you order, get out of the way immediately and let the next person order their meal.  Someone else will ask if it's to go and take your drink order.  Joke around with these people, they have personality, unlike the big guy making your sandwich.  I've gotten a yoo-hoo ever since my first visit and I love the combination.  On occasion, I'll get a beer and a yoo-hoo too, but mainly just a yoo-hoo.  
It's greasy, good and I love how some of the meat's flavor comes from being a little burnt.  You could fight over who has the best cheese steak all you want, but this is definitely my favorite and should be in your conversation.Good. Philly. Steak. What more do you need?  Small place but they had additional seating on the second floor. The sand which was fresh, delicious and portioned just right. Staff were very nice and quick. Note it is cash only.Son and I drove up from Maryland so he could get a Philly cheesesteak while home from college. I'd been to Jim's in Northeast Philly so tried this one. Hmmm...upon entering there was a line of about 12 people but moving quickly. I suggest if you don't know what you want to step aside because ordering cheesesteak here is a quick process. Cook shouts out, next and customer is expected to shout order. I'm using the word shout but it's more like a slight yelling to ensure you're heard. They also sell hoagies and have a separate line for that.  Well we ordered our food, paid (CASH ONLY ESTABLISHMENT) and followed signs that led us up a narrow staircase to the seating area. Ok...food. it was ok. Steak was lean and plentiful however not seasoned. I ordered bell peppers and onions which were placed on top not cooked with the steak so I was disappointed. Bell peppers were soggy. This was not my experience when I went to Jim's in Northeast Philly so I'll go there instead. Different owners and better cheesesteak.Ahh... Philly Cheesesteaks...
Although I can't say I am a diehard fan of Philly Cheesesteaks, I will say that you can definitely get a classic and delicious cheesesteak at Jim's. I ordered their $9 Cheesesteak with provolone (didn't opt for the cheese whiz and I'm okay with that because provolone pairs really well with steak), peppers, onions, and had a bag of barbecue chips on the side. The cheesesteak was great, and even better with some ketchup. The barbecue chips weren't that flavorful unfortunately, but still made a nice complement to the sandwich.
Overall, it felt like a classic experience and I'm glad I tried Jim's. This location has seating upstairs, and I like the old school feel and simplicity of the place!A number of folks I know from Philly have mentioned that cheesesteaks from Jim's is pretty good. I'd have to agree...kind of.
See, I've had cheesesteaks from Geno's. Jim's is better than Geno's.
But having eaten Jim's cheesesteaks, I've had better than Jim's - in Philly.
What's nice about Jim's cheesesteaks? Well the location on South Street is pretty convenient. the restaurant's on the corner of 4th street and is pretty accessible. I went on a Tuesday night and had no wait. 
The restaurant's kinda old school. Simple and laid back like an old school diner with tile and chrome. There's an upstairs with lots of signed pictures from famous diners of Jim's.
Apparently, they serve alcohol. I enjoyed a black cherry soda.
What's not so nice about Jim's cheesesteaks? THE STEAK.
It wasn't horrible. It just wasn't as good as people have said - it wasn't "meat-chocolate melting in your mouth". It was actually kind of dry and over-chewy. Perhaps because the place was relatively empty and the meat had been on the griddle too long and lost juice?
The bread was DELICIOUS.
The condiments were a mixed bag (onions - yum! / peppers - not so much).
People who wrote there's better cheesesteaks in Philly...I'm going to need you to share where. It doesn't make sense for you to say - go get a cheesesteak from somewhere else...and DON'T provide the somewhere else.
I will...Larry's cheesesteaks on City Line by St Joes...yeah, I said it, they have arguably the best cheesesteaks I've tasted in Philly.The bread was fresh and the meat was cooked OK but it was bland and skimpy for $10 you would think customer service and the sandwich would be better than average. We had a great busboy!When in Rome... right?. So I come to the motherland of Cheesesteaks with high expectations - that was my problem. 
Meh! Meat was dry and flavor less, bread was hard. No Bueno!
I guess next week when I'm back in Phlilly I'll hit up Tony Lukes.If you come on the weekend expect a long line around the corner. But usually moves fast (about 15-20 min). Soooo, I liked it. It was a good cheesesteak. I mean, I guess I just don't get it. The whole craze over cheese steaks. One tip: If you like the cheese part of your steak, ask for extra on the sandwich. I ordered a standard cheesesteak but sadly, it was lacking? Also, your not aloud to go upstairs and "save" your seat, unless you have your food in your hands. They monitor the flow. Enjoy.Being a visitor to Philly, my intention was to hit a Pat's or Geno's to get a cheesesteak. We went to Jim's instead after being convinced by the usher at the Phillies game.
The cheesesteak was great. We got all three (American, provolone, whiz). I would say the cheese whiz was my favorite. The price was not bad.
This is a popular spot, so there was a line out the door. I would say it was worth the wait.
My only complaint would be that the upstairs dining area was not very clean. This place is packed and there are a ton of people. There are a lot of employees taking and making orders but I did not see one making sure the floors or tables were clean.Wir waren Ostern dort und es ist ein apsolutes MUSS wenn man in Philadelphia ist. Ich muss jedes mal hin.
Everytime when I´m in Philly I have to go to "Jim´s Steak" Great Food apsolute friendly Stuff.Awful awful awful! Who serves a cold cheese steak to someone?! Seriously? I guess they have a pile of meat ready on the grill because they're too lazy to make it as they need it. Therefore you won't get hot meat. My barely there American cheese wasn't even melted. The sandwich was cold and dry. Drove all the way there and it sucked!Sometimes when items are over-hyped, I'm underwhelmed. It was good for what it was (traditional cheesesteak, white bread, whiz, onions), but it was kinda of boring. It was smaller than I thought it would be for the price and the meat was chewier than I thought it would be. Thankfully we got there when it opened and only waited 10 minutes. I could see myself being even more disappointed if I had to wait outside for an hour. Anyway, you can't visit Philly without having a cheesesteak! So get there early and check out the unique South Street.We looked at yelp for a great philly steak and found Jims which was close to where we were at. We are from California and don't know the proper process of ordering. The staff were beyond rude we almost told them to shove it and walk out the door. I guess we were suppose to order from the cook the cook wouldnt respond to our questions so the other staff got nasty because we didn't know what we were doing instead of helping he gave us attitude. I ate the philly steak anyway it was nothing special nor worth it after all the abuse we endured from the staff. I realize Jims considers us non-important out of all the customers and business they recieve. However they didn't know us we could have been important, we could have been restaurant critics or newspaper writers. We would have written a bad review. The bottom line whether we are important or not they need to treat all customers with respect. I would not eat here again nor recomend it to anyone.I didn't mind the long line. I did mind the somewhat bland tasting, dry steak that was being mass cooked on the grill. I need for my cheesesteak to be made with a little more love. I've had better steaks at other hole-in-the-walls in Philly.It was okay sort of dry. I will be trying Larry's next which is what we were trying to get to. The line was long and I feel I was bamboozled bYummy!   Had to wait in line, but there was still plenty of seating up the steps and enjoyed my lunch!  Provolone & Onions!The staff is so RUDE!! The guy worked upstair spilled HOT SAUCE on my muffler. It's not just one drop, he spilled all over my muffler and it smells so bad. I talked with manager about this, she said they can't do anything, just can apology, but she didn't say sorry about that. and then, all the staff are coming and surround me and said What?! it's just accident!! How much is that muffler?! like this.
The thing that makes me really upset is their behavior.
I have to pay dry cleaning fee by myself, and the laundry said it takes a week, and I don't have time to wait it. I have to travel without muffler in winter!!!!haha
If you are NOT white, I do not recommend to come here. They are all racist!! You can experience racism in here!! Come and ruin your day :DDon't go at 12 o clock the line is out the door. Felt kind of uncomfortable standing in front of the line waiting to order watching the cook chop up the meat for 5 minutes before asking me my order. Cheesesteak tasted pretty good, just was thin for the money. Would go if other places were closed. Pudges on 202 in Blue bell or chubbys is still my favorite.Very popular steak joint in Philadelphia. Besides the extremely long lines that frequently wrap around the corner, this place is great. My stomach growls every time I think about a cheesesteak from here with provolone and fried onions. Can't get any better than that!We came here when it was completely empty. Everyone started to file up behind us. This was about 7pm. The employees are really great, they gave us some advice about the area. Also helped us out with our order. The cheese steaks were pretty good. Not the best I've had so far but still good. I got a cheese steak with provolone without onions or anything. I probably should have added that. Overall great place.Had a provolone cheesesteak with onions and peppers.  Brother-in-law says other places are juicier, this one is drier, which probably means it's healthier, but I'd prefer the juiciness and flavor.   Sandwich was good, but nothing to write home about.  Ambience was beat up and run down.   Overall, if you're in Philly as a tourist, you gotta have a cheesesteak, but maybe try another place.Best steaks among the big names in Philadelphia, better than Pat's and Geno's. Acceptable amount of seating upstairs, good selection of drinks including beers. I do enjoy a steak with double whiz, mushrooms, and onions. Expect very long lines, 40 mins to 1 hour during the height of the busy summer hours.Solid cheesesteak, of the tourist spots, its a step above Pats and Genos. The meat is finely chopped and the rolls are pretty good. 
Located right on south street and right by TLA so its great to hit after a concert or late night of drinking. The guys who work there are pretty hilarious as well. 
Only issue is since they do serve so many people they make their meat in masses and at times you can get a cheesesteak that is not piping hot and the cheese not melted all the way through. Other then that is not to bad.Certainly one of the best in town. It's always on the short list along with the big two and Tony Luke's. But there are better out there and in fact right up the street at Woodrow's you can now find the best cheesesteak I've ever had.This place is good.  Especially when you've had a handful or more drinks.  On the flip side, there is nothing special about them.  Their bread is pretty traditional for a steak place, and their steak is solid.  I always want a little more cheese than they put in the sandwich (and it's cheap wiz - c'mon!).  Also a little on the pricey side for a steak place, but not too bad.  Cool experience.Definitely a 3 star joint, no more and probably no less. Its overrated for sure! I don't understand why the line was so long. And no, it's not worth the wait.
Anyway, the steak was good.  Stick to provolone cheese not cheese wiz, but the wiz is ok, if thats your thing. Don't order mushrooms because they are not fresh, just straight from the can.  (This is a very disappointing fact considering the restaurant is so close to the Mushroom Capitol of the World).  If you don't know what to order, keep it simple: provolone cheese and onions on the cheesesteak.  Expect the wait to be as long as 40 minutes and the portion is not very big.  I'm a small girl and I ate the whole thing. (I guess, it's a good sign I didn't suffer too much)... Anyway, if you're an average sized male, you might be hungry afterwards.  Oh, and the servers have horrendous people skills.  It's like Seinfeld's Soup Nazi - walk in an orderly line, be very prepared with your order, don't get cute. They are rude and definitely have attitude, but I don't blame them, I would hate working there in the never ending sea of hungry people.
Overall, the taste of the cheesesteak was decent.  I have in mind about a handful of places that sell tastier cheesesteaks than Jim's, but this will not ruin anything for you.  It's alright.When there is a 30  - 45 minute wait to the counter, you know the food is good.  As you wait on line, you see all the celebrities that have eaten there in the past, on the wall.  Their steaks are truly the best in Philly.  They don't serve horse meat, like others in the city.  Also, love the fact that they have Dr. Brown sodas.Amazing Cheese steaks and they are open late. Better then Tony Luke's.This used to be the place. No longer.
As a Philly native, the cheesesteak should be amazing, or it simply should not exist. Jim's used to be amazing, but I'm sad to report that my last 2 trips there (both with out-of-town guests) left me sorely disappointed. This, folks, is the fall of an icon.
The rolls are still the real deal. In fact, all the ingredients are. But the preparation is just not the same. In a proper cheesesteak, the meat should be moist but not greasy - somehow my last two steaks have managed to be both dry and greasy. I'm stunned. In a proper cheesesteak, the roll should never get soggy, as it should be protected from moisture by a layer of gooey melted cheese (american or provolone, skip the whiz). My last two steaks were under-cheesed and the rolls became soggy. Lastly, the onions should be fried. Mine were a mixture of burnt and raw.
Jim's... you make me so sad. Get your act together.Was an average experience for me to be honest. Certainly the best of the super touristy spots for a steak but still lacking much flavor besides the overwhelming cheese. 
The bread was, however, quite decent as most all south philly hoagie rolls are.Mmmm greasy delicious cheesesteak.  Somehow my boyfriend and I were walking around south street aiming to pick up food to have a picnic, but we ended up at Jim's and eating at the counter inside.  But i was not upset.  However, just  don't expect much other than a great cheesesteak and a can of soda from these guys.  The place isn't pretty,  but it gets the job done.I had to try this place, because I heard the locals love Jim's.  I had the Philly Cheese Steak with Mushrooms.  It was just OKAY, and I wasn't impressed.  My sandwich got cold quickly and didn't taste appetizing after that.  I personally enjoyed the Philly Cheese Steak at Pat's and at Geno's better.   There's plenty of seating upstairs.  Nice view of the city streets while eating.Average and not worth the trip.  John's Roast Pork is the BEST CHEESESTEAK in Philly.  I'm only writing this review because I see alot of people hyping Jim's up.  It's a nonfactor in the cheesesteak game as far as I'm concerned.  Leave Jim's and South Street to the Jersey kids.I've eaten here since the place opened. The line can sometimes be crazy long but the food is great!  After many drunken nights we would stumble in and eat here, watching the cooks fry those steaks in front of us. 
I don't eat them anymore, but I have fond memories of this place.My favorite of the two cheesesteaks I tried while in Philly.  I went to Dalessandro's and was slightly underwhelmed.  Jim's has me craving more.  
Line out the door was quick and the upstairs seating, though cramped, was very atmospheric.
The sandwich was piping hot goodness that was spongelike due to its incredibly soft, flavorful bread and moist ribeye. Combine that with the onions, mushrooms, "whiz" and you get one of the best sandwiches on Earth.Great steaks. Classic taste. They were fresh off the grill. There is seating upstairs.Jims got the best cheesesteak !!! I go to this place faithfully every two weeks I have been doing this for the past two years... I have try so many different place tasting this cheesesteaks and Honestly they do have the best cheesesteak #1NO QUESTION that these are the best cheesesteaks Philly has to offer. Pat's and Geno's have nothing on Jim's. 
There was a line out the door when we arrived at ~4pm on a Sunday afternoon and we queued for about 30 mins to get to the front of the line. 
We ordered 2 cheesesteaks with the classic cheese whiz which is just wrong but oh so how it should be done! It's the whole package of the cheesesteak that makes Jim's what it is. The cut of beef is very fresh fresh (you can see them ploughing out slice after slice at the machine to the far right of the kitchen), and the bread is really really good considering this country in general is very challenged when it comes to making good bread! 
The servers are just annoying people though in general, I'm just going to throw that out there. Sort of like you are inconveniencing them for daring to buy a sandwich from them. Like if you don't get the process EXACTLY right, you catch them shaking their head at you (or you can watch them do it to others in the line) in disgust. Ah well, it wouldn't be Philly if you didn't get a little bit of attitude, right!
Rock on Jim's! A trip up to/from New York from our home in DC will never be complete without at least one trip via you on the way / way home.I don't really eat cheesesteaks (I know, sacrilege) regularly but the best place for them is Jim's! They are no nonsense, but they make a good steak! Also have a bunch of sodas and beers to choose from, and TASTYCAKES!! Limited seating though, upstairs mostly.So I might be alittle biased since the first time I actually had cheesesteak from here I was hungover and waited 2 hours for my brother to bring it back. But it IS THE BEST cheesesteak in Philly. Hangover and hunger cured. Although, I did wish I had a second one. I've been to Pat's and Geno's and the ones in Reading Terminal. Jim's is definitely my favorite. The steaks are juicier and not chewy like Geno's. Also, I've been back here with friends another 20 times NOT hungover and they're still delicious.
For those of you that want a good Philly cheesesteak and not set on Pat/Geno, come here. No need to go beyond South street. Warning: line gets really long, so don't come here if you're starving. You might actually faint on the sidewalk.Okay I've done Geno's, Steve's Prince of Steaks and other places offering Cheese Steaks and by far the BEST Philly Cheese Steaks I've had!    
Ordered with Cheese Whiz, Grilled Onions and Peppers!    easy to find location.   Tonight at 10:15pm wasn't busy so no waiting.   Very Friendly Staff and very clean inside.    2 Floors.  Upstairs to dine and lower to eat at the back bar (quick).Came to Philadelphia with the family for a "real philly cheesesteak". I hope this wasnt it. The steak itself had no flavor -- tasted very bland and watered down. We were really diappointed. The cooks werent friendly at all and were a bit impatient, but the man upstairs was very kind.Wow, what happened to Jim's? All the flavor gone. Steak dry and tasteless.
No more ketchup giant squeeze, its given way to individual packets.
Been coming here since the 50s. I hate losing one of my favorites.Overall, it was a good experience but I thought Tony Luke's and Pat's we're much better as I went to these places while I was visiting Philly last month. I got the mushroom cheesesteak with white american and onions, it would have been better if the meat had more flavor and it wasn't hot enough since the cheese didn't melt well but Jim's is better than Geno's though. Another thing I don't like about Jim's is that they only have can soda, please get fountain soda please!, that's what restaurants should only be serving for sodas.Went to Jim's today, and when I first saw the line, I was taken aback. But I realized soon it moved quite quickly. That said, the men manning the counter were very rude and curt. They seemed annoyed with the overwhelming amount of tourists, and although we're locals here in Philly, they rushed us along in a very rude manner. On the other hand, the cheesesteak was very good, the bread was soft, and the meat was juicy. I recommend this place, but I'm warning you now of the incredibly rude and bad service.The bread and sautéed veggies are good. But they do not season their meat. The sandwich was definitely missing flavor and I had to do a lot of doctoring it up to make it edibleI had a bad steak there and I love this place.  They only take cash now so know this.  I wouldn't get the mushrooms canned and nasty.  Still is a great place but they had a bad day.Somehow wandered into Jim's at 11 am on  a weekday. No lines! Plenty of seating! And slight nausea from eating a cheesesteak so early.
Had the classic cheesesteak with grilled onion and provolone.  Tons of flavor. As always, the roll (as I'm constantly finding in Philly) was perfect-chewy with a thin crust and plenty of integrity...no sogginess with the weight of the meat!The wait sucks, but the cheesesteaks rock. Plus you get plenty of eye candy from the street scene so you're not bored.Well, I suppose it's not nice for a vegetarian to review this but to be fair they did have a "meatless" option.
Let me clarify - I only came here because some visitors really wanted to have Philly Cheesesteak and we were shopping around the area.  I tried to tell them that it's not what it's built up to be, but to no avail.
Well anyway, the meatless was um, well, unremarkable.  Not disgusting, eatable, but not anything to say much more about.
The guests did have the regular meat filled cheese steak though.  Even the tourists said that while it was good-ish, it wasn't anything special.
There wasn't a line when we went (12PM on a Saturday, and being 20 degrees out) but I think this place lost one star because the 'cooks' seemed, to me, unkempt...Eh, not as good as I remember it. Love the no nonsense vibe though. We had to wait in line on a Sunday afternoon in July, and I'm not sure I would wait again for a cheesesteak from Jim's.I had a guest in from England and he wanted to try one of the more touristy Cheese Steak places. I am not a a big fan of Genos, Pats  or Tony Lukes. I wanted to go to Ishkabibble's as I have heard good things, but sadly they were closed. I used to love Jim's in my younger days so we opted for this staple on South. 
Jim's is cash only and it is a good thing I had some on me because two cheese steaks and two sodas will set you back over $30.00! Make sure you have hard currency. I agree with Michelle C., Jim's is a good cheese steak but not the best. The one we had at Pizza by George in the Reading Terminal had better bread and juicier meat. Chick's in Cherry Hill is also better in this Yelpers opinion. Also Jim's cheese steak is slightly smaller then some others I had sampled during my guest's recent stay. I was able to finish a Jim's whole on my own. I was however very full and in food coma for most of the afternoon. Two people can split a whole steak sandwich. Jim's is still a pretty good cheese steak, don't get me wrong, and a great destination on South Street. It is worth it just for the cool old vibe of the building, the pictures on the wall and the view from the upstairs dining room!
Yes, Jim's can have huge lines but we were there about 1:30 on a Monday afternoon and we did not have any wait.First time up in Philly in a while, and of course I had to get an authentic Philadelphia cheesesteak.  The staff was very friendly even with the steady stream of business going through the door late at night.  You really got the sense they enjoyed being there, which is always a good trait you want to have as a customer.
Well known too, just based on all the celebrities that stopped by throughout the years.  The cheese was a little runny, but I attribute that to getting the cheese wiz.  Next time I stop by, I will be going for a different type of cheese to get on my get cheesesteak.
They do carry-out seating, or you can sit upstairs in the dining area.This is absolutely the place to get a Philly Cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
You must order the Cheesesteak Whiz.
Service is quick and you can see your sandwich be put together. There's not much seating in the building, but that doesn't really matter since people quickly eat and go. There's one bathroom in here so there might be a line. Soda costs $1.
It's located in a nice part of town--lots of shops nearby.
This is one of the few places that made my Philadelphia experience worthwhile.The best. period. You might have to wait in line during peak hours, but well worth it. I never forget to stop here when in town.Boy did I hit this timing right.  Monday, 2:00pm.  I walked right in and up to the counter!  By the time I got back downstairs there was a line out the door.  It was good enough I would have waited in the line to try it.  I went with the provolone and onions as my only added options.  The meat was cut thin and very flavorful.  Just enough juice to make it good and the bread didn't get soggy.  I liked the upstairs seating area that allowed you to people watch but be out of the way of sidewalk foot traffic.  I appreciated the distraction as I was dining alone.  The walls are covered with signatures and old nostalgic photos from the restaurant as it has grown to what it is today.  Great gem in this part of the city.  I didn't bother trying any others I liked it so much.I visited downtown Philly for work recently, everyone was telling me this was the place to go for a good cheese stake. The sandwich was no better than the ones I've had in South Florida, but the reason why I'm writing this review is to alert consumers of the fact I nearly cracked a tooth in half after discovering a ball bearing/bb gun round pellet inside my sandwich!!!!!! the place moves at such fast pace, it doesn't look like there's much time to ensure a clean/safe environment for food. Be careful as you chew away one of these subs! I took the subs to go, so I didn't have a chance to go back and speak to a manager, and their site seems to have no form of contact for any complaints/feedback, only a line if you are interested in catering.When in Philly, you have to try a cheesesteak right? Well I was told this is the best place to get one. And I don't have much to compare to, but it was great! Although I didn't get the cheese wiz which is supposedly the original. There is a pretty long line that winds around the corner but it moves decently fast. Be aware that you are not allowed to get seating until you have your food.First and foremost I love Jim's.  I went twice while in Philly this past weekend.  I go for extra whiz with onions.  The meat is flavorful, the whiz is well whiz, the bread is good and the line can be near legendary.Jim's has great cheesesteaks!  And like everyone else says, GET THE WHIZ.  About an eight inch long sub of pure heart attack goodness.  If I could eat one everyday, I probably would.  But I have a special affinity for cheesesteaks.
Jim's is much better than Pat or Geno's and the guys behind the counter are funny and friendly.  
I have to take one star away for the line.  I had to wait about and hour and a half for a CHEESESTEAK!  I don't know if an hour and a half is quite justifiable but I just had to have one.Had been to Jim's once before on a previous visit to Philadelphia several years ago and went coming back took a friend who wanted to try a "real Philly cheesesteak".
The line wasn't bad at all (around 7pm on a Tuesday) and I got mine as a 'pepper steak' (added sweet red peppers in addition to the usual provolone, meat, and onions). They also sell cheap beer to wash down the grease.
My sandwich wasn't as good as I remembered from last time (maybe having a few beers in you beforehand helps?), with my main complaint being a complete lack of seasoning on the beef. It filled my Philly cheesesteak requirement for the trip, but the next time I visit, I'll skip that particular stop.Just to be clear, Jim's definitely SMELLS like 5 stars. I mean, there is no denying that this place causes the entirety of South Street to smell like heaven, which I heartily appreciate.
That said, I was still terrified to actually try a cheesesteak when we made our way here. I'm completely addicted to Mama's in Bala Cynwyd. They are the bomb dot com, my friends. The bomb dot com. Nothing else can ever compare.
However, the fiance convinced me to give Jim's a whirl, and I was pleasantly surprised. The cheesesteaks, while nowhere near as divine as Mama's version, were nonetheless pretty tasty and did not make me fear for my life or anything. We tried one with provolone and one with American, and the American cheese was WAY tastier. We were not brave enough to go the whiz route.
For anyone who cares why I like Mama's so much better, it's because they mix the meat up together with the cheese until it's a big gooey mess of AWESOME. Whereas at Jim's they just lay the cheese on the bread and the meat over the cheese. Also, Mama's gives you more meat, more cheese, more of everything, including AWESOME. Oh and the rolls are better at Mama's, and the meat is better, and the cheese is better. AND they use real mushrooms.
But, uh, Jim's is not bad either, as it turns out. Go Jim's!Best cheesesteaks I have ever had. I am always recommending this place and have never had negative feedback. A must try.As far as cheesesteaks go, this place is Philly's top spot, I just don't really like cheesesteaks.
Meat is freshly sliced daily- not a frozen steak-em. There cheesesteaks are always juicy and tasty. I like mine with onions, mushrooms and provolone. Sangwich is loaded with meat and can be a bit messy- but I don't mind. 
Bread isn't great and usually gets soggy by the time you reach the second half. Mushrooms are canned, and i never like that over fresh mushrooms.I had 4 different people in 4 parts of the country all day this was a "must stop". Well, I waited in line for about 15 min and it did not disappoint.  I had the cheesesteak wit and hots.  I bought the tee shirt. 
Well done JimI echo Jason K's comments.
I get how tourists from towns with mediocre food would flock to Jim's and stand in line for 40 minutes as I did on Saturday. But is it worth the hubub, bub?! Nah, not really. But seeing as how time was short and I didn't want to drive all over Philly searching for the perfect namesake sandwich, we came to Jim's. And I was not dissatisfied, but the meat portion was skimpy, as were the onions. And tourists, be prepared to order because these chefs run a tight ship and will yell at you if you're not ready with your order.
So yes, it's a solid choice and I'm glad we went, but I'm a NYC gal and we've got Carl's Cheesesteaks that are out of this world...Recent trip to Philly tried several cheese steak locations  and this one was just ok but better than Pats. 
Staff was super friendly!*barf* 
Sorry, but no. I've always favored Jim's over Pat's or Gino's (the two mega-touristy ones). So on a return trip to Philly, and craving a "proper" Philly cheesesteak, I had to stop in. 
So disappoint.
The service was decent, the staff friendy. By the way, be sure you have cash, as they don't take credit, but do provide a third party ATM for convenience.
I ordered a cheesesteak, with provolone and onions and peppers, the defining cheesesteak of my childhood. My father always used to be of the opinion that Philly cheesesteaks are born of rolls made from the waters of the Schuylkill river, and hence, cannot be duplicated. I agree. Seems Jim's is outsourcing the rolls to some midwestern mega-bakery or something. 
And so began the soulless, flavorless creation of my cheesesteak, which had no real taste, other than the overwhelming red bell peppers that were the predominant component of the thing. Sorry, but this is not a classic Philly cheesesteak. Jim's used to be great, but it seems Philly overall is coasting on its fame rather than maintaining the greatness. It's sad, when this native Pennsylvanian finds better Philly cheesesteaks in Phoenix, AZ and Khartoum, Sudan. :-/Great!  I asked them to make a cheesesteak for me how it's supposed to be made. They did and it was huge. I was sure I couldn't eat the whole thing. It was so good I didn't want to leave anything behind.First Philly cheese steak ever! Best I've ever had!!! But seriously, this was wonderful.I used to live in Old City for 7 years.  I've walked to Jim's likely 100 times.  You have to time your visit to beat the tourists. 
For my money Jim's is tops.  Only issue for me was if you ate in the restaurant your clothes smelled like fried onions the rest of the day!The smell is heavenly here but the cheesesteaks are rather disappointing.  Hot steaks and onions grilled then placed on slices of cold cheese and bread.  End result is a lukewarm sandwich.  I like my sandwiches tight and hot, not loose and greasy.  If you're a fan of Potbelly's  you would be pretty disappointed at Jim's.Great steaks! Not greasy like others tend to be. Line can get long at times but it does move quick.  Make sure you bring cash I don't believe they accept credit cardsThe one and only.  The three best in Philly are Jim's, Steve's and Chinks.  Okay why these three, well, it's because of consistency and I have religiously eaten in these establishments over the past 10 years with attempts to the other big players.  Additionally, they all reheat well in the oven wrapped in some foil ( 7 mins at 400).   Another key is that they lines move very fast and the customer service is decent.  My recommendation.....steak double wit and provo.....Good Eats!!!!!!Best cheese steak in Philadelphia Jims steaks all day definitely better than pats and genos. There other location in Northeast Philadelphia on Bustleton Avenue make some good cheese steaks tooThis is my favorite steak sandwich in the city. Sometimes its hard to find a seat during lunch. Also you know its good when the line is around the block. Hoagies are good also..Great, the line moved quickly and there is a little spot to eat upstairs.  The staff was nice and the food very good.  3 of the 6 meals we ate in Philly that weekend were cheese steak. It was reasonable and the quirky drink choices made it fun.  We had cartons of ice tea which pleasantly washed down our cheese steak.Messing up making a cheesesteak is like messing up making a pizza. There are only 3 ingredients. So they only get 4 stars for it being a easy meal to make. Nothing special except for all the tourists. Sure there are better places to get a cheesesteak but please don't start comparing this place to Pats and Ginos. All three are about the same and are up there on top of the must visit tourist stops for a cheesesteak but you could go to probably 300 pizza places in Philly and get a equal or better quality cheesesteak.Here is my clear concise detailed review:
Wait time: about 35 minutes. Line was long but it moved fairly fast
Food: Philly steaks were very good but... I was with a party of 6 and we all agreed the meat lacked seasoning. I also recommend doubling​
up on the cheese because the cheese felt lost in there.
Service: it was okay but it is not what you come here for. 
Price: it was fairly priced. No need to bust up the piggy bank to come eat here
Overall: good sandwiches but I have had better. Is it worth waiting 30 minutes? Probably notDon't waste your time here. If you want the real philly experience, go to Pats, Tony Luke's or Gino's. Jim's doesn't do it. Jim puts out a dry, flavorless sandwich. I hate seeing the mound of precooked meat and onions. I don't get it. Why have it all precooked? Or why even show all the precooked ingredients? I saw some flies hanging on in the steak pile....nasty. 1 star for the history, 1 star for making a cheesesteak.One with whiz and fried onions. Try that first and go from there.
You have to know the lingo here or else the guys here will burn you. Hands down better then Pat's or Geno's. Still very touristy but for very good reason! Expect a long wait.
Its cramped downstairs, but there is an upstairs dining area with seating and benches. Great atmosphere with autographs and pictures of celebrities on the walls. Sodas, iced tea, and canned beer available for cheap.- Cash only, but don't worry, there's an ATM on the inside right by the front door, should you find yourself in that predicament. 
I'm giving Jim's 4 stars, however there are a few caveats. Firstly, as douchey as this is going to sound, I'm a cheesesteak purist, in that, a cheesesteak should have 3 things: cheese, steak, and fried onions. No more, no less. Peppers are great, I love peppers, but not on a cheesesteak, they distract from the meet and cheese. Marinara sauce? Absolutely not, maybe that makes for a good sandwich, which I doubt, but it's definitely not a cheesesteak. I do waiver slightly when it comes to cheese, I'll allow Wiz or American, but none of that crazy provolone stuff, save that for the roast pork sandwich. But I digress, Jim's is doing a better cheesesteak than most of Philly, not better than Joe's or Dalessandro's, but better than most. The one place where I think Jim's goes wrong is they're slightly weak with the cheese, especially the American. They also don't mix the cheese into the steak, it goes on the bread, cold, which doesn't allow it to melt all that well. 
My trick to getting the best out of Jim's, and overall, a pretty damn good cheesesteak is to order extra cheese, either double American, or, the wild card, American and Wiz, never double Wiz though, that's just madness. Anyway, with the extra cheese order, I think you get the perfect ratio of meat to cheese, and definitely a cheesesteak worthy of 4 stars, order a regular, and expect to get an average 3 star kind of cheesesteak. Better yet, drive a little farther to Dalessandro's, and indulge yourself in absolute cheesesteak perfection.Eh, A-OK is a pretty accurate statement. I liked it, but I wouldn't go back.Cheese steaks are cheese steaks, right? Wrong.  These cheese steaks are a true Philly experience.  It's worth the wait, I promise.  (Unless you are a vegetarian.)  Make sure you try it with whizz.  Sounds gross, tastes spectacular.BEST IN PHILLY. Stopped by 4 places in Philly to see which was the best Jim's was by far the best, and also the nicest people. The Hyped up places were rude and didn't even have the food to back it up. Definitely the best one try it for yourself and I guarantee it'll be your favorite place!YAY! I loved Jim's. I know that there are a lot of review comparing Geno's, Pat's and Jim's, so this is not going to be one of those reviews. Of all the places I've tried for cheesesteaks, Jim's is my favorite. I think that the bread they use is definitely I believe softer than the other two places. But one thing that puts this place over the top is the inside sitting area above the shop where people are able to eat. This ventilated and AC place allows immediate enjoyment of the sandwich in a comfortable place other than outside on the scorching or cold streets.
I recommend!Got the provolone with onions and mushrooms - yum! Wish it has more seasoning/flavor in it cause its a bit bland in my opinion. Very friendly stuff. Worth the trip.The area was tough to park in.  Once we found a spot, we walked the block to Jim's Steak.  There are several old pictures signed by stars that ate there.  There was also a TV show on loop, that talked about Jim's Steaks.  My wife and I looked at the menu on the wall, and placed and order.  The steaks were done in no time.  The steak was chopped up, so that it was almost like ground beef.  I ordered mine with mushrooms. The sandwich's were around $8-9 a piece, and a $1 for a soda.  After biting into the sandwich the mushrooms had to go. They were canned mushrooms and tasted terrible.  We picked Jim's after reading reviews on Yelp, and changed our route from York, Pa back to Long Island to get a "Philly Cheesesteak".  I must say that it wasn't worth the drive.  I have eaten better Cheese Steaks at several other places in my travels that were no where near Philly.  Just my opinion.Make your order and move along! While waiting 10-15 minutes to get to the front of the line, you better get your order ready. "American with Unions" and move along, it's Philly's version of the Steak Nazi who chops up the meat. What made me like it better was seeing the guy place a slab of new beef on the table and WASH his hands before touching the bread when he was putting it together. They don't have any space, unless you go upstairs and wait another 10 minutes, but walk around the area or go around the block to Lombard, and you'll probably find a bench to sit and watch people passing by while you eat.Give this place too star because the 2 hour wait is not worth the cheesesteaks I had better cheesesteaks in njThe "cheesesteaks" here are a piece of crap !! If you like eating air/ warehouse cardboard that costs $16.00 this is the place for you. Don't be fooled by the long line, don't even melt the cheese for you , totally disappointed.This is the best steak in Philly.  Whenever a friend comes to town i tell them this is the place to go to. I almost always order 2 sandwiches. Do i feel disgusting for ordering 2 cheesesteaks? Yes. But one time I got just one and missed the taste sensation and wished i had got another one. I will never make that mistake again. One wiz wit. One wiz wit sauce.Living outside DC I've always laughed at the people who wait in line for an hour for something as basic as a cupcake. So I found it depressing to find myself waiting in line for 45 minutes for a cheesesteak at Jims. 
We arrived around noon on a Saturday to find the line out the door. It appeared to be all fellow idiot tourists like myself wanting to see what this place was all about. It wasn't all tourists though, because all of a sudden Shamiqua walks in elbowing people aside and meets her equally grotesque peer who was in line and proceeds to order 10 cheesesteaks while the rest of the line wonders wtf is going on. 
One thing I wondered about is all the photos of the quasi celebs hanging on the wall. They actually had a signed photo of an 80's raquetball player that no one has heard of or cares about. We'll call him Rufus Magee. If Joe Biden were to walk into Jim's plained clothes I guarantee not one of the staff (picture cornholio at Burger World) would recognize him, but when Rufus Magee walks in they put his signed photo on the wall. Do these clown celebs actually bring their own photos with them and request to have them put on the wall? Who knows. 
On to the sandwich. I ordered a wiz cheesesteak with onions and peppers.. Meat had good flavor, but they really skimp on the wiz and you can only taste it on alternating bites since they put it on the bottom of the roll. I did enjoy the sandwich but found it underwhelming. Go to Reading Terminal and get DiNics if you want a great sandwich that I would actually consider a value. We were actually considering getting a road sandwich.I would give a 3 stars but the service wasn't good. We ordered a cheesesteak with lettuce and tomatoe but we didn't get them. I'm so disappointed. The beef wasn't very tasteful without the cheese.So I'm not from Philadelphia. And all I wanted to do was have a Philly cheesesteak while I was in town. I've heard of Geno's and Pats but when someone mentioned Jim's I was a little skeptical.
I was wrong to be skeptical! This place was awesome! The food had a great taste and the service was fast and friendly. 
There's lots of seating upstairs and it's located on south street so there's lots of interesting people watching you can do from your seat upstairs. 
Overall I would say that Jim's is head and shoulders above Geno's. If you have to choose, choose Jim's.This was recommended by a local friend. I said I want a real Philly Cheese steak. When I got up to the cook to order, I said I came all the was from San Francisco to have THIS cheese steak. I got the steak, provolone, pepper's and onion. I have to say, it hit the spot. A good amount of meat and very tender and tasty.Don't really understand why there's such a long line for dry crumbly beef on a carbohydrate vessel.  Meh, maybe I'm doing it wrong.Best cheesesteak in Philly!! Don't be fooled 
Chopped,with onions, provolone. DELICIOUS!!
Also GET A DR. BROWN CREAM SODA.Enjoyed every bite of our Philly Cheese Steak. Even tough the lines were long, it was fun to watch the people, read the posts on the wall and listen to the music. The turnover worked well so that we easily found seating upstairs.  A thoroughly enjoyable experience.Just what I needed. Our first time in Philly and so glad we stopped in. The bread is perfect and the meet is tender. Must see while in Philly!Great cheesesteak!  I tried Pat's and it just doesn't compare. Jim's bread was fresher and the onions were grilled to perfection. My friend from UPenn recommended this place as well as the front desk attendant at my hotel. I was not disappointed.Is wasn't the worst and it was far from the best. Not worth the wrap around lines. Personally I didn't enjoy the steak but I was still a cool exprience for my girlfriend and I none the less. Like with many of the famous cheesesteak shops in philadelphia go elsewhere if you looking for a good cheesesteaks.I've been going to Jim's since about 2006.  Every time has been phenomenal, but this most recent time was a let down.  The experience was closer to a 3-star but I can't penalize Jim's after my first less than great experience in nearly 10 years.  Not sure how it happened, but the bread was kinda soggy and it kinda took away from the rest of the sandwich.  Still, I'll absolutely be back again, standing in that long-@$$ line that wraps around the corner... Better luck next time Jim's.  
On another note, I recently tried Steve's on Bustleton.  It easily beat Jim's this go around, and with ZERO wait.  It's just further from downtown but I will say it's easily worth the trip if you are trying to pop your Philly cheesesteak cherry.My favorite cheesesteak in Philly. I recommend with  onions and whiz. 
They move people and it is nice to see the sandwiches being cranked out but it's usually uncomfortably busy.  They have a small seating area upstairs but this is an order at the counter place. 
I've been to Geno's and Pats both are very good as well. 
I recommend all visitors make an afternoon of steaks and split one at each restaurant.I've been to this place over five times now for the past five years. Overall, the food is overrated, the facility is filthy, and the employees are mixed (some extremely rude and others very polite).  However, my experience last night prompted me to finally write a review upon which I'll never come by this place again. The gentleman next to the cashier lady who set my sandwiches on the tray was one of the most rudest restaurant employees I've encountered in my life. He was short-tempered and very unhelpful whenever I asked a question. He also scoffed at me when I had to use a large bill to purchase an extra drink. What does he expect? This place is cash only and sometimes people use up all their smaller bills. Next time, I'm just going to John's Roast Pork. The food is much better and the service top notch.Best cheese steak in Philly?  I sure hope not.  
Jim's is not better or worse than Pat's or Geno's.  It's pretty much the same thing.  I was expecting more after countless numbers of people hype Jim's as the true cheese steak over the other "tourist traps".  In my opinion, it blends in with the rest.  
My cheese steak order is the same whether I'm in NYC or Philly or Russia (This isn't Russia...Is this Russia?).  Gotta keep things consistent for control purposes.  Whiz and American With.  Yes you read that straight.  I like double cheese.  Frankly, I enjoy the cheese steaks from Shorty's in NYC better than the one at Jim's.  Is that sacrilege?  Maybe, but my Philly friend said himself that he prefers the cheese steaks from his local sandwich shop over any of the famous joints.  Next time I'll have to take him up on that because waiting in a 40 minute line for an average sandwich, just isn't worth it.
Did I hate the cheese steak here?  Absolutely not.  How can anyone hate hot meat and melted cheese on a hero?  That said, I'd still like to find that cheese steak that wow's me.  Suggestions welcome.Loved it! Thank God there wasn't a line. I'm just mad I didn't order 2 Cheesesteaks.  Definitely a must go when I go back to Philadelphia.racist ignorant rude assholes.
my friends (dating, white male, asian female, mid 20's) went to jim's for a great cheesesteak.  instead, they got one of the worst food service experiences of their life.
there are no other customers in the store.  my female friend tries to order a cheesesteak while my male friend uses the bathroom.  she gets ignored.  my male friend comes out of the bathroom, tries to place an order, and also gets ignored.  after TEN MINUTES of my male friend waiting for service under the "order here" sign, smiling, trying to be nice, trying to get the attention of one of the EIGHT people behind the counter who were alternately ignoring him, talking on their phones, snickering, or actively pointing at my female asian friend, they finally get someone's attention.
friend: "excuse me, how do i place an order?"
rude-assed guy behind the counter: "ask that guy" [points at someone on his phone, then leaves and continues to ignore my friend.]
finally, they're able to place their order.  the grill is right behind the counter.  they watch the cook go over to the "burned scraps and shit for the garbage" pile, on the corner of the grill, and take the meat from THERE.  
they serve that disgusting mess of a sandwich to my friends. 
my friends have enough pride to stay, eat half of that disgusting mess of burnt crap, and leave.
oh, by the way, just a small tip to the staff: CONDUCTING DRUG DEALS THROUGH THE STORE WINDOW WHILE CUSTOMERS ARE WAITING TO ORDER IS NOT APPROPRIATE WORKPLACE BEHAVIOR.Jim's steaks are awesome. I do like Pat's but don't like the attitude and the hefty price tag. Jim's steaks are just as good, the staff is friendly and the price is right at about $7.  The rolls are super and the steak is very tender. The upstairs seating overlooking South Street is great for people watching. Go early (before noon) to avoid the lines.This is definitely one of Philly's best cheesesteak place. I came here once for my interview, which was also my first time having a cheesesteak, so I really didn't know what kind of taste I should be expecting. But after living in this city for over 6 months and experienced other cheesesteaks, I definitely can say "Jim" makes the best cheesesteak. I got the whizz mushroom cheesesteak with no onions and my friend got the cheesesteak with onions and american cheese. Including a can of soda, it was about $11 for me, with the additional cost of mushroom and $10 for my friend. The seating area is pretty small, but I definitely recommend eating there rather then to take it home. Initially I thought I would not be able to finish it, so I asked to have half of it packed to go, which I took a photo of how messy it becomes. This place definitely have a historical past, the walls are filled with signatures of professional athletics, actors, singers, and many others.
I really am not a huge fan of cheesesteak, but if I must have one, I would definitely go to Jim's.
FYI: cash only. There is an ATM inside.Dont get me wrong the cheesesteak was good...but there was simply not enough cheese on it...and the service was kind of rude...if I would be in the area again...sure I would go there again..but I would order extra cheese otherwise its too dry for my taste. But would I go for a drive too get this? No.Can't say that Jim's is super consistent...
When Jim's steaks are good they can be very, very good, but when they're bad...they can leave you glistening with greasy shame-filled feelings and cartoonishly undulating lines of onion-stench.
That being said, today Jim's Steaks did my rum-soaked bones right...today. My steak was juicy and cheesy and this time the roll was NOT soaked wet with gray grease... Hooray for being delicious. I guess that's why we go back now and then. Cheesesteak hangover cures in close proximity, and sometimes they're just tasty as can be...
This would be more like a 2.5 stars circumstance, I'm thinkin... Extra half star given for saving my hide on an occasion or two...5 stars and this is the pinnacle of cheesesteak.
zenith, apex, summit, top, it just doesn't get better, neva!
i lived for these when i wanted the real deal. if I was ever on south, i always got one. sick that someone ate at least 22 of them in 20 minutes i think, but more power to them.   ive tried everyone in philly and rate this the one worth going to if you want to know what defines what a steak is about.
bread is right, steak is on and the whiz iz whiz.
we agree! now shake my hand! shake it now..1..2..3.yes we agree!
jims #1 in eva!Whenever I pass by south street this is usually packed.  I like this place but I think their cheese steak was a little salty last time I came and the meat was. OT as generous aS the others. Despite it all they pack the cheese steak well and easy for me to bring it to ny to share. One thing is that you can enjoy the cheese steak all year round despite the elements."It's a lot more convenient to just go here for some cheese steaks if you are in town because it's on the hustle bustle of South Street. You can get two things down if you don't have the time to do the Pat's and Geno's tasting.
Looks like a normal diner from the outside.
Line moves fairly quickly.
We went for the heck of it and loved it!
We think the EXTRA WHIZ did it though.
So make sure to ask for EXTRA whiz.
Nothing else on top. Lots of options but don';t do it."Forgo the more traditional choices of Gino's and Pat's for this S. Philly gem, and don't forget the cheese wiz!Giving 2 stars because I can't give 2.5 and giving 3 is just too much.
My choice when you consider the tourist cheesesteak spots. I'd much rather go to a small mom&pop's store for cheesesteaks but when I have some people from out of town who are dying to try an "authentic philly cheesesteak" i'd rather much prefer to take them here. The onions here are at least caramelized as opposed to heated up and slightly browned. Plus their drinks selection with varying sodas and juices is way better.Found a hair in me food. A long curly black hair. Pretty disappointed offered a refund or a new sandwich. Took the refund seemed to be the norm pretty disappointed. Things do happen, more upset I missed out on a classicRecommended by the doorman at the Monaco - and it has earned him a good tip ;). Line out the door on arrival signaled a special spot - don't be discouraged if you encounter the same - it moves quick. When ordering, keep it simple (don't over-cheese) and add hot peppers!!! Absolutely the most delicious cheese-steak, bar none! We are at the counter - only downside is limited space and non-existent hospitality. Guess when you make the best sandwich ppl will put up with a kick in the ass... I did and loved it!Fast, efficient and delicious. The complimentary hot peppers are a great addition. They have a great vegetarian option for your non-meat eating friends.Not a huge fan of cheesesteaks (hence the three stars), but this is probably the best place I've tried so far in Philly.  And there's plenty of people watching out on the street, so it's worth a trek out if you're not from the area.I should start by saying that I used to love Jim's when I was in high school which is quite some time ago...  I should also say that I haven't eaten red meat for about 8 years.  So how can I review a cheesesteak place?  Well, it started when my Philly raised, LA living, brother was coming through town for a few hours.  I thought we may go someplace nice, but no, he was set on getting a regular old greasy cheesesteak.  Gianna's was closed, (where I knew I could find something good) so with Jim's being nearby we headed over there.  It was late and empty, but it was still incredibly slow and the staff had the WORST attitude I've encountered in a long time.  A friend of my brother's was with us, and he had never been to Philly.  I was completely mortified. I tried to explain that while hospitality isn't our forte, usually people do more than grunt at you and then look at you like they want you to die. Anyway, they didn't like their cheesesteaks (and my brother has never been too picky about cheesesteaks) and I was left with the vegetarian sandwich which was basically a bunch of canned mushrooms and some peppers drowned in pizza sauce.  My fond memories of Jim's are erased forever. Sigh.Having previously tried Pat's, Geno's, and Tony Luke's, when I heard of Jim's I knew I had to see how they stacked up. The differences: Jim's steak is more finely chopped and they don't seem to have any fries. They don't have as many people working there and only one person making the sandwiches which slowed things down.
 People wanna fight and choose sides over who has the best cheesesteak in Philly, but in the end its just a cheesesteak. They all taste about the same with minor differences. So its really about location. There are a lot of businesses and things to do surrounding South St. as opposed to the competition but its probably also harder to find parking in that area if you are driving there.Welcome to the City of Brotherly Love... or actually NOT!  Not very welcoming at all.
We had just arrived in Philly and went to Jim's for lunch. We ordered our food which was OK and went upstairs to eat it and read our newspaper. After 15 to 20 minutes we had finished eating but were still enjoying our drinks when we were told to leave to free up the table and chairs. We explained that we were keeping an eye on the other tables and since there were still a number of open tables we were lingering a bit (though it's a stretch to call it lingering when it had only been 15 to 20 minutes since we sat down.)
We honestly would have cleared out once we saw that our table was needed by others coming upstairs  but weren't given a chance since the owner or manager or whatever harassed us into leaving then and there.When folks come from out of town and I want to take them to get a great Philadelphia cheesesteak I take them to Jim's. I think they serve other things too...but why would you want anything else?I came here to experience my first Philly cheesesteak. And I'm so, so glad I did.
We came late at night- midnight or so. The fact this place operates so late is incredible. Despite the huge line of drunk kids in their 20's (that went by surprisingly fast), all of the employees had the best attitudes and mood. I've been to plenty of late night food places and none of them have been this unfazed by loud annoying people. 
I brought my professional camera with me and started recording one of the cooks making my sandwich. He put a huge smile on and even put it up to the camera for a closeup shot. I love how easygoing this place is!
Now to the important part- the sandwich. It was seriously fantastic. The bread was just as crispy as it should be, the ingredients were fresh and delicious, something that is often compromised late at night, and I couldn't get enough of it. 
Also, bonus points for selling yoohoo's and other fun beverages. Alcohol was also on the menu. 
The only downside to this place is that it's cash only. I don't understand how businesses can still operate this way. I rarely carry cash on me anymore. Please get credit card machines.
I'll most certainly be back here every time I visit Philly.I think people put up too high expectations when it comes to regional food. It's a cheesesteak for god sakes, it's supposed to be grubby and soggy and wonderfully tasty whiz-like send you to the bathroom sort of way.
I remember going here every time I came to visit friends at Drexel, usually it was the first thing I happened upon on South Street anyway. It's not the most convenient place I'll give people that; the lines are long and the place has a grimy tiled cafeteria vibe to it. But the great sogginess cannot be denied, that's actually all I look for in a cheesesteak and their hero bread took nicely to the meat juices.Of all the cheese steaks I've had in Philadelphia, Jim's is by far the best. Don't get me wrong I'm all for organic cherries and banana apples or whatever the hell but the Cheez Whiz steak at this place is mind bogglingly awesome. get it with sauteed onions and shrooms and you will not be disappointed. Resist the urge to get provolone instead; try the Cheez Whiz.Not impressed....waited in line 20 minutes...they got or order wrong and no place to sit down...sandwich was okay but no flavor....also didn't know until we arrived that only take cash....did not live up to expectationsI feel like their cheesesteaks would be much better if they weren't so slammed but my friends and I weren't blown away despite waiting in line for an hour. I thought it was weird the cheese was not on top and wasn't melted on. The cheese was basically overpowered to where you could only taste the meat. I'm sure this is like a sin, but I enjoy Jersey Mike's much better (the chain). I did like the old fashioned soda and the view from the window though! Despite how packed the downstairs was, it was easy to find a table at that window.What Up Philly !?    Love Em Steak and Cheese at Jim's !!
We asked the folks at the Omni hotel where we can get a GREAT PHILLY STEAK sandwich... and they pointed us 5 blocks down to Jim's.  Well worth the walk !
This place was great... very large and fun...the servers and managers were funny and helpful... and they took great care in wrapping up my food leftovers... I mean they double wrapped it with a side of love...that was a nice touch ...
Awesome Steak and Cheese... with mushrooms... cannot miss  !
We tried a steak and cheese at the airport the next day... NOT EVEN CLOSE to Jim's... Jim's the best !!What else can you say: It's a Philadelphia icon! No trip to the City of Brotherly Love is complete without getting a cheesesteak. And, for me, there's only one place to go: Jim's. Everything you love about a cheesesteak is here, even down to three different kinds of cheese.
Be forewarned: Cash only!I finally got the taste of one of the true Philadelphian cuisines - Jim's Steak on 400 South Street. Well, I cannot compare the vegetarian cheesesteak with the real cheesesteak because the beef is the true jewel for those carnivores. But, really it was very delicious. The whiz cheese was the icing of my lunch. And oh my goodness, the view was amazing especially the South Street. I wish I could spend more time there but we newbies were on duty and had to leave after our hearty lunch. 
Speaking of the South Street, I couldn't believe my eyes and saw so many cool stores. I will have to make one weekend available so I can explore there and see what they have to offer. Also, I learned that there is a Whole Foods Market on the same street, so I would make a good excuse and go to the South Street then end up at WFM and do the food shopping there. 
Perfect.Best cheesesteak in Philly, hands down. I prefer the meat chopped up pretty fine, and Jim's abides. Great roll, awesome meat, peppers and onions on point- it's all there. No need to look further for an awesome cheesesteak.It has been such long time since I visited, since I'm just not much of a fast-food, greasy person..My regimen, being on it, for long time, doesn't do well with grease anymore. When I did go, got smallest cheese-steak available, it was actually very good,. The rolls made it, but it sure Paid me back-later, when my insides said" Hell No, what are you feeding me??" All in all, good, I don't have a favorite one to go, just know not to go to the Shitty one with neon blinking lights in S. Philly .(G***'s) Here in S. Jersey-couple good places make good cheese steaks , too.. But I don't go looking for them. Not my arson to go to.The real deal. I got mine with provolone on the bottom and whiz on top with onions. Very good, authentic.3.5 stars.
Two words, pescetarians: tuna sub.
Three letters, vegetarians: S.O.L.
So what's a non-meat eater doing writing a review of Jim's?  Well, this is for all you other non-meat eaters out there who've been asked to tag along with your carnivorous friends and are scurred you'll starve.  I've been to Jim's several times on several trips to Philadelphia -- friends love Jim's, husband loves Jim's -- doing recon for you folks.  And I actually kinda love it, too.  Why?
1) It's on bustling, vibrant South Street.  It doesn't get much more convenient than that.
2) Standing in a line circling the block with hundreds of others waiting for their taste of tuna (what? aren't we all in line for the tuna?) builds a fun little sense of community.  I've waited in line in the dour sleet of February, the welcome balm of July, and waltzed right into Jim's with no line.  It's all an experience.
3) People build this place up like the workers rival the Soup Nazi's exacting expectations and precision preparation.  I find the staff who work here full of brotherly love and much-needed efficiency.
4) I enjoy the butterflies in my stomach as the anticipation builds: "Will we get a seat upstairs or not?  Will there be space?  I'm willing to throw some elbows or take out a kid or two."  Inevitably, space always seems to open just as you stumble up the stairs.
5) My dining companions always rave about the cheesesteaks, and I heart the bread.
6) Tuna fish for non-meat eaters.  'Nuff said.
[15 Minutes of Fame: "Rachael Ray's $40 a Day" and "Man v. Food" (Philadelphia Cheesesteak)]It is my first time in Philly and I definitely wanted to get a Philly cheesesteak. We were asking for recommendations and a cop on the street recommended this spot over Pat's and Gino's which is heavy advertised and we were going to go too, but since this was closer my friends and I decided to try it. This is by far the best decision we have made since being in Philly. Staff very friendly and food is AMAZING. Seating upstairs so you can sit and enjoy. The line was out the door but it was definitely worth the wait.Hands down the best cheese steak in Philly. Must have with Cheese Whiz. Always has a line but worth the wait.Always disappoints. As the cabbie who picked us from jims said in between bites of his (far superior) cheesesteak from pats, jims steaks are dry, the bread acceptable, and the employees rude. Not many reasons to come here with so many better options available.Took my in-laws here who came all the way from Japan. They gave us the driest meat I suppose because we looked like tourists or something. Could get better ones in the suburbs, maybe even Subway. Totally overrated or are just racist dumbasses.philadelphia, the city of brotherly love. the first meal i had was Jim's whiz wit with a yuengling on the side. I gotta to say Jim's steak was pretty good. I've had been to PAT"S and GENO'S before when i was in college but i think Jim's is the best steak in town. The line was LONG and you better make sure what you want and say it RIGHT (cheese whiz wit whit it).Philly's BEST cheese steak you can get! And on South St., which is always a fun night! Order wit whiz, onions, mushroomsListen, I'm from Chicago...We have Kuma's and Hot Doug's. People wait 2+ hours for a burger or hot dog, respectively. I knew exactly what I was getting myself into visiting Jim's and I'm glad I gave it a try!
But you go because you MUST try these places. They have a wait and draw tourists for a reason as a local specialty.
In Chicago we have a place, Philly's Best, that I first discovered 10 years ago and it was love at first bite. That was my first introduction to a Philly Cheesesteak. A sandwich epiphany of sorts. My taste buds were all like...now THAT'S a steak sandwich!!!
Of course when I found out I was heading to Philly...cheesesteaks were on my mind. I hoped to try all 3 tourist traps during the weekend, but due to convenience and a time crunch...Jim's was the winner and only cheesesteak I tried while in Philly.
When I arrived on a Sunday afternoon, the line was only 2 people out the door. By the time I was able to order, the line extended down the block. I was lucky that I had good timing. After a 20 minute wait we were able to order our sandwiches. 
At Philly's Best I always get my cheesesteak with American cheese. I had to do the same at Jim's, that was the control group combo :)
My sandwich was good. It was pretty much what I was expecting. I really liked the bread (much softer than the imitations we have in the Windy City), but I would have liked my onions a little more well done.  
I don't have much to compare Jim's to, but as a tourist with few cheesesteak experiences under my belt...I'm happy I tried Jim's. If you're a n00b like me, I recommend doing the same.
Dear Philly: I promise I'll try more places next time I am in town!First visit to Philly, best got dam cheese steak in town. No parking long lines but worth it.After checking out Pat's and Geno's and seeing that the line was absolutely ridiculously long, we decided to go to Jim's instead. Line seemed shorter but still waited for 45 minutes to get 8 Philly cheesesteaks for the family. It was 3/5 stars for the food itself - meat was not seasoned enough for our taste and not very juicy. Staff was friendly and the place is very clean. I believe they have some seating areas but we did not check those out. 
The most annoying part is that it's CASH ONLY. I just don't get how such places exist in our day and age. Seriously though. 8 sandwiches plus couple drinks adds up to about 100 bucks.Greasy yummy goodness. We always come here when we're in Philly. Can't go wrong with the steaks, all 3 types of cheese, grilled onions, mushrooms and peppers. So worth the wait.