They do cheesesteaks - inexpensive and classic.
Nevermind the down-and-out surroundings, you're in the right place.
Just a friendly pointer from a former Cheez Whiz critic - don't hate! Provolone may be a prettier word, but its just watered-down Swiss. After finally trying my first Whiz-steak, I see why PA stands behind it.Three generations, soon to be four, have had the pleasure eating Jim's Steaks and Hoagies over the years.  I've had cheesesteaks from all over the world from Singapore to LA and no one can compare to these guys. Just last week I made a 6 hour round trip just to get my cheesesteak fix.  From the roll, to the fried onions that caramelize on the grill all day to the Whiz.....Jim's is hands down the best!This place is pretty dope but here are a few tips
1. Order pick up -  The wait here seems crazy !! Only day you'll find a spot is a cold Sunday.
2. CASH ONLY !
3. If your inside they have a few more seats upstairs.
4. Order extra Wiz on EVERYTHINGIt was solid, but the toppings are cold... canned or boiled mushroom thrown on top and not heated, etc. 
I found Ishkabibble's down the way muchhh better!The question usually comes down to: Geno's or Pat's?  Well, I am pleased to tell you that you can stop rattling your brain over such a moronic question.There's no need to buy into this feud between dueling "quality" cheese steak establishments. Screw which one's better. Does it really matter when neither of them make the best cheese steak in the city to begin with?
You all know where Jim's Steaks is and if you don't, just walk along South Street and look for a long-@ss line. People often ask me, "Is it worth the wait?" Well, let's see. Do you want your taste buds to scream in sweet, sweet (or savory, savory) ecstasy? I'm assuming you're on Yelp because you do. I suggest bringing along a Jim's vet to help you with the order. You need to be loud, confident, and on point. The cooks are actually really nice guys; show them respect and they will provide you with a delicious meal.
Geno's or Pat's? Geno's or Pat's? Avoid the petty competition and just go to Jim's.
Peace.The 1st thing I noticed and tasted was the mixed burned meat with freshly cooked meet. They tend to let the meet sit and burn. My girl friend asked for fried onions 3 times and they still attempted to serve the steak without onions. The beer was warm and the wait was way to long for such a short line. Oh! We wanted to ask a question and they  would give us stupid answers trying to anticipated what we were trying to ask. We never got an answer to our question. I think the worst thing was that as they were cooking our steaks some of the staff was eating Chinese takeout. Why?I was visiting from Miami,Florida and wanted to eat a good Philly cheese steak. I asked everyone I saw walking by where the best Philly cheese steak was. Most people said "Jims Steak's".So When I went there was a line to the exit. But most people said the line goes fast. 
It was true we were at the front door in less than ten minutes. when I got the cheese steak I went up stairs and ate the whole thing in 7 minutes! It was that good. After when I left I was thinking that that was so Delicious. So I went back and got another one.The Cheesesteaks were awesome, the size were huge. Only thing is that the places is in a weird neighborhood and there's no real place to seat an eat. Next time I go to Philly I will definitely try this place again.Was a visitor and this place was referenced many times. 
I tried the cheese steak and  I honestly wasn't impressed.
It seemed like the meat was watered down or something...
Was lacking flavor big time.. I never put salt or pepper on my food.
Other then that it was ok... I just felt I could get it anywhere else you know? 
Lots of history there and maybe at one point it use to be really good.Delicious cheese steaks!!  Extremely helpful people behind the counter :).  This was my first meal in Philly and it will not be forgotten.had a steak with provolone/onions/mushrooms.  while it was good, didn't have my jaw dropping.  Maybe it was the hype that everyone was telling me about, and the anticipation of the long line that always wrapped around the corner that i wanted it to be out of this world.  Would i come back, maybe.  but if i had a choice between jims and its neighbor across the street, i'd choose the neighbor that sells the gremlins. 
There is seating upstairs.  Cash only, and drinks are in cans or bottles.Not the nices establishment but they make a damn good cheese steak and it's worth the trip!Wow...I've never been to this 62nd st. location! Never even knew it was there. Anyway, the Jim's I usually go to (at 4th & South) is, in my opinion, the best cheesesteak in the city. No...it really is. Pat's is just like everyone else, and I've got way too many cold steaks from Geno's. They're both for tourists! Jim's has always given me a fresh roll, and a well-seasoned steak. The american cheese is extra tasty as well. The sandwich is rather non-greasy (it's probably the healthiest cheesesteak in the city too). But lets not get carried away here...it still a cheesesteak!  I definitely have to stop by this location next time (I assume this is the original location)?    And lastly, the one in Springfield is not up to par. The rolls are stale and/or soggy, and the steaks are just not the same. Keep it up Jim!My friends and I rode to Philadelphia after being advised that the party scene was great.Upon our arrival we realized that everything in Philadelphia closes early. We then went on a quest to find a great philly cheese steak. We were told that "Jim's" was the place to go. Of course when we got there it was closed. We begged to be let in for about 10 mins. The owner was nice enough to let us in. Let's just say the food was awesome. The customer service was great and the people were nice. I would recommend Jim's to everyone as they treated use like family. The only downside is that they didn't have any bbq sauce, but other than it it was great.Ok. We were in town from NYC for a couple nights and wanted to try one of the famed cheesesteaks. We've tried Pat's, and it was fine, so this time we decided to try Jim's. The sandwiches were 'OK'. Honestly, the meat just needed to be seasoned. Some salt would have really helped it out tremendously. Don't think we'd go back.Great cheesesteak! Cook really knows her stuff! Fresh ingredients and efficient process! Will come back again! FYI! It's a cash only place.The locals all know that this is THEE best cheese steak on the face of the planet.  Pat's and Geno's?? Pshhhhhhhhhh. get outta mah FACE!
I've been going to Jim's for the past 7 years or so, ever since my sister went to college in Philadelphia.  The bread is crusty, fluffy, and soft.  The steak meat is fresh, moist, and decadent.  The Cheese whiz is gooey, salty, melty and cheesy....... Pair this with a yoohoo and you will be in heaven!!!!
All I got left to say is:  You haven't had a real cheese steak til you had Jim's!!!As someone who doesn't eat a lot of meat, I still HAVE to come here whenever I'm in Philadelphia. The meat is cooked thoroughly and chopped pretty finely; the onions are grilled; and the cheese whiz (*get extra whiz!*) ties it all together. Also, the bread is fresh and chewy. 
Just a note: Know what you want before ordering, and have cash ready. Don't forget to get a Yuengling!Alright, so I just scrolled down the entire first page, only to find ratings no less then 4 stars. I guess im the only one that did not have a good Jim's Steaks experience.
All I remember is traveling by Amtrak to Philadelphia from New York, only to wait in a long line for a crappy, soggy, oily philly cheesteak (okay, maybe thats not all I came to Philly for). I think the worst part about it was the fact that they used CANNED mushrooms ! Double yuck.
I went to Pat's a few weeks ago, howere, with my mom and aunt, and I must say, I actually enjoyed their cheesteak much more. I don't know.. maybe Jim's Steak was just an unfortunate luck of the draw.Best Philly cheesesteak hands down!
Delicious, not greasy. 
With that being said its not in a great part of town. Couldn't keep me from coming back though.When in Philly, you must, must, must get a Philly cheesecake and I head that this place is one the best! Before you get to the door you can smell the amazingness outside. The line was out the door but it moved very fast. Loved the guy at the front that was taking orders, he has clearly been doing this for a while and was super fast with it. Know what you want before you get up there! It's a very small place and looks wise, it's nothing special at all but the the food didn't disappoint, very good! Great staff as well.GREAT! lots of meat and i like the way they chop up the meat...you can add mushrooms and onions if you want which make the cheesesteak taste so much better! Anyone that visits me here will definitely expect a visit to Jim's!Jim's cheesecteaks is still the best I've ever tasted! I will go out of my eay to get a cheesesteak and fries from Jim's on public transportation! I don't eat many cheesesteaks like I used to do but Jim's is still the best in my opinion. I used to live near the store so I could walk there anytime, but since I don't anymore I will still catch public transportation or UBER to get one. You gotta try it at least once. You  be will become addicted !I have to be fair. Jim's was only three stars. Their cheese steaks are great. I enjoyed mine but I had to wait in line for an hour. That means something. I simply can't give Jim's the treatment some feel it deserves.
1.) Dirty. For the most part you can tell they made an attempt to make the upstairs nice but with all their business I would think they would reinvest in their bathrooms and in places where the customer walk (like on the way to the up stairs which is through the kitchen and kind of gross). 
2.) No fries. I was craving double fried fries with this. It would have been a match made in heaven. But instead I got just a bag of chips and a canned soda. The soda selection was great though!
3.) My wife didn't like how they didn't seem to saute the mushrooms and I have to agree...I didn't even taste them. Also a little bit more mayo or cheese would have been nice.
The cheese stakes are good. But don't expect to be filled after standing in line so long, and don't expect to be blown away. Geno's and Pat's don't seem to do well either. I would recommended Delesandro's outside of the city in Roxborough!great place onions cooked nicely browned to perfection. ..steak nice and tender place looked nice and clean. ..meat was pink and fresh in a container  she was cooking
i got provolone...get salt and pepper makes it perfect.. provilone nicely melted awsome sandwich  
order at window where she is cooking...
not at register.If you haven't been to Jim's yet you are missing out! Best Philly cheesesteak hands downIf you like your cheesteak minced and greasy, this place is pretty good. The peppers were cold and probably a few days old. Got the cheesesteak with provolone, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. A good hearty mess but nothing to write home about. Walking distance from Society Hill made it convenient. The upstairs and downstairs seating is nicer in colder weather. Maybe should try Tony Luke's or Pat's.Its all about the chEEeEeeEEEse....whiz. 
Whenever I visit Philly, Jim's Steaks is an absolute must visit.  No questions, comments, or obstacle, go to Jim's to get a cheesesteak wid the whiz, mushrooms, onions, and peppppers!  You will not regret.I was recommended this location by a local, and it was pretty awesome. I mean, I guess cheesesteaks aren't normally my cup of tea, so I can't say it changed my life or anything, but my trip to Philly was definitely better having made a stop at Jim's.  The wait was about 30 minutest, and i'm assuming that it usually is.Listen... I don't give a CRAP about Pat's or Gino's. THIS is where it's AT, homies!
Driving through the ghetto to get here is just part of the charm but once you see those black tiles, you're home! This is a long, narrow building with basically just standing room to eat. That's ok because the cheesesteak is so worth it! 
I ordered mine with mushrooms, onions, and provolone. The bun was the perfect soft fluffiness that encased the juicy meat and accompaniments that I ordered with a nice melted provolone. Add a can (or bottle) of beer and you're all set! Can you get any better than this? I'm not so sure! And I really enjoyed watching them cook it as well. Of course I always add hot sauce to mine but to each his own! 
It's in your best interest to go off the beaten path and visit Jim's!I sat on a bus for 2 hours and then trekked through the rain for one reason: to enjoy a real Philly cheesesteak for the first time in my life.
Rather than taking a cab to Pat's and Geno's, our local tourist guide brought us to Jim's Steaks. Walking up to Jims (a mere 6 blocks that was more of a mere 20), it hits all of the right heart-thumping tourist traps.
- Line running out the door (even in the rain)
- Signed photos of celebs on the wall
- 4+ star review on Yelp
- Simple menu
- Loud man behind the counter barking for your order
"Uh oh," I thought as I crossed my fingers and ordered, "Cheesesteak with whiz and mushrooms, please." Hands flew as the man quickly opened a bun, slathered some cheese whiz on it, and flipped some cooked steak onto the roll before dumping a mountain of onions and then mushrooms atop the growing pile of deliciousness.
I paid for that sucker and sprinted upstairs to score a seat at a table. And that's where the beauty of it all began. I bit into the cheesesteak and a huge YUM hit me right in the kisser. Happiness consumed me on the spot, and I was the 2nd (out of the 6 of us) to finish their cheesesteak (losing only to Tim M, who to be fair, was /starving/). 
While I haven't had other Philly cheesesteaks IN Philly, I'm not sure if I'd be willing to risk trying another place. Jim's makes my taste buds dance, so why risk forcing them to be wallflowers at another mediocre place? 5 stars for Jim's!I second just about everything Brian J said, since well we were on the same visit...
South Street Jim's... skip it.  A waste of time. The line at the South Street location was probably 30-40 people long when we were there on a Monday.  And it wasn't moving at all.  Someone told us it wasn't touristy.  That person needs glasses.
So skip the south Street Jim's.  Come here instead.  It's a 10 minute drive from the South Street location (GPS recommended if you're not from the area!).  The same food is $1-3 less a sandwich at this less touristy location, so the cost of gas is offset even!  ...It seems like public transit even gets you less than a block away if you're in for a real deal adventure (it was via old school street car, though a new train line is being constructed there as well).
The food itself... I'm no expert on Philly cheesesteaks, so I don't know how much I can comment on that... But we were told by a few (including checking here on Yelp) that they had the best, and those people are probably right.  We had a few hours road trip to follow so we skipped the onions, but next time I really want onions on mine!
The staff was really nice.  I get the idea they've probably been around there awhile.Very overrated here.  We are out of towners and we had three Philly cheesesteaks on our stage and by far these were the worst.I do not understand the enthusiastic reviews of this establishment. A bad neighborhood combined with a greasy cheesesteak make for a totally forgettable experience. Extremely disappointing.well the meat was tasteless, the 'cook" forgot the wiz.  Not worth the visit...Jim's is on par with Pat's steaks in my mind. 
Jim's take on the cheesesteak is breaking the meat into small pieces which cooks differently and obviously faster. I find it a bit more moist than Pats. 
Great bread and the guys cooking are always entertaining.  
Second floor seating area for 25-35 with a view of South street for great people watching, and some standing room spots on the first floor for those on the go.Excellent! People are friendly and kind, always a pleasure. . Best cheesesteaks in Philadelphia!Good peppers and sharpe provolone. Standing in line outside and around the corner not so cool.Bland City. Recently relocated to Philly from NY, and naturally a good cheesesteak was something I've really been looking forward to. What a disappointment. At least the service was fast, efficient and friendly. That is always something I appreciate greatly. But the cheesesteaks themselves... Just no flavor whatsoever. The cheese was virtually a non-presence, either because they use too little or because whatever they're using lacks taste. The meat could have been virtually anything - I don't doubt the quality of it, but it was so lacking in flavor that it could easily have been replaced with any material of a similar texture. Additionally, I was kind of stunned to see the cook pour what I believe to have been water on a mound of sizzling steak... What??? Not sure why this was done. To degrease the grill? No idea, but try adding a bunch of water to any meat you're cooking, and the result is not going to be a flavor infusion. Dry and bland, my friends. I will need to look elsewhere for the cheesesteak experience I've been coveting.Forget Pat's and Gino....besides only tourist go to those places. Real Philly Locals go to Jim's! Awesome steaks, the steak they use is lean and just enough marbling to give it great flavor. I've been a fan for years. It's truly a great steak places hands down. This coming from an uber picky eating you can trust the streaks are good (and the hoagies)so it is a sketchy area and you have to pay cash, the cheese steaks are soooo worth it! At least you don't have to stand in an impossibly long line like the one on South St.After walking into the South Street location, we knew we had to leave.  The super long line, overabundance of Midwestern tourists and autographs of annoying people on the wall (i.e. Ann Heche) made me uncomfortable.  This didn't feel like the real thing.  
We knew Pat's and Geno's were tourist traps but didn't expect Jim's to be like that.  It was.  We needed to flee.  All I could hear in my head was "Innnnnnnn West Philadelphia, born and raised...." and I knew we needed to head towards the original Jim's.  We made a quick call (from the line at Jim's on South -- just in case) to make sure they were open (Labor Day) and indeed they were.  Let's roll. 
We made it to Jim's on 62nd without too much drama .  A few block parties caused interesting re-routes that gave us a taste of the neighborhood.  I don't know Philadelphia and I don't know you, but I felt safe enough.  Hell, after walking into Jim's I felt like I'd never need to leave!  
I knew as soon as we started chatting with the employees inside that this place was getting 5-stars.  Not an attitude to be found, they made our steak with mushrooms and whiz an event to be remembered with their suggestions and sweet smiles.  I'm all for ketchup, salt and pepper, by the way.  Just thinking about it again makes my mouth water.  The bread was top notch, not the least big soggy even after we transported part of one back to Annapolis (4 meals in one day can be tough for even ME to pull off).  
Philadelphia is a city full of rich history -- don't let the fact that this is Jim's original location and that they use the same grill that was installed in 1939 get lost on you.  This is the real deal.  Oh and the prices are lower than the South Street location.  So take that Anne Heche.    
Now I know why the Fresh Prince was begging and pleading with mom day after day not  to have to kick it in Bel-Air.  He must have known about Jim's.So it's spring break and one of my destinations is Philadelphia, home of the cheesesteak. Where do I go? I go to Jim's Steaks and believe me, they really don't f*** with you there. 
It's really about as good as it gets, giant hoagie roll loaded with some really fresh meat and grilled onions (had provolone, lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise on both tries and the first try included red peppers and mushrooms). When I say that it's loaded, I seriously mean LOADED. Not only that, it was juicy. Hot damn! My only gripe was that I felt the meat lacked a bit of salt, but hey, it's got the real beef flavor, so that makes up for everything.
I think it's pretty hard to imagine how anyone can go for seconds considering how massive these things are, but metabolism be damned: I was hungry enough to go for another. Also, my friend and I are notorious for having ridiculously high metabolisms and we already found them filling on the first try. Sadly enough, I ended up giving half to my buddy. Ah well.
When I went for seconds, I think the staff were pleased since my buddy and I were very non-local; imagine a Slovak guy and an Asian girl walking in there, having driven a car with an Illinois plate off to the 'hood in a city unfamiliar to us... that should tell you how much we stood out (sound like Chris B.?). However, they're friendly folks and as far as I recall, they constantly had people in there (It was around 4 PM when we got there). To note: The place was a bit of a hole-in-the-wall and there's also an ATM available.
To conclude, I have to say that this was the biggest highlight of my trip to Philadelphia.
N.B. Found this place via Google and Yelp. Had no desire to check out touristy places like Pat's or Geno's.Looking for the holy grail of cheesesteaks? Look no further than Jims steaks on N. 62nd street in West Philly.
I have been visiting Philadelphia since the mid 80s and there's none better than Jims. This isn't no tourist trap cheesesteak joint (thats Pats and Genos), this is the real deal. This is the original location that Jim started in 1939.  
Only the best ingredients are used here. Marinated top round beef, with you're choice of wiz, provone, or American cheese. If you're looking for an authentic Philly cheese steak its gotta have whiz! They also make their own hot sauce for you're steak, plus they offer "long hots" which adds another whole layer of flavor.  Its very small inside, just a counter and a few bar stools for seating. There's also a ATM there too, Incase you run short of cash and wanna take a few steaks home to put in your freezer!
You've tried the rest....now try the best in West Philly.  Jims on N. 62nd!Forget Pat's and Geno's.  Jim's is where it's at.  Loved the upstairs dining area.  Something about the steak that I liked more than the other two.  
http://www.nadsbakery.com/2010/05/day-3-philly-cheesesteak-wars-ritas.htmlNever the judge or a juror, just a foodie....actually 3 3/4 rating.... Yees, we're alive , this place is a shout out to brotherly love, now........drum roll please.........AND THE WINNER IS Jim's Steaks at this location particularly. We went to 6 different cheesesteak spots after riding 3.4 hours Pat's King of Steaks, Geno's Steaks, Steve's Prince of Steaks,Tony Luke's Steaks, George's in the Reading Market, and Jim's Steaks, to find a clear winner , and we have , this will help you greatly if you trust our experience. On the bread , meat, cheese and toppings, and overall experience scales 1-5, this place tops all categories at 4.3 ,juicy,very flavorful ,well potioned  ,huge meaty ,everything able to be tasted, grilled taste ,fresh ingredients ,good choices, get it and run with it environment....... stellar. I could pin point each subject and give it's pro's and cons.....not necessary because any deficiencies are well compensated for by the mmms and aaahs of the sandwich as a whole, ....you taste the grill...that simply means that the stuck on bottom of the grill,  makes a hot sandwich.....hot (top notch) and all components in your bread  get juiced in , it's not messy.... but it's is a mess, it's a mess how they have this long line around the block , that before you can even start looking at your watch you're at the door,...yes... it's a mess how they have you stand there watching them prepare everyone else's sandwich to perfection,  knowing your sandwich is next, to be executed, .....and no ....that call is not coming from the governor to pardon your crimes, then they start the murder ( of my sandwich) it's almost like in the movie Gladiator, when all these competitors get in this arena of cheesesteaks,  with their menial weapons, battling to just stay alive, when Jim's place has a cause ....... it is to keep the hopes of an iconic sandwich alive.......to overcome the 76ers flat lining  live in basketball,..... to make right the wrongs of the psychotic, booing Santa Claus fans in Philly,.......... and of course............. Will Smith. Cheesesteak is all they have left people,  they need a hero...... .. Jim's Steaks,... like the Gladiator he is,  and  you can almost imagine Jim standing on the counter yelling.............. are you not entertained.COME ON...
I was in Philly for one day...
I had time for just one cheesesteak, I looked at every list imaginable and that combined with YELP, led me here...
I headed straight from the airport to their original location on 62nd... 
Being a suburban white boy I was a little uncomfortable at dusk in this neighborhood...
What happened next was life changing...
Seriously, I'm having trouble concentrating, I've got cheesesteak on the mind...
For $7 bucks I got lunch and dinner wrapped in a tasty bun, delicious finely chopped steak, cheese wiz (but you can get provolone or american), mushrooms, peppers, onions...PHENOMENAL
One of the best food experiences of my life.
As good as it gets!I went there at 12:52 to get my first cheesesteak. My friends recommended this location and we drove for 30 minutes to get here. They were closed and the lady in the front had an attitude. We watched 3 guys walk out the instant second they "closed". An hour before closing, no one wanted to serve us. So disappointed. Never again!For some strange reason, I would always wind up at one these locations during my touring days. It's safe to say, I have a cheesesteak guardian angel somewhere.
There's nothing super remarkable about Jim's, and I think that's a good thing. It goes to show that divey, late-night cravings don't need to be so pretentious.Best cheesesteak I've had & great service too. The meat is super tender and tasty, the bread is crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, and the onions made itCraved a cheesesteak for weeks prior to my trip to Philly.  Didn't know what to expect exactly but too much cant go wrong from cheese/meat/bread!  After a day if anticipation and a full day of being on our feet, the crew settled on Jims (great yelp reviews and not as touristy as pats or genos).  So tired, hungry and whiny, we got there greeted by a line.  I almost keeled over from despair and hunger.  The line went quicker than expected and it was pretty amazing to see why-ONE guy at the grill was making EVERYONE's cheesesteaks.  My provolone with was what the doctor ordered--simple meat, soft bread, melted cheese and carmelized onions.  Not super cheap ($9/person including a drink) but a fun and tasty experience.  Because of the volume of customers and the people who run it, you do feel it would be dire and extremely embarrassing to mess up while ordering.I am an out of towner, and the natives told me to check this place out.  When we drove up the line was around the building!  We were filled with anticipation.  I read the menu several times rehearsing what I was going to say so that I would pass for someone "in the know."  I failed... so oh well!  The cheesesteak won't fail me right....?  WRONG!  
At first bite, I thought what is the friggin hype?  Salt... where's the salt?  I salted my cheesesteak up...and thought, "bite number 2 here I come."  I was still left with, um... maybe my taste buds are dead!  So I cleared my pallet with some soda and thought, maybe its the size of the bite!  So, bite three... the biggest chomp I could take.  With a full mouth and steak falling out on both sides I ate, then I pondered, maybe it's me and I just don't get the steak!  
I do not deny that the place is good.  If people are willing to stand in line around the block, this joint is doing something right.  But, me...it wasn't my thing!  Give me sushi any day!Jerry's Subs makes a better Cheese Steak.. What is all the hype about it was butchered meat that was extremely dry with no flavor. Is it really hard to put some S&P before you cook something and the cheese is not melted they just stick it in your bread. The employees are rude most people that come to this place where from out of town you moron no one cares about your stupid "rules". And they only except cash really what kind of business are you running that doesn't allow you to pay with credit cards. Save your time don't wait in line for some crappy cheese steak and they don't even serve friesFar better that pats or genos will ever be....i stop jn here everytime I am in philly...the bestI had my very first cheesesteak with wiz here and I never turned back!  This place is amazing!!!  
I was told by a Philly native to eat here as it was the best cheesesteaks in town.  I was skeptical at first but when I got there, the aroma of the cheesesteaks was wafting at me from across the street.  There was a long line but it moves very quickly.  For anyone who is not a fan of wiz, they do have other selections as well.  
This sandwich was so moist and delicious and the bread was soft and chewy.  The wiz gave it just the perfect amount of saltiness but not so much that it was overwhelming.
My only complaint is that the sandwich is not as large as I hoped and I could probably eat 2 in one sitting.First time in Philadelphia, so this is my first true cheesesteak. Fabulous! The steak was sliced very thin. It was tender and juicy and flavorful and there was plenty of it. Got it with American cheese, onions, and peppers. Veggies were cooked just right: not mushy, not underdone. 
The establishment was clean. Downstairs was a little stuffy, probably because it was packed full of people waiting for their cheesesteak. Upstairs was nice. Not many tables, so this is probably not a good place for large groups. There's maybe thirty seats in the whole dining room.
The line was out the door and stayed out the door. 
The staff were all very friendly and knew their stuff. 
If I ever end up in Philadelphia again, I will definitely come back here!I always have a good time eating at Jim's.  The thrill of getting to watch your cheese steak gets make from start to finish is pretty fun. It's subway, but much more fun and steamy (from the stove).
It's a total tourist attraction, but hey, you need one in every city. Plus, where can you go to see Art Deco decoration now a day.A friend and I did a cross country trip and knew we had to try a Philly Cheese Steak. We went off reviews and honestly hours of operation. (We got there late.) But we both agreed that Jims lived up to it's reviews. Cost was decent and barely any wait at all. Solid pick and if you want to try a delish sandwich, I would eat at Jim's!First time back here in about 4 years. Great steaks second time around. Friendly cooks and fast service. The meat is cooked thoroughly and they even chop the onions smaller for you. I got a chz steak with American, wiz and pickles.Yum! Yum! YUMMMM
I got a chicken my boyfriend got steak. The best cheese steak from the friendliest guys! I loved watching them make the food also. & not much of a wait. I will definitely be returning on my next visit to Philly.Hands down my favorite cheesteak in the city. I have waited in lines 1 hour+ at 2:30am and its worth it every single time. Extra Whiz, Eztra Onions, YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPPOINTED. Disregard any negative reviews on here (As few as they are) take it from a South Philly native of 6 years that it doesn't get better than Jim's. Great product, price is the same as the rest of them, central location. What more could you ask for?A staple in Philadelphia. Their cheesesteaks are absolutely amazing. The one on 62nd isn't really a place to sit down and enjoy a meal. More like a spot to pick up your sandwich and enjoy at home. The service was great.Best steaks in philly! This place never lets me down. I like this location better than south street because they provide chicken steaks as wellYes, just yes. Good prices, and unbelievably delicious steaks. The steaks were perfect temperature and the sweet onions brought out perfect flavored, just as a good steak should be! Service was so pleasant and happy. Couldn't recommend it more! :)I think I liked Pat's better.
But I like how there's indoor seating, which is good for cold nights.Ahhh Jims... Jims is very close to my heart, been eating it since a little tyke. Ill take this jims over the other one any day, maybe im bias but oh well I digress... the steaks here are always fresh and they have some of the best hoagies the roast beef is outta sight. My steak of choice  comes with cheezewiz provolone hot peepers salt pepper ketchup & fried onions... now im home sickA lengthy review for Jim's is not needed. It's very simple: Jim's has the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, but you'll need to wait quite awhile in line to salivate over the best cheesesteak that Philly has to offer.The cook in big portion that is why i do not giv full 5 stars. But the food is extremely niceAfter wanting to visit Philly for years and years to get my hands on an "authentic" Philly cheesteak, I was sorely disappointed.
Waited in line for 2 hours, the service was rude, and the cheesesteak itself was just so-so.  I have had way better outside of Philly.  I do have to say that the cheese whiz is better than the provalone, so get that if you still must go.There are plenty of places to get a cheese steak in Philly...but why go anywhere else when you can get the best? 
The best cheesesteak in Philly, hands down. Nobody comes even close. The touristy places are garbage, and Tony Luke's has franchised so much that it looks and tastes like my high school's wet cheesesteak at this point. Jim's has more than one location, and that's because they have a great product.
And do you know what? The staff here is awesome, too! I've never been made to feel so welcome at a food establishment that didn't do table service. Absolutely wonderful people, start to finish at this place.After living in philly for 5+ years I wouldn't go elsewhere for cheesesteak. Perfection here equals soft bread au jus, choice of cheese, lean beef, mushrooms or onions are optional.We went there after recommended by a friend. 
Area is very sketchy.  We made sure to lock the car door. 
Make to order and it took time to cook.  I was fifth on line and waited for 15 minutes before my turn to order.  
We ordered the mush steak ( add cheese ) and cheese whiz steak.  
They are packed with meat.  My husband liked the mush steak.  I would like mine with more cheese sauce.  It got a little dry after a few bites.  Meat was flavorful.  
Dont expect side dishes like french fries.  They do sell bags of chips.  
Cash only.  Open late as in 2 am.  Check store hours.    
Tight space. No seats.  
Probable will try something else next time.  Tried Geno's and Pat's before.  So far Pat is at first place, Geno 2nd and Jims 3rd.Absolute garbage location. Drove 2 hours each way to get a cheesesteak. Arrived at 1am. Door was already locked. Employee says "we're closed." That's odd/funny because your sign and Google both say you're open till 2. Learn how to run a business. TL;DR: Unreliable late night food spot(they'll close an hour early for no apparent reason). Good cheesesteaks, horrible customer service. Also its in a bad neighborhood.. Never again.I tried a cheese steak provolone cheese salt pepper ketchup mayo and it was gross and had a nasty after taste so try with cautionTaste: Better than Genos or Pats
Area is kinda scary [I felt like I was in the hood] and the only seating is the narrow booth area right up against the line.  
But if you want authentic down right just a plain-o good cheesteak THIS IS THE SPOT - its FREAKING good.Great spot for cheese steak! The line goes out the door and around the corner but do not worry, it moves really fast. The staff seems a little brash but that is the philly attitude, don't let it worry you. The cheesesteak you get here will be juicy and delicious. They have beer too :-)Established in 1930 something, you get the feeling not much has changed. Eating one philly cheese steak with cheese whiz(what they are famous for) while wrestling another pepper and mushroom one that was bursting at the seams with fill-ins, downing all this with some cold refreshing malt liquors I felt like I too would be bursting at the seams. And I could not be happier.I'm so happy I came here!! The cheesesteak was perfection. Everything was cooked well from the onions to the mushrooms and especially the meat!! The meat was so juicy. Also the staff were all very nice. I will definitely come back when I'm around Philly again!Can you say best steaks ever?! I've tried many places that sold cheese steaks but this place takes the cake! Walking into Jim's, i didn't know what to order. The staff took their time and broke it down to know what I wanted in my steak. They were not only professional but they treated you like family when you walk in. They made jokes and really get to know you.The line is long, and it's not as cheap as it used to be, but the food is good. The workers are known to be a little rough around the edges, but it's whatever. If you're in the area its definitely worth stopping in.The stakes and hoagies that we ordered there were awesome. only tried one location have to try to South Street location next.Very impressed with Jim's only cheese steak place (that I looked at anyway) with vegetarian options. Had a Maxine's Meatless (thought it was full of flavor; choice of cheese, peppers, onions, lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms) very nice staff, line was out the door but was served quickly, great drink selection, seating is a little crammed but a good amount for the building space. Something that really stood out was the soft bread as many sandwich places have tough bread to bite into, made sandwich that much more enjoyable. Also very cool to see the autographs on the wall to see all of the well known celebrities who have eaten there.Best of the famous cheesesteak joints. Jim's dominates Genos and Pats for one significant reason: they chop their steak. Instead of those huge nasty slabs of grade D steak, you get a cheesesteak the way it should be- finely chopped and greasy as hell. I've also found that Jim's gives you more steak per hoagie than Genos and Pats... just one more reason to choose Jim's besides the fact that the line is a little shorter. The price has gotten a bit expensive, but I still think it is worth it. Eat a Cheesesteak at Jim's or Die! (new slogan)I had my first Philly Cheesesteak ever here over the weekend!! 
And IT WAS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!  
We were told by so many people to go to Pat and Geno's but a few people seemed to think Jim's was better so we came here.  
You can immediately spot the place because of the yummy smell and the line of people wrapped around the building.
We waiting in line for about 45 minutes and it was well worth it.
I ordered mine with swiss cheese and onions and my boyfriends was fully loaded with everything you can imagine... both were awesome! 
Thinking about it again is making my mouth water and making me want one again!  ( Too bad I am all the way in Houston though... ) 
Any time I am in the Philly area I will definitley be coming here! 
Wait in the line...it is worth it, promise!! =)I absolutely love Jim steaks on 62nd in west Philadelphia. The steaks are amazing and I never have an issue when ordering.Line was crazy(didn't want to wait with all the people) but the smell of the food was divine. Where they put the exhaust was well thought out to emit the aroma and to attract patreons. Learned about the place from YouTube.Out of this world. Jim's is one of the best overall in the city of Philadelphia. The cheesesteak is very flavorfulGreat Steaks.  Great Bread.
WAY better than Pat's & Geno's and you'll save $8 in cab fare.
South Street Locale
Open till 2 a.m. (ish)
The Best Steak close to downtown & open late = 4 starsJim's is my favorite spot for Philly cheesesteaks, I highly recommend it.I shop at the Northeast Philly store, and on South Street. In my opinion, they are the best in town.Do as the native Philadelphians do, and get it with Whiz. 
When you order, follow their very smart philosophy: tell them what you want, not what you don't want. 
The service is very sassy, but what the fuck are you gonna do about it?Best cheesesteak in the city. Expect to wait at traditional meal times. Please have your order ready when its your turn, for everyone else's sake. You cant get fries here, or wings if it doesn't come off the griddle don't ask for it. Get your hoagies in the back.I actually like this place better than Pats or Genos -- though I realize its all personal tastes.  Though I could probably eat these every day it wouldn't do my arteries, waist or weight any good but the stuff they sell here is very tastey good.I was in Philadelphia during a road trip I did a few weeks ago. Some locals told us that, for the best cheesesteak in town we had to go to Jim's, so we did so.
I don't know if it is the best one in town, but it is one of the best things I are during the road trip, and we did eat very good stuff! Huge delicious cheesesteak.I've lived decades eating Philly Cheesesteaks, having never given a thought that they were originally from Philadelphia.
Well I finally got a chance to land in Philly and it dawned on me: it's PCT! Philly Cheesesteak Time! 
And here we were, the land where it all began. Headed over to Jim's right after visiting the Liberty Bell. There were a lot of people standing in line even though it was freezing outside. Whatever. Long line = good sign. Right?
As we inched closer and closer to ordering, I noticed the unprepared meat was really red and naked and the cheese was really cheese-whizzy. I don't like cheese-whiz, but I heard that real Philly Cheesesteaks use Cheese-Whiz. Alright then - Whiz it Iz!
My doubts were starting to build up right before I ordered - I saw the guy making the cheesesteaks and the meat didn't look like it went through any type of seasoning. Don't you at least have to salt or pepper it or something? Or have it pre-seasoned? Well, shucks, what did I know? This was the land were it all began, I can't be questioning how the masters do it...
Ok, so I order my cheesesteak and finally to the actual biting into the cheesesteak itself... right then I discovered HOW DISAPPOINTMENT TASTES=Jim's Steaks. The meat was utterly flavorless and even a little tough... might I add. I didn't mind the cheesewhiz but when it was slathered on top of this tasteless meat, my deep-rooted disdain for cheesewhiz was raging and bubbling to the surface. The resulting combo of cheese-whiz hate (now at its max-level) and tasteless meat plus high expectations cleansed me of all emotion and left only one word on my lips: YUCK.
The first bite told me this was a scam. Wham, bam, no thanks, ma'am.So good! The people there are crazy friendly too. I got a cheesesteak with provolone and onions. It was perfectly delicious. I will definitely come again.I wanted authentic Philly cheese steak and I got it. Steak was tasty, I had Wiz with onions and mushrooms with ketchup. Staff was friendly and accommodating. I know it's not tradition but fries would make better. I'd go again for sureAfter already having visited Pat and Geno's earlier in the week, friends suggested I visit here as well.
Truly overrated.  I got there at 3:30pm and my wait in line started right at the door.  30 minutes later, I finally got to the chef (they only have one dude cooking these up...which I believe is one of the reasons why it took so long...Pat and Geno's lines moved much quicker).  I got steak with whiz, peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  I also grabbed a dr brown's cream soda.  Total was $11.12, which I must say in comparison to the other guys, is a bit more expensive for the same stuff.
Thankfully, there was seating upstairs.  The sandwich itself was not all that great.  As someone else said, the meat is tasteless and the onions were unnoticeable.  The only saving grace of the sandwich was the whiz.  There was a larger amount than on the others guys and it tasted pretty good, but the rest of the sandwich was meh.
The yogurt store a block or two west down the same side of the street on south made my trip to that party of the city worth it.  Jims is not all that great.  Other noticeable things during my wait were that the chef takes his super sweet time and also only likes to make small talk with younger black females, so don't expect much else out of him if you're of any other descent.  I also noticed in my 30 minute wait, there were at least 2 other employees not behind the counter, just chilling, doing nothing to help speed up the process.  The owner should reevaluate their jobs.I've been a fan of the Philly cheesesteak for years, making sure to grab one from Pagano's in Mt Airy every time I came up for a visit.  I relocated to Philly 3 weeks ago and decided to grab my first cheesesteak as a resident of the city. I ended up at Jim's Steaks. It was a Saturday afternoon and the line was out the door (great sign) so I figured I was in for a treat. No sooner had I gotten back home and taken my first bite I realized I had never truly had a cheesesteak before. I was ready to drive to Mt Airy and slap someone in Pagano's for deceiving me all those years! The steak was juicy and tender, the onions and mushrooms cooked just right and the roll was fresh.  It was so good I regret moving so close to this location. I can see myself stopping by 3x a week and then lamenting the 20lbs I will inevitably gain. Hmmm maybe I need to consider a move to MontCo - put a little distance between me and Jim'sIf you want a Philly cheesesteak come to this place! This is usually where I eat when I go to Philadelphia because their cheesesteaks are so delicious. The people making the food don't exactly have smiling faces, but god it's so worth it to eat here.I don't dislike Jim's. But it's no Pat's King of Steaks, in my opinion. They do a lot of things right at Jim's... the right kind of steak, cooked on a flat-top grill. Loaded into a nice warm Amoroso roll. Not enough Cheez Wiz in my opinion. Their onions aren't chopped as small either... But I have been known to stop at Jim's when I'm floating around South Street or want a steak without driving all the way down to that odd corner on Passyunk that is home to Pat's and Geno's. It's a totally passable steak.
Jim's itself is kind of interesting... a two-floor establishment on the corner of South and Fourth with a really cool retro black front and a nice big window that lets you see the action on the line from the street. Upstairs, it's fun to look at the signatures of famous people lining the walls. But I generally find the place to be dirty and less friendly than Pat's. And I enjoy eating there less.
I guess my net conclusion is that yeah, it's a decent place to grab a steak that will totally hit that craving spot. But it's not as good as Pat's, and a only when you have to kind of option if you have the time to drive down to Pat's instead. Take it for what you will.Jims got the best cheesesteak...and I have taste at least about 43 different spots twice from pats to geno sonny , shanks delaseandro jimmy g all those places and I have taste their steaks twice and jims is the best.... The Best jims!This is just a really greasy ground steak sandwich covered in greasy onions and slathered in cheez whiz. Can you go wrong with that?
The sandwich is good. But the steak bits have two issues: they don't achieve an optimal level of crisp and the steak itself is cooked with too much liquid on the plancha, creating that chewy steamed meat effect. This liquid also prevents the desired crisping from happening on the steak. I understand they use it to speed the cook times and even out the cooking, but the sacrifice is palpable. 
They REALLY load up these sandwiches with steak. You get a lot of greasy food. Come prepared for that. The environment is friendly. You may note that it's no-frills. Which is not a problem for me but some of the more snotty Yelpers out there may have a problem with this. It's also not in a stellar neighborhood. But who cares? I'm here for the food.This place is in the most shadiest place. Very dark and scary. The food was ok at best.  I still prefer the one in south street. There is a mean ass lady that takes care of the front don't know why you would want someone that unpleasant.  All in all I rather drive to Larry's than here. Not really worth the time.when it comes to philly cheesesteaks, everyone has a place that they swear is the best and if you ask me, this Jim's location is it.  I've had Jim's on south street and I've had Jim's on Baltimore pike but this is the real deal.  Make sure to try both of their homemade pepper sauces in the containers on the stand up counter.  I've been coming here for years after my father showed me this place.  Don't waste your time with Pat's or Geno's (I wouldn't even feed that to a dog) and don't bother with Phil's or Steve's neither. You want an amazing philly steak, go to Jim's on 62ndPretty good Cheesesteaks. Really greesy and mixed well. I loved it and thought they were good. Would definately go again. I went here along with Genos and Pats.I always love going to philly, but when you have the chance to have a real steak. There is no place better to have that one steak than Jims. This Jim is the original Jims they have now expanded to a few more locations within the area. The great thing about this location. It's never packed so you will get your steak very quickly! I sometimes prefer coming here for the speedy service. 
However there is a catch. This location doesn't have seating. At most you have a few stools. So if your thinking of a family outing you may want to go to the Jims on South Street. 
For an awesome steak without the crowds...come here!***STOP!*** This is a review for the 62nd street Jim's location. ***NOT*** South Street. It looks like a lot of these Yelpers are dropping their reviews in the wrong spot. 62nd street IS the original and still the undisputed location. Im honestly not just saying this because my grandfather was the first cook here back in 1939. Promise. So if your in center city or south philly, do yourself a favor and head west to the original. This is hands down the best cheesesteak, not just in Philly but the universe. If you want the South Street experience and are also craving a steak knock yourself out and grab one there. But if food is the experience you're looking for, it is imperative you come here to say that you had the best cheesesteak.Overrated. Jim's makes a good steak. But Chink's, Steve's, Tony Luke's, Sonny's, and even Rick's are all better.Great cheese steaks and really great people I highly recommend the original Jims on 62nd!AVOID THE 62ND STREET LOCATION AT ALL COSTS!!!  Maybe they thought that I ordered chopped shoes on a bun. The meat was tough, overlooked, and had no flavor. I couldn't believe I paid money to force myself to eat something this bad. However, the rolls were incredible. 
I've had Jim's Steaks on South Street, which IS very good, and they should sue this place for defamation.I never thought that philly cheesesteaks were that great but maybe that`s because I had bad luck or maybe California just doesn`t know how to make them. But I swear, the second I took a bite out of the sandwich I got from Jim`s, I thought I died and went to heaven. This sounds really dumb and probably tourist-y but the second I couldn`t manage to get another bite to fit, I took a picture of it and sent it to a friend. I was probably delirious or something. The line was so long that I had to wait outside for a bit but it was definitely worth the wait. It just sucked that the space was too small to accomodate for the amount of customers that go. I had to walk across the intersection to a starbucks to eat. Still, it didn`t look all that special: bread, meat, peppers, cheese and onions but now I refuse to order any philly cheesesteaks when I`m back home thanks to that one sandwich.Jim's is on South Street and is in a building that is Art Deco in style.  There is usually a line to get in.  We waited 55 this past weekend.  
The line moves slow.  A lot slower than Geno's or Pat's.  When we got in we saw why, one guy was busy making cheese steaks and four other guys were standing around yucking it up, not working!
The place looks dated and tired and looks dirty.
The guys working here are NOT friendly. I know you get some banter at Pat's and Geno's, but this is just kind of I don't like you, I don't want you here attitude.  
There is an upstairs seating area that was filthy dirty with old furniture and food all over the floor.  It was pretty nasty.
Having said all my complaints as it turned out the steaks were pretty good.  I liked the beef and they do the same kind of chopped up meat as Pat's.  They had some good mushrooms and they onions are a lot better than at Geno's - nicely grilled.  I did like my cheese steak.  I did not care for the attitude or the building.  I rated it better than Geno's, but not as good as Pat's.
They do not take credit cards.  Sodas are all in a can (no fountain), they don't serve fries.  They do have hoagies.  
It's on South Street so parking is a bear anywhere in that area!The best cheesesteak in the city - NO questions asked.  Watch your steak get made, order to your preference, grab an ice cold beverage and grab a seat inside.Great tradition and taste..... Best cheesesteaks in West Philadelphia, I'm a huge fan of the service.For the last few months, my dad tried to get hooked on Jim's Steaks. I mean they're nice and hot, three minutes away from us, and have a good fan base at this location, but they could use just one constructive criticism from my side. 
The first few times I got a cheese steak from Jim's, I was pleased. The bread was fresh, not soggy, the cheese was perfectly melted, and my order was correct. But after the second cheese steak, I started to feel that the steak tasted a bit gamey. That's a put off. 
But overall, I would rate them as good, and definitely go back sometime in the future. The place is really small inside, so I would only eat in there if you don't want your car to smell like food on your way home. Ultimately, you'll only end up smelling like food once you leave because the kitchen is open, your pick.Perfection- every time. I have never had a negative experience at Jim's. Even today, we took our 4 month old son and the service was amazing, and the food delicious. We got a cheesesteak and it tasted just as incredible as the first time I had one. The line is crazy (but worth it) in the afternoon, but this was a planned trip so we went around 10:30, and walked right up to the counter.Review valid only for to-go order.
The steak was delish, neatly wrapped and wasn't too salty. Right amount of cheese, and a decent size for $6/7. 
Was driving through Philly and needed to get my cheese-steak fix. Will want to come back next time I am in the P.
Tip-bits:
Good for on the run if you heading towards the highwayI did not realize that the original Jim's Steak was still opened. When I was a young kid (back in the 60's), I loved this placed...it was a special treat when my parents would take the family to this place on 62nd street.. Jim's steak's had this unique peppery/fried onion aroma and seasoned taste. I have yet to find any other steak sandwich with that unique smell and taste.
I live in snj, I will have to make a special trip to the original locationJim's would get a whopping 5-star review if they were a bit kinder to their customers.  I get it...you have a line wrapped around the corner indefinitely.  But, a little politeness wouldn't hurt.  I took my parents here while they were visiting me from California, and while they loved the sandwhich, they just didn't get what they wanted on it because the dudes behind the counter ignore you.  Who do you think provides your paycheck?  Anyway...great steaks, upstairs seating, but the service left much to be desired.  Wish I was able to give a better review.Foreal Foreal I'm so glad I listened to the locals.  Everyone told me to head to Jim's on 62nd street and forget Pat's and Genos.  Handsdown best cheesesteak I had In my life.  Now I can't talk shit about Pats or Geno's but I'm pretty sure this place is better cause they use real steak and they make the cheesesteak to order instead of leaving all the steak on the grill.  Oh don't forget to try the hot sauce they leave on the table. That shit is soooo money.The ONLY steak sammich I have ever had juicy enough that considering any condiment use would be blasphemous.First time in Philly. First time having a cheese steak. My friend, the Philly local, is the one who took me to this place. She didn't even consider Geno's or Pat's so I'm guessing this place is legit. 
The place was clean, I didn't feel embarrassed for not knowing what exactly to order on mine. I won't lie and say the people behind the counter were completely patient, but they didn't lay me out for holding up the line. At the same time they weren't about to redo my sandwich when I found out that the mayo goes on first before he puts on the meat. So I ate my mayo-less sandwich with pickles, onions and peppers. 
Not bad. Tasted absolutely nothing like I thought a cheese steak would taste. I think I was expecting like a Super Steak-Um. Mine tasted kinda like a McDonald's Cheeseburger from back in the 80s when they were really good. No complaints, but I don't think I'll run out to get another one.I have been going to jims for years I love the fact I ride pass in the morning and see fresh bread and products being delivered..So i just went to Jim's Steaks tonight and words can not describe my experience. It wasnt sure what to expect since it is on South Street in an area that feels a little like Bleeker street in NYC. When I walked in my eyes lit up. The staff was fun and eager to tell me what to get. They were adamant, meat, wiz (aka Cheese Wiz) and onions. I threw some mushrooms and hot peppers on and it was one of the greatest sandwiches I can remember eating. I ate one sandwich at the restaurant (or should I say counter) then as I was about to leave I saw a sign saying the record for most sandwiches in an hour was 15, so I was intrigued and felt slightly embarrassed, that being said I felt one was enough for me, then I saw my inspiration. A 14 yr old kid had the previous record of 14 sandwiches in 1 hr, I had to get a second and what a great idea that was. By the time I opened it up in the car, the bread had slowly soaked up the meat, wiz , onions and everything combined was perfect. It is a MUST!Amazing Restaurant! Do not judge a book by its cover.  Definitely a staple of Philly. Word to the wise, ask for it all: Seasoning, Peppers, Cheese, Mushrooms, Onions,etc.  A must for first time visitors.  Took my family here and they loved it. They even had cheese hoagies for the kids.This place is fast faced just like a lot of the other cheesesteak joints. Cash only. The meat is finely chopped which I think takes away from it a little bit. The meat didn't have too much flavor to it but the onions did! The bread is soft and fresh! The people are friendly and the upstairs area has a few tables for you to sit down at.After quasi-disappointing trips (due to long lines, subpar meat, non-fantastic bread) to both Pat's and Gene's in the last year , I was a bit surprised to see how much better Jim's yelp reviews were.
Driving into its hood, Jim's has an auspicious entrance. Blink and you may miss this hole in the wall in the middle of a residential neighborhood. In an instant, Jim's had a small waiting line. I ordered the special with american cheese, onions, lettuce and tomatoes, and a yoo-hoo to wash it down.
Overall, Jim's cheesesteak was good, but hardly transcendent. 
It is better than Geno's and Pat's, but given that this is a Philly staple, I expected more out of my cheesesteak than simply a decent sub.I'm not some connoisseur of cheese steaks, but I've had enough to know that it shouldn't be 100% bland.  Yes, it was the "best" cheesesteak I've had, but I had to sprinkle S&P across my sandwich before it actually tasted "good".  With that said, cheesesteaks aren't the kind of food that would blow my taste buds out of the water, so I'd give it a 3.5/5 stars for over all taste and quality.
Now, lets talk about service:
To say the service we rec'd was subpar would be an overstatement.   I'm a paying customer. This may not be the Ritz-Carlton, but treat me with a little respect.  Further, this is my first time here and there are no "rules" on "how to properly place an order" posted, so please don't chastise me for not knowing how to give you my order.  The people working here are rude, incompetent and not happy.    
Other random thoughts:
1. CASH ONLY?! Really?? Really?? This isn't some traveling hot dog stand or food truck.  We're in the 21st century - get with the times.  There's really no valid excuse why an establishment can't take cards.
2.  The place is filthy. Filthy.  Seriously - there were probably like 10 health code violations taking place while we were there and I can't believe no one has reported them for being so unsanitary.
3.  What's with the gang signs plastered all over the bathroom?! 
Service and random thoughts combined: I'd give them 1.5 stars. 
Overall experience: 2.5 stars, but I'll be nice and round it to 3.Great cheese steaks sold here at a nice and affordable price. 
When I got here while driving to Lansdale, I decided to try something different and went for the detour. Got inside and the line was sneaking all around with no real place to stand around. This place seems to always be packed and I wonder if it is because they do provide with a very good portion of steak because it was not for the flavor since, it was lacking seasoning.
It was my first time buying a cheese steak and i guess I'll ask for more salt and pepper next time so i can have a bit mire seasoning.Might be good if they actually would cook the onions into the meat like I asked. But the answer was NO. Big fat half cooked onions glopped on top. I just moved into the area and was so excited. First visit... Mediocre. Second visit... Never again. I drive all the way to broad and Erie for my steaks, and I'm only a block from jim's. Such a pity.Have you had the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia yet? Are you so sure? Jim's steaks (with the exception of the one in Springfield, PA) has a unique cooking style and a roll that will really impress. As a man who drives UBER and sees a LOT of people who wouldn't know better, Jim's is a true contender for world's best Philly cheesesteak.  I would definitely like to give your conception of a PHILLY CHEESESTEAK a rattle,  eat at Jim's !Awesome. Amazing. Delicious. A Philly institution. Wiz and wit with a beer please! Love you Jim's!Jim's is different from the other two cheese steak shops in Philly, it simply has a different feel.  It has great food and I promise you will enjoy it.
A few tips and pointers when going there:
1. On every day except Sunday the parking sucks in the neighborhood so expect to drive around a while.
2. Expect to wait on line no matter when you go.  I do believe that the later you go the longer the line becomes.
3. They do not except card.
4. there are limited seats upstairs.
I also recommend going to this place if you have time.
ps.  it is on south st which is a much better place for hanging out then the area surrounding Pat and Gino'sSaw this place on tv and came down to try the Pork sandwich. It was fantastic!!  The cheese star looks great but I can't pull myself away from the pork to try it. Get it with spinach and provolone...This is the real deal Philly cheesesteak. Forget about the Pat's and Geno's and the Jim's on South Street for that matter. Whether you get the whiz or provolone, these old ladies making the steaks a neighborhood treasures.
If you want the best, you need to head to West Philly to this gem. The neighborhood can be pretty dangerous, especially for the melanin impoverished after dark, so maybe save this one for an afternoon visit.
Nevertheless, this is where I go when I visit Filthysmellphia and have a hankering for a good cheesesteak,The staff were very pleasant and patient- transplants always tend to hold up the ordering process. But the cheesesteak was just "ok". This location is closer to my apartment but I would rather drive further out for a better steak and cheese.My family was visiting Philly for the first time, and after taking them to Dalessandro's for their first Philly cheesesteak they wanted to try a couple more to compare. I had actually never been to Jim's before either, but I didn't feel like driving to one of the South Philly ones and worrying about parking and waiting in a long line. This was actually the closest "real" Philly cheesesteak place to our house on the other side of city line ave. Now, I don't want to sound like a complete wussy, but despite being only 10 minutes from my house, I had never been in this particular neighborhood and it was very sketchy. I'm sure it is far from the most dangerous in Philly, but I wouldn't recommend it after dark to anyone who isn't familiar with the city. On the plus side, street parking was easy to come by. 
This place is set up like a typical Philly cheesesteak place, but I liked that they don't have as much of the fast-paced, "know what you want right away or get out", type of attitude that a lot of these places do. The staff was very nice to me and my out of town family. There was a line, but nothing insane. I ordered mine with extra whiz like the reviews said to, which I'm glad I did because the amount of whiz was the amount that would come on a regular cheesesteak somewhere else. Now, the meat was high quality, not the gross fatty type, but the cheesesteak lacked seasoning. I would add salt and pepper next time. In terms of Philly cheesesteaks, I haven't tried them all but I would rank Jim's not as good as Dalessandro's , but better than Pat's.I love this place, been faithful to this Jims since the 80's. The old ladies that work there have been there since the 80's. The steaks have the same taste and the cheeseburgers are official and have been that way since, the 80's. They are my second favorite place to go for a classic Philly steak. Its a simple place, order your food and roll out !Just the perfect Philly Cheesesteak.
Incredible steak for a good price.
M'eat is actually good, not too fatty or chopped up.
Solid cheese selection.  Not just wiz.
Some eating room upstairs, but it can get crowded fast.
The place actual Philadelphians go for cheesesteaks.
Enjoy the atmosphere, it's as south philly as it gets.
Answer the questions asked quickly.  
Keep the line moving or you'll get made fun of.
Start your cheesesteak eating here...you'll never go anywhere else.By far best cheesesteak I have had in my whole entire life thus far! We came all the way from San Jose, California to go to the Warrior /76ers game. But also we are out here trying out the real Philly cheesesteaks and all I can say is that Jim's represents Philly, I can't stop thinking about it, most Def going back before I leave Philly, 5 stars. Banging cheesesteaks a MUST!Amazing as always! Love the cheesesteaks! Cash only. Lots of meat on the subs and plenty of onions. So good.So far this place has the best cheese steaks I've ever stuffed my face with. I don't know what exactly it is that makes their steak and cheese subs so damn good but it's perfection. 
check this place out, it worth it.This is where it all began. If you are a fan of the famous Philadelphia Cheese Steak, you owe it to yourself to get out to West Philadelphia and try one from the ORIGINAL Source! 
 We stopped in just before a Steve Winwood show at the Tower Theater on 4/22/17. We parked out in front and bopped right in. Diane & I both got Steaks with American Cheese, fried onions & mushrooms. Fresh rolls made with the local "Schuylkill Punch", chewy crust, soft delicate center; THE ONLY ROLL FOR A CHEESE STEAK! ( I am guessing these were Amoroso Rolls) The rib-eye was sliced thin, perfectly cooked to a tender medium temperature, cheese melted just the right amount.
 The large staff behind the counter were busy taking customer orders,  prepping food & drinks, running the register, serving food, and chatting to the customers. They were incredibly friendly & engaging with EVERYONE who had crowded into the small venue. There was a very cool documentary about Jim's Original Steaks playing on the TV. We watched as we waited for our order to be processed. One of the staff members of Jim's came out to deliver our Steak Sandwiches, and spent a few minutes answering our questions about, and explaining the History of this FAMOUS EATERY. VERY COOL INDEED! 
 If you are out & about in West Philly or Upper Darby, at a museum or a show, you MUST STOP IN and visit the Original Jim's And Treat Yourself To The Original Steak Sandwich! Jim's  :  Since 1939i really liked the cheesesteaks here! they were delicious and i really liked the roasted peppers they had out on the table
the service was ok, not rude just ok.On the whim I decide to drive to Philly , where I had fond memories of a sandwich so greasy, and good (note how you I didn't say "but good") that I would one day find myself driving  two hours just for a sandwich.   I convince an equally irresponsible friend to join me and off we go.
Though we might have gone to about 5 different places (including Pat's and Geno's) only Jim's was able to truly satisfy and validate this trip.  The meat was fresh, chopped, and greasy.  Nuff said.Jim's Steaks are definitely the place to go in Philly!  The people aren't the nicest and the service isn't the best, but who cares?  You don't go to an eatery for the people, you go for the food!  The meat is always good & tender, while being thoroughly chopped to ensure that each bite won't pull the meat out of the sandwhich.  If you're in Philly and you can only go to one steak place, go here!!Soft delicious beef
Better than the rest, except
Whiz, need more of you.Great as an experience, but I wouldn't come here if I actually lived in Philly.  Seriously, maybe I am just underestimating how hard it is to make a good cheesesteak... but these beauties come at a price that seemed disproportionately high.  As for the cheesesteak, it was the best I've ever had.  Made exactly how I wanted it, peppers on top, delicious whiz blanketing the bottom, juicy steak pouring over the top, and perfect bread.
But still... 9 bucks and the long line puts Jim's into a novelty position and I just can't make it a regular stop.
If you are just going to get one cheesesteak to hold you over for the next year, then of course I recommend Jim's... but if you are trying to regularly crush your heart into cardiovascular submission you might need to find another optionWell, let's just say that this was my first cheesesteak experience ever, and boy nothing has compared since.  Now, every time I eat another cheesesteak, I think about this place and it makes me wish I lived in Philly.  The place is small, but it really is a hidden gem.  The meat is so tender and the onions make the sandwich.  They have a few types of cheeses from what I remember, but i stuck to the good ole' cheez wiz. Now I'm hungry thinking about this.Best steaks and hoagies around! I have frequented Jim's for over 25 years and they never disappoint.  If you are looking for good food at a reasonable price, this is the place.AMAZING!!! #1 steak and #1 service in Philly hands down.  Geno's looks like a california cheesesteak compared to Jims'.  Service with a smile, great food and I've never left the place unhappy which is more then I can say for some other steaks I've had.This place had such high reviews that it had to be tried on a recent road trip to Philly.  I've had better sandwiches from NYC street vendors, honestly and in Philly I much prefer Abner's cheesesteak to this place.  There was nothing special about the sandwich at Jim's, and it's not really practical to eat there either... there's no space and you'd just end up smelling like beef.THE GREATEST CHEESE STEAK OF ALL TIME ... PERIOD. 
This is an experience EVERY time and it's never dull. The quality behind the cheese steak is premium. One of a kind!Service is quick/ friendly- cheese steak sandwich not bad---Alice/Bobby DeOK, maybe it was my stupidity to check this out because I saw about 50 others in line and figured it must be awesome.  Once in, there are pictures of celebrities praising the food as we often see in these places.  I ordered the pepper steak .  Let me say, it was a big disappointment.  The word bland does not even begin to describe the tasteless chopped up whatever it is that I got.  No seasoning, no flavor and just plain blah.  I had to salt the heck out of it just to have some taste.  I don't know how this place became so popular, but the cheesesteaks I had a the Citizens ball park and at a few random places in the city put this place to shame.  Don't waste your time unless you are ordered to be on a bland diet by your doctor.Compared to Pat's, Geno's, and Tony Luke's, I have to say I'm a fan of Jim's!
We were driving through Philly on a Thursday afternoon and decided to get some cheese steaks.  We were lucky and didn't have to wait on line.  Figuring out that it was our first time at Jim's, the staff was super friendly.
Now onto the cheese steak.  The best thing about this place is they cook the beef when you order it so it's fresh & hot!  We both got it with cheese whiz and added barbecue sauce on it.  The barbecue sauce was AWESOME and the cheese steak delicious!  My only gripe was that were was not enough whiz.  It would've been perfect if there was more whiz.Disclaimer: I am not from the area, but I have had cheesesteak sandwiches before, so take this review with a grain of salt.
If you want a lump of unseasoned steak, with a couple of slices of cheese somewhat melted over it and then a very few fried onions on that, then this is the place for you.
And the vegetarian option was a hot mess - literally.
But the atmosphere was delightfully tacky.Been here twice and they have the best Philly cheese steak in Philly!   They don't have a great choice of sides but your not going to this place for the sides.  Take it from me, skip Pats and Genos and go to the place the Philadelphia people go to get the real deal, not the tourist trap Carnival food!!!  Many thanks to Jim for making good, no great, quality and not making money off of the name and location like umm well you get the picture lols!I had my very first "Philly's Cheese Steak" here and fell in love ... Any body visiting Philadelphia cannot go home without eating this infamous sandwich. I live in San Diego and there are places that makes "PCS" and It's nothing compared to the "real" thing(I'f yah know what I mean - STRAIGHT FROM PHILLY)!
You'll love it here!I don't care about any of the food fighting between these places, Jim's is the best.  I know the line is long but this is a great cheesesteak and they have options too.  Cheesesteaks here are a little greasy but that's expect for this type of food.  If you want something healthy, go get a salad.  The bread is fresh and perfect for a sandwich, it didn't fall apart at all.  The steak is cooked to perfection, you can watch the expert while you're ordering.  Indoor seating is always a plus and they have a great selection of drinks including beer.
For such a simple food item I don't see how so many other places could get it wrong.Great cheese stakes - great people. I really felt like I had the true Philly Cheese Stake experience. All around it was delicious and I highly recommend this restaurant.I haven't had Jim's in years but I remember the incredible tasting cheesesteaks. *mouth watering*Food is good. Nothing to write home about but definitely a good spot for a cheesesteak. Could be a bit cleaner inside but it's not terrible.My favorite. Spent $30 on a layover in philly just for a taste! It took someone philly to turn me on to them.This is the first time I have ever tried a cheese steak and I have to say this place did not disappoint! The whole staff was extremely nice and the prices were super cheap for the amount of food you got. I would highly recommend anyone goes there and has one from this local business!Good cheesesteaks but I wish they and/or Yelp would stop these free soda offers because they don't honor themTHIS PLACE IS AMAZING. I AM SO IN LOVE WITH THEIR CHEESESTEAKS!!!
So I'm from this city clear across the country known as Sacramento, CA. I did a cross country road trip with my boyfriend and this was one of those places I was looking forward to most. The employees were so cool. I didn't eat that morning so I could completely enjoy my cheesesteak. I got one with extra wiz. Grilled onions and peppers, the meat was marinated perfectly and cheese drippings everywhere. Definitely a greasy and messy concoction but OMG. Next time I'm in I will definitely be there. I just kept thinking for the remainder of the trip, "I am so happy I drove 3,140 miles for this. Worth it."Best cheesesteak in philly, do not listen to any other review jim is the real king of steaksSteak sandwich starts at $8 the add $.55 for cheese and each add on, and CASH ONLY. Taste on point but not located in the safest feeling area, if you are sensitive to that.Best Steaks in Philadelphia #1 especially at this location in West Philly. The Steaks has mad flavor and they use good quality Meat and Amarosa Rolls.Great spot very dive but oh my god was the steak good.  You walk I. And order them they make it for you sit a little counter and eat a great steak what else do you need 
Does not get betterHands down, the best cheesesteak! I've been coming here since I was barely able to see above the counter. Hoagies are great as well.I am completely disappointed!  Jims used to be my favorite being from
Philly and all.  I haven't been in years and made a trip today and it was awful!  First of all, the people behind the counter were rude, but that could have been excused if the cheesesteak was actually good.  It was terrible, they put the cheese on the role and threw the steak on top and then the mushroom from a bowl on top.  The steak was sparse and not flavorful, the mushrooms were cold and the cheese never melted.  Did they sell out or something?  I remember and amazing old  school Italian "Jim" running the place, now he is no where to be found.  I will never return and if you are a not a true philadelphian if you even review this place as decent.  And for you tourists, I would have sent you here before, but now pats and Gino's is million times better than this place that is NOW just posing as "Jims".The people here were really nice! Make a few jokes with them and it can really change your experience. 
I shared a cheesesteak with provolone and hot peppers and it was more grease than anyone should be eating before noon. It was definitely greasy goodness. My heart stopped a little, but then i looked up at the wall and realized that Mr. T ate here once and that if Mr. T can do it, so can I! Digressing.
Anyhow, it was tasty. The lines are usually out the door and around the block. So, we came early to avoid the lines. 
Anyhow, good cheese steak.After being stuck in a car for about 3 hours in the slowly incrementing weather, the three of us got the cheese whiz steak.  The verdict: The best Philly cheese steak sandwich I've had so far :D it was worth the drive in the middle of the snow blizzard from VA :). Everyone there was super friendly too.  Will have to come back and try the Provolone steak sandwich along with some of their mini pies.Best cheesesteak in Philly. I believe this is better than Pat's and Geno's. Jim prepares a cheesesteak the right way...they melt the cheese into the bread vs. just putting it on at the end. I prefer a cheese steak with provolone, mushrooms and grilled onions.now THIS is a Philly cheesesteak! I am proud to have grown up around the block from this place, bc I put it above genos & pats (I love genos though). their bread is always fresh, even at 2am. almost every time I'm home I'm here. they even expanded the menu to chicken cheeseteaks. good stuff
BEST STEAKS IN PHILLY!Not bad but not GREAT. The place is still mom & pop, very small and poorly ventilated like most Philly cheesesteak staples. The service is actually one of the best things about this place. The seasoned women behind the counter have warm smiles & actually listen. You can get some beer & other refreshments but the main attraction is underwhelming. There's enough meat for two sandwiches & while that's all well & good it's not the greatest grade & no amount of salt, pepper & ketchup can help it. The bread is soft tho. Great place to go if you're high (because you barely care about taste) and it is open late so it's perfect for that kinda run. Corner store steaks are better and cheaper though. Save yourself a couple bucks and get a meal plus snacks and a drink from there. Thank me later.We make a point of taking a trip to Jim's every time we're in the area (and by the area, I mean on the way home to Massachusetts from Kentucky).
The staff is friendly and fast, we always make friends with the people standing in line with us, and the food is delicious.
After a few trips, I've determined that my favorite recommendation is a "Double wizz, wit" (translation: double cheese whiz, with onions).
While in Philadelphia, it's vitally important that you try a cheese steak here. The steak is well cooked with no gristle, the cheese whiz is odd but your confusion will quickly turn to gooey gluttony, and the onions are deliciously caramelized and sweet.
Just be prepared to take a shower when you leave, everything in the place is eternally coated in delicious, delicious grease.This sandwich seriously weighs about a pound. They really pack in the meat. I had mine with provolone which was probably a mistake. The cheese wasn't salty enough and the meat itself doesn't have any flavor... just beef flavor. Service was good. The people behind the counter were pretty friendly. This place is definitely better than Gino's or Patsy's. It was just a bit disconcerting driving here because we passed by many dilapidated homes.  It's worth the trip.For Philly cheesesteaks, this is indeed as good as it gets.  Far superior to Pat's or Geno's.  Wait was long on a weekend post-1am, but the sandwich makes up for me.  Got mine wit', whiz, mushrooms.  Steak is chopped up, juicy, and delicious.  Whiz is not overpowering but good, and the mushrooms were cooked well.
They also sell hoagies here, but everyone was here for the cheesesteak.  Like, everyone.I will be trite.
The best of all the famous ones.
Long Lines but worth the wait!truly a bomb diggitty experience.
i was visiting philly for 3 days with my bro and was crashing at my old college roomie's place.  so the first day we were there he takes us to jim's for some philly cheesesteaks, oops, JUST CHEESESTEAKS.
i got it with prov+onions.  and omg.  soooooooooooo friggin' good.
went to pat's and geno's the next day and tried their with cheese whiz, but seriously no comparison.  the meat, the onions, even the bread were all far superior than the other two locations.
very very good.  was worth the trip.Just so you know this location is on a side street, IN THE HOOD. 
As a Chicagoan I wanted to see what the fuss was about. I didn't see anything special the philly steak meat was plain and no season. I like the ones from great steak better in you local mall.
I also got an Italian hogie, doesn't compare to any sandwich in Chicago.
Maybe im spoiled.If you want a classic Philly cheesesteak this was the first and it is still the best! 
The Wiz and Provolone combine to make the perfect cheesy combination that adds to the sauted ribeye beef. The balance of flavors is what makes a Philly Cheesesteak  A Philly Cheesesteak. 
Other toppings may include fried onions, sauted mushrooms, ketchup and hot or sweet peppers. For me I stick with just Ketchup. It meshes perfectly into the balance of flavors in the sandwich. 
The location of the store is a bit questionable,but it is exactly what I think of when I think Philly. I would like to think you're safe because everyone just wants to enjoy one of the best and most iconic sandwiches in America just as much as you do. If you do happen to get held at gun point offer the thief a cheesesteak from Jim's and you should be alright because it is that good.This is a review of the 62nd street location. If you are a fan of the chopped cheesesteak, this place is among the best. The meat is perfectly tender and juicy with a soft roll that combines for steak excellence. I would note that, while there is a ledge and a few seats you can eat on, this is more of a take-out kinda place. 
As for the neighborhood, I went during the day and didn't feel unsafe.Just OK...didn't really live up to the hype.
Everything was fine, no complaints...just nothing to write home about.
IAmazing philly steak ! I should of gotten extra wiz. Came here from Chicago. Super long lines but deff worth it.This place is a hole in the wall and in a not so great part of town.  With that said, I found the cheesesteaks to be much better than the cheesesteaks we have had in center city.  The staff was not big on words but was pleasant enough to deal with and the orange soda that I had was the perfect accompaniment to the cheese steak with Whiz!The only reason I give them a one star is because of the very nice lady who welcomed us and could clearly tell we were from out of state.  The cook jim was mizzy and non-sociable.  While giving him your order he never made eye contact nor acknowledged that he received what you time him.  The location is scary and unkept when entering the smell was amazing the steak and cheese was a fail!  The steak was dry the onions under cooked.  If this place was supposed to rep philly and the cheesesteaks then it's a major FAIL!!!  We can over look that it's in the hood but if that's the case at least have the food right!!!  Will not go back.. will enjoy finding another place that "reps the Philly cheesesteak".Went to Jim's last night for my first and last time.  Let us begin with the good......... there was none; welp, that was short.
The bad: the food, I ordered a cheese Philly with provolone and a mushroom Philly.  The meat is tough and bland, like almost tasteless.  
The atmosphere: A long line, but that is fine, I do not mind waiting for good food - however waiting for subpar cuisine is a no.  The police literally harass the patrons, cut off the line at a certain point and ask those waiting in line to "walk the block and come back." Ridiculous.
 I hope management is in works with law enforcement as well as coming up with changes to make the ordering process more pleasant/efficient for the consumer.
Overall, horrible food and a horrible experience. I will never come back.Very good. The whiz was better than I expected. Too bad it wasn't bigger.Being from Florida, my favorite Philly Cheese Steaks have always been from Publix Supermarket (hahaha). And then Rigo took me to this place! I obviously had never tried a real cheese steak! I couldn't believe they use Cheez Whiz!! When it comes to the real deal, these are the best out there. Jim's Steaks is a must-stop when in Philly.My dads from Philly and Jim's was the first place I've been to with authentic cheese steaks. First off the service is great and the line moves very fast. Second the steak is tender and juicy and the wiz cheese is the best I've ever had. When I put it in my mouth every thing went together and formed a perfect bite. I really recommend this placeOne of the staples of cheese steaks in Philly.  arguable the icon of the city's know trademark food.  it is cooked just right and is good with or without the cheese whiz.  the onions are a must.Pretty good. You have to pick one of these places when you're in Philly right? Like if you don't get a cheesesteak in Philly you didn't do Philly or something? Yeah, so we picked this place and it was a great and we had a cheesesteak sandwich in Philly. Also, the upstairs dining is nice... you can look down at all of the people not eating cheesesteaks. So, that's done. Yep.Would definitely recommend Jim's over Pat's or Geno's.  The meat is more flavorful and less fatty and the bread is better.   I've ordered cheesesteaks with provolone, with cheez wiz, and a cheesesteak hoagie.  All are good -- the provolone steak is my favorite.Hmm... maybe cheesesteaks just aren't for me because I certainly would not stand in line for an hour again for some diced meet and cheese whiz. The sandwich was tasty enough and I did get my "Philly cheesesteak experience," in but would probably not go back.
Plus side: the bread was fresh and the experience made the trip worth it
Down side: long wait, staff was less than friendly (as I would be if I had to wait on hundreds of hungry people all day long in front of a hot, steamy griddle) and there is no place to sit once you do finally get your sandwich! 
I don't see how this cheesesteak could be any better or worse than somewhere else, but that's just an opinion from this Philly Outsider...I'll admit, this place is in the cuts but its worth the drive.  Not only did I not have to deal with lack of parking or the overcrowdedness of Geno's and Pat's, Jim's cheese steaks were exceptionally better.  I recommend washing down this piece of heaven with one of their bottled sodas.