Fat Peter rating system. 
as follows: 
STARS- standard yelp
CHANCE I WILL BE BACK- YES
Why I went  - Yelp pointed the way
I've had tony lukes Genos and pats and this is the only cheesesteak I've had where i go WOW that was good.  I mean it was just perfect, so shocked.  like stunned how good it was.  
and little things really got to me .. place to sit it was clean and in the back you can park 4 cars... well run.  thoughtful !Well Worth The Late Night Right To Philly.  The Different Varieties of Cheesesteaks is DeliciousCashier was super cool but that's about it as for positives. Here's the breakdown for the food. Soda was flat, hot dog was average at best and the "best fries in the city" were terrible. They were soggy and cold and didn't even taste good.My third time in Philly and man this was deff the spot I should've went to when I first travelled to Philly. The sub was pretty darn delicious. Freshly made and perfected. They have a dope way of showing you how clean your food is and you can watch it being made in front of you. Deff will come back. Great job keep up the work.Stopped by tonight on the way home from work. Let me start off by saying that the food was good, not great but good.
I ordered a cheesesteak and pizza fries. The steak was ok, it was a bit tough. I wish they wouldn't have chopped, my steak was very watery..I see they you'd Licious rolls which a great! Unfortunately my roll was very very soggy. 
The pizza fries were good. The fries themselves were very tasty. Probably the best fries I've had in a while. But the pizza fries lacked cheese. I was a buy disappointed in the amount of cheese. 
Overall the place was decent, can't really beat 13.00 for a meal. I may give this place a try again if I'm in the areaNot originally from the area but am a huge fan of cheesesteaks.  I've had one from pretty much every place you could name in the city.  Jimmy G's is my ABSOLUTE favorite with Dallessandro's a close second.  This place NEEDS some press.
The owner seems like a real nice dude too.  this place is legitAn excellent addition to the Philadelphia cheesesteak scene. I had a cheesesteak with provolone, hot peppers and fried onions. I prefer my cheesesteak with everything mixed together. That is exactly how Jimmy G's makes them. The thing that really makes a cheesesteak is the drip. Some people who don't like it call it grease but the drip is the juice of the meat and the fat combined into a sort of gravy that moistens the sandwich and brings it all together. If you watch a person who knows how to make a cheesesteak properly, you'll see him/her take a squeeze bottle of water and squirt some on the browned but not fully cooked meat. This slows the cooking and stops the meat from drying out. That's what makes the drip. Jimmy G's does it just right. I took away one star because the roll was good but not great. Two additional notes, the French fries are excellent, don't miss them, and the place delivers to the neighborhood. Delivery was $1.00. It was FAST! The food arrived hot.The only thing this review lacks is fries, so I'm going to wait to go back before committing to the fifth star. You can taste the quality of the meat here, and the sandwich overall is far better for it. They also have other options like chicken or pork, which people were ordering while I was there. You go to the first window, place your order, and stand with the others under an awning until your number is called. Don't throw away your receipt! You need it to claim your food. There's a covered seating area in the back that makes this place a lot friendlier than most joints. I had a mushroom steak with wiz, of course with onions. I missed the large sign that said fries and a drink are just $3 more until well after I had ordered; while it was large, it should have been on the menu. Definitely the deal you want to pursue in this case. Last comment is on location - I walked over from Spring Garden St. at Ridge and there were some places I was hesitant about even during the day. Broad St. itself seemed fine, so my recommendation is to park carefully, or have someone wait with the car along Broad, should you visit at night.AMAZING!!  I had the mushroom steak one night and the philly cream cheese steak the next night... both were phenomenal.  I recommend the "whiz" version.In Philly for work, and my wife and I wanted a Cheese Steak.  Most of the usual places only accept cash so we found Jimmy G's.  Service was superb (owner/manager? helped guide us to parking in back), price  was reasonable and Cheese Steak subs and fries were right on!Updating my review. First time I went, the cheese whiz was watery, but the owner contacted me via Yelp and said they fixed the issue, which it appears they have in the last couple times I visited (upgraded my review as a result). This is my go-to spot from 3-4am on the weekend as it's the only place open nearby.Great steaks and the fries where excellent. In fact I'm headed there now...  Just got here to Philadelphia yesterday and last night I had a excellent cheesesteak here along with fries tonight I think I'll have the fries with some Cheez Whiz fantastic i really amazed that they actually have lamb steaks chicken cheese sticks and got some kind of pork steak which looks really good and so you have plenty of options here for you to cheese steaks and like itemsI dont typically eat beef but I took a bite of my husbands cheesesteak with provolone and it was delicious! Almost good enough for me to start eating beef again lol. The meat was perfectly seasoned and the provolone cheese was a nice touch bc we do not like the artificial taste of cheese wiz. Additionally the old bay fries were to die for. We live in Jersey but would definitely cross the bridge to come back againI've ventured to many cheesesteak establishments throughout the city and burbs. Jimmy G's to me seems more like a hidden gem (that's not really hidden.) It sits beside the beautiful newly renovating Devine Lorraine.  After visiting 3 times, the first thing that stands out is Jimmy G's doesn't have those obnoxious lines you get from the those over hyped other joints. It's surprising because the food here is spot on. Both reg cheesesteak and buff chick cheesesteak hit those tastebuds perfectly.  The real star that sets this place well above the rest are the fries. They give you real steak fries seasoned with just the right spice. Shoe string or thin cut doesn't compliment such a Philadelphia staple like Jimmy G's fries do.Very good place to find a cheesesteak, and the staff was very friendly. Pretty easy to find on Broad St.Very good cheesesteak. I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was because of all the competition around, but my cheesesteak was delicious! The bun was soft, cheese was abundant and the meat was pretty good. Would recommend.Ok So I Was In Atlantic City And Had An Itch For Cheese Steak.... This Place Is Amazing... And Affordable Two Steaks Two Drinks And Cheese Fries For $24 You Can't Beat That...... Place Is Clean And Nice... Coming Back Next Week... I Made A Mistake After And Went To Geno's It Was Terrible!!!..,, Jimmy G's Is The Place To Go!!I tried my very first Philly Cheesesteak in Philly here. Of course I've had this amazing sandwich other places, but never in Philly. I was quite happy with my order. It was quite sloppy like I wanted it to be and it offered a great meal two meals after the fact. I couldn't finish the sandwich because it is literally huge. My friend and her husband split one alone and they were both full after the fact as you can imagine. 
We both got the stand cheesesteak with the cheese wiz that it is apparently know for. It was delicious and probably 25,000 calories, but I did NOT shed a single guilt about eating that sandwich. It was sexy!
My friends did split some fries. I felt the fries were standard and nothing special, but that sandwich though!!!!!!!! 
PS
Patio is worth sitting out pending the weather is good. It's cute and plenty of seating.Jimmy G's was a great experience. The building appears to be new and the inside is extremely clean. The service was good, very friendly. We got the cheesesteak with American cheese. If anything, it could've used a little more meat but it was so reasonably priced that we didn't mind. Can't wait to come back in the summer when the patio opens up!Good steaks. A little wet, not the best beef, and not cut down the middle. But still good. I like the condiment options--roasted peppers especially. Prefer hand-cut fries to the ones I was offered. Nice heated tent too.I will admit that I am not the biggest fan of cheesesteaks. They are greasy, poorly seasoned and messy to eat. 
At Jimmy G's, I did thoroughly enjoy the cheese fries, and I ate the steak out of my sandwich. The cheez wiz was rubbed onto the roll and I believe if the cheez wiz was on top of the steak instead, the flavors would seep into the meat more, but instead I found myself scooping extra cheez wiz from my cheese fries onto the steak. 
The bread was an uninspired torpedo roll bread. I guess I am more into the non-traditional cheesesteak with extra spice to add some pizazz and a good, hearty artisan roll to act as a vessel for a cheesesteak.
I don't think I will be coming back, but instead continuing the search for the best cheesesteak to meet my particular taste preferences.I am not a cheese steak person per se, but these were delicious. You have to wait in a long line, and will smell like a greasy cheese steak when you leave, but hey, it is worth it to try one and say you have been to an iconic Philly steak place. nom nomGreat new steak place in Philly! Better quality meat than Genos/Pats etc. The bread was fresh, the selection was great. The other sandwich options looked pretty good as well. The fries were crispy and perfectly cooked. The staff was very friendly. I definitely plan on returning.Jimmy G's claims to have the best fries in Philly-- and I don't think they're wrong, although the cheese fries ended up being more of a Cheez-Whiz Soup with some fries mixed in. The cheesesteak was par for the course in Phillly-- very good. The environment was really great; they are able to capture the Pat's and Geno's outdoor feel in their own fenced-in ecosystem.
Definitely worth trying; probably the best cheese steak north of Market Street.Stopped here on our way out of Philly last night, and the place exceeded expectations. I had a pizza steak and it was warm, gooey, and the perfect amount of spicy. I also split an order of old bay fries with my brother, and oh my, they were amazing. Thick cut fries and the old bay spice was perfect, not too much, not too little, don't miss the fries at this place. I've tried other Philly cheesesteak places and always find myself leaving disappointed, Jimmy G's was an exception. Is it gourmet food, no, but is it solid, well-prepared, yummy food, yes!Okay i have to preface this review with saying that i have only ever eaten there while intoxicated, late at night, and under no circumstances do i order my steaks with Whiz. That being said, still a decent cheesesteak
I'm a fan of a chopped up steak, with american or Prov, and 'wit'. My biggest knock against this place is that they don't cut up their cheesesteak, my girlfriend is the opposite, and she really likes this place, and i'll agree that of all the non chopped meat places, this is probably the best.
The meat has a really good flavor to it, the onions are perfectly cooked, the wait time is usually minimal, but then again, i've only gone after 12 so the foot traffic on broad is limited.
But overall this place is great when you need food and a cheesesteak is the only way to fill yourself up. I've noticed this is a uniquely Philly need, as every time im out of town and need food late at night, all i want is a cheesesteak, and its the only thing i can't have!!!!They claim they have the best fries in Philly they lie shanks steaks and sketch burger have that title;. Low quality food and taste ;pizza fries  had good sauce but some cheap cheese not provelon or motzerella and to boot they have a rude Cook that was talking shit about my  children while I was still ordering I would skip this place  for sure .  Waste of time and hard earn money.Not sure what kind of hoagie bread but sandwich was beyond Soggy, taste like they had been frozen and thawed. No pickles, not enough onions and meat was bland. Fries were the best thing.I have no complaints about this place at all! The pizza steak literally tastes like pizza flavor. The mushroom steak with provolone is also very good. It was my first time trying old bey fries and I am not sure why they are so popular or so well known in philly. Maybe I missed something. Anyhow they were great and inexpensive.Best cheesteaks hands down..cool eating spot too.clean spot you can eat in.good spot for the summertimeWhat a difference a year makes. This used to be my favorite cheesesteak establishment. Last year the steaks were great and so was the customer service. I don't know what happened in the last twelve months.  I just got back from the eagles game and decided to swing by here on my way home. The customer service went downhill very fast. And I noticed that they are really chopping the crap out of the meat and doesn't have the same flavor anymore. I should have went straight home.  I will have to call Oregon steaks my new favorite spot now.Driving along North Broad street and we noticed a sign in big red letters "BEST FRIES IN PHILLY" so of course we had no other choice but to try it. Plus the fact that we needed to have a philly cheese steak while in Philly (obviously). I got a philly steak with provolone cheese and onions with old bay fries. A total of $8. And that's a very good price for the amount of food you get. I had trouble eating more than half and couldn't even finish it. I have to say it's not the "best fries in Philly" but they came pretty close. I would def go again.I came to your business today and the man serving the food was very rude when I asked for pickles to go with my sandwhich he slammed the window in my face. I had to go back to the cashier to get the pickles. I spoke with the manager after a 15 minute waite. If the server can't deal with the public he shouldn't be working the window. A disabled Veteran should be treated with more resepect.This place is garbage. We went late night after a concert hoping to get an amazing cheeser and fries and were very disappointed. The steak was super grissly and tough.  They advertise as having the best fries - I would have to disagree. I'm sticking to del rossi's from now on. Will not go back here.Stopped by this place last Firday. First time having it and let's me start by saying it was awesome! I've had a lot of cheesesteaks and this is the second best I've in the city just barely behind Joe's (formerly Chink's) and better than Tony Luke's and Jim's, which I am also a big fan of. 
The outside has jars of pickles, sweet peppers, hot peppers, ketchup, mustard and horseradish. I love getting a side of pickles and sweet peppers, it's the little things that count.
The steaks were great, going with unchopped meat, which I am not usually a fan of because most places don't use a high quality meat, but Jimmy G's uses a very delicious and tender cut of ribeye, which was delicious. The roll was firm, but not too hard and the provolone cheese was a perfect amount. The onions were medium sized chunks and delicious. My friend got whizz and was very happy with it.
Also, as a bonus, as people have already said, the fries were incredible, some of the best fries I've had. Big chunks of potato that are fried to a crisp like they have some kind of batter on them and then seasoned well. Really really good.
To top it off, the price was reasonable and the staff was friendly, $11 for the steak (decent sized), fries (crap ton, if you go with two people you only need one order of fries) and a drink. They have what seems like temporary indoor seating, but there are heaters so if it is cold, you'll be find seating in there. 
I hope they are getting enough business because this place needs to stay open and be reward for using quality ingredients. Too many places (Pat's/Geno's) are going off of reputation alone and their ingredients have really fallen off, making for a lousy cheesesteak. Give them a try and tell your friends.Jimmy G's is a very solid choice to get a good cheesesteak. I was visiting Philadelphia last week on business and knew I had to get a cheesesteak while I was in town; Jimmy G's was close enough to my hotel and also well-rated here on Yelp, so I decided to give them a try. I wasn't disappointed. At around 8:30pm on a Wednesday night there was no line, so not long a wait for my sandwich. I got a cheesteak with wiz, mushrooms, and onions. It was well-wrapped so still hot when I got it back to my hotel (they have some outdoor seating but it was threatening to rain). The sandwich was delicious, a bit salty because of the wiz but the steak was well-cooked and paired really well with the mushrooms and onions. All told a good sandwich and I recommend Jimmy G's.FLAVOR! FLAVOR! FLAVOR! I eat cheesesteaks about 2x per year. This was definitely worth the calories! I will eat here again. The staff were so nice and that means a lot in this part of town. The food was tasty and not your "usual cheesesteak". I was even able to eat outside in their covered patio, it was warm and quiet. I will be back!After a day of eating steak sandwiches with the fellas at some of Phillys renowned best steak subs shops including Pats and Genos I must say the best steak sandwich we ate today was from Jimmy G's on Broad St hands down. Moist cheesy goodness with mushroom and onions without a whole lot of bread.recent trip to philly and had to have a cheesesteak...didnt make it to pat or genos but tried Jimmy G's and they held up to their yelp reviews...good cheesesteak/service and place was clean but not sure why there is no indoor seating or bathrooms?I was back again today and had the roast pork sandwich.  It was the best I have ever had.  I highly recommend it.  I had the fries again too.  Just love the food here.We drove into Philadelphia just to grab a steak sandwhich from Jimmy G's after our run at the Rocky Stairs! We could not have been more pleased.  Great quality meat and the best bread! The staff was very nice and helpful.  If you are in the area or even if your not, make time to stop by and have a killer cheesesteak here!Exceptionally disappointing. This was my second time driving all the way from upstate ny. First time (2 years ago) was amazing. This time they used frozen steak which made the cheesesteak incredibly runny and greasy. Cheese wiz was runny and greasy as well, maybe because of the added moisture from frozen food. On top of that, the flavor was just not there. Definitely not worth the time or money.By far the worst cheesesteak I have ever eaten. The meat was dry and practically minced, and the roll was semi-stale. And their claim to have the "best fries in Philly"...HA!...tasteless.The Food (Above Average)
Approaching the venue, you smell the sweet majestic scent of philly cheesesteaks being cooked to perfection. I ordered a Large Cheesesteak with Wiz Cheese and Mushrooms and found the taste matched the smell. I enjoyed the meal with three friends, shared some cheese fries, and all of us were impressed with the quality of the food. 
The Atmosphere (Average)
This place has all the basic amenities expected of a decent cheesesteak shop, such as a simple yet enticing menu, clean outdoor seating good for both small and large groups, and a window into the kitchen so you can see your food being prepared. If anything, they would probably benefit from some indoor wall seating.
The Price: (Above Average)
For me and my girlfriend, the price for two enormous cheesesteaks with mushrooms and a soda was around $20, which in my opinion is the sweet spot for cheesesteak-shop pricing.
The Service: (Above Average)
No complaints here, the front-window cashier was very helpful and offered her opinion on several options on the menu, the cheesesteak was prepared quickly yet with care, and the manager asked if we enjoyed our meal on the way out.Best cheesesteak ive had in a looong time. Im kinda nervous to go back bc it might not live up to the 1st time hype. But man i dug it.  Meat was tender, not chewy or fatty.  Couldnt give it 5 stars bc the wiz was juuust a notch below your normal cheesesteak joints and the roll was a tad softer than id like. But again, 4 stars w those problems means it was pretty damn solid.Went here on 9/26/14, the food amazing I have no complaints. The only disappointing moment was when my girlfriend threw out my fries.Cheesesteak for lunch (Cleavers) and cheesesteak for dinner (here), so I had a good basis for comparing at least two places in Philly.
Pros: Found the cheesesteak sandwich to be MUCH superior to the one I had earlier in the day at Cleavers.  Meat was much juicier.  Mushrooms were the traditional kind (instead of portabello, as used by Cleavers).   Overall excellent sandwich. Very reasonably priced.  Nice outdoor seating area.  
Cons: Not much.  Kind of a middle-of-nowhere location, although not far from either Temple's campus or downtown (right in the middle of the two on Broad Street) and right upstairs from subway station.  No indoor seating.  And outdoor seating has these sort of mesh picnic tables that make it hard to set down bottle of soda without spilling them.So the sign on the side of the building read "Best Fries in Philly". Now I haven't had fries everywhere in the city but they were sure the best I had so far. 
Cheesesteak or "wiz with" was so damn good. It was so hot but i couldn't wait to eat it. I can afford a few burns on the top of my mouth. 
Highly recommend if you've never been here or debating on stopping by. Also they do have delivery as an option which is a plus.My sister and I just randomly stopped in on our way back home to NJ,and we were sure glad we did. Cheese steak joints, we've tried THEM ALL, and Jimmy G's is top notch. Great customer service, and friendly to first timers. The best bang for your buck in Philadelphia.Jimmy G was very delicious. It was my second authentic cheesesteak I had in Philadelphia and it was so good! I would recommend this place to friends and familyI feel sorry for what happened with other negative reviews or maybe I always get lucky whenever I'm here? I love Jim G Steak, I have tried many cheesesteak places but only this one really got all of my heart. They always gave me a lot of meat, I love how they chop their meat and no piece of fat meat ( I can't eat the fat meat ) I had beef cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteak, gotta try the lamp one day too. I like seeing when they cook thru the glass, service very fast, also their fries, they are just best out of best.Best steak I've had in a while, plus I love everything about this place...clean, friendly, can pay with credit card, ample seating, ample parking, etc. It's also open late and doesn't get that crowded (this will change though, as it's pretty new and word will soon get out). I envision this place becoming a destination on North Broad.I came here yesterday for a cheesesteak craving I was having. The spot was pretty easy to find, and the huge BEST FRIES IN PHILLY sign out front helped. I have to disagree with the best fries concept. We got cheesefries and all the cheese went to the bottom of the cup leaving the fries soggy which I wasn't a fan of. And they were pretty thick cut so the sogginess happened pretty fast. The cheesesteak was okay. I like that it was chopped steak, I love that but there wasn't enough cheese for the cheese to meat ratio. Also the bread was super greasy on the outside. I personally am not a fan of that. I want my bread to be fresh not freshly greased. Also, I asked for some hot sauce and it was 50 cents... I'll be sure to bring my own hot sauce if I ever come backGreat steaks, courteous service, quick delivery.Don't see anything special about this place besides the location. It's not that the steak was bad, just pretty mediocre and the advertising of best fries in Philly is false.Great place. Stopped here on the way home from work one day for dinner. The server was very helpful and service was quick. I ended up getting the cheesesteak with mushroom and fries. The fries were great thick cut and lightly old bay seasoned!! The cheesesteak was huge and great tasting. Will definitely be going back again!!Just ok.  I think it's missing the flavor from the onions and mushrooms because it was very flat.  Just tasted like meat on a roll.  And the roll itself wasn't that awesome chewy, crusty rolls I am used to in South Philly.  Definitely better places for cheesesteaks in Philadelphia.looked like steam-ums going on the grill.  overall not one I would return for.How can you ride past a place that says BEST FRIES IN PHILLY?! 
NEXT TIME I WILL DO JUST THAT! I LOVE FRIES and was QUITE DISAPPOINTED in these fries. $3.50 for these frozen, pre-battered and seasoned tasting fries in this tiny container. I tasted one and was soooooo disappointed. Needed ketchup but that wasn't even right. In a Heinz container but clearly not Heinz. 
The person taking orders was such a joy. NOT. He was quite rude when he just plopped this mat in front of me and NEVER once said excuse me or I need to lay this mat right here and then he, guy with locks, was just as rude to a couple talking to each other in that he just stared at them and then looked down at the mat. AGAIN, never did he say anything UNTIL he plopped the mat on the males Jordan's and said "MY BAD". 
For the prices they charge the service could be 100X better and they need to remove that portion of their sign claiming to have the best fries in Philly.Got a wiz without and cheese fries. Cheese steak was very good. Meat was not chewy or tough at all. And they give a generous amount of meat on the sandwich. The cheese fries-Oh My God- soooo good!!!! I mean, extremely good. I have been craving them since I had them a month ago! Just wish they'd give more fries to an order (the only reason 4 stars and not 5). Besides that, nothing to complain about. Gotta try it!!Really solid cheesesteaks and great cheese fries for a cheaper price than all of the competitors. The guys that work there are super friendly and nice to me even when I'm under the influence. Lucky to have this spot in Fairmount.Nice place good food but a little on the pricey side other wise i would've given 5 stars.If you are going to Eastern Penitentiary, Jimmy G's is conveniently located. They have nice outdoor seating. Their fries were really good!Here from Atlanta for business and stopped by for a famous cheese steak. Overall very good. Tasty meat and the  are some of the best. If you're looking for a cheese steak , this will certainly satisfy you.Definitely the best cheese-steak I have ever had! I get the chopped steak with onions and sweet peppers, and of course cheese whiz. The old bay fries are awsome too!!Freaking amazing is all I have to say about this place.  Late night food massive variety and the food was excellent.  First and foremost they over cheese steaks chicken cheese steaks and lamb cheese steaks.  Like WTF who offers lamb steaks these guys do that's who.  So you have to come check them out.  I have been to a lot of cheese steak places because well I like them.  So I can tell you if a place is really good or bad and this place is really really good.  The steak they use is a little bit thicker then normal cheese steaks I suspect because it tastes like it is much higher quality then most other places.  Even the cheese was really good gooey and stringy provolone a.k.a. the best way to have cheese.  They have a nice little outdoor seating area for you to enjoy your meal and really good staff so check them out you will be glad you did.Just went here for lunch and i thought it was a really solid cheesesteak.  I reserve 5 stars for only 1 cheesesteak in this town and that's John's Roast Pork.  But anyway.. a few things.
They do cheesesteaks the right way.  They use actual sliced steak (not the frozen chopped stuff) and they actually leave the meat whole instead of chopping it to death - although they'll chop it if you ask.  I got american cheese which came in whiz form from the can.  I didnt mind it but i like sliced american better.  A friend of mine got the chicken cheese steak and again, real chicken and not the frozen chopped stuff.
Overall i thought it was a pretty solid sandwich and definitely one of the best options in the area.  The roll was a little soft for my liking as i prefer the seeded Carangi roll that John's uses.  I will definitely be back and i would definitely recommend it to others.This place is pretty solid. It's got the late night hours to help defeat your cravings at 2am, is next to the subway so you can grab a steak before heading down to the stadiums, and delivers if you just want to stay on the couch all day. Only thing wrong with this place is they don't have coke products which is just not cool in this day and age. Pepsi sucks. 
The workers are also incredibly chill if you get to know them and will always make fun of your one loser friend who decides to "go for a walk but not get a steak". That kid deserves to be made fun of because steaks are all-timeMy new go to cheesesteak spot in Philly!! First off the meat is absolutely the highest quality I've seen; Ginos, Pats, Jims, TLukes, Johns doesn't compare in the quality of the beef used. Other ingredients used were also fresh as well. Taste....mind blowing.  I got the pizza steak w mushroom, hot peppers, onions and provolone cheese and of course pizza sauce...it was amazing, meat melted in my mouth. Jims and pats were my favorite go to for my cheesesteak fix but Jimmy Gs is my new spot.The cream cheese steak - YES - cream cheese.  You think - Oh no way - but then you bite into and realize that this is the ultimate.  Next time I'm going to get it with pizza sauce.Their cheesesteaks are really freaking good. And so are their fries!! Plus they are open so late in case you get late night cravings! Only two small things is I wish they were a tad cheaper and more annoyingly so not leave the cheesesteak wrapped up for too long or it will get soggy.When you go to Philadelphia you get a cheesesteak. On a recent trip, I opted to skip the popular Pat's, Gino's and Tony Luke's cheesesteak institutions and try Jimmy G's Steaks.
One of the newest cheesesteak spots to hit the Philly scene, Jimmy G's is only a few years old. It's located in the Spring Garden area of Philly and has a sleek shiny steel interior and outdoor seating area. This place has also fully embraced social media, with TV screens and billboards showcasing recent Yelp reviews and photos.
After devouring a cheesesteak with Cheez Whiz and onions and some fries, I have to say Jimmy G's can compete with the best of them. The bread was extremely fresh, the meat well-seasoned and nothing beats Cheez Whiz. Check them out next time you're looking for something that's a little less crowded than the usual spots.I went here when it first opened. I was blown away by the quality of the cheesesteak. It was absolutely fantastic. I went back two more times, both great. Then suddenly I went again and the steak was completely different. Now it was chopped up, instead of whole. Not only did it look different, but it tasted like ****! I gave them the benefit of the doubt, maybe a bad day?. But I went back again and the same thing. I asked what was different? They said "we changed the meat".....Nuff said! No more visits for me. However, to be fair, they have great fries!Love this place - i live just a stone's throw away but it is also delicious which makes it that much better! Steaks are huge! I love their classic cheesesteak (with american and banana peppers, only thing that bums me out is they don't have green peppers).
I've also gotten the buffalo chicken cheesesteak with breaded chicken. Delicious. Love the rolls. Open late too! Staff are friendly and cool heated/enclosed area to eat if you want to dine-in. Make sure to check in for $2 off a combo meal! (In total my HUGE cheesesteak, fries which were huge as well - thick steak fries, and coke was 10.50!!)Best place to go for cheesesteaks around fairmount area after late night drinks. Cheesesteak with cheese wiz and onions was delicious. They were generous with the meat they offered. They had other options besides cheesesteak such as chicken, pork and vegetarian. The fries were thick, soft on the inside, but had a nice crisp on the outside. They were seasoned to perfection. Pretty quick service. Place opens until 4am.Best cheesesteak I ever had!  The place is great and service was amazing.  We stopped there with my son's hockey team which had traveled to Philly by bus for a couple of road games.  We arranged our order (about 35 sandwiches plus fries) with the place in advance, and they had everything ready for us when we arrived...still warm and juicy even though our bus hit traffic and showed up late.  Condiments were also fresh and appealing, unlike what I have found in other Philly cheese steak joints. I had the wiz mushroom steak,  with onions, topped with banana peppers, and it was really delicious.   I will be back to try the roast pork!The actual cheesesteak was four star worthy, bread was perfect. However, the steak was a little greasy and my sub needed more cheese and onions.
Minus a star for the slightly unfriendly and slow service and the lack of bathrooms for customers.  Price is also slightly above average.
The place was also deserted on a Sunday afternoon around 3. If you're not familiar with the area the neighborhood is a little rough and I would probably not recommend making a special trip here.He's a clever guy, this Jimmy G fella. Instead of coming into the game claiming 'best cheesesteak', he came in yelling 'best fries'... an interesting strategy. I waited until now to see how long he would last, honestly I never noticed any patrons swarming the place, so I didn't think it would last. But it did, so people must have liked it; so I had to pay my respects.
I went two separate times - once for the steak and once for the fries - to be sure my experiences didn't get mixed up. 
First the steak; chopped fairly fine, whiz with. It was good, and I was unreasonably surprised. They had all the right ingredients: liscio's roll, thin slabs of ribeye, sweet caramelized onion, and an unmarked can of whiz. I don't know why I was surprised; it was good. Next; the fries were steak fries, thick cut, with a crispy outside and mashed potato-like inside. Very good. Not much to say about them other than that. 
Overall it's a good cheesesteak, with very good fries. It is in a weird place, with little foot traffic, so that may be an issue for them; but that area was also missing a decent cheesesteak 'landmark'. I'd go back if I was in the area or heading around TU, but wouldn't leave South Philly to go to Fairmount for a cheesesteak, ever.Mediocre steaks at best.  The sandwich was edible, but nothing special.   I grew up eating cheesesteaks and this is not the the worse I ever had but there are far greater options in Philly for less money.  You can continue down North Broad Street and stop at several other places to get much better.  The service is poor even for a take-out steak place.Super Good! Dude hooked us up. I don't know about all the cheese wiz talk, I'm from Da Chi, we don't do that (lol); BUT I had a regular with peppers and provolone cheese, yummy. It made my night.  The hours said they closed at 4a, but they closed at 2a on this night. So glad I drove past this place, they were the only thing open late. This place put Geno's to Pure Shame, smh.  It's 10x better, and made with SO much Love!I just stopped here by chance on the way home from a late night at work.  Never been here before so I was curious. A lot of places claim they have the best cheesesteak and usually they're hallucinating about the quality of their own product. I ordered a cheesesteak, fries and drink. Everything was ready in about 4 minutes and I sat in the warm enclosed seating area to eat. 
The first clue was the fries.  They were basically the best fries I've ever had. I'm not even kidding. Thick, meaty, real potatoes with a super crunchy delicious skin. They were so good I was actually shocked. I nearly choked on the first one after I tasted how amazing it was. 
Then came the cheesesteak. Let me just say here for a minute that I'm a cheesesteak expert. I've had cheesesteaks in 12 different states, I live in Philly (the home of cheesesteaks), I've made them in my kitchen at home, and they're basically my number one source of food (other than skittles).   So I know a little bit about them. 
Well all I can really say about this cheesesteak is.... it was the freshest, tastiest, 2nd most delicious cheesesteak I've ever had (the 1st was some place in upstate NY that I'll never find again). The meat was freshly sliced right before my eyes, the cheese (provolone, in my case) was plentiful, the mushrooms (extra) were so fresh you could taste it.  The bread was soft but hearty and filling (not like crappy Subway air bread). 
After tonight's fortuitous experience, there's only one place I'm going to be going for cheese steaks. The focus on quality at Jimmy G's is second to none, and frankly, Pat's and Gino's charge 50% more for something I consider to be vastly inferior. 
Great job Jimmy G, whoever you are - you've changed my life forever!
I think I'll go back tomorrow. Are they open for breakfast?When in Philadelphia you have to get a cheese steak.  It's required.  The daughter and I spent a day sightseeing in Philly and we looked up on Yelp which place had the best and Jimmy G's was the best rated and the closest to where we were at the Rocky statue.  So we hoofed it on down to the place (it was a hot day!) and got ourselves some fine hoagies.  I am not a fan of the whiz - yeah, yeah I know it's not considered "correct" but the petroleum product aspect of the whiz gives me the heebie jeebies.  I had the provelone  and the daughter got the whiz.  The sandwiches were hot, delicious and very generous.  The fries were thick and hot, cooked to the right crispiness and the drinks were cold w/ free refills.  The people working at the counter were very pleasant and the cook who refilled our drinks was very nice.  We couldn't have asked for a better Philly cheese steak experience!  Thanks so much!We grabbed a couple of cheesesteaks and an order of fries - the fries were piping hot and crispy and the cheesesteaks were tasty. Used the yelp deal to save $2. Would eat here againComing from New Jersey I was craving a good Philly Cheessteak so I did my research on Yelp and I have good news and bad. The good news is it was the best Philly cheessteak I ever had. The bread was a fresh Italian bread like the one you get in Brooklyn and I kept it simple just provolone cheese onions and sweet green peppers and a order of their famous fries. And damn was it good the sweetness of peppers with steak and cheese was delicious complemented by fries that were crispy on the outside and soft olin the middle. Highly recommend this place for a good tasting philly cheessteak and they open till 2am.  Now for the bad news I'm sitting in NJ side now 2 hours away and craving another one and wish they were located closer.terrible, cheap meat... maybe tourists will like it, but if your'e from Philly, you know its a bad steakMy friend moved in right around the corner and we've hit up Jimmy G's multiple times. The steaks here are solid and well priced! Also, the place is open really late and is excellent if you are coming back a night of drinking. I always go for a cheesesteak with provolone, onions and peppers! Definitely, a good cheesesteak not the best in Philly but you wont be disappointed. If your in the area give it a try!!I'm really glad this turned out to be good.  I live a few blocks away and was very excited to see a cheesesteak place opening up in the neighborhood.  The people here are great, even got a chance to talk to one of the owner's briefly.  The steaks are also very good, I usually go regular whiz but they also have an "american whiz" that is very good.  Their fries are amazing and the free condiment options are great.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a Philly Cheesesteak, especially if you are in the area.Good cheesesteak spot (which in my opinion was needed on this side of City Hall.) No lines and clean! I had a regular cheesesteak with wiz. It went down too easy, dangerously easy. This place holds it's own when compared to all the other famous tourist joints. Easily accessible from the Fairmount Station of the Broad Street Line or there's ample parking if one needed to drive. They have a covered outdoor-ish eating section so you can sit down and enjoy your newly crafted feast.We were at the Eastern State Penitentiary and got hungry for lunch. There didn't look like much was nearby, but we were craving Philly Cheesesteaks. So we went on yelp, and took a 10-15 walk east to find Jimmy G's. The establishment was new, and had a nice outdoor, but covered seating area which shielded us from the windy day. Delicious cheesesteaks!My husband and I stopped at Jimmy G's today as we had heard a lot about the place.  We decided to split a Cheesesteak with wiz and fried onions along with an order of fries.  The girl that helped me at the counter could not have been nicer. She asked if we wanted our meat chopped or not chopped (which is nice that you have an option).  Once the food was done, they asked if we wanted any peppers or pickles on the side (another nice addition that they don't charge you for these).  My husband and I got the steak and it was a great size, the meat was perfectly seasoned and so juicy.  This was literally the best cheesesteak we have ever eaten.  The fries were just as good!  Once again, perfectly seasoned and different then any fries we have had before.  My husband is still talking about how they got the fries so crunchy on the outside, but so soft on the inside.  We definitely will be returning to Jimmy G's to try a different sandwich.  Great service, great food, great location.  Also, the place is super clean!The sub was good.  It just wasn't anything to rave about.  If your looking for a tasty but not your messy/greasy really flavorful steak then this is your place.Best subs around! Not busy and cool sitting areas. Friendly staff and cheap food. Would recommend to people who love cheese steak subsI was in Philly for work, my co-workers and I had just conquered the rocky stairs. We yelped a place to get Cheesesteaks and this place came up. Pretty decent reviews and it wasn't far away. The staff was pretty rude, the cashier seemed irritated to be at work (not judging we have all had that day). I ordered a Philly with the works and fries. Now the fries were delicious! The philly was just ok. I think it was the bread. The meat was seasoned ok. I'm not sure if this is a chain restaurant, but I guess I was looking more for an authentic cheesesteak. This place didn't disappoint but it didn't satisfy either.Found this little spot online, coming from New York we had to make a pit stop here to try an original Philly cheesesteak sandwich in Philly! And this location definitely lived up to my expectations. Wow! Truly mouth watering sandwiches. So good!!! I'm really glad we discovered this spot.Very good! Wife and I ate lunch here, our first Philly Cheesesteak! Nice seating area.Not up to par. Chopped and dried with mediocre cheese. Nowhere near the level of Pats, Tony Luke's, and many others (including some rad food truck steaks). Get a real cheesesteak.Maybe it was an off day but I wasn't in love with my cheesesteak, which makes me sad because cheesesteaks are probably my favorite type of sandwich.
We were walking back from visiting some place and decided to stop by for a cheesesteak. We both got two different kinds and decided it was just okay. Meat was too tough and the bread should have been better. Fries were good.Great cheesesteak spot in Fairmount area! I've tried just about every sandwich they offer and all are delicious. Their fries are equally as good and even better with cheese. I would put Jimmy G's up against any cheesesteak spot in the city. The place is clean, good for lunch/dinner or a late night after a night out.Great service and excellent non chopped steaks , I have eaten at many Philly spots ,but this is on my Top 3 list of service and taste...PHILLY CREAM CHEESE STEAK
This is what dreams are made of*
An absolute win
*seriously this combo is so creamy, cheesy, decadent-- I almost missed my train back to NYCI've seen Jimmy G's birthed on Broad street , working right across the street I was excited to see something new . I've never really been a cheesesteak person (ever )  maybe it's because Pat's & Geno's aren't so good and they're overrated . I've been to Jimmy G's 3-4 times for lunch now and I absolutely love the customer service and the food is DEELicious ! The fries are huge but crispy and good , the bread and steak are soft and thin and FLAVORFUL! Who doesn't love flavor . I recommend this place to anyone and if they tell you different they're in denial . You can't forget the prices , they can't be beat , continue with the good job you're doing!Fire! Fresh! Fast! You haven't had a true Philly Steak until you have stopped here for one. Ty Jimmy G's.wow, outstanding cheese steak with wiz (cheese) and onions.  service was fast and they really appear to want you to have an excellent meal!!! the cook asked how we liked our sandwich and the cheese fries were stacked and packed to create as little mess as possible. Definitely a recommend and return often.Solid cheesesteak. Made swiftly. Be aware, they don't have Lettuce or tomatoes if you're into that kind of thing... Just meat, cheese, and condiments lol. I've been here twice and I've enjoyed my cheesesteaks. They're pretty good BUT I will say they are not the best Philly has to offer. I still recommend a visit if you wanted to try a variety of options in Philly. At the time of my second visit, they offered a discount if you checked in on Yelp so be sure to do that if it's still available. Ain't nothing wrong with saving $$$.Now I've been a few times and the sandwiches are always good, but the service is hit or miss. WE were coming back from the eagles game yesterday, so we got off at the broad st station right next to Jimmy G's to get steak sandwiches. My brother in law walks up to the window and orders 4 steak sandwiches. The girl at the window says "3 sandwiches, right?" He replies "no, 4. 4 sandwiches" she says 3 right? Again, he tells her 4 sandwiches to which she says "okay okay, I got it". he looks at the receipt, adn sure enough only 3 sandwiches. Then I order next and get my sandwiches and she asks do I want my meat chopped or sliced. I order them chopped. I'm waiting, and watching the guys make my sandwich. I see them slicing the meat not chopping it, but coudln't get thier attendtoin to fix it. the guy hands me my sandwiches and I ask him if it's chopped or sliced, because it looked like they were sliced and I ordered them chopped. he tells me "yeah it's chopped". I tell him "uhh naw can you check it, I sw you put them together and it was sliced" then he tells me "well it says right here on the ticket that you ordered sliced" I had them fix the sandwiches, but he didn't seem to happy about it. I told him to not worry about remaking them, just chop it up. Got my food, but the sevice was just super subpar. All in all good sandwich spot, just prepare for off service and you should be fine.Excellent cheesesteaks and fries. See the process in front of your eyes.  Steak was great, bread delicious and fresh. Onions and peppers tasty. Plain fries were thick and tasty. Outdoor and indoor seating on busy corner of No Philly.Surprisingly good!
 I wasn't expecting this a good steak for North Philly- I was expecting a chopped up cheap imitation of a steak for what Center-City and North Philly usual produce. What you get is top-quality SLICED steak, clean atmosphere, condiments outside in bowls. Even the pickles are real thick, juicy pickles not sliced wet cucumbers that look like they should be in a salad. I've returned 3 or 4 times already since they have opened. 
Much better than many of the steaks I see in "top ten' lists.Bad management:
The owner is no good. There is a restroom right by the front door that is only for employees. He could easily have a key for paying customers to use. We traveled out of our way to visit this place and our kids had to pee when we arrived. After paying $35 for food, we were declined the privilege of using the bathroom. There is no where nearby to go so it was hard to enjoy our food. We had to take a few bites and rush out. 
The staff was very nice and they did well with preparing our food. Despite that, the owner or manager felt the need to correct an employee disrespectfully in front of customers.We couldn't leave Philly without having a genuine cheese steak! Tony Luke's a couple of years ok was a long wait and just ok. My husband really enjoyed Jimmy's. The cheesesteak ($8.50) was seasoned really well, nice blend of onions and peppers. My chicken cheesesteak ($8) had a nice peppery chopped chicken. They don't cheat you on portions here! Plain fries were nice and mealy. I'm trying to figure out how to attach pictures...only bummer is that there's no bathroom access here but a hand sanitizer dispenser which doesn't help your bladder.So I went to this place thinking it was Jims cheese steak but after ordering I realized it wasn't.  I took my sandwich and headed to Jims so I could compare the two. In all honesty Jimmys Gs philly cheese steak surpassed Jims. I'm so glad I came here even if it was an accident. The meat in the philly cheese steak was so well flavored and not too heavy.  I ordered light on the whiz and they put the perfect amount in. then the fries.... Wow not too thin or overly thick.  They were actual fries with a southern seasoning . I had Genos yesterday too but even theirs didn't compare to Jimmys Gs. Definitely skip the long lines and come to this place. Jimmy Gs!Delicious! The steaks are huge! Fries with old bay are a must. If you are in Philly and need a steak, this is a solid spot.I am a New Yorker and thus a novice when it comes to cheesesteaks so this review is not that of an experienced Philadelphian.  With that said i loved these cheesesteaks!   Over the years I had tried genos, pats,and Tony Luke's.  All of them were good however Tony Lukes was my favorite of the three...until now.   The meat is very well seasoned  and the bread held up perfectly with the onions and wiz.  This is my new favorite Philly cheesesteak..good job Jimmy Gs!I would be giving 5 stars until I got to the second half of my cheesesteak and found mold on the bread. It was a patch of mold the size of two quarters side by side. I took it back up to the counter and got my money back. I'm hoping I didn't eat any of the mold. If you're gonna come here check your bread.First time having a Philly cheese steak in philly. It was super good, not overly greasy or sloppy, the perfect amount of neat with the authenticness of a cheese steak sandwich. The cooks seemed to be very camera friendly as well.Yum! Yum! Yum! 
My First Philly Cheesesteak and it did not disappoint!
This place was recommended by a local. I do not recommend walking here, but the place is clean and nice once you get there. FYI - they only have outside seating. Also try the Old Bay Fries!Theeeeeeee BEST cheese steak in Philly thus far. I tried Genos and Pats but they were okay... JIMMYS IS SOOOOO GOOD!!! Them cheese fries were everything!!Stopped in before Temple basketball game with some friends. Service was very friendly.  
Food was good but not great.  Don't like my cheesesteak chopped.  For cheese fries, all the cheese was on the bottom. 
Was nice having heated seating area.The food was really good! The gentleman behind the counter were not so great. Making sexual comments& faces kinda turns you away. 
As long as I'm with a large group of people, I'd might go again.Variety of sandwiches is great and they are made fast and custume to your like. I always order the cheesestake and my boyfriend the meatball sub. every time I go to philly try to sneak a visit and order to go if I don't have time to eat there. The place is clean although doesn't have a restroom.I went here yesteday at about 2pm.
I am only giving this two stars because the fries are awesome. The cheesesteak was fatty, salty, and gross. I will never come back.
On top of this, the service was SLOW!!!Great tasting cheesesteak! The guy recommended the cheesesteak with onions and wiz and it was very good. Star off for no bathroom.Maybe was an off day, but I was very disappointed in the steak.  The meat was very thick and chewy, not what I expected at all.  Also there wasn't much flavor.  Certainly not worth the money or calories.This was the worst cheesesteak I've ever had, you can get a wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy better steak for the same price at Jims or Phillips. Matter fact a poppi store steak beats this by a thousand. Never eat here it's for tourists who don't know any better or people from DelawareMy friends and I were in Philly for the Made In America festival and after two days of solid drinking, it was determined that feasting on some Philly cheese steaks was a must.  
We are old and cannot party like we used to, so we had the food delivered.  They originally said it'd be about 25 minutes but the food arrived almost an hour later.  If you want to see a sad sight, deliver food 35 mins late too a bunch of hungover and cranky women. 
The food was okay.  They have quite a variety of cheesesteaks and different meat options such as pork, chicken and beef.  I tried the chicken Italiano, which was good.  Their portions are huge and menu items are very reasonably priced.  The fries had the right flavor but arrived pretty soggy.
The delivery guy was pretty nice though and once we were fed, we were less grumpy.Found a hair in my food after taking 2 bites. After taking it up and politely asking for another one I was yelled at by the cook and accused of planting my own hair in there. Seriously dude what incentive would I have to plant my hair in a sandwich after 2 bites? We chucked our sandwiches out and moved on.We live a block away, so we were anxious to find out if this place was any good- it could have been a real disappointment or a goldmine. Lucky for us, it was somewhere in the middle!
Good as-you-like-it made-to-order cheesesteaks with EXCELLENT old bay fries. Open late and service is usually great! A good addition to the neighborhood!It was a flavorless Cheese Steak Sandwich.. I wish that I would have gone to Pats or Ginos.  I had a mushroom, onion steak with provolone..  Definitely a dissapointment...My girlfriend and I came across Jimmy G's late one night after shopping and couldn't have had a better dinner. The owner was very polite, professional and even gave us both free hot soup because it was snowing. They've a heated indoor tent as well outdoor seating with lit trees. The sub's easily out-class Pats or Genos due to all the fresh ingredients.
Food aside I'm very pleased to see someone make use of the Broad & Fairmount Septa intersection; it's such hot property to build at. And Jimmy G's is hopefully the start of a new hip area to hangout at.We had a WONDERFUL experience!! It was our first time to have real a Philadelphia Cheesesteak and it did not disappoint. If Chris is there, ask him to make yours, he's awesome! We talked to quite a few locals who were eating there, who said it's the best place around for cheesesteaks (always a good sign when the locals like it)!One of my favorites spots int he city. Very fresh ribeye meat. Cheese fries are the best I've had!This should be the new gold standard for a cheesesteak in Philadelphia. I've been eating cheesesteaks in Philadelphia for 40 years. Each steak is cooked to order. Not from a pile of dry meatI've spent a lot of time in Philly, and Jimmy G's on N Broad Street is where I have had the best cheesesteak. 
Additionally, the service at this place is terrific. No question. When it's slow, when it's hectic, when the weather is so hot you wonder how the pavement hasn't melted.
It's so good that I go out of my way to get there
.
It's so good that I always ask if the owner has adjusted his policy to permit a tip jar.
THAT is how good the food and the service are here. Ya dig?Hell. Yes! I'd give this place more stars if I could! It's what I think all Philly Cheesesteaks aspire to be. Lots of well-seasoned beef (or chicken or lamb or more!) and great bread with amazing grilled onions and mushies. Super filing at a ridiculously reasonable price! Get the cheese fries too. They're worth it even after walking ten blocks back to the hotel before first bite. I'll be back before departing from this trip!!
Oh yeah, the staff were friendly and kicked ass as well. Don't think it goes unnoticed! Thanks guys!!I've only been here one time but I will be back time and time again. After having a SUPER subpar first Philly cheesesteak experience at Reading Terminal Market, I decided to give this place a shot because I know cheesesteaks are supposed to be the opposite of what I had. (Cheese was not melted at ALL and the meat had no flavor) 
Jimmy G's was a quick walk from my place and worth the steps! The spot is a semi-outdoor, walk up with a simple menu that makes ordering as a newbie very easy. Plus the staff is friendly and will help you out, if needed. 
I will make this simple, get WIZ (cheese sauce). It makes the sandwich, I swear. Juicy, flavorful, and just down right GOOD. The meat was tender, the bread was soft. It was everything I imagine a true Philly cheesesteak to be. It's going to be tough not stopping here everyday after that walk home from work, but I will be a regular! 
YUM!I visit Templetown often, and I'm always on the hunt for good eats! I mean, what else would I eat in Philly besides a cheesesteak?! So, it's safe to say I'm always on the hunt for a good cheesesteak. I was on my way to another spot on the other side of town, but this place caught my eye! It was a Saturday night around 11pm, and the place was pretty much empty! No long line?! WHAT?! I got a little nervous since most cheesesteak places in Philly almost always have lines out of the door! I'm super happy I ventured on in! Although the cheesesteak wasn't the best I've ever had, it was STILL good! Juicy meat, fresh bread, perfectly sauted onions and peppers with mayo and a touch of ketchup? Yes, please! What really stood out for me were the old bay fries- OMG SO GOOD!! I will definitely add this place to my list of places to go!Grabbed some cheesesteaks last night after a concert and was very satisfied with our experience at jimmy g. I ordered the chicken cheesesteak and thought it was great! Friend ordered the regular cheesesteak with wiz and also enjoyed his meal. Also ordered the old bay fries which were great. I'm sure we will go back for more late night meals. Eat it!Good cheesesteaks but a little salty. Staff wasn't the most pleasant but got my cheesesteak fix.Good steaks that are filling and fresh tasting. They have specials and combos to take advantage of. Kitchen appears to be clean, and employees are friendly. They also have an outdoor seating area perfect for summer nights.I'm thrilled there is a good philly cheese steak spot close to home. My husband picked up take-out both times so I didn't have a chance to see the establishment. Both times I had the cheese steak with wiz and onions. The first time I was expecting chopped meat but it was still delicious. My husband said they will chop it if requested which I made sure to do the second time. Both time delicious....yum!Let me preference with saying, I like the options and diversity of different kinds of cheesesteaks you can get here. Example: lamb cheesesteak, fish cheesesteak, cheesesteak with cream cheese. 
I ordered a cheesesteak w/ provolone and light onions. To put it simply. It wasn't that great. Was really hungry, excited to eat a cheesesteak and it was just alright. Not bad, but not great. Bread was probably my least favorite part, which in philly it's one of the most important parts of a cheesesteak. When I opened my cheesesteak after walking a minute and half to the car it was all greasy and half of my sandwich was completely soaked, so that was a mess. 
I truly wanted to have a better experience here, maybe next time?First and only cheesteak i've ever has in Philly. I had it delivered and it was tasty. They forgot my peppers but it's fine they didn't forget my pickles. FRIES FRIES FRIES were crackin'I've been here a few times and have liked everything I've tried. Their steaks, italian roast pork, chicken sandwich and fries are all great and come in large, shareable portions. It's also easy to park nearby and they have plenty of seating unlike many other steak shops. So glad this place opened on North Broad!Hands down the BEST Cheesesteaks in Philly!!! You don't want to miss this place! We found this because our Uber driver told us we must try it. On our trip we had been to several other places Jim's, Pats, Geno's, Sonny's, Steve's. The Uber driver was right! Jimmy Gs is the best they have friendly staff and great French fries. The Cali Crew votes Jimmy Gs #1.Super shitty customer service. We walk up and the ghetto workers are screaming and cussing each other out. The loser taking our order didn't even put it in correctly. We discovered several items missing but decided to forget it. Hoping the Philly cheesesteak would redeem the situation we were let down again. So basic with barely any flavor.Good cheese steaks, fast. I've never had a cheese steak from Jimmy G's I didn't like. Their new lamb steaks are no exception. Make it a combo with a drink and some old bay cheese fries for just a few bucks more. I'll be back again and again.As a visitor to the city I wanted to try an authentic Philly cheesesteak. I tried the Cheesesteak with Wiz and an order of fries. Both of them were served piping hot. The steak was tasty,  tender, and flavorful, and the fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The person who took my order was very friendly and welcoming. It was worth the visit.The food is not very good at all and the staff is not accommodating.  They seem to think their food is much better than it is. I do like that they offer outdoor seating.2nd trip to philly... First time I tried Max's.. This time my friends and I agreed to try this place out after surfing thru Yelp ... I got the cheesesteak with whiz cheese and it was really good.. The bread was fresh and soft and the steak was unchopped and served quickly. Not too pricey and the FRIES ARE AMAZING. I'd recommendOMG! Got a hankering for a real, homemafe true Italian pork sandwich and I saw the Jimmy G's lite sign like a beacon. The seasoning is spot on and the pork moist and tender. The roll worked perfectly holding in all that goodness.
I now have a new favorite roast pork sandwich. I can't wait to try the cheesesteak next time.Went to philly for a friend's birthday bash and this place was the perfect day-after recovery grub. My friends and I were looking for some good philly cheesesteaks and the only locations I knew of were either too far or too greasy. Finding this spot was glorious. A lot of options for cheesesteaks and fries and my friends and I were pleasantly satisfied. Would deff come here again when in the area.Everything about this cheesesteak was delicious. Flavorful, moist, fingerlicking good. Quick service, great seating area, ample parking. Default meat isn't chopped but there were signs saying you could ask for it that way. We opted for the not chopped, wiz version. They also offer horseradish, sweet peppers, hot peppers and pickles on the side.  And the cheese fries are scrumptious!It was the worst experience ever. The sandwiches were not that good at all. The employees were not welcoming, the guy that took our order had an attitude. Actually everyone in there had an attitude. I don't even know why it has 4 stars when I think it only deserves 1 or 2 (not even). I would not recommend this place whatsoever.Yes the meat to bread ratio was perfect , but this is cheaper meat for sure and the bread was not very good.  Not sure how this spot has so many positive reviews. 
I would try elsewhere.Hot, fresh, quick, tasty, plentiful.     Had the Cheese steak with wiz and grilled onions, fries and soft drink.  $11.50 for a great tasting sandwich where the roll couldn't hold all the meat they put in it.  Made to order, while I watched and then relaxed in the outdoor seating area on a beautiful day.  Great food and a solid value!Solid steak. Nothing stands out. Would def eat here again though. Not the best, not the worst.I have been to Jimmy G's Steaks a few times for lunch since I work in the area and I have to say you can't go wrong if you want a great cheese steak. I have had the fries as part of the combo and they are decent. The combo is great if you want a fully satisfying meal without breaking the bank.When is Philly you have to get a cheesesteak so I tried something new and landed here ! Food was good and came out fast ! Next I know to ask for extra Whiz didn't seem like there was enough on it ! But Next Time !This was my first time in Philadelphia in quite a long while, so we were all looking forward to some original, delicious Philly Cheese Steaks. Everything I heard was that you HAD to go with the traditional cheese steak with Cheese Whiz, so that's what I got.
It tasted good, but it was quite salty and a bit soggy.  I'll chock up the salt to the whiz, and the sog to the fact that we carried them 4 blocks back before eating them.  However, there was just something missing.  More beef flavor, more onion flavor...something.
The fries were just okay, and the "juice" was a super-sweet fruit tea thing.  It was so sweet I actually had to toss it.  Next time, I'd skip the "meal" and just get the sandwich.
I would go back, but based on the reviews, I'd probably opt for the lamb with a different cheese.The crab fries were pretty good. The buffalo chicken cheesesteak wasn't bad. The three stars are for the girl who took my order acting like she was doing me a favor by letting me spend my money there.So this place has this weird addition where it looks like a tent, but it's glass and metal. I liked the layout otherwise, the setup is interesting. There is an enclosed counter space where it's like a production line. First window they take your order. Move down and you watch your food being made, then pick up your order at the second window.
Some of the staff were friendly. Some, little rough around the edges but otherwise fine. I'm not here for a fine dining experience.
I liked the cheese steaks here, they were pretty good. Definitely worth checking out. My wife didn't particularly care for it. Which was fine because I ended up eating her cheese steak. It was good reheated. At least I thought so.
I came on a Tuesday night and it was I don't know, 8 or 9pm. But service was otherwise quick since there weren't too many people at that time.I think the cheesesteak with Philadelphia Cream Cheese and onions was probably the best sandwich I have eaten...EVER!!! Perfect flavors, juicy meat with a roll that is tender but holds up to the juicy meat! Oh. My. Goodness!!! Then, let's talk about the cheese fries!!! Those were definitely the best fries ever to go into my mouth! Fresh cut fries with Cheez Whiz. Dang! I am going to be remembering this lunch for a long time with a blissful smile on my face!It's a crappy cheesesteak with stale rolls. Just my opinion but I'm sure many may feel the same way.Absolutely amazing Philly cheesesteaks and fries! Great portions for the price! We ordered four Philly cheesesteaks and they were all great! The mushrooms were cooked perfectly!We went here because our two top choices were closed due to the holiday.  This place offered standard cheesesteaks, quick service, in a random location surrounded by abandoned buildings (that are being developed, of course).  It's worth going to if you're in the area if you want something that is decent and quick, but it's definitely not close to the best in Philly.Another super solid cheesesteak spot in Philadelphia. They all (like 9 out of 10 philly cheesesteak spots) taste pretty good. Nothing mind numbing-ly spectacular in all the spots imo.
Here, we follow the tried and true simple recipe for success. Thinly sliced rib-eye beef, caramelized onions, can of whiz. Slop it all onto a decent amoroso roll, so when lifting to face hole you feel a slight heft. A bit of residual oil drenching into the bread but not sogging through. 
Quick and friendly service here. Prices skewed slightly lower than some other restaurants. Maybe I'll try the fries next time, their supposed claim to fame. Was definitely too full this time around. 
An FYI, no restrooms here, so drink sparingly before your visit.I'm giving this spot a 5 off top because the cheese steaks were exactly what we were craving and hit every necessary spot on our taste buds. The cheese was melted to perfection, we went with American, and the onions added the perfect punch to even out the sandwich. The bread was nice and soft but maintained its integrity and didn't get soft or mushy rather. My son got 2 hotdogs, which looked fried, and I actually prefer mine like this; so it was only right I snuck a bite. Boy am I glad I did. No ketchup or mustard necessary, which is unheard of for me to be frank. Besides the service, as the cashier was hella friendly and helpful, as were the other dudes in the back (on the grill and serving the food/ drinks), my daughter was able to indulge in the chicken fingers and fries without impacting her food allergies. The cashier told us we would be ok (since she's allergic to damn near everything from dairy, peanuts and even GARLIC), and thank God she was right! You never really REALLY know since some of these ingredients are so common and some may slip by, but homegirl was on point and we are grateful the baby was able to enjoy the food/ experience with us.  Next time I'm in Philly I will have a go to spot. I've tried many places over the last 15-20 years coming down here but this place beats them all, hands down!Got the cheesesteak w Whiz & onions.
I've been in Philly for close to four years, now, and had pretty much written off the cheesesteak as way overrated. Hadn't done Pat's or Geno's (which I've heard weren't worth the effort anyway), but had hit a number of other recommended joints, with the same results: a sandwich that was okay to start, turning into an ordeal to get through about halfway through.
Jimmy G's restores my faith in the cheesesteak: a generous but not overwhelming portion of steak, well-seasoned and prepared, still juicy when you bite into it. Bread is chewy and tasty but strong enough to hold together for the length of your meal. Enough Whiz to make its presence known without dominating; onions in good balance to the rest of the fillings. Only thing I could wish for is that they put out a bottle of hot sauce (Frank's Red Hot, please) to dribble onto the sandwich, but this is so good that I didn't really miss it.
Make no mistake, there's nothing profound or sophisticated about this. It's just good, solid food. It's the first cheesesteak that I'm looking forward to getting again.So far my first cheesesteak and fries in town. Ordered beef, onions, and Wiz. It was all good but not out of this world. Conveniently located near subway. 
FORGOT ABOUT THE YELP DISCOUNT COMBO!! =( $12 and some change before discount.  In any case, reasonable price for a filling meal.My goal was to grab a cheese steak before heading back to the airport and this one happened to be in the area with really good reviews. Most importantly, people mentioned there isn't really a wait. In fact, I was the only one there so that worked out really nicely.
I found this cheesesteak to be really good but I don't know if I would go as far as saying it's the best in town. Like someone told me, it's really hard to go wrong when you are in Philly and this case in point. Unlike other places I read about, I thought the staff here was really nice, polite, and efficient (read: not cocky/arrogant) so I really appreciated that.Pretty good cheese steaks and fries. They have good options for cheese including the classic whiz or the ever popular provolone. One of the best things about this place is that the staff is patient, friendly, and helpful.Simply the Best I have ever had. Ordered the Cheese Steak with provolone cheese onions and peppers.  It's flavors exploded in my mouth giving me a true Philadelphia experience....
Go here. Order... Go upstairs and enjoy.....On my way to pick my child up from SaT
Review, I realized I was at least an hour early.
Since time management is my forte I head to a building with bright Vegas lights nearby. 
Not a casino but a cheesesteak place.
Amid high competition in Philly with big names like... I won't say it, I was really interesting and curious trying this place!!
The workers were friendly. No chairs in sight to sit. 
I was disappointed to See the steaks were frozen.. Anyway I had my sandwich and it was good. Not the best, but better than the those "philly big names". The fries were YUM and I wish I ordered more. 
I would come back to This joint but seating would be better. I had to eat in the car!Stopped here after a 76rs game. The food was alright, it wasn't bad but also didn't "hit the spot". The fries are so good ! Sandwich was packed with meat but too light on the cheese and the peppers for me. My fianc got the same chicken cheesesteak but he got extra peppers on his, and liked his way more than I did. Maybe that is what made the difference. They have a cute heated seating area that's def a major plus in the winter months !Delicious food. Great to be able to sit and eat. Fast and friendly service. Jimmy Gs definitely is worth eating.Great place to get well seasoned cheesesteaks. Environment is clean and there's usually always street parking available (pay the meter because the meter maids patrol the hell out of the area). I generally opt for the plain cheesesteak with onions and ketchup, however I've tried he mushroom cheesesteak which as delicious as well. Lastly the old bay seasoned fries are a MUST. Good size order for just under $4.00. Outdoor heated area seating available for those that want to sit and dine. Highly recommended place outside your typical cheese whizzed cheesesteak of Philly.Open late and gave me everything I wanted for a good price. Also, it wasn't cash only!Cheesesteaks were good to average. Nothing special, nothing to write home about. Got one with grilled onions and provolone and guest got pepperoni cheesesteak. We all agreed that they were good but would not make a special trip to eat them. Service was fast and seating was bench style with outside seating covered in the colder months. Better options out there folks.This place has the driest cheesesteaks ever!!! I asked for a cheesesteak with American cheese, mayo and fried onions! What I got was a dry cheesesteak with cheese and no fried onions. It had no taste. I have made steakums at home that was better than this disgusting cheesesteak. I will never be back again, my boyfriend came from NYC to visit and when he tasted this mess he threw up in his mouth in disgust. This is sad, you need to do better or just close if your gonna be selling this dry nastiness!!!! ZERO STARS!!!!!!! BEWARE!!!!!Good  cheesesteak place. Very good  variety of meat to use in cheesesteak. I had the mushroom cheesesteak with whiz. The whiz was brushed onto the bread. Very tasty sandwich!One of the better cheesesteaks I've ever had.  It was clear there's tremendous pride of ownership in the place.  The inside and outside of The property were absolutely spotless (the owner was actually outside wiping down the stainless steel at the order counter while we were there) and the staff was more than friendly.  I prefer a little more cheese than they put on the sandwich, but it consisted of tender, well-seasoned, high-quality beef and a very good roll.   I'd definitely go back and try some of the other items on the menu like the roast pork.Went there to try a Phily Cheese Steak sandwitch. While the sandwitch was not that bad, it wasn't good either and definitely did not justify the price that was asked for it.My husband and I split a classic cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteak. Both were very good! The fries were also really good, an they give you large portions. We sat in their outside area and enjoyed our meal. Will definitely come back.I'm not a local but I love in PA and visit Philly often. I don't think a cheesesteak is all that complicated; but it can be terrible if the meat is dry, or the bread is not the right texture or size, etc. 
I haven't been to Pat's or Geno's, because they are too promoted and I have no desire to deal with the hype. Neither do I want to deal with parking in an out of the way neighborhood. I have been to Tony Luke's, and that was really good.
BUT, I love supporting the new guy! Jimmy G's set out to make a good cheesesteak, paying attention to what's important, the quality of course, but also the experience. The food is awesome as are the people. Order whatever you like, it'll be great. Bill for me and the kids was $40- 4 cheesesteaks, 2 fries and 2 drinks.Average. Nothing that wow'd me. Nice outdoor seating and parking available in front. Ordered the wiz cheese steak with cream cheese hoping this would be something differently, or a signature sandwich.. but i didn't taste any difference in the sandwich. Nice staff, but they didn't know much and looked like they were just putting it together however.. good for a first try, unlikely to return.Huge portion, low price and fast service. Perfect for a quick bite at night. I ordered a lamb sandwich with tzatikki sauce. Bread could be cooked crunchier. They should also put more sauce because it was quite bland. I end up putting lots of ketchup on it. Lamb itself was great.Was in philly for the weekend and I came here for my Philly cheesesteak. I've already had Pats and Genos before and they were okay. I wasn't blown away by them. So this time I wanted to try a different place and that's where I found this spot. I ordered the cheesesteak with provolone, onions and mushroom. The sandwich was delicious. The steak was tender and flavorful and it bread was fresh and soft. The ratio of cheese to meat and bread was perfect. I also had an order of cheese fries which was delicious as well. The fries was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and the cheese was a perfect compliment to the fries. I was in cheesesteak and fries heaven. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in philly.a decent sandwich with good fries...but should give more.....bryce....nice guy .. the only complaint is all the workers inside are talking and having fun...even dancing...they should be using mouth guard in these unprecedent time....even when  its not these crazy timesStumbled upon this spot after some unforseen circumstances and oh boy did I hit the treasure cove. Seemed like a pretty popular joint when you first walked in and see the crowd with their hungry eyes watching their steaks being cooked on the line in front of them. Now I must say I was not craving for steak but by the time I reached the front of the line it was what my mind was set on. 
They have a pretty good variety of choices and I was curious to try the lamb steak with tzatziki. With this I was able to upgrade my order with fries and a drink for 4$ more and they are apparently known for their fries so I had to try them out. I ended up with an amazing steak sandwich topped off with a side of some old bay fries. This was easily one of my best steak sandwich experiences in Philly and definitely recommend if you have a craving for it in the area.As a person who's been dying to try some authentic Philly cheesesteak, I was pretty let down by the cheesesteak here. Don't get me wrong, it was fine but it was more of an onionsteak than anything else. There was barely any cheese and it got real oily real fast. Again, the "meat" in itself tastes fine and it's not something that could easily taste bad, but just expected the cheesesteak to be more cheesy?It was just ok for me.  The size of the sandwich was good, the quality of the meat and bun were just ok.Only half in the pic bcuz I was starving lol. The spot is good, clean and there wasn't a line. My wife and I both order chicken cheesesteaks. She got onions, hot peppers and American cheese on hers while I got roasted peppers, onions, hot peppers provolone and sweet peppers on mine. Both of us didn't have enough cheese on our cheesesteaks in our opinion even tho the chicken and veggies were cooked well. The seasoning was good too just wasn't a GREAT sandwich so we chose 4 stars. The fries on the other hand were amazing!Never heard about this place. I notice it while picking up the wife from work. Big signs red building stating the best fries in philly. So I wanted to see if they're really the best. The place is on broad and ridge. Finding parking around the place wasn't bad. No meters to pay. So got there check the menu out. Look like your typical geno's or pat's menu. But what caught my attention and is also why I gave it four stars. Was the lamb steak sandwich. So that's what I got lamb and cheese. Simple, easy, a no brainier for me. They have other lamb sandwich but I'll keep mines easy. Lamb wiz and fried onions. It was so juicy and tender, juice just drips out all over my hand. It a must try. And the fries, it is good. All that plus a fountain drink the came with it. $13 Definitely going back.Everyone raves about you can't go to Philly without trying a Philly cheesesteak and I wasn't impressed.
While there was nothing wrong with the wait time or the service the food didn't wow me. 
Although it was 2 in the morning when I ordered the woman who took my order was nice, the guy at the checkout wasn't as friendly, didn't seem happy to have a rush of customers. 
The food was okay, I wouldn't suggest it, nor do I plan on going back.Really good cheesesteak. Worth the trip. The sandwich is so big it can be shared 3 ways.In July, my boyfriend and I went to Philly to see a concert at Union Transfer (Super Furry Animals, if anyone is curious). We decided to do a day trip, driving down from Jersey and then heading back after the show. We stopped at Jimmy G's to grab something to eat before our 1  1/2 hour trip back to North Jersey.
We found street parking nearby and walked over. So basically, you walk up to a window and place your order, watch the cook through a glass divider make your sandwich on the grill, and then pick up your food at the end window. Then you can sit down at one of the outdoor benches. 
We sat down and chowed down on our Veggie Steaks. Yes, there are Veggie Steaks (and there are lots of different vegetables in there, to boot). Plus, like the other steak sandwiches, you can order a Veggie Steak with either American, Provolone, or Whiz (Cheez Whiz, that is). We went with Provolone, but I did get my Whiz on with my order of Cheeze Fries. :)
So if you are looking for late night eats, go here. You won't regret it.Really just not a good sandwich.  Chicken cheesesteak was swimming in melted goo and was a mess to eat.  Rolls were weak and limp.  Good, quick service and reasonable pricing and chicken option is all that saves this from 1 star.  This is not the place to go for a good Philly steak sandwich.To be honest, after reading the reviews I expected the Philly cheesesteaks from Jimmy's to be good, but they exceed my expectations. The bread had spent enough time on the grill to be soft on the inside and crispy on the exterior. I don't know what type of cheese Jimmy's uses but...Wow! And meat was so tender and flavorful. In sum, you won't be sorry if you stop in. Also, don't forget to check in on Yelp for 2 bucks off a combo.Wait: A few people in line. It was around 8pm. 
Server: The service was good. Nice people. 
Food Quality& Order: I was able to order a Gluten Free configuration of a cheesesteak. That was good enough for me. I hadn't had one from Philly in so long. My boyfriend and his brother both ordered traditional cheesesteaks. We ordered fries. They didn't come out with our order. We went back to get them and once they cooled down, they weren't all that good. Basically, they tasted not fully cooked. Other than that, our experience food wise was good!
Atmosphere& Decor: This is a walk up joint like a lot of cheesesteak places in Philly. It was a great weather night, a tad humid, but we sat outside in the courtyard. It's simple, it works. 
Go visit!No other cheesesteak place in Philly should even be considered over Jimmy G's. Pats and Genos literally have insane lines for nothing. My first trip to Philly I had both Pats and Genos and it's the most rushed, fast food, garbage Philly ever. I then tried Sonny's, which was very good, definitely better than Pat and Geno's and they're open late which is always a plus, but THEN I tried Jimmy G's. 
Let me tell you, you'll watch the cooks slice and chop your steak FRESH. You can see the love going into your sandwich. They are friendly. They don't rush you if you don't know to say "One, wiz, with," and they have real cheese. I'm sorry but cheese wiz is disgusting and shouldn't be the staple of any place. Jimmy G's made my mouth water. I tried the lamb and the steak and both were just to die for. The fries are some of the best fries I've ever had. They were puffy and seasoned and delicious and perfect and I have nothing bad to say about this place and need to go back now.I got the cheesesteak.  Jimmy G's is a pleasant surprise on N Broad St. Chopped meat which I like, nice guys and little court yard to sit in. all for $9.