Fun drink menu, reasonable prices, fast service, excellent food (cheesesteak wit moonshine & lightening burger)Really great atmosphere and service but prices are a little too high! Great place to go if you want a country/sports bar type atmosphere.So let me say I went last night for a "moonshine" tasting.  Well let's say the moonshine tasting was one shot of moonshine and unlimited bud lite I think it was.  Let's just say glad I didn't have to pay for this event. My question to this establishment is why not hire more staff for special events. If you get the same exact review about sucky service when events are going on? We got 2 beers and ordered the 10.00 all you can eat Tacos. ..yeah we waited about 30 minutes for our refill of tacos and 30 mins for our refill of beer. It's like they don't know how to handle large crowds... on and to top it off my waitress gives us one  bill which I go to pay but come back to see my card was charged an extra 53.00 due to the waitress I guess not paying attention. She fixed the problem  it shouldn't have been an issue to begin with.  I will give it another chance when it's not so crowded to see how it is. 
Oh also we ordered wings they weren't cooked to our liking our waitress came out and said she can take them back..needless to say THEY NEVER CAME BACK out once they were dropped or reordered..Came down for Sunday Funday! And Mo was amazing! Best service we have had all day!!! Right away she served us with a smile and recommended her favorites! Keep this girl around!!Called and was promised moonshine milkshakes. Walked 30 minutes to get there. Was told they don't have moonshine milkshakes.The food here was amazing and they dont skimp on the quantity. Delicious and ill be back to try their old city fries. 
Appetizers are about $10.
Entrees are between $12 - $15 with some $20+ outliers
Moonshine milkshakes exist but we didnt try them.
The only reason this gets 4 instead of 5 stars is because the music was so loud. We had a party of 12 people and we couldnt talk to each other. 
The wait staff did turn it down when we asked, but we had to ask 3 times in 3.5 hours. 
It put a real damper on the night... since this was a goodbye party for a service member going overseas. We wanted to talk!Good karaoke!  Moonshine !  Good place for hangin',  great burgers, tacos!  2 buck Bud lights.  Great staff!In Philadelphia for a short stay, but stopped into this bar for a couple drinks. The AC was nice and cold and Taylor was an amazing woman behind the bar. We had a blast and loved the variety of IPAs and moonshine mixes offered. This place definitely takes me back to my Kentucky roots. I'll be back next week!!! Keep it going!I bought a groupon for the purpose of getting some food to take home.  The fine print DID NOT say it couldn't be used for takeout.  The blond woman at the bar said she would get in trouble if she allowed me to use it for takeout, so I said I could eat in and just take the rest home.  She said "I can't just let you take 2 bites and then have to box up whole meals to go."  I said my only other option was to get a refund and she just shrugged her shoulders and repeated that she'd get in trouble.  Horrible customer service and they lost not only that order but a potential future customer. I ordered a refund.Stopped in on one of the first warm weekends this spring. While all of the other places we wanted to go had a super long wait this one did not. I had it bookmarked on yelp, but was hesitant to try it after reading some of the reviews about the service. The service on this day was great! It wasn't super busy when we first got there so we were seated right away. It did pick up as we were there and the service was still good. I had one of their cocktails, Sex in a Pickup  and it was quite tasty! We ordered the cheesesteak and a burger. My boyfriend is a burger fanatic and is quite the critic when it comes to burgers. He had zero complaints and even ate the fries, which he never does so you know they're good. The cheesesteak was great too, lots of cheese, seasoned well and wasn't super oily but still juicy. Fries had just enough salt on them. I'll definitely be keeping them on my list of go-to restaurants.Awesome comfort food! We stopped by here for lunch on the 4th of July. Service was a little slow but the quality of the food and drinks made up for it! I'll be back for sure next time I'm in Philly.This was our second stop of the night and probably the most lively place that we visited.. The vibe was excellent.. Music was 90s to today hip hop and we had a great time.   Everyone was dancing and having fun. It was little bit of a challenge to get drinks but the place was packed and they had three bartenders behind the bar.  I saw some chicken strips that looked awful but I didn't have em.Tried the cheese steak & fries special very solid & yummy only $5 bucks too 
Pretty lady bartender on 4/20 afternoon shift was most engagingly pleasant  & professional.
Place is huge and very nice ..a real bar counter on steroids ..
Thank u so much !Came here for lunch and there was no service. The bartender had to wait on us and didn't know anything about the food menu. The lunch menu falsely advertised the dos chicken tacos and the hamburgers that they showed on a menu advertising the lunch special was falsely advertised too. The hamburgers were things you would serve at a cocktail parties. The wait for food was long and the place wasn't even crowded. I don't recommend going here.The ambience is great. Cool decoration. Awesome music. I had duck tacos and sweet potato fries. Duck tacos are amazing for a first time having duck meat. Bartender was very nice and she was hot! I didnt have moonshines just because I was driving. Only negative thing is that the place had flies!Went there early on Saturday night and it was delicious! We got the cheesesteak, a bacon burger and a pork belly burger which all were amazing. Plus the drinks are strong so one or two will get you tipsy. I recommend the drink "sex in a pickup" (I'm pretty sure that was the name) it was really great. I wish we had time to play life sized Janga because that would have been really fun.I stop by jj bootleggers once a week, definitely one of my favorite spots in olde city. Great drinks and the staff always remembers me, not sure if that's a good or a bad thing. You can't beat their weekly specials. I personally like to see how many tacos I can eat, utilizing their 10$ all you can eat taco Thursday special. Come in any night of the week for giant Jenga, moonshine, and a friendly staff.Awful service. Went there for all you can eat taco night and was only given one round in over an hour and a half. Also never got any water refills and asked for them 3x. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because the manager refunded us for the tacos once we complained.Okay okay before I say anything i wanna say S/O Benjamin Franklin cuz he was a real one! So yeah I always wanted to come here since forever but never got the chance so me & my gf went here for lunch today cuz it's Thursday an it's all u can eat tacos today, make a long story short we came too early cuz the unlimited tacos started at 5. But I got the honey bbq wings with the carrots on the side which was cooler than I expected, idk what kinda hipster shit that carrot symbolized but watever the wings made up for them. My gf got the cheesesteak with French fries cuz it was 4 dollar cheesesteaks today too. But the service was PERFECT cuz we were literally the only 2 people in there. I felt like a celebrity renting out a restaurant for my wife lmaoooo but watever everything was great!!! I wish I had something to fuckin complain about lowkey.Excellent experience! Who knew that Tuesday night could be so fun??!!
My experience found a clean bar, fun entertainment  (karaoke), reasonably priced cocktails, and a lively bartender. 
This place is centrally located and easy to get to. 
I definitely suggest adding Bootleggers to your regular bar list!first time in Philadelphia. They have a good selection of moonshine drinks, and a great happy hour. Nicole, was friendly, helpful, and extremely attentive...even when the bar was busy. Would definitely come back next time I am in town.Amazing milkshakes. The unique blend of wholesome recipes and moonshine generates a combination the typical American could not create. Your palate will thank you.Nice. We came here and watched part of an NFL playoff game, had wings and fries (my hub's favorite combination) and shrimp tacos. I wasn't sure about the tacos at first but the mixture of flavors surprisingly worked! The fries had a touch of sweetness and they give you this tangy sauce with them that makes them really good; plus the bread pudding was great. I thought it was going to be dry but it was moist inside. We will give this a try if for some reason we're in the area again. Also, they honored the $10 discount for our Yelp check-in and our waitress was super sweet.WAAAAAAH! They don't sell the cool little mason jars with the bars name on em! Real bummer! 
Besides that, this place was spacious, and nice. The bartenders were aware and attentive! Not a single complaint.... Except for the fact that they didn't sell those cool little mason jars!!!! Dangit!This place is really great! The fried smashed tots were delicious and the cheesesteak egg rolls looked great! The Shirley temple moonshine drink brought me right back to my childhood, only this time it was spiked w booze! Will definitely be returning!Saturday night with only about 8 people at the bar should have been the red flag. Place might have potential but way too expensive if you're just looking for a few beers. 4 beers and 2 shots set us back $41. No thanks!Not impressed. Our group of 6 went to the back bar on Saturday night. We ordered a few beers and all of them were skunked. That on top of our bartender's sour demeanor made us all want to leave.I stopped by on a Monday and while it was not very busy I had a great experience thanks to Ashley D. The food was great, the beer cold, and the bartender was beautiful. Not much else you could ask for!They only had 1 waitress staffed on Sunday / Pride festival . The food was just ok and overpriced and so were the drinks / location ... location . Nothing spectacular and a little too dingy ...In Philly Friday night for a convention and dropped by with our group after dinner for some Karaoke.  Place has very nice decor and "connect four" table games along with jenga for you to pass the time while getting your drink on.  Karaoke did not start until like 10:30pm which I think is a bit late especially if you only have karaoke 1 night a week... but it had a good crowd and the sound was good.  Drinks were a bit pricey but we had a good time.  They had a Yelp $10 off for spending $30 check-in which I showed the waitress when we first sat down.  She conveniently forgot about it later and we spent WAY more than $30... ($200+ at least for the table) After I got the check, I asked about the $10 off and her response was "I'm sorry, I already rang you up" and I already added the 20% auto gratuity to your bill so, I have no incentive to honor the Yelp check-in. The karaoke is 4 stars by itself for inquiring karaoke fans PLUS it is non smoking.Cool sports bar. Good drink specials. Great Yelp check in special. ($10 of $30 purchase) lots of moonshine to choose from. Lots of TVs not to loud even when crowded. Looking forward to going back.This is a super cute bar BUT looks can be deceiving. They specialize in Moonshine but that AND any other drink besides beer is watered down and is a complete waste of money. If you don't drink beer you will wish u did once coming here. The food is mediocre providing it actually comes out on time but if you wait like 45min for a burger like I did it will likely be overcooked and you will be underwhelmed. Oh, and heaven forbid u need to go to the bathroom. Let's just say that a Porta Potty would be a better choice. With not one stall to be able to flush because of the overflowing toilet paper in each one the empty soap dispensers will make u wish you would have just stayed home and ordered pizza. This was my second time giving this place a try and it was a double whammy of disappointment with 2 thumbs down. Sorry. Just being honest. I hope they get better.Relaxed location with some great food. During the week there are good food specials like Mac n cheese Mondays and Taco Thursdays along with specials on football game days. The mac n cheese is really good! Staff is nice & friendly too!What a great addition to the Olde City scene. Unlike other bars/restaurants, this place has a more upscale feel. The decor is well done and the atmosphere is cozy. The hubby and I had drinks at the bar and were served by Sam. She was very friendly and helpful and even offered information for local businesses to hold a happy hour. Its refreshing to have a staff member actually seem to enjoy working, and was so attentive to making sure we came back. You could tell she wanted to make the restaurant a success. I ordered a "watermelon hooch" martini and it was absolutely amazing. My husband had the beer and moonshine shot special. He enjoyed it. My only reservation is that the prices are a little hefty ($12 martini and $10 beer/shot) If we had gone for the happy hour, they are half price (which is a deal). 
Overall, we definitely plan on going back and will be sure to bring others!It's ok. I've only been here on st paddy's day so maybe I need to come back when it's not packed.My review is solely based off of drinks here as I did not eat at this restaurant because we had already eaten somewhere else. 
Came here one night while in town for work and all in all, I like this place. The staff was extremely pleasant when we came in and was very attentive all night. The place specializes in moonshine so they have a lot of moonshine drink options. I have no experience with moonshine but after trying it, the drinks were pretty good. 
If back in this area, I would certainly come back simply based on the hospitality on the staff.So me and my family if 6 just left here and im going this place a 2 star only because my mom like her burger i will not be going back to this place at all the food was ok nothing worth going back for i order all 3 wings and lets just say i money back...the drinks are not strong at all i had to get a beer smhGreat food portions, crazy amazing bread pudding. Our server Katie was awesome!! The moonshine flight was a great way to try the moonshine. And the corresponding cocktails is a great idea.They offer pretty good specials, the food is always pretty good and served in a timely manner. The servers are always pretty helpful and check in with their customers regularly to make sure everything is going well. Music and TVs aren't too loud eitherIt started out just fine. We sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by a friendly lady who made our drinks and gave us menus.  However, when the regular bartender returned from wherever she was,  we didn't receive any more service as she spent the next 30 minutes talking or flirting with the one other customer at the bar.  I can't comment on the food since we couldn't order. We flagged her down,  paid $19.00 for two drinks and left to eat elsewhere. We won't be back next time we're in town as service doesn't seem to be a priority here.Went in because it is in my neighborhood and had a Monday special.
The mac and cheese was pretty delicious and creamy but the wait staff (particularly the bartender) was rude and unaccommodating. She also charged us for two specials rather than one (glad my friend noticed on the bill) and was rude when we brought it up trying to defend the double charge.
Also, it is never busy when I walk past in peak dinner or lunch hours so that is a clear indication that they aren't really keeping customers or bringing in new ones, I assume because of the customer service. I wouldn't recommend and probably will not be going back anytime soon.Taylor was great!  Why isn't she bar tending there anymore? Good choice for food, drinks, and table gamesWent into this place to escaoe the heat today and had the pleasure of meeting Shelby and Katie. Had a fantastic time talking to both of them. They made me feel like Norm at Cheers. The beer was excellent and the atmosphere was great. I highly recommended this bar and promise that you will enjoy spending your time here. I live and work out of town but i know i will be back the next time I am in town. I want to thank the management for hiring such wonderful people like Shelby and Katie.Stopped in because it looked like a neat place to go. I was convinced the music was from my own Pandora station, but then came my bartender. I only give it 3 stars because the worst service in the world was paired with a hard to swallow drink. I'm sure some people would love this place but if you're not in your early twenties slamming shots, go find yourself a nice Irish pub.Was not super impressed with this place. My boyfriend and I went around 3pm on a Sunday so hopefully the nighttime vibe is better. We didn't try any of the moonshine so this review is based on food alone.
The tatertots were good but not what I was expecting. They're basically fried balls of potato with some stuff inside. Ryan got the wings which he said were good and I got a quesadilla. I wasn't too impressed with mine but maybe it's because I wasn't that hungry. Not sure I'd come back for food, maybe for drinks as the inside was pretty big!Awesome time our  bartender was excellent! She rocked out! Handle a bar crawl like a true proOne of my favorite places to go in old city! Not a huge fan of going out in the city in general, but when I do, I always recommend to my friends that we go here. Great friendly staff, always have suggestions on drinks, and they are unique and great tasting. Always a good time and even when it's busy, I never seem to be waiting for a drink. Good atmosphere and I love karaoke so Friday night's there are always fun! Definitely recommend this place for you and a couple friends going out to have a fun time!I would give no stars if that was an option. This is a review for lunch. They advertise a "lightning lunch". Not sure why it's called that, since it took an hour for it to come out. I'm not even certain the burger was real meat, and if it was it was an insult to the cow. Underdone fries. Now we know why there were only two tables there for lunch. Something was obviously very wrong in the kitchen that day, but even so the quality of the food was terrible.Could not get service, multiple employees on their phone paying no attention to customers... food was goodFriendly staff, great drinks, and tasty food. Good atmosphere for a usually cramped Old City bar. The open space allows for the place to still be crowded but you don't bump in to someone every 2 seconds. The Jenga and connect 4 are nice touches too. Friday karaoke is poppinGreat service and food. The old city fries were very unique and delicious.  Taco Thursday is worth coming in for alone, but the taco shells would have been better baked in the oven for a couple minutes. Our server, Jocelyn, and our bartender, Tori, were phenomenal! The music is a great mixture of one or two good country songs and a top 40 song.Worst service I've ever had in the city. We went here after the old city festival on Oct. 11th,  just to have a bite to eat before heading back home. We were the 3rd table to be seated, and the place was pretty empty. It took about 20 minutes for a waitress to even notice we were there, and at that time, I had grabbed our own menus from the hostess stand, which no one was standing at. 
After another 15 minutes, our waitress came to take drink orders. The specials were pretty great including $2 bud lights, however, another 20 min later we actually received them. We were at this restaurant for 1 hour and 30 min and still had received no food nor explanation, when finally I flagged down a manager. 
To cut to the chase, he did nothing but give us a few bud lights and apologize....not to mention when we did receive our food it was horrible. If you're looking for a decent meal in old city, I would NOT recommend eating here.Stopped in for drinks and snacks.  Good service and beautiful decor.  The music was good too.  The moonshine is smooth and packs a punch.  The honey wings were good but the blue cheese was way too thick.  Stop in for at least one drink and you might stay for more.Inconsistent - 1 time the bread pudding was amazing - another time they gave me some BS rolls in bread pudding sauce.  First, the guy on the phone told me they didn't have any.  Then he came back and said they did.  Well they clearly didn't because he just made some BS up and gave it to me.   That was absolutely disrespectful.  I gave them one last chance because the first time it was soooo good and they put this nasty whip cream on the bread pudding.  Whip cream does not go on bread pudding!  I couldn't even eat it.  I have never ordered from them since.  I really enjoyed the bread pudding when it was done the right way.I stopped by JJ Bootleggers yesterday and overall the experience was horrible.  Service was horrendous and food was very sub par.  Being that the bar is a sports bar and it was football sunday, the atmosphere was also dead.  The table next to us was even told that the kitchen was closed and they were allowed to bring outside pizza into the restaurant.  I never plan on going back and I would never suggest this bar/restaurant to anyone.Awesome bar with moonshine! You don't see that every day which is the reason we came in after dinner. Had some moonshine milkshaes (6$ all day on saturday). The Apple Pie milkshake was boozy and amazing while the strawberries and cream which you couldn't taste the moonshine but also really tasty!Food and drinks were fine but the service left a lot to be desired. I can understand if a place is busy but we waited long periods of time while our server sat in the back of the restaurant staring at her phone.  I tried several times in vain to get her attention. When she finally came over when we were nearly done eating and we alerted her my husband was missing a side from his meal she just said "ok" with nothing resembling an apology. Seemed like she did not care about her job at all. 
Also, the appetizer took a long time to arrive, there was no toilet paper in the restroom and the giant jenga games make a deafening noise when people repeatedly lose the game. If you're looking for mediocre food, bad service and an annoying atmosphere, definitely check this place out.I stopped in here on Saturday night to grab a bite to eat and drink or two. I tried two of their moonshine drinks--the Hillbilly Peach Tea and the Corn and Coke and was actually very impressed with both of them. Delicious, but definitely strong drinks. $10 each is a tad much, though. 
I'm trying not to eat meat again, so I found the menu a little hard to choose from. I split an order of the pierogies, and found myself liking the sauces (sour cream and another one that was some sort of cherry-based) more than the pierogi itself. I had the veggie sandwich, which was also fine, but I wish it came with a more substantial bread. It was on the same bun as my friend's porketta sandwich, but found my sandwich falling apart. Some real hearty, nutty slices would've been delicious instead. 
I wasn't too keen on the rest of the clientele there. We left around 10 and it was started to get a little crowded, but I guess that's to be expected in old city.Good moonshine specialties. Country punch was amazing and unique, and you could feel the pulp. Sex on the beach had a similar pulp texture and was good too. Blue memphis was okay, pretty standard, so I suggest you try something else instead. Electric lemonade was surprisingly simple, just one shot + lemonade, but actually quite refreshing and nice.Nice atmosphere. The place is set up nicely. Good drinks and food. Worth a stop if you're near Penn's Landing. Paulina was a delight.Simply put: stay away, many better options. It's a shame because the food was good but the place was WAY UNDERSTAFFED! there weren't any papertowles in the bathroom. The place sorta scared me- the cleanliness. Go else where. They tried.Took my wife here for her birthday and was very impressed. The food was fresh and delicious, and the atmosphere was incredible. It reminded us of our honeymoon in the smoky mountains. I would recommend this place to anyone.Awesome Carmel Apple moonshine! The pricing is typical for philly. We ordered wings and fries as appetizers too. It wasn't bad for bar food. Would recommend to stop in for a drink!I was there yesterday for a drink and app. I really liked the decor and the fact they had games. We sat by the bar where the windows open so you get a street view. The weather was nice so it worked out. 
I ordered the white peach sangria and it was good. My bf ordered a Yuengling. We ordered the truffle fries which we didn't really like. We weren't fans of the sweet taste. The sauce was really good and I can't remember the name of it. If you like sweet seasoning with bacon then get that. We played Connect 4 at the table and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I'd like to come back at night to see how it is. I'd definitely come back to this location.I don't typically give out one star, ever, but this place was awful. Ordered an old fashioned and it was made wrong. Ordered 6 shots and watched the bartender pour straight from the bottle (with no pourer and didn't use a jigger) into the shaker which was full of ice. I didn't order them chilled. I told my friend she wasn't going to have enough, because I'm a bartender and could see she didn't put enough tequila in. She came up half a shot short. Instead of putting more tequila in I watched her try to shake the rest of the ice into water to fill it. It wouldn't work so she went to get the bottle. I told her when she came back, "listen, I didn't order them chilled so for the next round don't chill them, it's much less alcohol when you shake it with ice", she replies "I measured 6 shots with this (shows me a jigger)". I smiled at her lie and said "ok, well I'm a bartender and I know it waters it down so just don't chill them next time". She tells me it's $60 for 6 shots of 1800, which is expensive for mediocre tequila, and we drink our half water shots. The place was pretty dead for a Saturday night. As soon as it hits 2am everyone is practically thrown out and the bartender refused to serve anything else. As my friend is trying to order one last drink, a man that was sitting alone at the bar punches her in the arm in a "hey buddy" sort of way. A man punched my friend in the arm....wtf. I tell a guy behind the bar what happened and he tells the guy he has to leave but then let's him stay, without so much as an apology. Pretty sure that place is on it's last leg. What kind of bad hires bartenders that can't even serve shots correctly?JJ Bootleggers - Score: 11
Burger Quality: 2
Bun: 2
Fries: 3
Extras:  2
Value: 2
2 Sentence Review: Great décor, location and atmosphere.  The burger however, was mangled and uneventful...my bourbon on the rocks was served in a large shot glass, which made me sad.
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)We went in on a busy Saturday night. The bar staff was pretty slow and disappeared from the front bar for over 4 minutes, with a packed bar. Everyone was confused where they went. My drink which was not whiskey tasked like whiskey. I am assuming the glass used wasn't cleaned out properly. The games around the bar were fun. It was nicely decorated and played good music.Awesome old time style bar with great moonshine style drinks! I had the lightning burger and the corn n' coke drink. Both awesome. Service could have been better, but can't complain for a Wednesday.  Will return!
I had the yelp $10 discount so the owner had to see it.  He asked how the drinks were, and I said that the corn' coke could be stronger. He came back with a jar of whiskey and gave me a free shot! 105 proof!  
He had the bartender make me extra strong drinks for the rest of the night. Overall awesome place !Had restaurant week dinner at JJ Bootleggers last night 1/24/15. Everything about the experience was excellent! Nicely made drinks, I started with the scallop appetizer, had the grilled Bronzino and a delicious deconstructed chocolate cake. Definitely a few steps above "bar food". Also had to try their famous fried mashed tatter tots -- amazingly addictive! Will be back for more, the wing selection looked good too.Drinks are fantastic, bartenders are flawless.  With all due respect, please stop the karaoke.Stopped in to watch The Rockets playoff game.  They turned the channel for us. We ate an egg roll appetizer and a bacon cheeseburger and some fried sweet potato balls.  Everything was very good. Shock top on tap was good too.Totally disappointed in this "bottomless brunch" experience. Items offered: cold grits with shrimp in a tomato mixture, cold pancakes, soggy French toast, buffalo chicken bites, greasy bacon, macaroni and cheese...and a few other unmemorable items.  Food was sub par, at best. Be advised that the mimosas are mostly orange juice and they are served in plastic disposable champagne flutes. I witnessed the waitress washing the aforementioned plastic DISPOSABLE champagne cups for re-use. The icing on the cake was getting our bill and seeing that we were charged a 18% gratuity for a nothing. We saw the waitress once and that was to ask for another drink get our check. I will never be back. Brunchers beware, don't waste your money.The moonshine itself wasnt amazing -- especially not when you're used to getting the legit stuff from WV *wink wink*.  But the atmosphere was good and even tho it was busy, the bartenders were all friendly, and quick to respond to drink requests.  Id definitely stop in again.I wasn't going to write this review but I felt like I needed to share. My friends and I went here on a Saturday night, which should be a good night for a bar in old city. We got here a little after eleven pm. The hostess asked us if we wanted to eat or sit at the bar. We wanted to eat so she had us sit at a table. The waitress came over and introduced herself and was very helpful with picking out drink s we may want to try. The drinks arrived in a timely manner. Of course the drinks were more juice than alcohol. It was the same for everyone at the table. Now came time to order food. That's when the waitress said the kitchen closed at 11pm on Friday & Saturday. Of course we were upset. Why did the hostess not tell us. Or the waitress before she took our drink orders. The only thing that would get me back in here is the atmosphere which was fun. They had karaoke and board games you could play. If someone could tell me this place is worth a second chance please let me know why.Thought this place was solid.  Was impressed that there was a decent crowd for it being a little early on a Friday night.  It's country themed but had a party vibe.  Drinks were reasonably priced which is always a bonus for a weekend night.We went here last night on the recommendation from a friend.  This place is brand new and a really cool moonshine themed place with oak barrels lining the walls.
Had the braised short ribs which were some of the best I've ever had.  The Olde City fries were good too and they had truffle salt on them (I did not even know truffle salt existed).  My wife had a burger that was so huge I had to help her eat and that was really good too.  The prices were very reasonable for an Olde City spot.
My wife had 2 of the moonshine drinks and I tasted them and they were good.  Not weak or watered down either.  They have Troeg's Perpetual IPA on tap and happened to be running a $3 draft special on a Saturday night!  Yes, you read that right Troeg's full pints for $3!!!  Now you understand why I didn't want to leave.
We split a bread pudding which was awesome.  It had a little mint thing going on with it...  We almost ordered a second one.
I will definitely be back at this place again soon.Went to JJ with my boyfriend and had a Groupon for $25. Really like the atmosphere in the restaurant. Had a southern feel while playing "current" music from all different genres...music probably from the last 6 years. Got the chicken skewers and ribs. Both meals were very good. The ribs meal was so big, that it looked like I didn't touch my meal when I boxed the rest of it home. Ribs were very soft and I really liked the sauce. Just wished it came with some cold slaw along with the fries. The skewers were cooked in pineapple, but the flavor wasn't overwhelming. Our waitress was attentive and friendly!So I think I may be a bit bias because I do not like Old City.  However, I was heading to meet friends and needed a drink first. So seeing all of my options (and not loving them), I ducked in here.  
First, the place is really nice inside-very cool set up. Second, the crowd was not as "Old City" as some of the crowds.  That with the set up made the vibe cool. With that my drink...I had a Peach Moonshine drink made with fresh peaches and it was amazing.  Really good. It was a warmish winter night and it tasted like spring.  We all really enjoyed our drinks and wish we had time for another.  The food smelled good but we were off to the movies.  So four stars because I did not try enough but when in Old City...I think it needs another look!Tried this place two days in a row... In Philly for the sweet sixteen tournament and a concert... Drinks are ridiculously overpriced, $23 for two HOUSE vodka red bull... Zero vodka.... will not be back, which is a shame. Great place to watch ball.So, my food was good. I mean really good. We played Jenga and connect four. So much fun! Those are the great things about this place. The service.... not great. Not fun.  Sadly, Tori was miserable. Didn't add to the fun experience.  Honestly we all said the same thing, she was a bitch. Anyway, another server could've changed our our entire experience.The moon shine is great and the manager is very nice! They have tons of flavors of moon shine. Mark is very cool and he told us a little about the city too. If your in Philly you should definitely stop by!Stopped here with my girlfriend and her cousin before going to a concert.  We didn't eat anything just had some drinks.  My girlfriend had a moonshine margarita.  It was good, and because it was happy hour it was only $5.  Her cousin and I took advantage of the $2 bud light special.  Not a fan of bud light but it was a good deal and knew I'd be paying $12 for beers at the concert.  We will stop in again next time we are in the area.This place is OK. The atmosphere is cool, the decor is neat but that's really it. Drinks are OK but overpriced even for the city and staff isn't really that friendly. Probably wouldn't go back here.Nice spot to get a drink especially during the calm nights of the week (not Friday Saturday and Sunday). Taylor is a super cool server and there is great service here. Definitely coming back too see how the weekends are.My wife and I had reservations at another restaurant around the corner but canceled them after reading all of the horrible reviews it was getting here on Yelp.  On a whim, we decided to give JJ Bootleggers a try.  We were not disappointed.  The moonshine drinks were very good.  Nice selection of beer as well.  
The food was great.  We had the tater tots and cheesesteak spring rolls for appetizers.  Both were excellent.  I enjoyed the Lightnin' Burger and my wife thought the shrimp tacos were delicious.  We would definitely recommend stopping in for a few drinks and a meal.Love this spot! My fiancé and I frequent this spot when we head out for a night on the town. Love the different moonshine options and the vibe is super chill and relaxed. Food is great especially for a bar and I love during weekday nights it's nice and quiet but on weekends it's bustling and busy! We love this place so much we're hosting our wedding reception here for a nice old Philly feel!!!JJ Bootleggers appears to still be finding itself. It's not like it opened last week, but I don't think it's been on 2nd Street all too long, either.
Nonetheless, the idea of a bar that focuses on moonshine intrigued me, and I chose it as one of the stops for my birthday weekend friends outing. They were all generally disappointed with the experience, which is a huge bummer to me.
For one, JJs absolutely needs to change the music -- STAT. If you want to be moonshiney, go all out. Don't play Blink 182 club-style on a Saturday night. Get some Country sounds in there to go with the rest of the place.
For two, perhaps take another look at the drink recipes. My moonshine margarita was perfectly adequate, but I will say that it reminded me of a margarita I could've purchased at a Chili's -- just less potent.
My food was okay. I had the chicken sandwich and I have no outright complaints there. My friends weren't so happy with their dishes, though.
Our server was nice and accommodating. I also really liked the bathroom set up in the back. I think this place just needs a few tweaks and I would go back in the future to give it another try.NO COVER ON FRIDAYS WHAAAAT? Really excited and happy about that. It was also Karaoke Night on Friday nights and it was so fun! Love how they have giant jenga and connect 4's everywhere. Always a fun time on the weekends. Don't go on a Monday (oops) cuz it was pretty dead and the bartenders were grumpy. Heard the food is pretty good too so gotta try that next time :) Use the Yelp coupon deal too for $10 off a $30 purchaseWe were in town for a weekend and wanted to grt some drinks. Great place for groups. Try the moonshine flights. Sweet tea was our favorite. Harley Davidson Charged was a charged with 105 proof.Horrible horrible service. Went in the establishment 2 times in the same night and both horrible experiences at the bar, she really didn't wanna serve us made our drinks with an attitude the whole time just disrespectful and nasty. I wouldn't take my dog back here All the reviews are right this place is horrible and management needs to train their bartenders on customer serviceFriends and I stumbled upon this place one evening.  
The moonshine drinks seemed intriguing but as it was a school night I just had a glass of wine.  The menu was very limited for a vegetarian.  The oddest thing for me and probably my reason for such a low rating is that on the way to the restrooms in the back there were chicken wings scattered across the floor. Not ideal for a vegetarian or really anyone!
There are just so many better options in that part of Old City.Amazing experience! I was accommodated  and truly taken care of by the owner of this place. I've never seen such amazing customer service and it was great to see the owner give such great customer service and truly care about the patrons. The food was delicious! I had a memorable experience and will be coming back regularly . It's great you can go somewhere and truly be taken care of. Awesome job JJ bootleggersGreat new spot located in a hip part of Philly.  Really cool bar scene and the drinks are terrific, they feature moonshine!  The food was outstanding and a very well thought out menu.  Would definitely recommend.Rude bartenders are fun, limited tap list even better, and a bunch of drunk bros is the icing on the cake! I rather not come back here and waste my time.What a wonderful crew works here. Creative restaurant week offerings, beautiful AND delicious. Kudos to the owner and the staff for putting it out there for all to enjoy.Me and my boyfriend came to the city for his birthday and I made a reservation here for dinner, it was delicious! Our server was awesome!! Had a great time would definitely recommend!!They were advertising a $4 cheesesteak special in the afternoons when I happened by, so I stopped in. Out of the various cheesesteaks I've had, this was easily the best: rich and a little gooey, yet not overly heavy. The Caesar salad on the side was a perfect complement.First drink tastes like sprite but no biggie I'm not here to get trashed so next drink I decide to keep it simple ... a vodka gimlet (vodka with lime juice) it was green and tasted like a green sour Martini. Now on to the food... "bootleggers salad" says it has goat cheese pine nuts and lemon honey dressing . Also order a $8 crab cake to go on top . The salad comes out and it's all greens and so much vinegar ... the crab cake was literally a bite size cake! One bite GONE! Bartender was sweet and atmosphere was nice but the drinks and food that I had not good! I would not recommend for anyone looking to kick back at the bar, sip a nice cocktail, and have good food. Maybe this place is best suited for those looking to eat wings and do shotsThe service is a piece of shot especially the bald guy outside who throws cigarettes on on the streetAmazing atmosphere - Very open, prime location, I sat right by the window with my date and the bar has a great vibe.
Service - If I could cuse on this site I would! Bloody hell they were slow, they were only fast at the VERY end when I asked them to bring the check. Now they did ask us if we wanted refills several times during the evening but just to get the first drink was a very long production. Sat ourselfs and when I ran after a server and asked if I could order drink from her she gave a relucant fine! Stating the ONE bartender serving the entire crowd seated at the bar is where I should order my drinks! 
Now this is a novelty establishment serving everything moonshine so it is nice for a change of pace and they play fun music. I wouldn't run back here but I do like the change of scenery to the typical bar. O also most of the drinks at $11 bucks are very sugary so mask the flavor of the moonshine but if you want a drink reeking of moonshine without the added flavors go right ahead.This is a great new addition to the Old City scene!  We have been here a few times over the past month and have had a great experience every time.  The decor is rustic and fun-- the moonshine theme is carried through very well and there is plenty of space for large groups.  They play loud, upbeat and fun music all night long.  The service was great every time as well-- very responsive, friendly and knowledgeable.  
Food:
The food here is excellent!  Savory, delicious and tasty.  Highlights include the Old City fries, the Porketta sandwich, and the meatloaf.  Our group tried numerous things and everyone really enjoyed their food!  You must try the cookie dough dessert as well!  
Drinks: 
A variety of moonshine flavors add to the unique-ness of this place.  The drinks are all creatively named and delicious.  They also have a great draft beer selection, and prices are very reasonable. 
Definitely worth a visit if you are in the Philly area.  We will be making this one of our regular hang out spots for sure!$4 phillys, $2 beer, awesome drinks, and an amazing bartender named Susie who will kick your a$$ in connect 4 (I let her win)Love this place! Their moonshine cocktails are refreshing and delicious. The Staff is always friendly and welcoming. It's fun to go after work for a drink and place giant Jenga or Connect Four or fun for a weekend night for the DJ. I'll continue going back!This place was great! Awesome drinks and our bartender was super cool.
Two of us got cocktails and they were delicious. I got the Apple Pie shot and it was very smooth.I called the day before we were planning to stop in.  The lady on the phone was rude.  She was brief and sounded irritated that I had a couple of questions.  Ok, maybe I caught her at a bad time.  
When we arrived their was a big sign on the door from the city.  It said they are closed for major tax violations.  Hmmm...I just called the day before and wasn't made aware.  I pull on the door and it opens.  I'm not sure what's going on so we walk in. 
There is a waitress at the end of the restaurant, dressed in her work uniform.  I said hello, and she asked why were in there.  I said because the door was open.  When I called yesterday I wasn't told of an issue so we were trying to figure it out.  She seemed just as irritated as the lady the day before.  She said the city shut them down an hour ago and her attitude was so terrible I asked for the managers name and we left. 
I can't rate the food.  I don't know if I ever will.  But the customer service at this place is terrible.  We did walk around the neighborhood and find another nice place to eat at and they treated us with kindness and appreciation for visiting their establishment.Came here for a mojito March and the drinks where pretty good! The effort the bartender put into making the mojito was unmatched to other venues on the tour. Would def recommend and return.I always try to give places two chances in case it's an off night and I can say this place sucks. The first time I went here my friend and I waited an HOUR for two salads.(it wasn't busy either) The manager did apologize. Then once we got our salads my friends salad had a bunch of egg shells in it. The manger did come apologize again. 
The second time I came here the service was awful. The bartender was more concerned with talking to her boyfriend. When I was ready to pay I waited 15 mins for the bartender and her boyfriend to come back to the bar.Currently here for the Mayweather/McGregor fight and hating my time enough to be writing a Yelp review. They oversold the event, do not have enough staff to adequately cover it, haven't provided enough chairs (that people have paid for, by the chair) for the seated groups, taking way way too long to get a drink, and this DJ doesn't seem to understand the tone of this event, as he is playing horrible music way too loudly. Not to mention that the open bar was from 8-10 for a fight that won't start til 12. Previously came here for NYE and it was OK, but after this, never again. Still not convinced I can make it to the actual fight time without giving up and leaving at the rate this is going.A group of 10+ went here for one of our many stops on a Halloween Pub Crawl and our experience was horrible! Yes, I understand that it is Halloween and the bars get packed, but that is no excuse for the poor service and attitude problems from the bar staff.  We waited way over 30+ minutes for our drinks to be refilled.  Other customers around us also complained about the wait.  A gentleman in my group asked for a Kamakiza shot and the bartender dressed as a Cheetah came back and said she didn't know how to make it.  I over heard this and as a bartender myself I quickly gave her the ingredients.  The drinks still came back wrong. Finally when we got the attention of "Super Woman" bartender to order food, she rang us up and made me pay for our food before we even received it.  What kind of service is that? Why pay for a product you haven't even received yet? I could understand taking a credit card to have to keep a running check, but instead I was cashed out.  She then came back with a smart remark and said "Where do you bartend?".  I replied with no where around here, I live hours away and she replied by saying "Oh well that's why we do things differently here.". By differently did she mean that they will hire anyone with no experience necessary? I still tipped well because I know the industry very well, but I think this bar needs to train there bar staff and some of them need to take a etiquette/manners course. 
The two things I have to say good about the place is, that the gentleman occassionally behind the bar (he may have been a manager) was really friendly and got us to try a yummy flight of moonshine.  I recommend trying the pumpkin moonshine if you MUST go there for some reason.The food and drinks we're awesome, and I love the vibe of the place, but the service was subpar at best. Took us forever to get our food and drinks, but when my burger and our apps came out it really was good. Not sure if they're understaffed or have a completely incompetent waitstaff, though. Also extremely expensive. Probably won't go back.
If you do go, though, grab a moonshine milkshake. Might take forever, but when it comes, it's worth it.Jjbootleggers food was excellent hats off to chef santino.  The inside is rustic and very cozy . Moonshine drinks and hapoy hours you can't beat . Check out JJBootlegger when in old city philaI really feel sorry for these ladies, the manager has a serious Napoleon complex and is beyond rude in the things he says. His humor made me uncomfortable so I can only imagine how he is with employees.I enjoy the Friday night karaoke, but the service in this place is in need of support. The place was packed last night, 1/15, with only TWO bartenders. It took 45 minutes to get one drink. I and many others were visibly frustrated. Definitely ruined my night.
Please staff more bartenders. The two ladies working last night were wonderful and I admire how quick they worked throughout the night, but management needs to provide them with more support. Two people simply cannot handle the customer demand.Went here yesterday during a day trip to Philadelphia. My sister in law and wife had been before, so we figured we'd try it again. 
The atmosphere was great. Reminiscent of an old prohibition era speak easy, centering around moonshine drinks.   Obviously on a fall Sunday, football was playing on all the tvs, which was nice. Overall a great vibe and place to hang out in the middle of old city. 
I've heard stories about the "old city fries" and they didn't disappoint. We also had the cheesesteak and black bean burger. Both were great, I would come again for the food. 
The service is where this place lacks a little in my opinion. It wasn't greatly busy and most people who were in the restaurant at the same time were at the bar. 
Our order was taken promptly and our food arrived fast. However, we never got any napkins or forks and knives (ok, we got burgers, but still). After our food was done, we sat around for another 30 minutes before our waitress came and asked us if we wanted the check. 
I can look past all of this because of the food and atmosphere. Just a word of caution if your eating in a rush to go explore the rest of old city
I would go back again if given the opportunityThis was the worst dinner experience I have ever had.  Our waiter would constantly ignore my friends and I as he was busy with other tables.   The food took a very long time to come out and it was only so-so.   They failed to split our check correctly and charged me more than they should have.  I will not be returning.Decided to try this place on a Saturday afternoon.  We walked in and there was a small crowd at the bar.  Plenty of seating in the back and we were told to sit wherever we'd like.  We sat a a table and waited a good 10-15 min before we were greeted.  Ordered some drinks and sat another 10 min before they arrived.  The waitress never asked us if we wanted to order....we had to ask her as she was walking after from us.  Placed an order for a few appetizers.  A large crowd came in and sat down.  They were getting served before us!  We waited so long for our food it was ridiculous.  Before the appetizers came we ordered 2 sandwiches, wings and fries.  The food was decent.  Some of it cold upon arrival.  But the worst part was the service.....it was an hour before we got our meals.  It was like our waitress was running by our table  every time.  We had to try and catch her on Thorpe fly if we wanted anything.  I can't understand why there isn't more staff working?  And to make matters worse, the large crowd was served before we were.  Crazy!  A domestic beer was almost $6.  I will not be going back there!Excellent selection of moonshine cocktails and a good variety on the menu. Fast friendly service also!Miranda greeted my BF and I immediately walking in and helped us with the drink menu because we're from California and it was different! The food she suggested was amazing and we loved the atmosphere!This place is not bad. I was there on Monday night and it was not busy at all. The server was awesome (Taylor) and the moonshine was pretty good as well. I liked it so much that we decided to come back on Tuesday, but it was closed for some odd reason. Anyway, it is a pretty neat place and I would def. check it out again if I was in Phllly.Best place in the city with the best staff! Highly recommend. Try the moonshine flight!As much as I'd love to say I enjoy this place, I can't. Our waitress messed up our whole order - for three of us. We ordered a wings appetizer, and three entrees. All of the entrees were wrong. Our server was apathetic, and the manager didn't seem to care either. He literally made a joke about sleeping in his office, and offered us some free shots as compensation for a 40 minute wait for our appetizers. I'm a server, and so is the person I dined with. We expressed that we're more understanding than most, but we still didn't get the service we desired. I probably won't come here again.Ambiance - Very cool setting, really embraced the concept of a moonshine bar/saloon. When we arrived the place was pretty quiet but quickly picked up as more parties were seated for dinner. Overall though was a casual noise level.
Service - Service staff was great, very welcoming when we walked in and were seated immediately. Our waitress knew the menu and was able to speak to both the dinner items and cocktail specials. She regularly asked how we were and if we needed anything else. 
Drinks - Our party of three each order a different drink special. They all were a typical bar drink you would order from any bar but the liquor was replaced with a moonshine. Drinks were pretty good. Thought they would have more of kick to them but overall the moonshine provided a unique flavor on otherwise ordinary drinks.  We also ordered a flight of moonshine shots after our meal so we could try some of the different flavors. 
Food - Our group order the fried tater-tots as an appetizer which were delicious. Our entrees consisted of the meatloaf (recommend by waitress), veggie burger, and the Lightnin'Burger.  After ordering I was informed that they were out of pork belly for the Lightnin' Burger and asked if I would be ok with bacon instead. I reluctantly agreed. Friend who got the veggie burger just thought it was ok, nothing special. Lightnin' Burger was good even without the bacon. The remoulade sauce gave a nice kick to the burger. The meatloaf however was not very good. Tasted like a frozen, pre-made concoction. My friend barely touched it. 
Overall - Our group was pretty disappointed with the quality of food that was served. However the saving grace of the evening was our waitress. She saw that my friend didn't enjoy his meatloaf at all and without us saying anything, comped my friend's meal and our flight of moonshine. Because of her I will probably return however only for drinks and possibly bar food.My first time trying Moonshine and it's delicious.  I recommend The Johnny Cash (Harley Davidson Charred Moonshine & Ginger).  Then I followed that up with some amazing wings.  I would give this place 6 stars if possible.One of my favorite bars in Philly. The atmosphere is so casual comfortable and the bartenders are so sweet. Susi the best! She really knows her stuff and gave us the best suggestions! I'll always come here when in Philly for a good moonshine fix.I like this place in theory but in actuality I think it falls a bit flat as a watering hole. The idea of a bar centered around moonshine is a cute idea, but I feel like it isn't implemented in a great way.
Let's not kid ourselves; moonshine just does not taste good. And it's not supposed to, which is great! That said, cocktails made from moonshine just are not that tasty. Of all the cocktails I tried here, not one would I consider great, and I would not order any of them again. The moonshine overpowers every other flavor in the drinks, so either they need to find better ingredients to mix it with to create more complex flavors, or some other liquor needs to be substituted. You can get flavored shots of moonshine as well, probably the better option, or some of the beer and wine on tap. Prices here are average for the neighborhood.
On top of this it is extremely hot inside during the summer, and lack of air conditioning or even ventilation means you will sweat profusely. Ultimately that's what caused me to leave this locale, but I ended up not missing this place too much at the end of the night. I think this place could be great with some tweaking, but it's just not there yet. At least they're putting forth some effort to be unique.Food was great! The low review was due to the fact this restaurant is a Yelp participant of the coupon advertised. However, the bar maid stated that I could only use the $10 off $30 the next time I dined in. The coupon is advertised if you check in you receive the discount. Any other restaurant who had this advertisement applied it to my current bull. Poor service on their end.Ooommmggg that's was the most awesome meal it was so good I didn't even get a chance to take a picture. The server Hali is awesome she's quick she came to our table multiple times to check on us and to make sure everything was good if we needed more drinks and that's what you look for in a server. We will definitely be back and look for our favorite server. Try the blue Memphis if you are a drinker because it was great and the cherry they gave was not just a cherry it was an alcoholic one yyyaayyy good job JJ Bootleggers!!!!Drinks are pricey and not that strong... Food could be better also. However the free karaoke was the best!! The set up in non-intimidating and theirs plenty of room in the venue. As long as you stick to $2 draft beer special on Fridays you can have a good time without breaking the bank. No blended drinks either (my preference). I'm sure I'll go back for the karaoke though.I dont normally write reviews but for the fact that I had such a bad experience here, I just had to. My co-workers and I decided to have lunch at JJ Bootleggers during our lunch break due to its infamous burgers. As excited as we were to try it for the first time, we were highly disappointed by the hour wait we had just to get our appetizers after ordering them even though the restaurant was visibly not busy. We had not seen our server during the hour wait, where she couldve talked to us and confirmed that our food would be coming shortly, but unfortunately we were forced to look for her and make assumptions ourselves that she forgot to ring our orders in. Dont get me wrong, the food was absolutely great. However, the service was horrendous. I've never had an experience at a restaurant where I was hesitant on asking my server for simple things, such as getting salt, blue cheese and ketchup, in fear that she will take her time getting it and by the time she gets back, my food will be done. Everything we asked for were very simple tasks and basic customer server, but it seems as if our server just blew it off and we would have to wait for long periods of time to get it. On top of it all, my friend had ordered a 2 Shirley Temples (for those who dont know what it is, it is a virgin drink that consists of Sprite and Grenadine) and as we got our checks, we noticed that our server had added 2 shots of Bankers Club Vodka. When we asked about these additional charges, she said that it comes with the Shirley Temple, but that was not the case because that drink should have been virgin! I dont know what kind of bar/restaurant would automatically add alcohol to a virgin drink without asking first. Instead of compensating for the 2 additional charges that we did not ask for, our server simply just said "Oh.. Well, thats how the bartender made it"........ If it wasnt for the fact that we had to go back to work right after we had eaten, we would have talked to the manager right away and contested everything that we had to experience along with getting the wrong orders on our checks when we asked to split checks. Everyone at our table were servers and we totally understand that mistakes happen because thats the restaurant industry, however we never talked to and made comfortable about all the mistakes our server was making, and for that I had to write this review in hopes that the customer service improves because the food itself is phenomenal but that cant be the only good thing upholding this restaurant.I would leave a less than one star if at all possible.....awful on several levels!!! We stopped at Bootleggers after the Old City festival...looking for an outside seating restaurant for a quick bite. We ordered a flight of moonshine and the waitress brought the shot glasses stacked in each other. Not the cleanest way to serve a drink as I'm sure the shots were poured in a bar being touched by a hundred people. Out waitress brought the rest of our drinks in plastic cups...also small thing but...We ordered their fries listed smothered in. 4 cheeses and gravy, we received a tray of fries with a sprinkle of cheese and some gloppy Brown gravy. My cheesteak was pretty good but my daughter ordered the buffalo chicken egg rolls which were inedible. The saving grace was wonderful Doreen. She was awesome, assessed all our concerns and thanked us for letting her know about our dismal experience. Dorren, you set a high bar for customer service and hopefully the cooks and our original server learn from your example! I will NEVER eat here again. We were still hungry and ate at the Continental down the street.This is the worst place in our city. The severs treat you like you are an inconvenience and they pretend like you're not there. Grew up in the city 50 years  trust me I never experienced such bad service and bad karma.  Don't waste your money or time going to this place!!!!! This place is not what Philly is all about. PS. The 4 dollar cheese steak.   Hahahaha. DO NOT GO HERE!!!Going to this bar was a bit of a last resort. We went in and found a table and sat down. It was a really busy Saturday night so I was happy to find a table. After about 7 minutes of waiting and checking on the menu, I believe a head waiter came by and asked if we were being helped. We told him no and he went to go get a server for us. 10 minutes passed and nobody came.
We then went to a bar and got 2 Moonshine Mojitos which were good. Afterwards we sat at a different table and a server came to us and took care of us. The service was overall ok but it was a packed night so I understand they had a lot going on. After we got a server to help us, the rest of the night went ok.
AMBIANCE: The theme of the bar is pretty cool, moonshine themed. I liked that they had an extensive drink menu featuring moonshine in all the drinks. I also like the different games they had available at certain tables. That was a fun thing to add to the bar. The DJ was playing decent music for me. He was playing to the crowd but it really wasn't my kind of crowd to begin with.
FOOD: I had the sweet BBQ wings (I forgot the actual name) but they were ok. The meat wasn't really seasoned , it was just plain wings tossed in a sauce. The sauce was good but I wish the chicken itself was seasoned too.
DRINKS: The Moomshine Mojitos were ok. I had 2 total, I would like to try their other drinks.Bootleggers is so fun to sing along to songs late night! I have been here for apps and drinks as well and it's alright. Late night this gets more like a going out spot, so just beware of that!Made reservations really chill bar didnt really need to though it wasnt busy. The bar was very neat with the mason jars color coded. If you cant find street parking their are garages everywhere. The moonshine is delicious.The service here was extreeeeemely slow. There were at least 4 servers running around who all looked very busy. It's weird because it didn't seem especially crowded though. We waited a really long time to get an initial server to visit. We placed our order and my aunt asked for a beer menu. 15 minutes later she asked again and eventually got one. The food came out. We had to request napkins and silverware separately. It seems like something that should've been given from get go. Most annoyingly, from the time we finished eating it took about 40 minutes to get our check, have her pick up our card and then actually run it.  That's pretty ridiculous. 
My sister mentioned that she had wanted to come here before to try the bottomless mimosas. But if my inability to get a refill on soda is any indicator - that probably would be an awful brunch experience too.The waitress brought our flight stacked with the bottoms of the glasses in the shot below. Gross. She threw the other drink on the table. Place is not crowded just lacks competent service. Moonshine just ok.Great bar for the game. Buckets of beer and the good bar food. Try the fried pickles. You won'tgood vibe, average drinks. all sugar for every cocktailk.Love the vibe, very different from other restaurants in Philadelphia.  If you get anything get the tater tots, they are the best, we liked them so much we ordered another plate.  Food was great, raves on the moonshine.This is one of the more talked-about newer venues in the city so I was excited to try it out a few weeks ago with friends. After some initial navigational issues (the Yelp star is on the wrong block, although the address is correct), we made it over to the bar and eagerly awaited our moonshine. 
The moonshine drinks were served in Mason jars (typical), but they seemed like excuses to be called moonshine cocktails instead of drinks built around the stuff (margaritas don't call moonshine to mind). The rest of the drinks list was all right, and the bar food was also okay. The chicken sandwich looked a bit bland, and I was initially excited by the tater tots until I discovered that they were fried mashed potatoes with some bacon bits included (I was expecting true tots here).
I was expecting a country type bar, with maybe a little bit of a modern twist (given the vibe), but I was a little confused by the end of the night because this place was contradictory. Case in point: at first, the music being played was perfect-- all 70s country rock and a little bit of Bon Jovi-type stuff thrown in. As the night went on, the music became more and more EDM and much faster-paced than you would expect or want at a country-type bar. Maybe they were catering to the younger crowd, but it really did their image no favors. 
But as it doesn't seem to have found its true identity yet, I would be willing to return in a few months to see if some of the kinks have worked themselves out.Phenomenonal food. Awesome moonshine. Highly recommended! My first experience here and can't wait to come back. Highly recommend the ribs and cheesesteak eggrolls!One of my favorite spots in old city.  Very Different then a lot of the other bars in the area.  Service is always good(I don't think I have ever seen the staff just standing around, always busy). I like the moonshine margaritas. Parking is easy, lot across the street($25 on the weekends). They have Jenga  blocks and connect 4 too.Phenomenal! Day drinks with my best friend! The Bartender Daria, blends moonshine into a smooth and rich concoction that lifts you off your feet and gets you ready for the evening!JJ Bootleggers is my favorite bar until I experienced karaoke night. The DJ in quote said "your karaoke songs aren't worth our time"Loud but good place to eat. Yummy Mac and cheese with buffalo chicken. Large portions so a good value for the money. Also got an apple pie a la mode milkshake. Yummy!! Wait staff is courtesy nice and quick. Also fun games to play at your table.Terrible. They advertise $3 budlight bottles, however they gave us  draft beer, which was awful, clearly they dont clean the keg lines. A budlight tastes sweet- no good. And when asked about it the bartender said "I Know":.. I wont be going back.JJ Bootleggers advertised "20 minute lightning" lunch was a joke. 
During a busy workday, 6 hungry co-workers stepped out for a quick lunch yet ours actually took 45 minutes. Carly the surly server dished far too much bad attitude and curt remarks towards a group of people of color. Unsure if it was because we didn't order any alcoholic drinks during lunch or simply because we quickly wanted to place & receive our orders. Her smart assed comments came quicker than the food. Snapping at us: "does anyone else want something before I go to the back", is that all, etc. 
After 45 minutes with no food coming out of the kitchen, one co-worker needed to get back to work and asked to have her order togo. The server took the co-workers money and then asked if she still wanted her food... I guess Carly wanted my co-worker to pay for poor service. It even took about 15 minutes to get salt and pepper shakers (another co-worker had to beg the group at the next table for theirs. 
In the beginning, I thought this restaurant could be a big enough space for our end of year office party but the missing lightning and poor customer service put a stop to those ideas. Food just okay and service much worse.Really nice place. It's not too loud to have a conversation in. This is the bar where I overcame my karaoke stagefright for the first time. Staff is friendly. The receipts say I'll get a gift if I yelp about my server, so I was at the bar on New Year's day and Susi took care of me. She was very polite and attentive.cool place. great environment. TERRIBLE DRINKS. I ordered a "shine specialty" drink called the electric lemonade. I watched my bartender make it and it was 1 shot of alcohol and all soda. I was at bootleggers with a group of friends and everyone who ordered a cocktail or moonshine was disappointed. If you come here.. get a beer . wI travel for a living and dine out in a lot of cities and places.   I know what good service and food is.  This isn't it.  
I notice that the last couple of reviews cited inattentive service, it's still there.  95% of the time the waitress and bartender were on their iPhones.  It was a slow night but they just weren't into work.  
It took at least 35 minutes to get my food and no stop bys to see how I'm doing.  When my food arrived (ribs) they were over cooked and dry.  At least it was expensive.   
So if you want to pay top $$ for so-so food and be ignored give it a try.  I'm not going back.Alex is the best :) mac and cheese is really good. Karaoke on Friday nights is fun. Super long cocktail list. Bottomless mimosas for brunch, $20 :) love itPoor service.  Food was sub par. Never once had my water refilled and took forever to get drinks.  Bill was all put on one tab for 8 people, and when asked to split she could only do 4.  Will not be coming back again.We had dined in your restaurant yesterday afternoon from about 2-5pm. When we arrived there was only about 6 tables and a handful of people at the bar. My group had about 6 adults and 4 children. Our server Devon was not very helpful from the time we sat down. We ordered fries and cheesesteaks (the 4$ cheese steak which did not specify it was a half) and the order came out wrong with two people not getting their food bc of the lack of detail on ordering. She was not very attentive to our table at all, we were seated at the two larger tables in the back. We realized she was under staffed and tried to take that into consideration while eating and drinking, however she never once asked our table if we were ok or needed anything else. Instead I felt like I was bothering her every time I had to stop her to ask for food or drinks. When the two new people had arrived to our table (about 3pm) she never once asked them if they wanted food or drink. One of my friends had to stop her at another table and give her their order. The last time I ordered food and drinks from Devon I ordered 4 drinks and 1 more order fries, which after another 35 minutes I simply asked Devon where the fries were and she proceeded to give me an attitude and tell me I never ordered them. Yet my whole table heard me order them and she even repeated the order back to us. My table was very dissatisfied with The whole experience, and I am probably not going to return to this establishment any time in the near future. 
We were only coming to the city for fries (which I talked about bootlegger fries so much) and a few drinks before we took the kids to the light shows. 
It's honestly a shame that our time here was not enjoyable because I really enjoyed the past 3 times I've been here. 
I did not tip well nor did any of my table, two people asked for separate checks before they even ordered any food or drinks, she didn't split the check for them or anyone else. 
I tip 20/25% on every bill I pay, yet when I was given an attitude about her forgetting my order of fries, that was the last straw. 
Sorry again for bothering her and this company for some food and drinks. 
I'm not asking for any response nor a handout, I don't want or need free food or anything, just  wanted to give you my honest opinion on how my taste for JJ Bootleggers went from very sweet to extremely sour
Kris B
Since I cannot contact you bc I don't have simple captcha or whatever that is I have to review you here and on fbGreat service good drinks. The wings were good to boot. No pun intended. Seems like a fun lace mixed with locals and out of Townes like myself.I went with my friends for the bottomless brunch last weekend. They have a choice of mimosas, Bellinis, and I think maybe bloody Mary's not sure I forgot but we went with the Bellini option. The Bellinis weren't strong at all honestly the carafe mostly had to be peach puree & it didn't seem like they used champagne either but a sparkling wine or something. In any case we were disappointed:( The food overall was ok, I had a Cobb salad with chicken but chicken was bland definitely needed seasoning. The cheesesteak egg rolls were good & the roasted Brussel sprouts. I think I would come for drinks on a Friday/Saturday night but not brunch in my opinion.Very disappointed in this place.
First off let me say that this was the ending location of a tour I went on. We were super excited because the decor was great. The food was great. The drinks were great. Customer service was horrible.
It took a very long time for our waitress to even notice us to order food. We had to flag her down several times and there really wasn't a lot of people in during the early evening. 
I checked in on yelp, of course, and so did another girl at our group and we were super excited to get the $10 off of 30 i think it was? Unfortunately, the waitress said the manager told her we couldn't use it and it had to be used next time. I do not live in PA, I have no idea when I will be back; this was the first time a yelp coupon wasn't accepted the first time I checked in. When another person at our table asked to speak with the manager that said we couldn't use it, we were informed the manager wasn't even there. So who was she talking to then? 
Just a very disappointing experience because of how rudely she told us we weren't allowed to use the $10 dollars off. With a $60 dollar bill, every little bit counts. 
The coupon on here should really have specified on there if it is for the second entry to this location.I came here with a few of my friends, and it was a blast! The food overall is delicious and the service was great! I definitely would suggest JJ Bootleggers, great location!Great happy hour and good selection of different mixed drinks! Also, service was amazing. Definitely would come back. I didn't eat this time but their menu looked deliciousThis bar is amazing. Was looking for a quick place to grab a drink and stumbled upon JJ bootleggers. The drinks are amazing, the food we had was good. The atmosphere was perfect. Will definitely recommend and definitely come back.I can't say enough about this place! My in-laws were in town and wanted to try something different. Sometimes this can be a challenge, because as a vegetarian, I prefer having something more than just a salad. I called ahead and just so happened to speak with the owner. I asked if they had any vegetarian options; he informed me that they had a grilled vegetable sandwich, but would be willing to make me anything! I responded that I was happy with whatever and that we would be there in about a half an hour. We walked in (and I just assumed that this conversation would be forgotten) sat down and ordered drinks - AMAZING drinks by the way. I asked the server if there were any other options for a vegetarian. She let me know that the owner was expecting us and he had created a vegetable pasta primavera in a garlic sauce if I'd like. She said that as a vegetarian herself, it was amazing! I couldn't believe the service!! Not only did I order this, but after our entrees arrived and we were able to enjoy some, the owner himself came out to be sure that I was enjoying it! It was soooo so good! I have never felt more taken care of! I recommend this establishment to anyone! The ambiance is impeccable and the service phenomenal!! Thank you!!Love the atmosphere and ambience of the bar. Food is good as well. Overall great bar to come to all the time. Can't beat the moonshine drinks and flights as well :-)Great service from Shelby 
Had the Philly hamburger with cheese steak on top and the Brussels sprouts yummyGreat cheesesteak and fries ... bartender friendly and courteous taking care of drinks and food quickly and kindly.Girlfriend and I went here for lunch today and I must say it was awesome. The waitress was very kind and happy to serve us. I had the cheese steak special for 4 bucks and it was excellent. I highly recommend the old city fries! Keep up the great work!It was a nice place to meet up with friends. 
They have a lot of moonshine drinks.
Nothing struck me as special.Taylor the bartender is super sweet but also suggested a great moonshine. Apple pie. Not too sweet!  I went during happy hour and you get a beer (any craft of your choice and a shot of moonshine for $5)  This is a pretty sweet deal that will attract some people who are skeptical of this spot as the last place was way lame.  
There's a cool vibe in here and we were told the moonshine is actually made in Tennessee and shipped up so it's the real deal.  I didn't eat here so I will come back to review when I have.  
Good vibe, great for old city, and something DIFFERENT!As soon as you come in, you feel you are transported to another time and place. You are transported to the oldin days. The hostess was very nice, friendly and knowledgable. The decor is awesome. What a great find. Moonshine is the main component in mostly everything. How intriguing. I came in during happy hour. Great specials: drinks were $5 wings $6 and pierogies $8. The food was amazing. I had two drinks, the Moonshine margarita and the Smokey mountain sunrise. They were both great. I ordered the asian chicken wings, the fried mashed tots, and the pierogies. Omg deliciousness. 5 stars for food, hospitality and decor. Amazing place. If you are in Philly and in the Old City area definitely stop in.I don't know how I keep ending up at this place.
I went to lunch there on a Sunday a few months ago with three friends. There was only one server for the whole restaurant and she was rude, inattentive, and unapologetic. We all ordered food and drinks at the same time and after about 35 minutes all of us got our food except for one. He kept waiting as we ended up finishing our meals without him. When we were finally able to flag down our server we told her that she had never brought our friend his drink OR his food. She stared at us like she didn't understand why this was a problem and then rolled her eyes and asked him what he wanted. She then charged us full price for the meal after not even apologizing.
The second time I went for lunch was also on a Sunday this past weekend. Assuming that we had just experienced an off day, I gave it another try. Our food eventually arrived but the service was terrible. Again there was only one server for the whole place and she somehow seemed bored and frazzled at the same time. Our food and drinks took such a long time and she forgot part of the order but still charged us for it. We all asked for water and she brought us a pitcher with a few cups but not enough for everyone. When we told her there weren't enough cups she looked at us and said "well, I didn't know" which doesn't even make sense.
The food is not worth the horrible service. 
I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 because it's in a really good location and the nightlife scene there is pretty good. They have decent drinks and board games/giant Jenga.The service was awesome. Everything we needed the waitress made sure we had it. Our food came out fast ! It was very good food! Get the eagles burger and buffalo chicken egg rolls trust me !Saw a groupon and came here for lunch around noon on a Monday, was totally empty, just a patron sitting at the bar. My review is based mainly on food because we only ordered beer and food, not the moonshine cocktails. I ordered the mashed tots appetizer and it wasn't what I expected at all, it's fried balls of mashed potatoes with bacon bits inside. They were eh. We also ordered the fish tacos which were very tasty, and the cheesesteak wonton bites were good. The mac and cheese was excellent, very creamy with a nice spice. The waitress was alone but she wasn't overly warm and friendly, just ok. Someone I was with accidentally spilled her water and we told the waitress and she just smiled and said ok. 10 min later a man comes to clean it up, and she didn't bring another water until way after that. The beer was fine, nothing wrong with the Yards pale and the Victory Golden Monkey on tap. The bathroom didn't seem that clean and the garbage was full (weird for just opening at noon.) There's also a few games scattered around like jenga and connect 4, which is pretty neat to pass time when waiting. I don't think I'd return here to eat.Extremely poor service. After waiting considerable time to be seated, it took 15 minutes for a drink order then another 20 for someone to take our dinner order. The food (hamburgers) then took over an hour. Only 1 waitress on duty and two bartenders. Witnessed numerous people walk out as nobody would come to their table. Most disorganized thing in a restaurant I have ever seen. Food was also mediocre at best - hamburger meat is awful quality. Sweet potato fries are good.  If you are in this part of philly, avoid at all costs.This is a nice bar in a prime Old City location. The decor looks much better than it did back when it was a Red Zone. The decor matches the bootlegger theme. There are nice Happy Hour drink discounts. I started off with a good cocktail called a Corn & Coke. The food is good, but left room for improvement. Started off with the cheesesteak eggrolls, which are served with a spicy ketchup and a cheese sauce. It's a good take on one of my favorite appetizers, but they were overcooked. For entrees, my girlfriend had the full rack of ribs with fries. The ribs were tasty and it's enough for a 2nd meal at home the next day. I had the meatloaf and mashed potatoes. The meatloaf was a good, seemingly homemade meatloaf, but it was overcooked. The place wasn't crowded, so I don't know what the chef's excuse could be for overcooking two items of our meal. 
I might give JJ Bootleggers another try during happy hour, since it's possible the chef simply had a bad day and my food would be cooked perfectly next time. And the service is very good. The potential is there for a very successful bar addition to my Old City neighborhood.First time in Philadelphia and stumbled across JJ Bootleggers and was not disappointed in the last!! Staff are super friendly and the food was totally on point!! Kitchen was a little slow but there was "Connect Four" at our table to keep us occupied.  Not sure why this place isn't rated higher, but I'll be back if I return to Philly.  Definitely recommend.The atmosphere here was awesome and our server, Eddie, was so great. We stumbled in literally off the street after seeing it was nearby on yelp. We were pleasantly surprised by the decor. The bar area was already packed and was pretty loud by 7 on a Saturday evening. We sat for dinner. Unfortunately they were out of the duck tacos but we did get the honey shine wings which you have to try. The sweet potato fries were also good. The shine drinks were fun and unique, we also had apple pie shots. To end the night we couldn't leave without trying the bread pudding and it is definitely worth it..amazing.Slow service, weak drinks,
And no air conditioning.
I vote you skip itWas taken here during a haunted Philadelphia beer tour on a Saturday night and while I thought the guide was perfectly competent, this stop turned out to be a complete disaster.
JJ's had arranged to take us in and so they expected a large group, which ended up being about 20 people. We were seated at five or six tables near the back of the restaurant. The rest of the seating areas and bar were fairly busy, so I knew service wouldn't be as speedy as say a weeknight... but I didn't expect an hour wait for our table's order, which was basically a few sides and a couple burgers split between six people.
During that hour we had two rounds of drinks and were served complimentary shots of Ole Smoky Moonshine, the brand seemingly responsible for the bar's existence. Every drink on the menu with exception of the beer was marked Ole Smoky. I believe we had the peach or the punch moonshine, but honestly I couldn't tell which one because it was awful--overly sweet and full of artificial flavor to cover the low-quality liquor. It is the "shine" equivalent of Burnett's flavored vodka (see novelties such as sweet tea and pumpkin), packaged in jars with trendy labeling. I avoided the moonshine list and had a seasonal draft beer.
My friend and I ordered sides of macaroni and cheese, Brussels sprouts and fries of the McDonald's shoestring variety. Again--this took an hour. The fries actually came out last. Our server had not thought to dole out silverware, so even after we got our food we waited a few minutes for clean table settings. The mac and cheese was nothing special, the Brussels sprouts were cooked right but too sweet, and the fries were just normal frozen fries. Looking back, I'm glad I didn't order any of the $14 burgers... just overpriced for the quality of the food. It's the same as what you would get at an Applebee's or TGI Friday's or whatever.
I've gotta say it: there is not a single authentic thing about this establishment. It's a loud, 20-television bar with a fake Nashville saloon feel that plays top 40 country (pop) and serves pricey and mediocre food. I can see college chicks in their Daisy Dukes pounding sugar liquor here with their braindead boyfriends who actually think this is what moonshine tastes like.
The only redeeming aspect of our visit was the experience with the manager, who overheard my conversation with our waitress and intervened. I had requested to have one item on our check comped on account of the wait, and even though I did not intend to make a big deal out of it--I've worked in the service industry, I understand every restaurant has their bad nights--the manager insisted that everyone at our table forego payment and please come back another night, when he assured the service would be better. So we left a nice tip for our waitress, who I believe was inexperienced but was of course unable to make the cooks cook faster.
All things considered, we were grateful to have the manager jump in and take responsibility for the service. The place just ain't my style, so I won't be back, but the genuine apology was appreciated.Went in to experience their Sunday brunch. It was all downhill from there.
When we arrived, we were told to sit anywhere we pleased. Nobody ever came to ask for our order. I had to go over to the bar to put it in. That person said I should let someone else know. When I spoke to the second person, she passed the information back to the first (same person at bar I had just spoken to). Supposedly, the first person did not notice when I entered the establishment. However, the beverages requested in my ordered were served in a reasonable timeframe.
When we got to the buffet, there were plastic utensils, along with normal plates. This eventually changed to plastic plates over the course of the visit.
One key item was missing from the buffet: scrambled eggs. Everything indicated it was there, even at the buffet itself. However, no scrambled eggs were to be found. My dining mate asked the person who brought out the food for scrambled eggs, and they were never brought out. The rest of the buffet food was eggs benedict, shrimp grits, bacon, sausage, French toast, pancakes, breakfast potatoes (home fries), yogurt, cheesesteak, two kinds of mac and cheese, and soft pretzels.
The best part of my meal was the orange juice.
When we got the check, it turned out that Bootleggers adds in a gratuity for the buffet in the neighborhood of 25 percent, no matter what the size of your party is.
The people at the table beside us asked for the manager, who defended the lack of eggs by saying people had to ask for them. One of the people cited asking the cook who said that there were no eggs for the day. (Remember my earlier comment about their never coming out when my dining mate inquired?) The manager then mentioned that the people should have complained earlier, saying that they had waited until they had finished eating to complain. However, she then offered a round of drinks to the table, which the people refused. There was no offer whatsoever to lower the bill. Rude manager and poor customer service.
I could never recommend anyone visit this establishment.The philly cheesesteak egg rolls are huge and delicious.  They know how to mix some drinks for sure. You could not tell they had moonshine in them.Well we came in here after the Phillies debacle of being on the bad end of a no hitter. Damn you Dodgers , so you figure you want something that has some octane to it to cure the no hitter blues. Moonshine shots, moonshine concoctions, and more shots was the cure to this ailment. 
So as we were getting our necessary shots, we happen to peruse the menu to fill a void. I feel in my opinion ordering from the appetizer section is a great way to go at it.  This gives you an option to order more than one item where you can pick at things see what works and what doesn't.   
Our appetizers dishes we had selected were:
Stuffed squash~ This was stuffed  with shredded brisket , which was pretty damn good. I suggest giving this a try, you'll be impressed by it. 
Wings~ There were a few versions to go with , we chose to go with "White Lightning" as our flavor. The wings were good in size , it was suppose to be somewhat spicy but never had that kick we were looking for.  
Tater Tots~ At first when you they come out they are not your average sized tator tot. It is a deep fried mashed potato ball  with cheese and bacon (not enough bacon) with a house dipping sauce. These were pretty good, I'd most likely order these again.  
Bootleggers still being somewhat new has some kinks it needs to iron out. The staff is on point  though, making sure you're fully accommodated. The decor of this establishment has a southern Tennessean type of swagger to it.  Little odd I thought that  there wasn't a whole lot of country music being played, being a "Good Ole Boy " types of places. 
Our waitress Gina was there, very attentive, making sure we were comfortable. We also met the manager Patty who came to our table seeing we were a lively bunch, harping about the woes of the Phillies.  Then there was Bruce, the kitchen chef, the "Don Juan" of the grill, who was wheeling and dealing great meals in that kitchen. He too came out to see if we were enjoying ourselves, if we had any questions or comments. 
Myself I think that makes or breaks an establishment when the staff comes and interacts with the patrons. They enjoyed our company they brought us out a complimentary Upside Pinapple Cake. Which by the way is a must order, rich in flavor, and sweet enough to make you do a shimmy. 
In all I, or we I should say enjoyed our time in here. I'd come back in again, now go in for yourself and get you a shot of Apple Pie moonshine!Wings and fries are great! Jacqueline took great care of us and helped suggest drinks to my taste! My partner really enjoyed his burger and my mac and cheese was very different, but good! Nice atmosphere and good music playing. Very friendly, personable staff! We'll be back for sure!Last weekend when we decided to head to Philly for the day we did a mini bar crawl. Our last stop was here. My issue was with the waitress more than bar. She kept rushing to take our order but when she did she kept forgetting everything. Why do servers not write things down.  Very frustrating dealing with the waitress.We had our Keller Williams Center City Happy Hour at Bootleggers.  I must say we all had an amazing time.  Marc Harris was very helpful with the coordination of our event.  He is a true professional and his staff gave such excellent customer service to all our agents.  Brittany, LALA, Suzie are such a dynamic team.  Keller Williams Center City agents look forward to hosting our future events here.  We highly recommend this restaurant!I went here a while ago for the All You Can Eat crab legs on a Wednesday night. The place was VERY empty, no more than one other table seated the whole time I was there. The old bay fries were very good and the bartender was very nice. However, the crab legs were just ehhhh. Not terrible, but definitely weird. They were definitely boiled, and not steamed as liquid flew out of them with each crack and flowed on to the plate. And that liquid appeared to be mostly beer, and onions too??? lol Even the butter wasn't just butter, but tasted as if it had beer or moonshine in it, and was  really salty as well. It was all just too overwhelming for crab legs. 
It's a moonshine bar so I get the specialty drinks all have moonshine in them.  But even gin bars and rum bars I've visited have had a couple drinks made with other liquors on their cocktail menu, JJ Bootleggers did not. I sampled the "margarita" which the menu said they use fresh lime juice, however it did not taste like such at all. Wasn't bad overall, just tasted like a mix was used. 
Overall, I'd say it was ok. I'd probably go back as it wasn't terrible, but I'm certainly in no rush.The food and drinks here was wonderful so was the environment. They even have a big jenga game that you can play that is a combination of Simon Says. The people that you meet and the workers here are so friendly. I went here for a party for one of my friends that was leaving one job and starting something new. It was a great time for us all and we all enjoyed ourselves to the fullest. Went during Happy Hour and it was the best ever. I would go again and I just cant wait to get back to another Happy Hour with them, it is worth taking the day off to enjoy especially on a Friday night.We were celebrating our anniversary about two weeks ago! It was a great experience and the Bartender was very nice.This place is just super weird. 
We stopped in here on a Saturday night. I had a little bit of a buzz going already, so it's surprising at how aware I was of how crappy it was. First of all, it's decorated as an old-timey bar, which it should be, considering their focus here is moonshine. Despite the ambiance the decor was providing, they were BLASTING EDM. All remixes of 80s/90s tunes. I mean, we had to yell to each other over the music. We all just kept saying, "I DON'T GET IT!" I found myself wishing that they would switch to country/bluegrass and redeem themselves.
I ordered the peach tea (moonshine, peach schnapps, iced tea). It was okay, but pretty sweet. Like sickeningly sweet. I'm pretty sure the moonshine was lacking, as well. I got the tater tots as an app, which were supposed to come loaded with bacon and cheese and chives. What got plopped down in front of me was.. tiny potatoes with a dipping sauce. Turns out their tots are mashed potatoes (with bacon few and far between) rolled in panko and fried. Never have I been so sad.
I got the fried chicken sandwich as my entree and the chicken was tasteless. I did like the horseradish sauce that came on the sandwich, but wasn't it supposed to come with a mustard sauce? It was also served with shoestring fries (like the ones you get at McD's). Please, PLEASE start cutting your own fries. Potato cutters are not expensive and it makes a world of difference. 
I had high hopes for this place but they all went out the window.Love it here but the bartender is definitely drunk. Her boyfriend keeps coming behind the bar and serving himself a drink????? (Skinny curly haired blonde ) Annoying because it takes about 20 minutes for her to even look our way.This was our first time here, we had just missed the unlimited mimosa ad bloody Mary's but we came in anyway. Bartenders were very attentive, food came out promptly and was very good. Although we did send the fries back the other ppl that ordered them around us weren't satisfied but the crab Mac and cheese surely made up for that. It was super cheesy and the crab was seasoned perfectly! We definitely will come back to try the brunch in the future!We had to wait over an hour for chips and queso. It should have been out in five minutes. Our server Sarah G was pitiful and the managers were nasty. Do yourself a favor and just skip this place. That is, unless you want a brunch experience to take 3 hours.Came here on a Friday night (1/3/2020) with a group of friends and had a terrible experience. Bartenders could careless (on their phones constantly, reluctant to take orders and pour drinks, and ultimately looked like they did not want to be here). Also, who does Karokee on a Friday night? Definitely killed the mood of a "country bar". Would not recommend if this was the "norm".My favorite neighborhood bar! Great food & moonshine !
The bartenders are friendly and always remember me when I come in . One day me and my husband went for brunch , sat at the bar and I had my service dog with me .  Sometimes places always have some snarky comment about a service dog. Not one employee said a thing except how cute my dog is and then the one bartender asked if she could pet her. She came around and said hi to my service dog and gave her a few pets on the head then I watched her go wash her hands right away ! That was a relieving feeling just to know that she remembered to wash her hand right away like that. Whenever we bring our service dog into a bar/restaurant we keep her in a dog stroller ! Cheesesteak egg rolls are my favorite, buffalo chicken egg rolls are great too !This was one of the stops on a Grim Philly Pub tour!
If you are into Moonshine you MUST check this place out.
I have never seen such a selection of moonshine before.
This bar is very large with ample seating and TV's just about everywhere!
They served us complimentary wings (they have different varieties) and some fried mashed potato things  both of which were good!  I also sampled the apple moonshine!  It is way too strong for me but if you're into moonshine you're bound to like this stuff.JJ Bootleggers is a bar in Old City. To me, it doesn't stand out among Old City bars, or Philly bars in general. 
I haven't been there much, and admittedly had a good time when there. That may have been more of a result of the company. 
I was recently there for a happy hour Yelper Alexandra K. won. On Thanksgiving Eve, the first four people to order got free drinks, everyone got some fried snacks and we all got happy hour specials through 8pm. It was a little odd that only four free drinks came with it, but I won't look a gift horse in the mouth. 
It was also oddly empty for the biggest bar night of the year. Maybe happy hour isn't their scene and they cater more to the night-scene. The small crowds still didn't help the bartenders move efficiently. The beer list was small and unimpressive, but the cocktail list had merit- especially at $5/$6 a pop. I don't see moonshine cocktails a ton. 
As I mentioned, we received appetizers. The food was all just fried bites like spring rolls and wings. Standard bar fare. 
My other visit was for a craft beer crawl event. It was overcrowded in that instance. Ironically, it was a craft beer event. This really isn't a craft beer bar. 
Generally, I wasn't impressed by anything other than the cocktails and cocktail happy hour prices. Not bad for a pop- in when not crowded or surrounded by friends, but it won't be my regular hangout.Just walked in the unlocked door to have lunch. VERY unfriendly face behind the bar just stared at us. We asked if they were open. No. We asked when they open. 12. (It was 11:45) Felt like an interrogation with a hostile witness masquerading as a hostess. This is the SECOND time we had this sort of greeting. Too many good restaurants on this block to bother returning. Management, take note!!Cute idea for a bar, but worst whiskey sour I've ever had. It tasted like a glass of water with some lime and a tiny bit of alcohol squeezed in. 
Couldn't drink it and ordered the margarita/mojito, which was at least drinkable but not good.The place lost its charm or may be was having a bad evening. We were here on a Saturday evening and it was empty. The DJ was playing nice music but all hip hop and was not mixing any. We ordered food and their special moonshine. Alcohol was fine. A bit watered down for the price. Service was slow although not many people were there.
We really used to like this place and hopefully this was just one off experience.Let me start this off by saying I came here on a Saturday night for a pub crawl for Halloween.  That being said, my girlfriend and I expected this bar to be the highlight--nay, the crowning jewel-- in our 20+ bars to crawl to. We were unpleasantly, dreadfully, appallingly disappointed.
I didn't mind the long wait for drinks or ridiculously jampacked masses of people, I didn't even mind all the stickiness from the liquor on the floor as if Princess Lolly just got plowed out by Mr. Mint from Candyland. In fact, I welcomed it, I expected it like I expect hot sauce on my chicken. What I also expect after paying to be part of a bar crawl in which your fine establishment was listed as being part of a bar crawl is, reduced drink prices. Since this is the whole point of paying to be part of a bar crawl. On our trusty pamphlets, it stated that some beer, Kraken Rum and some vodka(might of been 3olives. Idk) are reduced priced cocktails. Well, the lovely bartender who was dressed as Beetlejuice was not having it. Apparently, the pamphlet in my back pocket and florescent green wristbands was not enough empirical evidence to structure an argument towards cheaper cocktails. She just argued and looked at me with an empty expression. It was at this point I realized that she was a special kind of stupid. The kind you find on a corner pandering for an extra chromosome. Instead of giving her the chance to sink me any further to her level of stupidity and beat me to death with it, we left.
For future reference, if you want to have your establishment listed on a bar crawl and reap the benefit of that publicity, you have to partake in the rules of that crawl. If you ran out of liquor,  you state that. If you make up your own list of reduced beers or cocktails, you state that to your patrons. Commonwealth, which was right down the road, printed out their own list of drinks and handed it out to everyone as they came in. They communicated, why can't you? It is your job to communicate to the people who keep you in business. Or is this just a problem with one employee?  Either way, it's a hallmark sign of terrible management.
I'm sorry for a lengthy underqualified opinion. I may just want some closure to a very tiny traumatic experience.I show up and the bartender says Buffalo Cauliflower is not on happy hr. Who made this ad?The DJ on 3/2/19 was a big fan of R. Kelly. Sorry but not interested in hearing music from a child molester. My friend asked him not to play any more of the child molester's music and instead he played more. When my friend complained again, he sent her to the manager again, who had security kick her out. Seriously, whats it going to take for people to stop supporting a repeated child molester? Nah, JJ Bootlickers. No thanks.Amazing service, incredible food and their drinks are great. Definitely visiting again!