Delicious Thai food at an affordable price. Both the Tom Yum and the Tom Kha Gai are amazing, although the Tom Yum has a bit of a kick which might be too spicy for some. The Phad Thai and Drunken Noodle are great as well. The Red Curry was my favorite thing I tried. I will definitely be back to try more items!Great ambiance and I loved my curry dish. The staff there is also super attentive. While I enjoyed the cozy shop it's rather drafty in the winter. Next time I need to ask the staff for a seat  that help you avoid the cold air from outside.Friend and I came here for dinner one night at her recommendation and I was pleasantly surprised by everything. We split the red curry and a drunken noodle dish and both of them were spot on - I do wish they were bigger portions but with a drink plus dessert, I was definitely satisfied by the end. 
Service was very good, very friendly, and I felt very welcome at the restaurant. Apparently the art on the wall was actually shipped over from Thailand but that's just something I've heard. 
For dessert I would go with the fried ice cream.I am Thai and I went for the first time with a couple of my Thai friends who already had gone twice. We tried the chicken red curry and a few appetizers. They were all very awesome and all I can say is that so far everything here is very authentic. In addition to an enjoyable and friendly atmosphere, they very care about the service. The price here is very very reasonable given that the amount of food is quite like American portion.  They also offer a variety of fusion menu that we really like to try next time. We will definitely go again and surely this is my favorite Thai place. They are more than happy to take any comments to make their restaurants the best of the best Thai restaurant in town.   :)I've been to JJ Thai several times and I always leave full and satisfied! Most recently, my friend and I tried their green curry and their duck noodle soup. My soup came with a salad as a starter and the soup itself had a ton of meat in it which was wonderful! Very tasty broth, would definitely order again!Came here awhile back for lunch when I was craving Thai food.  Now I come with my husband every couple of weeks. Love the green curry, drunken noodles and pad Thai. Their salmon is also really good.  The tuna portion wasn't great, but it was tasty. Every time we leave, we are glad we went.This is by far my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly!  My husband and I come here a few times a month, and have tried almost everything on the menu. We love the Drunken Noodle, PraRam, and Pad Gra Paw. You can't go wrong with anything here-- it's all very good!Everything here is great, it's my go to take out place. My favorite is pad see ew, I could eat it in bulk for weeks.I eat here every day for lunch (no exaggeration). The soups and pad thai are beyond words to describe! The staff is supreme! Love, love, love it here!Tried to go to Smile Cafe around the corner, but they were closed on vacation that day, so we wandered a few steps (after a quick yelp search) and came into JJ Thai. It was very good. Their lunch specials are offered on the weekend, which was cool, and the food was delicious. Service was fast and friendly. The restaurant was a bit fancier than we planned for (Smile is much more casual) but no one seemed to mind that we were all fairly hungover and half-asleep. I'll remember this when I want to take a client for some delicious Thai in the future.We started out with a few appetizers money purse, duck ravioli and the steamed muscles. For our main course we ordered a 1/2 duck with curry and pineapple along with a pork dish with peanut source,also the crispy duck salad and shared among us. 
We enjoyed all the food and our going to make this a regular spot, Very clean....I go here all of the time. This is one of my favorite places for Thai food in center city! The staff are incredibly hospitable. I always get the drunken noodles and red curry which never disappoint!! The service is great whether you eat in or take out. Their kitchen is open late until 10 PM which is very convenient. The location is very convenient also. I'll be going here for as long I'm in Philly!We were looking for good green curry and we found it!! JJThai's green curry chicken was medium spiced and delicious! We started with their trio appetizer and I highly recommend the crispy duck salad. We also had the beef drunken noodles and if you are a noodle fan they won't disappoint!
It is a byob but if you forget, there is a little store where you can purchase cold cans of beer to accompany your dinner close by. Last but not least service was excellent!!well decorated and great attentive quick and pleasent service.We had  lunch today.order 4 different dishes everything's was tasty and delicious
chicken satay was very good  ,pad see ew was good too.drunken noodle dish was spot on with flavor altogether very satisfied with everything.will be back for sureNo complaints. Nice decor. BYOB which is excellent. Food was average, not the best I've had but not bad either.I haven't tried many Thai restaurants in the Philly area but this one surely didn't disappoint. The menu at first glance seems pretty pricey, especially for a Thai restaurant. However, you can definitely get a very reasonably priced meal here like I did, for example ordering beef pad see ew, which was only $12. The restaurant only has a few tables and offers a lively yet relaxing atmosphere. Plus the meals are on the larger side, which is always a good thing. 
The spring rolls were a solid starter. Although more expensive than the typical order, they come with 4 large spring rolls, so they're perfect for sharing. As for the meals themselves, they were filling and great. Not the most remarkable but like most other really good Thai spots, they were well above the average. Would definitely revisit, especially to take advantage of their lunch menu!Good, standard thai food nothing over the top. Limited number of choices on the menu and the staff much like the food was good nothing specialStopped by for a quick dinner. Green curry is really good, and you can tell material is fresh. A good Thai place in the city.I usually do not give 5 stars, but after 2 meals, JJ Thai is very close to that number. Maybe 4.5 or 4.75 would be appropriate but I would like to tell diners that this restaurant is a step above most good Thai eateries. A 4 star rating would not be fair. It is Thai with French technique and some French influence on the dishes, including some non-Thai Dishes. The presentation and the blend of flavors are wonderful.
Decor: simple, very clean and pleasing to the eye. Bathrooms are SPOTLESS.
Service: pleasant, informative, eager to please. One of the servers, Tipi (I think that is how it is spelled), engaged in conversation, was happy to explain the dishes. She was very graceful and very helpful.
Food: Everything we had was delicious.
 I especially liked the money pouches (crispy pastries filled with pork and shrimp).They were not mushy as some pouches are. They had a very tasty filling that had a nice meaty texture. They came with a spicy plum sauce. I had 3 orders of this tasty app. so far.
The mussels were fresh small mussels in a spicy sauce with lemongrass, chili and basil, onions, green and red peppers.
The duck ravioli were outstanding, meaty and served in a veal demi-glace. Terrific. The sauce was absolutely tasty. I ate the last drops of the sauce with a spoon. 
The shrimp and taro dumplings were better than most dumplings. They were firm, meaty and delicious. Came with a simple soy dipping sauce.
The creme brulee was very French and flavorful. 
There was nothing that I would complain about, especially the food.  JJ, the chef and owner, knows how to cook and is willing to go outside the box.
Some vegetarians have complained that there are not enough veggie dishes on the small menu. If you tell the servers, they will guide you to all the dishes that can be vegetarian and even suggest dishes not on the menu(fried rice). If you want very spicy, tell the servers.
For people living around 20th and Chestnut, be it Rittenhouse or Fitler Squares, take a short walk and enjoy a lunch or dinner. It is byob, so bring a wine or two.This place rocks! We ordered the lamb lollipops, French onion soup, pad thai, and drunken noodles. Everything was delicious and the staff was fast and friendly!Really good tasting food, and great service! An interesting twist on the traditional Thai cuisine given their fusion theme. Great for a date a night or with a small group. Would make another trip here for the Massaman Curry and the Shrimp Shu mai.Absolutely delicious. They were able to make a vegetarian pad thai without fish sauce that was great. My husband enjoyed the chicken pad thai. Also had the veg spring rolls and friend ice cream. With the great food, excellent service, and byob, this place is a home run!Boyfriend highly recommended this place, so of course we had to go. Bonus points for being a BYO, and the wine shop was just a few blocks away. I'm not usually impressed by Thai food, but this place was actually very good.
Duck ravioli 4/5. They're actually dumplings, which was a little disappointing because I was craving ravioli, but the filling was very tasty. A little light-handed on the truffle oil. Also you only get 3 so I don't think it was worth it.
Praram (crispy marinated pork loin) 5/5. At first I was a little skeptical of this dish because pork loin can easily be overcooked but this was delicious! Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and the spicy peanut sauce was perfectly sweet and tangy.
Drunken noodles 5/5. One of my go-to's at any Thai place. The sauce was a little too sweet but they were generous with protein and veggies.
Service 5/5. The staff was so nice and attentive. 
There was a flaming dessert (fried ice cream?!) that unfortunately ran out by the time we finished our meal, so we will have to return again!Not only is the food at JJ Thai always amazing and my favorite Thai food in Philly, but the staff here are always the nicest, kindest, most considerate staff ever. After eating here a dozen or so times, I've never had an experience that wasn't perfect. I went in last night, and after forgetting my purse at our table, our waitress literally ran after us on the street to give it back to me!
The ambience of the restaurant is great for a quiet dinner or a small group byo. The food is always delicious, well portioned, and very well priced, whether you're getting a classic like pad see ew or green curry, or one of their meat entrees like the rack of lamb or duck.
If you want to leave happy, go to JJ Thai!PLEASE do yourself a favor and go here for dinner. As in, tonight. Don't waste a single day not knowing about this gem.  First, this is a completely different restaurant than the Thai place that was in this same location before recently.  Not just a new menu and spruced up decor, but completely different ownership and staff.  Second, this food is so amazing I have no hesitation in saying it is the best Thai restaurant in Philly right now (yes, even leaps and bounds better than that one I know you're all thinking about).  The food is not just delicious but the presentation is so nice.  And the menu is great because it has all of the Thai staples and is first and foremost an authentic Thai place, but then also has some other food that is more American (for example, roasted chicken or grilled salmon).  Which is good because you're going to want to keep going back to this place just about every day, which is probably more frequently than you can actually eat Pad Thai.  Third, the people are just so. darn. friendly. that I can't even take it.  I went there one night with two girl friends and asked to have my drunken noodles without lime leaf (I just personally don't love lime leaf).  Then, I went back a week or two later with my boyfriend and ordered something totally different - and the waiter actually remembered not only that I had been in there before with a different group, but also that I had asked for no lime leaf that time.  I didn't even mention it this second time, but she said with a friendly smile, to my total surprise, "Hmm, I don't think that dish has lime leaf, but I will check for you to be sure."  I kid you not, I would go back to this place if they served cardboard in the vague shape of food items for dinner, just because of the people.  But let me tell you - their food is amazing.  Finally, last but not least, this place is clearly run by a small team (if not family) of really dedicated staff.  They put their heart and soul into this place, and I am worried that people might not realize that this is zero percent related to the last restaurant that was in this spot.  Please help give them a chance to make a name for themselves. Why are you still reading? Go there now!Absolutely delicious and excellent service. They were able to make a vegetarian pad thai without fish sauce that was great. Also had the veg spring rolls and fried ice cream. Yum!Move over, Circles.
I have loved everything I've eaten thus far at JJ Thai. After two visits and and upcoming third, this under-the-radar spot in the hustle and bustle of Rittenhouse takes the cake for best Thai in Philly right now.
Pad thai is perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the pad see ew is nice and dark, just how I like it. Curry is flavorful and not too thin. The mussels are great to start, and dessert is simply too good to skip. Whether you get the mango and sticky rice, fried ice cream (it's served in flames!) or the affogatto, you will surely be pleased. 
You can always get a res (for now!) and they won't kick you out if you're lingering over your wine (it's BYOB). Prices are beyond reasonable and the decor is nice enough that it feels almost like an occasion spot. You should go.We went during lunchtime on a Saturday and we were seated immediately. The entrees came with a soup of the day or a green salad. I had the soup with the Pad Thai and I was not disappointed. It was savory and the lemon was a great kick. My recommendation would be to get it medium spicy, as the spiciness just lingers on your tongue without being too overwhelming. The service was great, servers were very friendly and quick. A great place if you want something right in between casual and fancy.So far, we've only got take out from JJ Thai. 
We've been highly satisfied with Green and Red Curry. 
This is our go-to Thai place. When I suggested an alternative to my spouse--I got THAT look.
Very reasonable prices for the quality. My spouse is sensitive to salt & JJ Thai successfully crafted her entree to cater to her needs.This is a great little BYOB. It's unassuming from the outside so we were skeptical for awhile since it seemed a bit pricey for Thai food and the menu was a bit confusing. It's less fusion and more Thai and French. However, we got over ourselves and are quite delighted we did!
The staff is excellent - nice, polite and prompt. We didn't know it was BYO so they waited while we dashed over to the state store for a bottle of wine and then chilled it for us. 
The decor is lovely once you are inside. One of the reasons we were skeptical was that it shares marketing space with a tarot card reader. Ignore that and go inside!
The food is tasty though I prefer their Thai food to their French food. The Tom Yum soup is an absolute must have! The broth is perfect and the ingredients fresh. Overall I would say things are spiced correctly - not too salty or heavy like many places - and the ingredients are fresh and appealing. Take wine or some beer and enjoy!Wonderful food and service. We travelled from NJ to come here after the chef and host moved to Philly. Mouthwatering dishes and reasonable prices.  BYOB as well!It's so awesome to have dinner in there. The service is so nice. I'll patronize this restaurant again :DWe found this place last minute on foot in search of something that was open on memorial weekend and we were completely satisfied.This is probably the tastiest/most refined Thai food I've ever eaten. My sister practically lives here and I completely understand why - their food is amazing. I ordered the crispy salmon and it was delicious. It was super crispy, tender inside, and a nice tangy sauce. It comes with a cup of soup, steamed rice, and sauteed spinach.
I'm so sad I'm just visiting otherwise I'd be here everyday. Their food is 10/10.I'm vegetarian and I wish they had more options. The place is really tiny and gets filled in quickly. I tried the green curry, the Thai iced tea and the hazelnut ice cream. The food was really good. I liked their dessert selection, they had tons of options.I've  been here many times since my previous review.  I have upgraded to 5 stars.  I have eaten almost everything on the menu and it is all great.  The people who work there are some on the nicest people on the planet.  I love giving them my business, they truly earn it.  Tonight the special soft shell crab with garlic sauce was the star of the show!  If they have it try it you are a soft shell fan, you won't be disappointed.This lovely little restaurant that plays great music loud enough to hear but not enough to stifle conversation was a true gem.  I was the first to arrive close to 6:30 and was able to watch a diverse neighborhood crowd slowly fill the place. My server guided me to chilean sea bass.  She was so right and the perfectly cooked fish was nestled on a bed of greens. Beautifully presented! Gratefully eaten. I ended my meal with the light creme brulee, again with a fibe presentation.  I will come again and tell others.Wow, JJ Thai Cusine makes a plate of drunken noodles worth dreaming about. The noodles themselves are so soft and fresh, and abnormally wide, like little blankets of comfort built to hold together the rest of the ingredients. Even though the beef was a little overcooked, the dish overall was so good that I still loved it.
While the drunken noodles were the clear star of the evening, I was also impressed by the decor and the other food we ordered was tasty as well (green papaya salad, green curry). As a final selling point, this place is BYOB! This is a great spot for a date or for a nice night out with friends.The place is new but the food is simply top-notch. Try their chef's specials, they are simply delicious with some delicacy and exquisiteness finished with a perfect touch of unique design for each dish. My recommendations are Roasted Chicken, Gang Pet Ped Yang duck and Australian Rack of Lamb. This restaurant will become your favorite, I guarantee!Thanks to other yelp reviews, we decided to check out JJ's. This place was AWESOME. The food was delicious and the service was wonderful. The restaurant was clean and comfortable. BYOB! Will definitely return here when visiting Philly.Great ambiance! Fast service and delicious food. Duck salad is amazing and so are the Drunken Noodles! Would definitely recommend. It's also BYO!!The food was extremely good, vegetables was fresh (not frozen like most of the restaurant ) and cooking perfectly.  The portion was little bet look small but test was amazing . Food was not too heavy or not too much spices .End of our meal the dessert fried ice cream was nicely coating and fried crispy.                                       And the best thing was service always amazing . Love the placeMy favorite Thai place in the area. It's a bit more expensive but well worth the boost in flavor. My go to is the red curry.JJ Thai is the best thai in Philadelphia.  The service is really friendly and always remembers my friends and I when we eat there!  The thai iced tea is amazing, and the soups are incredible.  My personal favorite is the carrot soup.  Not to mention the pad thai is perfectly cooked.
UPDATE: Massaman curry is fabulousFor everyone who misses Nan in west Philly there is now a French Thai restaurant in Philly. Give it a tryThe food is fantastic. The produce is so fresh & it feels a lot more healthy than most Thai spots. It's a clean mellow ambiance but I often do take out as well. I love the green curry, drunken noodles, & pad thai (its not greasy) In terms of apps I like the chicken sate and the spring rolls. The veggie dish is great for vegetarians. Great neighborhood spot.Perfect place for a more formal, romantic date. My friend ordered the green curry, while I chose the sauteed duck breast (medium-rare). The food was incredible - duck was cooked perfectly, and the potato au gratin that was paired with the main was tender and cheesy. Would love to come back so I can try their lunch specials!I was looking a lunch place and happened to walk by this place. It was empty inside but I decided to try it anyways because it looks nice and I like Thai. I got the Thai iced tea and drunken noodle. Their lunch specials came with salad or soup. And I must say the drunken noodle was so good! My friends got pad sieu and pad Thai and they were good. The people were also very nice and great service. I will definitely be back!We have been here twice and I would come here frequently if I lived closer. The staff is so friendly and attentive. They let you know if the sauces are spicy or not and make an amazing Thai Iced Tea. 
I've had the Drunken Noodles my wife has had the Grilled Chicken Som Tom a friend had the Duck Noodle Soup and another friend also had the Drunken Noodles. Every time we are there we leave stuffed the portions are perfect. Every meal we've had there has been delicious. 
If you are in the mood for Thai food and looking for a great place to stop I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.Great little Thai restaurant! Excellent food and very good service! I definitely go back!This is one of the best Thai food restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia. I had the pleasure of having Adam as a waiter, and he was beyond pleasant and very accommodating, as I'm a vegetarian. (I ordered the drunken noodles).
This lovely restaurant has been open for 7 months, and it has a classy and modern feel to it. I will definitely return when in the area again!Bog-standard Thai food and inflated prices.
The quality of food is no higher than your average Thai takeout but the prices certainly are.
Admittedly, most of our group ate classic Thai dishes like red/green curries and noodle dishes rather than their more distinctive dishes, but for these prices you'd expect more. Perhaps their original dishes are better value for money. If you're willing to splash out $29 on the rack of lamb - let me know how it is.
BYOB.First time here today. Service was great and the shrimp drunken noodle was delicious!My husband and I had a great time at JJ Thai. We ordered pad see ew and a pork/peanut sauce dish. Both were excellent. The portion sizes were good. The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice. As a lover of Thai cuisine, I will definitely be returning.Had a great take-out meal from here this weekend. Particularly loved the Pad Thai, arguably the best in the neighborhood. Chicken had a good smokey taste and the sauce had the perfect tang. I called and asked for something specific that wasn't on the menu and they were very amenable to customizing my order. Food was ready to pick-up within 15 minutes. Pleasantly surprised by the inside decor - very upgraded from the last place. Clean, comfortable, nice music, and very friendly staff. Will certainly be trying more from here and dining in with BYO.Nice place and services. I had drunken noodle last time, the taste is ok, but the portion was petty good for their price. Love their mango and sticky rice dessert and Thai tea!Favorite Thai place in the area. The food is good and classic. I usually get the red curry, and the duck salad or something new. Worth a go!One of the good Thai places in Philadelphia. Very courteous people. Do accommodate all your reasonable adjustments to food prep. 
Lunch - Have been here twice, both times for lunch.Appetizers are definitely worth a try. Lettuce wrap and dumplings are a yes yes.
Not too spicy entrées and comes with really tasty salad. Drunken noodles are good but a bit oily, so you might wanna stick to other dishes.
Rice noodles with chicken were really good too.
Thai ice tea is alright too.
Overall - Definitely worth a try if you are in mood for Thai cuisine.I have eaten here about five times now and I can not get enough. This is definitely the best Thai food in philly and the staff are very courteous and attentive.It's only my second time eating here for lunch and I would have loved to have a local Thai place close to work, but i don't think JJ will be it. I got the drunken noodles that comes with a salad with a Thai peanut dressing. The salad was delicious on account of the fantastic dressing. The drunken noodle left much to be desired. The were four overcooked, not the freshest smelling shrimp. When I decided to focus my attention on the noodle, because there's so much flavor with the peppers and basil, I feel like there a stem to an herb in my mouth. It wasn't it turned out to be a piece of metal or tinsel. Who knows? You guys should pay closer attention. Foil and metal are very dangerous to consume.Came after being at a theater in the area. They opened at 5, and the waitress let us in a few minutes early. Since we were the first ones there, it was easy and quick to order, and the waiters had full attention on our water glasses. They don't just have thai food on the menu-- they have things for every palate, including meat options, veggies, fish and even escargot. I tried the escargot, which came with bread and a wonderfully flavorful pesto sauce, and the seared tuna salad, which was a mix up of many veggies, and came with mustard sauce and a soy salad sauce, not exactly sure what it was but it was good. The tuna was a small portion, but it went well with the mustard and the mixed salad, and the other sauce tied it all together! Definitely worth it.
My friend got the drunken noodles, which appeared to be a huge portion of chicken and noodles in a delicious sauce. He really enjoyed it as well. The restaurant was more upscale than I excepted, and we were really happy about the choice. Clean bathroom, friendly and quick staff, great experience!The food is good but not great and all the main dishes I've tried has been on the slightly sweet side.  The restaurant is a little loud due to the acoustics but the noise level is manageable.  They are great if you're a vegan (one of my friend who goes there is) since they can adjust quite a few entrees to make them vegan-friendly.Unforgettable customer service experience. No matter the reservation been made , if can't finish food eating in a hr and half then unable to service. The restaurant space so small, if have more then 9 people party is not recommend. Also, not recommend to friends and families.This place is reasonably priced, but it is a BYO. They aren't open on Mondays. I've been here maybe 3 times and haven't been disappointed yet. Their tofu and vegetable dish is delicious, and their pad Thai serving is quite healthy. I also got the grilled shrimp entree last night; I wish they served more vegetables with it to make it more filling. The service is always prompt because it's a small restaurant, and our water glasses are always filled in seconds!The first experience here with pad thai & pad see ew was so good that got me to come here second time. This time I got drunken noodles & mushroom soups. They were both really good. Definitely coming back for my thai fix.There's about 4 Thai restaurants within walking distance to my office.  Tried them all.  This one was best in my opinion and the largest and most flavorful drunken noodles which is my go to lunch meal when eating Thai.  Just wish they had Tom yum soup.  People that work here are nice.Great atmosphere; friendly and quick staff..!! Food came out pretty fast and tasted good. Although my green curry kind of tasted different? compared to other thai restaurants.This is my favorite Thai place in Philly.  The inside is really clean and has a nice ambiance with nice interior decor. Service is spectacular. I really love their drunken noodles.Good quality food and tastes amazing. Not your usual Thai food though. It's more of a fusion with French. I was surprised to see Filet Mignon on the menu. Ordered pad see ew which was so good and a short rib in curry sauce which was a shot in the dark but turned out great. The place was packed by 6 on a Sunday. We arrived early at 5:30 and were seated. We sat next to an awful family that were horrible to the staff and took up all the servers attention. Had to rush to finish our food to avoid the clientele.Cute Thai place. I like its nice ambiance. Seems like all the guests are enjoying their time dining here. The food is pretty good, although I think it's a little bit over priced.This is my favorite thai place in center city! Extremely fresh food. Have tried several things off the menu and the flavors and portions have always been on point. Highly recommend!Not Great - DOES NOT SERVE ANY ALCOHOL
- Arrived 45 min before close and they made it clear we needed to hurry 
- Last call for the kitchen is 30 min before close
- No alcohol, beer or wine but you can bring your own
- Pad Thai was very good
- Crispy duck salad was delicious
- Shrimp/mushroom soup wasn't very good
- Lamb lollipops were over cooked and tough. They refused to cook more for us. Told us we should've known to ask for temperature before they cooked them. Seemed very annoyed that we didn't want them.
- They do not have the traditional Thai Spice tray.Had lunch with a colleague and the food and service was very nice. The drunken noodle is definitely worth a try.Best Thai food in center city! And it's BYOB - what more could you ask for? Staff was friendly and attentive, literally didn't have to ask for a water refill at all they were just constantly filling it and the place was decently crowded. Awesome customer service and great recommendations for food. Definitely get the duck - it was delicious! And lettuce wraps were great as well, the sauce you'll want to pour all over the white rice that comes with your entree!To put it simply, JJ Thai is the best thai restaurant in Center City that I've been to. They give an upscale dining experience at an extremely reasonable price. They've got all the basics, like pad thai, which they do a great job at, as well as other more creative dishes that you might expect to find at a place worthy of taking your date or your parents. What's more, the food is very comforting - I could definitely eat here multiple days in a row, something I for sure can't say about other fancy places in the area, like Parc. Service is also wonderful - all the staff are very courteous and welcoming.Loved the green curry and drunken noodles and Thai ice tea! The seats are short in width so found it a little odd! But service and food are awesome! Will definitely be back here!Randomly stumbled upon this tasty little Thai place on a Saturday night.  Lucky we got there when we did (6ish). We got a table, and the couple that came in 2 minutes later were given an estimate of 7:30 based on all the reservations they had. Wife had a salmon dish that she said was good, not extraordinary.  I had the drunken noodles they were delicious.  FYI- this place is BYOB.The food was super yum, great service and nice atmosphere. It was the best decision to eat here.Drunken noodles and Green curry with shrimpThis is the best Thai restaurant in Philadelphia. 
I live a block away and probably eat here every 2 weeks: dine in and take out. 
This place blows me away every time. I'm a huge fan of Thai food and have tried virtually every one in the area. None come close in the following categories:
Ambiance - Nice and clean on the inside. Not too small, not too big. Adequate separation between tables allow you to enjoy meal without being on top of another table (rare for BYO restaurants)
BYO - No explanation needed. One thing to note is that they have high quality wine glasses. Rare for a good BYO restaurant. 
Service - The servers here are so friendly and helpful. It's a joy to eat here
Food Quality - Best for last: the food is fantastic. I usually opt for the Green Curry chicken or a specialty Salmon dish. I always start with the Chicken Satay with peanut sauce and finish with the creme brûlée (one of my the best creme brûlées I've had). 
Best of all is that cost is very reasonable. You have to try this place.I love the staff, they're really friendly and make you feel at home. Additionally, the place is very cute and well decorated. 
As for the food, I've tried the pad kee mao, tom yum soup, red curry and green curry. The curry was very tasty, and the tom yum soup was a little tomatoey for me but pretty good. The pad kee mao was good but was not authentic. Something was off in the sauce, it tasted more like pad see ew than pad kee mao. 
I wouldn't recommend this place to others looking for a very authentic food experience, but it was enjoyable.This place is amazing, simply the best. Exceeded all expectations - staff also couldn't be nicerI recommend a reservation bc this place was already full by 7pm Friday night. Why...because it's delicious! A nice, modern looking byob. My sister and I split the drunken noodles and green curry. Both were delicious. Nice service. I recommend for a Thai place, and with its BYOB option a win win! Tip: cold beer and wine store located one block down.Meals are masterfully prepared beyond expectation. I ordered the crispy salmon lunch and received a five star meal. Perfectly presented and delicious. The noodle dishes were also very tasty with generous portions.This New Yorker eats Thai food almost daily.  Now I have to travel to Philly for the best.  Four of us went and we all loved it.  Papaya salad was spicy and fresh and even people who were not fans enjoyed it.  Duck sauce was creamy, spicy and delicious.  The steamed mussels excelled.  The broth was loaded with Thai spices and each mussel was plump, juicy and there was not a bit of sand to be had.  I usually avoid fusion but this seemed to be French inspired and a friend enjoyed his filet with Thai seasoning.  As for the Tom Ka Gai soup...one of the best!Love this place! Amazing red curry and friendly wait staff. Always leave wanting more 
By far the best Thai place in PhillyWell priced, fantastic specials. Been here multiple times and will keep coming back. Best in the city Pad Thai.This is a great place if you're craving Thai in Philadelphia. I would recommend the Trio Appetizer which includes a shrimp roll, Beef saté and Crispy duck salad, the Duck Noodle soup and the Pad See Ew! Was all very tasty! To top it off and clean your palette, have the sticky Rice with Mango!Drunk noodles
Crispy pork
Crispy duck
Absolutely delicious. Worth the price of two meals.It's one of the nice Thai restaurant in town. This is my second visit here. I am quite please with their dishes on both visits. I had the Basil fried rice, Pad Thai, Chicken Satay and Soft shell crabs with basil sauce.  The soft shell crab with basil sauce is highly recommended. I love the full fragrant of basil, slightly spicy, sauce with sliced shiitake mushrooms on perfectly deep fried soft shell crabs. It came with a bowl of delicious curry rice. 
I'm pleased with the friendly service and a clean and nice atmosphere of this restaurant as well. I will definitely come here again on my next visit to Philadelphia.Stopped in for a quick meal before Helium Comedy show. 6:30p on a Sunday and 2 other tables filled. Quick friendly waiter, brought water without us even asking. 
Shrimp and crab spring rolls were tasty. 6 cut in half and beautiful presentation on the plate. Good starter to split. 
Shrimp Pad Thai was delish. Came with 5 shrimp and just the rights amount of flavor. No greasy or heavy feel. 
Highlight - Thai Ice tea. 2nd to best I've had from San Fran to London. A must get.Awesome pad thai and drunken noodles.  Ever since I moved from Philly, I could never find drunken noodles made with the broad flat noodles that it's supposed to be made with or maybe my palllet has become normalized by Philly drunken noodles, but either way this place is top notch.  
The lunch special comes with a soup or salad, which are both pretty standard; it's the main course that carries the meal.  I of course got the drunken noodles, which I highly recommend.  My fiance got a red curry that was quickly devoured, but I managed to sneak in a taste and it's the flavors you want from your thai food.  I'll have to come back and test the consistency before ranking 5 stars, but in the mean time, I highly recommend to stop by.  I can totally see JJ being a staple in my restaurant routine.Excellent food. Fast and attentive service. Came for a friends birthday and they made the desserts extra special. This is worth coming to!Just a 15 minute walk from the 30th street station, this was a solid first stop for the Philly weekend. Saturday night and still plenty of seating in the moderately sized restaurant.
First thing I noticed is that there is no drink menu to speak of - turns out this spot is BYOB. Asked if they had Thai Iced tea, which they did. To go with that, ordered the Summer Roll ($9) and Drunken Noodle with chicken ($13). Summer roll is cut up and served with a sweet and tangy sauce which balanced out the raw veggies. Drunken noodle is massive, a heaping pile of wet noodles with minced chicken and vegetables. To end the night, shared the Mango & Rice based on Yelp tips. A little disappointed in the dessert as the mango wasn't all that fresh; the soaked rice was delicious however. 
Service here is superb; ladies are extra nice and presented everything with a smile. My only complaints are that they need a non-alcoholic drink menu and prices are a bit high for dishes that aren't noodle/curry. Other than that, a satisfying Thai place as any.By far the best Thai place I have ever been to. The crispy duck, salmon and crispy pork are amazing. The staff of the restaurant are also very friendly and helpful.Nice tastefully space with very reasonably priced interesting Thai and mildly fusion entrees. Good flavor without overpowering hotness. Great lunch spot!Food was amazing. I tried the crispy salmon & it was delicious. I definitely wanna go back an try more from their menu.Excellent thai food and great service. An unusual menu but they have things not on the menu that they will prepare for you like chicken fried rice. Excellent.I must agree with some of the reviews that I read that may be the best thai in Philadelphia. My wife has the drunken noodles with shrimp, very beautiful plate.  I have crispy salmon in tamarind sauce.My absolute favorite Thai place and I love the bistro vibe it gives off! Great for a special occasion and consistent. Can't wait to try the whole menu!It's probably unfair for me to comment on this restruant because I've never had a Thai dish I don't like. That trend continued with the pad Thai I ordered for dinner. Portions were big and tasty at a reasonable price $13-15 per plate. Defiantly a good choice for dinner if you're in the area.Me and my wife came here to celebrate our 1st anniversary. Since we came in on saturday, it is crowded. So no problem with that 
We ordered the spring roll appetizer, massaman short ribs and the drunken noodle. Last, as dessert we ordered the fried ice crem and the hazelnut topped ice cream.
All the food is delicious, service is prompt, staff is very  friendly and welcoming... Awesome, awesome place.
Thanks JJ, a pleasant experience!
Nb. IF you ordered the fried ice cream.... Prep your phone and take a video as they will serve it with a little fireworks .Have been back multiple times since the original review. Quality of food and service remains A+. Lamb appetizer is a must-have, as well as the fried ice cream dessert. Cannot go wrong with any of the entrees. This is easily one of the top restaurants in PhiladephiaPeople are saying that this is the best in Philly and I can see why! From appetizer to entree.. Everything is so delicious! All the flavors meld so well together. Chicken satae - tender chicken  with  the peanut sauce, which is so good here . Pad see ew was just as I remembered it... Awesome! Just ad when I had really good Thai  ages ago! Portions are perfect. Not to little not too much. The waiters are very nice, helpful and courteous. Just stopping by in Philly but definitely worth checking out!Do yourself a favor and order the cinnamon duck noodle soup one day. Absolutely delicious! Ask for it if it is not on the menu; sometimes they will make it for you anyway.
The other stuff is good too - your pick a curry sauce with shrimp, beef, tofu or chicken, served with rice and veggies.
Great atmosphere and very friendly staff. This location has housed different Thai restaurants in the past few years, and this one is by far the best. 
Good for lunch or dinner.I stumbled upon this restaurant when I was in Philadelphia on business. I had lunch here and thought it was outstanding. Delicious, fresh and a great value. The service was excellent. I highly recommend this place.Found a favorite drunken noodle spot in Philly!! It's $13-15 but portion is big, and it has that grilled fire taste to it ()! You can choose hot or thai hot (which I hear is too hot for even ppl who claim to love spicy food). 
Their pad thai was decent, but not the best. Better than some spots I've had it at. 
Their menu looked interesting but I was in my basic b mood so didn't venture out. There were some cool dishes I normally wouldn't find in other thai spots.
Also randomly bougie with their french menu. Those entrees were $25+. Atmosphere is also lil more upscale than your neighborhood thai takeout places. Prob good for third date (not impressive for first two dates). Great attentive service. Although clientele seemed mostly non-asians (we had to ask for chopsticks), the flavor seemed quite authentic! 
One-liner: get drunken noodles, dont get pad thai.OMG ! I wish i took pictures of the delicious food. 
Upon arrival of the restaurant (we didnt make a reservation on a friday night AND we had a baby with us) the lady at front door greeted us very kindly.
It was pretty busy but they saw our hungry faces and the baby so they quickly found us a small table. 
The menu has a good variety with classic Thai cuisine but also dishes like "Boeuf Bourguignon"
We started with the steamed dumplings and ravioli. I myself, am a picky one when it comes to dumpling (too much dough, too much meat, water in it, too dry - you name it!). Let me tell you - they were AMAZING ! Very fresh, not too big, nice and soft. 
For our main courses we had : Pad Thai with chicken and the crispy duck (Gang pet pedyang).
We stayed with rather Thai cuisine to be safe but when we saw other dishes coming put they looked delicious too.
This is a fairly new restaurant but the service and food were excellent. Whenever we're back in town we will definitely come back & chef Jang : when you feel like opening a restaurant in DC you'll have 2 1/2 weekly regulars who will devour your dumplings !! 
Good luck to you allThe Duck Noodle Soup is everything good about chicken noodle soup except sweeter and with, you know, duck. The Drunken Noodles are spicy and chewy *in a good way* like candy or gum is chewy in a good way. The Green Curry and Red Curry are excellent and I'm looking forward to trying their Pad Thai at some point (I just can't help but to get the soup or the noodles!). 
Go for lunch on a weekday for lunch specials, it comes with soup or salad even if you get the duck noodle soup as your main course. Try the salad with the house peanut dressing!
They have Iced Coffee too which, if you're like me, is a big plus. 
All that added to the great service and it earns an A+ from me.I want to commend the magician that created the massaman curry short rib with delicious roti i enjoyed yesterday. The whole experience was great- the servers were so polite and everything we ordered was delicious  including curry puffs and the crime brûlée!!This place is fantastic! I try to eat Thai food whenever I travel for work, which is quite frequently.  I would put this place in the top 5% of the roughly 75+ Thai places I've tried over the years. 
It's a pretty nice restaurant and is therefore a bit more expensive than many of the more "dive" type Thai restaurants, but not out of line at all.
I tried the red curry, which was perfect. Nice heat, lots of good veggies and a lovely creaminess. 
Very good and prompt service. 
My only complaint is that they left the tails on the shrimp, which is absurd in a curry dish. It requires you to fish through the sauce trying to remove the tails. It would make much more sense to do that in the kitchen where you normally clean the meat and fish, etc.
Overall, though, a wonderful experience.I went there on friday night with my boyfriend. It was a good place for a date night. I like the atmosphere and how they decorate the place. Food was delicious. I recommend the rack of lamb it is a little bit spicy but it tasted great.My favorite Thai restaurant in Philly! And strangely they have amazing French onion soup possibly the best I've had. Service here is always quick and efficient. It's a great BYO! Highly recommend the French onion soup and drunken noodlesMy experience here wasn't bad at all.  But why were the steamed mussels so tiny?  I encountered at least half a dozen empty-shelled mussels, too!
I love the fact that it's BYOB and there's no corkage fee.  The staff was attentive and there's this pretty candle display on the wall that requires manual lighting of each of the dozen or so candles (I saw one of the waitresses carefully doing so).  I got one of the curry dishes and thought the portion size was pretty generous.  The main disappointment were the steamed mussels.  I might give JJ Thai a second chance given the abundance of positive reviews, but I wasn't as enamored as I thought I'd otherwise be.I try and eat here at least once a week.  It is very very good Thai food and I have had most of what's on the menu.  Try "Pineapple Fried Rice".  Not on the menu but it is really yummy.They will make it spicy upon request... Service is A+.Thursday night ~7:30, busy but not packed. 1 or 2 tables free throughout the evening. 
I've been here quite a few times, and the service has always been outstanding. 
(5/5) The chef did some training in France so some of the items on the menu have French influence. A lot of items on the menu here and there that aren't traditional Thai. I would highly recommend the Crispy Duck Salad or Chicken Satay (Sate).
(5/5) My personal favorite is the Drunken Noodles, I like the added spice, and the portion size is very generous. 
(5/5) But if you're looking for something with more substance (less carbs) then get the Pra Ram. I could not stop eating it, prepared beautifully and the meat was so soft. 
They have a lot of common Thai dishes such as the Chicken Satay, Pad Thai, Curries, etc.  They're similar in taste compared to what you can get at any Thai restaurant, but they prepare the food by far the best. I'm by no means a food critic, but I think the chef here has a better balance of sugar and spice in these dishes, they somehow have more flavor and isn't obnoxiously sweet like a lot of other restaurants prepare their food.  
The Thai food here is seriously good.I like their money bag and Thai tea. The other food also worth the price. The environment is quite comfortable.After hearing that the manager of our favorite local French Thai restaurant in Somerville, NJ opened up his own restaurant in Philadelphia we jumped in the car for an hour and a half drive to JJ Thai. The atmosphere upon entering is warm and welcoming. 
We started with an appetizer of duck ravioli and steamed mussels.  The duck ravioli was perfection. The ravioli was tender and the sauce was amazing- I don't think we left a drop of sauce behind. The mussels were cooked perfectly and the broth delicious.
Our dinner was the Australian Rack of Lamb with a basil sauce. Again, the sauce was spot on. We also had the pork loin entree in a Thai peanut sauce. Another winner!
We shared a sticky rice dessert which again was superb. To top it off they have the best coffee and cappuccino!
When deciding where to go for lunch or dinner JJ Thai is a must- their fusion of French and Thai creates a menu for any palate. We will surely be back even with an hour and a half drive!! When I think of Philadelphia I think Liberty Bell, but now when I think of Philadelphia I think JJ Thai!!!!Very nice restaurant with great ambience. Good for romantic dinner or group.  Food is very tasty. I really enjoy everything I've got. And service is excellence. Our waitress were very attentive. Best restaurant at Philly so far!  Strongly recommend!Decent pad thai. Substantial portions. Clean place. Boring view.The green curry here is absolutely spectacular. I've never dined in, but the ambience is really nice. Owners are also very kind. Good spot forsure.Everything we had was very fresh and flavorful. Service was very friendly. Wish I had known that it was BYOB. But now I know for the future. Will definitely go back.We made a 7:00p Tuesday night reservation recently and were seated promptly upon our arrival.  Initially the restaurant was quiet but by 7:45 the place was packed. Our party of three enjoyed their food.  We shared a couple of apps: shrimp dumplings were excellent and our lettuce wraps were just ok.  Entrees: Pork with peanut sauce, Drunken Noodles with Shrimp and Scallops with Spinach were all excellent.  The restaurant has an interesting variety of Thai and Fusion entrees.  As the restaurant filled up the noise level was high but bearable (restaurant is relatively small).  BYOB is nice and it is a very good restaurant that and we will definitely be back.  If you want intimate dining with a quiet atmosphere, this is not the place.  If you want excellent food and are not concerned with a little noise, then this place is for you.Consistently good Thai food. The fried banana for dessert is delicious! I wish they would deliver thoughBest Thai place in town! Seriously was blown away by the flavor in the green curry chicken.I went here while I was down in Rittenhouse. Got pad thai with shrimp. Very good! A lot of times the pad thai is dry but this was a good amount of sauce. Also comes with little tiny tofus in it which I enjoyed.The Tom Kha was great but just slightly thinner than I've had elsewhere. The soft shell crab with garlic was great. I also tried the pan seared duck and it was pretty good but I think I should've had the duck cooked medium instead of medium rare because it was a little tough. The service was exceptional. The ambiance was comforting and you felt happy vibes. The place is very clean and slightly classy. The dessert, OMG! The sticky mango rice is perfect and the poached pear with raspberry is awesome! I almost ordered a second round of dessert because I couldn't get enough.Always 5 stars! THE best Thai food in the country. Menu is great, food is always fresh, perfectly prepared and presented, and consistently delicious. This is my most favorite go to place. Love the crispy salmon, salmon and shrimp, red curry with chicken, crispy duck and mango coconut rice.It was sooooo yummy. We got a mix of things drunken noodles the green curry and the pad Thai. The noodles were really saucy and they added a lot of meat and veg which I really liked because most places do not. The curry was also nice and creamy.
Apart from the food the set up is really comfortable I felt like I could just stay sitting there for days. Service is also really quick and attentive.Some of the best sticky rice I've ever had! So delicious all around and the service was decent. We didn't even have to wait longer than 10 minutes for a table on a Saturday night.Such an amazing place! We stopped by for some steamed mussels, soup and noodles...OMG! Everything is just delicious! Service was perfect! 
Good job guys! :)I really enjoyed my experience here. I love the peanuts dressing on the salad. I ordered the Pad Se Ew.Thai fusion with the standards as well as more innovative dishes like a duck ravioli and beef bourginon.  
We went with the traditional fare:
1. Pad See Yew: Ok but not very flavorful.  It's stir-fried noodles without much seasoning and very little egg.  I definitely prefer a more seasoned version.
2. Red Curry with Beef: Tiny portions and missing that creamy curry base.  The sauce was spicy but didn't have that body.  The beef was also slightly tough.
3. Stir-fried vegetables and tofu with garlic and duck fat: Okay but didn't stand out.
The service is good and the staff are friendly, but the traditional Thai food is just pretty meh.  Maybe the French dishes are better but the standard Thai fare is mediocre at best.Awesome food. I have ordered red curry with chicken and dranken noodle with shrimp was delicious. Worth the moneyThe food was delicious! Our group shared entrees because we were all too impressed to keep them to ourselves.  For appetizers we had the lamb lollipops and beef salad. The lamb was incredible and the beef was seasoned well. For dinner we had the ribs special which fell off the bone, the pan seared tuna and a spicy duck dish.  Prices are good and BYOB is a plus.Came in on a Saturday night. Was great ambiance and awesome service. Friendly staff and patient when explaining meals.  I had the Rabbit Massaman as a main course. Was outstanding. Definitely will come back the next time I'm in Philly.This was my second time here and I absolutely love it. Hands down one of the best thai places in philly. The ambiance is dim lighting around dinner time with candles on the table. The wall art is intricate and so nice. For starters their soup of the day is usually this pureed carrot soup which has a tiny kick to it and it's phenomenal. I also tried the French onion soup which is also really good. The main dish that I got both times is the pad see Yew which hit every craving for Thai food that I have. The noodles are thick and the chicken is flavored. I also tried the creme brulee which came with fruit on top and it was probably one of the best I've ever had but also very different because of the fruit taste on top. I highly recommend this if you like Thai food and are in the city.Terrible Thai option in Philly for vegetarians!  Why does this place keep changing management?  When it was Bangkok Thai, the options were always a hit for me (being vegetarian).  Visiting this place now under the name of JJ Thai Cuisine has been a major disappointment.  My brother and I ordered different dishes but they both tasted exactly the same.   We only had like 2-3 options and that too with some customization requests to ensure it was vegetarian (hopefully).Mussels were delicious. Pad see Ew and drunken noodles are also very tasty. The service was fantastic.Nice little restaurant. Green curry was delicious. Very good service and reasonably priced food. I will return. 4.5 stars.I loved everything about this place. Delicious food, great atmosphere and very nice staffWe ate here twice and really enjoyed it both times. The service is great; the people are so friendly, and the food was excellent as well. I had the green curry both times cause it was so good, and my sister and dad had the crispy tamarind salmon and the pad see ew. They can also do the pad see ew with tofu (which is not listed on the menu) for vegetarians. We would definitely recommend!Ladies and Gentlemen, great Thai food does exist in Philadelphia, and it can be found here. My friends and I had a variety of apps, pad thai, curries and all were delicious. Plus it's BYOB. Very friendly staff.  Enough said.  This is officially my go to spot in Philly for Thai food.Not your usual Thai place. Very comfy upscale feel. Great service. Food excellent. The spicy mussels were outstanding. Also nice for a good alternative to the packed gastro pubs nearby.I came here for lunch today got the duck noodle soup, which was on the lunch specials. It was hands down one of the best soups I ever had. The crispy duck pieces in the soup were delicious. The broth was bold and packed so much flavor. It tasted like a very beefy broth with a hint of cinnamon. The noodles and veggies (carrots and celery) in the soup made it perfect. I will be thinking about that soup until I am fortunate enough to eat it again. The soup came with a salad. The Thai dressing was so delicious. I am very impressed with the flavor profiles the chef has created here. The place is small with about 20 tables. The seating area is nicely decorated. It would be a nice spot for a date night. It's byo as well. The service was amazingly fast. My co-worker got the Pad Thai. He liked it as well. I want to try the green curry next time. It looked great.Very intimate, clean place to lunch for a party of four.  The place was a bit empty on a Saturday (late fall 2016).  But I think they just opened.  Chose it because it was close to a guitar store and one of the diners followed a gluten-free diet.  All the dishes we had from the appetizers and main courses were bright with fresh vegetables and ingredients.  The dishes were not overly sweet like some South Asian restaurants.  Service was efficient and pleasant.The duck noodle soup was delicious, the red curry very enjoyable, and the other dishes we tried -- including the thai lettuce wraps and steamed dumplings (both of which are starters) -- also were very good.  Service was excellent. Looking forward to returning!Tasted Salad, mushroom soup, drunken noodles, green curry. Yummy food. I liked all items.
Crowded- **** Bit crowded during lunch hours.
Taste - ****
Ambience - ***
Staff - **** explained clearly
Price - reasonable
Seating - **** comfortableI eat in all the time the food is great but ordered takeout tonight first time for this very small rack of lamb was not enough for one persons n for $31 
The sides with this were also very small
This was the first time I was Very disappointed in the entrée and would not order this item again due to the size and the sidesThis restaurant is so good that after 7 years of lurking on Yelp, I have finally written my first review. We are only in Philly for about a week. We ate here on our first night in town, and we just went back because we had to eat here again before we left town.
I got drunken noodles both times. They were amazing, and the first and last bites were equally delicious. My wife got Pad Thai, and I sampled hers several times. I generally don't even like Pad Thai, but I loved this Pad Thai.
The staff is very friendly and helpful. When we come back to Philly, we'll definitely be back here.We started with the soup, my mother had the soup du jour - spinach soup, I'd the coconut milk with chicken, mushroom etc. we should have shared one bowl - they were huge. I'd the salmon special in green curry, mom had shrimp pad Thai - both were yummy . My mother said it was the best pad Thai she'd ever had. We shared a delicious dessert (creme brûlée ) and left stuffed! I want to try the steak au poive next time and I hope to try the onion soup when it's back on special again.eeehh, the food was ok, pricey Chinese food. Its a very small dining room and he can be a bit of a wait if you don't have reservations.Best red curry tofu I've had in awhile. Wait staff is pleasant. Entrees are somewhat pricy, but good.The food was incredible, we tried a few different appetizers and entrees and split them with our group. Standouts were the short rib curry dish on special, so unique and flavorful. The drunken noodles were among the best I've had. The lamb lollipops was one of the best things I've actually ever eaten. Service was speedy and friendly and it's BYOB! Highly recommend, the best Thai in CC.This place was OK - I decided to order here after ordering from my favorite place already twice that week. When I called, I asked about their menu because they hadn't uploaded anything yet. I was surprised to find out that they didn't have my favorite curry, Penang curry. I was even more perturbed when she couldn't really tell me about the curries that they did have. I should have hung up then and ordered from my favorite place, but my sister was dying for me to just place an order so we did. When we arrived to pick up the food, there was a group of people just hanging outside the entrance and they didn't disperse when we motioned to go in. It was all just strange. Fast forward to actually eating the food. Bottom line, it was OK. That's all I can say - I haven't been back since and I don't imagine I will be any time soon unless I have a hankering for Thai and my favorite place isn't open.My boyfriend and I ate here late last Saturday night. The restaurant was full and we didn't make a reservation but luckily a table became available within 10 minutes or so. 
The server was friendly and attentive and as other reviewers have mentioned, our water glasses were frequently refilled - awesome! 
We chose this place based on other reviews, as well as the fact that I've never tried Thai food before. We order the Lamb Lollipops, Green Curry w/ beef (which my boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed), Pad Thai w/ shrimp for me (I felt this was a safe option for my first Thai meal) and for dessert we had sticky rice with mango (I'm not sure if it intentionally came out shaped as a sort-of-heart or not but I loved it nonetheless!). Everything was exceptional - The quality, the taste, the timing, the atmosphere, the service, etc!
Days later and I'm still drooling thinking about the Pad Thai I had there. Thank you JJ Thai for making my first Thai food experience a great one!Probably the best Thai food in the area. Would 100% recommend the curry dishes they are great!! The Chinese broccoli dish is also pretty good but the portions are tiny. Other dishes are decently sized, however.Came here based on a recommendation, so glad I did. I had the curry puffs, the vegetarian spring rolls and the green curry with shrimp. Everything I got was cooked perfectly, came out hot and fresh, and tasted legit amazing. Best Thai I've had in philly, better than Circles by far. My only thing is that some of the entrees were close to $30, which is I guess standard at byobs, but if you're ballin on a budget like me, you can be just as satisfied with a noodle dish or a curry dish for $12-$15. Check it out, food will blow you away!Definitely five stars! We loved everything we ordered (steamed mussels, tom yum goong, som tum, drunken noodle, and sauteed spinach). We love spicy food but we are sure that they can customize the dishes to your need. Authentic Thai food with the quality and feeling of French cuisine. Service was great and atmosphere was nice. Reasonably priced and recommended for everyone.I was very excited to eat here because I love Thai food, especially drunken noodles. It was a perfect setting for a date, which I was on with my boyfriend. Dim lighting and you could bring your own wine. It was a great experience and the food was pretty good, though I started having a bad night. I had an upset stomach but I did not think much of it. I had the same upset stomach the next day. The next two days were followed with extreme stomach cramps. I now have to go to the doctor because I think I might have gotten salmonella from the chicken in my drunken noodles. I was hesitant to put the blame on this restaurant but my condition could practically only be traced back to them, especially already having a similar review of food poisoning.This place has great quality, flavorful, delicious food. Prices are very reasonable, and everything tastes fresh. The dining area is clean and elegant. The staff, chef, and owner are extremely friendly. I highly recommend this place! It's great for lunch, dinner, and even takeout!Awesome place great food and excellent service. Need to go again definitely. They did not hesitate to correct our order that came out wrong, and also gave complimentary for the waitingArguably one of the best Thai places in Philly you've never heard of, JJ Thai Cuisine provides a satisfying Thai meal that you'll want to revisit.
There's a good amount of Thai places in Philly, but so far I've been most impressed by JJ Thai Cuisine. The restaurant occupies a good sized space in Rittenhouse Square by the Mutter Museum and Village Whiskey. On a Sunday afternoon, my girlfriend and I had no problem finding a seat and service was top notch.
We ordered the Pad Thai ($12-14) and the Drunken Noodle ($13-15), the Thai classics. The Pad Thai featured flavorful sauteed rice noodle, bean curd, scallion, peanut, and bean sprouts was absolutely massive in serving size. The Drunken Noodles  featured sauteed broad noodles, basil, onion, bell pepper and chili powder. This was my favorite of the two dishes - those wide juicy noodles, fresh peppers, and just a little bit of spice. 
All in all, we waddled out of here satisfied and taking note of its location, as we plan on coming back in the near future. It's a shame this place doesn't get more buzz, as it's one of the best in Philly.The ambiance was extremely good. I came here to celebrate my birthday with my daughter and niece, and the moment I went in I felt very comfortable. Our server Tom was wonderful, he was very attentive. I had the crispy fried duck, a must have, the mussels in the wine sauce, amazing! This place is very good for groups and couples. The best part is that it's a byob. I would highly recommend this to everyone, and I am absolutely coming back!JJ Thai Cuisine is a delightful and cozy Thai restaurant with friendly staff and tasty eats.
The restaurant is welcoming and nicely decorated. When I arrived early in the evening, I was only the second customer of the night. I quite enjoyed the laid-back atmosphere. However, as the night went on, it actually got quite crowded (and I felt near the end that the staff was pushing me to leave - though to be fair, I was definitely taking my time more than usual). Nevertheless, the restaurant always had an intimate and slower-paced feel.
For food, I ordered the red curry, which was delicious: savory and slightly spicy with fresh veggies and meat. I also tried the "duo" of caramel gelato and lemon sorbet for dessert, which was also delightful: sweet and refreshing, with picturesque plating. To top it off, all the prices were very reasonable given the quality of the food.
If you're looking for a relaxing and classy Thai dinner for a budget-friendly price, check out JJ Thai.JJ's Thai was very good. The service was excellent and the restaurant is very cute. I got the chicken pad thai and my date got shrimp pad thai. I liked my meal more than he did, but all in all, it was pretty tasty.Went on a saturday evening and realized this is the type of place you make a reservation beforehand. We had a 20 minute wait but no big deal really. It was a nice day so I just chilled outside. For dinner I ordered Green Curry with Tofu spicy and my friend ordered Red Curry with Chicken spicy. We both really liked the food. The spice levels were good! The rice they give along with it is like 5 spoon worths and so we each asked for another which was also the same size...imagine that it was a quarter of the rice that's in those fast food chinese take out cartons. Turned out they charged us $2 each for the extra rice. Our meal was around $19 with tip. It's mildly annoying but maybe I'm just petty about being charged so much for freaking rice.In the mood for Thai and it was during the throes of lunch - JJ's popped up immediately as one of the best rated spots within a few miles of us. Made for an easy choice and I'm glad we chose correctly!
Something that seems to plague Philly is liquor licenses... so I was unsurprised to learn that I would not be having a beer with lunch, but that's fine because everything was outstanding.
Lunch came with the choice of soup or salad, we opted to try one of each. The 'orange' soup tasted fresh and reminded me of a healthy well spiced version of creamed corn. The salad was quite tasty as well and wasn't just a pile of iceberg lettuce, a nice assortment of greens with a delightful peanut dressing!
The shrimp and taro shumai were large and stuffed with shrimp. Served piping hot with a refreshing and tangy soy dipping sauce me for a nice appetizer.
The peanut curry with chicken was hands down my favorite Thai curry to date. It was simply delicious, flavors all combined for a beautiful melody of a curry. I wish I had some right now...
Service was prompt, prices were quite reasonable, and the establishment had a nice simple yet clean decor.Small group of us enjoyed dinner here.  Service was attentive and good.  We tried the lamb lollipop, spring rolls, and rib appetizers.  All were tasty with the group voting the lollipop and ribs as outstanding.   Ordered five different entrees and everyone enjoyed their selections.  Sentiment from all members in our group is they would definitely eat here again.Enjoyable meal start to finish! If you haven't been to JJ Thai yet, put a night aside to try their pad Thai and red curry. Each entree we had was on par with the best Thai that we have had. And you will not regret the fried iced cream. We will be back soon!Very not kid friendly. Not sure if there is language barrier but you don't ask a crying toddler to go outside and calm down first.Amazing food and service. Hands down the best Thai cuisine in philly!
Roasted chicken entree and sea bass are personal favorites but everything on the menu is delicious. Go for the short rib special if/when it's on the menu.Food and service are great. But still no five stars coz it's bit pricier than it should be. $7 for a small soup is not justifiable and they give a tiny cup of rice and again$2 for another tiny cuppa riceA really good place! We booked a table for two for dinner and were very happy with our meal and the overall experience.
Drunken noodles and red curry were very tasty. Also, they didn't have tofu listed on the menu as a protein choice but I asked and it was available. The atmosphere was cozy and our servers very friendly.
Recommended!You know how when sometimes something so simple is so good? That's how I feel about JJ Thai. Some folks felt like the offerings at JJ Thai, particularly the traditional Thai fare was too simple, but that was definitely not our experience. 
We got together on a Saturday evening to celebrate a friend's birthday because we're kind of BYO obsessed (my regular readers know this already), and we think we may have found the new "our place." Even as I'm writing this review, I'm hesitating, because I'd love to keep this secret just for us! There were a few folks already eating when we showed up for a 7pm reservation, but it started to fill up and was nearly full by the time we left. The decor is warm, clean, and inviting. 
We started off with a bunch of apps for the table: the money pouches, the duck ravioli, and the lettuce cups. The lettuce cups and money pouches were the definite favorites. Because I can NEVER say no to green papaya salad, I got one, planning to split it with one other person, but it was HUGE, so we shared it among the 6 of us.
Everyone's entrees were all superb: scallops, wild boar, green curry, crispy duck, and praram. The boar was in place on the online menu for the rabbit massaman, which we are eager to come back and try. Both the strictly Thai and French-inspired entrees were both excellent. 
Even though we had no room for dessert, we all partook, and both the crème brûlée and mango sticky rice (a personal favorite) were excellent. Get yourself to JJ's right away, but leave a table for me!Every single dishes I and Thai folks had here was so yummy! We were here the 2nd time and thought we should write the review on Yelp. We had tried chicken satay, somtam, crispy duck salad (so good), drunken noodle, Tom yum shrimp, & Gang phed ped yang. Pad see ew made me feel like street food in my home country. So authentic! Glad to have this Thai place in Philly!! Service is pretty good. Price is reasonable too. Hey Thai Recommend!! :)As a local restaurant-dependent resident, I unselfishly share my opinion of JJ Thai. The food is a creative mix of Thai, French and whatever is new, fresh, and inspiring.  This restaurant is professionally and hygienically managed. The chef and crew are able to turn out a wide range of complex delectable orders with multiple courses in a timely and professional manner.  With this shared, I hope I can still get a table at this local gem.Have been here 3 times. My options are limited but they do have GF items. Twice I have had the Pad Thai, but it is inexplicably sweet. This time I had the red curry with tofu. It was rather blah.   
On the plus side, I have not had a reaction to their food   
Too bad since this place is a block from where I live. 
I am going to look for alternatives.The lunch menu at JJ Thai will truly give you bang for your buck. I've ordered the pad thai, pad see ew, drunken noodles, and red curry lunch entrees and they come in at around $11-12 each and includes your choice of a side salad or soup. JJ does classic Thai dishes really well; the quality of the food and the speed/ service is reliably wonderful. 
If you're looking to have a heartier meal, the appetizers are phenomenal. The chicken satay with peanut sauce is out of this world and the chicken curry puffs come out piping hot, flaky, and delicious.  
Weekday lunch does get a bit crowded. I typically arrive right when they open at 11:30 AM to avoid the onslaught of Center City professionals who frequent this restaurant for their working lunches. By 12:15 pm, every table is usually filled.Food took a while to arrive, however the place was packed to capacity, so it was both understandable and worth the wait. The service was friendly and we never had to ask for water refills. 
I had the red curry with shrimp which was rich and perfectly portioned. Highly recommend the meaty lamb lollipops as an appetizer. For dessert, the poached pear with vanilla ice cream was heaven. 
One odd complaint, the tea was not hot enough, I would recommend they switch to mini-pots as it can be hard to keep a little cup of tea hot in a deservedly busy restaurant. Alas, they have no spirits, but if they up their tea game I can forgive that! I almost gave them a 5 star rating on service, food and atmosphere, but tea matters.We have been to Thailand and can tell you this place is Very authentic and very tasty. The service is always quick and pleasant. All dishes we have tried have been awesome!!!!.....you must try the "Sticky Rice" for desert....the best ever!!!!Excellent new Thai restaurant in the city! Service was stunning and the flavor of the Red Curry was point on. Get the spring rolls and indulge in their house made sauce.Only been here once but like it so far. While their entree met my expectations, their desserts cream brûlée and mango sticky rice are surprising yummy. Hope to try the Thai iced tea next timeThis place has a lunch special for about $11, and the menu includes all the favorites like pad thai, drunken noodles, and curry. 
I got the grilled chicken with rice and papaya salad, and the portions were well sized. The chicken was juicy and charred perfectly, but I wasn't a huge fan of the dressing on the papaya salad- it was vinegar-y, and didn't have enough sweetness to balance out the sour. 
The servers are pleasant and fast during lunch, and we didn't have to wait for a table even though the restaurant always seemed to be full. You get a soup or salad with the lunch special, but I would've been willing to pay a little extra for some different appetizers.Given the high ratings, I had higher expectations for JJ Thai, dropped in on several occasions but alas I had to classify JJ Thai on the overrated list.
On the hunt for the best Pad Kee Mao, aka drunken noodle, I decided to try it here.  My rice noodles weren't as thin as I thought it should be and did not seem freshly made.  They were rather clumpy, some pieces weren't separated but stuck together.  The lack of noodle separation inhibits flavor profile as rice noodle by itself is kinda bland and requires exterior seasoning.  As the protein pair, I chose chicken and it was really dry.  It seemed like my chicken was cooked already then mixed in and/or just cooked too long as a whole.
On another visit I tried a fried roast duck entree based on the recommendation of the server and it was just prepared terribly.  The duck meat was devoid of any moisture/juicyness as a result of being overcooked.  The exterior duck skin was inedible.  I ate the thicker interior meat (or what I could chew) and left most of the rest behind.  Quite frankly this duck should not have been served and constitutes the base of my lower assessment.  While my server wasn't responsible for the outcome of her expensive recommendation, when I informed her that the duck was overcooked, it didn't seem to elicit any reaction.
I'm in the minority here based on the high reviews here, perhaps consistency was an issue on the nights I've visited, but I'm used to great Thai with great flavors and preparation.  JJ Thai isn't on that list.I probably eat here 2-3 times a month or so.  The best Thai food in the Rittenhouse square area, and there are a few other options, all of which I have tried.  Their food is great, the staff are all friendly, and it's just genuinely a positive experience every time I eat in or take out.  5 stars.  Love this place.First bites- crab and shrimp egg roll followed by the garlic fried soft shelled crab entree. This was a solo seafood shame event cause I'm a loser babay, so why don't you kill may..??
I've been accused lately of only providing good reviews. I guess that means I've been eating some beautiful food and the rest of you just need to listen to me darn it . This was no exception. The egg roll app was sublime and the garlic soft shell crab made me think of giving up steak and potatoes forever.  The crab was fresh and in season. I was also a little fresh with the server. We were all happy.
@$40 for the 2 it was right in line with top notch Thai food in the area.
The only complaint is that I didn't know beforehand this is a BYOB joint and I left my flask in my good shorts.I am a very big fan of Thai food! JJ Thai cuisine is one of my favorite Thai restaurant. Normally, if I really wanted to eat good Thai food I would have to go all the way to NYC (I live in NJ) but not anymore since I found JJ Thai cuisine. 
We started from Steamed clams, Steamed mussels, Money pouch and Duck ravioli as the appetizer for 5 of us to share. They all came out great but the Steamed mussels was the killer! Then I had Somtum as my salad. It was unbelievable tasty, spicy and authentic! This dish made me wanna go back there again. My entree was "Gang Pet PedYang" which is Duck red curry, the combination of crispy duck (crispy skin but tender meat) with the red curry sauce are delicious! Especially served with Jasmine rice was perfect meal for me. I got to pick some of my friends' dishes too, Beef Bourguignon, Pan seared scallop, Chilean Sea Bass and Grilled Salmon, they all tasted fantastic! No one complained about their dish! We had some left over to take home though as we ordered too much but sidnt regret at all lol
The atmosphere was nice and cozy. It might be a little difficult to find the street parking but there is a parking garage next to it. Not a big problem. The service was great and so friendly. I felt great to get to order in my own language! 
We definitely will be back!Probably my favorite place to go in town with my partner or friends. They are super friendly, willing to help out and their food prices can't be beaten for the size and taste imo. I go there at least once a week and they never disappoint. The Asian fusion more Western food can get a little expensive like 20+ ish, but their pad Thai pad see ew and others are unbeatable. Love them! Highly recommend and this is where I take my friends when they come visit me in town!I stumbled upon this place during their lunch service one day and was amazed at the price, quality, portions, and service and had to return (I am now a proud regular). Especially during lunch, you get the most bang for the buck. An entire plate of pad thai with a side salad or soup (go for the salad because it has the most addicting peanut dressing) is less than $12 including tip, and I usually can't finish and happily save the leftovers for dinner. The service is incredible too. I believe it's a family owned restaurant, but everyone is so sweet and the service is pleasant. I've never had to wait for anything and the staff takes care into the details and even remembered me and my order the next time I went in. I've also been to their dinner service multiple times (the same pad thai runs for $15 including tip, which is pretty reasonable!!) and is BYOB. There are always fresh flowers on the tables and candles, and all in all, this is a great place to dine for a casual meal or for celebration.
Unfortunately, they don't open until 3pm on Sunday and they're closed on Monday (when I always seem to have a weird craving for thai). In addition, I will say that their Thai-French cuisine mix is a little weird, but I dig it. They have some strictly Thai menu items, but also some very cool sounding French spins on Thai classics and vice versa. I've never tried, but look forward to in the future.This review is for take out during dinner time. We ordered the pad see ew, drunken noodles and green curry and we were told it would be ready in 15 minutes.They were able to modify all the dishes to be vegetarian. When we brought the food back home it was all still hot (about a 10 minute walk). We requested all the dishes to be mild-medium spicy and the green curry was slightly spicer than the other two, however the spice level was still tolerable. Both the pad see ew and drunken noodles were really good but I would not recommend getting them together since they do use the same noodles and just contain different vegetables. The green curry was flavorful and excellent. However, we would have liked a little extra rice for the green curry.
Overall, I would recommend this place.This is a great Thai place to go to in Center City! I had the green curry with chicken and it was sooo good. As someone who had previously always stuck to dishes like pad Thai or pad see ew, I was nervous about branching out but after my dish came I realized I had nothing to worry about. 10/10 would recommend the green curry- their version is not too sweet and less thick than other Thai curries, which I like. Something I found amusing was that the menu also serves plenty of non-Thai dishes, like steak au poivre, French onion soup, filet mignon, etc. not sure why, but JJ Thai cuisine is a solid option if you are looking for good Thai food in the city.I just moved to philly from brooklyn so i am on the hunt for delicious food, especially thai! JJ is affordably priced and flavorful, and spicy if you like that type of thing. my date and i split the pad see ew and the red curry with shrimp, highly recommend. will be back. it's also byob!DO NOT EAT HERE. I was hospitalized because of the food. 
They gave me serious food poisoning, and I'm not just talking about the one and done type of situation. I was sick with a bacterial infection that ended in me cancelling my weekend trip and going to the emergency room because of the symptoms. I ended up taking a full week to recover, and that also includes taking antibiotics and other medications. 
The dish I got was chicken pad see ew (decent enough) and the bacterial infection I received (Campylobacter) is commonly seen in undercooked poultry. Only eat here if you want to experience some other worldly GI symptoms and cramps, with some fever mixed into the bundle.My favorite Thai restaurant in center City. Take out is great and eating at the BYOB restaurant is even better!If you are looking for the "real deal" for Thai cuisine, you have come to the right place! 
JJ Thai is beyond delicious.  You are in for a mouthful of flavors with every bite!  
I never met a meal there I didn't love!  If I had to pick favorites, it would be their seared tuna dinner or salmon special.
Greeting us with hugs, the staff has become like family.
Don't miss this treasure in Philadelphia!!After a long day in Philly, my parents and I were on the lookout for some bomb Thai food. I called JJ Thai to see how long the wait was, as we were struggling to find parking nearby. Thankfully the person who answered had a table open and put my name down, which I'm so thankful for!
To start, service was great and super quick. We were seated almost immediately, and the menu is pretty simple so it didn't take long for us to decide. Our waitress was really kind, and although she forgot about our drinks she was quick to remember and bring them out, despite how busy she was.
The Thai iced tea was delicious. I ordered my usual, drunken noodles, medium spice level. I do love spicy food, and this was the perfect amount of heat, but let's just say I might not have been able to eat that a few years ago - they don't mess around with the spice! My dad ordered his dish very spicy and they did NOT come to play. However, for me the spice wasn't overpowering, and it was probably the best drunken noodles I've had!
My mom has a few healthy restrictions and she ordered the sautéed vegetables with a side of brown rice. They were a little skimpy with the tofu (but the dish IS "sautéed vegetables" for a reason I suppose!) but my mom said it was very good for a plate of veggies.
Overall, solid choice!!There's an abundance of Thai food in Philadelphia, especially in West Philly where I live, so I came to JJ Thai with somewhat low expectations. I came in just before 6 PM on a Saturday night and almost every table was already full - except one table for 2 (yes!) I was greeted upon walking in and was asked if I had made a reservation - which neither I nor my friend had (oops, n00b move especially on a Saturday night). I kept eyeing the table for 2 while waiting for my friend and luckily the lady saved the table for us because when he walked in 10 minutes after me (they didn't know we were together) they told him it was a 30 minute wait! So whew. 
Food:
Trio Appetizer ($15) - a little overpriced imo but it was probably because of the filet mignon. My friend had both while I had both of the shrimp and crab rolls while we both split the duck salad (which was my favorite of the three). A little on the salty side but the crispy wonton bowl it came in and the veggies balanced it out really well. Shrimp and crab roll was pretty bland but they gave a really fragrant mint chutney that my friend l o v e d. He ate it plain and definitely scraped that plate clean haha.
Chicken Pad See Ew ($13) - first thing I noticed was that the portion size was large! I eat Pattaya's chicken pad see ew all the time so when compared to that, this chicken pad see ew was comparable. I wouldn't say it's anything special per se, but they didn't mess it up which was good! 
Chicken Pad Thai ($13) - I tried a little of the chicken pad Thai and it seemed pretty average to me. Again, good portion size and standard pad Thai.
Both my friend and I had heard good things about this restaurant and agreed that we should try our standard go-to Thai dishes before trying other stuff on their menu. I'll definitely be back, as I'm quite interested in their fusion dishes like lamb chops and others... stay tuned for an update!My favorite Thai restaurant EVER!!  I love the Curry Puffs and Pad Thai.  Great service, food and atmosphere, highly recommend this one!Excellent Thai (loved the drunken noodles) plus some really good fusion, especially the lamb chop appetizer. Warm ambiance, very pleasant servers. We really enjoyed our meal and are looking forward to going back.