Great spot I've been coming here for years. Top 3 steaks in the city! Nothing has changed even after the name change. Try a chicken cheesesteak for something differentThere is not much to say about Joes or "Chinks" if your a long time local. It is a little more expensive than other local cheesesteaks, but you know what your paying for. The meat is much higher quality than most places. I have had plenty of Philly cheesesteaks. Genos, Pats, Tony Luke's, Jim's....... still prefer joes over any of those.So much hype the cheese steak was soso. The neighborhood is scary I saw two drug deals go down outside so don't come here at night. The establishment was cool strait out of the 1960's  felt like I was in a Rocky 1 movie. It's a cool place to people watch.Chink's is probably not the BEST cheese steak I've ever eaten (and I have eaten THOUSANDS) but it is certainly in the top five of all time. 
It is unique, somewhere between the Steve's (whole flat slice) and Jim's (chopped to death) presentation.  It works REALLY well, texture-wise.  Liscio's rolls were fresh and shiny, and the Wacky Wednesday deal of a large for six bucks was fortuitous. They usually have SOME kind of deal going though.. Meat was tasty and not gristly, the white American cheese melted like a dream (but short of the sauce that Steve's is.)  I got more meat than my son did, but both were acceptable portions.  Fried onions were 1/4 inch cubes, and caramelized beautifully.   Crinkle cut fries only get so good, but these were pipjng hot, and the Whiz that came on the side worked great on the sammy as well.  Lots of people on Yelp complained about the Whiz, but I could see it along with American as a great combo.Whiz is what Whiz is.
Possibly the REAL best thing here is the 1949 vibe.  This place is a time capsule, where only the prices have changed (and pretty minimally at that) over five decades.  Everything (including real fountain sodas) are made to order. Milkshakes (the half and half was very popular)  were killer.   Waitstaff is attentive and friendly as you are likely to find on the East Coast.  The accents tell you you;re not in Kansas, but the hospitality is sans atty-tude.  It really does transport you to another era,,
We got there 12:30 and were lucky to snag the last open booth.  Full of regulars, with good reason.  Parking is not easy, but there are plenty of side streets, keeping the walk down to an easy block or so.
It was well-worth the 20 minute ride from the Main Line to make this pilgrimage, and it certainly won't be a "one-and-done" experience.  I usually find some reason or other to venture up route 1 every month or so, and when I do, this will certainly be a set waypoint on my GPS.I'm sorry if you're offended and I can see your point, but damn this a good cheesesteak! 
My thoughts are all over the place with the little details I love about this place, so let me try to focus on the sandwich and go from there. The menu is pretty tight with how you can get your steak here. There is no whiz (thank god) and the Pizza steak, Steak Hoagie, etc...where not listed (although they do serve hoagies, so maybe if asked nicely you could get one if that's your thing). Next thing to know is that they don't disguise their meat by chopping it up into fine little bits. This is sliced baby, and it is good. The real stand outs for me were the most amazing roll and the fantastic sauteed onions. Both components are easily the best I've yet to have in my travels around the city and made for a delicious gooey mess by the end of the roll.
The place itself has a great vibe. It is tiny and I can imagine fills up during those prime times. Its 5 cozy booths with individual jukeboxes surround a little soda fountain! The place was staffed today with 4 (including the cook) twenty-something girls who rocked the place. They were having fun and totally added to the uniqueness of the place.
Steve's Prince of Steaks has been my favorite for a while, but Chink's has taken over thanks to the equally as good cheesesteak and the better than average atmosphere.Best Cheesesteak in Philly ! I tried a number of steak sandwiches and this place definitely has the best ! The cheese fries are amazing too ! Plus if you go on a Wednesday they have a special on large cheesesteaks !I went here when it was Chink's and the food was very good though the placed looked dated (something I actually like, though I know most don't.)
I have not been here deliberately since they changed the name to Joe's. I refuse to support those who buckle to political correctness.The best cheesesteak I've had in philly. There are a lot of things I love about this place. The 50's diner vibe, the ridiculous milkshakes and egg creams, the name, and of course the steaks. They are cooked to order, not an assembly line deal like Jim's or Pat's. This of course means they can give a lot more attention to the steak and it shows. The onions are perfectly caramelized, the flavorful steak chopped just enough, the roll is fresh and toasty, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, and if you get american or provolone the cheese is actually melted properly and MIXED IN WITH THE MEAT; something that is crucial in my opinion if you are not going with wiz yet also something that is so often overlooked. The large steak is a full 12 inches I believe, and starts at just under 8 dollars which is already a great value. But Chinks has one more trick up their sleeve, their daily specials, which run from combo deals tuesday and thursday, to 6.50 large cheeseteaks all day on wednesdays, which is an incredible deal. Do yourselves the favor it is well worth the drive, especially considering it is a restaurant you can actually relax in, much different than the wait in long line get in n get out of certain OTHER "famous" places.The best cheese steak in Philly. Maybe the best cheese steak period. Anytime I even pass remotely by during a drive from Albany NY, I stop or make the detour to joes. Everything else there is also high quality. Clean inside and the service has always been good. If you want the best cheese steak, this is the only place you should go.First cheesesteak I've ever had, and though it was good it wasn't as amazing as I had anticipated. Nevertheless the place gets high points for the wonderful girls working there. They were all friendly!I had a cheesesteak on the gluten free bread and a strawberry milkshake.  The gluten free hoagie bread was really good texture.  Not crumbly like a lot of gluten free breads and it didn't break apart at the seam.  Also the shake was delicious and I loved the decor.  I would eat here again if I lived in Philadelphia.I've been a long time fan of Torresdale Avenue but love the vibe of the Girard scene.  But please someone,  anyone tell the cook in Fishtown location that the meat is supposed to be juicy and succulent. You're messing with a Philly instituion here. Sadly until I hear further I will have to go back Torresdale....not that that's bad it just out of the way.Awesomest!  ...best Cheesesteaks for sure;  this is worth a drive from New York to DC just to stop in here for a massively, beautiful work of Steak, Sauce 'n Cheese
The reason to take 95 rather than 295 ....  to enjoy Philly
highly recommendedToday March 21 is my Birthday and I saved today to make my first visit to Chinks
This is by far the best Cheesesteak Anywhere!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have one instruction for anyone reading this.... Go Here!!!!
seriously, this food is shockingly good! From the milkshake to the fries everything here is phemomenal....
My favorite birthday meal of all time!
I had to take a star from ishkabibbles and make it a 4 star
Chinks is the only 5 star steak place
5 star and triple monkey!Cozy little joint with those old school sodas and milkshakes. Cheesesteaks are great, and you have the option to order a regular sized cheesesteak, rather than something the size of your forearm (that is available, but it's not the standard). It's nice to be able to sit down inside at a cheesesteak place in the winter time. 
My friendly waitress talked me into an Apple Pie milkshake. It had a slice of pie blended into it. So epic. As good as my other favourites - Pat's and Tony Luke's, just different. Argue all you want about who's is better, I love the variety.I'll start by saying that over the years my friend and I have randomly taken off from North Jersey to Philly in search of a good authentic cheesesteak....and for many years we remained unsuccessful.....until Chink's.
Chinks is a small hole in the wall type place, but as many know these places can be the best cheat eats around.  The cheesesteaks, at a mere 6$ are GREAT.  The perfect greasy, cheesey and tasty fast cheap eat.  I have had many cheese steaks before but this is by far one of the better ones :)   Also, this place boasts an old time soda fountain that ranges from hand mixed flavored sodas to thick shakes and even really good egg creams, and all at good prices. Many places in my area and NYC also boast this sort of option however they make a big deal of it being "vintage" and specialty and they overprice but chinks is not like that...its not some trendy new soda fountain...its more of an oldskool authentic soda fountain experience, that combined with the cheese steak is well worth a trip back just to go to Chinks.   This place is now a must try on my small but growing personal lists of Philly venues. I can see why the locals view it as a classic Philly institution.  Thumbs up for chinks!Some local friends told us about this spot which is an alternative to the touristy cheesesteak spots around South St.  Found out they used to be called "Chink's" (can see why they had to change that.)  good food, good service, limited menu and like the fact that the interior didn't change too much.  Recommend if you happen to be in the area.The best cheesesteak i've had so far!!! Fantastic, fast and cheesy.  The staff were very friendly, we hit the area around 230pm on our way in from NY. We were staying in Philly and have heard a lot about this place.  Definitely recommend checking them out, the milkshakes are huge and filling.  Great value and service.Love the food best shakes and steaks around. This is their (chinks) Joe's original location. Don't forget to go to their new location off Girard Avenue.I've always been a fan of "chopped" cheesesteaks, and have never found a ribeye style steak that compared...until I had my first Chink's.  Oh man, this steak simply blew me away.  It was meticulously prepared for me to order, as I sat at the soda fountain counter with my black cherry soda.  Then when it came out, with a nice side of hot peppers, I was in marvel at the fine preparation.  When I saw the ribeye style, I was skeptical.  One bite and I was a believer.  Chubby's is my all time favorite, but darn it, Chink's immediately is up there in the top 3 cheesesteaks I've ever tasted.So visiting philly this should be in your agenda. 
I ordered the large cheesesteak. It was very good well cooked. Best part was the bread. Sometimes this can be forgotten about but joes did not forget the bread. One sad factor though is the mushrooms. I'm pretty sure they are canned and you can taste it. I think I will order without mushrooms next time but don't let this stop you. The cheesesteak is supreme and is worth the trip to north philly. 
Got a shamrock shake to top off the experience and well worth it. The shamrock shake was first class. 
The restaurant is a little small but fits the neighbor hood and thought the service was perfect. The ladies behind the counter took care of us.I loved the small diner feel however the cheesesteak was VERY BLAND. Thank God for the salt and pepper shakers at the table. Had the steak been seasoned I would have given the place at 4.5 (screen door was open and so there were flies)Chinks! The best cheesesteaks around. Can't even drive by without stopping because it smells soo good. I grew up with my parents taking me there and I'm still going there nowI seriously wake up at 7 AM thinking about these cheesesteaks-- Best cheesesteak I've ever had. Period. 
Choice of American, Wiz, or Provolone.
Great cheesefries, too. They are the crinkle fries with a side of wiz.
Steve's Prince of Steaks is second.Possibly the best cheesesteak in the whole city... Too bad about the name... A young Korean woman started a major protest about the name. The owner in response said, "It's not racist at all. In fact, it's named after my Grandfather who founded the place. They called him Chink.... cause of his Chinky eyes."You gotta at least try this place. After being a vegetarian for many years, I slowly added meat back in my diet. A friend who lives nearby says you have to try "Chinks". One bite and there was no turning back. I am convinced this is the best cheesesteak you'll find in Philly. Fries are just average; but they do make great egg - creams, shakes & fountain sodas.Wacky Wednesdays you can get a large cheesesteak for $6.50I drove a long distance to see if the cheese steaks were that good or just hype. The shop is in a mixture of businesses and homes so I had to park a block away. It was a nice day so no issue. 
When I stepped into Joe's it was a step back in time. That's a good thing. The old fashioned soda shop decor was awesome as was the waitresses. I went upstairs to the bathroom and I had a flashback. The wallpaper pattern was identical to the wallpaper in my dining room growing up in the 60's. 
The true test was the actual cheese steak. The roll was delicious not so much for the meat. Much more grisly than the S Philly steaks. Not a whole lot of taste. 
If you want to visit in a time warp then visit Joe's. Do not go for the steak.Disappointed. The meat was very greasy and not very flavorful. The onions were bland as well. The bread was good and probably the best part of the sandwich. There were 2 slices of provolone so it wasn't "cheesy" at all. 
The neighbor hood wasn't so great but I did expect that. 
Going to continue my quest for a great Philly Cheese Steak!Chinks (now known as Joe's) may be the best-kept secret in Northeast Philadelphia.
These are arguably some of the best cheesesteaks in the city. The meat is great quality and always cooked right with a perfect meat-to-cheese balance and the onions are cooked perfectly too. 
This is definitely a place where you want to eat in, as long as you aren't a large group. It has a great 40's diner vibe (because that's when they opened) and the servers are all really efficient and nice. 
Also, don't leave without getting a milkshake or ice cream soda. I always go for the cherry ice cream soda, and it never disappoints.
They have great specials too, including my favorite- $6.50 large cheesesteaks all day on Wednesdays.
The prices are really good and they do take credit cards.For  the better part of 20 years, I have been telling everyone who would listen that Ishkibibble's Eatery on South Street is the best cheesesteak I've ever had. I've been to other places I won't name here, but nothing came close to Ishkibble's.
A few months ago, I was told be a couple of friends to try out Chink's in the Northeast, and after been hounded repeatedly, I decided to give it a shot.
I knew when I walked into that place I was in for a treat, when I saw the texture of the meat and how it was cooked. Lo and behold, that steak was unlike anything I've EVER had. Incredible taste, and a nice size steak. For the price, it's a huge bargain. I walked out of that place feeling like I ripped THEM off!
I'll always love Ishkibble's, but I can no longer tell people they have my favorite cheesesteak. That crown now goes to Chinks!One of philly finest.  Well prepared steaks on the correct and flavorful rolls.  Prepare to wait about 45 minutes, but if you are familiar with Philly, this is not news.  Highly recommended, but definitely a place for carry out...very small establishment not met for dining in.Screw Pat's and Geno's! Joe's is the best by far! The fries are always crispy and I personally prefer larger chunks of meat in my cheesesteaks. The milkshakes are incredible also!Philly local and I was not impressed with the taste of this cheesesteak. It's underseasoned/bland, the bread is way too chewy.. Not a good chewy but the type you can still be chewing way after the meat is gone. They give you very little meat. Maybe this is a great cheese steak to the hipsters? My sister did enjoy her vegan cheesesteak but I will stick to Carmen's Cosmi's or Jim's... Sidebar:They do have good wiz sauce though.BANGIN'. This place has it all, especially if you're looking for something quick and easy. The food was fantastic, the girl who took our order was as sweet as can be, and the prices were great. It only made it better than they had a straight up pickle/pepper bar in the back!!Can't be beat; sandwiches are as good as any...anywhere...shakes are great and service is excellent, could use a wee bit more elbow room, but will happily give it up for the food !!Fantastic cheesesteaks in a quaint little shop. I usually drive a little out of the way when visiting my boyfriend's parents just to go here. Because its small, it can get a little packed at times. The milkshakes here are the best. I recommend trying their shake of the month, even though they might sound a little crazy at first, the flavors are never overwhelming, and they always manage to make it work. I've had the privilege of trying their cotton candy milkshake and their candy cane milkshake, both did not disappoint.Joe does an amazing steak. 
I ordered through UberEats. The ordering process was smooth, arrived on time, and surprising was still hot (5 miles away). 
My wife had a cheesesteak with fried onions and a vanilla milkshake. Plenty of tender ribeye, fresh Liscio's roll, and perfectly caramelized fried onions. I ordered the buffalo chicken fries and they were amazing. All of the elements complimented each other. 
Highly recommended!They have the best cheesesteaks I've ever had.  It makes me think back to when I thought Geno's had the best steaks.  Little did I know!  The most surprising thing is that the service rivals the quality of the product.  All the ladies are always very friendly and courteous.  Keep up the good work, Chinks!Great authentic Philly Cheesesteak.
Amazing shakes.
Really awesome choice when in North PhillyThis was the final meal on our trip.  It was pretty darn good.  A couple of things lacking but overall it was still awesome!  They have a Thursday special which is any large cheesesteak and a milkshake for $10.50.  I got a whiz with and a vanilla shake.
Cheesesteak-  They use really good meat here.  Its not all hacked up into pieces yet its not perfectly round slices of steak.  Kind of like a hybrid.  The meat was really good.  They load this thing up with a lot of onions too which I like.  The only thing I would change is the whiz.  It wasn't ooey and gooey...maybe it wasn't melted/heated enough???  Something was a little off with it.  The bread was good but a little too doughy.  Still a really good sandwich though.  If I ever go back, I'm going to order it with American cheese. (I read that American used to be the only way you could get a Chinks steak).
Milkshake-  Delicious!  Plain vanilla.  I believe they use Turkey Hill Ice Cream which is phenomenal.  Some of the best ice cream you can get!  You could taste the vanilla bean and it was blended perfectly so you could suck it through the straw without straining too hard.  A great milkshake!
Service-  The service was amazing!  The waitress was super friendly and very "easy on the eyes".  She got my buddy drink refills without asking and delivered us more napkins when she saw we had cheese running down our face...very attentive!
Out of 4 cheesesteaks on our trip, this would rank number 2 probably behind Steves Prince of Steaks.  I wouldn't recommend the whiz though.  Go with American and it would probably be a 5 star joint!  Total for 2 steaks, a Coke and a Milkshake was $22 and change.
3 stars for the food and an extra one for the service!Chink's still makes the best cheesesteak in Philly. And, since Philly is pretty much the only place you can get a great cheesesteak, that makes Chink's the best in the known universe. 
I'm fortunate to work in the neighborhood, so I'm a regular here. The food is always fabulous, and the girls who work there are friendly, beautiful, and always very attentive. 
Forget all the other cheesesteak places. If you want the best you have to go to northeast Philly and slide into a booth at Chink's Steaks.Wow..........Chinks Rocks...I live in Jersey and love the diner atmosphere...The steaks were to die for and the staff could not of been friendlier..I grew up in Parkwood in the  in the 60's and have never been here until today...News Alert.. I will be a regular from here on in...Keep up the good work and I miss the Northeast...Bonus the girls are eye candy as well...The steaks are good, albeit a little small, but it makes it easier to pair it with a malted which makes it all incredible. As a plus you get table service and a friendly and relaxed atmosphere which is quite different from most steak joints.I have lived in Philly most of my life and have always gone to Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, and Jim's which has been my favorite. I just recently went to Joe's for the first time and I was blown away by the cheese steaks -- the rolls make all the difference -- fries and milkshakes. The staff was so nice and even took time to chat with us. Sorry, Jim's. Joe's may very well now be my favorite.When I venture into the city its usually in the south Philadelphia area. So for the longest time, my favorite cheesesteak joint was Philip's. A good friend of mine insisted that Joe's had the best. So we hit up the north Philadelphia region to check it out. Yeah, my new favorite cheesesteak spot!
I loved everything about this place. Let's list off a few of the things I loved:
1. The cheesesteak! It was perfect! Finally a place that puts a sufficient amount of cheez whiz! I loved that it's served on a piece of paper too. 
2. Cheese fries...crispy and perfect! 
3. They have milkshakes. Though I didn't get one, they looked amazing!
4. The place itself! Local joint with tons of character!
 I can't wait to go back!Drove down from Fox Chase last weekend and was well worth the drive.  The cheese steaks were big and very tasteful. The chocolate shakes fantastic and thick. Very nice inside like out of the past old booths and very clean. Went back the following weekend just to get shakes to take home. They got me hooked and happyForget about Ginos and any other philly cheese steak spots you hear about - this is the best philly cheese steak hoagie in Philly! Whenever I'm in Philly - this is my first stop. Compliment that sandwich w one of thier famous thick shakes....omg this place is so good. Come hungry and leave happy! The old school soda shop ambiance is so cool. Original juke box on each table. Great good and great vibe! Must try!At first I was offended by the name of the place, but I had to go after all the rave reviews. After I found out that it's not a derogatory name, but rather a tribute to the original owner, I calmed down and throughly enjoyed what is quickly vying for the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. The meat is what does it. It's cut and cooked to perfection and plump full of flavor. Apparently the milkshakes are good too, and ginormous. Perhaps if I find someone to share it with next time, I'll update my review.
One star down for being difficult to get to. Nothing's really around the area. You just go there for the steakwhich... and believe me it's worth it.We went to Philadelphia from NY to just get the Philly cheese steak. After research we decided we will go to Joe's. Small place plenty people, oldish look, very busy. Every table has old coin music player but it is just for the show. They will cook your sandwich after they take your order. Fresh meat and they are cooking in front of you, so delicious. OHH you can't say Philly cheese steak when you are in the Philadelphia, it is only cheese steak.Best cheese steak in all of Philly, probably the world. Be sure to order extras to go, they hold up incredibly well in the refrigerator and for some reason heat up really well in the microwave without getting weird.Being from out of town and trying other cheesesteaks in Philly, I made my way out to Chink's:
I got a strawberry shake that people raved about, it was thick but I was surprised it wasn't that sweet. I waited a good 10min for my cheesesteak w/onions and american cuz the guy that ordered before me ordered like 10 to go, but I must say it was definitely worth the wait! The way I watch them cook the steaks was like watching bulgogi getting cooked on a korean bbq (minus the beef getting marinated) and when I tasted it had that same texture! and what impressed me as well was they left the bread sitting on the grill which provided the crispyness from the bread which brings a great combination with the meat. I ate the other half the next day and it still tasted amazing! This place definitely stands out of the rest and I will come back again and order many more!My mom asked five or six people in the family who makes the best steaks and they all said Chinks :)
Pretty good cheesesteak and I didnt think it was drippy or greasy - perfect! Thick shakes made with ice cream - yum. Very busy place. It's in a busy neighborhood. Parking is really not that bad. At most, you walk a couple blocks. The people who worked there weren't friendly but they weren't rude. They serve the food on paper so that is eco-friendly :) Small mom-and-pop place where they cook your steak next to the window for all to see. Old diner feel where you can sit at the tabletop bar. The sign on the wall advertising the food even looks1950s-ish. They have jukeboxes on every table but it looks like they dont let them play anymore.Nobody can hold a candle to Chink's.  Super friendly staff to go along with the best cheesesteak you will ever eat in your life.  If I decided to become fat, I'd eat a steak here at least five times a week.No Geno's or Pat's.. If u want a real Philly cheesesteak one of the best spots is Chink's! I only wished they cooked fries there too :(If you happen to be visiting Philadelphia and craving a true Philly Cheesesteak,  visit Joe's.  I highly recommend the cheesesteak with hot sausage that's not on the menu.Great steaks, but the shakes are average. They definitely take their time with your order. The steak is not paper thin and crumbled like most places in Philly, and the bread is a bit thick.Number one cheesesteaks in Philly. I've brought people from all over the city to my once called Chinks. My father grew up in the neighborhood hanging out there then I grew up there then my son went to school around the corner. The smell is fantastic. Everything is good,eating in is better because it gives u the experience.My family and I made it to Joe's Steaks (formerly Chink's) today for the first time ever.  After hearing about the great Chink's Steaks for so many years, I have to say I was NOT disappointed!  I ordered a cheese steak, American cheese, with fried onions.  It was DEE-LISH!!!  Truly.  And I just stuck with my regular Coca-cola, but my husband got a cherry soda, which I sampled.  It was so yummy.  Next time I go back I'll be trying the cherry soda with my cheese steak!We visited here on 8/1/14. This place is a JOINT! Old wooden booths, stools at the counter and a tin ceiling. I was impressed. Waitress was friendly and did a great job! Steak sandwich was awesome! I recommend this place!Great Neighborhood Cheese steak spot!!! Everyone I have brought here loves these cheese steaks and the Milkshakes. They have the best steaks in the city and on Wednesday there steaks are only six dollars. You see all the cops, city worker, and Peco workers coming in there so you know its good. I have a steak at least once a month.Chink's is small and maybe a bit out of the way, but the food is freshly made and the service is friendly. They have good cheesesteaks, good fries, and good drinks (including a variety of ice-cream sodas and flavored cokes). Go during off hours if you want to get a booth.Awesome place and good food. Had the cheesesteaks with mushroom cheese whiz (first time having cheese whiz) and the fries with old bay seasoning. It was awesome. The staff was on point and the place was comfortable. Barely got a sit even on a Sunday. Good place to eat in Philly.A visit to Chink's and the surrounding neighborhood gives you the feeling of visiting the Philadelphia of several decades ago (I imagine).  The restaurant has an authentic 1950's feel (I imagine), probably partly because it has been around since the late 40's.  
Chinks has a very small menu, offering cheesesteaks, burgers and sausages, and drinks including milkshakes, egg creams and chocolate and vanilla sodas. Ice cream is also available.  The staff is almost entirely cute, friendly 20 year old girls.  
The cheesesteak I had was very good, although I don't find cheesesteaks from different shops all that different from one another. The biggest difference here is that the meat is sliced rather than chopped.
Overall, I wouldn't normally go out of my way to go to Chick's, but I will be taking visitors here to give them that authentic Philly experience.Absolutely amazing cheesesteak, atmosphere and milkshakes. If you are a cheesesteak lover, don't miss thisOne lovely Saturday morning a large group of friends and I decided to start the day out with a round at Juniata, a la beer-a-hole. Things went smoothly but slowly, however, after 18, I still had plenty of time to make the reception of the wedding ceremony I had missed around hole 15 (don't frown at me, I was a friend's fourth string plus one). All was still well as the twelve of us began loading up the car caravan, when suddenly we heard a low rumbling. Much like a yawn, that belly talk spread through our crew like wildfire, and within seconds every one of us was jockeying to name drop the most slammin' local eateries we knew. 
After many strong guarantees from a day walker I know, Chinks won out (who listens to those stricken with gingervitis, you ask? apparently this guy). 
Cruised into the old school looking shop and started dropping orders: whiz with, provolone and extra hots, American with saltpepperketchupandhotsauce.... the combos went on like that for a minute. Started chowing down on mine as soon as it came and immediately loved it, so much so that the girl constantly calling to check my ETA didn't take a drop of the enjoyment away for me. Steaks aren't chopped (not my usual style), they come on a fairly good roll, and with a healthy slathering-o-cheese. That meaty meal was so satisfying that 75% of us decided to go in for round two... so good that I had to cover the receiver as I again fibbed about being minutes from home just so I could re-up. Yeah, I know, how rude of me, but you don't know all the facts; there was a strip club directly across the street for the other four fellows to go wait out our extended meal, so everyone was happy. 
Never did make the wedding, but at least I learned about another solid NE cheesesteak (she forgave me eventually).Full disclosure, I am in fact a publicist and am lucky enough to call Joe's Steaks + Soda Shop a client.
Not only is the quality of the meat superior and always perfectly cooked at Joe's- the sandwich is significantly less greasy than the competition. The best part? How they lightly toast the bread on the grill. And don't get me started on those delicious milkshakes......
Owner, Joe Groh is also the nicest man I have ever met. He truly cares about his product, staff and customers.
The name change was not an easy decision for him and it was done under careful consideration for the longevity of his business, family, staff, and a large portion of the population who are in fact ostracized by the name, 'Chink.' The fact that people still do not understand why operating under this name in 1949 is different than 2014 is flabbergasting. And they are probably Redskins fans.
I have witnessed first hand the verbal abuse, vandalism, and other abhorrent behavior that Joe has had to put up with over the last year and it breaks my heart. I do not know another small business owner who deserves to prosper more than this man.
I look forward to supporting Joe in his decision to change the name by eating a whole bunch of his delicious cheesesteaks - and cannot wait for his second location in Fishtown to open!
#ISupportJoeGrohComing from South Philadelphia and all is was kind of disappointing to find that THE best cheesesteak actually comes from the Northeast.
I was introduced to Chinks by my husband, a native of the other end of the city, and immediately fell in love with both the food and the environment. It reminds me of a Woolworth's-style luncheonette, fountain drink dispenser, stools,  malts and all. I don't think anywhere near me could match the malts and shakes, which are always perfect and the sandwiches are so good that it makes this little one want seconds. 
I like how the staff is a mix of family and local kids. It's how a neighborhood business should be: run by the neighborhood. They were also supposed to open another shop down by the piers but I'm hearing someone gave them a hard time because of their name...ain't America sweet.This would not be my first time coming to this establishment. I like the place but the service can be a little lite. The cheese steaks are really tender and juicy but in my opinion, could be more favored. The milkshakes are fantastic and there is variety. I would prefer "Max's cheese steaks" as my first choice,when it comes to steaks in Philadelphia! The service here at joe's need some work as I stated before. Mainly the speed and customer service aspect. For example, I asked for an glass of LEMON water and I received NO LEMON and I asked for more napkins and did not receive any until I was damn near done my meal. In conclusion, if your just looking for an quick meal for lunch or to hold you over during a road trip through philly then this place is for you.I actually never realized this place was there until a couple years back when there was that hoopla about its name being racist towards Chinese folks. My parents lived near Chink's and we thought it was hilarious (we're Chinese) and so we decided to show our support by getting some steaks there. Oh man it was awesome. The steaks were great (the best we had up 'til that point since my parents only recently moved to Philly) and the folks were real nice. So totally worth it!
THREE YEARS LATER: My dad still loves the place and goes there for lunch whenever he's in the area for work. Good job, people who campaigned against the name: you won Chink's a long term Chinese customer.My favorite cheesesteak! I've been going here since I was a kid definitely a must try. I recommend American with and a black & white milkshake.Joes is one of those places you don't just go for the food, but for the experience!
This location for Joes (They have one second location) is the local legend. They still have the same old seats, soda fountain bar, and in booth juke boxes (now for display only). They have all their old photos and awards on the walls, and have managed to keep that mom & pop feel simultaneously as a now hole-in-the-wall-feel. They have since updated to a TV on the wall, and sell t-shirts and hoodies with their logo proudly across the chest.
Around the neighborhood, everyone LOVES Joes. I've been living in the area for a few years now, and its novelty never seems to where off! They are famous for their Cheesesteaks & Shakes, but my absolute favorite are the buffalo chicken fries! This time of year, their Apple Pie Shake is to die for!
I would suggest this place to tourists, and those who are looking for a reasonably priced novelty experience. If the booths are too small here, or you don't like crowded spaces, I'd suggest checking out their new location in fishtown.Chink's makes the best of what Philadelphia is known for... Cheesesteaks. You here all about Pat's and Geno's but this little sandwich shop is the the underdog that wins in the end just like Rocky! No flashy neon here, just simple good food. 
Lets start with what's best their cheesesteaks, made to order so they're not sitting on a greasy flattop waiting for you to buy one. A fresh roll starts it off, then your cheese I prefer the whiz. And of course gotta go "wit" (fried onions) nothing better on a cheesesteak.
Next you always get some fries and no shock here they amazing. They are crisp no soggy fries at this joint.
Not only is this place a great sandwich place it's an old fashion soda fountain. They make hand made soda you want a vanilla cherry cola no problem, they take cola and add the vanilla and cherry syrup. Want an orange soda it's made to order. 
Their extra thick milkshakes take you back to the 1950's hand dipped and spun. And when I say thick, they are thick they put all other milkshakes to shame.
 Finally you gotta sit at the counter when you're there. You sit right in front of the soda fountain and its a nice time to get away from the rat race. Where else can you get a great quality cheesesteak and feel like you traveled back in time? Chink's Steaks that's where!4.5 Stars. Love Joes, for tourists wondering- this in my personal opinion is way better than Genos or Pats. I always get the chicken cheese steak and cheese fries. I can never finish because they are pretty big. I've also had the regular cheesesteak but I wasn't really a fan and preferred the chicken. I prefer the Torresdale location over the Girard location, although if you're hanging out in the Northern Lib area after a bar night, it's a great spot to grab a bite.If you want a great cheesesteak and Authentic milk shake, you'll LOVE Chink's!A bunch of my friends and my wife & I were in town from NY for a conference in North Philly. They wanted to have a cheese steak. While others in the group wanted to take the trek down to South Philly to Pat's & Geno's, I suggested Chink's since it wasn't too far from where we were staying (and I had been to both Pat's & Chink's). We split up and I went with another couple to Chink's.
Another reason is because it was a little chilly outside and where  Pat's & Geno's only have outside sidewalk tables, Chink's has indoor seating.
It is a small throwback eatery with several booths and a counter. The flattop grill is in the front window which you can watch them cook from the street.
Their steaks come sliced and they offer two sizes which is good if you can't eat a lot and don't want to spend a lot.
The steak and rolls were delicious. We ordered a Shamrock shake and learned what "Jimmie's" are.
If you want the hype then go to the other places. If you want to sit down and have a tasty steak that can hang with the best of them, some friendly characters and nostalgia then come here.
My choice for cheesesteaks anywhere north of the city.Drove from NYC in search of best cheesesteak. It was Memorial Day, so this one was the one location open from our list. The restaurant is cute, old and cozy. Service is great and staff is attentive. Now, the food: the shake was delicious and the fries were fresh and plentiful. We ordered a large one and shared it. It was enough. The sandwich itself ...hmm..mixed feelings. We each ordered small classic cheesesteak with provolone. The steak itself had no flavor. While the sandwich was fresh and a good size, we had to add some of the cheese we received with our fries, and peppers so we can get a decent sandwich. Overall, seems like wiz cheese cause is a better option as it adds the flavor that the steak desperately needs. Wouldn't make the drive again.Tried about a half dozen places in Philly.  Yuck!  The cheesesteak at Joe's is sliced and cooked perfectly.  It's tender and juicy. The onions are grilled to perfectiion.  My husband and I split a large with extra meat, half provolone and half Whiz.BEST damned cheesesteak we've EVER eaten!!!  The staff is friendly and awesome.  JUST GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!One of the three best cheese steaks in Phila and far closer to me than the others.Great steak shop! I'm holding off on a five star review because I thought the steak was too salty for my tastes but generally, my meal was very good. I got the lunch special of fries, milkshake and a cheesesteak. It was everything you want- no frills and grease.
I also really enjoyed the ambiance very much. It's a small vintage sandwich shop which was exactly what I wanted. I will certainly be back but maybe just ask for a steak that hasn't been salted yet.Some of my coworkers and I were in town for training and the president of our company had mentioned this place to try. Never in a million years would I have found this place by myself, so I was happy we were in a group. Very small, cozy feel to it and when I saw the sign for milkshakes, I was in heaven! I ordered the chicken philly with onions and the fries with a side of cheese. Oh, and a chocolate milkshake with real banana in it. Yep, happiest girl ever. The employees were so friendly and I'm sure they knew we were out of our element, but man, what a great place! I would make it a point to find it again.For the first time ever I was more than please with all that of customer service, AND my food. Everything was perfect! The staff was super nice and checked up on us all of the time but didn't overwhelm us. The food was GREAT. If you are in PHILLY & expecting an AMAZING cheesesteak, JOEs is your place. I hated cheesesteaks but I was in Philadelphia and I thought, "why nof?" I was so pleased. I will definitely revisit tomorrow before leaving Philly!!!!Best place in Philly to get a cheesesteak. Delicious, flavorful, well-cut meat. Place is old school and humble. No flashy lights BS. No long lines with 1 hour waits. No racist signs or d*ckhead workers. Nice set of women staff (as opposed to male-dominated staff at other joints). Good thing this place is away from downtown because it won't be hounded by tourists. Will always go here for my Philly cheesesteak fix.So much has been made over the name controversy of this place, I'm going to try a different slant in this review.
The only chink in the armor of this otherwise bulletproof northeast cheesesteak stalwart is its long distance from center city.  I remember taking a bus here once when it was rainy, cold and wet.   Back in the day, I could make such journeys, but now my whole body aches after a couple walks in miserable weather!  Normally, I wouldn't even think about making such a laborious journey, but I had only one thought that day:   go and have yourself a delicious concoction of melted cheese and succulent meat.
Having eaten nothing but a few Kraft singles and crackers all day, I was eagerly awaiting this meal.
But back to the review.   I was surprised after walking in the cold, and the wet to come across a small little place that was surprisingly spick and span.   There was a menu on the wall, and it described other types of sandwiches such as mushroom italian meatball cheesesteaks and other gobbledygook, but I was there for one thing and one thing only.   
When the sandwich came out, it was everything I was hoping it to be.    Warm, succulent, steaming hot and delicious.   They certainly weren't niggardly when it came to stuffing the perfectly crusty roll full of delicious meat, onions, and cheese product.
It was just the thing to get me through the day.The cheese steak was nice and juicy. They need to add more whiz to it. But it was delicious. Better then Pat's and Geno's!forget pat's, forget geno's, forget jim's -- this is the cheesesteak.
as for the offensive name, it's not common knowledge, but has been documented in newspaper articles of olde, that it is a nod to the founder's childhood / early adulthood nickname amongst all his peers. in naming his restaurant after the nickname he made the business personal and also acknowledged his neighborhood friends-for-life who know/knew him by that nickname.  you really can't fault him for that.
look past that and just go and enjoy a perfectly hand-crafted cheesesteak, fantastic fries, vanilla milkshake as you sit in a time capsule of a place that probably looks the same today as it did in the 50's.Cheese Wiz & grilled onions is the way to go! Love this place! Joe was there and hus team rocks!Before I review Chink's Steaks I need to correct the very first review on here by Alex P.  The current owner (Joe Groh) is not the grandson of the original owner (Sam "Chink" Sherman).  Joe used to work for Sam back in the day and eventually bought the place from him.
I'm 35 and didn't hear of Chink's until I was 25. My ex-girlfriend's dad introduced me to the best cheesesteak in Philly. My relationship with her may have gone south, but my relationship with Chink's has been a sweet romance with nothing but love. 
I became a regular in there. All the girls knew me (they are ALL good looking) and soon the owner, Joe, got to know me.  He got to know me so well, in fact, that he invited me to the Super Bowl party at his house when the Eagles were in it.  That was a sweet memory. 
That's the benefit of a small business: they know you and you know them. 
All that being said, Chink's is by far THE best place to have a cheesesteak. Located in a working class neighborhood, this is a far cry from a touristy joint. This is where the locals go. It's our secret. The cheesesteaks are great. The chocolate-banana shakes are great. What really makes this place the BEST, though, is the ambiance. The narrow booths. The old swivel stools at the counter. The jukebox. The "made in front of you" fountain sodas. Most important: the "made in front of you AND passers by" cheesesteaks. The steaks are literally made on a grill in the front window. No secrets here.
This place doesn't "feel" like an old malt shop. It IS an old malt shop. Sherman opened it in 1949. That's right, Chink's is 59 years old. How many restaurants can say that? 
All in all, if you want to relax after a hard day at work and enjoy some comfort food, Chink's is the place to be.
Mike Suermann JrThe food is good and the service is fanatic. The only draw back is the seating is a little tight.We walked in the door ten minutes before closing, the cheesesteaks were amazing as usual and the service was awesome!! Thanks for the great service and supporting the Thin Blue Line!!Best steak in Philly which makes it best steak in the world. Formerly known as Chinks, the meat, the bread, and the cheese are all above standards and make a top notch cheesesteak. Milkshakes are another gem this place has to offer. I urge you to avoid tourist trap places and head to Joe's.What an amazing place! We got the buffalo chicken w/grilled onions, a veggie sandwich, buffalo chicken fries, Philly cheese steak and vegan cheese steak. Everything was amazing all around and the portions were sizable even though we got the small sizes. We would highly recommend this place. For desert we got milkshakes and they were thick and delicious. Totally worth the 15-20mins it took us to find parking on a Sunday!Well, I haven't written a Yelp review in a while, but I ate here yesterday and had to give my two cents.  
Well, the first and foremost thing to be said is this: this was probably the best cheesesteak I've had in all my life.  It was absolutely delicious, perfect, heavenly.  Seriously, it was completely awesome.  A description won't do it justice - the bread was fresh, the meat and cheese and onions - you've got to try one.  Anyone who actually has a cheesesteak there on a good day will NOT be disappointed.  
That's why I'm giving this 5 stars.  The decor inside - it was dingy, it was a dive restaurant, that seemed to me to be a bit of the charm of the place.  
The name of the place... I don't really have an opinion on that - I'm not offended, but I'm not Asian - to anyone who is offended by it, I'm sorry and I respect that.  But, I would still recommend going there and trying a cheesesteak - the owner seemed very friendly, and the staff was professional and very cool - I don't think that anyone there would ever give anyone a problem because of their ethnicity.  It's not my place to advise anyone to just "get over" the name - if that's going to be a deal breaker as to whether or not to go to this place, then there's nothing I can do about it - but, with my restaurant reviewing reputation on the line, I can say with no reservations - it's a damn good cheesesteak.This little hole full of heaven is my go to spot for A cheesesteak..... PERIOD. I will travel from anywhere to enjoy their heavenly rolls, abundantly filled with prime steak and generous slathers of Whiz. WIth extremely helpful staff offering nothing but sweet honesty, you can tell they enjoy the customers as much as the customers are enjoying their sandwiches. I also love their homemade sodas and milkshakes. I favor their Vanilla Malt, which racks up a grand total of how many rich and worth it calories. mmmmmm, im getting hungry just writing this review.Since moving to the Philly area, I've been working hard at hitting all the cheesesteak shops in town-this place is tiny and has a really cute 1940's/50's feel, with an old soda fountain counter and just a few tables. You can tell that the bread is nice and fresh and the chocolate/strawberry milkshake was rediculous. There are no crazy lines or weird ordering vernacular and all the waitresses are not only cute, but really nice too. I'll be bringing my father-in-law here when he is in town, this is a neighborhood gem.Great milkshakes.Cheese steaks are some of the closest to what I grew up on in the 70s and 80s.Juicy not dry, American cheese melted on the steak while it cooks.Also like that you can put as much of the condiments you like on yourself.Could use more seating.Bottom Line-Best Steak in Philly!
I grew up eating these steaks since I could eat solid food. I remember the original owner "Chink" who would yell, scream and curse all during lunch but everyone loved him! The current owner Joe, worked for Chink and the menu hasn't skipped a beat. He's added chicken and french fries which until I tried I thought was sacrilegious to mess with perfection (the original menu) 
I've brought friends from the suburbs and different countries when visiting to try Chinks and sit down in the 1950's style booths and have a "meal in itself"- a thick shake and steak.
Top quality PIECES/SLICES of steak not chopped up and each steak made to order is the difference! 
Other pluses- 
Sundaes, milkshakes, malts or chocolate sodas. The pickles are real crunchy and not thin sliced cucumbers pretending to be pickles. 5 minutes over the Tacony Palmyra Bridge from NJ.Don't judge a book by its cover (or its location).  We did a drive by with family and not being from the area opted for another location.  2nd time was a charm.  Authentic cheese steak, cheese fries, and hand made cherry-coke was awesome.  If you are looking for a memorable meal in a cafe that teleports you back to the days when Rocky was training in philly or you just feel safer leaving your car long enough to get takeout, make the trip to Joes.Best place in Philly! Staff was young and very immature joking around and dancing which was annoying to watch as your trying to eat. Besides the staff the food was amazzzzziiiiinnnnnnggggg!Been here a few times. Food is always good and so is the service. The cheesesteaks are a decent, better than most of the mom and pop shops in the area.....And definitely better than Pats or Geno's.  I always get a mint chocolate chip cone too! Definitely would recommend it!Thanks again Yelp. Old school steak sandwich. Fun help. Great food. 
Small place with excellent food.I've tried every popular cheese steak place in Philly, and hands down Chinks is superior to all of them. Since they make your steak in the order it was ordered, I suggest calling 20 minutes in advance on Saturdays when I've seen it get extremely busy. 
It's not a very large place, but on those not-so-busy-days grab a booth and enjoy your steak fresh off the grill in a place that still looks like a 1955 cut-away. Also, try their cherry coke. They make it the old fashioned way of adding the cherry flavor right there.First, there is nothing racist about this place. Everyone one that works there treats you with respect and great service. If you don't like the name get over it. Take your P/C self somewhere else. 
Having said that the cheesteaks here are the best in the city. The steaks are made with sliced meat not the chopped minute steak. Get one with fried onions and be sure to order a milkshake. The milkshakes are awesome and they give you the whole tin. 
The only down side you will spend the day smelling like a chessesteak, which is not a big deal...unless you are in a room full of wild bears.This is the first time a cheesesteak has lived up to the hype for me. The meat was juicy, *gasp* flavorful, and deliciously intermingled with a pile of gooey American cheese. Perfectly sauteed onions, a warm crusty roll and a thick, rich chocolate malt to wash it all down with were the icing on the cake. And ambiance to boot! I never imagined that my favorite cheesesteak would be from somewhere that I would actually enjoy sitting down to eat in. Incredible food, great service, cute neighborhood place. Everything just comes together perfectly here. It's easy to see how they've been in business for over 50 years.
Word of warning: As of this review, the hours posted on their website are outdated. They are actually only open until 7PM on Monday & Tuesday. I found this out the hard way when I rolled up at 7:10 on Monday only to find a half-closed door grate between me and the hot meaty casual encounter I so craved. The front window gave me an eyeful of the steaks they were grilling up for the lucky patrons who remained inside, which is an incredibly perverse form of torment that I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.Just like other yelpers said, don't let the neighborhood scare you off. This was such a good find!  Good steak, excellent milkshakes and great service. We had one with whiz and one with provolone and trust me...whiz is the way to go!My boyfriend and I were taking a road trip from Miami to New Jersey and knew we had to make a stop in Philly to try a real Philly Cheesesteak for the first time. We wanted a place right off the main road and I had done my research and narrowed it down to Chinks and 2 others. Well I decided on Chinks and man oh man did I make an excellent choice! Not only is Chinks on many of Phillys best cheesesteak lists, but it's a real local joint. It's not in a touristy high traffic area. It seems to be a nice little neighborhood joint. We got a lucky parking spot out front and went in. It smelled of heaven. It's a small place with booths on one side and the kitchen on the other. The menu is plain and simple, nothing complex, just good authentic cheesesteaks. We both got a classic philly with wiz. I bit into that sandwich and pictures of rainbows and unicorns danced in my head. The ooey gooey cheesey goodness brought me to a state of nirvana that no other sandwich has done. The meat chopped nice and thin, the onions were perfectly caramelized, the bun was soft and warm and the cheese was the glue that brought this fine piece of culinary perfection together. I may not be a Philly local, but I know I made the right choice when I choose Chinks and judging by other reviews here, I think there are some Philly locals that would agree with me. I know I could have chosen Pats or Genos or any other place you see on food network, but I find that sometimes the more famous a place is, the more it doesn't live up to its hype. I wanted a place off the tourist beaten trail. A place the real Philly locals go to for their cheesesteak fix and Chinks is one of those places.This place is so cool. The cheesesteak itself is just a small notch under Dalessandro's, Cosmi's, Gooey Looie's and John's in my opinion, but it has some other things that those places don't to make up for it. 
The one thing that underwhelmed was the soda, I got a grape soda float and my uncle got an orange soda and if I'm being honest they were kind of bland, but it was still cool to get some homemade soda made to-order. We also got the buffalo chicken fries, which were completely amazing. The steak was really really good, the meat had a soft velvety texture that I really liked and was unlike any other I've ever had on a cheesesteak. I was afraid to get my usual American cheese because it probably would have had a hard time covering the larger slices of meat, but I like wiz too so no big deal. 
The two things that really set Joe's apart for me were the atmosphere and the option for a smaller sandwich. As much as I love the authentic Philly cheesesteak experience of waiting in line and getting yelled at, then trying to find a place to sit outside, it was nice to sit down and get a nice waitress for once. I also really like the old school diner vibe. Also, I love that cheesesteaks in Philly are so giant, but sometimes that makes it so I can't really try places' fries and other food because the steak fills you up so much, and there's no way I'm wasting a good cheesesteak. Joe's offers a smaller size so I got to enjoy the buffalo chicken fries. This was one of the only times I got to do that out of the 10 steak joints I've tried so far.
Overall going to Joe's was one of my favorite experiences I've had in the 7 or 8 times I've been to Philly.
My current rankings:
1. Dalessandro's 
2. John's Roast Pork
3. Gooey Looie's
4. Cosmi's Deli
5. Joe's Steak & Soda Shop
6. Ishkabibble's
7. Chubby's Steaks
8. Jim's Steaks South Street
9. Pat's King of Steaks
10. Geno's SteaksSteak was good, bread was soft. Would definitely order double meat.  French fries were a tad overcooked, but the cheese was good. 
The place needs updating. The chairs were a bit uncomfortable. There were some flies around.  Definitely not a first date type of place.Chink's is AWESOME. They easily hold a place in my top three cheesesteak spots in the city. The sandwich is a nice size with plenty of cheese and meat on a fresh baked roll. What else can you ask for? Milkshakes are great too! And the girls aren't half bad to look at either. Chink's is also very easy to get to from NJ, as it is located right off of the Tacomy Palmyra Bridge. I recently heard that they now have fries. Looks like I will be back soon!I think you will be hard pressed to find a better cheesesteak.  I have had all of the great cheesesteaks: Steve's, Jim's, John's Roast Pork, Dalesandro's, Pudge's but Chink's is without question the best.  The girls that work there are as nice as can be and the ambiance there is truly original (as in, it hasn't changed for over 50 years.)  
Once you eat here, you will find yourself contemplating how you ever ate any other cheesesteak.... It is literally a mind altering experience if you enjoy cheesesteaks!Been here many times and finally got around to writing this review.  You want the best, come to Chink's Steaks.
Great staff (and cute, to boot :)), great prices, no crappy chopped meat, this place is just what you need in a cheesesteak.  No frills, just filling your stomach to satisfaction!
Go with the American cheese...F Whiz.  Go with the fried onions.  Go with the free pickles in the bowl.  You won't be disappointed.  You will come back!
Bonus!  Check in with Yelp gets you 10% off!  Yippee!Although I'm not from Philly, I've eaten enough of these from enough places to know mediocre from great.  Pat's, Genos = mediocre where D'allesandros and Chinks = great.  My personal favorite is here at Chinks.  They take a little more care with the sandwich at Chinks; it's not falling all over the place because it's sliced as opposed to chopped to tiny pieces (like Jim/Dallesandros etc)   
It's nice that you can actually sit down, and they are nice when serving you.   I didn't find it hard to find - GET A GPS!!  LOL  
Note that they have 2 sizes which is cool too.  My wife can't/won't eat the large....   I love Chinks steaks!!Don't judge a book by its cover....  Pulled up to Joe's, the wife pleaded for me to not leave her and my son in the car alone....  I told her to "lock the door and keep the engine idling, daddy needs Cheese-steak!" 
First time coming, ordered for pick up, ran in, greeted kindly by the staff behind the counter, in and out in no time..... I ordered the 12" cheese steak with wiz, onions, mushrooms and banana peppers figuring I would eat half while driving, and the other half when I got home to NY...  Funny how I kid myself.  Before even pulling the car out of park, I opened up that bad boy and took the first bite; blinked and the entire sandwich was gone, just like that.  I contemplated going back inside to order one for home, but didn't want to ruin my dreams over the next few months until I come back.
Perfect proportion of meet, cheese, and accouterments.  Sandwich was Dynamite, definitely would recommend.Shhhhhh!!  I'm about to tell you a highly classified secret.  Can you keep it?  You promise?  Yeah?  Okay... here it is.  
*whispers* Chinks makes THE BEST cheesesteak in Philly.  Hands down.
Pat, Geno, Jim, Steve, Chickie, Pete, Tony, Luke... none of them can hold a candle to Chinks.
Chinks is this tiny, hole-in-the-wall, dive-y place in Tacony.  Yeah... that's right.  NE Philly.  Just locals.  With small booths, and tight seating at the counter.  The menu is posted up on the wall in really big letters, like they were painted on there by hand.  They keep it simple, as a cheesesteak should be.  The fries are pretty good, too.  I always ask for hot peppers.  
The waitresses are really sweet and friendly.  And they make an awesome milkshake from real ice cream and real ingredients.  Each week, they have a different special flavor.
Remember... this is our little secret.  Because we don't want this becoming a tourist trap now, do we?I came here again yesterday and thought that I should reiterate just how awesome Chinks really is. For one, their cheesesteaks are super savory. There is the perfect ratio of meat and cheese on a delicious roll. The fries, which are the krinkle kind, are also very good. Service is also a plus, which is a rare feat when it comes to Philly cheesesteaks. Best of all....we received 10% off our total order because I checked in via Yelp. Don't go to Northeast Philly without going to Chinks!I really don't care what they name the place (I LOVE THE NAME!) --- if it's good, I'm eating it! The steaks were freakin good! One way, only American Cheese though. It's ok though, the thick banana milkshake made up for it - done and done. ----At the top of my list.  Well worth the trip across the Tacony from the Jersey side.  It's a safe bet recommending Chink's, try one and you will be going back again and again.My wife is from northeast Philly and told me Chinks ( recently renamed Joes) was the place in Philadelphia for the best Cheese steaks. She was right, of course, and now we always stop during our annual visit for the Army-Navy football game....and more often when we can come up from Maryland. The fresh steaks made to order and the awesome milkshakes are wonderful. The serving staff is the best and we are always made to feel welcome. So...avoid the tourist traps and take the extra few minutes to get the best Philly cheese steak in Philadelphia at Joes.The THICK shakes are RIDICULOUSLY DELICIOUS! I got chocolate & almost finished it before I got home; it was so good, I couldn't stop! 8-D. 
I am a fry connoisseur & these fries are crinkly & delish! 
The steaks are fresh & very yummy! I personally enjoy Ishkabibbles a bit better, but I can't deny the cut of the steak and the delicious toasted rolls!
I'm glad I stopped in! Wednesdays large cheesesteaks are only $6.Our family vacation brought us to Joe's for some delicious cheese steaks. We love our authentic philly hoagies, the nice service, clean restroom, and 1950's charm.Used to be chinks now Joe's but still the best cheese steaks in Philly! Deliciously seasoned meat, great bread, and weather you like wiz, American, or both its always on point. The place is usually packed but the wait is never bad.Hands down number 1 place for a cheesesteak. Don't have a clue what the rave is about Pats and Geno's. Joes is the real deal and their not racist scumbags like those guys in South Philly. My pregnant fiance and I sat at the bar and got A1 service. I wish they would get the buzz the deserve. Them south philly guys are taking everyone for a ride.In my opinion, best cheesesteaks in philly!!! Not only are the cheesesteaks great but everything else I've had there is too. Super good choice for a quick cheesesteak break!Best cheese steak I've found so far.  Great roll and the  meat is chopped to the perfect size (not steak ums  and not ground beef like).  Part of the 5 star rating is the actual restaurant itself, completely lost in time.  It's not kitschy 50's or anything like that, just some hand painted signs, good food, and servers that are to the point without coming across like you're lucky to be eating at their establishment.  Besides the cheese steak being excellent, you'll have to get a cherry Coke, the king where the pour the coke and add cherry syrup, freaking great.  
The last time I ate there I bit the bullet and ordered an Egg Cream, not my favorite for sure.  It always intrigued me so I thought it was worth a shot.  It's comprised of chocolate syrup, seltzer, and what I think is frothed milk on top  It sounds bad but I thought it could be one of those food items where the parts all add up to greatness.  They don't.  Having said that it's not Chinks fault that the throw back drink is weird and makes me question my parents generation.
Great place, go.The steak itself is great.  Maybe the best is the city.  But the owner who cooks at the window never welcomes you when you enter, never says hello, never talks to you or makes you feel welcome.  I've been there over 25 times and it's the same story with the unfriendliness.  I thought customer service was suppose to be number one.  I won't be going back, that's for sure.This place will always be "Chink's" to me. The BEST cheesesteak in the world. Staff is courteous and friendly. Not the best of neighborhoods but parking isn't difficult to find. I've been going here all of my life. You have a choice to sit at the counter or booth. Joe's has a nostalgic feel to it. It's like going back to the 40's when you walk in there. Everything is made fresh to order. (Nothing sits on the grill) The portions are large, and I guarantee you won't leave hungry. I recommend an "american wit". Great milkshakes as well. They use Turkey Hill Ice Cream for them! If you want the definition of the "perfect" cheesesteak, look no further than Joe's  (Chink's)!Since moving to philly a few years ago, Ive tried my share of cheesesteaks ... this place is by far the best!  It's fresh, the roll is deliciousIts cute, clean and good. Slow for not being busy, and the meat needs a little more seasoning but salt and pepper fixes that. Bread is amazing.I have always been a fan of these steaks but the steaks are skimpy for the price. They need to add more meat to the sandwich. The roll swallowed the meat! They whack you with the prices too.Cheese steak was cold, dry and bland. Also, too many flies while trying to eat. I do not understand the hype about this old place. So disappointedThis is a favorite spot for my daughter and I.  Old fashioned cheesesteak and milkshake shop. Great service.  Love the cherry sodas too.  We tried the apple pie and red velvet cake milk shakes.  Both had an actual piece of the pie and cake in the shakes.  The cheesesteaks are the most amazing part.  Fresh crusty rolls, tasty grilled onions and tender beef slices.  The whiz is rich, thick and hot.  This is a special place.This place is phenomenal! I ordered a hot sausage sandwich with added mushrooms, American cheese and onions. I also had a side of small fries. The sandwich was amazing! The meat was seasoned very well, the toppings were plentiful. The place is so cute, they have a great menu and from my experience they take pride in what they offer. The milkshakes have real ice cream in them, not powder. They also offer egg creams, the old-fashionable feel is a cute little thrill, and a soda fountain. You can also see them make the sandwich/steaks right in front of you which helps out people with OCD like me. Ha! It's a petite place on Torresdale and as far as steaks, it takes the cake!Aside from the unfortunate name, this place makes a pretty damn good cheesesteak. The bread is nice and fresh, the meat is juicy and tender while the onions are caramelized to perfection. Definitely the best in the North and probably gives John's Roast Pork down south a run for the money as tops in the city in my book. 
The fries are solid, the ladies on the counter are sweet, and parking might be a lil bitch depending on the time of day but definitely a solid experience overall.Best cheesesteak in the city hands down. I say this as someone who tried the meat option before I became a vegetarian and as someone who has tried their vegan friendly version. Both are delicious. Their black bean burger is one of my favorites in Philadelphia. Their egg cream is delicious. Shakes are delicious. Fries are delicious. I haven't been in too long and need to make a trip back.A had my share of cheese steak at all the talk about places in Philly . I order a American wit . Bread was light and toasty . Steak was a bit dry , but very flavorful ! So I rank this place middle of the road . 1 cheese steak and a milk shake $11 .We're from L.A., so I really researched where I wanted to go for my first Philly cheesesteak sandwich actually IN Philly. Yelp reviews led me to Chink's (thanks guys!) and we were not disappointed. That was the best sandwich I've had in a long time. The cheese/meat/onions were all proportionate and the bread was just right- soft but dense. The shakes aren't half bad either. The chocolate was rich and creamy. All in all, Chink's is a must anytime you are in Philadelphia.Best cheese steak in philly! Why are they the best? 
1. They aren't a tourist trap. So it pains me to advertise this place in any way. 
2. They aren't pricks like Pat's and Geno's. The girls are REALLY nice here, they understand costumer service.  
3. The SANDWICH is simply the best all around!  They also make other great sandwiches.
4. The place is really cool. Straight out of the 1950's. 
NOTE: The steaks are made to order. I know this is America, the land of fast fast fast shitty chemical food.  But order ahead it's worth it!When visiting family in Mayfair, this is one of our go-to places to eat.  It's small, it's no frills and it's easily one of my top 5, strike that, one of my top 3 favorite philly cheesesteaks.  I've eaten at countless places like this over the years and Joe's/Chinks is worth the trip.  The girls working the counter and tables are terrific and so are the milkshakes.  Highly recommend.I came here a couple of nights ago for a quick bite before setting off an a long voyage to Toronto (by car). I had a cheesesteak with provolone, which was good, if a bit dry (I know, it's steak, but still). The steak was a bit tough, but the bread was great and I would consider it a solid 3.5/5. The fries, on the other hand, were divine. Waffle fries...mmmm....5/5 for those fries! The service was good, and the food came out quickly. And their washrooms are clean, so bonus points for that!AMAZING!!! Milkshake flavors of the day...Santa's Cookies & Chocolate Covered Candy Cane. These milkshakes could totally bring the boys to the yard!!  Best Cheese Steak We've ever had! Great food, Super friendly and helpful staff. Steak was tender, bread was soft, whiz was wonderful.... You absolutely must try this place. So if your ever in Philly just chillin out, maxin, relaxin all cool then Joe's is the place for you!!!I love going to Chink's to get a cheesesteak. They perfectly execute their cheesesteaks. It reminds me of cheesesteaks that could be made at home, except I could never, ever make one this good. The roll is crunch, steak is juicy and the cheese (I recommend American as their Wiz is super messy) is melted just right.
Then we have the Triple Thick Shakes. Amazing. It's like someone walked out of Grease/Happy Days and handed you a shake. It's a throwback that's for sure and well worth the price.
Lastly, the wait staff. Attractive young ladies serving you the finest cheesesteaks in the city, just adds another layer of awesome sauce.By far, the best cheesesteak I've ever had. Tried out a few of the cheesesteak places in Philly in the last 10 plus years and this is the BEST. Nowadays, I take my friends to chink's whenever they want a cheesesteak. I don't even bother with anyone else. It's a bit of a drive off i95, but it's well worth it.  Other stuffs are good too.  I had their fries and milkshake which are very good. Sandwich wise I only had the cheesesteak, cuz why mess with perfection. I'm happy and content choking down a lg cheesesteak with American cheese and onionI love this place!! My husband and I drive from DC area to come here a couple times a year!!! I love the food. Have dreams about the cheesesteaks!! Love the fries and cheese. Love the milk shakes!! Love everything. The waitresses are great! It's worth the 2 hour drive to get here!!Been to Joe's twice now since the name change, and this last time I was pretty disappointed. Hope this isn't going to be the trend, the cheesesteaks felt a little lighter, less meat, too much bread at the end of the rolls.From New York in Philly for the day, I had to stop in after finding this gem on Yelp... So let's get this review started.  Starting off with the milkshakes, just what the doctor ordered, soooo delicious  secondly was the Cheese Steak... All I can say is it was mouth watering...  The Buffalo Chicken fries were spicy and delicious.  Great Job guys!!!My family has been going to "Joes" since before I was born. It's where we go when my family comes in from all over. I love this place. The girls are always so nice and attentive. The cheese steaks are the best out of anywhere. You can't get cheese steaks this good any where else. And their shakes are the best! I hope that Joes always stays in business!I love you Chinks!!!! Why did you change your name?!?! The Cheese steaks are amazing! Fries are made just right. But the milkshakes stand out above Any other!!! They try all kinds of different flavors besides your regular choc vanilla and straw. They had cinnamon toast crunch and my favorite..... Irish potatoe flavored. They were soo good!! Made just right. Not gross or too sweet. I love how they switch up with the seasons or holidays. So trendy. I love this place. I'm heard that they're expanding down to fishtown too. The only bad thing is the street. Torresdale ave is the dumps. Get there around rush hour for dinner take out because when it gets dark out, it gets sketchy around there.Last time I was there it was chinks. Great sandwiches and milkshakes heading there tomorrowIn my food explorations I tend to keep an open mind, thinking that there could be better somewhere out there. Rare is the occasion in which all the pieces fall into place, the heavens open up, a mighty beam of light shines down, and a choir accompanied voice says, "This is the one". 
Today, I ate "The One".  (wipes solo man-tear from eye) 
The girls are great.
The food is great.
The vibe is great.
You want ok, go elsewhere. You want great, go to Chink's. I do.I saw the yelp reviews and I was sold. We ordered more than a $100 dollars worth of food through Ubereats. We came from out of town to try Philly steaks and the ordered was cancelled. I ordered and called to make a minor correction. An hour and 15 minutes later I get an Uber notification that my order was cancelled. We had a big crowd of friends and this was a huge disappointment. I called and was told that the Uber driver took the food! I received a quick I'm sorry and our other location is open, you can order there. Unfortunately, we did not receive brotherly love!The family and I were looking for the best cheese steaks. Heard about Joe's (Chinks) and had to check it out. So glad we did bc OMG!!  The steaks were juicy and fresh and the milkshakes were awesome too!  It has become our favorite cheese steak place. Definitely well worth the drive and crossing the bridge for!!  I'd give it more then 5 stars if I could. Yummy!!!Had a large cheesesteak today.  Absolutely delicious. Found the place on Yelp. Had to try one while in the Philly area.  I would very much
recommend.Great cheesesteak. Great Shakes. Well worth the calories.
Changing their name. I'm now looking forward to Godfather's Pizza andTony Soprano's changing their names too.Ahh... Chink's... as an Asian, I don't know how to feel about the old name, or the new name, but I do know how I feel about the food. 
The cheesesteak? Great, best in the area think. Who's Steve? What does he serve? Because Joe's chops their meat, as opposed to slicing it into strips, they risk serving dried out beef, afterall, it comes with the territory of chopping up a protein like that. Which is why I tend to always prefer sliced over chopped meat, but Joe's was a rare exception where the meat was still juicy, I literally saw that delightly brownish hue soaking into the warm embrace of my hoagie that had surrounded it... The density of the bread was the perfect accoutrement to the juicy joy that filled it, providing me a bread with chew, but not resistance, it just flirts with you, before going on a date in your digestive system with you. (No more metaphors...)
Don't get the fries. Just get another cheesesteak with that money. They're not bad, but they're not good, they're just... meh. 
I had a delightful vanilla milkshake with a banana, and while my milkshake was thick, creamy, rich, and delightful, my one gripe was the banana. Now, don't get me wrong, the banana was a great addition, but it needed more time being incorporated into the milkshake. Instead of having a vanilla-milkshake with banana in it. I had vanilla-milkshake with banana chunks in it. I'd be happily sipping my milkshake when suddenly my straw would clog with a banana piece. Seriously, this is such a small thing, but really took away from the milkshake. But the milkshake is still great, get it, just don't get the banana, unless you make sure it's properly incorporated. 
All in all, I give Chink's (I can say it, I'm Asian), aka Joe's (I can say it, I'm American and I speak English), gets a 4 stars. 
I should note that the staff is absolutely lovely, hospitable, and fantastic overall!I love chinks steaks,  i will always call it by it's true name.
The steaks and shakes are so good,  and the shake of the month is always a big hit.I lived near Chink's for awhile now and I decided to stop in to check it out. I really dug the inside of the place. It kind of looked like an old diner complete with the little juke boxes at the tables. I ordered a steak with extra meat and they had a deal that day for a shake included with it. The service there was top notch. The girls behind the counter were very friendly. Easily the best and friendliest service I've ever had at a cheese steak place in the city. I took my steak to go and enjoyed it back at my place. The cheese steak was delicious. I ordered extra meat and man they piled it on. Chink's is definitely my go to place for cheese steaks and the place I'll recommend to everyone!Joes is the most delicious hand cut cheese steak I've eaten in philly. . Nice clean friendly steak spot with fresh crispy bread and non greasy steak. What is the only negative thing I can say is they don't give enough meat. You have to order double meat and they charge for all extra toppings mushrooms peppers cheese etc.I kind of call myself a cheesesteak aficianado and have had my fair share of the philly sandwich. I came here with an open mind and high hopes. The cooks and waitresses were very nice on the eyes. The milkshake was amazing, however when it came to my cheesesteak they fell short. I ordered the standard cheesesteak with american. I didn't want to stray from tradition and order wiz. The sandwich had no flavor, the texture was good however I didn't taste a thing not even the American cheese. There are a lot of people who have written good things about "Chinks" so make your own opinion about it and read other reviews.Great experience, good service and best cheesesteak sandwich! Located northeast Philly, Priced right too, recommend going to this place!Chink's is my favorite cheesesteak joint, and I think that everything about this place is perfect.  They've been in business at this location for about 60 years, and the interior is a lunch counter/soda fountain setup that reminds me of places that I liked when I was a little kid.  I love the cheesesteaks here, and I also really like the chocolate shakes.We've driven by many times, always saying that we've got to try it. Often, it is so busy that we just keep going. But it is often so busy because it is so good. My picky 9 year old son declared it a great place--ridiculously good and reasonable kids meal for the non-cheesesteak eater. For me, wanting a great cheesesteak and often being so disappointed--this was a great one. Loved the steaks, fries and sodas. Too full for ice cream or shakes, but they looked good too. Reasonable prices. Attentive and friendly servers. If you are looking for the authentic Philly cheesesteak experience, you can get it here. We'll be back soon enough.From NYC now living in Orlando. Philly Cheese Steaks are a must. But I wanted an authentic real Philadelphia cheese steak sandwich. When I found this place the reviews didn't lie. 
On top of great reviews it has +Soda Shop on its name. Woof!!!
I had a large steak with onions and whiz. 
Small order of fries. &
An ice cream soda, vanilla ice cream and cherry coke. 
This was my lunch. 
Dang it was delicious.Best place to come and get a awesome steak and shake beats a lot of other places around here highly recommendedI love their cheese steaks! They are so good! I've been coming here since I was a kid. They also have hot dogs and hamburgers.They have a special on Wednesday $6 for a large ch steak. They have flavored sodas, milkshakes and root beer floats also. I believe they make ice cream sundaes but I'm not sure. If you want a great cheese steak come here, you won't be disappointed!Best cheesesteak in the city.  Nuff said.
But, since I always say more than enough, here's more. Chinks is a great little place. It looks like it hasn't been changed or updated in about 50 years. Some might call this dingy. I call it charming. The booths are tiny, so if you're a big person (like me) you might opt for takeout instead of eating in.
Chinks is a place where they still do things the old fashioned way. The food is excellent, and service is always with a smile. If you want a good cheesesteak, forget the tourist traps like Pat's and Geno's. Go to Chinks and ask for mushrooms. They're fabulous!After reading much reviews about this place, I decided to give it a try. The overall layout of the place is very old school. I tried their whiz wit, cheese fries and vanilla milkshake. The cheesesteak came out with a bunch of caramelized onions and cheese oozing out of the sandwich. The bread is soft but holds the sandwich together, the steak is tender but a little bland, the cheese whiz is magical and the caramelized onions were sweet and tender. I ordered small fries which came extremely skimpy on the amount. The vanilla milkshake was great because they used vanilla bean but it was a bit icy. Still Steve's is yet to beat.Please tell me if there is a place better than Chinks!!   I wish I could give it 6 starsChink's is the bomb. Great steaks and milkshakes. Pricey, but worth it. No, I will never call it Joe's...Was in Philadelphia from CA and my uncle who grew up here told me I had to come try this place, I loved it! Didnt really think much of cheese steaks until I came here. They really are different back here than the crap they sell you as a cheese steak in California. Came here a few times well I was out, will definitely be back if I make it out this way.
PS to the vegetarian review, it's a cheese steak place don't expect them to cater to you.When I want a REAL cheese steak I go to Joe's. And I make the drive from Delaware several times per year. I dream about Joe's cheese steak with whiz and fried onions, cheese fries, and a milk shake or cherry coke. We often make excuses to be near Philly just to have an excuse to go to Joes. 
Their fried onions are actually fried and crunchy and not a soggy mess. 
I don't care what name they use. A perfect cheese steak is a rare treat.I had my very first cheesesteak ever at Chink's, and it was fantastic. Chink's was recommended by a couple of my husband's co-workers so we made the long trek to the restaurant; driving from Delaware to NJ to catch the train to downtown PA; then catching the El train from downtown to the Erie-Torresdale stop.  We weren't familiar with the transit routes so we walked from the El station to the restaurant - many, many blocks up Torresdale (which isn't exactly a scenic route for tourists) - and finally arrived a little after noon.  
The restaurant is small so we had a short wait for a table.  There's a short counter which seats about 6 people.  The cheesesteaks are cooked on a grill right next to the front window so you can watch the preparation from the sidewalk outside.  All the workers are 20-something ladies and service was quick and friendly.
The menu has several different sandwich items, but we were only interested in having cheesesteaks.  I got the small and my husband ordered the large.  The sandwich was delicious - a nice roll, not too hard or too soft, encasing sliced meat with sauteed onions and topped with melted white cheese (I think it's provolone).  Perfection!  It was just the right amount of food for me after a long journey to savor my first cheesesteak sandwich.  Definitely worth the trip!Chink's makes one of the top two or three cheesesteaks in the world.  This is the result of quality ingredients and taking pride in the work you do.  The place is a dive, yes, but the service is great.  Make sure to try the milkshakes.
As for the name, get over it.  It is the guy's nickname.  Everyone seems to want in on the victimization racket nowadays.  I can assure you, if you are white or black, and you venture into a store in Chinatown, you will have far worse insults hurled at you- in Chinese, of course.One of the best chocolate/banana milkshakes I've ever had!
Cheesesteaks were made to order and piled high with meat. 
Location is a lot better than going downtown for a cheesesteak!Went here yesterday, for the last steak under the Chink's moniker... Tomorrow they open up as Joe's Steaks... Let's face it they could name this place anything and it would still be heaven on earth in the cheesesteak realm... Long Live Joe!The best cheesesteak in Philly, and since Philly is the authority maybe the best in the world!Traveled through philly and wanted a cheese steak. Randomly found this place. Was treated to amazing cheesesteak and very nice staff that welcomed us in. 10/10 would drive 3 hours to eat here againA little bit of fantastic & alot of fabulous...simply FANTABULOUS.....not expensive+really good+fast service+nice ppl.....
U should try the milkshake.....amazing...Great steaks and French fries! Much better than the location at Girard and Frankford. Brianna is awesome!I've tried many cheese steak sandwiches,but this here is taking Philly cheese steaks to another level of greatness. I can't wait to go backI must say Joe's steak is a good place to get a philly cheese steak. They use real sirloin steak. They cook to order. This was my family first time to Joe's steak and we all enjoyed our philly cheese steak.this place makes the best cheese steak in Philly. It used to be called "Chinks" and has been open since 1949. Just be warned, there's no public bathroom (it is older than the law that they should have one).For lunch last weeks, I went on a mini quest to find a good cheese steak from where I attend school. 
I ordered a small cheese steak. It was almost 6 bucks, if I can remember correctly. I don't like eating in my car, so I took the ten minute trek back to class. 
The steak was lukewarm when I got back. I took a bite out of it and realized that I had to reheat in the microwave. Before I reheated the steak, the bread was chewy. So minus for that. Plus, the roll was pretty small in comparison to other shops I've eaten from. Another star knocked out. The folks in there were friendly, too. Pretty important during these times.  
But, I'll wrap it up. It was aiight. I'll find another spot to get a steak. I wasn't impressed, but I'll give them a second chance.Haven't been to Philadelphia in over thirty years so getting a Philly cheesesteak was mandatory. All the sandwiches and shakes were great. A few things were ordered but slightly incorrect otherwise it was fantastic. I got the chicken philly and the mint chocolate chip shake. Now I'm ready for a nap.Not only one of the best spots in the great Northeast, but one of the best places in the entire city.  In addition to it's famed cheesesteak, Joe's serves up a delicious order of political correctness.  But I'm not worried about offending anyone since it'll always be Chink's to me!   Chink's is one of the older joints in the city (since 1949) and you can sense that when you're eating inside.  It features old fashioned counter seating which gives it a nice nostalgic feel. 
One thing that sets Chink's apart is it's throwback to the soda shop.  It has a few unique flavors and gives a nice history lesson to the younger generation.  
Now onto the main reason I came here.  I got my usual whiz wit (with onions for you non-Philadelphians).  The steak was on the longer side than other places and although some of the steak didn't fill out with roll, it could be overlooked since there was still a good amount overall because of the roll's size.  The roll was perfect as any top spot should be.  The steak itself was delicious and not too greasy.  The onions on it were almost seemed carefully placed throughout the sandwich so you can get efficient taste distribution.  Lastly, the whiz was generously lathered on the roll as well as on top of the steak and certainly did not leave me wanting more.  
I also had a side of their small fries and while it wasn't a big portion, I was ok with it since I was quite full from the steak.  The crinkle cut fries seemed like they were lightly seasoned and were fried to a nice golden brown.  They were probably one of the better tasting fries I've had at a cheesesteak joint.  Lastly, I had a chocolate milkshake to go since this place is well known for their shakes too.  Make sure you try one when you're here-- it's a must.Just stopped in for a cheesesteak (Lg) and a Coke ($10.50). Roll good, meat tasty. I would order extra meat, as they don't put a lot on the sandwich. Way better than Pat's and Geno's. Good sandwich; however, D'Alessandros is way better! I would stop in again if I were in the area.Best cheesesteak in Philly. Nice staff, very clean inside, awesome flavored sodas. Get the crinkle cut fries too.I've been going to Joe's for 15 years.  I even live near Pat's and Geno's and refuse to take anyone who visits Philadelphia to either of those places!  Instead, I take them to Joe's so they can enjoy great service and one of, if not THE best Cheesesteak in the city.  The bread is slightly toasted, the meat is from a higher quality cut, and the sandwich is huge!  The milkshakes are heaven and the servers are all cute.  What's not to love about this place?  It's got a fabulous old world luncheonette feel to it and a real patina that you can only get with time. 
My only complaint is the seating is tight and a little cramped, but I'm a husky fellow.  If I was smaller it wouldn't be an issue. 
Either way, Joe's is as good as it gets in Philly and it's worth the drive...from Texas.Chink's makes a very good cheesesteak. It's right up there with the best cheesesteaks in Philly. 
I stop there to grab a cheesesteak for lunch occasionally on my trip from NE Philly to Cherry Hill NJ.Best. Cheesesteak. Of. All. Time. 
Forget all the other cheesesteak places you've heard about because here's where it's at! Do yourself a favor and order a chocolate cherry coke (did I mention free refills?) to wash the deliciousness down with. The combination is ahhhhmazing!My late lunch was Amazing.........but the milkshake my god my god black &white with banana added....omg my boyfriend  killed  my shake ...Beware of the waiting time. You would think that you wouldn't have to wait for too long for a cheesesteak but we waited 20+ mins for our three cheesesteaks and fries. The place was pretty full when we went on a Sunday for lunch. The service was slow but the waitress was nice. I really like the feeling of this place! It takes me back in time.
The cheesesteak was okay. It wasn't as good as I had expected since I had high hopes. The meat was bland and everything that you added was extra money. I personally have a favorite place and I've tried many cheesesteak places in Philly and this one is not at the top of the list.It had been a long time since I had a steak from this shop that looks like time forgot. 
It was called Chinks back then - the original owners' nickname. I remember the acrimony of the forced name change to the new owner - Joe's. 
One thing that hasn't changed is the cheesesteak. It remains one of the best in the city. 
Thankfully, I was able to get a parking spot right in front. There weren't many to be had.
The inside looks like it hasn't changed since the original location opened. It is a nostalgic throw back to the old soda fountains that used to be found everywhere when I grew up.
I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese and fried onions. 
These are made to order so it takes some time. When it arrived , it was on a delicious, slightly toasted roll. The meat was lean rib eye steak - seasoned perfectly. There was a nice blend of cheese and fried onions in every bite. The steaks are delivered on wrapping paper, fresh off the grill. The flavor was spectacular. 
I drank a store prepared cherry coke from the fountain - a throw back to my youth. 
I met Joe who was busy working the grill and had to let him know that this is as good as a cheesesteak sandwich gets.Let's be honest folks-- Chink's is a neighborhood dump on Torresdale Avenue, a place that you can easiy pass by fast while driving at 15MPH. We went to Chink's after all the publicity by that lunatic woman who most likely is a new resident of Philadelphia compared to the length of time Chink's has been in business. The food was okay but being served with the minimum service. It reminded me of 1: being served on an airline where you food is plopped down i front of you and 2: putting a dog dish with food on the floor for my pets. Its really a dumpy place and just a local joint. The highlight of my trip was getting the last heavy duty T-shirt with the Chinks logo and a steak sandwich on it. Furthermore with all this crap about which place is the best, etc, what can you possibly due to vary a roll, steak meat, cheese, fried onions and peppers. I like Geno's I like Pat's I like Jim's. Even neighborhood places can have a good steak sandwich so why all this absurd rivalry?This place is in my opinion the Golden standard, hands down with no hesitation the best steak shop in Philly. A huge testament for the land where competition is cut throat and where the ppl hold their favorites close to their hearts and bellies with a fanatical bite. The debate who has the best is nothing new, it has gone on for decades. Battles and wars have been brewing since the mid point of the century, with the most well known being between the two giants of steaks Pats and Genos.
Pats and Genos LOL yes they are landmarks, but they r also tourist traps. No true self respecting philadelphian would ever consider either place as the top steak shop or even top five for that matter. With that being said I suggest you try them, for the experience. (my biggest gripe the stupid rules, the steaks are pre cooked and set aside on a pile off to the side of the grill and the liberal use of cheese wiz. Again I am just not a fan of fake cheese product but I urge u to try it "for the experience at least once"
Then after trying them go down or rather up since its north Philly to Chinks.
Chinks is a North East Philly institution that has been around a very long time and  not much has changed since it first opened more then forty years ago.
Chinks has been the center of the spotlight on and off since it first opened and not always for their godly steaks. They've been the center of controversy and have caught plenty of heat, specifically from the Asian community due to its name. Specifically from the north east philly Korean community who have relentlessly boycotted the shop over the years for that very reason.
The name of the shop was named after the owner, which happened to be his nick name, due to his physical appearance.
So what makes this place so good, other then the fact that they don't have rediculous ordering rules.
Well simply they use top quality products. For starters they use fresh rib eye which they hand slice daily and which they then cook to order. The bread baked and delivered daily. It is top quality with the right amount of chewiness.
The grill cooks are well trained and know how to cook the meat just right with out overcooking it and mixing it perfectly with your choice of provolone or white American. This is a crucial part in the art of cheesesteak construction. They are experts in making sure that the cheese and meat become one.
I always order mine with onions, which they cook just right so it still has texture and a bit of snap.
They also make really good milk shakes, malts and amazing egg creams.
The shop also sells another Philly staple, tasty cakes.
All in all an awesome cheesesteak shop, with great friendly service. Probably the only shop in Philly where it's run by all women, including the grill cooks which happen to also be easy on the eyes.
My only complaint if u can consider it one is this place gets packed for lunch time and it can be close to impossible to get a table.
This is def one of the shops all cheesesteak lovers should try at least once. I doubt it will only be once though ; )Great old time store all the original fixtures stakes are fabulous although 
I did like it better when it was his name chinksOkay so I'm from Philly so I'm very sensitive when it comes to cheesesteaks. I've been coming here for years! I know a lot of people weren't happy with the name change and stopped coming. Not so much for me, doesn't bother me either way. 
We stopped in for a quick lunch today and I've never been disappointed. They use the best rolls hands down. Steaks have always been consistent! Great service! Cant go wrong with wiz and onion. Without hesitation I can say this is my #2 cheesesteak. We will be back!As the first Philly cheesesteak stop on my adventure for the best cheesesteak, it was pretty good. The bread was a little too soft though so it doesn't keep it's shape as you eat it. I would have preferred a cheesier texture. A little too cheesy for my taste too. It's probably really good for a less picky eater though.Best cheesesteak place in Philly! Topples Pats and Genos any day as you don't have to deal with all the tourists and parking is much more plenty! The steaks are fresh and hefty as well as the fried onions done to perfection. Don't FORGET TO ADD WHIZ, it ain't a Philly steak without whiz and fried onions American cheese ain't it buddy.My favorite has alwayssss been Steve's Prince of Steaks... until I tried Joe's (Chinks).
Joe's is now my favorite cheesesteak in our city. I still have a few "legendary" spots I have yet to try but for now, Joe's holds the top spot. 
Order both cheeses (American & Whiz) with onions (or without) you can't go wrong.I won't eat a cheesesteak anywhere but Philly. I won't eat another Philly cheesesteak anywhere except Chink's aka Joe's. After years of eating at the tourist traps on Passyunk when visiting Philly and occasionally venturing to other spots for comparisons, I convinced a buddy of mine to travel further away to Chink's because of what my fellow Yelpers were saying about it. You guys are right on the money. This place is the best. FRESH steaks cooked to order. Worth the wait. Cherry soda made the old-fashioned fountain way. I had to see what all the fuss was about so I got a chocolate milkshake for the ride back to town. It was better than any ice cream store. I got to speak with the owner during a quieter moment that evening and he is the nicest personable guy you will have the pleasure of meeting. No pathetic gruff talk like the circus side show people behind the counters on Passyunk.Phenomenal cheesesteak - interesting observation, all the people working there on a saturday was female. No better no worse, just an observation.  
I got the double cheeze (wiz + Provolone), it was a great combo, prob would not have been enough cheeze if i just got one.  The large is very large, i would say 1.25 feet long!
I really like that the bread is slightly toasted.  One of my top 3 cheesesteak places, highly recommended.This is the best place ever. This is the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. The candy corn milkshake is to die for. I bring everyone who comes in town to visit to eat there.Haven't had many cheesesteaks in my life but this one makes me wanna have more! It was a mandatory experience during our 1 day visit and this place was a delicious experience. The meat is not ground but consists of thinly sliced strips, which makes it even better. Yum! The staff was friendly and provided prompt service. The bathrooms were kind of dirty but at least they have one.I'd been eyeing this place on my commute for almost a year. They really spruced it up and made that corner look a lot cheerier and I like that they seemed to keep some of the "charm/kitch" of the previous diner's style. I guess I wanted to be blown away by the food and the experience and it was perfectly lovely, but probably not crave-able. I will return next time I don't want to drag my tourist visitors to Pat's.
Thumbs up for:
-The service. Our waitress was pleasant and attentive.
-PICKLE BAR!!
-Milkshake (a few options, including a seasonal flavor) was pretty dang good, as were the cheese fries -- perfectly crinkle cut.
Thumbs down for:
-The hot sausage sandwich with whiz. I don't know what I was expecting, but the sausage was flat, like a flat patty and overly whizzed. This is a hard feat, as I love cheese and lots of it, but this was just too much.
-Seemed slightly over priced for something that I usually buy out of a truck on most corners of the city.This place sucks an ass. Half of the staff just sits around while you wait 30 minutes for a cheesesteak. Go anywhere else. Seriously, don't waste your time. Go hungry. It's not worth it.This is the best cheesesteak in the city hands down.  And it has been for a long time.  Even before it was called joes.  Everything is on point about this place you can't go wrong.Cool spot on the corner of Frankford Avenue if you want a good cheesesteak fix. I went there with two other people snd were greeted with a nice welcome. It wss also awesome wr can sit down with iur beers from the Fishtown Fest outside. Our waitress was nice and willing to answer any questions we had about the menu.
The steaks are a bit pricey, and can reach close to double digits. I got a chicken cheesesteak and split buffalo chicken fries with my girlfriend. The sandwich was great since it was actual chicken breasts snd not that thin slab of chicken. Also I loved the buffalo chicken fries! You can also get some fixins at the pickle/pepper bar. I enjoyed my experience and hope to return.Let's put it this way they had a vegan option . It was decent , but when i think cheese steak,  i think greasy goodness , which this lacked. It is a hipster version of cheese steak. Serivce great, decor retro .... amazing pickles!!!!Had you previously asked me where's the best place to grab a cheesesteak my answer would have been another philly staple UNTIL I tried Joe's.. their cheesesteaks are great! Just the right amount of cheese to onions to wiz ratio.. you can't go wrong here! No wonder they say they perfected the philly steak!! A++The food was hot and made fast. The server Bree was great. She make sure to check in on us and refill our drinks. The atmosphere is good and the music a good too. This was a last min decision and turned out to be a good one. I would highly recommend this place. We will definitely be returning . Thanks to the staffGreat meal.  Server was super friendly and attentive ... and she was working the thankless New Year's Eve shift.  Had the cheesesteak with fries.   Wanted to order the Christmas Cookie shake but would probably have had a heart attack on the spot.  The next table over had one and were raving about it.So far my favourite cheesesteak place in Philly. Order the classic cheesesteak with whiz(!) and onions! The pickles bar also has a great selection. Get the old bay fries too. All in all great food especially for late nights. Place is clean and location perfect for post-drinks food!Amazing steaks but writing because fries are absurdly disappointing. Only thing bad about this. Needs to be fixed.Good sandwich, a little bit more than I wanted to pay but was in a crunch.  They don't include condiments in your bag when ordering to pickup, so make sure that you ask for them when you get\pay for your order.  The roll is supposed to 10 inches, I'm thinking 8.  The fries were ok too.  For a fountain soda, cheesesteak (nothing fancy), and fries, $16 and some change. Again, I'm thinking $12-$13.We already can't wait to go back! 
I am an avid Yelper and was unsure of the mixture of positive and negative comments about Joe's. However, we were in town to see a show at the Foundry and it was the best option for Cheesesteaks. It's a pretty small place but cute with plenty of space whether you are there to eat or place an order to go. Either way the service is extraordinarily fast. We were also addressed almost as soon as we walked in and that's a plus. 
I had the chicken cheese steak with American and the boyfriend had a cheesesteak with whiz. They were both amazing! We honestly considered going back after the concert for more. Two sizes of sandwiches offered at a great price as well as fries, hot dogs, hamburgers, soda and shakes. At the back they have a pickle bar you can visit while waiting for food and to dress up your sandwich. Seriously underrated. We loved it. Service wasn't very talkative but was friendly and fast.My favorite cheese steak in Philly! They use quality products and never disappoint. The cheese fries are also a must, if you are a cheese wiz fan theirs is  as good as it gets. They have a variety of milkshakes including a rotating special that is always good. The pickle/pepper bar in the back is a great added bonus. The service is always fast and friendly.Got the wizard cheesesteak w onions, one of the  best I've had.  Shakes are amazing and the staff is very friendly too.Perfect place for my cheesesteak needs! Love the environment, cute diner vibe, the staff always greets me right away and is friendly. I read other reviews saying it took forever, I've had opposite experience I've gone 3 times since opening and it's always quick! Tasty cheesesteaks, love the fries, perfect milkshakes. The only thing I would say is this is not a place if you're in the mood for a greasy sloppy cheesesteak (it's a philly thing). These cheesesteaks are organized, delicious and more traditional sandwiches. Will continue to do business with joes.This location is nowhere near as good as the original location on Torresdale Ave. The quality of the food might be almost as good at best but the service is a joke. I once waited in a line out the door for 20 minutes until suddenly an employee decided to reroute the whole line and started taking orders from the people at the back and moving in reverse order. I was not the only person miffed by this. Another time I had an employee reprimand me for "not listening" to my order. The restaurant was crowded and loud at that time and he could have simply handed me the sandwich without issue instead of taking his frustration out on me. I know the atmosphere of Fishtown is different from Northeast but this is not a tightly run ship and they could learn a thing or two from their colleagues at the original Joe's.I don't see what all the rage is about. Our waitress got my boyfriends order wrong and he said 3 times no onions on his chicken cheese steak. I ordered a regular steak with onions. He got a soda and I got a water. I know that sounds really hard to remember. The girl that wasn't our waitress looked super busy and was always smiling while the cooks looked pissed off. It wasn't packed or anything.  I've had better steaks from street vendors. Honestly. Besides their fries. I didn't enjoy it at all and I'm a pregnant lady, I'm always hungry. Save your money and go to a local pizzeria for a steak. ImoSolid. I can't speak for the cheesesteaks since I no longer eat beef, but my friend seemed to love his -- he enjoyed it more than other cheesesteaks he's had in Philly ( I can't remember if I took him to Steve's or what last time, possibly ishkabibbles )
My chicken cheesesteak was so good -- fresh cut pieces of chicken, fresh bread roll, good old cheese whiz, no complaints. I'd definitely get another here. 
I also got a root beer float which was delicious. Overall, a solid lunchThis place is right up the street from my house. Went in on a night with my Roomate that was relatively busy but not busy enough to wait 50 mins for a wiz with... The place is pretty cool, the server was very friendly and the steak was very good, especially the roll. I highly recommend this place but only for take out until they figure out how to function more efficiently.Googled best cheesesteak in Philly and came across this spot. Def would not have found it while doing the tourist things in downtown, but I wanted a place the locals go to, not a tourist spot. Hands down best cheesesteak of my life. Good fries and milkshakes too. We went on a Sunday afternoon around 2 and was able to get 2 tables for 5 of us (tables are small) and found a street parking spot right out front. Staff was friendly. Place decorated old school. It's clean and priced right. Food is amazing. I would eat there any time I'm back.Had to order a cheesesteak with provolone because they were out cheez whiz. But the sub was decent. I particularly like the bread that it comes with. They charge extra for lettuce and tomato but not for fried onions. I thought that was different. But they have a condiment station which has an assortment of other condiments. The staff was friendly and the sub came out pretty quickly.This is a definite place to stop on your way to the Island! Great everything, prices good, staff friendly!Darn good steaks cooked to order. Juicy, tender and great bread. Service was attentive and just right. We will be back.Food was delicious! Cheeseburger and chicken cheese steak were so good !!! The workers were very pleasant. Definitely will go back.Joe's is always a solid choice for cheesesteak. I've tried the beef and chicken cheesesteaks and both meats are perfectly cooked and juicy. ALWAYS GET THAT WHIZ WIT!!! These sandwiches are HUGE and packed! You can add pickles and peppers to your meal from a self-serve bar in the back! For philly cheesesteak prices, I would say this is more on the pricier side, but I prefer Joe's over Pat's or Geno's..quality is just better.
Lemme tell you about the milkshakes and floats.. they are a MUST! Forget about the calories and try one! They are HUGE! My go-to is the black and white. If you want to go slightly lighter, go for the soda floats. My personal fave is the orange soda with vanilla. 
Also, they have pretty decent cheese fries..and who doesn't love cheese fries?I use to love the original up Frankford Ave under the name no longer spoken. Steaks are still good, but wildly over priced. The new shop lacks the charm of the comfy confines. It's a tourist place to me, like going to 9th street.Listen, I live walking distance from Pat's and Geno's but I will gladly drive up to Joe's for a steak because it's SO MUCH better. So listen up visitors of our fine city, Joe's is a great place to go when you're in town.
Servers are always kind and and the food is made quick. Try a steak wit and cherry soda. A great pairing if you've never tried it.
Little hint - these sandwiches are pretty big so you're kids can share. :)Second best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Systems are the only problem here, the sodas are incredible and so is the roll. Perfect mix of meat and cheese and great meat. Only place I would take a steak over this is john's but this place is a hundred times cleaner and in a much better location.
Overall I would recommend it you want an awesome Philly cheesesteak.Excellent cheesesteaks. Phenomenal. But why call it joes steaks and soda shop if all they have is a soda machine with coke products? I suggest craft sodas in a case next to the door. The theme would then be complete. Still 5 stars though.Leslie always gives the best customer service, and greets me with the biggest smile! This place is my weekly go-to. The food is great and the hours are convenient!
An important note: The nightshift cook is THE BEST! There's definitely a difference in the way the day shift cooks their cheesesteaks as opposed to the guy on nightshift. I can't explain it, but his are sooooooo much better that I make it a point to go after 4. 
Seriously, you'll thank me. :)I give it 2 stars solely for the cheesesteak. Their steaks are good, but that's about all you'll get here. I ordered a side of fries for $5 and literally got a bowl of frozen store bought crinkle fries (not even salted or anything). Ridiculous when you can get hand cut, better fries from a food cart for less. Other than that, the atmosphere is pretty sterile and soulless. All the staff is professionally trained (come from Applebee's, Friday's, etc) so if you wanna feel like you're in a chain restaurant, this is the place for you. It's actually a shame considering it's in the main drag of fish town, which it known for its unique culture and awesome food. 
Overall, mediocre and overpriced food with no enticing reason to sit inside. Plus no beer :(. Hit up a food cart insteadCheesesteak with provolone, onions, and a ton of toppings from the pickle bar was fantastic.  Milkshake was great and thick, and the service was friendly and fast.  For me, the bread is the key to a great steak, and this bread is perfect.  It's chewy, buttery and there's no soggy bread with this steak....critical.  Instead of trying to order a bunch of add-ons, they let you pile it on a la carte at the pickle bar, which scores extra points with me.  I'm not a philly native, and I like to bastardize my steak with pickles peppers and all sorts of other garbage...not ashamed.  
With the Fillmore nearby and all the great stops on Frankford Ave, this place is the perfect late-night stop when you need a cheesesteak and a milkshake to compete the night!The food was delicious and the portion size was awesome. My waitress was helpful and friendly. If you're in Fishtown area and looking for a place to relax and grab a great cheesesteak, fries and shake, this is the place to go. The price was right up my alley and the TV helped me keep up on sports.Amazing location, friendly staff, and delicious food! My cheesesteak had the ideal ratio of fresh bread, perfectly seasoned steak, gooey cheese, and caramelized onions. I'm not in Philly often but will make Joe's a priority when I visit again. Worth every calorie.Always good to stop by and grad quick cheesesteak, fries are good and not oily at all! The pickle station is awesome! Just nice casual spot for everyone!Good spot. Nice, but not mindblowing whiz wit'. Lots of condiment options (included pickled veggies). I'll revisit. Reasonable prices, good service. But still a few pet peeves: why not have unlimited refills on soda? Also, the frozen fries came out warm, and then rapidly dwindled to cold, unfortunately.Their cheesesteak with whiz cheese, sauted onions, and mayo was mindblowingly good. I even got a chicken cheesesteak and a chocolate pretzel milkshake to-go cause I had to try more. Service was great.. good location with lots of bars nearby.Been here 26 minutes, and haven't seen my chicken hit the grille. Small shop needs to take a page out of the chipotle handbook!
40 minutes no sandwich, FAIL. Too bad I was hopeful for the new addition to the neighborhood. Recommendation:  get something healthy at the Palm tree market across the street!Me and my boyfriend (who was born and raised in Philly) have just tried Joe's for the first time and we both agreed BEST CHEESESTEAK IN PHILLY!!!So wack. You could get a better cheese steak almost anywhere. I think i could make a better one with steak-ums. No exaggeration. Service was also not good. Rolls were not good. I cant wrap my mind around all these 5 star ratings. Makes me suspicious. There is just no way.The best cheese steak in Philly.  Bold statement, I know.Loooooove this place.  The owner, Joe Groh, is a class act, and cares deeply about providing the good people of Philly with timeless, high quality, delicious, cheap, comfort food.  Ugh!!  I love/hate that I live so far away... Love because I'm 60lb lighter than I would be, and Hate because NOBODY makes milkshakes like Joe's!Great customer service, very polite and quick. Fun decor. A phenomenal location. But in the city of cheese steaks is take more than being mediocre to get a good rating.Went there for a pretzel cheese steak and the waitress was so rude and the workers just stood around. I had to eat my food fast because they had the air conditioning on south pole so if u let your food sit it would be cold. Who wants to eat cold food? Will never visit that place again and it's a shame because there was only one other person there so I know they're not busyNothing special. Waited 30 minutes for 2 cheesesteaks and fries. The cheesesteaks were nothing to write home about,  just blah, condiment bar was not stocked and our birch beer tasted like cherry coke with added sugar. $33 for something I could have gotten in any pizza shop in the city for half the price and better. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because the sign outside brightens up the st.I love their cheesesteaks!! It's one of my favorite places in Philly and hands down my favorite in the fishtown/nolibs area. I am a sucker for whiz wit and it's always the perfect meat to cheese to roll ratio. The small is the perfect size for me, especially after a night of drinking. Their fries are also delish (crispy and crinkle-cut), especially dipped in cheez whiz. Also I highly recommend their Oreo milkshake. It gets crazy at night but it's worth the wait.This is a solid cheese steak served fast with a bunch of options for toppings.  It's also a BYO which I love.  Best deals are on Wednesdays when all cheese steaks are a few bucks off.  I've brought a bunch of people here and they are always impressed.  More expensive than a lot of the hole in the wall cheesesteak places but cheaper than the tourist traps so I think that's fair.
Minus 1 star for kicking out all the food trucks that used to be on the corner when the bars closed.Amazing steak and awesome service from Erin! Loved the entire experience.  I digg that joint and will be returning as soon as I can. I always say #diggitorleaveit and for Joe's I most definitely digg it tuff.I had Joe's for the first time today. The black and white milkshake is so good that I urge everyone to get a milkshake when they visit, it isn't sickeningly sweet and it's also not very thick, but that's how I like it. The cheesesteak is pretty good compared to others I've tried. The meat is cut into ribbons, and cooked nicely, and the cheese wiz and fried onions really add a nice flavor. My only caveat is that I wish the bread was a little crustier because it's a soft roll and the sandwich seems to squish together as you're trying to take a bite, but again that's just my opinion. Joe's a solid choice if you're indecisive!boy oh boy. I want to love this place, but waiting almost 45 minutes for a steak sandwich in a near empty restaurant is a real bummer. understandably they just opened, but the staff was in a total cluster fuck all just standing around very unorganized. Not sure if take-out will be a little easier, but for the cost you'd think it be a little better customer service.all the people were very nice && the food came
out quick. the pickle bar in the back stole my heart && the inhouse made pickles are to die for! but not literally--maybe just take most the container like i did for the car ride home.An acquaintance mentioned this was his favorite cheesesteak in philadelphia so I was looking forward to trying. I sometimes eat cheesesteaks for breakfast--they hold the #1 place in my heart for hangover curing purposes. I made sure I got myself extra hungover to test properly. The results? The bread I am not a fan of....was dry and too *bready*. The cheesesteak served was a poor representation of what is available in philly. The spot is cool and casual! I have tried another time since the first time and stand by my bread comment.Easily one of the best cheesesteaks in Philadelphia... pairs perfectly with their milkshakes.  I grew up going to their other location in Northeast Philly (formerly known as Chink's), and that was always my choice over the other NE Philly favorite Steve's Steaks .. 
This to me is as good as it gets.. I can't comment on their burgers, chick cheesesteaks, etc.. but if you're for a great steak done right, this is the place.Excellent Cheesesteak, just as good as Pat's, Jim's, or Geno's. Service was so friendly and helpful too and loved the atmosphere. Perfect location as well, highly recommend it!I stopped here before a concert at Johnny Brendas. Got a cheesesteak with whiz and onions. I thought it was one of the best cheesesteak's in Philly. To compare, I'm also a fan of Jim's, Sonny's, and Tony Luke's, but not so much Pat's, Geno's, or Steve's. The bread was really soft and fluffy, and the meat was thinly sliced and cut up, which is how I prefer it. It was very flavorful too. I normally go with American cheese but felt like trying whiz and it was very good too. Onions were diced small and cooked well.
They have a lot of other things on the menu, like chicken cheesesteaks, veggie cheesesteaks, burgers, sundaes and shakes (though the overwhelming smell of the restaurant was buffalo sauce). I would like to try the other items one day. It has a cute, retro diner atmosphere and they will serve you if you want to eat in. Prices were normal for a cheesesteak. Can't beat the convenient location and the delicious food!I will amend my post, as I was a little drunk and very hangry at the time I made it. I went at a very bad hour, roughly 1am. I kind of set myself up for failure. 
However, the service was still really bad. Two employees were sitting on the counter doing nothing and one was Snapchatting the giant crowd of people waiting for their cheesesteaks.
The cheesesteaks and cheese fries were pretty good. Definitely not worth the wait.I was in Philadelphia yesterday for business and wanted to try a real Philly cheesesteak. A federal judge there recommended Joe's because he thought they had the best. I was glad I followed his recommendation because the cheesesteak, fries, and milkshake were AMAZING!  The service was also great!  I will be back in Philadelphia next month, and will definitely be going to Joe's again if at all possible!Best cheese steak in Philly. Had a cheese steak with wiz, fried onions and a fried egg.  Amazing!  Can't wait to go back for another one.Best cheesesteak around. Pickle and pepper bar on point. Nice seating, great hours.The steaks are good and as a chicken cheesesteak fan I appreciate that the chicken is actually a breast chopped during cooking instead of chipped like other places.  But the service leaves a lot to be desired and I don't think it has anything to do with the servers themselves, but more with the very clear lack of system and process.  
My roommate works here as a cook and I stopped in last night at 11:30pm to pick him up when his shift ended at midnight, hoping to grab a bite to eat.  I sat at the counter and not a single person approached me to see if I needed a drink, food, etc.  The owner and manager have seen me once before but otherwise nobody knows me so they had no idea I was there for one of the employees, I was just a customer who was completely ignored for 35 minutes and that's unacceptable, especially at 11:30pm on a Saturday night when the place is more than half empty.
I'm really rooting for this place but someone needs to step up, set some procedures, and smooth out things.I love coming here. The food is always delicious. I really love the vegetarian cheesesteak, probably the best one I have ever gotten. I just wish that they sold a large size and a small size. Also, its very expensive. But of course I will come back. Definitely worth it.Came here to try their veggie cheesesteak and it was great, tasted just like a real one.  The milkshake was perfect and the prices were great. service was good tooDecent vegan cheesesteak. Great fries. Awesome staff. 
My cohort had a sausage sandwich that he enjoyed and a nice chill lunch was had by all. 
This is a spot that would remind you of an old school diner that is veg friendly and has an awesome pickle/pepper bar.excellent! steak was plump, not greasy. bread was super fresh and soft. so unlike many steak shops. staff was extremely courteous, even close to closing time!What can I say about Joe's, my favorite location in the franchise. They are the best I've ever had in my 23 years of life. Seals are always good, chicken or regular, cheese fries are to die for, would recommend them to anyone in the world. I know this is thrown around a lot but they are without doubt the BEST IN PHILLY! I was really excited to try this place because they offered a vegan cheesesteak option. Unfortunately they were out of the vegan meat AND mushrooms! I love mushrooms and am a vegetarian so that was highly disappointing. However, even just with cheese, onions, lettuce, and tomatoes, it was still a pretty good sandwich. I know it would've been glorious with the missing ingredients, though. At least they comped my sister's sandwich for the inconvenience, which was nice.The steak was delicious. Walked in and got a table right away. Our waitress was Erin. She was very helpful and polite. She knew the whole menu when we had questions. Definitely going to hit up Joes again soon!!AWESOME steak sandwich! The meat was tender and the roll was great! The place is a cross between old meets new. I loved my milkshake, triple thick! The only downside was the wait. It took me 20 minutes to get my sandwich, I know it's new so I'm sure they will fix that. I'll def be a customer. Our neighborhood needed a place like this. I want to try the Buffalo Fries next time:)For me, this place beats the more popular steak joints. The large steak (on the menu as 10", but I thought it was bigger) is filled with beautifully seasoned beef, your choice of cheese, and comes at a cheaper price than places like Pat's or Geno's. While I did not try any of their shake, I liked that they had staple flavors on top of seasonal creations. Definitely give this place a shot if you're in the Fishtown area.
*Gave 4 instead of 5 stars because service was rather slow.Here's what you need to know!!!!
I been eating here for a while so read carefully:
1) eat-in or take out: don't sit down at a table if you're not eating-in. (But you should eat in!) Cheesesteaks are best eaten fresh and hot, also enjoyed with a nice foundation drink or milkshake and the time to eat it slowly with company (I recommend Cookies and cream milkshake)
2) they are huge! The large cheesesteaks are 10 inches and a lot to eat. The bread is heavenly, crispy and fresh. 
3) small fries with cheesesteaks are enough for two people (get whiz on the side or try old bay)
4) service is great and prices are fair but...
5) best time to go is Wednesday early evening because there is a Wednesday discount on large cheesesteaks ($7.50) and it's not too crowded as it will be late at night when people leave the bars.
6) best cheesesteak in philly.
7) my go to (their classic) is a large with American with (perfectly fried) onions (and extra cheese)
8) pickle/pepper bar in the back where you can help yourself. I love the bell peppers to put on a few bites!
9) they are nice so take some time w a friend and sit in and enjoy yourself on a lazy afternoon.Way over priced and food is ok. $15 for 2 Milkshakes? Look at the pic of my $5 cheese dog. I will not be going back.Amazing cheesesteaks and awesome shakes! First stop in Philly was definitely a success.This review is for the buffalo chicken cheesesteak.
I came here with a friend because it's new, we're local, and wanted to check out the steaks. Having previously worked in a cheesesteak shop, I had high expectations for the fare. Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed with the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. I don't know if you could really even call it a "buffalo" sauce, because it was seriously lacking in flavor/spice. The cheese fries were just "ok" as well. I don't know if it's just a personal preference or what, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. 
I can't comment on their normal (steak) cheesesteaks, but if you're in the area and need to satisfy your cheesesteak craving in a pinch, this would suffice. However, I think your money/business would be better-utilized elsewhere.What a perfect spot to get your late night food on after a night of drinking.  I loved the simple menu, the 1950's feel and the friendly staff. Not wanting to eat a whole cheesesteak we had the cheese dogs! They were amazing. About twice the size that I thought they were going to be and priced only at $2.75. It was more of a meal than a snack. They have a pickle bar and a fixings bar which is always fun for pickle aficionados. Made for some fun people watching as mostly 20 somethings got their food on.  Noticed that it is BYOB which is definitely a plus if you are looking for a nice place to start your evening!This place is better than Pat's, Geno's, and Jim's. Not only are the cheesesteaks better, but the service is way better, not confusing when you order, not a cash only place, and the seating/ambiance is more enjoyable. I feel like this place is the most underrated cheesesteak joint in Philly.Best cheesesteak I've had in Philly so far, although I haven't been to Jim's yet. Get it with both provolone and wiz and it won't disappoint. Love the pickle and pepper bar.The one on Torresdale is our staple for cheesesteaks. The new one is just as good has amazing food and staff. The same custom milkshakes that change every month ( see my pic of the candy corn one) the best part is this one is open late night so I can stop in anytime. They cook in  the window and hand make the shakes. Try the buffalo chicken French fries. Hot and crispy with huge chunks of chicken on them. . Also that Stirling who works at this location. She is just amazingFirst time at Joe's last week.  Great cheesesteak.  Tasted it on both the the regular size roll and the small, I recommend the regular size.   Great quality steak, onion was also very flavorful and mixed in wonderfully with the whiz.  Fries were also good (not great) and they were NOT fresh cut as advertised on their website and in the restaurant.  
I love that Joe's is also a soda shop, they have a variety of homemade sodas other beverages, as well as all your favorite Coke products.  Had a salted caramel black & white shake, could not taste the caramel but overall the shake was very good.  
Also loved the atmosphere and the fact that this is one of the few major cheesesteak spots in the city that you can sit inside and have your table waited on.  Overall, I will definitely be back to Joe's.  I docked one star due to the false advertising of fresh cut fries.  Add fresh cut fries and I will 100% add a well deserved fifth star.
Edit: My Joe's Steak experience tonight (2/27) was so fantastic that the fifth star, naturally, had to be added.  This is one of the best sandwiches in Philly.  Don't skip it.Service was good for us but it was midafternoon so maybe we missed the rush. However food was a let down - my chicken cheesesteak was a total disappointment. There were probably 10 little bits of chicken in a big roll. Terrible. I literally had cheesy bread for lunch.  Fries were good and fresh cut but would have been perfect with malt vinegar.  They had none despite the waiter telling me I was the 5th person to ask for it in 2 days...Decent burgers and cheese steak. Our fries were def old and not fresh (im a fry freak so I know all types of fries) so besides their fries, pretty solid for the priceI patronize Joe's in the 80s when it was called chink's steaks on Torresdale Avenue. I grew up with that establishment moved away and years later was able to make it back under the new name Joes.  Girard Avenue location is fantastic I try to hit there a couple times a month even if you can't park find a place to park and walk you will be happy the best cheesesteak the best french fries the best Cherry sodas, probably the greatest Pickle bar and peppers you'll find at any restaurant.  The staff is friendly and hoping one day to run into Joe the owner remember as a child seeing him cutting steaks in a window at the original 30 + years agoArrived here late last night at 2:20am.
The place was rammed with about 25 people in line waiting to order.. However this posed no issue as our crew snagged a table almost straight away. Put down our stuff then lined up to order. Obviously the line was big and there is only 1 cash register so we expected it would take the 5-10 min to get to the front. Also, as the joint was busy, we expected a fair wait for our food. No awesome surprises on time, which was absolutely fine. This review is about the food itself.
I ordered the cheesesteak (whiz + buffalo sauce) and when it arrived I added jalapeos, chili flakes, and a little Mayo throughout. Also ordered the buffalo chicken fries for the table (a must!).
But let's talk about the cheesesteak.
The beef stayed moist and hot from start to finish.
The bread stayed hot and crisp, and never even remotely got soggy.
The whiz tasted amazing.
There was no absurd sauce pool made from a dripping fountain of juices creeping out the bottom of my sandwich.
The buffalo sauce addition went an absolute treat.
Having the option to add jalapeos and chili flakes (or pickles or whatever you desire) makes this experience personal and tailored to your liking...
It is fair to say Joes is on the money and I can not wait to head back. 
One of the best sandwiches I've had.My favorite cheesesteak spot in the entire city. Use higher quality steak and fresh bread which makes for a top notch cheesesteak. Also, have amazing milkshakes, sodas, and cheese whiz for steaks/fries. Very fast and friendly service as well.Should be in the discussion of the best cheesesteak places in Philadelphia.  Consistently provides a well put together cheesesteak that isn't too sloppy or greasy.  Excellent fries and milkshakes as well.  The interior seems to have the feel of a '50s diner but I cannot say that with absolute certainty as I was not alive in the '50s.So glad to have Joe's Steaks in the neighborhood. Along with Paesano's, the Fishtown/NoLibs area is finally getting some real sandwich street cred. 
We stopped at Jim's and Joe's in the same Saturday. Granted, we hit Jim's midday, sober, and waited in line 15 minutes to eat solid-but-nothing-special steaks. Then, 8 hours later and fully of Brody's amazing cocktails from Fette Sau, we stopped at Joe's on our way home. And they knocked it out of the park. 
Our steak (whiz with) was fast, hot, large, and loaded with tons of perfectly cooked meat and onions. Plenty of whiz, but not overwhelming, and the roll was perfect. Not a super-soft Amoroso's. It had a bit more tooth and flavor of it's own. 
I'll have to make up an excuse to get back to try the malted and burgers, but I am thrilled to have a legit cheesesteak place in the neighborhood. Also, extra credit for completely rehabbing a corner in Fishtown. Beautiful shop and friendly staff.I prefer the location at Benner & Torresdale. But the Fishtown location is decent. I love their specialty milkshakes. I always get a cheese steak with American cheese & fried onions. So delicious. It's all about the roll so if you find yourself in Fishtown DO NOT GET THE GLUTEN FREE ROLL! So gross. Stupid hipsters. They ruin everything. My daughter gets a cheese steak with wiz. Hers is always good too. The fries are good too. We usually just do cheese wiz on them or on the side. About the same price as Steve's Prince of Steaks but completely different. Both in my top 3. If you were interested my other favorite cheese steak it's John's Roast Pork.By far my favorite Philly cheesesteak. I feel like not a whole lot of people are familiar with Joe's when I ask around, so clearly they're missing out. The original name of the place was Chinks and the original location is on Torresdale Ave. I was ecstatic when I heard this location in Fishtown opened up because it gave me the indication that business is booming. Genos, Pats, and Jim's do not come anywhere close to the greatness of Joe's steaks. I started coming here about 2 years ago or so, with special thanks to my uncle on an awesome recommendation. This will forever be my go to for cheesesteaks!I was going to a show at the Filmore and a few people told me to try joes. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and told to take a seat wherever we wanted. Now my gf is a picky eater so we were happy to find a place that serves burgers as well. Our server came over within minutes of us sitting down and we gave her our order. For the next 30 mins I watched people that came in after us get their food. Another server saw my frustration and said the they were cooking her burger on the side of the grill that wasn't hot enough and that's why it was taking so long. 30 mins is a ridiculous amount of time to wait for a burger and small cheesesteak. When my food finally came I was pretty disappointed. The bread to meat ratio wasn't good and the cheesesteak lacked flavor. My gf said the same about her burger. Can't say I will come back here and if I do it will only be for a milkshakestopped in at this place Saturday night after a few too many beers at Ortlieb's.  
I had always heard great things about this place in the Northeast, but I am not driving up there for anything, so was glad they opened in my hood.
Now, I am not really a cheesesteak guy, cuz real Philly is all about the roast pork sandwich. But this place definitely blows Pat's or Geno's-- or any of the million corner stores making steaks-- out of the water. Only thing I have had that even approaches the quality I found here would be Tony Luke's (but if I am at Tony Luke's, I am getting a pork sandwich with rabe and long hots.)
Not sure what all the posted complaints re: bad service are about, because our food came in like 5 minutes, tops. And this was in the midst of a Saturday night rush. lots of people.The service was very good, the waitress, counter person, and cooks were all really friendly even though it was 2am on a Saturday night and they were slammed.
The restaurant was spotlessly clean, as were the bathrooms--and it didn't have that horrible gross rotten cheese steak smell like the places on South street pump out.
We had two steaks with provolone and a chocolate malt.
The roll was fantasic, they said it was Liscio's bread, which makes sense, it wasn't gummy, had a real crust, excellent, toasted perfectly, I could eat that alone with some butter and it would be good to soak up the Kenzingers.
Meat was high quality, not gristle, no weird stuff in it, not too fatty, just good. Not cheap corner hoagie shop garbage.
I had tomatoes and lettuce on mine, that stuff was fresh too, very good.
If I had any complaints about the sandwich, I would say it was slightly under seasoned and needed more cheese.   I just added a little salt to my steak and it was fine--better to have to do this than have it be too salty I guess. Next time, I will order double cheese and see if that fixes the cheese issue. 
Our malt was a little under "malted" but that is because I ordered a shake at first and then realized they had malts and asked them to make it a malt after the fact, so I think they couldn't put too much malt powder in since it was already on the machine.
Typically, about three minutes after I eat a cheesesteak in Philly, I regret it, start feeling ill, hate myself for eating crappy junk food. I often say "never doign that again!" I had no such reaction to the Joe's Steak, it was awesome.  Just good food, good ingredients. Will definitely hit this place for late night food or any time I am not getting a hoagie at Fran's or a pork sammie at Paesano's. 
This was hands down the best cheesesteak I have ever had in Philly.
And it soaked up the beers very well. 
Now, here is my only real complaint--and the only reason I didn't give Joe's 5 stars. This place opened at Frankford and Girard, in the midst of the madness of northern liberties, kenzo, Fishtown, and it has NOT A SINGLE BIKE RACK. 
NOT ONE. 
This is unacceptable. Not having bike racks in this neighborhood is a cardinal sin. I remain amazed at any business that doesn't get this.  I know in the northeast you may not see a lot of riders, but down here everybody rides. You need bike racks.
Unless you want to send a "douche signal" to all the bike riders in the hood (like Stephen Starr at Frankford Hall, which still has no racks after several years open), Please INSTALL SOME BIKE RACKS. You have a corner property, with big sidewalks, you owe it to your customers to put in a couple racks.  
Take a walk down the street to Fishtown Tavern and check their racks out, or just look out your window and look at how many bikes are locked at Johnny Brenda's. 
YOU NEED YOUR OWN BIKE RACKS!
Other than that issue, I really have no complaints with Joe's.  I am glad they are there, the food lived up to the hype, and I saw none of the opening jitters the other reviewers have mentioned. 
I am looking forward to eating here again--but I hope I will be able to lock my bike securely in front of the place the next time.When I heard this place made vegan cheesesteaks, I couldn't wait to try it. Boy was I glad I did. Best damn vegan steak sandwich I've ever had given I'm a pescatarian. Loaded it up with peppers and pickles from their pickle bar. Got old bay fries with it - nothing special. But I can't wait to go back for another sandwich.The cheesesteak is Philadelphia's breadwinner for cuisine and Joe's Steaks & Soda Shop does it best. Not only is the staff very friendly, the food is magnificent! Right in the heart of Fishtown, Joe's has established itself as THE cheesesteak shop for Northern Liberties, Fishtown, Port Richmond, and Kensington alike. The cheesesteak itself is the perfect of amount savory and salty. Let's not forget the milkshakes! I normally go with the Philly favorite of "Whiz wit" which means cheese whiz and fried onions and it never fails. The milkshake standout is the chocolate shake with real bananas in it! 
Another great stand out attribute for this place is the fact they're open past bar closing time on weekends! So, when closing out your check at Johnny Brenda's or The El Bar, head on over for some delicious late night food!
The manager, Pat, has taken great care of me and all friends that I've brought in! I can't speak highly enough about this place and will constantly make return visits! Forget Jim's, Pat's or Geno's, Joe's ALL THE WAY!My experience was interesting to say the least. Land of hipsters. That is the best way to describe this God forsaken armpit of the city. They brought our food out at different times, forgot who got what and verbally assaulted us with their Hooghly roughly bike preferences. After a long discussion about the best up and coming indie punk band on the scene we shook the dust from our sandles and left without our food. I would rather eat McDonald's on the trolley rails right outsideOmg this place was amazing! The cheese steaks are so tasty, and ironically enough, the wait wasn't too bad (given the number of people). I'd absolutely recommend a friend.Incredible homemade gluten free buns from this place totally won my heart over. To top it off, the buffalo chicken fries were topped with the freshest grilled chicken. Definitely a cheesesteak experience I'll never forget.Best cheesesteaks in Philadelphia! The bread is amazing. Would recommend getting provolone, wiz, and onions. The pickle bar in the back is awesome. If you're still hungry after the cheesesteak, their cheese fries (or regular fries) are consistently delicious. Always have gotten fast & friendly service.I do really like this place but the two times I've been here I've had to wait a while for service.  Sounds like a common thing going on per other Yelp reviews  and I don't think it'd be too terribly hard to fix.
Food quality is excellent, although my one complaint is that there should be a little more meat in the sandwiches.  I feel like there's an over abundance of roll and not enough steak or chicken to really do it justice.  
Flavor-wise, one of my favorite cheesesteaks in a long time.  I'll be back.No need to sugarcoat this. My friends and I went here last night absolutely trashed. 2 cheesesteaks and 2 chicken cheesesteaks were ordered around 2 am. It was fast, hot, and pretty good. I thought 10 bucks was a little excessive though. I'll try them sober to see if my opinion stays true.I love the ambiance in here--classic American style. The food is good and simple with a pickle bar to dress up the classics you order. Staff is fast and friendly and prices are very reasonable! Would recommend to anyone who wants a sit down experience or just a quick bite. Gluten free options, vegetarian, and vegan options available which is hard to come by at other places like this.Food aside, Joe is an incredibly compassionate business owner who sincerely cares about the patrons at his establishment. My iPhone was stolen when I was here earlier this week, and Joe did not rest until he figured out exactly what happened to it, and recovered it for me. I was in awe at how much time and effort he spent on this, and I am definitely in a very small minority of people that have a phone stolen, be missing for days, and get it back in perfect condition. Thank you Joe, for being a stand-up example of a business owner, and just a great human. 
I will support this place and tell everyone I know to do the same. Plus, they have a vegan steak, crinkle fries, and a huge pickle bar!!Solid, but unspectacular. There are much better places to grab a steak in Philly. I like the ambiance of the restaurant and the sit down idea. However, the steak is the main draw and that is where I was let down.I have to start  by saying Joe's has become my favorite cheesesteak in Philly! The chicken cheesesteaks are also delicious, and made with real chicken. They also have gluten free rolls! I love this place, but my reasons for 4 stars are the following. The gluten free rolls are often rock solid, however my most recent trip to Joe's was definitely the best yet and the roll was perfect. I'm assuming there was a fresh delivery or something and otherwise the rolls are thrown in the freezer and not fully defrosted before they stick steak on it. That being said... where else can you get a gf cheesesteak? My other complaint is that the staff aren't the friendliest bunch. I came one night about 15 minutes prior to closing and the doors were locked. There were customers inside, but they would not let us in and I'm still not sure why. The staff is hit or miss.. some care and are friendly but others look miserable and don't care much about getting an order right. The place is open late night during the weekends for the drunken Fishtown crowd so you  may have to wait that time of night. My tip would always be to just check your order before leaving.By far Phillys best cheesesteak. All those other places are tourist attractions. If you want the real #1 you come here! They have a pickle and pepper bar that's amazing as well. Whenever I want a cheesesteak I come here. The rolls are just the right amount of crunch the grease isn't all greasy and gross and the wiz is perfect. I wish I had one Right now!What's not to love about a good philly cheese steak? The toppings. It def makes or breaks a great hoagie such as Joe's. I ordered a small cheesesteak (a large would be good enough to split between 2 people) and wished I hadnt gotten the grilled onions. They were just diced onions left on the grill for a few seconds for color, no caramelization, thus not much flava. Plus it kept falling out everywhere. Otherwise nice portion of steak and cheese. Oh my friend's strawberry milkshake was lacking that thick creamy consistency and tasted like strawberry flavored milk which is a let down when ya could've just ordered a another delish hoagie!I've always wanted an authentic cheesesteak. On a recent trip to Philly I originally planned to do the local pat or genos option. However, our friend who lived in Philly told us not to waste our time. They suggested Joe's and promised we wouldn't be disappointed. He was right! Awesome diner atmosphere with upbeat employees who answered all our questions. Went with the classic cheesesteak: American cheese and onions. And a little cheez whiz on the side. Every bite had flavor, the sub was fresh, and the pickle bar was icing on the cake. My husband who has had many cheesesteak said this was definitely one of the best!Unfortunately, I have to agree with the other comments in regards to their poor service. We waited exceptionally long to be served our mediocre sandwich which was more like a toasted bun than any cheesesteak I've ever had. The over priced bun we got was not worth the price or wait.The cheesesteak rolls are fantastic and the cheese fries are good. I would eat it there rather than bring it home though. Great drunk food too! We enjoyed it.We've tried the other steak places that were famous but this place stole our bellies. Shakes were amazing and steak was yummy. I truly remind this place to visitors.This was a good cheesesteak; paired nicely with a black and white milkshake. Way overpriced though. 
Worth a go if you have 20$ for lunchNo way that this should be associated with the original "Chink's" 
No one has a clue and it's nothing like the original. I should have gone to sketck for a burger and I haven't even eaten my steak yet. 
I'm watcking them cook and already know its gonna be shit!This was just perfect from the moment you walk in and order 
Steak was ..PERFECT 
I ordered a steak with and wiz.
Shamrock shake 
Fries 
Was one of the best cheese steak I ever had 
Im From philly ...my spots are abners and Steve prince ...I am stick to say this cheese steak was just amazing ....and we'll crafted...Great, friendly service.  As tourists we stuck out like a sore thumb. But the server was very patient and answered all my moms questions and requests. A local actually recommended this specific location to us and it was perfect! Bathrooms are clean. Accessible parking. And I recommend adding mushrooms to the cheesesteak! We added lettuce and tomatoes as well.Stumbled upon this small place by googling "good cheesesteaks" when touring Philly and I must say this steaks will put your taste buds through a trip! The service was also really great. Really tops the experience that is PhillyI had it to go and I'm sure it would of been better on the spot. I got home the first bite was good, after that the meat was just tough and dry. The bread, cheese whiz, onions were great. The meat was overcooked, just wish there was a better way of preserving the juice because it was definitely one of the meats left on the grill too longBest cheese steaks in Philly...I still call it chinks though! there milkshakes are great also...Great steaks, four stars until they can operate like a team.  Their employees left off my mushrooms in my first two visits and I had to walk back for them, also called in an order and asked to come in 15 like they asked, no one actually notated the order for pickup.  I know this place is new, but they gotta get their act together.I have lived in no libs for a year and a half and have somehow ignored this establishment, despite its marvelous marquee and presence. Until tonight. 
I finally decided to get a steak sandwich from Joes and I have to say it is the best steak sandwich I have had. Ever. Amazing portions of steak and cheese. Fresh rolls. Just amazing. Get there.The place was ok, nothing special and way overpriced compared to neighborhood shops. Also had to wait like 30 min for my food with hardly anyone there. I would still rather go to Central Pizza down the block and get a steak. Better priced and better quality.Been waiting for Joe's to open for quite a while and when it did, I gave them some time to settle in and get things going the way they wanted. I have been twice so far, with the third time probably being tonight and every time has been awesome. Their cheesesteak is better than I thought it would be the steak they use stays moist and doesn't dry out at all. The bread is really good as well. It beats driving all the way to Tony Luke's, now I can just walk down the street. Even though the cheesesteaks are awesome, don't sleep on the buffalo chicken or more importantly the cheeseburgers. The burgers are awesome, the small is a single patty and the large is a double. I went with the double and somehow managed to demolish it. The fries here are good and the black and white milkshakes are killer. Great addition to the neighborhood and I may stay in Fishtown just to be closer to this place!The location was nice and had this old-school diner atmosphere. Their cheesesteak was okay but not as good as most other places I've been to. The good thing is their menu offers a lot of different varieties of sandwiches and drinks/milkshakes. I also enjoyed their mini condiments stand in the back of the restaurant where you could pick from a variety of hot peppers, spicy pickles, and condiments like ketchup and mayo to put in your sandwich. The service was also okay. They were very friendly and got our orders in a timely manner.Surprisingly delicious. I was skeptical when they didn't chop the steak but it didn't matter. It was tender. And the pickle bar was pretty cool too.Wasn't my favorite cheesesteak I had while in Philly. Still good but compared to the other the steak was drier and lacking in flavor. The honey mustard chicken fries though were delicious.First time trying it, ordered a Wiz Wit and a small Old Bay Fry w/ Wiz. The sandwich was very messy (which some people like, I do not). Fries had way too much seasoning on them, but other than that, the meal was decent. A bit pricey, but all Philly Cheesesteaks are. I'd try it again.Was trying to find the cheesesteak place I remember coming to years ago, but stumbled across here instead.  Very happy I we did.  Cheesesteaks were excellent!  The bread was a big part of that.  Fries and milkshakes were also amazing.  Staff was friendly.  Definitely bookmarking Joe's Steaks for future visits.Service is great, friendly and really quick. The food is just bland. I've had cheesesteaks in many other places and none required the amount of salt, pepper, pickles and ketchup that this did. In the end, we didn't even finish them. Not worth the calories. Maybe it was once good, but it's barely passable now.Decent cheesesteaks and milkshakes, but it's expensive -- about as expensive as Wahlburgers. They have a limited cheesesteak menu -- without pizza steaks or long hot peppers. Their shake menu is pretty standard. For those that said this is a tourist dive, it is. I recommend tourists visit here to get a taste of the Fishtown vibe and grab a cheesesteak. However, there are far better places in Philadelphia for cheesesteaks. Try Reading Terminal and a few food trucks.Are you dreading being dragged to Pat's or Geno's because your non-veg sightseeing friend really wants a Philly cheesesteak? Come to Joe's! I was pleasantly surprised by their big, juicy, messy ol' vegan cheesesteak. You can split the SMALL size with a friend for $5.50 and still be full, with just enough room left over for a well-executed egg cream. A feast for mere pennies!Simply the best! Chinks has always been my favorite. Oops I mean "Joes"Because I live in the area and have grown up either on Philly or around Philly, I pretty much felt obligated to check out this new addition to Fishtown. 
Because I choose to eat a Paleo, gluten-free(GF) lifestyle, I was intrigued by their GF alternative roll. Normally, I wouldn't eat a cheesesteak these days because I try my darndest to eat Grass-fed meat only but I'm willing to make sacrifices sometimes out of convenience or because I just don't give a dam. I'm kidding about not caring but an exception may lead to more happiness and offset the quality of source and still lead to a long life :) 
Because they charged me $4 extra just for the GF roll, I will not be returning anytime soon.  I am normally by no means a miser and will quite often overpay for anything I deem quality. If it were a tasty gf roll and not the almost rock hard thing they gave us I might have been a bit more lenient or even might have not even mentioned it here. 
The steaks themselves were pretty good. Nothing exceptional, but above average I'd say. For comparison sakes, I'd say they are above Jim's on South Street and below Pat's in South Philly. Haha I kid you. Pat's is terrible but not as bad as Geno's. 
For real, below the old Original Dalesandro's. For those of you that remember those days, Dalesandro's was THE best. Meat tasted as if the cow was slaughtered to order. Amazing. Fresh roll. Mixed in cheese, not like most places that just slap the cheese or wiz on the roll. Ah those were the days. Before being sold and ruined :(
Honorable mention:  John's Roasted Pork makes a very good steak. 
Ok back to Joe's. 
My sig other had a chicken cheese steak. Besides the rock roll, she had few complaints. Might have even mentioned liking the flavor of the chicken and such. 
The lil kiddo had the hot dog with fries.  I happen to take a bite of the dog and it was fine. Something you might find at the ballpark. 
In Joe's defense the menu has the gluten-free roll listed at the bottom. It is listed by itself at $4 as if someone might order it by itself and by no means would you think it would be $4 extra added to a cheesesteak. Clarification is clearly necessary. 
Had I known it would have been that much extra, I would have opted to the regular roll and just eaten all the meat and cheese with a fork :) 
The decor is very nice and quaint. The bathrooms are small but adorable and remind me of the bathrooms on an airplane. 
Service was stiff at best. Our server was a little uptight to say the least but very attentive. 
Overall, I'm sure you would be satisfied as long as you don't eat Gluten-free Haha.This place was great! Delicious steaks, nice seating and friendly server. My fianc got a milk shake as well and said it was really good. We tried both the chicken and the steak, equally as good, and for a large it's pretty reasonably priced compared to the other steak shopsNice local cheese steak and dog place.  Very friendly, fast service, and fair prices.  Milkshakes also.  Bread for the steaks was very good, a key component.  Diner type decor with Muzak. Would def come back.Well it wasn't what I thought it would be like. The service was fantastic our server Dante was great, but was disappointed in the steak. It was dry and i would swear it was minute steak. Well one good thing was that while I was in there it brought me back to my youth when it was the Acropolis, good ol' Gus and Kathy. I thought it would have been better only three stars thoughHave brought a few out of town guests here for cheesesteaks, no frills byob. Food is goodOf all the cheesesteak opportunities in this town, Joe's is a bit of a disappointment, which is disappointing considering how awesome their predecessor, Chinks, was.  The bread is great but the meat is a little fatty/gristly.  They are of the old school chopped steak variety, btw.
Joes is set up more as a sit down restaurant that also serves steaks than as the more ubiquitous stand in line, get your sandwich and then figure out where to sit and eat set up that we are more accustomed to.
I love cheesesteaks but I do not feel the need to include this place on the tour.
Unrelated to cheesesteak but notable: they do not have bacon on the menu so their burgers are potentially lacking as well.Service was friendly had good vibes and it was clean. We ordered the original cheesesteak with a side of fries. The vanilla milkshake was spot on. The service was quick and the food was good. I would recommend it to a friend and if I were around I'll probably come back.I'm a vegetarian, so I got super excited when I saw that they had a vegan cheese steak. Ordered this with provolone instead of the vegan cheese. I really liked it! My friends tried it and they said they liked it more than their steak cheese steaks. I'm a fry lover and have to get french fries wherever I go. We shared a large between the 3 of us and couldn't finish it. They have a pickle bar which we went crazy over, lol. The service was really good. Cute spot to eat in. My friend got cheese whiz on her steak, but she wasn't obsessing over it. She was actually a bit disappointed. My food was good and I would def go back and reorder what I got.Came here late at night. Service was poor - they were out of small rolls so we 'had' to get large sandwiches (uhhh just cut the roll), we ordered cheese fries and didn't get any cheese, and the waiter didn't stop by for 15 minutes by which time we'd already eaten most of the fries. Still got charged for the cheese. 
Steaks are overpriced, but not too much. Good bread, standard steak, standard toppings. Fries were pretty limp and not great. Milkshake was delicious, though expensive.
Only reason to come here is that it is open late, otherwise just go to First Street Steaks around the corner.Only thing saving them is the cheesesteak. Do not dine in tho. Waitress couldn't careless about the food. Got A HAIR in the fries. And then no extra cheese when asked.. and instead of helping out.. she rather fight about it having extra.. that's like 2 out of many bad experiences with being inside for ten minutes. Food is good tho, just check before taking a biteIt was completely worth the drive from north Jersey. We ordered cheesesteaks, fries (plain and oldbay) with wiz on the side and a milkshake that was big enough to split, so we did.
It was DELICIOUS! our 21 month old got sick (not due to the food) and the staff was wonderfully understanding and kind. We will definitely be back on our next trip.Decent cheesesteaks and milkshakes, but it's expensive -- about as expensive as Wahlburgers. They have a limited cheesesteak menu -- without pizza steaks or long hot peppers. Their shake menu is pretty standard. For those that said this is a tourist dive, it is. I recommend tourists visit here to get a taste of the Fishtown vibe and grab a cheesesteak. However, there are far better places in Philadelphia for cheesesteaks.Went to Joe's last night for dinner. We were driving thru Philly on our way back to Chattanooga and wanted to try the best Cheesesteak and Joe's popped up on a Google search. We were closest to the original location (formerly known as Chinks Steaks) so we decided to stop there. 
Even though it closed at 8 and we arrived at 7:55, Joe unlocked the door and said "come on in". 
First, let me just say what an amazing/kind man and what a great/thoughtful staff they were. Even though we were there last minute, Joe cooked up some fresh beef (and chicken) cheesesteaks fresh for me and my family. I swear I thought this kindness and hospitality was only in the south. Well it's not. Thank you Joe for your hospitality. Go to Joe's for the best cheesesteaks (made from real sliced steak- never frozen) and stay for the kind staff. You won't be disappointed!First time grabbing a bite from Joe's and was very excited walking in the retro diner style eatery. The signs that read, Hand-cut fires, milkshakes, etc. were  designed in such a way that it reminded me of the Jetsons cartoon. Very cool. 
You are also immediately hit with the lovely sent of cheesesteaks being pepared; around noon there is already people stuffing their faces while talking at the same time. Amusing and fun to me but, also a good sign that the food is pretty good. 
I decided to take-out rather than eat in. I ordered a Mint chocolate chip milkshake and a small cheesesteak with onions. The milkshake was awesome, the right thickness and smooth. The cheesesteak was also pretty good and flavorful but, do wish the onions (which had a sweet taste) were cooked more. I did add a little of cajun seasoning from home. Gives it a spicy edge. Eating in you have a variety of sauces and a pickle bar available to you. Either way, thumbs up!We took the advice of a local and got cheesesteaks at Joe's. Everything was awesome. Crusty but soft bread, tender meat, just the right amount of cheese. The pickle bar was an added bonus.I know everyone says this about their cheesesteak spot, but Joe's is the actual best. I tried it for the first time today out of convenience and I'm entirely sold.Philly doesn't mess around when it comes to steaks. Although I've always been a fan of some of the other guys in town including John, Steve, and Tony Luke, Joe has really made a name for himself. Back in the day, when Joe went by another name (props to those who know who I'm talking about), I used to pay his Northeast location a visit from time to time. I loved the cheeseteaks, fries and the service; however, wasn't the biggest fan of the neighborhood. 
Thankfully, Philly now has a new Joe's location right in Fishtown. You can now enjoy one of the best steaks in the city of brotherly love and be just a few steps from the Fillmore, Johnny Brenda's, Frankford Hall, Barcade and a slew of other hip spots. I find myself in this neighborhood more frequently these days and my senses tell me that won't be stopping anytime soon...Had a large Cheesesteak with Whiz, American, and over easy egg and it was phenomenal.Fire cheesesteak! Great atmosphere and setting. Old bay fries a must! Very good cheesesteak avoid doing Pats or Geno. Come here for a better optionJoe's steaks is one of my favorite cheesesteak places in Philly! The meat is good quality, chopped but not shredded, and the melted provolone cheese and fried onions rock. We even order extra onions since they are so sweet. 
The place is right on Girard avenue next to Johnny Brenda's as featured in the recent Rocky Movie "Creed". It's clean, fresh and delicious!
Our waitress -  Amy was attentive, friendly, and knowledgable! I can't come here enough! Skip Pat's, Geno's, and Jim's, and come to Joe's!!!!Will singlehandedly restore your faith in the cheesesteak. Right next to the Girard stop along the MFL, set in the beautiful, burgeoning neighborhood of Fishtown, this steak shop is far better AND far less crowded than many of its more famous competitors (e.g Geno's, Pat's, Jim's). I will likely not be visiting any other steak shops as long as I live in Philly.We went on a Friday night at around 5:30. Not a lot of people were there. I order a whiz wit and my friend ordered a chicken American wit. We also ordered the old bay fries. 
It took a while for the food to be served. We were pretty hungry so we munched on the pickles from the pickle bar. We were told the chicken takes longer to cook and that's why it took that long. The steak was great and the roll was perfect. It's not a good cheesesteak without a great roll. The fries were the large crinkle cut kind. Very good!
I am giving it 3 stars because of how long it took for the food to get served and the price. $6 for a small and $8 for a large. The small was on a 6inch roll. It was good but I'm not sure it was worth $6 for the size? Even the regular soda was expensive. A sprite cost $2.50. And to put it in perspective with the fries, regular fries were 4.75. The old bay fries were 5.95. So it cost $1.20 to sprinkle old bay onto the fries. 
I will be back, sure but probably not too often.Wow, wonderful Staff, Great CheeseSteak and Crabby Fries lots of specialty soft drinks, floats egg creams and Birchbeer. Our waitress Amy was very friendly and reviewed or menu choices for our 9 year old great niece who wasn't certain what would satisfy all of her menu questions. What a tasty fresh lunch on New Years Eve in PhiladelphiaIt was good, but not great.  Pretty cool location, being a old style soda shop/diner.  It's also nice that the place is a bit bigger. If coming with a family, it will be easier to eat here then most of the other steak places. 
As for the actually sandwich, it's fine.  You may not be disappointed, but i doubt you will be blown away.  
The steak is missing something, either not enough fat in the meat, or lower quality meat.  Or maybe the meat was not salted enough, but it was missing something.  The bread is good, but i found it odd they did not cut the sandwich in half.   The bread outshines the steak, so if you are super bread person, there you go :).  The cheese and onions are on par, neither shinning or being terrible. 
They do have a pickle bar and milk shakes, both pluses for going.  
I will not be going back to Joes anytime soon, but if i was staying close and wanted a cheese steak and shake, it would do the trick.Finally tried Joe's cheesesteak and have to say was pleasantly surprised and satisfied by the flavor. They do dine-in with service or take out. 
I ordered a small cheesesteak with onions and wiz and my husband got a small cheesesteak with onions, mushrooms and provolone. Bread was crust and chewy, hearty amount of meat and onions with our choice of cheeses (seemed like there was less provolone on his vs mine with cheese wiz).
Also we ordered pizza fries which were a let down (not enough cheese that wasn't fully melted and too much tomato sauce) or else would have given them even a 3.5-4 star. 
If you dine in, there'sa pickles bar which is nice and self serve. 
Net, get your cheesesteaks with wiz and order fries with sauces on the side.I can only review the vegan options, so here goes...
Vegan cheesesteak is on point! It tastes like a chicken cheesesteak but the "cheese" is perfect. I usually have these with the old bay fries and I'm more than satisfied. They also give you the option to get the steak on a small roll so you don't eat yourself into a food coma. That's pretty considerate and makes me want to come back here more often without worrying about the after effects.
Vegan black bean is also consistently good. 
Service would be my only gripe about this place. Sometimes we go in and no one acknowledges us for a solid 10 minutes. Perhaps the staff is overwhelmed with other orders, but there are too many of them for that to happen all the time.I'm surprised this place doesn't have a higher rating. It's on par with the original location on Torresdale Avenue in my opinion. The steaks are huge. They use fresh rolls and don't skimp on quality meat. The service is always fast and friendly. The dining area is always clean and not usually crowded. This is my go to spot for a steak.Cheesesteaks are very subjective and everybody has an opinion. Unlike Pat's and Gino's - this place isn't a tourist trap. This place makes a damn fine philly cheesesteak. Wiz Wit is the only order you need to know. Pair this with some cheese fries and indulge in the pure feeling of bliss and later guilt. Even better after some drinks. Be a fat kid...go for it. You deserve this.Joe's is an absolutely solid choice for a cheesesteak. It's on the top tier in Philadelphia. 
The meat is always seasoned well, as are the onions, and the rolls are soft, but not chewy. The milkshakes are so good as well. If you go, expect to be full after the meal. 
The fries are really good here, too! Thick crinkle-cut fries that are crispy and great when fresh.
Overall, this place, both locations, are top-notch for cheesesteaks. I'm a huge fan.Cute little cheesesteak spot with seating. Definitely nice that you can actually sit and eat.
Free pickles with any order. Spicy!
I got a classic hot dog, good quality meat but too much bread.
My partner got the grilled cheese with fries inside - absolutely delicious!Came here on a recommendation from a friend for lunch on a Saturday. It wasn't packed at all and the waitress told us to sit anywhere (we were a party of 4)
We each ordered a large cheesesteak and a side of cheese fries and old bay fries.  I ordered mine with a combo of provolone and whiz, onions, and mushrooms. I probably would've been better off just getting whiz since I didn't really taste the provolone. Anyways the cheesesteak was DELICIOUS!! The bread was so soft and just the right amount to balance with the steak. The steak itself was hot and soft to chew.  The fried onions were so sweet - I wish I could've asked for extra!
The fries were crispy and a good portion for a group of 4. The old bay fries were on point and when we dipped it into the side of whiz, it was heavenly!
I also love the condiment section to the back of the restaurant - you can get whatever condiment fix you want and lots of it!!!  
Also I heard lots of reviews about their shakes so I couldn't leave without one! Ordered a black and white shake (my fav) to go and it was delicious and thick just the way I like it.
Overall we will definitely come back - love this place!The feel of it (location, design) adds to it all. Steaks are top notch, maybe not tier 1a of philly cheesteaks but definitely 1b. Specialty fries are good too!Joe's has been a pretty important part of my night time experiences in Fishtown, and I recently went during the day for the first time! They are one of the few cheesesteak places in Philadelphia that offer daiya vegan cheese, so they have options for vegans, vegetarians, and dairy free people as well. The large order of cheesesteak fries is so big, and they drape the fries with a massive amount of steak, onions, and daiya. I also tried the vegetable sandwich, which has great mushrooms, onions, and is super juicy with lots of cheese as well. They took away their dairy free milkshake, but the shakes here are large and so tasty! The cheesesteak isn't too fatty but the cut of the meat is great and satisfying to eat! The fries are crinkle cut, but they mesh well with the toppings, and checking out the pepper and pickle bar is always fun to customize your meal!Still the best cheesesteak in town just don't change anything can use a little more cheese and meat on the ends of the bones otherwise perfect cheesesteakBeen coming here for a while now... Cost a little more than usual but it's worth it.  Foods good.  I always order a large burger,can't go wrong.As far as employees? Customer service from the person on register taking the order is great. Of course the kitchen part is open & maybe they should lower their voices. 
Everytimeeeee it never fails  - ESP with the topic of conversations. Tones & language. 
P.S -pickles are DELISH!I felt pretty medium about this place. I usually say it's hard to tell steaks from one another but this place has a distinct taste- neither good nor bad just different. The bread had a harder shell than I've normally found- neither good nor bad just different. Didn't try the soda but watched how they are made- 2 large pumps of flavor syrup- seems to give it good flavor. Service was good. I always love a good pickle bar which they had. Overall... just eh? It was fine.Joes is the bomb always. Never had a bad sandwich. One of my favorite shops in Philly to grab a steak. 10/10 would definitely recommend to friends and fam.Much as truly authentic NYC pizza is hard to find out of NYC but is something of a commodity in the city, same thing with Philly cheeses in Philly. This place is authentic, to this out of towner its pretty much the same as a number of other places. Minus a star because they were out of small rolls on thursday, so I had to get a large, although it was delish and the leftovers made a nice snack.I really really hated this cheesesteak. The meat was dry, bland and unsalted. It was sour tasting. There were other unpleasant flavors I was experiencing in certain bites which I can not pinpoint what it was that I was tasting, I only know that it tasted bad. I like to order cheesesteak hoagies. Even the lettuce and tomato tasted bad. I threw most of it out.Yum. Yes, I was a little drunk from happy hour....but this hit the spot. Cheesesteak = great!  Old Bay fries with cheese to dip = great! Pickle Bar in the back = great! Super quick service, it's clean inside, and it's in a prime locationThe perfect place to go after a show at the Fillmore !    Good food and a fast paced environment.Joe's is one of my favorite steaks shop and I only like about 3. 
The inside of the restaurant is decorated with retro decor and allows you to dine in or do takeout. 
They sell steaks, chicken cheesesteaks, and even vegan cheese steaks. They also have burgers, fries, milkshakes and more on their menu. I usually order my sandwich in the small instead of the large with a small fries and I always leave satisfied and full.
My favorite part of the shop is the pickle bar. It's that unique part of the restaurant that keeps you coming back. I personally love pickles and their pickles are so good I always add them to my food. The pickle bar has their house made spicy pickles, jalapenos, sliced peppers,relish, and verious condiments. 
I'm not from Philly but I lived there for 4 years and I would recommend Joes as an option for steaks!Rachel, Maria, and Sierra are the best people I've ever met. Amazing service and amazing foodI only come here for cheesesteaks in Philly. It's so addicting. Their wiz is out of this world. I've driven all the way there from central/northern Jersey just to eat here. It has a 50s diner atmosphere with friendly staff but none of these things even matter once you start eating your sandwich. The honey mustard chicken fries are a meal in itself - be warned HUGE portion.I grew up with Joe's (chinks) and this place is obviously not the same as the OG. The food and service is not as good as the OG but it's not bad! The steaks and shakes are good and of course the pickle bar is great!Great food and great service! I got a cheese steak after a long day of travel and it's was DELICIOUS! Also ordered their old bay fries with cheese wiz. An excellent meal. The server was very attentive and had great suggestions!My oh my! After a drunken night in Fishtown, I walked over to Joe's Steaks. There was a line and it was raining outside but when you're drunk, you do what you have to do for food. After about a 15 minute wait, I finally got in. The order process was fairly simple. Didn't require any of that "whiz, wit" nonsense that I've heard about. I'm usually not a big fan out of canned cheese aka cheese whiz at least I didn't think I was. But boy was I wrong. It was so freaking delicious. My homeboy got a cheesesteak too and it had fries and cheetos on it. Sound insane I know but we both killed our sandwiches. I returned about 2 weeks later sober I might add and again indulged in the cheesesteaks. Leave Pats alone, leave Genos alone, come here if you're looking for a delicious cheesesteak. 
Street parking seemed nonexistent so that's the only downfall. I was able to park in a "violators will be towed" parking lot however nearby and I made it back safely. Awesome milkshakes too btw but a little pricey.Oh man these guys just moved up in my rankings in where to get a great cheesesteak. I think I qualify as an aficionado in this department seeing I've had a few here and there. Nothing better than a 1400 calorie induced cheesy meat filled goodness to set the mood my friends.  
For all you tourists who come to Philly hitting up Genos, Pat's and Jims keep on going there for that sub par crap. True Philadelphians know where the best quality is at, and Joe's you're a part of it.     
I LOVE a great steak joint, that doesn't need the all those advertisements  that others depend on. Joe's (formerly known as Chinks) has been doing it right ever since he opened up his first shop in 1949 in the great North East part of the city. His second location has been around since 2015 in Fishtown has been killing it like a boss there too. 
What makes a great sammy? Some say it's the ingredients and prep work. Others say its the establishment  and traditions behind it. My friends it is all about that bread, the foundation behind it. That is where you start this masterpiece, and Joe's has it my friends. Yes the tradition is important, and they follow it to the "T" but it starts with the choice of bread. 
Picture this kiddies, fresh sliced rib-eye waiting to be thrown on that grill. Perfect marbleized cut after cut of that rib-eye will give you that great flavor with every bite. Now that I gave you somewhat of a visual of the quality type of meat to expect, lets go a little further. Biting into your masterpiece will put a sense of fulfillment, knowing that quest for a perfect top notch sandwich has been found. What better way to wash this down? Order their chocolate coke for the win. You're welcome.
In closing Joe's gives you another reason why one should visit the Fishtown area.
With kind regards
-NandoLove the food here. Just wish the phone line for pick up was more efficient. Usually have to go to the restaurant to just place the order. Staff doesn't seem to answer the phone for orders.Very good cheesesteak.   
Loved it.  
Great service. 
Amazing shakes.  The Cinnamon Toast Crunch Shake was very good & unique. 
Why 4 stars ?
The only reason I didn't give the full 5 stars is because there are a couple other cheesesteak places I liked better.  
But this place rocks!  I will def go back.Been to Philly twice this year and tonight we tried Joe's Steak & Soda Shop after reading the reviews.....well they were dead on!!! Amazing food, atmosphere, and all around experience. The staff was great and the food matched. Definitely will be back when in Philadelphia in the future.This was a great place to grab a quick sub for pretty cheap!
Bill was $12 after tax/tip for a huge sub with extra toppings (one down-side, they start off cheap but charge for toppings like lettuce/tomato, onions, mushrooms, etc). Two of us split one and it was plenty of food for lunch. 
ALSO they have a pickle bar with regular pickles, pickled onions, hot peppers, sweet peppers, etc! This was a great way to add a little more flavor to the hoagie. 
Everyone was very nice. Service was a little slow, but that's because there was only one server for the whole restaurant - would maybe choose to carry out next time instead.Great place to eat when in Philadelphia. 
Vintage Americana Eating! 
We enjoyed the visit from Staten IslandAlthough the locals may have it pegged better than Genos or Pats, the kitchen can't keep up with demand. What good is a cheesesteak if it comes up 30 mins later?So good it brings tears to my eyes just thinking about it. The Philly cheesesteaks here are perfection. Gooey cheese wiz, onions and flavorful beef. Mmm. I recommend getting extra wiz on the side if you're feeling extra indulgent. I was happy to find that the beef didn't have any of those chewy fatty bits that I sometimes find in cheesesteaks. We also ordered cheese fries and a strawberry milkshake. All delicious and huge (we shared one of each and were stuffed). 
The ambiance had a chill divey old school diner feel, and service was friendly and laid back. Perfect cheesesteaks experience.You would not think it (certainly not me), but this hole in the wall joint in Fishtown makes one heckuva good cheesesteak (and milkshake). The price and quality of the product is unbelievable and unbeatable.
The interior reminds me of a West Coast surf-shop, with the sandwiches served on paper and the super relaxed atmosphere from the customers. 
The location is perfect too, as it is only half a block away from the Girard subway station on the Market-Frankford line. That is what I call saving money!
When I tasted the milkshake with the cheesesteak, it was the perfect blend. Nothing left out and nothing to feel sorry for. It was like two sinners meant for each other. Let them have it. It just makes for an incredibly dangerous and sinful combo waiting to burst.
If I had to nitpick on the restaurant, I will on two things. The wait staff was pretty curt when I asked them questions, and the pickles at the pickle bar were just a bit too tart. I thought this would reflect their take on the meat, but I was wrong. Go easy on the brine fellas!
All that being said, the size of the milkshake is well above average. I think anybody there would gain 1-2 pounds just ordering here. Thank goodness I did not get fries! But I think now I have said... too much. Go try it out!Always come back here whenever we're in Philly for the cheesesteaks and the shakes! I like the style of the restaurant and the food is always great. The fries are always so fresh and crispy and the shakes are so good! Their cream soda is also one of my favorites!All there is to say about Joe's: Best cheesesteak in the city. I never order whiz from other places but need to here as the whiz is incredible and tastes like actual real cheese and not the fake stuff. Perfect after a night out at the Garage or Frankford HallFood is decent, atmosphere is okay, service is terrible. We ordered fries with our sandwiches and finally asked about them half way through our meal. They were ready just never brought out. Also asked for egg on my burger and that didn't happen either. 
If you feel like having decent burgers or cheesesteak served by people that don't give a shit, you're all good. Otherwise i recommend sticking to take out.Apparently they just leave the phone off the hook so you can't place an order until you drive a half hour across the city and order in person. RidiculousIf you're looking to ruin your workout with a decadent and satisfying meal, Joe's is worth every cheesy calorie. The keys is to come hungry - and don't think too much about it.
I came here for National Cheesesteak Day (because there's a day for that, apparently). There weren't any specials or discounts, but that didn't stop me from going whole hog. There is a pretty vast menu given the retro simplicity of their small, packed location. Remember what I said a few sentences ago? Don't think about it. Order what your heart desires. You can't go wrong with their classic cheesesteak, in 6" or 10", with any combination of American, Provolone, and/or Whiz. In my opinion, Joe's offers one the better cheesesteaks in the city. Top it off with a shared order of crinkle cut fries (and cheese on the side, duh) and a specialty soda (free refills!) or milkshake. The only bad decision is depriving your stomach from what it wants. While I wouldn't eat here frequently, because it's just SO heavy, rich, and caloric, it's truly a treat to my sodium and sugar obsessed palate. Wear your stretchy pants.
The prime real estate on the corner of Girard and Frankford in Fishtown combined with their long hours of operation (open until 3AM on Fridays and Saturdays!) make this a popular food stop. It's never NOT busy, but some times are busier than others. If you're lucky, you can grab a booth or table. You can also take it home or across the street to Garage Fishtown, a bar that encourages you to "Bring Your Own Cheesesteak." The trolley and MFL drop you right where you need to be, but parking nearby is a toss-up.Okay steak shop. Nothing special about it. I would say that it is very inconsistent on portions and on quality of the steak. Sometimes I get it and it's very chewy. Staff is very friendly. Atmosphere is nice. I'll keep going back.Overall i would give the sandwich a 6/10. I would give it a 5/10 because all of the condiments you have to go over to a station and put it on you're sandwich yourself and the condiment station was disgusting. Secondly the steak was chewy as heck and the sandwich was over cooked and dry. It was the first thing I've eaten all day so of course i destroyed it. I would compare it to eating a box of pop-eye biscuit without a hint of water . Staff was nice though. But it blew my mind i didn't know it was even remotely possible to mess up a cheesesteak . Also the cheese was horrible...tasted like boxed up old Mac and cheese sauce . Y'all gotta do better !Went there for the first time last night, great cheesesteak! Friendly staff! Thanks for having me!My first philly cheesesteak, was known as Chink's back then. Large Portions, tastes great, very friendly staff, top quality product! Never had a bad experience here, will keep coming backYeah this place is a legit Philly cheesesteak location. But for me the golf is their chix steak made outa fresh cubes chicken breast. Makes you feel all healthy and shit pounding a cheesesteak at 230amGood, but they don't tell you how much it really is, i ordered a veggie sandwich which was advertised as $5.50, but they didn't tell me that the lettuce, tomato, mushroom, and marinara was extra bringing up the total to $8Came to this place cause I saw it had gluten free options and it was great! The sandwiches are super filling so unfortunately I didn't have room for a shake. I did have a cherry coke and it tasted amazing. You should definitely check this place out.Such a cute retro style place. Went here to grab our first cheeses steak sandwiches after having just arrived. The place was jam packed, but managed to get a seat. Once we sat down it started to pick up even more. Their vanilla soda is amazing! I got their vanilla shake and that was amazing too. The cheese steaks were okay to say the least. I wish it has some sort of sauce in it because it was kinda dry. But it was good.The cheesesteak sandwich was really good. They have a really good pickle and peppers bar too. They were really busy but they accommodated our group of six people pretty quickly. They even asked people to switch sitting or to slide down in order for us to sit at a table.  Some in group ordered milkshakes and said that they were really good. Also, if you are with a group order large fries don't do individual orders of fries because you will end up with a lot of fries if everyone orders fries. We ordered two large fries and that was enough for us plus you need room for your sandwich. I would go there again. Our staff person was really nice and helpful. Also, the chicken sandwich on the menu is not your regular chicken sandwich it is fixed like the cheesesteak sandwich.The one that ordered that sandwich said it was good. I liked that it was in walking distance from where we were staying.Long ass wait time...wasn't feeling the staff..but the cheesesteak & old bay fries were on point..the prices were good as well!