Went here with the homie Shannon. Had the vegan cheesesteak. It was good but it was a lot of bun. Fries and beers were on point, I had a cider of some sort.  They had a nice big list of beers on special. They have the menu up on chalkboard and was told they change their menu often, so will be going back in the future. We sat at a booth that had cool lights in the table that changed color. Parking is kind of tight but usually something on Frankford. Divey.I love johnny brendas but the door man is an asshole. Said he was gonna fuck me up while I was waiting for a ride out front after he wouldnt let me in. Got agressive. Pushed and threatened me right outside the door. Not the first time this guy got aggressive. Managment really needs to keep an eye on how he treats patronsPoor quality food overall.  We had a chicken caesar salad and a lamb pasta special and neither was acceptable for a restaurant.  The lamb pasta dish was a little cold too, like it had been sitting in the kitchen for a couple hours.  
Despite poor food, the location on the corner was good and the tables right on the street were nice to sit at.  
I would return here for beer and music but I'll never, ever, eat here again at any price.Great service in a vibrant atmosphere. This place is attitude free. Simple menu with a great selection of beers on tap & a full bar - there's Evan a pool table. The room is open an aromatic - smells of specialty cocktails & me u specials fill the air. Not the best spot for a "first date" - a bit too loud - but EXCELLENT when y'all know each other & wanna have a great time!I love this place. I have yet to come see a show here, but every time I come for drinks with a group of friends we have a great time. The atmosphere is cool and the drinks are good. 
Why the two stars? Unfortunately, every time, the experience with the service at the bar is very frustrating. 
I've obviously been to crowded bars, and I know it gets hectic and it can take a while to get the bartender's attention. At JB though, each time, I get the impression the girls behind the bar are purposely being rude. I've stood there trying to get their attention, while they reorganize the ketchup bottles behind the bar. 
From now on, my strategy is to send my boyfriend to the bar as it seems guys get the bartenders' attention more quickly. And I'll keep my tip until the attitude changes.It's a dive bar that has decent drinks and pool tables. There's some outdoor seating. It's a good stop when bar hopping and located right on girard avenue really close to the train station.I must say, I've become quite smitten with Johnny Brenda's.  I think the only place where I'm more likely to be found is in my own house.  And, ok, maybe my boyfriend's apartment.  Maybe.
I've mostly used Johnny Brenda's as a place to have a few beers while checking out a show.  The upstairs opened last fall and since then I've seen a good number of shows.  I haven't been disappointed by any of them.  The space is what I consider to be a perfect size for a show.  There isn't a place in front of the stage where you'd have a bad view, and it's a wonderfully intimate setting.
The beer selection is pretty fabulous (as you would expect from the people who also own Standard Tap), and it's also reasonably priced.  Both things I greatly appreciate.
The bar kind of has multiple personalities.  Downstairs has all the hallmarks of a local dive bar: the floors are linoleum, the tabletops are always sticky, and there are even a few neon lights.  I love it.
Then you go upstairs where the floors are all hardwood, the bar is well designed with accent lights everywhere, and there's even a partial third floor balcony overlooking the stage.  I love upstairs even more.
I also have to give my vote for Best Women's Bathroom to the 2nd floor of Johnny Brenda's.  There are more stalls than you could ever need, there are multiple mirrors (including a full length).  Also, the lighting, sinks, and fixtures are gorgeous.
Now I just need to get in on some of that brunch.  Man, do I love brunch.This used to be my favorite bar. 
Seriously... It was every-evening-after-work-sitting-at-the-bar-alone-with-a-book-and-eating-some -scrumdiddlyumptious-fried-shrimp-and-drinking-tasty-brew favorite. 
The food is still really good (though not 5 star good anymore), the drinks are still reasonably priced, and the staff is still nice. But since they added the upstairs, expanded into the building next door and added a brunch, they've become too busy/popular/trendy for their own good. 
It's still a really fun place to go, especially if you like crowded nightclubs filled to the brim with hipsters and indie-rocker wannabes. But I really miss the simple drunken joy of the old JB's.
Oh yeah, the modified Budweiser sign over the juke box made to say "dive bar"  no-longer applies.
EDIT (May 7, 2008):
I just went there last night and found out that the Yard's Philly Pale Ale is now $4.50... that requires me to take away a star. If the rest of Philly starts charging more than $3 for a Yard's, then I will give them their 3 stars back.
Maybe not. I doubt I'm going back (unless an awesome band plays a show there).I love this place! The food is so good from dinner to desert A+ the booths are cozy and with the windows open you can't ask for a better night. Service is right on, great selection of drinks.I have been here at least a hundred times for dinner and/or drinks over the past 5 years. I feel as though I have watched it fluctuate as far as it's food quality is concerned. It's a hit or miss, sometimes it's fantastic and other times, I'm let down. 
Because of dietary restrictions I feel the menu is quite limiting, wish there were more veg/vegan options, not a place I can frequent as much as I'd like but it definitely hits the spot when my stomach growls and I'm not feeling cooking and washing dishes!Great music venue. Food is fantastic and cheap! They don't have any bottled beer which is not good.Meh. This is a great bar to go and relax.....and thats about it. I used to drink there all the time, then realized that no one ever looked like they had fun. Everyone just went there to talk it seemed. 
The beer selection and prices were steller. Food was good, but very expensive.
A good bar to bring a date too, but don't expect her to be impressed.Decent venue, can see the stage week from most places , there is a balcony and bar upstairs to see down onto stage as well. The flow is stupid though, not much room to walk around and people are constantly pushing by to get to bar or bathrooms and spilling drinks in the process. Speaking of , I thought the price of said drinks was really high for what you get. So overall would go back but watch where I stand and maybe not visit the bar that often.Upon reading Kristin G's ROTD (and then abigail l's, per her recommendation), I feel the need to re-review JB's.
LOSE THE ATTITUDE, some of you. I hatehatehateHATE to order from the bar downstairs. 4 out of 5 times, I get the bitchy bartenders. One of them actually said to me "What do you want?" with a sigh, like I was bothering her. I want a g-d beer, that's what I want. 
And yes, there are some fantastic bartenders (one of them I think was in an acting class with me). A+ to you, nice bartenders, keep up the good work. 
I, like many others on Yelp, have worked in the food service industry. Yes, it kind of sucks, but TIPS PAY YOU. I won't tip you well if you don't treat me well.Sat outdoors this evening. Gregg was our waiter - amazing service with a smile. Our party of three had hangar steak, scallops, pesto eggplant, bread pudding, lemon chess tart, coffee. All delicious.i had a good cuban sandwich here but their beer list is more than a little annoying. I have a problem with this ipa/hops trend, that causes places like this to have maybe 2  or 3 non hoppy beers out of over 10! Everything else: ipa ipa hops hops. Even the saison I got was lightly spiced and heavily hopped, should have known as it was a victory. Oh well, not a place I'm going to go to for beer but they have great shows and solid food.JB's has a lot going for it, yet still comes across as an extremely annoying spot.  It's by far the best music venue in town, supporting local and big name artist in an intimate setting with pretty decent sound, yet you feel like a herd of cattle due to one badly designed aspect of the upstairs.  When you first walk into the top floor, there is an open area with an elongated bar stretched out to the right on the wall.  To get to the stage area, you have to pass through the huddled mass of irritated people attempting to grab a beer, throwing aside any sense of politeness out of the necessity to not waste an entire night wrangling to get a single drink.  The bar extends past a wall that divides the stage area, and the passageway between the two is barely big enough for an emaciated hipster.  Be prepared for awkward avoidance dancing in this bottleneck.  If you aren't forceful, you'll never get through.
The stage isn't that big, but like I said, very intimate for viewers and bands alike.  They can put on some pretty neat light shows when they feel randy, but it doesn't happen often. 
I'm pretty certain the food is freezer stored for long periods of time, because it barely has any taste.  It's not the worst bar food out there, but it's certainly not the best.  It's more useful as a booze absorber than a wakening of the taste buds.
There's not much you can do about the clientele you attract, especially when you live in a part of town that is being overrun by cookie cutter "I'm too lazy to care" socialites, but staffing your establishment with people that don't act like it's a burden to serve you might be a good start.
JB's will have a strong following because they are the best at what they offer, which isn't so much a testament to JB's as it is a lack of options for Philly.I really like this place.  The atmosphere inside has always been easy going cool.  I've found the staff to be nice, friendly, though maybe not overly service oriented.  But that's nice.  I've never been ignored and nor have I ever felt pressured or bothered.  I love that they support our local brewers, that's a nice touch.  The food has always been good and fairly interesting.  And now with the upstairs music venue, there's even more to like, if not love.  My only complaint with Johnny's is that it has become too popular and therefore too crowded.  But, poof, they've expanded, so that shouldn't be a problem anymore.  Can't wait to stop in and find out.visited this little watering hole on sunday 5/5/13....acually i just came acrossed it walking in the area...........very impressed.....cozy little dive bar, nice people, cute inside....antique-e....all pretty much original.....nice little dining area...pool table also......local and micro beers only....a nice change....sorry budweiser....i only had beers here but the food coming out looked real good.....the female manager was very nice and gave us the run down of the history of the bar,,,,lots of spanish music playing (for cinco de mayo)...i was just very impressed...had fun for the couple of hrs. i was there....they also had some seating outside and the svc. was quick but laid back.....my kind of place.........would i be back//....DEFINITLY!!!....................ps  clean toilets and no  TV's....a nice plus..as .i allways say .if you want to watch tv....stay homeGood cooking and Awesome shows, pretty down to earth type of people.
Prices is good, bathroom is clean.Are you a shittastic waitress with attitude?  Have you been fired from multiple waitressing jobs?  Apply for a job at Johnny Brenda's- apparently these are the prerequisites for hiring.  UGH!!!! 
So why three stars? 
a. It's close to my house
b. I like the feel and look of the place
c. A few bartenders are pretty awesome
d. The shows here are amazing, I wish I could review the upstairs separately. 
Now let's get down to why I hate it here: the dining area.  I'm not sure that I have ever had a good experience here in the four or so years I've been going but JB's proximity to my house has caused to me to continue trying.  This past Friday was the last straw.  I was hungry and meeting my husband for an after work beer.  It had been a while since we'd eaten here so the memories of shitty service were repressed and buried deep down in my brain.    A few of our friends met us and we were seated in a booth- much to my friend Kelly's dismay as she prefers to sit and eat at the bar, a mantra I will now follow.  
We sat and ordered a second round of drinks.  My husband ordered a second Kenzinger.  It came and he tasted it proclaiming it did not taste like a Kenzinger or it tasted like the lines were dirty.  A friend at the table tasted it and agreed.  When our waitress returned he let her know and she argued with him that Kenzinger tastes bad, asking had he ever had one before.  We explained that he ordered one at the lower bar and it tasted fine (and that he likes Kenzinger and maybe you shouldn't talk shit on a local beer that  you serve in your bar asshole)  but since this beer came from the upper bar that maybe the lines were dirty or something else was off.  She kept arguing with him even questioning if his first order had been a Lionshead and not a Kenzinger before she finally took it away and got him something different.   WHY ARGUE?!? What point are you proving here? Just shut the eff up and take it back.  Seriously it's like they train people to be shitty servers here.  
So on to the food- it was fine but hot damn if it's not expensive and lacking in portion size and taste for the prices.  The menu seems to have expanded lately, which makes me really happy save for the fact that the prices are a little ridiculous.  The sides board lists collard greens, brussels sprouts and spinach for $5.50 each.  What? I was half  tempted to order one just to see the portion size.  I opted for the vegetable focaccia.  It was good, with goat cheese, roasted peppers, eggplant and squash.  It was also a pretty big portion for $7.  I also ordered the smashed potatoes- very tasty.  I got pretty lucky with my crazy people dinner.  My husband had an $8 grilled cheese- nothing special and it was served with a tiny little portion of potato chips.  The menu is written on a chalk board so there are no explanations for any of the food.  I kind of hate this a lot.  I know it's better for the environment and it's easy to erase or add something from a board but I just hate that I am required to speak to the wait staff any more than necessary.  
Ok so to top off our awesome experience my friend ordered dessert to go.  She opted for the hazelnut cheesecake.  It came out in a large tin container along with the check.  We all marveled at it swimming around in the container.  It was, with no exaggeration smaller than a post-it note and it was $5.  We were all "hell no" and once the waitress returned we requested it be taken back and off of the bill.  Another argument ensued.  Wow.  The waitress "explained" that the cheesecake was very rich and so the portions were smaller.  My friend held her debit card next to the slice and showed the waitress how the debit card was larger than the slice.   I have no idea how you even get a slice of cheesecake to be that small, seriously, how does one cut a slice so small? Or was it made in a teeny tiny spring form pan? 
So in summation (sorry it was so long but I do love to bitch!) go here for a pint, upstairs for a show with gorgeous sound or food at the bar only unless you're in the mood for an argument.Johnny Brendas Score: 19
Burger Quality: 4
Bun: 5
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 4
2 Sentence Review: Solid burger and fries...better presentation then you expect, like Timberlake.  Funky vibe, so-so service and dark (bring girls that eat carrots).  
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)Being a huge fan of the Standard Tap, in Northern Lib I was very excited about moving to Fishtown down the street from their sister bar. While it is a compatible venue, there is definitely a different vibe with it's own ups and downs. The bar has an early to mid twenties hipster crowd mostly, but you see quite a variety of people in there. Like the tap, the beer is all micro brews, however they don't rotate their selection much. The kitchen is pretty good and now that they expanded the place, there is actually room to eat. If for one reason and one reason only you go to JB's; go to see a concert here. They have an incredible venue for music upstairs. If all you've seen is the downstairs you will most likely will not be very impressed. The biggest downfall of JB's is a few bad apples in the staff. Recently this had gotten better. I think someone finally realized that snubbing customers is bad for business. I used to literally order a round every time I saw the bartender. because they would disappear in to the back for a half hour at a time. Then, when they came back they would play with their cell phone for another ten minutes ignoring everyone at the bar. Like I said though. It seems like the past few months the bar as undergone a night and day change. I see a lot of new faces in the staff, so perhaps this is no longer an issue.
5 stars for the upstairs, three stars for the downstairs. All in all, 4 stars.Their craft beers are so good, I have never tasted such a good craft beer for a long time. However, their food size is so small and overpriced.This may be my favorite place to see a show, from the balcony, natch.  It's small and there is not a bad place to be.    I was hesitant to go because it's in FRIGGIN FISHTOWN but now that i see how close it is to the El, and that I don't have to wander too far all over the place, I will go back again and again.This place put Fishtown on the map for those who didn't grow up in the River Wards.  It's my "corner bar" and I couldn't ask for a better one. 
Pros: great, gritty feel inside; amazing upstairs music venue that showcases acts that usually would be in a much larger venue; food that is better than you'd expect to find in a bar BY FAR; servers will get to know you and remember your "usuals"; great variety of music; most nights it's not hard to find a table.
Cons: menu doesn't change a lot (which should only matter to those of us that go there 3 times a week!); some of the bartenders aren't super friendly and/or quick but they'll usually get replaced very quickly; can be very, very cold in there at times so bring a jacket and scarf you don't mind leaving on.I like to believe I live a rock'n'roll lifestyle. It's places like this that keep fueling this fantasy life. But I'll get to that later.
There is really great food here. And it is relatively cheap. Take, as case in point, my experience last night: I got a nice little sandwich and a beer before the show I went to see and it was only $10.80. Also, it arrived really fast, and the bartender that served it was really sweet. It honestly makes me wish I lived closer to go more often and get every damn thing on the constantly changing menu. 
Back to the rock lifestyle. This is a dope place to watch a show. The room isn't that large, so it's intimate, without being cramped. I've enjoyed shows on the main level as well as the balcony, and I must admit, I think the balcony makes me feel like I am at the back room at Max's Kansas City circa 1972. I am probably totally wrong about that, but this is my fantasy world, people. I'll just keep dreaming and rocking out.Let's just say this is the place I want to go to when I feel like not only relaxing but also drinking myself into a humble mess. The food is amazing, the drinks on tap superb. Whodda thunk that the once place I'd rather be chilling at when it comes to only food and beer would only be that of fishtowns finest.
The whole place is dimly lit, relaxing to those who want to just sink away into their seat and forget their nearby diners existence. It's so relaxed there you almost want to just light up a cigarette and start smoking sure that no one around you would even pay mind to the second hand smoke they're about to ingest. lol. The bands that play there are great, we enjoy just being able to go out and relax.
The food, wow. I had the fishtown stew and I just talking about it now leaves me craving it. The shrimp came out Jumbo and plenty. Mussels perfectly cooked, stew flavorly filling. 
I think I might just have to make a trip down to fishtown now.....
a must go.Considering I nearly passed out the first time I came here, everything was pretty good. Friendly bartenders and waitresses, nice crowd and ambiance, and quite a decent beer selection. Lovely menu, too. If you're not in a good mood when you walk through the door, you'll be in one within a few minutes of chilling out here.
I'll definitely have to come back and update this review when I'm a little more sober.Let me preface this by saying only that I LOVE THIS BAR.
With that said, I do not like the food here.  I used to love the sandwiches and shoestring fries, but now it seems that the ciabatta bread is way too dense and hard to balance the sandwich innards, which just get lost.  The fries are not as signature as they used to be.  The desserts were always a bit of a hit or miss for me, but when they had bread pudding a couple of years ago, I was a happy camper.  It was damn exquisite.
What I love here is the beer selection, always local and on draft, and the atmosphere.  Although it's not my favorite food on the planet, you can't fuck with a decent hummus plate to go with those Pale Ales.
And another thing - 3 bucks for a Lionshead?  Come on, man.  The stuff is piss-tastic at best.  I'll stick with whatever's in the 4-5 dolla range.
I still give the place 4 stars, based on just the good times I've had as soon as I've stepped through the door.  For me, Johnny Brenda's exudes the very essence of what a Philly beer bar should aspire to be.  They just need to work on that little detail...you know - the fucking food.This review is for JB's Brunch specifically. Though I'm sure my review of their bar/music scene would be positive as well. 
First off, our waitress was great. Totally sweet and attentive. Even when she corrected my pronunciation of the menu board's "Chiquilles"...I'm actually not even sure if I spelled that right. My dining buddy and I had the: 
oyster stew, whiskey donut, chiquilles, pork belly & grits, and a side of spinach. It sounds like a lot of food because it was a lot of food. I'm proud to say we held our own though. 
The oyster stew was very good, not too creamy. The whiskey donut was cute (yep) and you don't feel like they've robbed you of the middle hole like those thieves at Dunkin Donuts and every other donut establishment in the world. It truly tastes like whiskey, and that little munchkin donut hole tastes like a straight shot. It's a rather clever concept. Our brunch entrees were great, the pork belly dish being the better of the two. Chiquilles is like Hueveos rancheros with a ton of tortilla layers. Good day after drinking dish I'd say. 
I would definitely come back here for brunch. I like that their menu deviates from the traditional Benedict & french toast theme.Best sound in the city.  JB's sound techs and setup produce the best concert experience there is.  With multiple bars and a gallery overlook area, JB's is a premier concert destination.  Numerous local beers are on tap and rotate through.  They are all reasonably priced.  Super friendly bar staff.   Cheap concert tickets.  Great food served till 1 am.  I have yet to have have a bad experience here and I've been well over 20 times.  Highly recommended.I just love this bar. Always a chill environment, easy to have a conversation, and the juke box rocks. Good beer selection, which is always a top priority. Most selections are local, which is nice to see supported. Diverse crowd, off all ages. 
I've not eaten here, and it's cold right now so the outside area isn't relevant. I've heard the food is very good. Maybe sometime I'll try it.Regular visits for 2 years past 3 visits have been worse then the previous. Same menu for 10 months...worst meal I've had in a long time... To full of ur self Johnny.  Bye byeGreat bar and a great staff.  This place is a Philly Staple.  If you are in the area, you have to pop in and check it out.Johnny Brenda's has a small dive bar/concert space upstairs filled with...fog?  Not sure what that was but it wasn't cigarette smoke.
Show up early for your concert if you want a good spot on the mezzanine. I was up on my toes peeking between people all night. Good concert. Ok beer selection. Discovered that "local" beer doesn't necessarily mean "good" beer. 
I'd go back for a concert though. Such an intimate space.Johnny Brenda's is great but gotta say those two dudes who wouldn't lift me up so i could crowd surf during Purling Hiss were a bunch of prudes.JBs is the triple threat of Philadelphia. Great food. Great drinks. Great live music. All with a level of service you won't get anywhere else in the city.My grad school friend and I went there last night. It wasn't too crowded and there was a really cool pool table. The waitress was nice and the Catfish sandwich was delicious. My friend and I were raving about the delicious fries. I definitely would love to go back there!This is Fishtown's finest.  An absolutely gorgeous music venue upstairs, and a cool, cozy bar downstairs.  What else do you need?
Haven't been in there since, August?  But the hummus is absolutely wonderful, and the Mako kebabs were ridiculous.  Great selection of beers on tap.This place is quintessential Philadelphia to me- I have only been here once so far (my office moved in down the street), but many of my friends and co-workers love the music scene and late nights at this place. I came for lunch with a group of 10 people yesterday, we were seated quickly (there were maybe a dozen other patrons eating lunch inside and a handful more on their outdoor tables along Girard). They had a cool beer selection, which most of my group ordered (and arrived at the table within 5 minutes). 
Their food menu is small but diverse- hummus plate, fresh oysters, etc for appetizers, steak & blue cheese salad, fried haddock sandwich and burgers for menu items. At least half of my table got the fried haddock sandwich which they were in love with, although they said the ciabatta bread (a harder bread) was an odd pairing for the fried fish. I had one of their specials-salmon hash with fried eggs and toast-and holy moly was it good. The whole experience was extremely quick for a group our size. 
The decor inside is really just average and there didn't seem to be any sort of particular type of establishment they were trying to go for downstairs. The back of the menu had their music line up for the month, and they seem to be best known for that-but it's still a good place to grab lunch if you're in the area and looking for a hipster, no-nonsense place with great food.Stopped here before heading to the pier for a concert. Wasn't too bad. Our server was nice. The food was good. We liked the beet dip and the fish was good. Just wish portions were a little bigger for the price.One of the top 3 venues for live music in Philly, in terms of set up and acts they bring in.  Reasonably priced beers.  Love this place.Cool place to see a show. Had a bite to eat downstairs first. Food and beer were good. Service sucked.  Show was awesome.meh.  I really like johnny brendas and I kneeewww there was a reason that I hadn't sat at a table there in a long table - simply because it ALWAYS sucks.  
I couldn't avoid sitting at a booth there last week because I was with 5 of my good friends...sitting at the bar on a friday night when you all want to eat just doesn't work....to crowded and you really can't talk to each other.  Without getting into details (If you want some good ones read abigail "rabbit rabbit" l.'s review) service was very slow and generally not good(semi rude).  I'm not dissing all the waitresses there though, there are some good ones and the bartenders are pretty awesome...but somehow I always get stuck with the poor performing waitresses.  
You lose a star this time JB's!  sorry.  I still like your beers and your atmosphere, but you really need to step it up a little.  I'm not a hard person to please, I worked in food service for years so I totally understand its a hard job but its not that hard to stay pleasant 90% of the time and do a semi decent job.Great burgers/fries and I highly recommend the Victory Summer Love brew.  Cool, casual atmosphere.Shows - Fantastic space, intimate, decent sound.   There's room to sit back at the bar and watch or you can get up close - easy to enjoy a great show.
Drinks - Timely, local beer selection.  Decent prices.  Be sure to ask for a Bud Light Bottle; they love that.
Food - In a word, pricey.   It is plenty good, it's just expensive for what you get; you're paying a premium for the popularity of the joint.   Same basic menu as Standard Tap, and the fries are just as addictive.  Look for the seasonal specials, at least then you're getting something for the price.   Also, take advantage of the half priced raw bar at the early happy hour.Been to a few shows here. I like the upper floors more than the normal bar level, way too crowded on weekends. Cool looking place with a decent beer list. Cop that kinzenger cause I like piswater and I'm cheap.Perfect place. 
I went here on a friday.  It got packed and live music was really good. I think Philly is having some greats musicians here!
If you have a good taste of music, if you want to hear something original, this is your place.This place is really, really easy to forget. The only thing it has going for it is that it has a pretty choice jukebox. Well, I'm partial to jukeboxes with Dinosaur Jr. on them.
But, in other news, I've recently heard that this place has opened themselves up to having live local and national acts on the second floor courtesy of r5. I think the only reason that Sean wants to have shows there is so that the cash cow keeps getting bigger and he doesn't know where else to stick those bands that the local "tastemakers" haven't read about yet.
But no, I'm not bitter...As a habitue of JB's, I was rather surprised to see a crop of house cocktails on the menu this past Friday. So, I tried a couple. I haven't been as happy with the food since the previous chef had left (and they got rid of the beloved Cubano), but the new cocktails have captivated me once again. They all have wacky names that I can't remember (because I was drinking in the middle of the day), but there's one with celery as a flavor. Sounds disgusting, right? WRONG! It is incredible.  
Back to the food: the crispy chicken sandwich and hamburger have remained consistently good. They don't seem to offer as many menu options as they used to, when the old chef was around. They had their standards, plus several interesting  specials. Now, they have their standards, with fewer specials, which are often similar to each other. 
Nevertheless, they also have a great beer selection and some pretty damn good wines. I still love it there.Ever since I can remember I've LOVED coming to JB's for shows and their amazing burger/chicken sandwich.  I was there this weekend for my burger fix and was soo sad to see the drop-off in the food.  I'm not sure if it's the new chef - but the burger was waay drier and smaller than before.  A friend of mine got the meatball sandwich and felt the same way.  I was there with five other people who were really disappointed that the (normally amazing) chicken sandwich was taken off the menu.  Still love JB's but probably not as a dinner spot so much anymore.One of the best small indie venues I've been to.  Minus a star for the sketchy neighborhood.Best chicken sandwiches and great shows upstairsAwesome music scene, great Cubano sandwich, the rest of the fare and service are A-OK. Neither bad nor great, but i've yet to catch a show there which seems to be the real draw.As it turns out I ended up spending more time in this area due to work so I have now been a repeat visitor to Johnny Brendas for beer, shows and food several times, and thought I'd update my previous review.  
Both the beer and the musical show selection continue to be mighty good.  The upstairs is where I like to be for shows. Cool architecture,  nice candlelight atmosphere, windows you can peek out of the curtains through between bands and see what's happening on the street, pretty lights going through clouds of incense fog when the band is playing, and the cutest little bar that doesn't get crowded because it's not to sit at or hang out at, it's basically to buy your very good beer and step away.   On the downstairs floor of the show area, there is also a little lounge room with a photo booth to play in and some couches to plotz on, as well as a painting of some unidentified potato-shaped object on the wall. 
We also had pre-show dinner here in the seated dinner room away from the bar.  Lots of cool booths with colored lights built into the tables, and a couple booths in little bead-curtained niches that looked like an opium den.  The service was awright, especially considering it was jammed with hipsters and very noisy.  The food was OK.  I think I had ribs.  I will probably stick to sandwiches in the future though.  
This place is still a long drive from downtown and an even longer drive from west of Philly, where I'm usually coming from, and they could definitely use more and better parking near the Johnny Brenda's block which also has 2 or 3 other restaurants and bars around it now.  Still easier to find a close place here than at the North Star Bar, though.  Despite the long drive and parking hassles, this bar still has the best beer selection of any Philly music venue I've attended, and I'll probably keep dropping by a few times a year.Great spot to kick it with friends and catch a show. I've only been once, but plan to be back very soon. The downstairs has a long bar with a nice selection of reasonably priced craft beers, pool table, and comfortable seating arrangements. But from what I hear, the upstairs is what Johnny's is really known for. With acts like Jim James coming through, this place is absolutely worth checking out.I give 'em credit for a great variety of music, and the food's pretty good at the restaurant.  Having said that, the stage and floor are kinda awkward.  Worth a visit, I suppose, if there's a band there you're dying to see.JB's may seem like the birthplace for Philly hipsters, not counting Benjamin F., but it's a wonderful place for everyone. Ol' Ben would be a fixture here if a time portal opened.
I've had the full JB's experience:
- Ignite Philly (several times) upstairs - from the floor, from the balcony.
- Bands aplenty.
- Holding down the bar top for several hours on a busy Saturday night.
- Lunch with friends/dates, daytime drinking, brunch, etc. in the expansion dining area.
And I don't even live in Fishtown or N.Lib.
I think one of my favorite attributes about this place is versatility, as you can see from above. In the downstairs area, you can have any light level you want -- Semi-dim in the main bar area, bright window in the back dining area if you want to see your companion's face, or midnight in the garden of good and under the stairs.
There's outdoor seating on Girard, people watching by the barrel, awesome sculptured bike parking, and pool tables too. I don't even need to review the food and drink... one of my favorite burgers in town, but I try to get something different each time.Sitting close to the bartender with puppy-dog eyes doesn't get you a drink refill any faster than standing in the middle of Girard hoping to get a drink refill.   However,  you may discover that sitting at a remote table and being douchy to waitstaff gets you a new beer every half-hour.  It all depends who forgot to take their Monistat 7.   That being said, it's the default hipster jawn in the neighborhood and the gateway into the world of bizzaro that is Fishtown, which, over time, will make the unpredictable service at JB's seem like the most predictable thing in the entire neighborhood.Cool spot for a beer and show in Northern Liberties.  I haven't eaten here so I can't comment on the food but its a good small venue with a decent beer selection.  There are about 10 beers on draft with a focus mostly on local brews.  The pricing for beers is in the $3 to $6 range.  The bartenders were friendly and if it were closer to my house I could definitely see myself hanging out here more often.  There is some limited outdoor seating.
The venue itself is in the upstairs portion of the bar.  It's an intimate space with a small stage.  There is also a balcony area that overlooks the stage and has a small bar.  The sound is surprisingly very good for a bar-venue.  
Overall its a cool spot.  It attracts a decidedly hipster-ish crowd, but that is on par for a lot of bars in N. Liberties.Had lunch there.  Friendly, happy staff.  Got mushroom toast.  Heavenly.  Drank Jack's Cider on tap.  Pleasant visit.  Highly recommended.Server was fantastic. JR Burger was cooked med well, I asked for med rare. Fries were soggy. Portion sizes are way to small for the price.A staple of Fishtown, Johnny Brenda's recently gained extra fame by being featured in "Creed." The bar is located right on the intersection of Frankford Ave and Girard Ave, making it an easy spot to meet up with friends in the center of Fishtown's late night scene. It was one of the first bars in Philly that i'd ever been to, and is usually a first stop in our many Fishtown barhops within the last 4 years.
When you walk in (have your ID's out), the dim lights and graffiti decor make you feel like you're in a dive bar, but at the same time you'll realize that it's not a dive bar by any means. There's a pool table (the worst part of the entire bar), tables along the wall, booths in the back room with wait service, and a music venue upstairs with a cover. Depending on the bartender (there used to be a long haired guy who was a god among bartenders), you could have a long wait for a beer in the crowded bar. The entire pub is very loud too, but you'll get used to it after awhile.
The beer selection is all craft beer, which makes this spot more of a hipster venue rather than a cheap dive bar. The cheapest beer is the god-awful Philly brewed Kenzinger at $4, which was $3 a few years ago. They got a good selection of craft beers at $5-$6 a pop, which are probably better choices when beginning a night. 
The food is good, especially their fries and Johnny Brenda's Burger, which is NY State Sirloin with cheddar cheese and sauteed onions. It's $13, which I always feel is too high for even the most gourmet burger. Two years ago, my friend actually was so happy with his JB burger that he ordered another one right after. I don't recommend any human to order two adult sized burgers, and either did some higher power as a water main break forced us to evacuate Johnny Brenda's as he was half way through devouring his second burger. 
One of the biggest gripes I have with Johnny Brenda's is the pool table. This place gets *very* crowded after 10pm and there starts to be a lack of places to stand, especially when you're with a group. Yet there is always some group of people playing pool (who are equally annoyed that there are so many people ruining their game), who constantly tell anyone standing around the table, or accidentally are leaning on the table due to the overcrowding, to move. Some of the players say this in a friendly way, while some players would benefit from being hit by a speeding bus. Pool tables are for pool rooms, not the lobby of a faux dive bar.
In short, Johnny Brenda's is a solid spot in Fishtown to try at least once. It's one of the cooler places in the area to go with a group before venturing through the city.I am partial to gastropubs and restaurants with daily specials written on chalkboards, so the fact that Johnny Brenda's has both going for it speaks to my bias... But here are my takeaways after dinner here on a Sunday evening:
-Great draft beer selection. Absolutely no bottles on the premises, and server was very excited to explain beers.
-Yummy veggie burger made from lentils and roasted red peppers. It came with a house mayo sauce that was to die for - a more relishy manifestation of the sauce that comes on a Big Mac...
-Relaxed, divey atmosphere. Low lights, punk music playing not too loudly in the background. Pool table.
-Prices aren't cheap, but what you would expect from a gastropub. Meals are $10-12 a plate.I love this place. Its great both for food and for seeing bands or other events (i.e. Ignite Philly). The food is really tasty, for both dinner and dessert. We got a free dessert once because they had taken longer than usual for our order (which actually hadn't seemed that long to us). The atmosphere downstairs is great with big windows that can be opened in the summertime and big tables with slow flickering lights built into the table tops. Upstairs is very intimate with great visibility of the stage from either the floor or in the balcony. Altogether its also a really cool looking building. We can always manage to find parking, but its also not too far from the subway.All the waiters/waitresses I've ever had have always been extremely professional and polite. The bar gets slammed, but the bartenders are always doing their best to accommodate everyone. The menu is small, but the food I've tried has been good. Terrific venue and convenient to find. Don't know what I'd do without this place!The fries were amazing along with the malt vinegar aoilli dippin sauce. But Half of the fries were the size of my pinky toe. I still ate them all, but idk. Just use those for home fries. I need a good sized fry to hold and put in my mouthBlack Lips show! how can it be bad?  and it wasn't!
I like this place, it reminds me of all the "edgy-ness" the troc had in the 90's.  The staff see to not over think how "cool" they are or anything.  they focus on things where it counts, getting good bands, serving good food, and beer.
started off eating there... Edamame to start..then a falafel (cruchy pattys)...   to say it was good, is kinda funny... japanese & greek, but it worked.. it was good. service was good....
headed up stairs, now keep in mind your right there, the band is right there, not a big stage, but that is the coolest part, you can actually see your band.I went here for the first time on Saturday to see a show (Jukebox the Ghost).  Great small venue!  Along with Standard Tap (same owners, same decor), Johnny Brenda's is what I love about living in Northern Liberties.  Local crowd, locally grown food, great local beer selection (Victory, Yards, PBC, etc).
The show was fun and I will def go back.  Cover was only $10-$12 so I'm planning on going on a random night to checking out some new music.I've been eating burgers here for half of my life, literally.
They're a gift from God.As an eternal cynic, I WANTED to find SOMETHING wrong with Johnny Brenda's.  But this place is perfect.  I was most impressed by the friendly bartenders even during a hot, sweaty and slightly LOUD show.Well now, this is the second place I have come across today that I thought I already reviewed.  It's been a few months sense I stopped in.  I do remember my first time, though.  Came in for a show, though I don't remember the band.  Came early because we were hungry and I had a grumbling for some beer.  The beer selection is good here.  It is updated as needed.  Good local brews and micros from around the region.  The prices are pretty good, and I tend to run through a few brews every time I am there.
One thing that I like, but drives me crazy are the damn lights in the tables.  I always tend to sit at the same table, so that is my fault.  I do like them, but after a while they drive me crazy.  OK, I'll be honest, as I get drunk they distract me.  I normally cover them up with coasters and the condiments at the table. 
Moving on the the grub.  It is typical Philly bar food, not the best in the world, but pretty damn good.  I have had a bunch of their fair, and there is nothing that I would not get again.  Nothing over the top, all just right.  
The first floor is pretty large.  There is outside seating in the summer months.  Pool table in the first room, if you come in from the corner door.  Nice large bar, with some side bars, booths, high-top seating and some table in the back.  Chalkboards are throughout with the beer list and menu.  
The upstairs show area is pretty interesting.  A little lounge area with a bar on the stage level.  There is standing room on this level for shows. Then there is an upstairs area with another small bar (I think, its been a while sense I have been to a show here).  I do like the balcony area to see a show.  A little less crowded.
Over all I do like Johnny Brenda's.  I come here often when I am in the city.  I do recommend this bar/ restaurant.I just discovered that this place has the best veggie burger in Philadelphia (better than Sketch)!Johnny Brenda's was packed when we went on Saturday night. Some of my friends were in need of some food so we put our name in for a table and there was a 45 minute wait!
The menu isn't extensive, just a warning. They have about 5 choices for dinner options. My boyfriend and I asked to split a burger and fries and they actually brought it out on separate plates for us which I was super pleased about. The burger was pretty good and the fries were very salty (which I like). 
Johnny Brenda's is a cool hangout but it is definitely small inside so be prepared. The food was good, drinks weren't too strong, and overall we had a great time.Their drinks were reasonably priced. Pretty standard for a bar in Philly. My gin and ginger ale was $6 and for a double shot it was $8. The beers ranged from $3-7. After spending some time drinking, we got a table and some food. The burger was very good. It hit the spot and soaked up some of the alcohol. The fries were salty but I'm into that. My only complaint was that it was cramped inside but then again it was also a Saturday night. If you want your general beer and burger, this place is great.Johnny Brenda's is a nice little venue - 
I saw a band here on Friday night because my buddy said it was a great place to see musicians and I totally agree.  I will absolutely go back and will also be more prepared for the fuckery that is parking in NoLibs!awesome menu, changes nearly everyday! I love this place, atmosphere is great, not too far from home, the Hired help are down to earth and friendly! I LOVE JOHNNY BRENDA'SPretty average every time that I've been there, but I know a lot of people who love it here. Typically, when I am in the fishtown area, there are few other places I would usually go, but JB's isn't terrible. Beer and whatnot is plentiful and decent priced. Food is OK, but nothing out of this world. 
Lots of people and sometimes they have live music, which is pretty cool, but I usually get the feeling I'm not cool enough to be around and move along to some place a little more laid back.Okaaaayyyy you win, JB's.
I come here too often to still dislike it. I haven't sat at the bar in ages, and the waitstaff is usually really nice. 
Plus, they STILL have Dogfish Head's Chicory stout on tap, and that stuff is supposed to be out of season. Mmm.
Edit:
I have seen a few shows here. Just an update for those wondering.Great place to sit down, and have a cheap Kenzinger. The menu is pretty tasty, albeit limited and not as cheap as i'd like, but its hard to go wrong with anything.
The upstairs has more of an nightclubby feel, and thats where the numerous music acts perform. The balcony overlooking the stage area is a nice spot to watch whatevers going on without being in the thick of things. 
I go here much more than I probably should, but that's not a slight against the place, its just so easy to default to it. Reasonable beer, decent food, and an easy to find location.Extremely rude and arrogant bartender. Skip this place. Plenty of other spots around here that value their customers!Been here a couple times now.  Both in the venue upstairs and the bar downstairs.  The bartenders all seem really friendly and helpful, with a decent selection of beers on tap.  No bottles.  I hear the food is really good, but I have yet to try it.
There's a pool table downstairs that is a great way to meet and socialize with some of the bar patrons.  The people seem generally very cool.Food/Drinks: the JB Burger which is their house burger was delicious - a good size (substantial but not too huge that I can't fit in my mouth), juicy and tender. I found the fries to be way too salty, but they did come in a small mountain. I got the Victory Black IPA, which was decent in regards to IPA, but nothing to write home about.
Ambience: I chose to sit outside - there's plenty of outdoor seating, and it was pretty nice how they organize some of the tables so you're facing the streets, hence good for people-watching. There's also a pool table inside right after you walk through the main/front entrance. Dark, divey vibes with good music playing at a reasonable level.
Service: my server was really nice - saved my table when I had to go use the restroom and wanted to take my belongings with me (I was there alone) - and also helpful when I asked about the beers. 
On the other hand, the hostess seemed a little strained in extending her friendliness. Moreover, she was nowhere to be found when I first arrived, and I basically walked through the length of the pub and stood by the back entrance, behind the register where another server was closing the tabs who never acknowledged my existence. Would it ever make sense to ASK for the host/hostess? Isn't it their job to stand by the entrance to welcome and seat patrons? After standing there for a few minutes I finally made eye contact with a server, requested a table and was told "oh the hostess is back there somewhere". I know Philly is laid back, but this? I don't know man.love, love, love johnny brenda's. a good time can often be had here, whether you are looking for it or not. a divey, yet not in a grimy way divey place to just meet up and have some drinks, shoot some pool, or see a show. i hear they have great brunches but have not ventured out during daylight here for some reason. also a great place to go if you just don't feel like dealing with the silliness of lines at frankford hall across the street!You really can't go wrong with this place. It is everything I love about a bar. Great music, events, drink selections, and food- all on point. This was my first time in Philly, and Saturday I came to check out a J Dilla tribute event. I found myself back in the neighborhood the following Sunday, so I had to stop in for dinner. I got the beer flight both times. I believe Greg was our waiter. Such great service, great playlist, and there's a pool table.  Next time I'm in Philly I'll have to make my way back here.Came here for a show last fall.  The atmosphere was great and relaxing.  The upstairs floor where the show was had this small square room with a tall ceiling with another level for viewing the performing artist/band.  They had some good beers on tap too.  My favorite part of this venue is the size since it's not huge, it gives you a better experience and more intimate show.  Definitely had a great time and look forward to coming back.A stones throw away from my front door I have to make sure I don't abuse it's greatness.  Grab a quick drink, something to eat (Cuban Sandwich is my favorite), see a show, sit outside and critique fixed gear bikes, or shoot some pool, you can accomplish it all.  
   Reasonably priced, & usually a good crowd. They have a respectable selection of local beers, almost always have a rotating Dogfish Head option which puts a smile on my face.  
  I'm not hip enough for the juke box selection, but the venue upstairs is one of my favorite spots to catch a show.  Whether local or not, I find myself at this venue more so than any other in the city.  The space upstairs is straight up awesome!  Intimate, small balcony, and a nice sized bar.i officially love jb's for so many reasons.  short list includes:
1.  good selection of beers, including many local breweries -- they also change up the list from season to season, so you always have a good variety to choose from.
2.  excellent food -- i don't eat meat, so i recommend the eggplant or falafel with hummus if you are in a samich mood (both excellent).  the portions are also plentiful.  my boyfriend eats meat and has never been disappointed either...he really likes the 3 pepper salad and the burgers apparently hit the spot.  oh, and their desserts are soooooo good.  and the whiskey doughnuts on the brunch menu...i could go on and on.
3.  the prices -- really fair considering what you get in quality and quantity
4.  the service -- up until like a year ago, i would have said that the service sucked, but things have changed and everyone there is now not only attentive, but also really nice.  kudos to the management on that call.
5.  the decor -- pool table/bar area for the casual drinker, spacious dining area for the hungry hippo
6.  THIS IS A BIG ONE:  BEST PLACE TO SEE A SHOW -- the upstairs area has an additional balcony.  and they don't just get small names in there, though the ones i'd not heard before ended up being some of my favorites, too.  i've seen dean & britta, el perro del mar, the black angels, the ravonettes...to get to see some really excellent performers in such an intimate space is really fantastic.  get there early and you can get a seat or be right up front.  no pushing, no annoying hecklers or moshers, just great music for a really fair price (none of my tickets have cost me more than i think $15).
jb's never fails to please!Great place all around. Delicious brunch (eggs benedict with fried green tomatoes- cannot recommend this enough), great beer list, and awesome upstairs venue for shows. Never been disappointed by a visit to Johnny Brenda's!I only stepped in for a few minutes on a friday night, but it just seems like a typical dive-y, hipster-esque bar. I saw that the menu had some food on it, which sounded REALLY good, but I just ordered a drink before leaving to join friends at a different bar. The bartender was nice, quick, and answered our questions patiently. There's a credit card minimum (~10$ if I remember correctly). It's a nice place, but I just wasn't vibing it? I don't know if I'd ever go out of my way to come here, but if a friend suggested it I wouldn't say no.I'd been waiting for months to finally go to Johnny Brenda's and I got a chance on Friday, thanks to the serendipitous union of Day 1 of Philly Beer Week and a band that I'd ACTUALLY HEARD OF on stage. I would probably go just about anywhere to see Gil Mantera's Party Dream, but the experience was definitely heightened by a concert space that reminded me of the spot where we'd go to see shows in college, with a good handful of my college friends in tow. I have to admit that I neglected to try any of the food, and didn't see anyone in the place noshing when I was there between eleven and two. That said, I will say the downstairs dining area was pleasantly clean, the waitstaff fairly attentive, and the menu boards were legible.
It was Victory night, so I went for the summer ale. Good choice.
Minus a few points just because this isn't exactly my favorite area of the city, but at least parking wasn't too difficult. Also, a word to the wise: Friday night is put out your trash night in this neighborhood.Johnny Brenda's burger is absolutely my current favorite. It's everything you crave when you want a burger. The fries are thin and crispy and perfectly salty. Make sure you eat them with the malt vinegar aioli. 
Their appetizers are delicious as well but they're always disappointingly small for the price. 
The best part is that I've never had to wait to be seated. When we were told it'd be a 25min wait to sit at Silk City, we went straight to Johnny Brenda's and sat down immediately. Also the staff is very attentive and accommodating!Johnny Brenda's becomes one of my favorite spots to hang out more over time. I can come here with friends, get a beer and play pool all night and not get the stink eye if I don't order anything else. I especially like coming here during the day when the bartenders are more willing to chat and I can munch on oyster crackers.  
I only wish that there were more vegetarian entrees. I'm still usually stuck getting the falafel and hummus (always delicious at least), or faced with having to get multiple starchy appetizers 
also, loving the jukebox here. and the outdoor seating.
in the end, a night outside at good ol' JB's is a favorite of mine.Haven't eaten here but as far as a music venue goes, this is one of my favorites.  It's got the right amount of dive-y feel to it.  Love the balcony area - it's my favorite spot to watch from.  The cider isn't cheap ($6) but if I could choke down a Kenzinger then I'd only have to spend half that, which is a good beer deal.  The concerts are well-priced to make this a regular thing for me, which is awesome, and they bring in great people - both well-known (e.g., Mates of State) and less so (Admiral Fallow).  Never had a problem with the sound quality.  Love the photo booth too!Gospel Brunch Sundays offer a different mix of music in the background with a hipster crowd.  
We elected to share the apple pancakes and the eggs benedict with Mimosa's.  I've had dinner here a dozen times and it's always a consistent 3-4 stars.  Ecclectic American selections, good portions, good service and a relaxed atmosphere where you're comfortable drinking after you're done eating.
The pancakes were a little dense, the apples on top were almost candied and dried, not what I was expecting, just not fully up to what I was expecting.  The eggs benedict has a perfect hollandaise sauce, although the muffin it was on could have been toasted a little more.  The side of bacon was good and crispy/burnt around the edges without being dried out like most diners serve.  Potatoes were a little heavy on the onions and a little undercooked, they could have been fried for another minute to crisp up the outside a little, but the seasoning was good.  
They were moderately busy, and the service was good, especially considering how gorgeous of a morning it is and how many people are out grabbing brunch.  I'm sure with a hang-over the bloody mary's they seemed to be serving by gallon would have been a perfect fit.
Very hipster, music is a little bit loud inside, but the food is a solid choice.  If you've got kids, you're ok sitting at one of the tables outfront, but you woudn't want to bring them inside.Mellow atmosphere. Decent fries. Beers And pool. I'd go backI am here WAY too often. It's that good. The food is always amazing, they have a great rotating beer selection, and the service is always friendly. It can get SUPER packed, especially if there's a show going on upstairs, but it's worth it. I've only been upstairs for one show, but the space was clean and roomy. The balcony has a great view. Their Sunday brunch is awesome. I highly recommend JB's. I've never had a bad experience here and I don't think I ever will.BRUNCH REVIEW: I never saw concert venues with brunch before. Sit on the sidewalk, drink an acceptably great horseradish-heavy bloody mary. They fucked up neither the eggs nor the bacon. One of few outside brunch spots around. I'd come back in a second, esp. if I lived nearby.The drinks were reasonable and the mixed drinks weren't horrible at $6. I saw saintseneca there and it it was a great time. Pretty awesome music venue.Passed by for Sunday brunch. Service was kind and prompt, food was very tasty (I ordered JB's breakfast) and atmosphere was funI know this is blasphemous, but I have not seen a show here.
I actually just went to go to the bar.
We sat at one of the little tables along the wall before the main dining area while waiting for the rest of our group to come. I really liked the wood paneling and glass grapes every where. I felt like I was waiting to see the Velvet Underground, back when the Velvet Underground was new.
When the rest of our group got there, we sat at one of the booths along the wall. So cool with the lights in the table and the cubby-hole windows. 
The beers are slightly pricey, compared to my usual haunts (Local 44, National Mechanics), but not by much.
Our waiter was really nice and had an accent. Irish perhaps? (not that it makes a difference, but I always appreciate a good accent). I got a Lionshead (on tap!), everyone else got a variety of other beers and drinks in multiples. Our tab came out to $22 for 6 people. He definitely didn't charge us for refills, if you could call them that. 
I'd love to see a show here, but I wouldn't mind coming just to hang out.THE BEST PLACE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD! If i had a choice between saving an ex president from a burning building or eating at jb's!!!...
Id save that guy! And then we would go eat at johnny brendas. 
Now if they only sold cereal!#DreamworldI've never been here for a show, so I'm just rating this based on the bar/their food.
Cool, hipster-ish atmosphere.  Good bar, and plenty of places to sit.  Never felt cramped on days that I went there.  The food I've had there has been pretty good; I had a root vegetable stew that was really good during a weekend afternoon, and some fries with drinks another time -- both were tasty and reasonably priced.
Again, I can't judge it for its shows, but as a bar, it's a good place.I went to Johnny Brenda's for the first time last night to see my friend's band, Hezekiah Jones, play. They were great, as usual (I've seen them a few times before). We stood upstairs on the balcony, where the view was prime and the sound was excellent. I enjoyed the fact that they had a bar on each of the three levels so that you didn't have to bother with going up and down stairs all the time. They had a variety of local beers and other great microbrews, and although I didn't try their food, it looked interesting, if maybe a bit typical for gastropub fare. 
I guess there isn't much that I can say that has already been said. The cover was $10 for two bands, one of which was having their new CD-release party, so that was pretty reasonable. I got free refills on my Diet Coke (I'm on antibiotics, so I couldn't enjoy their beer, except for a few sips of the new Stoudt's, which was delicious). They only criticism that I can offer, really, is that they need more bar stools (your legs get tired after walking all the way from the Art Museum area and then having to stand the whole time!), and my boyfriend was a little annoyed that they poured his $5.50 Stoudt's into a 10-ounce glass, since it didn't really have the alcohol content that warranted being put into a 10-ounce glass, especially for $5.50. That being said, I really had a good time here, and I will definitely be back!So I totally thought I had been to Johnny Brenda's before this year only to find out on a mini bar crawl that I had never been and the place that I thought was Johnny Brenda's because my ex took me there twice was really the Barbary.  Defiantly very different types of establishments, I am glad to have finally gotten to Johnny Brenda's thought.  Beer selection was great, liked the atmosphere of the bar.  The dinning area was pack so I am going to need to come back and try the food at some point.Yet another classic corner vortex in Philadelphia. Get lost, and find yourself here. Love the all around vibe here! Great selection of beers on tap and delicious edibles to fill you up! Only thing that annoys me or I'd like to see change here is the lights over the pool table need some love, can't tell you how many times I hit those darn things, lol... always the lil things ;)One of the best places in Philly.  JB's offers plenty of local and delicious food and beers.  I've had plenty of dinners / snacks here in the past, ranging from seafood dishes to falafel pitas.  Upstairs is home to a venue which has yielded most of my finest concert memories.  The themed brunches are pretty wonderful, offering some solid eggs benedict and bloody marys to start off the day.  Oh and also, not having to deal with convenient ticketmaster convenience charges of $25 being tacked onto your $15 JB's concert ticket fee is a huge plus.One of my favorite spots for years. Great beer selection, amazing sea food, and awesome indie bands. It's a few blocks from my house and has been my hangout for years now.The food and drinks are mostly very good. I usually stick to getting the burger though since the portions tend to be small otherwise.This place never disappoints. Great local beers, great food, and great music. If you're looking for an alternative healthy take on bar food, definitely come here. It's amazing.I've been coming to Johnny Brenda's and their older sister Standard Tap for the past ten years. The atmosphere is always great and the servers have always been attentive. It's still my favorite place to see live music. The beer is local and the lines are clean. It's a shame that the quality of food has significantly gone down.  Was there last night and ordered a flank steak salad cooked medium. Steak came out well-done, lettuce was old and showed signs of aging. Was tempted to feed the steak to the dog sitting next to me. I'll be back for the drinks, music, and some pool, but not for a meal. It's really sad to see this place go downhill.My first time at Johnny Brenda's was last night and I'm disappointed I didn't get there sooner. Great layout. I really like the music area with the 3rd floor balcony. i honestly forgot I was on the 2nd floor after about 30 minutes. To me the most super duper important thing in a music venue is a soundman that has a clue. He had a clue and it sounded great for a smaller room. 
The only draw back was the girl bartender. Really dopey and forgetful. She messed up both drink orders I went to the bar for. I asked for 3 drinks. 2 of which were the same. Ahhhh???? Really??? 2 beers of this kind and 1 of this. She gave me the complete opposiite. Twice. Haha. Its not that hard. It would be 5 stars if it wasn't for her being a flake.Oh bearded bartender upstairs at the Say Hi show tonight, you kept my glass of water full while I sipped tasty local beers.  I so enjoyed the silly dance moves you busted while waiting to use the register.  I hope to see you again, behind the bar or otherwise.
I'm at Johnny Brenda's for concerts pretty frequently; it's hands down my favorite concert venue in Philadelphia.  Great sound, intimate setting, easy access to a bar whether you're on the main level or the balcony.  While one might argue that maintaining a draft list of exclusively local beers is limiting, they establish a good range of options ... definitely something for everyone.  I've ordered food on several occasions - most recently the eggplant sandwich - and have never been disappointed.  I love you, Johnny Brenda's, I do.really fun place to see a show, and the oysters and desserts are sooper. sometimes crowded with hipster douchebags but they're easy to ignore.What a trip.
I came here with my crew to check out the bands lined up to play that night and it was one of the weirdest performances of all time. From the totally jarring clarinet solos and the deep red stage lights of the opening act, I felt like I had landed smack in the middle of a satanic ritual. The next set alternated between putting me to sleep and whacking me back into consciousness with heavy drum action. Finally, the night closed with a band that cared more about playing like a free-spirited acid trip than staying in tune or even remotely on rhythm. 
Still, after a couple of cheap beers, and in the company of good friends, we had a fun time. I really enjoyed kicking back and relaxing up in the balcony, which definitely gives you the best view. 
Overall, this is a really cool place. I'd definitely like to return to try some of the very tempting options on the menu--and experience a band that didn't terrify me a little...!JB's is my kind of place inside - dimly lit, a little Pee-Wee Herman-esque with quirky leather booths that light up, pool tables and a scribbled menu on an oversized chalk board. The octopus is really delicious but the hands down star is the Cuban sandwich. I can't not get it when I go there now. Pure delicious, one of my top two sammies in Phila and probably top five overall. 
My boyfriend played there with his now defunct band only a month before we started dating (and no, I had nothing to do with it defunct-ing! ;)) but I also love this spot imagining him geeking out on stage. 
Now that there a lots of other "hip" spots popping up all around, JB's has lost a little of its IT factor...but that is often the case with joints who pioneer gentrifying parts of town. Can't really hold it against em.
Get the Cubano. Seriously.This place does me right. Great selection of beers and the menu is pretty good to. Not the healthiest but very filling and he service is incredible. The wait staff is no-nonsense but anticipated how I wanted my food and served it up just right. This place feels like home and I can't wait to come back for the live events.I've been meaning to try JB's for a while now and I've must admit they exceeded my expectation. The decor was cool very hipster. Staff was efficient, so no company's here. I'm not a huge fan of the menu on the board but overall not to much if a big deal.
Now to the food. I planned on playing it safe with a burger but saw Salmon BLT and just had to have it. Salmon and bacon on one dish, genius. I requested my salmon well done, they delivered. It was amazing. Salmon cooked perfect, bacon added great flavor. The fries were really good to. I definitely plan on going back to see what else JB has to offer.Really loved this place! Food was great as well as the service. Plus they have live shows of local bands upstairs. Great hangout jointSo so appreciative of the wait staff and chef here. We came here for a pre-wedding rehearsal lunch with my extended family (surprise, no reservation). My son has severe allergies to dairy, egg, peanut, tree nut, beef, and lamb -- the chef came out to personally talk with us and made a perfect meal just for him. And I much enjoyed my kale salad and cider. Perfect.I always find myself at this establishment at least 3 times during any visit I make to Philadelphia. Initially attracted by the simple option of having a good number of tables on the sidewalk to people watch and smoke a beer from, I was immediately drawn to their rotating daily menu. On my first visit, I got the chicken liver mousse plate (with grain mustard, pickles, and crostini) at the advice of my boyfriend. Mind you, I'd never had liver before and would never have ordered it left to my own devices, but I'm willing to try any food once. It was really good! On my last visit I tried the rabbit sausage, which came with a much appreciated warning from the staff that it would only be a couple bites (though I wasn't expecting much for $5 in the first place).
The regular menu is definitely full of good meals too. The JB burger is on point, and the chicken roulade is a personal favorite. The drink menu ranges from a wallet friendly Kensinger to the exotic cocktail menu.
All in all, this place is good at what it does and changes things up enough to remain interesting. It's worth a few trips a month to be sure. Check it out!Johnny Brenda's featuring new and improved LIVE ENTERTAINMENT?
Bah, the only "Live Entertainment" you need in this 'hood is right across the street at Club Ozz.I'll agree with almost everyone in saying this is one of the best live venues Philly has to offer. Went to see Sunset Rubdown last night and if I can offer one word of advice, it's to avoid standing by the edge of the bar, near the stage. Everyone will be bumping into you trying to get through to the center/back of the room. If you get there early enough, run upstairs, grab a stool and pull it up to the railing. That's the best view in the house.
$3 Lionshead and Kenzinger drafts. I prefer the Lionshead. Is that so wrong?Came here for the first time after my boyfriend (a regular at this place) raved about how amazing the burgers and fries are for so long! I got the veggie burger and was pretty disappointed.. I couldn't really make out what the patty tasted like. Fries were awesome though! I love how this place gives you both ketchup and hot sauce. Service was great too.  
I probably would've given this place five stars if I tried the regular burger.Johnny Brenda's has a very pleasant bar atmosphere, like a slightly-more-whimsical Standard Tap inside, with small colored lights built into the tables that twinkle slowly.  We sat beside enormous open windows on a cool summer night and all felt right with the world.
The beer selection is solid, which is Northern-Liberties-standard, and while the wall-mounted chalkboard menu isn't all that descriptive, it serves its purpose, and my very friendly server was able to answer all my food questions without checking a list.
We ate little, but sometimes you can tell from a few bites if a place has it or not, and Johnny Brenda's has it.  The softshell crab sandwich was big and juicy, the crab stood out very well against its accompaniments, and its soft bun was absolutely perfect (it's always wonderful when a restaurant nails just the right bread for a sandwich).  The fries were also terrific, thin and salty and not rock hard.
They had three mussel dishes on the menu: red, white and green.  Our server recommended the green, which is pesto-based, and he was spot-on.  Absolutely delicious.  I would have soaked a loaf of bread in the broth and eaten the whole thing... so I'm glad I was limited to the two slices that came with it!
Great atmosphere, great service, and delicious pub food.  I will be back!I came here to see one of my favorite bands, Little Dragon, perform on 23 Mar 10. I had never been here before, and was hoping for an intimate-type venue to see them perform. I could not have been more pleased... well, unless Yukimi Nagano pointed me out as she sang "Forever."  I think I did catch her eye for like 10 seconds though, and possibly a wink as well. I just wanted to go up on stage and hug her until she disappeared into my chest and arms. 
Anyway, the show was only $12 ($5 cheaper than the two spots she was playing in NY) and i was able to prepay via Ticketfly.com using the will call online earlier in the day. I drove out that night and missed the opening act, but I got what I came for. Johnny Brenda's is right on the corner of Frankford and Girard - so easy to find. Finding parking in the area was pretty easy as well. I parked about a block away on the street, and I saw others that parked in a seemingly free lot right up the block on Frankford as well.
So I walk in the joint (there is wheelchair access) and am on the upper level, where there is a bar (maybe a pool table?) but this isn't the music venue area. so I take a walk down the steps and see a sign on the wall telling the time of the performances. I round the corner where the guy takes your money, tell him I'm on will call, he looks up my name, stamps me in. Actually a nice dude. I walk in, nice spot, all old wood, a lot of old school charm. I was thinking it would be a shame if they ever tore this spot down, it feels like it has a lot of history. I was also thinking I'd love to live here, but I'm kinda weird nostalgic .
So, I walk through, past the bar, to the small room with a little stage. I was loving it already. I was so comfortably close to the stage, and Yukimi's awesome vibe, I may or may not have gotten a li'l choked up... Anyway, there is a balcony that wraps all the way around the stage. I didn't go up there, but I'm sure it feels like you could almost reach out and touch the performers. 
I would come here to see any performer I loved, and recommend the same to anyone else. 
I ordered a Long Island Ice Tea - $8 and pretty weak. That's my only negative.
So, if you see someone you love performing here, and you can get here, then get here. You won't regret it.best burger in northern libs..which says alot since standard, north third, and honeys roam there...cheap beer too...but im a bit lazy and usually dont walk the required 4 blocks to get there so I have yet to see a show..This review has nothing to do with their food, just drinks and music venue. The upstairs is really a good space, the most recent groups I saw were perfume genius and parenthetical girls. It's a tiny intimate space, but a legitimate balcony and downstairs. The bar is just a skip away and you can grab a nice variety of moderately priced drafts and carry them right back over to see the show. It's easy, it's a cool spot, and the acoustics are pretty good. Definitely worth grabbing a brew and seeing a nice little show.1. I want to rave about JB's. I go there at least once a week to shoot pool or relax. The food is good, the bands are good and the company is always interesting, but...
2. The bartenders are bitches. Seriously. So if you go to the bar expecting to be served on a timely basis forget it. Conversely, table service is great. (Stop being bitches, bartenders!)
3. The upstairs venue is awesome if you can find a good show to see (e.g Deer Tick tonight). Wonderful classic interior, amazing stage and acoustics, and better bartenders.Just keeps getting worst.  The cheese board is one piece of cheese and a board for the full price of a normal cheese board. Portions are small and prices are high. A lot has changed and it is not for the better. I do not recommend this restaurant any more.Trendy place, a bit expensive for the neighborhood and clientele. The food is great, but not my favorite bar in Fishtown.For like, a decade this was my go-to neighborhood place for week-day/early evening food, and even late-night when the tourists aren't packing the place out...then I moved away for a few years.  Now I'm back, and I went, and there must be a new chef running things because the food is embarrassingly pretentious and under-portioned in a bad way.  
I don't know if anyone gives a shit, but I always thought JB's was a great bar, venue, AND restaurant, but now it's just mediocre in every context...bummer.  I really hope the ownership and management can get the kitchen back on track here, man.  It'd be a shame to lose what this place used to be...Chocolate chip bread pudding, peach pie, fresh melon, doughnuts. Sounds simple enough but ordering dessert at J.B.'s never is. The pastry chef is simply an artist. Some sort of rustic French flour wizard. Delicate presentation, just the right amount of drizzle as to not overwhelm the dessert. And always a little side pairing, like a dollop of homemade ice cream which activates and compliments your taste buds. 
So very thoughtful.every city should have a music venue this cool.  i really really really love this place, and i get so depressed when acts i want to see get booked into the north star bar or the first unitarian church as opposed to here.  
i should state i've never eaten here.  i'm reviewing this place as a music venue not a restaurant, and i've been there for shows probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 12 times.  i will go see bands i've never heard of, but hear good things about, i love this place so much. 
first - great sound system.  you can hear the band clearly from in front of the stage, up on the balcony, at the bar, and even a bit in the bathrooms - which is great because you can take a pee break and feel like you've missed nothing. 
second - great setup.  love the balcony.  one band i saw there, whose name i am forgetting but they were 5 guys from chicago, totally used the entire venue as their stage which i loved.  they had a trumpet and a trombone, and the musicians using those pieces strolled the audience, making appearances up on the balcony to play down to the crowd below.  it was beautiful.  also on setup & design of the place, the upstairs women's bathroom is a work of art.  i could seriously live in there.  the lighting in the whole venue is gorgeous.  
service is awesome - there's a bar right there, but also roaming waitresses to take your drink order at the less-crowded shows.  and beers are cheap and local.  love it. 
i can't think of any reason not to love this place, other than shows sell out here a lot.Hands down, my favorite venue for a live concert. JB shows always have a bit of an intimate feeling. It never gets severely crowded and the energy is just right. Furthermore, for the beer enthusiasts in us, their beer selection is always listed with local brews from the Philadelphia area. The food is okay as well. Parking is not too shabby either. I never had to pay for parking, which is always a plus in the city. And the neighborhood is safe from what I can tell.Holy hand banana, this place is wild. Great beer, vibe, and service. Food's hit or miss, but I still love this Fishtown staple.
Latest Visit: 11/12Interesting experience tonight. We got "If you are going to stand here, you can't block the aisle" from the short haired hostess when some friends showed up and our group got larger than it was. 20 minutes later "I've had to ask you twice, you have to move down to the bar area."  Whatever, so we left instead. On the way out, the bouncer was tossing a guy, who talked some trash and riled up another bouncer who went after him. Seemed like a cool spot with decent beer prices, but I don't know if we'll be coming back.Pretty positive I was served a rotten steak. They replaced it with a chicken sandwich which was good, and comped us a round of beers. i wish I could un-taste that steak though.The food here is excellent!
You wouldn't know based on the very understated and straightforward menu:
green beans, spinach, eggplant sandwich, mussels . . .etc.
Their mussels with red sauce and side vegetables are excellent - especially the mashed potatoes and green beans.
I like to order the eggplant sandwich with mashed potatoes instead of fries (I think it's a dollar more, but worth it).
Very good local beers are available.
Also: this is a great place to see a show.It can be a hike to fishtown but well worth it.  I enjoy the upstairs music venue, local beer selection, exellent eclectic bar food, streetside seating, rock music atmosphere, pool table, etc. It's much more than a dive bar but it's unpretentious with great character and music. 
As per another yelpers suggestion I ate the steak sandwich with Brie. It was great. My friend had an eggplant parm sandwich just loaded with mozzerella.  
It was slightly annoying that the outdoor menus were on a poster board but that's me being unnecessarily nit picky. It probably was just so that menus don't blow away which makes good sense.
Servers are cool and welcoming.Lex was the coolest, smoothest, awesomest server! What a cool night. So glad we found this spot. Great DJ, nice vibe, hip but not too hip. Must check out for late night steak salads and cocktails! 
Lex for president!When in fishtown, do as the fishtonians do.  And that means go to johnny Brenda's.  With a rotating beer list, extensive selection on tap and above average menu selections for a tavern (e.g. grilled octopus, mussels..), this is a solid neighborhood go to place.  Funny that it's only a few steps away from Frankford Hall but with a completely different clientele.  We missed out on the live band but the crowd outside is a lively scene on Saturday nights and kept us entertained.  "Authentic Fishtown" claimed a local.One of my favorite neighborhood haunts. 
Fantastic rotating beer menu. Excellent, informed, attentive service every time I go. Tasty, well-prepared food. 
Try their head cheese, it's exquisite (when's the last time you saw head cheese on a menu?).
And while I rarely get out to see shows, JB's upstairs is a great venue as well.review written 10-2012 never posted, but needs to be seen:
Wow... Waited 10 minutes for service on a Monday night with maybe 15 people in there and then another 10 to get our drink. Wear ur finest thrift store clothes or your patronage is not welcome.After several years in Philly, this is still my favorite place to see live music.  The club is small, well set-up, has good sound and an authentic vibe.  I love the balcony and first floor area equally! I've seen some wonderful shows there.. From Bill Callahan, The Dum Dum Girls to Bell X 1; the venue never disappoints.  It's a good old fashioned local club; tons of character and good music.
I always recommend it to my visiting and touring friends.  If you're looking for a show-- check their schedule, if you're looking to play Phila, call their booking agent.  
I am sad that the Whiskey Donuts fell off the brunch menu, but am hopeful they will show up once winter comes around...I went here Friday night; great bartenders, the DJ was playing amazing jazzy house music.  The best part is that the drinks are not ridiculously over-priced :).  I had a great time, and highly recommend!Unpretentious, seriously amazing food and awesome service. This place has everything that the West Coast lacks.
I hear that there's music upstairs too? Whoa.4 stars for JB's as a venue, 2 stars for the bar.
I love going to shows at JB's, but the downstairs bar is always understaffed and crammed with obnoxious yupsters. The music's really good and the TV is only on for Phillies games, which is pretty cool. The food is generally well-prepared but it's wildly overpriced, considering that most of it is standard bar fare. There are very few meatless options, so when I go I'm usually limited to a handful of dishes.
I went for brunch on Labor Day and it was pretty terrible. There was only one cook in the kitchen and only one girl waiting tables AND running the bar, so service was slow and the tables hadn't been cleaned in a while. I ordered a vegetarian eggs benedict and literally every aspect of it was wrong. The bread was toasted too early, so it was rock hard and nearly impossible to cut by the time I got it. One of the eggs was overcooked. The hollandaise looked like cheez wiz and had no flavor. The fried green tomato was inedibly salty. The potatoes were undercooked and undersalted. Even if it had been perfect, it certainly wasn't worth $13. My friends' food wasn't much better. It was clear that these problems were due to the fact that there were only two people running a packed restaurant, so we didn't make a big deal out of it.
Also, while my friends and I were eating, there was a kid riding around the bar on a Razor scooter who nearly knocked our table over. It was pretty unpleasant.I go in and out of Johnny Brendas periods...you know, periods where I go once a week for a couple months and then I just don't go for a really long time...there's really no reason for it. Johnny B's is actually pretty wonderful.  Drinks are reasonably priced, the food is good (mm clams) and as long as I stick to the bar with Kristen as a bartender I have awesome service.  Table service has been a little 'meh' at times though but I haven't sat at a table there for over a year.
They also have the b-e-s-t venue for shows around...though it can get pretty packed and hard to maneuver through on those really crowded shows.  I can be found at this bars a friday or two or three out of the month...sometimes... and at the occasional free show they have upstairs. great bar..great bar...I came out to Johnny Brenda's last night to see a show (Memory Tapes) and I had a really good time.  The upstairs is a great place for live music complete with a little balcony with some seats.  The bar has a ton of options including some delicious craft beer on tap, as well as some local beers (Yards!).  
I'll definitely be back in the future to check out some shows and have a couple of beers!Spotty. We ordered a burger and fries--that was good. I made the mistake of ordering the steak salad off the regular menu. My steak was generously portioned and cooked to a nice medium rare but it was utterly unseasoned. The salad was over soaked in dressing & the spinach leaves were rapidly wilting.  The vinaigrette was overwhelmingly acidic. I asked for a side of olive oil & that helped matters a little. The croutons were dehydrated rocks of stale pretzel. Too hard, flavorless. The salad came with a generous amount of creamy bleu cheese, but that did not compensate for the other deficits. I'll mention that I spent my childhood in France so I look for balance & a layering of flavors & that is the basis for my critique. Service was responsive & helpful. The dining room though half empty was extremely loud--it is a pub. The peach crisp had too much crisp & not enough peach & despite the ice cream was very dry. Quite disappointed. The blueberry bread pudding was better.This is Not the JBs of old.  I used to love their burgers.  Last night was about half the size and taste of what I remember on a below average bun.  The bread to burger ratio was awful.  Table next to us complained they spent $12 for fries bc their sandwich was a joke.  For Shame!The second in my series of my favorite bars in Philly features Johnny Brenda's. After I moved from Center City to Fishtown, JB's quickly became my favorite stumble home default. I enjoyed numerous awesome concerts upstairs, but mostly came in on Mondays and Tuesdays during the week for the food and drinks. Their beer and food lists are constantly changing, hence why they are written on chalk boards. Always fresh! Although it would sometimes suck to come in and they wouldn't have any vegetarian sandwiches or entrees, I could usually throw together a good meal from their appetizers. Later on, when I started to eat seafood, there was always something great. Even still, I love to get their eggplant sandwich. Beer-wise, again, mostly local and good. As for the service, the women that bartend here are much better than the men (sorry.) But they really are much nicer and attentive. I also felt like they watched out for the girls that came here. Finally, the music played here is always spot on. I'm constantly saying "I love this song!"I just cant get enough of this place. Killer food- killer bands-killer bartenders (Gabe) and awesome chefs (Dan).......I mean, seriously, will I ever have a bad experience here? NO! JB's is my favorite spot in Philly without a doubt. Dont forget to try the dessert!All you music lovers this is the best place!
Old school venue but amazing!I've only been here once so far, but not on a night w/ live music, so I haven't even been upstairs yet. 
Good beer, cool atmosphere, service was fine.
I wasn't super enthusiastic about the vegan options on the menu, but I was really digging the appetizers. LOVED their fries. LOVED their edamame. The hummus was good too. (I feel like I should be more enthusiastic about the hummus. But umm, hummus is hummus, I guess.)
(So yeah. I know this review is not my best work. I WILL be going to Johnny Brenda's again: expect an update.)Probably my favorite venue in the city to see a show at. Also my favorite spot to shoot pool. Good staff, great vibes, amazing food. I steer clear on the weekends because it gets packedI've only been here for the upstairs so I can't saying anything about the food, but that music venue needs to be talked about. It's small, capping out at 250 people, and extremely intimate. It's one of the launching venues for musicians who'll eventually make it big, such as Sufjan Stevens, James Blake, and Bon Iver. That in itself should be enough to convince someone to come catch a show here even if they don't recognize the name. 
There's a bar upstairs next to the stage, and you can also view the stage from a balcony up one more flight of stairs. On the floor where the stage is there are a couple pillars that might obstruct the view. However you can squeeze up as close as you want to the performer, and I've seen Caroline Smith personally call out someone in the crowd and have them dance with her. Intimacy is the name of the game here, and the excellent lighting and sound production make it feel so that the singer has come just to serenade you. 
It's one of those venues where musicians hop off stage after the show and say hi to their fans, where they get to know their fans and maybe have drinks with them. If that doesn't win a music fan over, I don't know what will.One of my favorite "gastropubs" in Philly.  This place was started by the same guys who got the entire gastropub genre going with the Standard Tap.  The place is a converted old-man bar at what was once a pretty unlikely corner of Frankford and Girard, but which is now along the northern fringe of development in the NoLibs area.  The atmosphere still retains some of the divey old-man bar vibe mixed in with a generous helping of Santeria-shrine-looking stuff.  Local and regional microbrews are always on tap.  The upstairs has a cool performance space, but for the most part I go for the food and beer.
Some people have decried the very generic menu descriptions on the blackboard menu, and truly they don't tell you very much.  The servers are generally able to answer questions, though, and to tell the truth, they have a very nice hand in the kitchen and I've never been disappointed by simply placing my faith in the kitchen and ordering, the food is very tasty.  Only thing I would say is be careful of sitting in the booths near the windows during cold weather, you'll freeze.   Otherwise, this place is right at the top of the gastropub pecking order in Philly and you won't be disappointed unless you're expecting fancy schmancy haute cuisine.  But if you are, you're probably hopelessly lost if you're down here anyway...I will definitely be back for the Bahn Mi!  House made seitan is the best I've ever had.  Relaxed, friendly and comfortable.  Great vegetarian options.I think is a really sweet place to see a band that you like. There's something I'm not really crazy about though as far as just hanging out and grabbing a drink with a friend. This will never really be one of my favorite bars to frequent unless I'm going to see music. I've been there a couple times now for shows and it's nice because it's small. I'm sick of going to big shows and concerts because it sucks standing elbow to elbow with thousands of sweaty annoying drunk kids. When a venue is too large sometimes you can't hear the sound very well and you're so far away and it quickly becomes impersonal and boring. I would recommend someone coming here for their first time to see a band they actually know and like so that they have a reason to stick around. Because I'm sure for a lot of people like myself, it's the kind of place where you might just get tired of all the cool kids and just go somewhere else. Mostly just that part of town harbors and annoying crowd so it's not Johnny brendas fault. Whoever that is.I won't go back to they bring the good food back. Remember the fried oyster days?
Fishtown stew? Sauted Trout? Gone for the sake of change?Great beer great food.  Ummmm octopus salad.  But anyway ever since they opened the upstairs I have seen some great bands roll through like silversun pickups or local heros like a fox!
Love the Hellos, haven't been there since the newest expansion look forward to going once I'm healed up.I'd give 3.5 stars if I could. 
Went here on Saturday for a bite to eat. We sat outside and that table given was so off balance I had to physically hold it up. 
Gregg, our server was great. He was fed busy but didn't let that affect his serving and attention to us and his other tables. 
The menu here is small. Like maybe 20 total things? Probably less actually. And they have specials which are on a chalk board that you have to get out of your chair to walk up and read. Also, it wasn't really legible. Anyway, we got the hummus a burger and a turkey burger. 
Food was average. Nothing to write home about. I've definitely had better burgers and better hummus. 
This was my first time here and I don't see myself going back anytime soon.I love Johnny Brenda's. I love playing shows there, I love watching shows there, I love drinking there, and I love eating there. I wish there was a Johnny Brenda's in South Philly.  The people that work there are awesome. The sound guys are the best sound guys in Philly, and the bartenders are awesome. I am friends with a cook there and she is awesome as well.  Great local beers on tap. The only thing that bothers me is that when a show is really crowded, there are drunk people constantly crashing into me, but that is not JB's problem. Walking from the upstairs bar to try and be in the room where the band plays can also be tricky if it's crowded, especially with all the wasted people spilling beer on you. But if you can catch a band in the balcony area, I highly recommend it. Loves it.I've eaten here, I've drank here, I've never seen music here.
My first JB's experience was for their Belgian Triple Fest more than a year ago.  My buddy and I arrived on a Saturday around 2pm and grabbed a booth and proceeded to go through flights of triples.  As we drank, our other friends showed and proceeded to do the same.  By the time we were through, I had tried their grilled octopus (delicious) and certainly tried enough beer.
After that, I returned for the full irish breakfast on St. Patty's Day.  This time I arrived at 9:30 am and not only was their a great menu, but an amazing assortment of stouts on tap.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
Since then, I've been back to shoot pool and get drinks.  Recently I came here after being at Frankford Hall for a few hours.  I had their burger which was quite tasty, shot pool and drank beer.  I was a wee bit drunk at the time, but I remember the burger being really good.
I know I'll be back.  Hopefully I can actually see a performance here sometime.This is definitely my favorite music venue / bar in all of Philadelphia, bar none!  I don't live anywhere near here, but it feels like my neighborhood place.  I want to move to fishtown so I can walk here!
The food is good (what I've had so far), the beer also, and the musical venue upstairs has unbelievable acoustics. It's intimate and can accommodate a variety of different acts.  They don't blow out your eardrums either, so you can actually still hear when you go home.  There's al fresco dining, and I'm a fan of most places with outdoor dining.
It's a totally comfortable place, welcoming of all people.  It might seem to cater to hipsters, but really, a nerd like me can even have fun there.Johnny Brenda's is my favorite bar venue in the whole Philadelphia/NYC Metro area.  This place has great food and (local) beers, as well as restrooms you don't need to be afraid to (if the situation arises) poop in.  The area isn't sketchy and parking is plentiful.
R5 Productions often books their over 21 shows here, so JBs gets extra props for that.  The venue area (upstairs) also has a great balcony (with bar).  The venue is roughly the same capacity as the North Star Bar.  JBs hosts artists and bands that could easily sell out much larger venues in NYC.I only wish I had more money to spend here! Their hummus was easily the best I've ever had!!! Ever! I will def be coming back! Any place that has Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. play there is cool with me.So this is good . . . 
Philly and I are not long time friends.  We met a few months ago when I moved here from lands far, far away.  Upon my arrival in the broken bell city, I was instantly struck by two stark realities.  First, everywhere offers cheap eats and drinks.  Fact: This place is easy on the wallet.  Second, Philly is chocked full of great spots to see music.  Johnny Brenda's tops my list of spots to check out a show.  
First off, I'm a bit of a music junkey.   Given the choice, I would rather burn my hard earned pay watching some crooner bellow out his or her latest tunes than booze my way through the latest pop ditties queued up on a new swanky macbook.  With that said, Johnny Brenda's walks the line between bar and venue nicely and so tops my list of places to spend a fine evening.    
First, the intimacy of the venue is fantastic.  I had the pleasure of checking out Jessica Lea Mayfield and I was struck by how available the artists seemed.  Besides the tiny stage, the whole lay out is reminiscent of someone's basement, giving it a backyard jam session feel.  However, where the house-party bar setup can, in some cases, seem over-hyped and cliche, Johnny Brenda's accomplishes it without sacrificing credibility.  This balance feeds heavily into the experience.  
Second, the beer list is killer.  The offerings rotate regularly and suited my tastes well.  Like many local watering holes, the beers were mostly philly locals and priced to move.  I dig it for sure. 
All and sundry, well worth a visit.Stopped in on a rainy weeknight to see what the king of all hipster bars had to offer for dinner.
Was promptly greeted by a friendly waitress and proceeded to order 1 of each of the raw oysters.
Oysters arrived and were fresh-tasting and came with small cups of vinegar and cocktail sauce. They were so tasty, we  ended up ordering a second round.
As for entres, I went with the chicken pot pie and my boyfriend ordered the salmon.
The chicken pot pie was small, but flavorful. The accompanying mashed potatoes could have used a little salt.
As for the salmon, it was cooked to perfection and  savory.
I have not been here on the weekends, but I heard it can get pretty crowded. Would probably just stick to having quiet weeknight dinners here.Honestly I think this place is overrated.  My first time here was this past summer (2011) and I was with 7 people and another just a few weeks ago (I think it was Dec 2nd, 2011).  
The first time we sat outside which was nice but it is right on Girard which is a major artery in Fishtown so there was a lot of traffic going by (not JB's fault) which can get a bit annoying with all the fumes when you are trying to eat.
The menu, as creative as it is, seems to be a bit pretentious for a bar.  It is almost like they are trying to be something they are not.  The food both times was decent but didn't blow me away especially for the price.  The 2 times I have been here the service was good and we didn't have to wait for ever for our food.  Very friendly staff.  I will go back someday, but with all the other restaurants in the area I am not in a hurry.JBs is my favorite place in Philly to see a show! It's a small intimate venue (venue is upstairs, bar / restaurant downstairs). They always have great shows and really promote local music (and beer). The food downstairs is great to grab a bite before the show. It's also cool to hang and play pool. 
But really, keep an eye out for the bands that come through here, the music is always a good time. I like to drop in, even if I don't know who's playing.Good grief, such a well-run, consistent place!  Being, er, old enough to have a kid in college, I don't get here much/enough. But when I do,  various things always happen: someone finds us quick, gets waters, explains a brew or two, shoots back with our pints... then with some food that is always good, and not in precious little gastro-portions, neither.  Favorite spot is outside watching the 15 trolley rattle by... or in a booth in the back with the late pm sun slanting in.  Five stars, easily.I simply Love Johnny Brendas! For a "dive" bar the food is pretty damn good, and they have a decent vegetarian selection. Of course the shows are great, I've found many a new bands here and I've never had a bad time. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is laid-back, and just a great place to spend the night. Their beer selection game can be stepped up a notch but it's not even that bad, and certainly not enough to get a minus. Yeah, just good times all around. Check it out for a random show one night, it'll be good times I'm sure.Hard to believe this is my first time reviewing JB's because I've been here dozens of times!  GREAT food, great beer, friendly staff, cool dark vibe to get your buzz on.A little hit or miss.  Was serving octopus over a decade ago, before it was hip.  Some things are solid, some things change every time.  Also, the menu has diminished and the brilliant variety I've seen in years past has dissipated.   Not terrible food (and sometimes even good), good drinks, but most importantly, some of the BEST music in the city.  Their show lineups are definitely what keep me coming back.  But if you want better food or beers, go to Frankford Hall next door.Our first time here. We went specifically to see Ages and Ages - they were awesome as always! I enjoyed the fact that the upstairs where they played had its own upstairs balcony - nice to have various views - but sound was definitely better right in front of the stage. 
We almost chose not to eat there, because of some bad food reviews. I'm glad we did anyway. All 3 of us ordered burgers, and they were GREAT. Really flavorful, not too big & sloppy. Fries were good, but a little on the salty side. One member of our party ordered the Rabbit Rillettes, which was OK - not much flavor, not enough baguette toasts to finish it. I doubt any of us would order it again. Loved the selection of beers & that you can order a flight. We shared 2 flights among the 3 of us and enjoyed every one.
The waitress was friendly & just attentive enough. Although the menu is somewhat limited, we would definitely go there for music again and look forward to the food & beer as well.I want to love this place, I really do but after giving it 2 chances I have been highly disappointed both times. $14 glasses of wine is absurd. Okay it's on tap I get it- but cmon it wasn't that spectacular, a little misleading because prices are no where to be seen for the wine and why would one think one glass of wine would carry such a hefty price tag. It was good wine but not GREAT. I've since researched the wine and let's just say the amount they are charging is highway robbery. 
Next the food- first time I was there I got the fries chicken sandwich. It was good not great. Next time I got the skirt steak with root veggies and mushrooms. What a disappointment!!! The food was cold! The steak was absurdly fatty. The root veggies were soggy. My friend got a steak salad it had zero salad dressing and was just blah and super bland.This place blew me away. A friend was coming into town and wanted to check out a band called blind pilot. We went down early to get some food and drinks. They had PBC Kenzinger on tap for $3 and other beers were relatively priced. I got the avocado and shrimp which was light and had some fresh salsa. My hombre got a swordfish skewer which came with gyro-ish toppings. The only bad part was that a guy playing pool started eating our food when we stepped out for a minute. The venue upstairs was unique to other places I've been too. We watched the bands from the balcony which has its own bar with all beers on tap. Really a great set-up to see a show.My son took me here on Friday for a late (4 pm) lunch and it was loud and packed with the Happy Hour crowd.  Luckily we were able to find a parking spot, which according to my son, who lives nearby, is usually a challenge.  I love soft shell crab, and that's what I ordered, my son had the BLT.  Both were very good.  Really wanted to join in the Happy Hour mood, but alas a long drive back to the suburbs in rush hour traffic awaited me.  The soft shell crab was delish--one of the best I've ever had.Awful. Sad because it's got a great atmosphere. Beer was flat drinks were warm and service stunk! Will not come back.I've been to a lot of small clubs, and played in several of them throughout the years, and this one is no different than most of them.  Cheap house sound equipment, passable sound quality, etc.  The stage was pretty cool, with the backdrop.  I'd say it was about 20 degrees hotter in the area than it should have been, and I think that with some updates, this place could be a really, really cool place to see a show.  As it stands now, it's ok.  This part is really going to make me sound like an old fuddy duddy - the band we were there to see was supposed to go on at 11:15.  The previous band finished up their set at about 10:45.  The closing band didn't start their set until after 11:45.  Why the heck does it take an hour to switch bands?  This place has house amps, unless the bands were sharing on the road, and still, it took forever to switch bands.  They should have had things torn down in five minutes, set up in 10, quick soundcheck, and start the show.  I don't want to be walking through Northern Liberties at 1 AM after the show ends, and since I live in Jersey, I don't want to be getting home after 1:30.
The thing I liked most about Johnny Brenda's was the fact that they had a decent draught beer list, even if it was a little too local for my tastes.  I love to see local beer on tap, but I feel like they had a somewhat weak sampling of local beer, compared to what they COULD have.  The draught prices were like 5 or 6 bucks for a pint, so I can't complain THAT much. 
/beersnobberyI love Johnny B's, I've been coming here since it opened. I've also dragged many, many friends who also became fans. But with the new chef -- WTF? You got rid of the Cubano sandwich and the Caesar salad?
Not everyone in the world can eat red meat and/or fried entrees. As some of us grow older, we have dietary restrictions. One of the great things about this place is that you could come with a group and there was something on the menu for everyone. Now, not so much.
The waitress told me to be patient as the new chef found his feet. I haven't been back since, so I don't know if he ever found them. Here's hoping.I was surprised how good the food was here.  I'd been here a few years ago before this hood was so cool, and before the Frankford beer hall and competition rolled in. Johnny Brendas has definitely stepped up their game.Fishtown's sorta out of the way, so I never really made it out there for any of the shows; until I saw Pissed Jeans was playing (amazing live).
I'm really glad I made the trek out there.
I showed up early so I sat at the bar for a while. They have a really nice selection of beers (but no PBR!) and food. The place is surprisingly big, with table seating towards the back. The bartenders were all really sweet and cute, too. Johnny Brenda's also has THE CLEANEST BAR BATHROOM I HAVE EVER PEED IN! So happy. Check out the jukebox, it will not disappoint. 
The venue upstairs was the absolute best. It's very cozy and intimate. The stage is just big enough to fit a 4 piece band and only stands about 3 feet high. There's another small bar upstairs with some very heavy handed bartenders so beware. The sound was phenomenal.  Everything sounded clean and perfect. I could actually hear the singer over the instruments. I went to bed that night without horrible ringing in my ears.
I usually avoid R5 shows nowadays since the average age of the crowd is 16, but this place has rekindled my love for live music.
Awesome place that lacks the douche-baggery that some other bars carry.
(But let's keep it that way, ok?)I really don't know what happened here. This was my go-to spot in Fishtown for the past 5 years, but unfortunately it seems like food quality has really fallen off over the last 6 months.  They seem to be trying a few different things with the food, but nothing is really working for me. 
Otherwise, they do have a pretty great beer list and the sandwiches are always fairly solid. They serve a respectable burger but nothing in comparison to a few of the other new local spots. 
As for music, this is still my favorite venue in the city. Amazing sound. Great atmosphere. Great sight lines. Great beer.Ok, Johnny Brendas. I go here fairly often.
The first floor bar is long. Ample number of tables in the back too. Lots of oddities adorn the wall and counter behind the bar. Stools are ragged and torn. Two pool tables take up a good bit of the first floor. 
Come summer, the outdoor seating is great. I enjoy watching the occasional el train go by and the hustle and bustle of Frankford & Girard. (The Girard Ave el stop is a hop, skip & jump away, another plus.)
Under the same ownership as Standard Tap, you will find strong similarities between the food & beer menus. The waitstaff are also very cordial and attentive, like at the Tap. Really tough to say one is "better" than the other. It really depends on you and what you're after on any given outing. A total "eye of the beholder" - type thing. 
The one thing JBs has that ST doesn't is a steady flow of live music on their second floor. I love going to see shows there. Since it is a little more rocking than it's sister bar to the south, does it attract a younger crowd you might ask? Well maybe, but it doesn't really matter. It's not a clubby, dancey, pukey, pretensey kind of young. It's more of a laid-back, chill vibe than anything else and that always crosses age barriers.
It's hard not to feel comfortable at JBs. It's gritty, but charming. If you want to let your hair down yet still require the quality of food and beer that comes with a top notch gastropub, this is the place to be.
My advice: Keep an eye on their band schedule and go see a show there!I've seen Johnny Brenda's go from a semi-hole in the wall, to a bustling concert venue/restaurant.  It was the first place, for me, that made Fishtown a cool place to come to.  There's always a fascinating crowd, and I'm happy they included outdoor seating when weather permits.  I have yet to see a concert but I've heard great things about the set up.  They really stepped it up a notch with the menu being above your normal bar food fare.  I have yet to try a dish I didn't enjoy.Went there with three other friends, one of them had an expired ID. Ok. We got it, she cannot order, they let us in, told bartender we have one person w/o a valid ID, and sold us two beers. While we were drinking by the bar, all of a sudden a guy came and literally grabbed our beers and said "get out of here now" rude and wth was that? Why you sold us beers and then 2 mins after we who have IDs are not allowed to drink either. Not to mention that rudeness. We got really mad and they sent out more ppl gladly other ppl there understood the situation and gave us money back. Just that one dude behind the bar, I wonder how your parents raise you, how can you be that rude to people. Shame.This place is great. I havent been in philly long but this was one of the first places I went out to. They have great live music and the food is always delicious! Great atmosphere too.I haven't been to JB's for a while to catch a show, but my girl and I have made a weekly trip there for an outdoor dinner on the nice days we have had. Service great, food awesome. My favorite Caesar salad in the city.  Just an awesome place to  have a beer and  chat while people watching on Girard. Very very interesting. 
I know there is a whole thing out there about the staff, I think everyone there is very nice and accomodating.I want to give this place a better review but the service is consistently awful. Servers are slow, ignore you for extended lengths of time and forget getting your check in a timely manner. You're pretty much on your own after you order. The food is ok - hit or miss. I try to limit my visits.Does it get cooler than a rocker bar with live music, local and regional microbrews and gastropub food that tastes like it could be served in a fine dining restaurant??? I think not. Johnny Brenda's is a drive from the main auspices of Rittenhouse but it's well worth the trek - now I just have to hit up Standard Tap. Oh Philly, I'd be fat and broke if I lived here.Great little club! It was pretty crowded but I could still get to the front of the stage. I drank beer, I watched a show, and it was pretty. When in Philadelphia again I will be sure to  check what's happening at Johnny Brenda's.Really liked this place - inviting on the outside with some outdoor seating and stringed lights. The inside was darker and there are several rooms with seating in the back. You first walk into a very basic bar front with a pool table. Really friendly service and a good beer selection. Will be coming back to try the food!i LOVE this place. its nothing special in terms of the look. but the food is awesome #fanchickensandwhich. and the drinks are cool. i love the fact that they have wine on tap. So 2015 of them :-)  went to a concert here upstairs and its was small, intimate and just all that. the people in general are chill and definitely my vibe. i'll be back again and again...We had a great time there last night. Great service by Woody at the front bar. Only had drinks but the atmosphere was good. Groups of all ages checking out the bar and music. Daily food specials looked great. Wish we did not eat before we got there.This place was aight. Can't believe I'd yet to visit, but hey, Vichet's a busy man, no?
I may be totally off, here, but I got the sense they were going for a biker bar feel, which is cool. Although, there were no bikers to be found. Not quite as cool.
Either way, they had a DJ spinning actual vinyl. That gave the place points. The selection last night was all Victory beers, which I think may have had something to do with beer week. 
Other than that, you get quick friendly service, fun people having a good time while getting sloppy, and me and my friend discussing the various personality defects we've discovered about ourselves in the 6 years that we hadn't seen each other.
I'll be back for food or a show, and then perhaps bump this place up to 4 stars.
Check it out!