Now this is what I call a very good cheesesteak. You can see them making your sandwich with chopped beef and some provolone. As expected, the chopped beef rather than slice gives it an extra flavor that just taste outstanding with the provolone. Definitely a must try at this place. 
Another outstanding sandwich is the Roast Pork. One of my biggest regrets in life is ordering the small instead of the large roast pork. It was my first time trying a Roast Pork and just really fell in love with all the flavors. The Roast Pork was very tender and moist full of spices and the spinach went perfect with the sandwich. Like I said should have ordered the large. 
This is definitely a must stop every time I'm in town. I really don't see a reason to go anywhere else.Tried their famous roasted pork sandwich. Not for me. Tasted like vinegar. Did that special sauce say "Summers Eve" on it?If you want a great cheesesteak, Johns is the place to go. If you want great customer service, please avoid at all cost. The staff is rude and unorganized. They talk down to their customers and mock new patrons for not successfully navigating their confusing line system. We get it, you're from South Philly. Quit trying to give off a perception of being a hard nose tough guy and make my sandwich.Yep, this is the best roast pork sammich there is. Get into the car and go there for lunch today.Outstanding.  Pizza Steak with onions is Delish.  Fries and onion rings are tasty too.  But do yourself a favor and just call ahead.  It's worth not waiting online. Great choice!!I'd read so many reviews saying this was many yelpers' #1 favorite cheesesteak joint in philly, so I had high hopes walking in. This was the first stop of many on the "cheesesteak tour" I took my brother on when he was visiting from out of town. We got the original cheesesteak with onions and it was a solid sandwich, mostly because the steak was decent quality and not super greasy, but nothing to write home about. Also inaccessible without a car so I think I'll stick to Jim's for my cheesesteak cravings!So damn delicious. We came to Philly for a couple of days and this was our first stop. We were indecisive, so we split a roast pork and a cheesesteak. The roast pork is really delicious, though I think it is definitely meant to be eaten IMMEDIATELY or it gets too soggy. The cheesesteak was our favorite, though. So much so that we actually came back here two days later for breakfast on our way out of town. My first cheesesteak had American cheese, and my second had sharp provolone, and I was surprised that I actually preferred the American version (though both were wonderful). I think this will become one of those places we have to hit if we're ever within like 45 minutes of here.This is the best place to go for a great philly steak and roast pork sandwich. It's a little off the beaten path and it's as touristy as the other steak shops. It's a mom and pop shop. Literally, the owners and workers are related. While we were there, what looked to be the mother was there sitting outside with patrons, and what looked to be the children were inside taking orders and making sandwiches. I got the chicken philly and it was fabulous and my boyfriend got the roast pork. The sandwiches are massive and we literally had enough leftover to eat for dinner. It seemed that most people got their sandwiches to go, but there is some seating outside where you can eat there. Definitely go!Absolutely the best Philly steaks and roast pork.  The attitude is brusque, the wait is a bit annoying, but the sandwiches are completely worth it.  GREAT FOOD!I moved out of Pennsport earlier this year, and one of the biggest regrets I have about leaving the neighborhood is being seperated from this eatery.  Johns Roast Pork is, hands down, the best cheesesteak I have ever eaten.
From the moment you walk into Johns, you know you're in for a treat.  The atmosphere is quaint and unpretentious like other more well-known Philly steak joints.  Now and again you might find a tourist who was tipped off and somehow found their way down to this section of town.  However, by and large, the customers in line are comprised of city workers, dock workers, white collar suits, and people from the neighborhood.
And that's what you get treated like here -- like you're from the neighborhood.  The family and crew that run this multi-generational shop treat you as if you were a member of the family.  I have never had a bad experience at Johns, and I have been here probably 20-30 times since last summer.
All items are made per order.  There's no 10 lbs. of precooked meat on the grill here.  That being stated, be prepared to wait if there is a line ahead of you.  It's worth it though.  My favorite is a mushroom steak with grilled onions and sharp.  Grab a drink and some Tastykake Krimpets for deserts, and you're all set!
Not in the mood for a steak or just don't want to wait?  No problem.  Skip the line and go for the namesake, the roast pork sandwich.  Heaven!  It's marinated in a special recipe, and you get lots of it.  Like the cheesesteak, the large roast pork is served on a long roll with sesame seeds.  Too good for words.  Or go for breakfast and get a scrapple and egg sandwich.
The only downside is the hours of operation.  It makes it a bit cumbersome sometimes.  But if I have the afternoon free and 45 minutes to spare on SEPTA, you know where I'll be.  Johns Roast Pork!Being a manager of a cheese steak place my self i was very surprised on how delicious this sandwich is. I have my lest of things that i look for and this place made my mouth water for another one the very next day.SO Philly.  It reminds you of NYC, only dirtier.  It's called Roast Pork but 90% of the people there when I went were there for cheesesteaks which itself is very Philly (perennial second place for their number ones!).  The cheesesteaks are as advertised: fresh, thick, rich, dense, tasty.  The meat is very flavorful, but it's a little more chewy than I like.  Cash only.  Also, be prepared to wait.  I went in about 1:20pm on a Saturday and got my cheesesteak by 2pm.  Parking is tricky, but doable. I parked on the other side of the tracks...  There's a joke in there somewhere, I just know it...  Why four stars instead of five?  Because it's Philly!  There's always something to get into a fist fight about...Best sweet pepper cheese steak I ever had with a philly attitude to go with. Highly recommended and you do get a ton of food.Truly the best cheese steak that I've ever had. You must get it with sharp provolone and long hots. They note accept credit cards.I had heard about John's for years from many people but never got around to trying it, being a loyal fan of the "other place" famous for roast pork in Philly.  
Anyway, today I was in the neighborhood too short on time to go to the "other guy" and hungry enough to break down and give John's a try.
I ordered the roast pork sandwich with provolone and added no condiments or additional spices.  I have always held the roast pork from the "other place" in high regard, but I have to tell you, the sandwich I had from John's was a borderline religious experience!  The depth of flavor he's able to achieve in the meat is extraordinary -- the man can make the palate dance.  I was converted right on the spot.  So glad I ordered two (one for lunch, one for dinner -- did I say I love roast pork?).  Added bonus is that the sandwiches contained what I believe to be a fair portion of meat for the price --no skimping here.
When I picked up the wife from work today I told her about John's and she wanted to 
try either their meatball or sausage sandwich with provolone and red gravy, so we stopped back.  The owner was kind enough to let her sample a meatball to help make her decision (she loved it, but was more in the mood for sausage).  
The wife is raving about the sausage sandwich and is looking forward to getting the meatball version on our next visit.  Even my dinner roast pork sandwich, now several hours old and cold was as flavorful as the first.  
Will definitely be back -- sorry, "other guy," but John's got you beat hands down, IMHO.amazing....
I have been eating here for years and it  is consistently  the best  roast pork & cheese steak in Philly. fresh sarcones rolls, sharp provolone & generous helpings of pork each time 
 I only have 2 problems with johns -
only open until 3pm  M-F
seating can sometimes be limited.Good stuff. The only issue with this place is that it closes a little early. Otherwise, it is a greayt spot.Best cheese steak in the city. Call ahead and order if you can b/c the line gets long. I prefer American and Whiz cheese with fried onions, "American-Whiz Wit" would be appreciated when ordering.the best cheesesteaks in philly! 
why are they different? 1) they're nice. 2) the sandwiches are meatier. 3) the bread!You guys, I did it. After almost 4 years of living in Philadelphia and growing up 30 minutes down I95, I found my favorite sandwich in all of Philadelphia. And to think it's been nestled only 6 blocks away from my current house! I'm almost embarrassed to admit that it took me this long to try John's. 
Being that today is Valentine's day and I generally eat my emotions when miserable, I figured that today was the perfect day to skip classes and walk over to see what everyone in the world has been hyping up. I took the advice of all you lovely Yelpers and called my order in - large roast pork with sharp provolone and sauteed spinach. I was told 5-10 minutes, and after a 15 minute walk and a 5 minute wait in the smallest place ever, I had my hefty sandwich, a diet A&W root beer (hey, SOMETHING had to be no calories about this meal), and a table outside on this unseasonably gorgeous day. 
If I had been alone outside instead of surrounded by all sorts of people, I would've said outloud what I said to myself: HOLY FUCK THIS IS THE MOST RIDICULOUS THING I HAVE EVER INGESTED. Seriously, after the first bite I was in love. The roast pork is impeccably seasoned and tender, the spinach is sauteed with lots of delicious garlic, and the juices from both of those made the Sarcones rolls, which normally cut my gums from being too hard, nice and moist. I literally ate half of that monster in probably like 5 minutes, which I'm sure disgusted everyone around me because no one should eat that much food that quickly. I'm attempting to save the other half for dinner but to be perfectly honest I keep sneaking bites every time I make a fake excuse to go to my fridge. 
Seriously, if anyone ever claims that there is a better roast pork sandwich in Philadelphia they are wrong and deserved to be slapped and carted here immediately so you can prove them wrong and say "I told you so" at least 50 times to their face.
(Important facts - they close at 3 and really are usually busy so calling in your order may be a good idea if you're in a rush. Also - cash only)
15 MINUTES POST-REVIEW EDIT: The sandwich is finished. So much for dinner!Yes, I think that their cheesesteaks are the best in the city.  They are packed with juicy meat, very flavorful.  The only drawback is that it's not easy to get there since they close early and are in out of the way place for me.  However, when I make field trips for work down to the South Philly area, I have to stop in and have the best.What can be said. It's simply a perfect roast pork sandwich. I'm not going to say it's the best because honestly, do we want to live in a world in which one sandwich reigns supreme?  No. We want a world (or at least a Philly) in which a number of sandwiches can stand together as a team.  Like the Eagles.  Anyway, with that said, this one calls to me every once in a while and I must answer. What a beautiful thing.Seems so odd to say considering it is such a non-descript shack in the middle of nowhere, but this shack with hardly any seating (and no indoor seating) has both the best cheesesteaks AND the best roast pork sandwiches.  Not just in Philly... anywhere.
Bon Appetit, other publications, TV food hosts, and plenty of others agree.  Many sources (including Andrew Zimmern) think that the roast pork sandwich here is the best sandwich in the country.  Period.
It really is that good.Best sandwich I've ever had 
Generous portion ( 12 oz.) 
Quality ingredients 
Very price worthy  $9 for a huge sandwich
No indoor seating 
Odd ordering system
Small little shop
Cash only 
Only open till around 3 or till they run out of breadBest Cheesesteak hands down. When it's time for a Cheesesteak. We will be trying the pork sandwich on next visit . Atmosphere was rediculous !! But in a great experience kind of way ! Gives you something to do while waiting for your food . awesome place .I wrote a bad review awhile back for their cheesesteak, which I still think was one of the worst I had in Philly because the beef was as chewy as rubber at times.
BUT THE ROAST PORK! I don't know why people don't get it more. Best pork sandwich I've possibly had ever. Comes with spinach for some greens. Really 5 star.Here's what I love about a place like this: it's REAL.  It feels like it hasn't been updated in a while.  Yeah, the "seating" consists of old picnic tables in a vacant lot behind the building.  Sometimes the steaks take a while.  Because each order is made fresh.  Yeah, there's a line out the door.   There's a system but the system isn't confusing.  Separate counters depending on what you're ordering.  Read the signs, go where you need to go, and know what you want on your sandwich.  You need to have your choices ready to roll when you get up the counter. The staff is all yelling at each other (in an it's-extremely-crowded-and-noisy-in-here kind of way, not a mean way).  The place is a zoo but somehow the staff is very friendly and efficient.  Oh, and by the way, the place is a zoo because it's unique, classic, and incredible.
The food?  Mind-blowing.  We got and split a roast pork sandwich (spinach and sharp provolone) and a cheesesteak (mushrooms, onions, peppers, provolone).  Banana and cherry peppers and pickles on a shelf outside the building if you're interested.  I really can't say what comments were exchanged while we were eating because I don't think either of us bothered to speak.  We just ate.  Both sandwiches were wonderfully flavorful, melty, crispy, rich.  If you want to know what old-school Philly food is (i.e. if you want to, I don't know, have the Rocky theme playing in the back of your head while you eat), go here.  There was far more food than we needed, which isn't the same as saying we didn't finish it.  We threw out empty wrappers when we left.Maybe I'm missing something here. I came down to Philly with a buddy to see some historic sights (The USS Olympia is a historic "must see" as Dewey's flagship in the Battle of Manila Bay in 1898).
Waited in line a good 30-40 minutes for the Pork sandwich w/ mild provolone and spinach. Not only was I unimpressed, I didn't care for the flavor of the pork at all. I really couldn't put my finger on it, and perhaps thought it was the spinach funkifying the sandwich but when I got the 2nd half home hours later and it still sucked, I figured it out. Either the brine they soak the pork in or the pork itself has that same flavor of the spice packet that you get with supermarket corned beef. If I wanted a damned corned beef sandwich, I'd have gone to a kosher deli.
My buddy ordered the chicken philly cheese steak  and it was pretty damned good, so perhaps John's philly cheese steak is good as well. Could not say as I didn't order it.
All I know is that the pork sandwich was NOT good and I wound up throwing away most of the 2nd half of the admittedly generous portion.
Tony Luke's pork is MUCH better and I didn't try DiNics Pork sandwich, which won the Best Sandwich in the US, but the best sandwich I've had at all the places that I've been to was the Fried Chicken cutlet, mild provolone, and broccoli rabe at Tony Lukes.   
I'll try DiNic's next time I'm in Philly.Visited Philly on a whim and what an amazing place to eat!  We picked it based on multiple good reviews on multiple sources and you definitely won't be disappointed.  Any time I'm near this spot, I'm going to go out of my way to eat there.  Friendly staff, quick service, and amazing food!  We ordered a Philly Cheese Steak and the famous Roast Pork.  Both had their own unique flavor and were delicious.  I'm recommending this spot to everyone!!After reading great reviews on Yelp and seeing John's on the PA episode of Bizarre Foods, I finally got around to trying their roast pork sandwich.  I've made a few trips since then and it's been great every time.
I recommend the roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach.  It's one of my favorite sandwiches.  I've heard good things about their cheese steaks but haven't tried one yet.
Be aware, John's can get busy around lunch time and if you order from the grill be prepared to wait.Hands down the best cheesesteak anywhere!  Get a Sharp Prov Wit.  So good.  The roast pork and other sandwiches are also very good.  Only downside are the hours.My husband and I went to Philly for the first time this weekend. We are from New York/ New Jersey so we had our filled of delicious food. John's Roast Pork was the first spot we hit in Philly on our way from Jersey. We got a roast pork sandwich with provolone cheese and spinach and a cheesesteak with American cheese and onions. We both had half of each sandwich. And O M G - hands down the best cheesesteak and roast pork sandwich we ever had. We thought - how can it get better than this?!? After 2 days we took 3 of our other friends back there and they thought it was awesome too! The workers even remember us and asked if we live there! We just couldn't get enough! We went to 2 other cheesesteak joint and it was not as good in comparison. If you visit Philly, this is a must try place!!! They won a James Beard award and they don't give those out to just anyone!We were in Philly for one night and I had to check of a Philly cheese steak off my bucket list.  After reading many reviews we decided to try John's because of the rave reviews for the pork.  We ordered the pork a cheese steak.  The steak was good but the pork was beyond delicious.   Can't wait to come back.  Pork all the way!!!!Roast Pork with spinach and sharp provolone was excellent!!! My wife had the bacon cheese steak and said it was the best cheese steak she's had!! Definitely coming back. 
Only issue was we went back on Saturday around 1145 and they were closed...we were a little frustrated since their hours say 9am -4pm Saturdays. Thats the only reason i gave 4 stars.Wrote a review on here sometime ago calling Tony Luke's a fraud, well after having a cheesesteak from John's Roast Pork, I stand by my review even more. How anyone can eat at Tony Luke's with this place just a few miles away is beyond me. The same guy that cooks takes your order after he is done preparing the order he was working on...Hey it works for them!!I finally had a chance to go to John's Roast Pork and I had one of the best cheesesteaks I have ever had in the City of Philadelphia. I met a positive wonderful staff member named Lisa who let me sample the roasted pork and all I can say is.......mind blowing!!!!!!! John's Roast Pork is definitely the BEST in Philadelphia. If you haven't eaten there yet, you have to get there.I drove past this place so many times without noticing it, until my mom suggested I check it out (she saw a review in Gourmet magazine).  As soon as my girlfriend and I drove up, we could tell we'd been missing something great. The smiling pig sign (he's happy because he's so delicious!) and the line out the door, the incredible mash-up of Philly characters, all those awards displayed...
We usually get a small roast pork with sharp provolone and a steak with grilled onions, american, and ketchup. I like provolone on the steak too, but the gf prefers the ooey gooey american. We split the pork and steak so we can sample both sandwiches because they are both SO GOOD. we usually have leftovers to eat for dinner, and spent a little over $20 with sodas (cash only). 
ROAST PORK: the small comes on a kaiser roll, large comes on a sesame seed roll. the pork is served from a pot where it's been marinating in delicious, spicy, clove-infused juices. i've never noticed it to be too salty, but it's definitely very strongly flavored (stay away if that's not your thing). the roll gets soggy quickly so eat up (though it's still delicious even the next day)! what a mouthful of deliciousness!
note that if you're just ordering a pork sandwich you don't have to stand in the grill line - you can usually cut in front of most people (wait till the pork man yells to the line for any pork orders)
STEAK: made fresh to order as per your instructions. yelpers have said this already, but it's worth repeating - the meat is delicious, enveloped with plenty of cheese in every bite, cradled in that roll...mmm! definitely the best cheesesteak i've ever had. and for those who complain about no cheese whiz - fuck cheese whiz. 
in the cold months, eat in your car if you can to enjoy the freshest sandwiches. when it's warm enough to eat oustide, make it a point to sit at the picnic tables. i had the pleasure of dining a few times with the lady who runs the place - not sure of her name, but her sons manage it now (she just comes to eat!). she told me all about her son, and is happy to sit and talk with her happy customers...
in sum, john's roast pork is a culinary and social EXPERIENCE! check it out - it's not THAT hard to find (grab a friend with a car and GO on your lunch break), worth the (brief) wait, and soooooooo delicious!
ps: i'm really surprised no one has mentioned the REASON for the limited hours and location: they first opened to serve the dock workers, and haven't changed their hours or location (or their recipes, i imagine) since!This was the Best Cheesesteak that I have had in Philadelphia so far. Great portion of meat, the cheese and the onions were blended in, and not seperated. So beyond the great presentation, then there was the taste, which was just phenomenal. Not only did it have a great seasond taste, the cheese and the onions were in every bite. Look forward to trying the roast pork on the next visit!!This place is everything I expected and I could not be more happy with my food, service and experience. This is the only place I required we go to on our trip to Philly, not the Rocky statue, not the Liberty Bell, but John's. I first learned of this place on an episode of Bizarre Foods on the Travel Channel. The place is run by the children and the matriarch sits at one of the tables outside just like she did on Bizarre Foods. I got the traditional pork sandwich with cheese, peppers and spinach and it was one of the best sandwiches of my life and it was so big I sadly couldn't eat it all. Do yourself a favor and skip the cheese steak places and get a real Philly staple, a roast pork sandwich from John's.Didn't understand what the big fuss was about - my pork sandwich tasted kind of salty, bland, and watery. This was at lunchtime on a weekday while they were doing a lot of business, so everything should have been fresh...sooooo sooooo good
and they gave a ton of roast pork to my dog-these guys are the best!The roast pork is moist but flavorless. You definitely need cheese and maybe some bitter broccoli rabe to add some taste to it. The pork is too wet so it makes the bread really soggy.
The cheese steak on the other hand, that's one of my favorites. It comes on a nice sub w/ sesame seeds. The sesame adds a lot to the taste.Place was closed when I showed up at 8 on Friday the 23rd. You want a good review you need to be open. It didn't even have an explanation as to why they were closed. I went two hours out of my way for this mediocrity.I had the Roast Pork and the Cheesesteak...kind of by mistake,  they accidentally made me both sandwiches & ended up giving me one for free.  The Roast Pork was great, juicy but not too wet.  The steak and cheese was ok...I would go back for the roast pork though. 
5 star custom service for sure...I gave them a fat tip to make up for the free sandwich!Great steak sandwich but my problem with this place is that no one wears gloves. They handle your food with bare hands, kinda nasty !Good food, nice staph and good atmosphere. I would definitely eat here again. This is a good spot.Nice! This is the first time having a cheesesteak for me. I really enjoyed it! The sandwiches are really fast and fresh, and the service is really friendly. I recommend their roast beef and roast pork sandwiches, but back away from the Italian sausage. It's just bread and sausage. If you're close by, give it a try!A big thanks to Yelp for helping me find a perfect cheesesteak sandwich. 
Fortunately, I walked in at 6:45 Monday night and ordered immediately. 
While waiting for the sandwich to be made, I spoke with the 83 year old matriarch of the Bucci family. Over three generations at the same location making sandwiches, I didn't realize just how good a cheesesteak I was going to eat. 
A 10!!!!No really, it's the best cheesesteak in the Illadelph! I don't care what people may say about the other (very worthy) establishments, John's cheesesteak is phenomenal (my mouth literally just started to water and I haven't been there in a month).
The hours are VERY limited but this place is not only worth the trip - it's worth playing hooky for. There are some tables outside and there's not a lot of room inside but if you want a posh atmosphere I think you've stumbled upon the wrong review for the wrong type of food.
A word to the wise, they call it John's Roast Pork for a reason so I suggest bringing a few bucks to get one of those as an appetizer while your steak is cooking or to bring on the road with you for dessert.I walked a long way to get to John's Roast pork only to find myself in a long queue. It smelled great and I was really excited to try Philly's supposed best. 
I ordered the signature roast pork which was frankly a little low on flavour. Good thing they have a counter for unlimited (and free!) pickles to spice things up. I wrapped some up for later and it was a b-a-d idea. The sandwich is strictly average once it is cold and I had to throw some away. I didn't go back but I have a hunch the steaks are better. 
It's super crowded - at least on Saturdays during lunch so make sure you have enough time.Get in line and get a sandwich. It's worth the wait, parking issue or any other obstacle to eat here. Best Philly cheese, best  pork. Hands down this place wins.Cheesesteak just OK. Lots of meat, but not much cheese & hardly any onions. I've had better back home in California. Bathroom was really gross, enter at your own risk. Rat trap under the pedestal sink!!I was headed back to Detroit from a business trip and had some extra time before my flight. I love that John's is so close to the airport! Having tried Philly cheese steak knock offs all over the country, it's nice to come back to an original. I just love the simplicity of John's place, but the tastiness of the food! You can't beat this cheese steak!!!If you want a true south philly classic, go here. Roast pork sandwhich with brocoli rabe is to die for. Can't get it over here in nj.While the food is generally good - old school but good - the service is so bad that it will generally appeal only to tourists, the aged and those who have nowhere else to be all day.  Whether it is crowded or not, you will be ignored for as long as possible while a girl behind the counter plays with a rag or her nails.  It seems more intentional than anything else, which is particularly annoying - like you are bothering them with your very presence.  There are other good sandwich places nearby (Tony Lukes etc) where the line may be twice as long but will move twice as fast.Like everyone says the roast pork italiano is a good sandwich.  What I agree with more is that the cheesesteak is a great sandwich.  If you're new to the order line, just remember that the grill orders go to the grill guy, and the pork and roast beef orders go to the pork lady.  I didn't know that.  Now I know.  The James Beard award is a nice touch.I have tried quite a few different places in the philly area for cheesesteaks sandwiches and wow I'd say Johns Roast pork cheesesteak sandwich is really top notch. As a matter of fact, I put John's Roast Pork and Max's tied for first for the best cheesesteak in the philly area. Seagraves in Elsinboro township in NJ would be in second. The cheesesteak at John's is delicious, super tasty and you can see it as they cook it on their flat iron grill. Small place but has quite the following. My cheesesteak sandwich had white American cheese with onions and mushrooms. Super delicious!Thank you Yelpers for letting me know about John's in Philly.  If you have yet to have your cheese steak cherry popped, please head straight to John's.  Their sandwiches are HUGE compared to the one I had at Jim's on South Street, and oohhhh soooo delicious!  It made me forget I was eating on an outdoor bench in 40 degree weather.  Also try their famous roast pork sandwich.  Tender cuts of roasted pork seasoned perfectly with their secret family recipe.  I suggest the  large roasted pork sandwich with mild provolone, onion rings and a root beer...heaven on Earth.  The line to this place was out the door when we got there and now I know why.  
This place is kinda off the beaten path - having a GPS in the car helped, but we still ended up making a few wrong turns before we found it.  Parking isn't a problem - you can park on the street, or, if that isn't available, there is a shopping center right across the street that has tons of parking.Philadelphia, Pennsylvsnia ---
"John's Roast Potk" is a Philly icon for the famous Philly steak & pork sandwich since 1930.
It is located on Snyder near 2nd Street, home of the famous annual January 1 "Mummer's 2 Street pARTy".
The place is true Philly!  A true "cheese, no cheese" place.  Know what you want, know where to stand, & be assertive.
Signs are there, but they are only clear to the regular customer.  People are standing everywhere, with people who ordered & people who have yet to order, and 
... mixed together with those who want a grilled Philly steak sub/hoagie OR roast pork "sandwich" (which is actually a sub/hoagie) ...
the staff is frienfly, but Philly direct ... know what you want and don't hold up the line!
A small location with lots of character.  Outdoor & indoor seating tables available.  Be prepared to share a table.  No off-street parking (that I saw), and limited street parking.
A "Run-A-Way Bill" Favorite experience, although, not my personal favorite Philly steak sandwich.
As a 1st-timer, I totally enjoyed the chaos & perdonslities of the staff.
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
#RunAwayBill #FoodUSA #FoodRAB #Philidelphia #Philly #PhillyCheeseSteak #JohnsRoastPork 
04.27.18Great authentic Philly cheesesteak best that we have had in the city. This is where the locals go not a tourist trap the employees are great and the food is unbelievable.Great pork sandwich and a unique Philly experience. If this place hasn't been on a food tv show, it should be next up.They ran out of bread!  Really??  Went over to Tony Lukes where they had plenty of bread!I've been living in cheesesteak desert for the past 4 years; I was reminiscing over cheesesteaks past and stumbled upon this review again.  Mouth watering... belly rumbling... can't wait till my next visit.....BAR NONE, the best cheesesteak in all of the world (and it ain't even close). I have enjoyed many good cheesteaks in my life but nothing can compare to John's. I am not sure what is better the insane quality of the meat or the crispy chewy seeded roll it comes on! I swear their grill adds something (maybe crack) to the flavor of the sandwich that makes John's flavor so distinct and delicious! If you are into cheesesteaks you have got to get here ASAP!Wow great roast pork sandwich with spinach and provolone....the staff was great to... We had just flew into philly airport and they made us feel right at homeI am a whiz fan, through and through.  I usually dont get a cheesesteak if they dont offer whiz, but I heard so much...
I waited in line for 45 minutes, but I would do it again in a heartbeat!!!
The staff is so super nice.
I really wanted to try the roast pork, but I had come for a cheesesteak, so that's what I got.
American with friend onions.
Without a doubt the most flavorful meat without the strings of fat!  The cheese was thoroughly mixed.  There wasnt a single bite that was gooey cheesey goodness.
My only problem,,,Too big.  After the first half, I wanted just a little bit more and half way through the second half, my tummy was full, but it was so good, I forced myself to finish.
Needless to say, I didnt eat anything else the rest of the day!
Side Note: If you need to have whiz, try Sonny's at 3rd and MarketThis place never seemed to be open whenever I wanted it, but FINALLY I got here this past Saturday around noon while Christmas shopping.
Was it an amazing cheesesteak that I'm dying to have again? No.  But was it a very good, piping hot lunch perfect for a cold day? Yes.  
I do want to return and try their namesake roast pork and perhaps a meatball sub.  I like that they also serve hot breakfast sandwiches, fries, onion rings, etc.  A nice varied menu.
The ordering process was, well, hectic.  Crammed into that TINY space with people shouting names and orders over each other for about 20 minutes wasn't ideal, but gives me hope about how much of a staple this place is and how their food is in such high demand.  No wonder they have limited hours - they must sell out of stuff quickly.  
I really loved the local, no gimmicks feel of the place.  All the staff was super friendly and it felt like a neighborhood "everyone knows everyone" spot.  
I loved even more that warm, fresh seeded roll - it makes such a difference!  The American cheese on my steak was plentiful and gooey and the steak was fresh and juicy, but I do wish it was seasoned with a little more S&P.  Fried onions were on point.
Parking is limited and be prepared to wait quite a bit for your food as it's made fresh to order.The BEST CHEESESTEAK in the world. I'm not a big pork guy but the pork is very good and the roast beef is decent too.  The grill goes off at 230pm so get there early.I've decided to write my first review on John's Roast Pork. Not for any particular reason. Just because I have some time to kill and I'm beginning to make friends on Yelp (which I didn't even know was possible until a few months ago) so I don't want to be completely useless.
JRP is located on an interesting intersection of Snyder and Weccacoe. I say interesting but I mean chaotic. Every street intersecting with Snyder is a 4 way stop sign where no one understands what a stop sign is for.
That being said, I made it there alive. I heard it gets busy but I was there around noon on a Thursday and there were only 3 people in front of me. I ordered the roast pork sandwich with onions, peppers, and sharp provolone. 
They made the sandwich very quickly but it turned out they don't take credit cards. Fortunately there is an ATM right next to the register. Unfortunately for me, I lost my debit card about a month ago, got a new PIN, and I couldn't remember what it was. The sandwich came out to be a little over $7 and I only had $7 in cash on me. The wonderful woman at the register told me not to worry about it and just gave me the sandwich for the $7 I had. I wasn't able to buy a drink but I wasn't going to complain after that.
The sandwich was delicious. There is no seating inside the restaurant but there are tables just outside. The pork was super juicy and dripping in whatever sauce they cook it in but the bread remained soft without sopping up every juice and becoming soggy. I punished the sandwich in about 3 minutes and went on my merry way. 
Overall a great restaurant, kind people with quick service, and delicious food. The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because it's in Philly. I hate you Philly.I came here and got the famous Roast Pork that John's is known for and I wasn't really impressed. I just don't get it. We ate it right away and the roll was already soggy and the meat was too salty. I would give their cheesesteaks a try, but I will probably not be getting the roast pork again. Really unfortunate since I had heard such good things about this place.I don't understand the hype. My brother and I are from Boston, MA and we had read great things about this restaurant. We got and split both a pork sandwich and a cheesesteak sandwich and I truly don't understand how this place gets away with selling $10 sandwiches that taste average at best. As in, I could make the same quality cheesesteak in my own home but in all honesty, this might speak to the low ceiling of a cheesesteak sandwich to begin with. However, the portions are sizable and I had trouble finishing 3/4ths of a sandwich. If this review doesn't dissuade the reader from trying this overhyped sandwich joint, I recommend the cheesesteak over the roast pork.James Beard award.  Do I need to say more?
Ok, fine.  It's awesome, plain and simple.  The roast pork and the cheesesteak are ridiculously good.  The hot roast beef was good, but not on the same level as the other two.  The M-F only hours mean it's hard to get there, but it's worth the wait.  
Definitely one of Philly's hidden gems.I came here while I was in Philly for a cousins wedding. For months I had been recommending this place to my entire family. Unfortunately all the hype was a waste of time. We went there on a Tuesday afternoon around lunchtime, the line was around the corner, but I was determined to show my family the best Philly cheesesteak's in Philadelphia. We finally got our sandwiches, sat down and ate them only to discover that they were all dry and unseasoned. Never again will I come here. You're better off going to Gino's/Pats/Jim's/Steves for an amazing expierience.It's the best pork sandwich in Philly.  The place itself is a shack, and i mean a shack, however the sandwiches are excellent.  It's a popular spot so be prepared to wait in line.  It's an interesting South Philly experience, everyone calls the owners mother, mom and it's a friendly place.   I really enjoy it.At first I complained about the price, but then after I got my meal, I realized that I could feed 2 to 3 people!!  The steak was very tasty. The fries should be split between 2 or 3 people. Lol. The next time I go here I'll have to try the cheesesteak with spinach. Just a hint...you may want them to cut your sandwich in 3.  :-)Oh my goodness!  That is how I felt after biting into my roast pork sandwich.  I ordered my pork with sharp provolone.  The order process was simple and straightforward.  I was surprised to see they use spinach instead of broccoli rabe.  I decided to skip getting that on my sandwich.   My pork was tender and seasoned very well.  The roll played a perfect companion to the sandwich.  It definitely was one of those live in the present culinary experience.  I tried to savor each and every bite.  
The restaurant is small.  There is seating outside, but it is very limited.   If you arrive by car, parking can be a little tricky.  There is a strip mall across the street with a parking lot.  I really can't imagine a better tasting roast pork sandwich.I feel like I cheated coming to this place for one of my first cheese steaks. This thing was incredible. Perfectly crispy beef, real provolone cheese, sauteed onions and mushrooms. Doesn't get any better than this.I do not understand the attraction.  What I just got was a peppery (otherwise tasteless) $10 pork sandwich with canned spinach on a soggy bun. I can't get over how terrible it was. The next homeless person I see will get the other one we bought. I suppose its better than nothing.  So gross, it was just so gross. Go to Genos.I was so excited to try John's Roast Pork, and I'm sure they have awesome food. So, wait, what's this review about then?
They were closed when their website says they'd be open. Apparently John's used to be closed on Saturdays, but the website says as of 4/7/2012 they would be open on Saturdays from 10-4. So I stood at a bus stop in 85 degree weather with 95% humidity for 20 minutes, rode the bus, and walked a half mile in the blazing sun on 5/26/2012 to experience the best that Philly has to offer - and they're closed when I arrived at 12:30pm. Let's just say I cannot post the words that came out of my mouth at that moment.
I'm pretty confident that John makes some amazing cheesesteaks, but I'll never know. I was only visiting for the weekend, and the chances of me returning to Philly are probably pretty slim. If you post hours, I expect you to be open. If not, update you're website. It's 2012...it's not that hard. So I guess the lesson learned is if you're in Philly and want to go to John's, do it on a weekday to be safe.Not nearly as good as DiNic's or Tony Luke's for the Roast Pork. The bread and lack of broccoli rabe just do the overall sandwich a disservice. Yes, the put more pork on the sandwich, but it creates an imbalance for the overall flavor, in my opinion. Instead of a blend of sharp provolone, rabe, and pork in each bite, you get more bites of pure pork and it tends to overwhelm the cheese. The spinach just doesn't provide that bite and sharpness that the rabe does.
Service is relatively efficient but not friendly-- as is the case with most of the steak or pork shops in Philly. It's a good spot to grab a sandwich, but with better options in the city-- I'm only hitting these guys if the others aren't open (which is never).skanky place, someone needs to powerwash this ratholeThe bread is delicious completes the philly to a tee. Ordered a chicken mushroom philly, steak & cheese philly with some crispy crinkle cut fries and jalapeño poppers.
They ran out of pork which they are known for 
They also ran out of chicken when we decided that one philly wasn't enough. Guess we'll have to make another trip. 
Service is efficient, Staff are friendly.  There's outdoor seating and somewhat covered area bring jackets to keep you warm. 
Quality was good.Why didn't I stick with my first instinct and get the Roast Pork, I mean the place is called John's Roast Pork that should have been more than enough to let me know what their best item was but no I was in Philly and I was on a cheesesteak crawl so I went with the cheesesteak and that was a huge mistake.
I'll start with the positive, you can tell their steak is a pretty quality piece of meat but that is where it ends, the meat was lacking flavor and a bit on the dry side, I'm all for letting meat stand on its own but some seasoning is a must. Even though it is a cheesesteak, cheese was hard to come by as I didn't taste it throughout the sandwich.
Staff is a bit annoying, I know Philly cheesesteak places want people moving in and out as fast as possible but give me a chance to work things out friend and no need to be a douchebag when I'm gladly giving you my money.
Place is a little hole in the wall but I think the outside benches are a nice touch and the do it yourself peppers and pickles are a plus as well. 
I might return to try this roast pork but cheesesteak can't be on my order list ever again.So damn good. Separate lines for cheesesteak and roast pork.
Friend and I got one of each and had half of both. Both were pretty amazing. Will be going back as soon as I have the opportunity.This was my first visit to this restaurant, and oh my gosh!!!!! When I saw the long line of people waiting, I started to get in my car and keep going. My stomach is so glad that I didn't! Best roast pork sandwich that I've ever had! My daughter and I shared the sandwich because it was so big! If you're ever in the area, stop by! They offer a nice selection for a great price!!!If your mouth is up for the roll challenge, then this is cheesesteak heaven.  John's cooked to order cheesesteaks have to be on visit to really compare the giants in Philadelphia.
My standard order for compare, cheesesteak, American, fried onions.  I ask for a "long hot" Italian pepper on the side when I go here.
The steak here will be absolutely volcanic in heat when you first get it, so be careful as you sink your teeth into that first bite.  But, oh...what joy.My chicken philly with American cheese and fried onions was on point! It was made to order. It was hot, overstuffed, the chicken was moist and seasoned, the onions were sweet, lots of cheese and the sesame hero was fresh. I wish I took one to go.Now this is a cheese steak with FLAVOR. Although I'd prefer it chopped smaller it's so tender, juicy & well seasoned that I'm old enough not to let me wants hurt me. Will be back to try their infamous roast pork w/spinach.Philly Cheesesteak made me want to miss my flight...but pork sandwich wasn't my favorite but I'm chalking it up to not dressing it up right.The people here are anything but friendly! Very impatient and honestly the cheesesteaks are just ok! Also, it's slow and unorganized.Best roast pork AND best cheesesteak in the city. Make sure you're in the right line. Steaks to the left, Pork to the right.Absolutely incredible. It's a hole in the wall but executes its good on a very high level. Limited seating but we had a great experience.Yesterday was my first visit to John's Roast Pork.
There was a line but it wasn't horribly long. The goal was that we would split one sandwich but I couldn't decide so I opted for a cheesesteak w American and no onion and a roast beef with sharp provelone.
First, I'll say that both sandwiches were very very good. 
Very adequate amount of meat, very tasty and not greasy.
The only reason that I'm giving this 4 stars is because the cheesesteak, while it didn't look or feel crazy hot, completely burned my lip. So bad that it literally ripped the skin off my lip and my lip was totally raw. We were eating inside the car so ran immediately a couple of hundred feet away to Rite Aid. Today, it's still incredibly sore and just overall gross.
I'm not sure why it was so hot once you bit in but there should be some type for warning if this is a regular occurrence.  Next time, I'll know to open the wrapper AND let it sit for a good 10 minutes or so.There will always be the great debate over who makes the best cheesesteak in Philly but let me add my vote to the thousands of others that says John's Roast Pork.   This place has been around since 1930. And while it started as pork place the line for the "steaks" is 10 times as long as the line for pork.  Keep it simple and get the classic cheesesteak with American cheese and grilled onions.  They are huge so either don't order any sides or split a steak and try the really good fries or rings.   You will eat outside in the middle of an industrial area which just adds to the Philly charm!5 stars in terms of the best Philly cheesesteak I have tried (and I've tried the majority of them). The meat here is on a different level than it's competitors Pats and Genos (to name two of the major ones) which to me can sometimes resemble the consistency of cardboard. The steaks at John's have a lot more flavor and they don't skimp out on the ingredients (meat, cheese, onions) like the other more touristy cheesesteak locations. Don't get me wrong- tourists still flock here and depending on when you go you'll more than likely have to wait in a pretty long line but it's worth it!Having tried a lot of the go-to spots for cheesesteaks in Philly this popped up on my yelp Philly curiosity scale. Verdict a little disappointed based on the reviews that this place has. Disclaimer i ordered cheesesteaks and not the pork sandwich.. First the bread, it was decent but unlike the bread at T.. Lukes or Dalesandro's... The steak itself was a little bland, but i will tell you what these sandwiches are huge, probably the biggest sandwiches i have had in Philly.Lots and Lots of meat.  Glad, i tried it, but i think i will stick with my two favorites moving forward.Best cheesesteak I've ever had by a streaming mile. The bread is Carangi I believe whatever it is it's perfect. I've had the Chssteak, The Pork Sharp and Spinach ... Wow unbelieveable. This place has you tasting the greatness all day. Wish they had better hours. The bacon egg and cheese is diesel too. Just perfect in every way.My opinion on John's Roast Pork is more valubale than anyone else's.
John's Roast Pork is the best cheesesteak place of all time. They also have a delicious roast pork sammich.Don't let the name fool you. Very good Cheesesteak. Small outfit, but highly recommended by Philly fans. Did not disappoint. Serving portions generous . Sort of seedy sitting area outside, but I understand it has a rich history in Philadelphia. Would definitely go back.I stopped here during a drive down to DC for lunch with my boyfriend. You can immediately tell this is a locals only kind of spot. It took me awhile to figure out what and where to order. I got the roast pork, spinach, and sharp provolone sandwich and bf got a regular cheesesteak. The service is pretty quick and the prices were a little higher than i expected but still fine. The sandwich was warm and toasty and loaded with pork. I wish it had more spinach and less meat though. The sharp provolone adds a great dimension to the sandwich but def makes it a little saltier. The cheesesteak was good, i liked that it was on a sesame seed roll.Wish I knew how the cheesesteaks and roast pork taste.  Unfortunately, even though all the doors were open, and lots of people were eating outside, we got there at 2:55.  As my 7-year-old walked through the door just in front of me, my wife, and the baby, both the girl cleaning up and the guy behind the counter SCREAMED at him, "We're closed!". Before he could turn around, we got through the door, upon which the guy (I assume it was the owner) shouted, "I said we're closed!!". 
I don't care if the f*$king cheesesteaks make you orgasm, I'll never go back there, and I'll warn everyone to stay away.  If my kids weren't with me, I would have cursed the jerk out.The roast pork with sharp and spinach is glorious. Just a wonderful place.maxim  voted this spot as the best cheesesteak....i dont know bout that...but it is a pretty good steak, though at times i think the sliced meat is underseasoned... but what i really enjoy is their roast pork w/ provolone...it is better than tony luke's pork and absolutely dominates  pat's....i dont like seeds on my bread but i can deal; the one thing that chaps my ass is the banker hours that John's keep -7-3 mon-fri only.The place is a total dive, but the food is legit!  It has authentic Philly cheese steak which we we're looking for.  Totally worth the visit if you're in the area.Why is the logo of a bibbed pig with a pleasant smile, waiting for a meal?  Wouldn't that be cannibalism?   Weird!
Saw this place featured awhile ago on one of those Food Network shows - maybe Dinners, Dives and...whatever its called.  John's Roast Pork has been on my radar ever since.
Line was long, limited seating outside.  Please be worth it I kept thinking.
The cheesesteak was OUTSTANDING.  We got it with onions and American cheese and I added ketchup, banana peppers and sweet peppers.  YUM.  YUM YUM YUM.
We ordered the namesake sandwich with spinach and sharp provolone.  I'm not much of a cheese person, so the sharp provolone was overpowering.  I dissected my half of the roast pork sandwich to avoid the cheese.  It was good albeit soggy.  I need to retry with either no cheese, or mild.  An excuse to go back!!
Another excuse to go back - cheesesteaks with BACON?  
*quiver*The Philly CheeseSteak with extra cheese is incredible!!!!!!!!! The meat was perfectly seasoned and tender, the cheese was gooey, the onions add Ed just the right bit of sweetness and the bread was perfectly crusty on the outside and chewy on the inside! So glad we came!! Delicious!! (Just don't let the location detour you!!)I couldn't have picked a hotter day to sit outside John's and indulge in my first roast pork sandwich and onion rings. 
5 stars for the onion rings! Perfect amount of crisp and crunch and an order was enough to split between two people.  
3 stars for the large roast pork sandwich with mild provolone. Bright side: the meat to roll ratio was very high, if you're into that sort of thing. There was so much meat that I took some out and still had enough to enjoy in the sandwich. The unfortunate part was that the pork was so juicy it made the sesame long roll very soggy. I was with a very large group that ordered in advance so it may have been sitting in the foil for a while. I saved a half for dinner and it was better the second time around. I'll give them another try, I'm eager to try the cheesesteak next time.Hands down best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, and definitely among the top 3 roast pork sandwiches in Philadelphia.
I know, I know. Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia? That's saying a lot. Well, it's true. Everything you've heard is true.
This place is a little shack on Snyder near Columbus. You could probably drive by several times and never give it a second thought. But, that's part of the charm. JRP is no-frills, unapologetic, gritty Philadelphia cuisine. You won't see any cheez whiz here, but the sharp provolone will make you forget all about that science experiment in a can that some of the other guys try to pass off as cheese. 
The service is quick, the ingredients are fresh, and who doesn't love the ambiance of eating at picnic tables? 
I'm telling you, if you haven't been to JRP yet, you're seriously missing out. Go there. Now. Cash only.The Roast Pork with sharp provolone and the roasted long hots is literally the best sandwich in Philly. Cheesesteak is great too.   Easy parking right next to the restuarant. Do yourself a favor come here. 
Quick tip: read signs because roast pork & cheesesteak orders are taken at different parts of the counter. Huge signs can't miss if you are looking for it.Just passing through and was trying to find the top cheesesteak that Philly had to offer decided to try John's. Honestly if there are better I'd love to try it but this place definitely lives up to the reviews it was amazing and their provolone was delicious. This place well remain a staple place to stop anytime I'm in town.If you fancy yourself an enthusiast of sandwiches, going to John's Roast Pork is as close to a religious experience as one can have with a sandwich.  The roast pork sandwich is their flagship, but it's one of those places where everything they do is amazing.  Also, unusual for famous and busy old school sandwich shops, they aren't jerks, actually super nice. Don't forget long hots.I was in town from MN and had the pleasure of devouring a roast pork (with sharp provolone) sandwich. For lack of better wording, OMFG! it was so good. I noticed some people comparing this to Tony Luke's which I also loved but I had the cheese steak there so I won't say anything other than the bread at John's is quite a bit better. I wish I would have taken a picture of it so I could have even better dreams and look at it whenever I feel like drooling uncontrollably. However, I didn't want to interrupt what felt like an out of body experience so the camera stayed pocketed. If I'm ever back in Philly I will definitely be throwing back more of that tasty pork.After trying a bunch of cheesesteaks from several other places, we decided to go for the roast pork here. Ive never had this type of sandwich before, and in retrospect didn't really stand out on our food tour. I mean it was alright- I didn't feel the spinach went well with the pork because it was kinda soft, but bread was pretty good. The roast pork came out of a tub of hot brine or pork stock- don't know if this is how its supposed to be done, but I quickly realized this was still just fast food. 
They have round plastic tables inside and picnic tables outside so you'll probably be sitting with strangers.I mean, just look at the pictures on their Yelp page, it is so stunning;y delicious and perfect. The pork sandwiches and cheese steaks are so good it is almost unfair. The spinach and pork sandwich may very well be the best sandwich in the city.
I seriously almost cry when out of towners come to Philly and head to Pat's or Geno's for a "Philly cheese steak." Go to John's (try to get there at like 11:30 to beat the lunch rush), go with a friend, and get a cheese steak and a pork sandwich and go half and half. It will honestly blow your mind.I moved to Philly 4 years ago and made it a point to try as many of the cheesesteak spots as I could. This is the best. Period. Absolutely no question. And no life-long philly resident will disagree.I really wanted to love it. After all, it was my first success of actually getting a sandwich from this place after 5 failed attempts of coming here past 3pm, coming here during weekends, etc. (I have bad memory; thus, I forget that they have very unusual business hours).
I got the famous roast pork and sharp prov. Nothing more...that's how I order the sandwich at Tony Luke's, which has become *my* benchmark for Italian roast pork sandwich...and I actually regretted not getting onions after taking the first bite.
Verdict? I don't like it as much as Tony Luke's. First off, it's saltier and porkier than Tony Luke's so you do need those fresh chopped onions to cut some of those flavors down. The pork overpowers everything else and couldn't really taste the sharpness of the sharp prov. On the good side, the pork is juicy and I think the amount of meat is more generous.
I like that it's very low-maintenance in the shop. I didn't feel that it was nazi-style ordering. I actually thought they were much nicer here than Tony, Pat's, Geno's, etc.My wife got the cheesesteak fresh and hot off the grill on about a footling sesame bun. Amazing flavor and juiciness of steak and cheese mixed the the bun. I got the roast pork on a hoagie roll. Pulled from a pork broth that had seemingly been cooking forever. The bottom half of the sandwich was the best because of the mix of the melted provolone spinach and pork juice blending marinating the meat. Great sandwiches. Will be back soon.JOHN'S ROAST PORK is the best roast pork sandwich in Philly. Go There. Order 2. Eat one in the car. Dont bite your own finger while eating it...like I did. Go now.I'm still not a fan of the star rating system, regardless, it's the food that would tempt me back.
My friend parked on the opposite side of the street (to the west), a side which was redolent of melting plastic, or worse.  In other words, gross.
We waited on line and made it to the register.  The cashier laughed at us and said to go back and order our meals first, then to pay.  Who knew?  Everyone else but us.  The service wasn't rude, and we didn't wait too long, but it's a small waiting area that quickly can become crowded.
I ordered their specialty - roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach - and found it very good.  The bread was quickly defeated by virtue of sandwich being set on "au jus mode," and although I found DiNic's bread to be slightly better, for the whole package I'll vote for John's.HOLT SHIT!!!!!
The roast pork w/ spinach and sharp provolone is hands down one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had in my life.  Yes the pork gets a little overshadowed by the cheese and spinach, but you can still taste the porkiness of the whole thing.
Who fucking cares that you have to sit outside amongst factories in the cold and if it's busy you might not get to sit down.  Doesn't matter once you take that first bite.
i think my large sandwich didn't even last 2 minutes.
THUMBS WAY UP!!
""""TIP"""""
Call 10 minutes b4 you get there and your order will be ready to pick upI offered to drive a friend to Philly since she had a flight to catch. To thank me, she took me for an authentic Philly sandwich. I had the roasted pork with sharp provolone and spinach....and couldn't believe how delicious such a simple sandwich could be. It was amazing!! The staff is super friendly and the food is super super fresh. I was talking about this sandwich for hours afterwards. I will make a point to stop here whenever I'm in Philly.Easily a top 5 contender for best roast pork sandwich ever. The place is in a weird location with a weird setup. Enter through the front door, order your food at a designated counter, pay for said food, receive food, exit out side door. It can be very confusing on a busy lunch rush. The roast pork with sharp prov and raw onions is absolutely fantastic. Its big and hearty and juicy and melty. Thats all i get here.
Eat it quickly, it will disintegrate in your hands. 
They have one of the best rolls I've ever had. 
The condiments provided outside are nice. The pickles are wonderful. 
Skip the line at Tony Luke's, come down the street for John's.Saw this place on Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern on the Food Network. Nothing bizarre about my roast pork sandwich with provolone--very satisfying. Outdoor seating for a nice day, too!Like others have said, the food is great.  As much as I like the pork sandwich, the cheese steak is my favorite.  Everyone in Philly has their own favorite place,and this is mine.  Don't over look the roll they use it's soft and covered in sesame seeds.  The roll really makes it.  It's different, quirky, and delicious.  Just Go.Greatest sandwiches in the city!  Can't go wrong with the roast pork or the cheese steaks.  And yes, it is the little shack on Snyder with the pig on the roof.Yummmmm the best cheese steaks and chicken cheese steaks in the city! Skip pats and genos and head over to this small hole in the wall for the real dealHands down best cheesesteak on the planet! The pork sammy was amazing also. Great condiment station the pickles were a delight.Best Cheese Steak I ever had!!  The Roast pork with spinach and sharp provolone is good too, but slightly disappointing after seeing and hearing so much about it.  Place has a great feel.  Outdoor picnic type seating.One of the best places for a sandwich in Philadelphia.  I had the roast pork, sharp provelone cheese and spinach.  Order this as a pork with sharp and spinach.  Next time I will try the cheesesteak.I have only been to Johns a few times when I would work in the city, but man is it good. You drive up to Johns and it looks like a tiny building that can barely hold anyone in. You walk in and find out that's exactly what it is. There is the grill, a few workers, an ATM, 2 coolers full of drinks, and enough line room for maybe 15 people.
Usually the lines are split up, one line getting stuff from the grill, and the other getting pork. I usually go with the large roast pork, sharp prov, and spinach. It is THE BEST pork you will find in Philadelphia. Taste, smell, size...everything about this sandwich is just incredible. 
The hours make it tough to get to Johns but any chance you can make sure you get there. If you get there too early and don't want pork I've heard the breakfast is really good as well.This is the place I drag my out of town friends for a cheese steak! It's generally less crowded, more friendly, and you get a way bigger sandwich. I'm not a cheese steak person, so I get their roast pork with greens, extra wet. This is a great joint!We went there during Spring Break. The day before we were downtown Philly for cheesesteak and got a bad experience with difficulties ordering and getting wrong orders at the end.
John's Roast Pork was another experience.
We went there shortly before closing hours. The parking was stack full. People were queuing outside! They kept serving people even after it was supposed to close. Great for tourists!!
Well, it was awesomely huge and good cheesesteaks.
Definitely a place to go while visiting Philly.Overrated, for sure. I've had their pork sandwich in the past and didn't like it at all, so I avoided going back. A lot of people insisted that their cheesesteaks are the best in South Philly, so I gave them another shot. Unfortunately, the steak they use is VERY fatty and of poor quality. Not only is the flavor mediocre (they try to make up for it with a lot of cheese, but it doesn't help), but with every bite I had to make an effort to rip the strings of fat with my teeth or hand, or risk half the sandwich being pulled out of the roll. Also, a sesame seed roll doesn't go well with this kind of sandwich, more of a preference than a complaint. If you want a good standard cheesesteak, get one from the Penrose Diner instead - it's MUCH better and comes with a side of delicious fries. If you want a slightly elevated cheesesteak, Taproom on 19th makes a delicious one too - that is also served with fries and made with delicious, high-quality meat. Don't waste your time and money standing in line at John's for something that will have you flossing strings of fat out from in between your teeth once you're done.Where is the "0" star rating? Horrible service, rude staff and bad Pork Roast! Got sick after eatingThis could be a slight case of over-hype. I mean chefs on Food Network and personal friends have told me this is where the best sandwich (or at least the best roast pork) lives. Maybe I came on a bad day. I mean you can't ignore all the 5-Star reviews on the page saying this is best EVER. I liked what I got, but it wasn't soul-shattering.
The food is good. A group of us came on a cold December day. Ordered ahead and only waited about 10-15 minutes. The roast pork was seasoned decently and was tasty. It was juicy. The cheesesteak I thought was lacking. In my very humble not-from-Philly opinion, the best roast pork and cheesesteak belong to Dinic's and Tony Luke's respectively. Don't hate.Our cheesesteaks sandwiches were made to order and steaming hot. Everyone in the family loved it. Wanted to take my kids to get their 1st Philly Cheesesteak and they didn't disappoint here. Good price for the quality and size. Around $8 a sandwich. Small place where you stand in a line to order and small enclosed outdoor patio with about 6 tables, but most people eat quickly and leave so we were able to get a table before our food was ready.The food here is awesome. I had the roast pork with sharp provolone. My sister ordered for me, so I'm kind of mad at her for ordering sharp provolone; I could not handle the stinkiness of the cheese. But the meat in my sandwich was succulent, juicy, and the cheese was well distributed. If I had gotten just a normal provolone, I think I would have liked it much much better. My brother got a cheesesteak, which was also amazing. I will return for the food, but will be careful to order my own roast pork without sharp cheese.
One thing I disliked was the size of the place (TINY) and that the lines were chaotic. The servers/chefs are efficient, and they seem very used to the system already in place, but it was really annoying and agitating to me when they screamed for everyone to move and there were 2 lines for 2 different types of food.Always searching for the best cheesesteak in the city, I looked past the namesake roast pork and went for the grill during my trip to John's. Like many yelpers, I'd wanted to try the place for quite some time and finally I took advantage of a day off around Christmas to grab lunch in between shopping runs. The no wiz was a bit of a left turn, but I figured I'd keep an open mind. The sandwich had a pretty good mixture of well melted cheese and steak and the bread was above average, but not the best I've had. I think what made the biggest impression on me was the size of the cheesesteak. It definitely felt bigger than Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, and Jim's. I rolled in around 11:45 and there were a couple other people there, but the line grew quickly behind me as it seemed people were queuing up much faster than steaks were rolling off. It was a tiny place and I could imagine the staff getting an attitude given this daily situation, but everybody seemed pretty friendly. Overall, I wouldn't say this is the best cheesesteak experience in the city, but it's worth checking out if you're free before 3PM. Just walking into the tight pork shack will immediately let you know you're in for a unique experience.Interesting setting. Better than average cheesesteak but lacks flavor.  Unfriendly staffs.Johns is my go to sandwich shop in Philly!  I ate the sandwich on the road to PHL and it was awesome and toasted the 2nd half a few day later and it was just as good!Got the bacon cheesesteak. Quite impressive.. the sesame seed bread makes it a one of a kind.Best pork sandwich, period! With the exception of the long lunchtime lines, this place ROCKS!
I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!The roast pork here is excellent; it is cooked in spices for hours until the flavors are imbued in the tender meat that almost melts in your mouth.  Get it with provolone and greens.  The other offerings are decent but I only come here for the pork because the area is a bit difficult to travel in, which is the reason why I am subtracting one star.Not worth the trip to be there as tourists . Poor customer services, they expected you to be professional when ordered and told where you must stand to waited for meals. An average cheese steak sandwich and salty  pork sandwich. Will skip this whenever to visit Philly again.Amazing roast pork sandwich. Luscious meat, killer sharp provolone. The sauteed spinach is a twist on the expected broccoli raab, but it's loaded with garlic so that works for me. The rest of the family got the meatballs after we got hit with a wonderful meatball aroma when we walked in the door and they were outstanding. John's is in a funky location but don't be scared. The James Beard Award and years of plaudits tell you all you need to know. Next visit will try DiNics but hard to see any separation from John's.They have the worst system. They easily forget your order and tell you this is just how they work. So many people who ordered after you get your order. --- you say something. They give you attitude bc they're so busy. Do not come here. Bc your mood is already ruined. The sandwich tastes nothing special.Absolutely delicious! I got their roast pork sandwich with provolone and spinach...One of the best sandwiches I have had in Philly! Pity the day was so cold...it was about 0 degrees outside!!Best pork in Philly hands down. And also my favorite cheesesteak (secretly, don't tell people).Tried a roast pork sandwich here, which was good but doesn't leave me craving for more. Though the pork was really juicy, it lacked flavor. The condiments outside did not really help with the flavor.
I got my food very quickly but a friend of mine ordering from the grill waited very long for her cheese steak. She said it was delicious so that's what I will be trying on my next trip to Philly.Came here and had a cheesesteak (with provolone) and a roast pork sandwich (with sharp provolone and sautéed spinach). Both sandwiches were nothing less than excellent. Having tried some of Philly's most well known cheesesteak joints (Pats, Genos, Steves, Jims), I easily prefer the cheesesteak at John's. On top of it all the people were extremely nice, which is something you don't necessarily get at the other Philly cheesesteak places. For what it is, this is a five star place.I LOVE their chicken cheesesteak. 
The chicken is perfectly seasoned, cooked, and you get good amount of it. While I'm not an American cheese fan, this is usually my go to option for chicken cheesesteaks and there is enough so that you get it in very bite. A big part of what makes a good sandwich of any kind is the bread and I'm happy to say that they use seeded rolls which holds everything together pretty well (it's not a cheesesteak if it's not a little messy) and are my favorite!!! There also isn't an excessive amount of pepper which I appreciate. Best chicken cheesesteaks I've ever had! 
My boyfriend loves the famous roast pork sandwich and says it might even be better than DiNic's! John's Roast pork is somewhere we always agree on.Hands down the best hot sandwiches in Philadelphia. From the perfectly seasoned meat to the cheese to the veggies to the rolls, it doesn't get any better than this. I feel like I'd never really had a cheesesteak before tasting theirs, and I won't even touch a chicken cheesesteak from anywhere else. All this from a tiny little shack by the train tracks between an old factory and a bunch of South Philly strip malls.
Be prepared to wait around lunch time. The line's almost always out the door, and snakes around a bunch even once you make it inside. Get there early, both to avoid the lines and to ensure you get a sandwich; once they run out of rolls, they close for the day. Oh, and don't even think about making the trip on the weekend or anything even close to a holiday (Flag Day, etc.): they'll be closed.Best roast pork sandwich in Philly easily. Dinic's gets all of the accolades and fame but I can tell you if you are a local this is the place you get it from. Also might have the one of, if not the best cheesesteak in the city as well.Phenomenal Hot Roast Pork! Nothing surprising here but still worth mentioning. Perfect portions of pork, cheese and mustard.While the cheesesteak is our #1 expert, the roast pork Italian is the true sandwich loved by Philadelphians.  This is the best place to get this sandwich in our fair town, with onions, sharp provolone spinach and seeded bread.  The best!This cheese steak was good but not amazing. There was cheese only on the bottom bites so it was in no way even and the bites without cheese were just meat. The meat could be a lot more flavorful and possibly seasoned to make it tastier and of course even amounts of cheese should be added so every bite is cheesy. It was really big though and you get a lot for your money. There were plenty of places to sit outside and inside was a tiny room for ordering with the cooks cooking in front of you.Large Pork with Sharp.  Easy to order. Delicious to eat.  The large sandwiches come on Sarcone's bread which is one of my favorite things in the entire world.The best. Cool workers.  Knew I was from out of town so helped with my order.  Great food plus great employees.  The real king of cheesesteaks.Come here all the time for the roast pork. Make sure u tell them to dip the WHOLE sandwich in the juice. U won't regret itFirst stop of our weekend in Philly was to get a cheesesteak.  I'm not sure what the fuss is all about at this place.  The sandwiches we got were just OK.  Let me explain...
- The beef in the original cheesesteak was very tender.  Hot off the grill with melty cheese.  However, please salt your beef though.  Sandwich was in serious need of flavor
- Roast pork sandwich got a bit soggy right away.  The juices from the pork pretty much took over the bread.  I would recommend eating the sandwich right away - it will not survive a take-out bag.
Did enjoy sitting outside the restaurant on the picnic benches.  Perfect on a nice spring or summer day.JRP is a legendary establishment. I have been coming here religiously for the last 15 yrs! I am a bit of a chessesteak snob and Johns is one of 3 spots in the city where I will order a cheesesteak (its also my fav!). I'll only order a cheesesteak when John himself is workin the grill. The man has the magic touch and he has more pride in making a cheesesteak than anyone else in Philly period! Its seriously not the same sandwich if someone else is making it- John is a master! 
If Im not ordering a cheesesteak, than I usually getting a Roast Pork or Beef or a Chicken Cutlet Parm (w/ extra gravy). JRP is truly a quintessential Philly sandwich spot for the people! For me, it doesnt get much better than housing one of their sandwiches while sitting outside on a nice day!Me and my brother-in-law went today for the first time. It is absolutely the best roast pork sandwich you will ever try, hands down! Onions rings were excellent as well.Plenty of Meat ! Plenty of all the good stuff.  there are higher profile steak shops, where all the tourists go.. this is where the locals go !  A+I've been waiting to try this place out and the Roast Pork with Sharp Provolone did not disappoint. It was the bomb.  Great sesame bread.
The cheese steak was pretty good. Chicken cheese steak just decent.
Casual. Easy. Cheap.
Limited seating outside.Very good cheesesteak, really big and meaty. We go often at lunch from work in S. Philly. However, I find them somewhat sterile tasting and a bit dry. One of the things I love about cheesesteaks is the "drip effect" ...you know, where the juice, grease and melted cheese all drip out the end of the sandwhich and then you get to mop up all that goodness with the roll at the end, mmm - but you wont get that with a Johns cheesesteak. Don't get me wrong they are good and certainly you get your moneys worth given the size of the sandwich but sometimes I think people's love of Johns is more a quantity over quality thing.I was in the process of writing a review of another steak shop and its mediocrity reminded me of how fantastic this place is. You cant properly judge a cheesesteak until you've stood on the corner of Snyder and Weccacoe and gotten grease all over your eagles jersey. If your not from Philly, the area is fine you wont get robbed and yes, they are open for business. While the cheesesteak has become Phillys most famous export, the roast pork sandwich is fantastic.  There is also a Target store right there, so you can get yourself a pair of maternity pants for the ride home.I had the cheesesteak with fried onions and it was amazing. I've been to philly before to eat a cheesesteak but this does not compare. Not only is the food amazing, but the history and lack of heaping amounts of tourists makes this place great!Recommended as the best spot for a Philly cheesesteak sandwich. I ordered mine with grilled onions, but my friend had hot peppers on his as well. I concur. It's the greatest!Delicious.  Lots of juicy, flavorful pork on a long roll with provolone and sauteed spinach.  I've always liked spinach way more than broccoli rabe (less bitter) so this was a great addition to the sandwich.  All the juices from the pork make the bread a bit soggy, but I really didn't mind.  18 bucks for 2 large sandwiches and 2 extra sides of long hots...not bad. 
Came in at 2:45PM on a Monday right before they close so there was no wait at all, but I hear it gets quite busy here during lunchtime.God Bless John's Roast Pork!  I know...I'm from New York. What do I know about cheesesteaks?!  The answer is a whole lot.  I have been to Philly so many times it feels like a second home and during my visits have gone to seek out the best cheesesteaks in town!  John's Roast Pork is my absolute favorite (Tony Lukes is 2nd) and for 2 reasons:  they are GIGANTIC, and the bread is the best.  I seriously can't even write any more or I'm going to get in my car and drive to Philadelphia for a cheesesteak....which I've done before.
For anyone who doesn't know though - get there early, or they will run out of steaks.A local chef friend recommended John's for their cheesesteaks.  They were amazing and did not disappoint!  GO!  You won't be sorry!I make special trips to South Philly just to get their pork sandwich. The pork is tender, flavorful, and the bread is great. I haven't found a comparable sandwich. The place is small, so be prepared to stand in line if you go during a busy time. During the summer, you can sit outside and enjoy enjoy your sandwich.
I really like that they devide the counters so that if you don't want to order a pork sandwich, you can order at the first counter. It streamlines the process.With the new extended hours, John's Roast Pork really is the best.  I do wish they took credit cards, but I'll never fault them on their sandwiches.  My wife always gets a cheesesteak hoagie and I always get the roast pork with sharp provolone and pepper flakes.  It's divine.  I just wish everyone in line at Tony Luke's really knew what they were missing.  It's a double edged sword though...if more people knew how incredible this shack at the corner of Weccacoe and Snyder was...it would ruin it for the locals.  It's just one of those blue-collar joints that's built a reputation the old fashioned way.  One sandwich at a time.Stopped here twice now, tried both the pork and their cheese steak. John's roast pork is tender, juicy and flavorful, yet I wouldn't go way out of my way to have one. I ordered mine with cheese, bananna peppers and spinach. It was good but didn't roll my socks down. The cheese steak is great tho. Exactly what you expect from a Philly, tender, juicy steak with cheese thoroughly mixed in and just the right amount of onions. Their bread is crunchy without being tough. 100% stopping here next time I'm in Philly.Best Cheese Steak in Philadelphia! Hands Down! There are some close 2nd's and I know this City is full of opinions, but I am sorry, I have tried just about everywhere and there is just nothing out there that can compare! Roast Pork and Beef are great too. 
Most sandwich shops in Philly have been giving you less and charging you more, NOT John's! 
My only complaint is their hours! I wish there were open later.My first visit to Philly and John' Roast Pork is the best cheesesteak I had. i tried both Pat's and Geno's and neither was as good as John's cheesesteak. The meat had more seasoning, the roll was better and the cheese was much better than provolone or cheese wiz. I would recommend starting at John's when you come to Philly. I will be back next time to try the other sandwiches!Short review.  We went here after trying Geno's and Pat's.  There was nowhere to go but up from there!
Excellent, excellent sandwich.  WAY better deal and quality than the tourist traps those places are.
I'd was cursing my decision to waste stomach space on those dumps after trying John's.I believe you would have to eat the sandwiches right away. I took one bite while it was warm because I had to drive. That first initial bite was good. Juicy. But when I ate it later, it kinda lost taste and became dry. It was a good sandwich. I gotta try some of the other things on their menu.I got the cheesesteak with sweet peppers, onions, sharp provolone, and green pepper. Two people I went with the roast pork sandwich. We all agreed the meat and bread was amazing. My cheesesteak has great flavor. The amount of topping to meat ratio was perfect. This easily got my vote for top cheesesteak in Philly. It's a plus that they are very nice to their customers, unlike some other cheesesteak places.. *ahem.. I won't point fingers.This is by far the ABSOLUTELY BEST Philly Cheese Steak I've ever tasted.  The pork sandwich isn't bad either.  The location is a bit off the beaten path, but certainly worth the trek. 
It's located in an Industrial section of town, and certainly NOT the place to go to if you're looking for ambiance or a romantic setting; however; if you are in search for the finest Cheese Steak the City of Brotherly Love has to offer, then you absolutely must make the journey to Snyder Avenue.
Biting into that Philly Steak Sandwich was like a religious experience.
Also, please read the sign before ordering!  We were rebuked by the Manager for not doing so prior to ordering!If it wasn't  the swevixe ut would reciecwd 5 stars.  Food is great but nobody wants ro scresmed atit was first time cheese steak in my life time ~ got phili and eat cheese steak great experience ~~ also taste is awesomeFood was ok.  I picked up a roast pork w/spinach and sharp provolone.  A cheesesteak with onions and american cheese and some fries.  Huge quantity of meat, but too much meat perhaps.  Fries were not good.  I just don't like crinkle cut for some reason.  My only surprise was there was no cheese whiz!  Oh well.  Would I go again?  Probably not.  I like Tony Lukes better.  Better bread and better tasting I think.This cheesesteak lives up to the hype. Old style where it comes to the chopping of the steak - bigger pieces, like Tony Luke's. The roll has a distinctive touch with the sesame seeds - though I'm not a fan of them I appreciate the uniqueness of it. All in all John's Roast Pork cheesesteak's deserve their place among the best in philly. 
I also had a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone cheese. It was delicious but I will go with the mild provolone next time as the sharp overpowered the pork in my opinion. 
I look forward to going back. Gotta remember to bring cash though!The Philly Cheese Steak was good, better than the Pork Sandwich.  But the service was horrible.  The system they have was just not working today, i'm sure it works normally.  They have two order stations one that takes orders for some of the sandwiches and one that takes the rest of the orders for the sandwiches and fries, etc.  The guy who was taking the other orders was stupid, and he was making it hard for everybody. He kept talking and yelling to the customers on how the system works, the stupid thing is he didn't follow what he was saying.  It was a big mess.  I would have gave it a 1 rating but the rest of the employees were very apologetic and ended up giving me my onion rings for free.  When I went to speak to the person who was screwing up all the orders he turned his back to me and said he cannot listen to me - I told him that was the problem he is not listening.  The sad thing about this is because he doesn't think he has a problem it will continue.  And when customer service is poor the food quality is also poor.  This was the first time a Yelp review did not meet my expectation.First time eating in Philadelphia and decided to check out South Phillys own; John's Roast Pork. It was exactly as I had imagined when we pulled up, a small building with line wrapped around the side. Everybody in line was excited and Hyper focused on what they wanted to order I knew I had to get the roast pork obviously and a cheese with but I also got the onion rings because why not. 
Once inside the building the line didn't move as fast thanks to a couple of customers who are being picky about cold sandwiches... Come the fuck on your here for Philly cheese steaks and roast pork sandwiches.
Anyway got the roast pork, got the Cheesesteak and probably the best onion rings I've had to date. 
I'm not going to wax poetic about the sandwiches because they're by far some of the best meet and Bun combinations I've ever had. Absolutely worth the 2 and 1/2 Drive from Upstate New York for it. By the way the cheese steaks do contain some molten lava in there so be careful when you buy it again because onions will stick to your face and burn ever so lovingly.Just drove an hour out of my way to come here, not realizing they close at 7.  Because I am not from here.  We'll I showed up at 7 as he was walking out to close the door and refused to let me order.  I am not very happy, I drove all that way and you're going to cut me off by 30 seconds, pretty rude!!!I know about this place because of one of exes. He really opened up my palate with American food. Even though this place is near me, I have only been here once simply because it was so hard to go here. They used to close super early and it was difficult to plan a trip here so I basically gave up. Food should be accessible, shouldn't cost an arm or a leg and definitely not a long as wait.
I remember having the roast pork sandwich, which I didn't think much of. My issue with some of the places in the city known for sandwiches is that the meat is often flavorless, salty or dry. I feel they always need sauce or a better cut of the meat. And they always seem to be cover with cheese as if cheese will save how bad it is. Anyway, I also had the cheesesteak and it was okay. Oh I remember my ex pointing the owner lady sitting in her car nearby the restaurant for hours. Just sitting there.
Anyway, for right now, I will put 3 stars until I get to come back and try the food again. I will update my review when I do.Might be tough to find, but so is the end of a rainbow.  However, you'll be rewarded when you find this one bc it is flat out awesome.   Breakfast or lunch, can't go wrong!!Don't listen to these snowflake millennials reviews. The sheep (millennials) are brainwashed with this place. This place is so over rated! The pork taste like rubber. You eat like a dogOrdered the mushroom cheesesteak with sharp provolone and a roast pork sandwich.  This was our first Philly Cheesesteak and were satisfied for sure.  The steak didn't blow me away and I didn't care much for the roast pork.  
However, it was a cool experience seeing the crew in action.  I would probably not return here, but I still give them five stars for the overall dining experience.Best roast pork and cheese steak in the city. Been here a dozen times and the sandwich is always big, and hot, and tasty, and awesome. Put on your patience hat and be ready to queue up in a long line, navigate through a little confusion, but the pay off is worth it.This was my first time trying an authentic Philly Cheese Steak and I was not disappointed. The sandwich was so good I got tears in my eyesJohn's has the highest quality of everything. I would give them even more stars if I could. They load all of their sandwiches with extra meat, and they're awesome. Definitely the best chicken cheesesteak in the city, without a doubt. Also, the roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and spinach is definitely one to write home about. On top of all this, the staff are the nicest, friendliest people. Absolutely one of the best establishments in Philadelphia.Food was delicious and portion was plentiful with affordable price. The service was also nice and friendlyFinally got a chance to make it to John's when it wasn't packed and actually open.  I had a cheesesteak with sharp provolone, onions, mushrooms, and hot peppers.  I would have wanted slightly more cheese and more hot peppers, but overall it was quite tasty.  Fresh tasting, fresh smelling, not grisly, and way too big!
I need to go back and have a pork sandwich.  I really, really do.Forget the cheesesteak.  John's Roast Pork runs rings around the cheesesteak.  Absolutely, hands-down THE best sandwich I've every had from anywhere so far.Solid steak AND roast pork. 
Read about this shack of meat from an Eater guide to Philly sandwiches. They declared it the best so I declared it the first.
We were at Johns within an hour of landing (1.30p) on a Saturday and the place was packed with hungry locals which is always a good sign.
The ordering line splits right away into one line for cheesesteaks and one for roast pork. 
The pork comes out right away because it's already cooked and sliced. It just needs to be thrown on bread with whatever you're adding to it. $9 buys a huge sandwich filled with hot pork infused with garlicky flavor.
LIKE FOOLS we started with that instead of waiting for our cheesesteak to get cooked (~15 minutes?) making us already before the main event.
The cheesesteak was solid and many people say to go with the sharp provolone. I say go with the mild but add mushrooms and peppers. 
I wish I could go to Johns again next week but alas, plane tickets don't grow on trees ya know?I haven't been here in a long time, but I always suggest this place to anyone looking for a good cheese steak. The line for cheese steaks is crazy long since they make it to order, instead of other places having meat sit out in their own fat and dry up. 
By far best cheese steak in south philly--bread, cheese, meat, seasoning.. setting the bar real high! You can go to geno and pats for the pictures (tourist stuff), but go here to actually eat a real cheese steak. 
Its a no frills place and there are some tables/benches outside to eat if the weather is nice out. Limited open hours so make sure you plan accordingly!!Great Roast Pork and even better cheesesteaks. Better than the usual tourist spots.
Long lines at lunch. Last time, smelled like utter sh!t outside and inside..but the food was worth the wait. The food is great, cook is cool and attentive. I'd go a little early to beat the lines. 
Go with the Provo, With. You won't regret it.