Had a great lunch here. I ordered a chicken Caesar and my dining companion ordered a custom salad. Waitress had a great personality and did not rush us at all. Allowed us to linger. Great space which is hidden from the outside.This place has a great location for the hungry tourist. It manages to be edgy yet chill at the same time. My reason for stopping in was to try the ahi fish tacos with avocado relish, which sounded awesome. At around 3 there was still a healthy amount of people attesting to its popularity and eatability. They had a selection of local microbrews (bottle, not draft) for those interested in getting a taste of Philly in beer form. Alas, I ordered my tacos, but had a little Scooby Doo moment when the arrived. Somehow the chef decided that it was okay to put such a delicate fish in premade taco shells...enough to makes this SoCal girl wince a little and question whether I should consume. Luckily the flavor of the fish was great. I only saw one half inch cube of avocado, but at least the sauce was yummy! 
I got a glimpse of the brunch menu...looks pretty tasty I must say...I LOVE JONES. Honestly.....
I was introduced to Jones at the YEE earlier this year. The food was divine. Comfort food to the max. Mac and Cheese that I could've eaten with a ladle, sliders, pigs in a blanket, delicious cocktails. Yum yum gimme some.
We came back with my mother and fell in love again. The calamari is the best calamari I've had in quite some time. Perfectly crisp, not rubbery, full of flavor. Yum.
For dessert? I had the Duncan Hines slice of yellow cake and glass of milk. Genius.
We came back AGAIN a few weeks ago when a friend was visiting from LA. I had the Seared Ahi Tuna. The husband had the Halibut. Our friend had the Roast Beef Dinner. Our friend won when it came to food selection. My belly was so warm and happy after one bite of his roast beef. The meat was succulent, juicy, the perfect medium rare. The mashed taters were creamy with a slight hint of garlic. Mmmm.
I preferred my husband's halibut over my tuna. The tuna was good, but the halibut had more flavor, IMO.
Can't wait to go back again. Yum yum yum.I have been here numerous times for brunch, dinner and take out during lunch time hours. Staff is always friendly and the food is delicious.I'm not really sure why I bother going to other restaurants. 
Every Valentine's Day I try to find some cute, new little BYO for me and my boyfriend to try out and I spend weeks scouring menus and Yelp reviews. 
Every year SOMETHING goes wrong and I get frustrated and pissed off and he always says "Let's go to Jones".
This year was no different. We went out last night (2/12/11...the weekend before Valentines Day) to the BYO I picked out and when I made our reservations, no mention was made that they had a special fixed menu that night consisting SOLELY of seafood, which I am allergic to. As I started to get upset at our table, my boyfriend said "Let's go to Jones".
We got there, were told there was a little bit of a wait, so we sat at the bar for a drink. About 5-10 minutes later they came and got us and sat us at our table. Our waiter (who was WONDERFUL and looked like Jared Leto - extra bonus-) came over and took our order and the food came out perfectly (as usual) and right on time.
We both got the filet, done rare and the spinach it came with was fantastic. The mac and cheese is also an app we get every time and is one of my favorites. I got the deviled eggs for the first time and holy crap they were amazing. I'm gonna say, possibly the best ones I've ever had (sorry, Dad). 
Everything about this restaurant leans towards comfort and it's always done so well. The atmosphere, the staff, the decor, the food, hell even the temperature. I've never had a bad experience at Jones and I don't think I ever will. 
Next year....we'll just go straight to Jones.Four stars for a great little gem. I stopped in last minute before a show and was able to grab 2 seats at the bar. 
The drinks were glorious, the bartenders were glorious, and I had a salad the size of a small infant.
It did seem to fill up fairly quickly, so I recommend a reservation and empty bellies.Food was really good, portions are big so we were able to share which brought the price down to a more reasonable amount.I've been here quite a few times now and the ambiance and food are great! It is a bit on the pricey side but their salads are worth it! They have a make your own salad list, where you can check any ingredients you want in your salad for a flat price of $15 and the portions are huge! 
The service here is also great! Definitely recommend this place!The ambience and decor were nice. The nachos were good, along with a few choice options. However, do not order a cheeseburger. It is not only tiny, but it looks like something that was dropped off the back of a McDonald's truck as it was driving through a bad neighborhood. It was over cooked, dry, and just plain nasty. I was very disappointed to find such a flop in a restaurant that seems to be filled with blockbusters. The overall experience was fine, but that burger sure did ruin it.  The fries were another disappointment all their own.Service was fine (other than our dirty appetizer plates sitting stacked at the end of the table throughout our meal) - Had the mac and cheese appetizer arrived before we placed our order, we probably would have left - Mac and cheese had odd plastic-y taste - Crab cake was bland - seared tuna should have come on a smaller plate (three slices of tuna on top of rice on one side of a rectangular plate) - we ordered a chicken soup to go and had to throw it out when we arrived at our destination because the cardboard cover had popped off the hot cup - pear crisp was the best part - $4 cup of coffee was tepid, at bestI went to Jones because I was craving a good home cooked meal.  I ordered the "Thanksgiving" dinner and wished I had saved money and gone to the nearest diner.  The turkey was supposedly baked but it tasted like lunch meat.  The mashed potatoes were instant and the stuffing was not good at all.  Pre-cut carrots served as a bland vegetable.  The best part of the meal was the cranberry sauce which was excellent.  The price was twice that of most diners for a similar meal.   I feel I wasted my money.  Other menu entrees may be very good so if you go there don't order the "thanksgiving dinner".  You would be better off buying a TV dinner.I didn't know what to expect when I got there but it was incredible.  Lots of varieties on food and alcohol.  Macaroni and cheese is to die for.  
Not expensive either.  Definitely a great place.Jones brunch is amazing. Went with four friends and we got the all got bottomless Bellinis which is a great deal. They let it sit there for 2 hours while we drank as much as we could. The mac and cheese is to die for. Monkey bread is a great appetizer for the table. Chicken and Waffles was really good. Chicken was moist and and the skin was gently fried. The syrup was nice and sweet. The Ambiance was great. We have reservations and we were seated right away.This place is vegetarian-friendly. The server was friendly. Only thing I regret is not trying their dessert.Let me start by saying I have had many great experiences at Jones but I forgot what it's like to book a reservation for a star group restaurant.
I tried to make a Sunday brunch reservation before the flower show for 10 people and was told I needed to speak with some one in the events office( not sure when a party of ten became an event).
I was told to book this i would need a preset menu and a deposit. Who does this? I spent over 25 years working in restaurants doing every job from busboy up to managing partner and I have never heard of doing this. I guess the Star group doesn't need the salesGirl's weekend in Philly! We were recommended to eat at Jones and I was sold when I was told Chicken and Waffles were on the menu. However, when I got there and took a look around I saw the chicken and waffles and decided it wasn't for me (you only get half a waffle and the chicken looked dry.. maybe I am jaded by Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles). After a night of gorging on cheesesteaks I decided to go light and ordered the bagel with lox and honey nut cherrios. The cherrios were served with fresh fruit and the presentation of both my dished were nice. My girlfriends ordered a spinach omelet,  huevos ranchero, tater tots and mac and cheese. The macaroni and cheese was to die for.. baked  thick and topped with bread crumbs. The portions were good sizes and they had fun cocktails (make your own bloody marys). The only downside was the service.. for some reason our waitress hated us. She had an attitude and lacked enthusiasm. 
Overall we loved Jones and will definitely return on our next trip!I went with a friend yesterday for a birthday lunch.We got there mid-afternoon and were seated right away. They were still serving their brunch menu and i was slightly disappointed because most of it consisted of breakfast foods, of which I wasn't really in the mood for.  The food was pretty good though. I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup which was quite good. However we felt that the service was definitely lacking. Everyone was very nice but our waitress was MIA most of the time. I asked for a re-fill on my water and that took like 10-15 minutes only after I asked again did I get it. It wasn't just that though, that actually wasn't even that big of deal to me. SHe checked on us once and then disappeared the rest of the time. When we had finished eating  she was no where to be found. We literally sat there with our finished plates for about 15 minutes and i would attribute it to being busy but it wasn't even busy because at that point we were literally the only ones in the section we were in, and there was only a handful of people in the restaurant itself. We had to call over a staff member to get our waitress  and they ended up just getting our check for us and making up some lame excuse about our server doing some type of stock in the basement. If that was really the case though why didn't anyone else cover her table? It was obvious that we were finished for some time and looking around for our waitress and like 4 different staff members walked by our table at least 5 times. Overall the food was good and everyone was friendly but the service itself left something to be desired...I just felt like there was no excuse because it wasn't at all crowded.Jones has the look, feel, and most importantly, taste, of an upscaled American diner. 
The menu is a good size, lots of options for people  but not so much as to make me concerned for the amount of ingredients that need to be stocked. Perfect for a weekend brunch.
The secret here is the staff. Our server was one of the best I have ever had. She was friendly and efficient, making great suggestions (pickle juice in a Bloody Mary? Awesome!), keeping our coffees refilled, and keeping us updated on the status of our drink and food orders. Everything came out perfectly and pretty quickly. 
Our food was excellent, and serving gravy on the side for chicken and waffles is a fantastic idea. The heuvos rancheros were nice and light, and our request for sriracha was gladly met. 
Overall, one of the best experiences I have had in this part of the city, and we will certainly be back, and bringing friends to join us!I have to admit, I'm kind of over Starr restaurants.  They were cool 5 years ago, but they seem to be a dime a dozen anymore.  That said, I still do love Jones, after all of these years.  The service is generally pretty good.  I still love the decor, feeling like I'm stepping into the Brady Bunches living room.  The food is great when you want comfort food.  
On the downside, it's always crowded, even during lunch hour.   But I guess the upside is the food and the fact that the people that work there aren't full of themselves, the way that most other servers are in his restaurants.These 5 stars are strictly for the Chicken and Waffles!  It's the only thing I've eaten there...cause when I go there I can't think of anything else to get., I taste the Chicken and Waffles while looking for parking!
Here's a suggestion...you can take that gravy and seal some loose wallpaper with it...butter and syrup will do just fine....
One thing....do you serve a half a waffle so we will ask for the second half and have to pay for it?  Come on!!!!
Now....back to the Chicken part of the Chicken and Waffles....
I am ashamed to write that my family made a pig of themselves by ordering more chicken and more waffles....
But looking back...it I wasn't so embarressed, I would have done the same!My buddy and I went for lunch (he's a Philly local; I'm an Auslander) and weren't disappointed.  Service was quite fast and the food great.  They serve the coffee in those ceramic off-white diner style mugs which I think always makes coffee taste better.  
I love the 70s vibe of this place.  It has a nice cozy feel and the carpet makes one feel like they're walking into the Jungle Room.
I would visit again when I'm back in Philly!Ordered lunch for delivery to Rittenhouse via Eat24. Took about an hour as estimated. Food needed more flavoring and seasoning, but not bad.A great restaurant with amazing food coupled with creative spirits.  A visit to Jones is a must every time I'm in Philly! I live for the Basket of Chicken and Mac n Cheese.Perfect dinner spot !!! Went here tonight with one friend and got sat right away in a very nice private spot. We only got appetizers and coffee and it was the perfect place for that, great service and environment. Totally going to come back for more than appetizers !!Love the vegetarian burger. The desserts are alright.Jones' has a great, low-key vibe albeit office-style arm chairs that are impossible to move.  The menu has a list of comfort foods that sound great, even though you feel like you should be able to make them at home (e.g., grilled cheese and mac 'n cheese). 
I had the calamari salad which had a nice smoky chipotle dressing over fresh greens and sweet corn--the only disappointing part was the I was eating cold fried calamari mixed in.  If the calamari had been grilled and more tender, I think this could have been a really great entree.  The drink list has some fun options, with the Bubbly Breeze being a light and enjoyable thirst-quencher.Not up to Starr quality. Calmari was soggy, oily. Diner food at 5 times diner prices. Won't go back.Well we went back again for dinner and we were far more pleased. I got the seared tuna which was incredibly tasty. My friends got other types of fish and chicken and waffles. All were really fantastic. We had gotten nachos as an app and each chip was individually dressed as perfect bites. You have to appreciate that kind of detail! Decent portion sizes. Great flavors and service. Even the sodas and beer list had a lot of gems. I would definitely go back again, just not get the eggs benedict at brunch again ;-)Jones. What a relief! Great food and unique lovely drinks. All this combined with knowledgeable staff that appear to enjoy working here. 
Had a smashing time.In Philly for the weekend and stumbled onto Jones on the way to our hotel.  Food is all-american comfort food.  Almost everything was excellent.  I thought the mac n' cheese was blah.  And the perogies were nothing above average at best.  Two turkey burgers, the chicken and waffles and the meatloaf all got two thumbs up.  Desserts were fantastic.  A couple in our group were dissapointed they still didn't have the donuts in the menu (but that could have been two years ago), but the chocolate chip bread pudding and the key lime pie were write home about good.  Drinks menu was full of house specialties, though we mostly stuck to the beer menu.
Service was average.  Seemed quick to take away our plates, and never there when you needed another drink.
I will stop just short of calling Jones kid friendly, but they took four adults, two infants under 6 months and a 4 year old without a reservation without questions and were very accomodating.  Granted we were there at 5:30.
Overall, we enjoyed.If you've ever had your heart broken, and you're one of the lucky few who eat their feelings, you know the first place you turn to is comfort food. There's nothing better than engorging in a giant heart-attack bowl of mac and cheese and then stuffing yourself silly with chocolate cake. A little bit of apple pie with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce doesn't hurt either.
Jones has made your life that much easier by offering not only quintessential comfort food for all diet levels - giant salads to seared tuna to grilled cheese and tomato soup to lusciously fatty chicken pot pie - and drinks strong enough to dehydrate all feeling from your aching emotions. 
In other words, if you ever need a bit of mom's cooking or a hug, come to Jones.If I could I would give 3 and a half stars.  We had some great dishes and some not great though nothing bad.  The calamari and pirogi were really great.  I had the curry beef sheperd's pie.  It was a lot of potato and very little beef.  My friends that had the fried chicken were happy with it.  The service was friendly and attentive.  They have a nice selection of cocktails, beers and wine.Fantastic comfort food.  The mac n cheese is incredible as an appetizer!  The Thanksgiving Dinner is probably my favorite entrée but the others I have had are very well done.  The atmosphere is 70s shabby chic and very inviting.  My only criticism would be that some dining areas are a little crammed but overall this facility is a fun Center City restaurant.  Very enjoyable.They kept us waiting and waiting with our three kids without telling us anything. 
Beside that, the food wasn't bad but really nothing exceptional especially for the price!Comfort food and the right ambiance. I'm a sucker for cool restaurant setups and the look of this place is lovely. Try the grilled cheese and tomato soup on a chilly or foggy afternoon.
Great lunch spot especially with friends or coworkers. The price is a tad steep for the simplicity of the food but not too bad once in awhile.Interesting modern interior of this place. 
Went here for a lunch meeting with an old friend. 
It was not too expensive and food came out quickly. Staff were friendly at the start and took the name of my guest as I was there before her. 
I ordered a brisket sandwich. I found the meat to be prepared very well. It was not dry and it was tasty. The gravy it was smothered in was delicious as well. I'd say some spice kick to it or some other flavor to balance it may make it even better. 
But, it was delicious. 
It came with a large side of thin fries that were also cooked well. 
Over all it was a positive experience and I would gladly visit this establishment again.Stephen Starr has yet to do wrong by my palette -- and since I'm an avid Philadelphia diner-outer, I've experienced most of his offerings in the city. Jones has a great selection of comfort food. The "Thanksgiving Dinner" is fantastic and will leave you feeling Thanksgiving Stuffed. The meatloaf is another hit, and the fried chicken and waffles made one of my good friends swoon for 20 minutes or so. The food is great.
The ambiance, however, is a bit more...raucous. It's a big, open, loud restaurant. Which, for the price range and meal options, should probably be expected. Still, though, it's annoying when you have to shout at dinner to be heard by the people sitting across from you.
Another reason for the four-star rating is that they don't take reservations. That's kind of a downer, and our group of four ended up waiting half an hour for a table. It certainly could've been worse, but we would have preferred to make reservations in advance and eliminate even that short of a wait.Jones markets itself as American comfort food and they are pretty much spot on.
The roasted organic chicken is amazing and the accompanying mashed potatoes are divine. The creamed spinach, however, came out a little more wet than creamy, and the server was kind enough to not charge us for it. The macaroni and cheese is also delicious, so are the potato pancakes.
Generally a fan, especially of their cocktails. 
The weird two-person booth seating can be a squeeze, though.After a long trip with many delays, I was looking for a quiet informal place to relax, eat and unwind.  Jones fit the bill.  The food was fair -- I had the "hold the burger" sandwich.  Good not great.  But the service was amazing.  The bartender loves his craft and takes it seriously.  He made several unusual but incredibly good drinks.  I would return any time I'm in phillie.I love this place! Probably one of my favorite places in Philly. A modern version of all of my favorite comfort foods! This restaurant is nicely decorated (with some weird pieces such as the huge mural by the bar) with helpful service. AND.... they serve fried chicken! What's not to love?It comes in a huge portion, definitely enough to fill two people, since they give you four pieces of crispy chicken! I am also usually a sucker for thanksgiving meals and Jones does a pretty decent job. I was afraid the turkey would be dry but it wasn't. I've been here several times for dinner but never for lunch. I've heard good stories from my friends about the different grilled cheese sandwiches, salmon dish and deviled eggs. I really want to try the calamari salad.... next trip!! 
Most entrees under $15. So many things I want to still try! Great for a night out with friends. Street parking wasn't too hard to find the past few times I've been there. However, there is a lot of valet parking around so that might be an issue, which is the only con.Stopped in for dinner and the first thing we noticed is the bar with nothing on tap uhhh wtf they also sat three of us at a table for two. We had the nachos and empanadas and they were both delicious but the empanadas would be better paired with a cilantro type sauce than the remoulad it came with and the nachos were super crispy but lacked chicken.  For meals we had the gyro meatball which was a fail you just don't get a bite of meat with every bite and it lacked taziki. However, the chicken and waffles were good.For desert I had the Duncan Hines chocolate cake and it literally taste like box nothing to write home about. Final note the 2 $$ are not accurate it should easily be $$$Yay for the market fresh salad. Finally a restaurant that I can tell them what to put in my salad and not feel bad about it.Great service!  Terrific comfort food!  Lovely, fun setting.I heard about Jones for the longest time as I have seen them featured on a few "Best of Philly" lists so I spent the first day of the New Year at Jones and was not disappointed. I went to try out the brunch (who can do a bad brunch, right?). This place has definitely earned a spot as one of my favorite places for brunch. Honestly, the prices are a on the steep side, not surprising due to the area, and most of their side items SHOULD be included on most the breakfast plates. For example, I think the omelettes should come with a portion of tater totes or a fruit salad, however; you have to order that as an additional side. 
Despite this shortcoming on the brunch menu, the food and drinks are truly great! They have some of the BEST pancakes I have ever tasted! They are large enough to be shared by two people and can be served topped with warm maple syrup, bananas and walnuts. Not to mention they are flurry, buttery and melt in you mouth delicious. They are to DIE for. I ordered a fruit bowl (berries, grapes, apples) the Grasshopper milkshake and I tried the Quiche. The quiche was light and fluffy and came with a side salad. Again, tater totes should be added on the plate. In addition, the quiche should come with an additional slice, its that great. 
Last but not least, the drinks. I tried a White Cranberry Orange Sangria and an adult milkshake. The sangria was so-so. It came in a small wine glass which was a disappointment since it was about $9.00. I had better tasting and sizes elsewhere. On the other hand, the adult milkshake, you guessed it made with alcohol, was creamy delicious made with chocolate  and topped with mint.
Overall, Jones for a Sunday Brunch is delicious! Hopefully, I can try the dinner menu soon!I will preface my review by saying that I had no idea this was a Steven Starr restaurant until after I came back home and read the yelp reviews...
That being said, after running into massive lines at both Morning Glory and Sabrina's and desperately in need of food while also wanting to try something new, we stumbled upon Jones and were seated immediately.  Looking around, I was impressed with the 70's inspired retro decor- the shag carpet, the stone pillars, the cozy seating and comfortable booths perfect for lounging... while my boyfriend's immediate reaction was 'it seems like an upscale Denny's...' Giving a quick first glance at the menu and it appeared that might be the case- although I was hoping for better. 
We each ordered a bloody mary (a weekend necessity that so few of our favorite brunch spots offer...) - they were great and the spicyness was done just right.  Our attentive waitress returned to take our orders- I got the heuvos rancheros and my boyfriend the salmon eggs benedict.  
Our food arrived promptly- though the portions were a bit smaller than I had expected for the price we were paying (Is that how it worked in the 70s?).  My huevos rancheros was drenched in shredded cheese- the eggs were ok, though I felt the dish as a whole was a little bit of a mushy mess...usually when I order this dish you can actually see the tortilla shell and they use cooked black beans, though happy to see that they made this without the chorizo ...My boyfriend really enjoyed his salmon eggs benedict - althought thought the english muffin was odd and strangely thin.  We didn't really get the tater tots on the side....is this *really* '70's comfort food' or just plain high school cafeteria cuisine? 
Overall, our meal was a bit overpriced, but got the job done- I would have rated this a two based solely on the food, however, Jones gets a third star for good service, excellent bloody mary's, and cozy decor.   
Will probably be back at some point for the bloody mary.this rating is based on 1 sandwich. i haven't had anything else and cannot profess love for anything more than a glorious sandwich special they had today. it was a ham (either blackforest or virginia) & swiss with thin green apple slices, grilled onions and toasted with copious amounts of butter. it comes with mayo but i requested otherwise. UNBELIEVEABLE. our waitress Morgan was also very patient and accomodating. good stuff!I don't get it!  I really don't get it!  I think I do not make enough money to get it!  I mean the food is really good, that's why I'm giving it three stars, but the value for the money isn't there.  I know I know you pay for ambiance and the name and the scene but I am just not at a point in my life where I feel like paying for all that nonsense.I love this place, great food, awesome atmosphere, reminds me of the Brady Bunch.In my opinion, you cannot go wrong with good comfort food and Jones delivers.
I have been to Jones twice for dinner.  The most recent occasion was a Friday evening for my dad's birthday before seeing a play at the nearby Walnut Street Theater.  It was early-ish for a Friday (around 6pm) so we were seated right away.  I really like the atmosphere in Jones.  It's very open and the decor is fun, yet soothing.  I love the fireplaces.
My dad picked the wine so I've never looked at the list, but what he chose was good.  We ordered the pierogies as an appetizer and for my meal I had the Texas BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich.  Dessert was the peanut butter pie with some of the excellent homemade ice cream on the side.  I don't remember what my parents ordered but everything was delicious and everyone was happy with their meals.  Good sized portions although the app only came with four pierogies which wasn't enough for three people...but maybe that's just me because I love pierogies and could have finished the entire plate myself...
Our service was excellent.  She was very friendly and knowledgeable and helpful in making choices.
It's a pretty casual restaurant.  I'm sure on weekend evening especially you will see most patrons dressed nicely but my first time dining here was before a Phillies game in jeans and a sweatshirt and I didn't feel uncomfortable.  I would definitely recommend everyone gives Jones a try.Comfortable, warm, with a slightly upscale but not annoying vibe. You can actually relax here. Cocktails are solid, if not a little uninspired. What do we actually come here for? Baked Mac 'N Cheese. Seriously. Do it. The boy and I had Christmas Eve dinner here a couple years back. I'm not a Starr fanatic by any means, but I find this restaurant really inviting and it is kind of a "happy place" for me.Had a nice dinner Friday night. Not overpriced and definitely unpretentious for a Starr restaurant, but Starr establishments are a bit yesterday anyway, aren't they?  The food was first rate. Can't remember having better calamari anywhere. No tentacles!!!  The crab cake was also exemplary as was the brisket. Very well done comfort food in a Brady Bunch environment. Maybe it's nit picky but the ye no soundtrack seemed out of place. Great service as well.The carrot cake was the best. They got rid of it for some reason. Horrible. Nachos are still decent, but not as good as they used to be. Get the chicken and wafflesAny place that serves the food of my youth + tasty cocktails (you MUST try the pink elephant...so pink and yummy) is ok with me. Love the decor - you will too, if you're a Brady Bunch fan - and the food is surprisingly good, especially for a Starr restaurant. Big points for the calamari - food with tentacles tastes good, more so when you're dining with friends. This is the kind of place you come with a group of friends - you'll have fun for sure.Jones is one of our go to casual dinner places when we have family in town. There's something for everyone and it's reasonably priced, especially for a Steven Starr restaurant. The interior makes you feel like you've been transported back in time to a 60s diner, but with a modern flare. They take reservations which is always a plus in Philly. 
For appetizers, I've had the nachos and the hummus and pita. The nachos are really good, they're individually constructed so each one has a whopping helping of cheese, beans, and chicken. However, the portion is pretty small since it's just one layer of chips instead of a pile like you would normally expect. The hummus and pita is standard, nothing much to report on. 
Most of the time when I come I get the market salad. They bring a small clipboard with the options and you can check off whatever greens, protein, cheese, veggies, and dressing you desire. Recently, they've increased the price AND limited the amount of toppings you can get. Before you could check off however many boxes you wanted-- mine usually had like 2 boxes not checked.. I like variety in my salads! Now you can pick one protein, one cheese, and 5 toppings or be charged an extra price. It's still a good deal because the salads are ENORMOUS but I'm still a little bummed at the change. My most recent one (see pic) had spinach, spring mix, bacon, blue cheese, avocado, carrots, egg, black beans, chickpeas, almonds, and red wine vinaigrette. Delicious! I usually can only finish half (and I have a big appetite), so I usually have a nice lunch for the next day. Def worth the price. I've had the chicken and waffles before too which are pretty good and very filling. 
Overall this is a good choice for a casual dinner that is family friendly and affordable. I am dying to come here for make your own bloodies so when I do, I'll report back. Love the idea of having a checklist for Bloody Mary ingredients!We came here on a Saturday night without reservations for a party of 5. They told us it was a 20 minute wait but called us back in 5-10 minutes (thumbs up! because the neighborhood is kind of deserted, so not much to explore while waiting).
The appetizers we ordered were really good - seared tuna tacos and jones nachos. The entrees were just okay - the seared sesame tuna was sort of bland and the texture was off; maybe it wasn't fresh, the chicken and waffle was a little dry and the broiled salmon was yummy. 
They also have a good selection of drinks to choose from (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) which is always a plus.I have been to the "comfort food" establishment of Steven Starrs' dining emporium twice now.  The first was last fall with work (gratis, natch) and more recently in June for my birthday.  The dining area is so fun with the Brady esque decor, and the relaxed wait staff really brings home the "comfort" feeling.
With work, we ordered up several appetizers to share, including the calamari and mac and cheese.  They were all devoured pretty quickly.  I got fried chicken and waffles, because I thought with that as an option it would be stupid not to get it.  It was fantastic.  People were fascinated when I told them what I had for dinner, since it sounds so random.  The chicken was great,  and the waffle was a nice balance of sweetness and super fluffy.  I was a bit taken back at the thought of the chicken gravy on the waffle, but it works.  For dessert, I had the pumpkin bread pudding, which tasted exactly what you would expect pumpkin pie in bread form to taste like.
I wanted to go out in the city for my birthday, so I picked this place because it was a good value (relatively) since we had a group of 7.  Actually, that was just a bonus, since I really just wanted the chicken & waffles again.  They don't take reservations, so we tried to go earlier on a Sunday (around 6pm).   They ended up having to stick one person at the end of a table for 6, which made for some issues with people getting around them.  We got the pierogies, potato pancakes and calamari for appetizers...  and promptly ordered a 2nd round of each because they were so good.  I again had the chicken and waffles and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I also like the beer selection, especially when we split a larger bottle and they served it in brandy snifters.  A few people in my group ordered some of their specialty drinks and enjoyed them as well.
Both times I enjoyed the decor, food and service, however I noticed that the 2nd time, the portions seemed to go down but the price didn't change.  I haven't been able to verify this for certain, but my coworker agreed that he remembered getting a whole waffle with pieces of chicken on top last year.  The 2nd time, I only got a half waffle, and it didn't seem like as much chicken.  Also, the first time I went I was amazed at how tall the Duncan Hines cake was.  The 2nd time, it looked about 75% as big as I remembered.  
I definitely say it's a place to try out, but not to frequent as often as you no longer get what you are paying for.Food was great and the server was very nice.  I'm from Texas but am a big fan of Stephan Starrs.
Can't wait to try one of his other concepts next time I'm in Philly!Jones is a solid comfort food spot if you're with picky eaters (like kids), have family in from out of town or business associates who enjoy kitschy places and don't mind a little higher than necessary prices. Service is generally very friendly (save the bartender who told me she didn't have and couldn't get a spoon) and quick. Waits can be long especially for Saturday or Sunday brunch and there are no reservations so be prepared to wait at least 30 min between 11:30 and 1. Fried chicken and waffles is my fave and brisket sandwich is excellent too (both around $14, I think). It's a bit more expensive than it should be, but food is plentiful and filling and generally very good. Layer if you come here--they have a fireplace and a shag run so if you sit in "the pit", it gets hot up in there!Its definitely not my favorite starr restaurant, but it has a few good options for the price point. I go to Jones when I'm nearby, but I dont usually travel into the city to eat there. The food quality used to be much better years ago, but it has really fallen off lately.Comfort food? Yes please!
Every server and staff member were in positive moods and had their own preferences. I saw online I should get the Chicken and Waffles. I asked a few others and they gave their other recommendations. Not just the expensive ones, but everything. A good omen.
I had the bottomless mimosa with three different juices and opted for the chicken and waffles. Perfect. My first experience with them and they were wonderful. The server we had was excellent and came to us from time to time. My only complaint is that the meal could have used just a little more chicken or a second waffle. But that's my gluttony talking. 
Will I come back? Hell yeah!My family and I went over a show at the Walnut (5 minute walk which was awesome) and was recommended by two friends to try it out. Honestly thought the price was a little expensive for what you got, especially my meal of a Turkey Pot Pie which was $19 and that's all you got, no soup or salad or side. Don't get me wrong, everything that we had tasted really good, but for comfort food it wasn't comforting when I got the check. Definitely recommend the Chicken Parm, Mac & Cheese and if you don't mind the price the Turkey or Chicken Pot Pie (depending on what they have). Also I highly recommend getting a booth on the mezzanine over looking the whole restaurant, it was nice to be a little secluded from everyone else and had that sense of VIP. Only problem is that sometimes a server won't be right there when you need one and will have to wait for them to come back upstairs.  For an overall experience and the fact that it was a Stephen Starr restaurant it was good, just thought it could have been a little more for the price I paid.In a word, disappointing. Comfort food concept well designed but execution did not live up to the hype. Had skirt steak. Small portion for the price and not very tender. Turkey pot pie seemed well received by one of our party but brisket was not a hit. Service was swift at least so we got out quick. Won't be back.Great little spot for brunch.  I stopped here on my last trip to Philadelphia before heading out in the morning, and I have to say the food was good, the drinks were good (as I always have to have my Bloody Mary's with any brunch), and the place was absolutely adorable.  I believe it was once an old bank that has now been renovated into a retro 60's style restaurant that reminds me of something out of the Brady Bunch, but a little cooler.  If you're in the city, why not.Jones. The name suggests what you can expect. The commonplace. Tried and true. From your mother's -- Mrs. Jones's -- kitchen. I had meatloaf and mashed potatoes. Hadn't had this combo in a REAL resto since Horn & Hardart's when I was kid. (Actually H&H wasn't a real resto. But never mind). Enjoyed. First rate table service. Nothing special. Just dependable. It's a Steven * resto. So that's expected. --- Hotspur.This is a review of Jones as an after-work cocktails and appetizer spot.
And as you can see, it's not a good review. Jones has the potential to be a hip, go-to place in the Market East area (near the federal courthouse), but it falls short. Come on Jones, give us a happy hour special at least! Let us know that you care.
Also, the atmosphere is kind of... dead. At least around 6 or so. On the flip side, this means that a large group could go, find seating at the bar, and actually hear each other talk. Silver linings, etc.
Also, I had the turkey club. "Meh." I've heard mac & cheese is good, so maybe I'll go back for that sometime.Seemed like a decent enough place while in town for business. I was interested in the Reuben but didn't come across any reviews, glad I tried this one. Most places make below average versions with either too much flavorless meat or not enough sauce, sauerkraut and soggy bread. Everything was good about this reuben from the crunchy rye bread to the cheese, possibly the best I've had.
Although it was enough for me the serving of coleslaw was quite small.We went on Sunday noon time.  It was pretty packed, waited about 20 mins they accidentally lost our names so quickly gave us the next available table.  Overall service was great!  Food overall was really good not too greasy which most diners foods are.  Love the waffles and potato tots!  Although fried chicken was not crispy enough!We came here for the brunch deal ($50 a person for endless drinks and food for 2 hours) to celebrate a friend's birthday. A group of 24 ppl and the place was pretty accommodating. Food was good; monkey bread is amazing! Service was alright; with a large group we ordered lots and lots of drinks. We asked for a pitcher of mimosa (which would've made it easier on the server and we could've gotten drinks faster) but they wouldn't allow it. Didn't make a lot of sense to us. Overall, pretty good, except for the speed of receiving drinks.I have finally tried all three of Steven Starr's restaurants in Philly (unless there are more I don't know about lol). I had a great dinner here last night for my friend's birthday party, but I do have to say it's my least favorite of the three (continental being my favorite by far). 
The atmosphere is a swanky, 70s ski lodge complete with the shaggy carpet. They were very accommodating for a party of 8 on a Saturday night. 
They have a great selection of creative cocktails. I order a blueberry vodka drink with mint. It was delicious. 
For dinner, I had to go with the grilled cheese and tomato soup. They have several comfort food options, but the grilled cheese was calling my name. I made a good decision because the cheese was perfectly gooey and the soup was creamy. I added avocado to my grilled cheese because, why not ? 
The service was great. The food was good. I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars because I know Steven Starr can do better.I meet my husband here several times a month after taking the train.  Easy to walk to from Market East and so warm and comfy!  Usually get a window booth and some special drink the waiter suggests.  I love the salmon with the thin potatoes and mushroom topping.  He always eats the meatloaf and mashed potatoes and peas...something I would never make at home!!  The service is fast and friendly.  The market salad is incredible...you pick whatever you want and it is fresh and chopped and hard to finish!  So yes, it is homey and comfort food....in a relaxed fun atmosphere!JONES is one of my favorite dinner spots in the city because it offers something for everyone!
Always great service and yummy comfort food like mom makes. I really love the Turkey dinner especially when I am craving Thanksgiving meal in the middle of July.  I also recommend the Nachos if you are hungry or have a large party. Their specialty cocktails are unique, light, and refreshing so try one (or three)!
I've brought everyone here for dinner: my suburban family, my out of town guests, and my best friend! Like I said their menu has something for everyone and the decor is cool without being over the top trendy.
I almost forgot: ORDER DESSERT! They are fabulous!After reading all of the mixed reviews, I decided to book my birthday dinner at Jones anyway, since I love Stephen Starr restaurants to begin with.
The food was delicious. From appetizers to dessert, they know what they're doing. I loved the menu and had a hard time deciding what I wanted because everything looked so good! 
The ambiance was great. Loved the shag carpeting and lighting.
Let me tell you, the service was great. Our waitress, Brett, was so attentive to our needs and constantly refilled our water throughout the entire meal. She really made my birthday dinner stand out. Loved the ice cream and birthday cookies!
From start to finish, this place is very high on my list of favorite places. I would recommend Jones to anyone who is in Philly and wanting a great place to eat.I've been having a hard time finding a good brunch spot, until I found Jones.  Unfortunately for me, Jones is a 3 hour drive.   So I will not be frequenting it - but one can dream.
We sat upstairs, which I recommend - a little quieter & you can watch everyone below you.  We were there around 11:30 on a rainy Saturday, and were sat immediately.  Service was fine, and fast.  Decor is super cute.
I had the French toast with tater tots.  Tater tots, you ask?  Yes, because where I'm from, they are not quite ubiquitous.  My Philly friend (aka tour guide) also had the French toast, and my husband had the avocado sandwich with fries.   The French toast was thick and tasty, and probably the biggest piece of French toast I've ever seen.   I enjoyed the tater tots.  My husband liked his sandwich and fries, but the fries went cold fast.  
Perhaps a second location in DC or Boston is needed?Recommended by a local, and packed for lunch by them, but overall not a do over. Very very loud and noisy, so conversation was difficult. The Reuben sandwiches didn't grab your tastebuds, and neither did the brisket sandwich. The latter was juicy and tender but no flavor over and above the roll. I would expect, from a place with these ratings, signature sandwiches that made your mouth water for another visit. Much prefer my wife's smoked brisket as a meal, then leftovers, leftovers, leftovers.Me and my girlfriend were invited to go out to dinner at Jones with her grandmother, who ate here for brunch earlier that afternoon. When she told me how great her brunch was she was eager to take us back for dinner. I trusted that she had good taste and I would not be disappointed. Naturally, I walked into Jones with high expectations and the first impression I received was warm and comforting. The dim lighting and surrounding fire really made me feel at home. We arrived here without reservations but this was not seen as an issues or inconvenience to us or the workers. We were seated promptly and out order were taking almost immediately. Our waiter was fantastic. His name is Trevor and was very personable as well as many of the other employees who recognized my girlfriends grandmother and made it known. I always say, the impression the worker makes is the same  impression people leave with and how they feel about that reastraunt which in retrospect will determine whether a reastrsunt is worth going back to or not. Jones is definitely one to go back to. After we ordered out meals they came back to us in no time. The atmosphere makes it a lighthearted place to engage in conversation so it never feel like you're waiting to long for anything plus they waiters/waitresses are on top of everything. Now as far as the food went. I've tried a little of everyone's entrees when we received them. Most of the food here is American but high end American at inexpensive prices. I ordered an Pull Pork sandwich and it definitely placed as one of the best I've ever had. Here is the best part of my experience here. because my girlfriends grandmother was recognized from earlier that day. The manager offered all three of free dessert on the house. I had  a peanut butter brownie Sunday which was superb and satisfied my stomach mind and body leaving me with nothing bad to say. I cannot wait to go back again . Thanks you Jones for everything. And a special thanks to Trevor, our waiter, and Ryan the manager.So good!!!  Food, Service and drinks were amazing.  I was in town for a business trip and we went here for dinner one night.  Was just a great choice.  The waitress was so nice and had great recommendations for us - If I'm ever back in the area - I need to visit Jones again.Not impressed. I figured this place would have amazing food because its a Stephen Starr restaurant but it was just eh. We had the mac and cheese (good), piergoies, and the lobster roll. The lobster roll was small, and just OK. Nothing here "blew me away".  The decor was nice, the service was great and my apple pear smash drink was delish.A friend in Philly recommended this place for a casual quick dinner.  What good advice!  Anytime I'm in town for a visit and I need a quick bite this place is great.  Not only does the whole staff check on you constantly to make sure you are happy, the food is really good.  And what value!  Turkey Dinner you can't go wrong!  Can't wait to go back, what a discovery!My Bestie & I dined in after a movie at the Ritz - Bourse, we arrived slightly after 9, the restaurant was still in full swing. The lighting was prefect, cool beats played in the background. Our waiter kind of looked like Alan Thick.but Better. I ordered chicken+ waffles. BEST CHOICE EVER!! She ordered too; At first glance it seemed as if the fish taco had a hair on it,  however, it was from the stem of the cilantro.The waiter was so understanding and patient with us, his Manager came over and he was equally as cool. He reordered the tacos, took them off the bill and treated us to desert. She choose the chocolate cake and I died for another cocktail that contained drumbais or something with honey& whiskey...we Cannot Wait to Return!
#new chill spotSolid spot for brunch. 
Mr. F always goes to Jones when in the City of Brotherly love.  This place is always hopping so be sure to make reservations in advance.  
Mr. F always goes for the monkey bread with that sweet semeny glaze.  It's so delicious. Mr. F also enjoys the make your own Bloody Mary. They have plenty of options for everyone's palate (cucumber ice cubes are awesome). 
Other favorites include the cheesesteak omelette, chicken & waffles, and the mac & cheese. Mr. F did not see the delicious potato pancakes on the menu last time he was there.   He hopes they bring them back. 
One word of warning to my fellow bears. The booths here are a little tight. If you are truly big, sexy, and burly you may want to choose a table.We tried this place based on Philadelphia magazine calling the grilled cheese & tomato soup one of the dishes you have to eat in Philly.  Not disappointed.  This place is fantastic.  The grilled cheese and soup came even better than advertised.    
Couple of contrived aspects of the place... it is a Steven Starr restaurant after all.  It looks like the diner from Pulp Fiction.  The servers and bus boys look like they have to wear some vintage rock tshirt from Urban Outfitters (I guess its like their 15 pieces of flair).  And this place attracts quite a few hipsters that look like they are trying too hard... lots of douche bags here who look like they are dying to be extras on the Hills.
Most importantly the food is fantastic.  The service is wonderful.  And the prices are reasonable.Jones used to be the perfect place: cheerful kitschy 60s interior with comfort food appealing to both guy and girl headed down to see a movie at the Ritz. But then, like Don Draper's household and the offices of Sterling Cooper, things started to change. 
The atmosphere and service are still delightful (hence the three stars). The server was welcoming, came back several times to fill our iced tea glasses, and asked us, along with someone else, how our food was. Unfortunately, I had to offer some constructive feedback (OK, complain). I used to LOVE their turkey burger. Ordered it every time for the buttery bun and freshly ground turkey topped with a dollop of melting boursin cheese (similar to one of the burger preparations at Monks). Sadly, the burger this time was a thick patty more similar to the one they serve at Marathon. And the beef in my father's beef brisket sandwich was poorly seasoned. Perhaps I'll be back for some grilled cheese and tomato soup or another basic they probably do well. But unfortunately I think my burger broke the Jones' spell.Let me paint the picture for you. It was my 24th birthday. It was a dreary early spring day. The first day of spring actually. I had just broken up with the guy I had been dating. I was deep in the 5 day slump I am allowed to have after a breakup. I don't believe in feeling bad for myself for more than 5 days. But I was in rare form and feeling bad for myself on that particular day. 
I'm not a big birthday person, and never one to plan something for myself. But when my 2 best friends insisted on taking me out, I wasn't about to decline. And so be it that an evening out with my girlfriends, fun cocktails, and comfort food courtesy of Steven Starr was just what I needed to break my funk! 
There was about a 10 minute wait for a table when we arrived, so we sat down at the bar and ordered drinks. The cocktail list was so fun. We would have liked to try them all, but alas it was a Sunday night. The menu did not disappoint either. It was a creative twist on what would come out of my mom's kitchen. It went perfectly with the decor. The exposed brick and open kitchen made me feel like I was home. My friends ordered sandwiches and I had an entree. We were all pleased with our choices and the portions were large. I would have liked to try dessert because they sounded great, but I was just too full! 
Jones is not my favorite Steven Starr, but it is a great alternative if you are looking for something a little less pretentious than its neighbors on Chestnut Street. It doesn't matter how fab you think you are, sometimes you just need some good old fashioned home cooking, and Jones will definitely hit the spot!Great great great brunch at Jones.
I recommend the monkey bread (to be split among the table) and the chicken and waffles! The bloody mary bar offers a build your own bloody mary experience where you can order a bloody mary exactly the way you are feeling it that morning. 
On the weekends you may have to wait a bit to get a table.Went on a Monday night as to avoid huge weekend crowds. The meatloaf was amazing. Everywhere my boyfriend and I go now, we always compare the Meatloaf to Jones'.When ever I walk into this restaurant, I'm reminded of the Brady Bunch house. Everything about this place spells "comfort." It's decorated beautifully, and the food is great. I had the "Thanksgiving Dinner" and loved it. Everyone in our group (5 of us) really enjoyed the rood and atmosphere.We ate at Jones again today, and I have to say,"No, No, NO, Jones!!!!!!!!!!  You do NOT serve Chicken and Waffles with a bland CHICKEN GRAVY!!!" IT does NOTHING to bring out the flavor of the chicken OR waffles. Terrible gravy. Luckily, the chicken didn't need it, and we ate the waffles with syrup.
While we're on the subject of waffles, what was up with the HALF of Belgian waffle you guys served us?  I have never been given a HALF of waffle at a restaurant before. Surely you guys can splurge a little and give us a WHOLE waffle.had the chicken and waffles! it was very good. i look forward to trying other dishes. and they deliver!!Honestly, if I'm going to pay $25 for pancakes, bacon, coffee, and a drink I want the food to knock me over.  I ordered one of the fancy fruit drinks they had listed (The Giant Peach) which was neither giant, nor peachy.
The best part of my brunch was the coffee and even then $2.50 for coffee? I should be able to steal the mug (I didn't) for that price. 
My drink, The Giant Peach, was not giant. It was all Sprite, with very little peach. Thanks, I just paid $4 for half of a glass of soda. 
The bacon was undercooked and if I wanted mediocre pancakes, I'd make them at home. Not my cup of tea.Jones is by far my least favorite Stephen Starr restaurant.
First off, the decorum is far too kitschy for me. It's corny to the point where it's uncomfortable. There is nothing attractive to me about eating in my weird great-aunt's 1970's apartment. 
More importantly, the food + drink leaves much to be desired. I've had the portobello burger, the ALT (avocado lettuce tomato), and something else that I can't remember. It's all just mediocre. Certainly nothing worth writing home about. Drinks, as others have mentioned, are overpriced and not delicious.
Probably the worst part is that the food might actually taste better if you were eating it in a room without a carpeted floor.  Jones just reminds me of having to eat at your friends house whose parents never redecorated.I was recently in Philly for one night and had scoped out the reviews beforehand, to make sure we picked a good place for our one and only dinner.  I am so happy I went with Jones - it was just what we were looking for.  We wanted something special, but not fancy schmancy.  Of course, we also wanted solid food.  Jones fit the bill!  Somehow we got really lucky and were seated immediately at 9PM on Saturday night.  Nice surprise, considering we were expecting a wait.   So many things on the menu looked good, but we settled on the mac and cheese appetizer to start things off.   It was delicious - loved the bread crumbs on top.  I often order this at another restaurant at home, where it's served "fancier" with pancetta, truffle oil and mushrooms.  This mac and cheese was old school with delicious cheddar that melted in your mouth.  We literally scraped the dish clean.  I also liked the rolls that they served for the table.  I had the chicken pot pie as my entree and definitely made the right choice - it was so hearty, I almost want to go back on a cold night, just to order it.  Creamy and tasty, with plenty of carrots inside.  My husband may have made the one bad call of the evening - he ordered the jambalaya and didn't love it - it was ok, but he would order something else next time.  However, he was a big fan of the buttered peas that he ordered as a side.  Somehow, I still had room for dessert and seriously could have ordered just about any of the choices on the dessert menu - they all sounded so good.  We went with the carrot cake, because I had been craving it for a while.  Delicious!!  Our waiter was terrific - was on top of things and enthusiastic, but not obtrusive.  The swivel chairs were comfy and the place had a nice vibe.  My one and only complaint is that it is really noisy - the acoustics were terrible - I wouldn't suggest going here on a first date, as it's hard to hear even across the table.  Next time I'm in Philly, I'll be tempted to try somewhere new, but it will be very hard not to return to Jones.After hearing the hype before visiting Philadelphia - plus  a rave review from a fellow librarian while attending a conference I knew I would have to try Jones out.  My last night in town a group of went to  - always a good thing when they don't *blink* at a party of 8!  I'm sure it helped that it was a Monday night :)   I loved the decor - awesomely done 70s basement goodness - although it must be a bitch to clean the crap from the shag carpet every night.  In particular I loved the lighting, the inset details and the unisex, private bathrooms.   I had the reuben and as far as reubens go it wasn't the best I have ever had, but it was pretty good.  The food is very, very reasonably priced - anytime you can eat somewhere for less than $20 (not booze of course) is a bonus to me!Enjoyed a great dinner with my family this Sunday.  
Husband and I had the Turkey dinner.  Delicious. 
Drinks-- Philly Sour and Thyme were both very good.  
Kids had burgers and toasted cheese with tomato soup.  Everyone enjoyed their choice.  
Would definitely return. 
Great atmosphere as well.Went there for bottomless bellinis over brunch as a party of two. There was a bit of wait despite making a reservation but nothing to write home about. 
Our waiter was attentive and polite without being overbearing. He kept the champagne and juice flowing as soon as prompted which was great. 
As for the food, we started with the monkey bread - which is basically a shareable, rippable cinnamon bread that comes with a sugary dipping sauce. Think cinnabon. Personally, I'm not a huge fan of desert foods in general, let alone at noon on a Sunday, but my friend seemed to enjoy it. 
For the entree, we both ordered juevos rancheros (I know, sue us). While not incredibly delicious, the juevos rancheros certainly weren't bad. I'd give them 3 out of 5 stars. The reason I gave Jones 4/5 stars was due to the good service and reasonable price - and the food wasn't bad at all!
Would definitely come back to try some of their other stuff on the menu and for bottomless bellinis.If you're going to get comfort food, why not get Stephen Starr comfort food? I've lost track of his proliferation of establishments since I moved away, but, as a random restaurant choice, this was a good one. The four of us all got drinks, entrees and desserts, and left happy. Everyone got different cocktails, and we were each pleased with our choices. We went poultry-heavy: two orders of chicken pot pie, one of chicken and waffles, and one of fried chicken (mine). The pot pie was deemed wanting salt, but was otherwise well-received. My fried chicken was delicious: perfectly crispy on the outside, succulent on the inside. The accompanying fries were well-done, too. 
As for dessert, I can say only this: S'MORES. Get the s'mores, everyone; they are amazing and perfect, and I would eat them every day without complaint, I think. So, overall, a good meal, and won't break the bank. Keep it up, Mr. Starr.Cool place, I like the vibe. The bowl of bacon is weird and awesome at the same time. The only thing is the lay out makes it hard to mingle and its busy a lot so if you are not lucky enough to get a seat you end up feeling like you are in the way sometimes.Funky retro Stephen Starr restaurant.
Came for brunch:
1. Breakfast burrito was very good - eggs, bacon, and tater tots in the burrito with bits of jalapeno diced up in there. Came with some of their homemade hot sauce/salsa that had a nice smokey flavor to it. Tater tots came on the side. Order some sour cream, mix with salsa, enjoy!
2. Huevos Rancheros - they were pretty good but no beans and thought the corn tortilla could've been fried a bit more, but alas they were delicious nonetheless
3. build your own bloody mary - fill out the form and presto you get a delicious drink
4. had a bunch of other brunch drinks that looked good.
def would come back for brunch again or just to grab a drink.How anyone could give this place less that 5 stars bewilders me. Jones was the first restaurant I visited when I first came to Philly, and if I ever leave, it will be the last. Probably got nearly 100 visits under the belt and counting. Never a bad experience, never a bad meal, always a full tummy.i loved jones.  like all the other restaurants in this group, i love the theme and decor, and the american homestyle menu.
and like most 'theme restaurants' i expected it to be mediocre overpriced food, but it wasn't. 
the menu is varied and unique, and fits the theme very well, and everything i ordered was absolutley delicious, and served in very generous sized portions.  we had a large doggie bag.  
we ate mac n cheese that was outrageous, delicious salads, and a fantastic burger.  even the drinks were delicious.  
this restaurant delivered exactly what it promised, and i can't wait to go back!  love it!So I've been to Jones a couple times now and I've always enjoyed the atmosphere. Got the shrimp and chicken dumplings and there were four of em for 8 bucks with soy sauce that just kinda resembled plain old soy sauce. I got the crabcake which was a good size and tasty. Fries that came with the dish were nothing special. Service was fine and I'll probably be back, I just need to figure out what entrees are worth getting.I recently had a great brunch experience at Jones! I would like to come here again to explore more of the menu!
Service: Our waitress was wonderfully attentive and helpful. One of my friends was observing Lent so our waitress was very knowledgeable as to what she could/could not order. Overall, service here is fantastic!
Food: Jones came highly recommended from a friend who likes simple, Brady-Brunch style food and decor. We heard of the famous monkey bread and it certainly did not disappoint. If you choose to come here for brunch, you must order it! I ordered the spinach and feta omelette which was good but nothing to write home about. The good think about Jones is that the portions are a good size - I got a piece of toast and tater tots included with my order, which was a nice addition. My friend ordered the ALT (avocado, lettuce, tomato) which she raved about as well.
Summary: Jones is a great place to come for a simple, good brunch. The service doesn't disappoint. Jones is worth a try if you're in the area!As consistent as it gets!
I have eaten from Jones (in house and delivery) countless times and I have to say they are always very good.
I usually go with the Hummus and Pita and the Matzo Ball Soup, but decided to try the calamari salad, which I heard was very good.
Let me just say, it was way better than "good."  It was great. The server followed the instructions of no tentacles and that made it even better.  I hate wasting food and I despise the tentacles, so I was in heaven.
The dressing is out of this world and the calamari was lightly fried to perfection.  The little pieces of corn added a nice flavor as well.  
HHHHMMMMMMM...I think I know what I am having for dinner tonight!Hangover cure? Bloody Mary a la carte menu, mac n cheese - maybe chicken and waffles. Not going to lose weight here like that - but they do have an awesome build your own salad menu for those so inclined. Like brunching with the Brady family - comforting, familiar, but better than being at home.I visited for brunch on New Years Eve with my boyfriend. We had reservations and were seated quickly. The atmosphere is very eclectic, warm, friendly, and sophisticated, yet family friendly.  I had the Brussel Sprouts omlet w tater tots, he had chicken and waffles. Both were really, really good. The presentation was just OK. 
With the Brussel Sprout omlet, the spouts weren't braised or roasted prior. So they were kind of soft in the omlet. They still tasted fine. But another preparation could have yielded a more savory taste and firmer texture.   His chicken included the beast and thigh and both were prepared well. The waffle was prepared well too. They should feature real maple syrup to enhance this entre. 
Overall, it was good. I'd eat there again.Three of us had dinner here before the Philly pops concert. I am being generous giving them 3 stars.  I had a glass of wine for 12 bucks. We all shared a potato pancake appetizer. It was delicious but since we had no forks we had to wait forever for the waitress to notice. Actually, one of the managers helped us.  I had the meatlloaf platter. The meatloaf was good, but the gravy was reall really sweet. My dining partners had a turkey club and the other had a cheeseburger. There was nothing special about the food and the service was poor. They just too busy. With only one glass of wine the check was 70.00. We could have had the same dinner at Oregon diner for half the price.Really not that good. Ate here with my sister for brunch today and was really underwhelmed. We both ordered omelettes that were overdone (hers contained maybe a crumble of feta at most).  Our toast came out with no butter, which we had to ask for unfortunately. Jones is also pretty pricey for what you get. Four dollars for poor quality drip coffee is absurd.  Can't say I'd recommend this place for brunch at least.Was there with my family for dinner.  Waiter was great and came up with good suggestions.  Food was great and came out in a timely manner.  The Mac and Cheese was the best I ever tasted.  Interesting retro shag carpet.  Kids loved it and so did I and the wife.  If we are ever back in Philly in this area we will be sure to visit again.Wonderful comfort food. The potpie, mac and cheese, and chili were all exceptional.My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch recently. I immediately LOVED the concept: comfort food and comfort style. I loved the interior design, and got giddy when we were seated at a two-person booth. I dug it, despite the tight space. 
Given this excitement, I wish I could give it 3.5 stars. IMO, the food was okay but not great. We split the tuna tacos and the breakfast burrito. The tuna was good, but the cold ingredients were a bit odd and awkward in the hard shell taco. The breakfast burrito was good, but again, not great. (I did like the addition of tater tots) The bloody mary I had was pretty tasty, though, and I'd say that overall we left satisfied.Went for BRUNCH, which was delicious. 3 stars for the food, 3 1/2 stars because you get to make your own bloody mary! My dreams came true! I didn't have to hope that they would spice the rim with old bay, or include baby gherkins on a toothpick, I got to CHOOSE!! Genius move, Jones. 
The brunch items all come with TATER TOTS! Way to make me so ecstatic during a brutal hangover. 
The LATKES are addicting. Give me a good latke with some delicious applesauce and a little creme fraiche, and I'll give you a kiss and a good bootyshake. (Those latkes go straight to my booty)
The omelette was definitely solid, though our friend's huevos rancheros were looking pretty tempting. It took everything I had not to reach across the table and grab a bite. 
Jones has a great diner feel, without being a gross greasy diner. I highly recommend, and I'll definitely go back.We googled places you should eat when visiting Philadelphia and Jones came up.  We went here Saturday around 12/1 pm and they were very busy so we sat at the bar and our bartender was very attentive.  
We ordered chicken and waffles and french toast which were amazing.  The chicken was SUCCULENT hands down the best chicken I have ever had with chicken and waffles.  It was soo good that it was unbelievable.  The French Toast was good but I was seriously blown away by the chickenI love Jones most for their baked mac & cheese and tomato soup/grilled cheese combo. Their take on American food is spot-on. 
My only complaint- it's a little steep for frequent lunches and I've only been to dinner a couple of times because of the high prices, but the food is always great, the service is great, and the atmosphere is great, so at least you're not wasting your money! 
Special Note: If you can get a seat by the fireplace, it's even better! If you can't get a table, the bar is usually available.
Special Treat: Sometimes it's nice to walk here from a neighboring restaurant and just get dessert- they are sooo goood!!Like all Starr places they had great service! A friend of mine a belligerently drunk from their $18 all you can drink champagne special and they didn't throw him out like he deserved! I love Starr restaurants in general because if their staff is always top notch and Jones was no different. I got an avocado sandwich which was really good, especially the multi grain bread. All in all I can't wait to go back.Excellent food!. Always nice and courteous staff. Highly recommend their Mac n cheese! Delicious!3.5 stars. 
This was the bride's #1 choice for her bachelorette party and it was all about her this night. It honestly wouldn't be the first place that comes to mind for me for such an occasion and I did indeed suggest other restaurants, even other Starr's. I hadn't been to Jones in way over a decade so I figured maybe things had changed. Ehh. 
Positives: 
The sweet printed menu with the name of the event at the top. 
Mac and cheese was said to be fantastic. 
Nachos were another favorite. 
Shoestring fries were great and went fast. 
Whoopee pies went and the dairy free berry sorbet was delicious and well liked by all. 
Guava margs were good. A tad too much ice. Pricey. 
Service was fantastic! Thanks to Dalton and the manager, Steve. 
Vibes were fairly good. 
They went out of their way to provide a vegan meal just for me and it was delicious. 
Separate bills for drinks were appreciated. 
Negatives: 
The meal was very heavy for the last time we were dining. Not the restaurants fault. 
The pierogis were said to taste like frozen just "jazzed up"   
The apps were preferred over the main meals. 
"Underwhelmed" was a word used at the table.
No one was really thrilled with having to eat pre-select entrees and paying a set price which is what is required for a party our size (11 people) 
Many didn't feel the price we paid per person was worth it. 
**You must email the events coordinator Abby to secure this type of reservation. A 50% deposit is then required.It was okay at best. Prices were moderate, really that on par where you would expect them to be.  The food was not the greatest, almost tasted like it was a microwaved meal. That being said perhaps it was just the dish I got.  I ordered the brisket, portions were not overly huge and it was just boing. Meat was a little tough and chewy.   My wife ordered salmon and she says her meal was very good. The best part of our meal was the appetizer. Do yourself a favor and get the nachos. They were very good. 
I think the other part of the diner that was disappointing was the service. Slow and un-attentive was being kind. I would probably never go back nor recommend this place. Hope this helps.I have eaten here several times, mostly for dessert.  You'll enjoy the fireplace in the middle.
They have bottomless drinks for brunch!Took an out of town friend here for brunch this weekend. We had excellent service (friendly and attentive waitstaff), good food (omelet was delicious and tater tots hit the spot), and tasty drinks (can't beat bottomless bellinis)! We had a relaxing meal and enjoyed the retro-feel decor in this restaurant. I am glad I made a reservation as it got quite crowded by the door with people waiting for tables by the time we left. Overall great experience. Will be back!Had brunch here recently and really enjoyed the food as well as the decor and friendly service.  Loved the shag carpeting and lodge feel.  I had the turkey sausage, Swiss and arugula omelette, hubby had spinach omelette. The turkey sausage was flavorful - hubby said it tasted like it was from his home state of Louisiana - spicy!  We noted that there were no salt and pepper shakers on the table, but the food didn't need the extra flavoring, it was very good.  The tator tots were amazing, and we also had some hot chocolate muffins with raspberry jam that were moist and delicious.  As it was a brunch and not breakfast menu, there were also items like Mac and cheese, turkey burger, etc, and I couldn't look (because I was stuffed) but there was also a dessert menu - which seemed strange at 10 am).
It was a lovely breakfast and I look forward to the opportunity to return.Not my favorite, but not the worst either. I've been here for lunch a couple of times and it's conveniently located in proximity of my workplace. I always make a reservation because it can get crowded during lunchtime. I've tried various sandwiches and salads and always left underwhelmed and about $25 poorer. The servers have always been pleasant and the hostess is always kind and accommodating, but that's not enough to secure more than three stars. I know it may seem silly, but the iced tea is great. It's always fresh brewed and delicious. This usually weighs heavy on whether or not I think a restaurant is good. Another important component is clean bathrooms, and this place definitely passes the test. If you're looking for a place to sit down and dine for lunch, Jones is decent and has a funky fresh atmosphere, but don't expect to be wowed.If I had to live on nothing but Southern eats for the rest of my life, I'd be perfectly content.
Jones intrigued me for quite some time -- the storefront seemingly standing out whenever I'd walk by it. Finally, last Sunday, a friend and I decided to stop in for a late brunch. We saw people waiting outside, but since we were a small party, we were quickly seated.
I had a perfect view of the kitchen from my chair. It was a curse. Despite the fact that we had been seated just three minutes before and hadn't even ordered yet, I wanted my food that instant. I don't think I've ever been as impatient at a restaurant than I was at Jones. It's amazing my friend didn't hurt her neck considering how many times I urged her to turn around/strain to look at plates being produced behind her.
We decided to have a sober brunch, so I started with a Jones cream soda -- mostly because of the irony and the fact that I didn't think I had one since I was 13. Still good stuff.
For entrees, my friend got the meatless cheese sandwich and ate every bite. She loved it. I got the fried chicken and fries basket, and despite a truly valiant effort, it looked like I didn't take a bite by the time I was finished with it. I'm fairly certain they had an entire chicken squished into that basket, sans feet (thank you for that, Jones) and head (also thank you for that, Jones). It also came with cole slaw, which was exceptional for when you're comparing it to other slaws.
Needless to say, I'll be back. I could only fit so much chicken in my stomach on that day -- and there are so many other menu options still on my in-brain list to try!Well at least Jones is pretty consistent. But then again, you'd expect that out of a Steven Starr establishment.
Came back, brought my parents, and enjoyed another evening of comfort foods.
This time I was smart and ordered their Mac & Cheese to share with everyone. Honestly, I wasn't too impressed. It tasted just like Velveeta to me, same sharp cheese and thick consistency. I don't really mind Velveeta, I just was expecting something more...
My grilled cheese and tomato soup were very satisfying and my step-father practically licked his thanksgiving dinner plate clean. So all in all it was a successful trip. I just don't see the hype in their Mac & Cheese, o well...Jones is definitely average quality, not many complaints, but nothing to really rave over either. We went as a group of five with a reservation so we didn't have to wait long for a table. They have a limited menu during certain times, so be careful of that. It was very busy and loud, but this wasn't an issue for us. We would go back if there weren't any other options, but considering the area, there are many other better options.Hands down: my FAVORITE restaurant in Philadelphia. I love Jones for brunch, but would eat every meal here, if I had the chance. You must try the macaroni and cheese. The tomato soup and grilled cheese combo is great. If you are daring, try the chicken and waffles. This is comfort food at its finest. And the cocktails are great, too.The food was delicious and the service was almost too fast. It has a beautiful atmosphere and the tables have outlets! The prices are reasonable and I am definitely returning.I had a wonderful experience at Jones! My boyfriend and I went there for dinner not long ago and we were both extremely pleased! I ordered the sesame crusted Ahi Tuna steak and was very delighted! The fish was extremely fresh and flavored just right! My boyfriend ordered the chicken pot pie and was also extremely satisfied. At first I criticized his choice of pot pie, but once it came out I quickly changed my mind! It was the largest pot pie I have ever seen! The portion was gigantic and it was full of all yummy fresh ingredients. You can also tell the crust was homemade! Although I thoroughly enjoyed  my tuna, I would probably get the pot pie for myself on our next trip there!
The prices were a little bit steep but you're paying for excellent quality food, great service, and an awesome atmosphere to take in! I would recommend Jones for anyone looking for a great home cooked meal!The decor is chic yet inviting, the food literally melts in your mouth (highly recommend the customized bloody mary and the tina tacos) and the service is exceptional!!! Here for a dual Sweet 16 birthday brunch celebration, and everyone enjoyed their meal, from the mac n cheese to the omelettes. Matt went above and beyond to ensure our seating was inviting to include our large group, checked on us frequently to ensure our satisfaction. Matt even arranged a birthday treat for both girls celebrating their birthdays and their mom's...the chocolate cake lit with a candle and accompanied by a glass of milk was dreamy, decadent and the perfect finish to an amazing dining experience. Thank you Matt! We all can't wait to return!Very creative decor. Nice staff. Big selection
of things to eat and drink.Been going to Jones on and off for about 18 months since we live in the area. No more. 
No one seems to attend to the complaint that this place is deafening. In fact we left early on one visit because the noise level was so aversive that our ears were ringing and it was impossible to carry on a conversation.
The food continues to be predictable and OK but so overpriced for essentially diner food.
The service is chaotic and staff is not trained competently. Recently our party of 8 tried to get in on a weekday at 5 pm and the host was so scattered that he barely knew what he was doing with a line that was out the door. He looked like a deer in the headlights. Not confidence inspiring. And the people kept waiting while he dithered. Then come to find out that they NOW have changed to taking reservations. Way to go Jones -- should have done that years ago not changed the rules midstream. Needless to say, we did not have reservations and they missed out on feeding 8 hungry people. This place is on its demise I think and I further think that Starr needs to attend to the complaints that people who know food and service and ambiance are posting here and on other venues. I don't see that happening.CUTE.
Atmosphere: (A) Like walking into a fancy, retro diner.  Loved it!  Big stone stacked walls, shag carpets, cute as heck.
Food: (A) Comfort food with an extra kick of uniqueness.  I got the brie grilled cheese and my friend got the ALT (avocado, lettuce, tomatoes), mine was delicious and hers looked delicious :)  And I got the 1 Fish 2 Fish - its a blue concoction that tastes like hawaiian punch and comes with swedish fish!
Service: (A) Not sure how all the servers are but ours was just super awesome!  Friendly, attentive, felt like a friend was serving us.
Overall: (A) I loved it, good food, fun atmosphere, and great service gives this place a super thumbs up!GF and I stopped here for a bite for dinner. Waitress was friendly and informative and the food came out fast once we ordered. This is about all that made it 3 stars. 
I ordered the matzoh ball soup to start and it wasn't the best I've ever had. Very salty. For dinner I opted for the baked Mac and cheese appetizer for my entree and that also left much to be desired. It came out hot and bubbly but the taste just seemed.. Off. 
GF got the turkey club with avocado mayo. Nothing special - she said it pretty much tasted like a Turkey BLT and couldn't even taste the avocado.
Prices were fair for the city but we probably wouldn't be back for dinner - maybe it's just more of a breakfast/lunch place.Did a 12 person brunch for Father's Day and I thought they did a great job. Their family style menu was perfect for the large table. We ordered chicken & waffles, Huevos rancheros and quiche. We were given more than enough food and also had monkey bread to start the meal. 
I thought serving it family style made it much better for a large group than everybody ordering their own meal. I didn't order a drink, but their Bloody Mary/Maria menu had everything you would want in a drink.First time here...service, as always in a Starr restaurant was excellent...wife had the hamburger which was excellent...the roll was a bit pedestrian but good...French fries were very good...thin and cooked perfectly...I had a blt which was very tasty and came with a good salad...holding back on the 4th star till my next visitHad the chance to stop by for brunch the other day. Holy crap, it was crowded. Well, it was a late lunch on Saturday. I expected their typical menu, but be warned that even at 2 pm on Saturday, you'll order from the brunch menu.
We felt as though the kitchen and bar were a little disorganized--we ended up getting our food before our beers. The place was absolutely packed, and service wasn't too fast nor attentive. Our food was kind of cool when it came to the table, as though it had been sitting at the pass for a while before it came to our table.
But let's talk about the actual food! We ordered the chicken & waffles and the cheese "hold the beef" burger. Both were excellent. The chicken could have used a bit more spice, (I would seriously place KFC's mix of eleven secret herbs and spices above Jones') but the gravy was amazing. We ended up dipping ERRYTHANG in that gravy. The waffle was Belgian-style, chewy on the inside and nicely crispy on the outside. Despite being a bit cold at the table, the halloumi sandwich was amazing. I still have daydreams about that combo of brioche bun and smoky, grilled halloumi cheese. Don't skip out on this sandwich, vegetarian or not!
Hopefully, one day, I'll be back for their buf-faux-lo tofu wings, which I really wanted to try--I just wasn't aware that they didn't serve them during "brunch." I'm not even vegetarian, I just really like wings and thought these sounded interesting.
I'm torn on this one. The quality of the food at Jones is amazing. However, when they're busy, quality of service and organization really suffers. Let's call it at 3 stars.I love Jones for dinner, I have been there on multiple occasions and always had a great meal, great cocktails and great service. The food is very affordable, the cocktails can really add up though. It's definitely a one or two drinks with dinner type of place.
The restaurant's atmosphere is great, it's got a modern retro diner feel with a fire place in the middle, very cool looking exposed stone as walls and the mural behind the bar of the 50s women playing with red balloons is awesome. Pretty much everything fits the theme from the chairs to the lights. I also like that the waiters and waitresses wear jeans and tshirts, I know I love my job more because I can go to work in jeans and a tshirt. 
Now as for brunch - I had a gift card and my boyfriend and I wanted brunch, I love Jones so I figured yesterday would be the perfect opportunity to try the brunch, take my boyfriend there who has never been and get a free or very cheap meal. We walked in around 2:15 (brunch lasts til 3) and were sat promptly. The restaurant was busy so maybe coming towards the end allowed us an immediate seat because the restaurant cleared out around 3. 
I got the BMW pancakes which were buttermilk pancakes with carmelized bananas and walnuts and maple syrup. Wasn't a fan of the bananas, but the pancakes were delicious. They give you way too much though, do people complain about getting too much food? haha.  It's literally three plate size pancakes that could easily fill two people. Definitely a good dish to share. The coffee is strong, the orange juice is fresh and the bloody marys are made to order (I got the classic jones mary with ketel one and olives stuffed with blue cheese - they get more interesting though - you can get jumbo shrimp, old bay on the rim, and countless other things.) 
The only negative is that the waitress got my order wrong because apparently she misheard me so instead of BMW pancakes I originally got Potato pancakes. My dish had to get sent back while my boyfriends got a little cold sitting there because he was being polite.
But despite that, I definitely recommend it, I will definitely be returning.Jones restaurant offers fantastic food in a great casual atmosphere. Visiting Philadelphia this week on business and had to eat at Jones twice because the food was just that good! Can't go wrong with the Thanksgiving Day plate, Meatloaf, or the Mac & Cheese. Classic dishes made fresh. Request Benjamin if he is available. He does an excellent job at describing all the food and drinks.Good food, very busy during brunch, and the space gets super loud. Our server was great! The only thing that was weird to me was that we had a reservation made two weeks in advance for 15 people and instead of putting us in one of the large booth sections they separated our party into two tables next to one another while in the large booth area they had parties of 6...
Overall the experience was good, but I'm not in a rush to come back.I was in Philadelphia for the Love Run Philly this past weekend and since Jones seemed to have a diverse, runner-friendly menu, my friend and I decided to make this our pre-race dinner.  Overall, a nice experience!
We knew we'd be getting the man n cheese (helloooo carb loading!) and it did not disappoint!  Bubbly, cheesy, and hearty, this mac was on POINT!  My friend and I liked the build your own salad option and decided go that route.  The salads we 'built' were enormous and delicious--exactly what we were hoping for!  We didn't get any drinks but the cocktails looked wonderful as well.
The vibe is really cool, lots of neat decor and overall very upbeat.  I'm docking a star because Jones seemed to have lost the reservations I'd made via OpenTable more than a month ago--very strange since it was still showing 'booked' in my OpenTable app.  It turned out to be fine and the hostess found us a seat, but it seemed like it was a problem despite my showing them the reservation.  I'd probably go back to Jones next time I'm visiting Philly--I hear they have a great brunch!This place is amazing. The food is superb. I've been there a couple times and have been very impressed. The staff is nice and catered to all my needs. The Matzah Ball soup is out of this world!I have been on two trips to Philadelphia in the last month and came here for brunch on both occasions. I was happy both times.
I love the ambiance and decor of the place. Kind of retro mid-century modern. Servers wear different color Lacoste polo shirts. They are all very friendly and attentive.
The food is very good standard brunch fare. I love the omelets. They are served with tater tots as opposed to the standard hash browns one gets at a diner. Very nice twist and tasty too.
My first trip I went on a Saturday morning and it was quite pleasant. This last time, I went on Sunday shortly after noon and it was much more crowded but still no wait for a table.  I did find it to be a little on the loud side. Otherwise, it was fine.Jones brunch is one of the best in the city! Steven Starr really knows how to make a restaurant feel authentic, and Jones is right out of a 1960's retro sitcom without being cheesy. I went on a Saturday around 10am and sat right next to the fire place. It was cozy and the big brunch crowd hadn't rolled in yet so it still felt intimate. We decided we wanted to take our time and the waitress was extremely patient with us but always checked in to see if we needed anything. I started with the bottomless mimosas that had 3 different mixers - orange, white peach, and mango. I also got the monkey bread, which is a MUST! For our meals, we got the ALT and the jones biscuit sandwich. The ALT was fantastic and flavorful and the biscuit sandwich was huge and also very yummy, but I was so full from the monkey bread that I didn't get to enjoy it as much as I wanted to. I absolutely plan on heading back to Jones for brunch with all of my friends!Putting lipstick on a pig = Jones. It is a dressed up diner. 
The inside decor and atmosphere is swanky and fun but the food and menu were disappointing. 
Very few options to choose from in general. To make it even worse, there were very few vegetarian options. You may be asking why did we go here then but their menu option on yelp wasn't working so we went here on a whim/recommendation. #Regrets
Ordered the hummus and pita which was so so. Nothing to write home about. 
My friend got the ALT which was also eh and I got the Greek salad which was depressing to say the least. 
All in all, I think this diner needs more than just a face lift but an actual redesign of the menu concept.I visited the restaurant at 2:00 and was given a brunch menu because the dinner is not served until 5:00, which was a bit disappointing. That means no apps, no desserts, no nothing. I ended up ordering and paying $15 the chicken and waffles that tasted a lot like KFC. The black & white milkshake was nothing special either. However, the blue hawaiian milkshake was delicious, so it wasn't a total waste.  Maybe next time I'll try and go after 5:00 for a better experience.fun, i felt like i was in the brady bunch trip to minnesota - ok, the numerous beers probably helped.I actually love this place a lot! My friend and I stumbled across this place when we were in the city looking for an early dinner. This place is gorgeous!! The decor is modern and lively.
Reading reviews from here, we had the mac and cheese for the appetizer. It was delicious. Very warm and cheesy and came hot. Just the way I like it. For entree, my friend got the veggie burger and I got the friend chicken and waffles. Both were also very good! We were pretty full by then, but we decided we couldnt pass up on the dessert menu, which all sounded really good. but at the end we both decided on the apple pie and the banana pudding. Boy good thing we did. It was so good that we forgot we were full and just kept eating. Overall great place, pretty good service.I really like Jones, its good solid comfort food.  Its a nice ambience and really homey.  I particularly like the fried chicken and potato pancakes.  My one word of warning is this place attracts the most misbehaved kids you have ever seen, we were once sitting in the loft-like second level of booths and had a screaming child who demanded grilled cheese and her father said he would get it for her, even though its not on the weekend brunch menu. He was rude to our waitress after she politely told him that the cooking stations that would normally be used for grilled cheese were being used for another brunch dish, and the father demanded the manager come up.  He then told the manager that if he wanted lobster, the manager was going to go get him lobster.  Turns out, if you're rude to the manager at Jones, you don't get lobster.  Your obnoxious daughter just gets a waffle with fruit.  The best part is that "You Can't Always Get What You Want" was playing in the speakers.I came to Philly as a weekend trip with my boyfriend and found this establishment. The menu looked great to fit both of our dining needs. My boyfriend loves traditional american food while I'm a vegetarian with some expansive tastes. 
We went in as a walk in and it took a few minutes for anyone to actually notice us. Listen, I get it i'm from NYC and when it comes to tourists it is very obvious. The host told us, "You're lucky we got you in because otherwise it would have been a no go for the two of you." I thought that was a bit inappropriate but nonetheless we proceeded to get a seat. I saw many others open but because it "would have been a no go" I guess they assumed the seat right next to the window was alright. 
Three tables were sat after us and they were all served before us. Once again it was okay because we weren't in a rush. Our waitress seemed disinterested and uncomfortable serving us. My boyfriend got a burger with a side of fries which he said tasted just okay. Nothing special. I got an ALT which is their vegetarian twist on a BLT swapping out the bacon for avocado. Again, good but not special. I will say their fries are FANTASTIC. So crisp and delicious. 
We did not stay for dessert because we did not feel it was necessary. Overall this place could use some manners. Not a fan and probably won't return.Very tasty American food that is well presented with very good service.  I had the beef brisket dinner which was like really slow cooked pot roast that fell apart when I tried to pick it up with my fork.  We ordered the baked mac and cheese for the kids which they loved.  And my wife ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  For dessert we all shared a piece of the yummy bread pudding.  
Great place to take the family and it's reasonably priced.One of the best turkey burgers I have had in the city to date. The turkey bacon added that extra eliminate of salty smokey goodness while the turkey burger itself was pact of flavor and juicy. Of course I added a fried egg to it but honestly didn't need it. Still hands down, it was some good eatin.Went here for dinner w/ the fam earlier this month.  tuesday night dinner at 8:30p - found awesome street parking (meter, yuck) - but it was right outside the restaurant.  got seated right away, awesome. our service was great. now the food review: 
appetizer: mac & cheese - must do it!  there were 3 of us, and it was the perfect amount to share.  not too much where u fill up.  it was really delicious, bread crumb topping too.  perfect crunch.
mom had the fried chicken & was very happy with it.  sister had the pot roast meal - also really delicious.  i had to get the grilled cheese & tomato soup almost out of default.  i always wanna get that to compare w/ other restaurants to see who has the best.  definitely didnt care for their grilled cheese.  the tomato soup was pretty good though.  gave my leftovers to my little brother.  made me realize i should not go to comfort foods restaurants anymore and get back to eating healthy!I used to LOVE Jones but the food has been sub-par recently. Today, my pancakes were delicious bus my fiancé had a pretty mediocre omelette and we paid $5 for a "fruit bowl" containing a handful of grapes and banana slices topped with four raspberries. It was a dish appropriate for a preschooler. Not impressed but I love the decor so I'll probably give it another chance.This modern American take on comforting home-style food. The atmosphere is nice, the fireplaces flicker in winter and the food's always tasty. Their chicken and waffles are a favourite of mine and the pot pie is like a warm hug on a snowy day.Not bad! Had the monkey bread ($8.50), Fried Chicken and Waffles ($15) and mac and cheese ($8??). The monkey bread was excellent. Essentially it is like a cinnamon bun except not curled up with the hard crispy parts (except for the outside). I wouldn't mind just eating a couple of those as a meal. The interior was very soft and moist and very yummy. 
The chicken and waffles was okay. I would say that the Green Eggs Cafe has a better dish, although it will be slightly smaller. It had two large pieces of boned chicken but the dish just didn't taste that special to me. And the gravy was essentially thick chicken noodle soup which is not something I really seek out. 
Same with the mac and cheese. It was decent, but I wouldn't order it again. 
Service was good, wait to get a table was only 20 minutes for Sunday Brunch even though it was pretty packed and the food came out fast as well. 
I would check this place out again though because some of the other items on the menu sounded good. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4 Stars
Wait Time = 5 StarsWe had 2 wonderful meals at Jones last weekend! The food & atmosphere were wonderful! The retro/comfy decor is very relaxing & the servers couldn't have been nicer! We enjoyed chicken parm, a turkey dinner & our kids loved the chicken in the basket. Server Gabby was a delight & Manager Steven Pressman is top knotch!! We returned Easter Sunday for a delicious brunch, starting with an unbelievably delicious monkey bread & mac and cheese, in addition to breakfast burritos, chicken and waffles and a fresh fruit. It was a fabulous brunch made even better by servers Leni & Kasey. Thank you again to Manager Steven Pressman for helping us get a reservation for brunch & making it so special!!Very fun, best way to describe this retro 1960/70 through back is a diner. A Disneyfied experience down to the green shag carpet in the dining room. Friendly service, our only choice was the brunch menu Saturday  midday. Food was good, ample and homey. Nothing cutting edge, but the idea of a through back is not to take you forward. Quality fires and ingredients. Value is there. Share to maximize the dollar.Good dinner at this fun place with a great atmosphere. Server was friendly and food was good. Baked mac and cheese, grilled cheese and tomato soup,  and ALT sandwich (avocado, tomato, and lettuce) were yummy. Love that they had vegetarian options. Definitely recommend!Visiting our daughter for our birthday and she wanted to go here, we are not big brunch people, but are we glad we came, and thankfully had reservations. Once seated our server Alexandria was extremely polite, pleasant and welcoming. Everyone was courteous and literally served with a smile. The food was great and the quantities plentiful. Really worth it!!!This place was very interesting from the start. They take the theming very seriously; for example, I don't think I'd ever seen shag carpeting in a restaurant before I visited Jones! The staff was also very pleasant and made our experience great, and the lunch food is pretty good overall. It's worth a stop the next time you're in Philadelphia.Great apple pie, with side ice cream. Haven't tried the entrees yet but if it is anything dessert it will probably be really good too. We ordered our pie to go but the atmosphere seems contemporary and clean.When I'm visiting the bf in Philly this is our go-to brunch location. Unlike a lot of other places in the area, despite it always being fairly crowded, you almost never need a reservation or have to wait a long time. 
They have a cute little checklist for creating your own bloody marys and you HAVE to start off your meal with the monkeybread--so good!
Since I'm a creature of habit I almost always get the grilled halloumi cheese "burger" with tatertots.Jones consistently delivers... If Jones was strictly limited to their weekday menu - I would go with a solid 3 stars "a-ok!"  From their lunch menum I usually order the crunchy calamari salad or the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  My husband ALWAYS orders the chicken & waffles, and luckily that is found on both the weekday and weekend menus.  (I guess, some kids have all of the luck!)
My favorite Jones items are only found on the brunch / weekend menu.  I love the smoked whitefish bagel platter. A nice helping of whitefish, huge olives, and lots of onions and tomatoes.  I usually end up not even touching the bagels, b/c the fixins totally fill me up!  And of course, the reason why I'm sure most of the patrons are at Jones on a Saturday/Sunday morning - THE MONKEY BREAD ... so delish, it needs no explaining / introduction.  If you have a sweet tooth, just go and order it, I promise you will have 0 regrets.Honestly, the best brunch experience I've had in Philadelphia ever. 
The bottom mimosas were absolutely delicious, the food was not only fresh but came fast althought it was pretty crowded. The service of course was excellent. I am making it a point to brunch here whenever I am home in Philadelphia on Sunday, as much as possible.Jones was very nice for dinner. That's about all I can say, though. It had good food with good cocktails and the ambiance was fantastic. I'm a big fan of the ski-lodge reminiscent decor. 
However, the food was nothing special, though definitely on the pricey side of things. I feel like Jones does comfort food extremely well, but there are cheaper places to eat with similar dishes of similar quality. You are definitely paying a premium for decor and location. That fact is fine with me, but it means that I'm more likely to go somewhere with more interesting food if I want to spend $35 on dinner.The food can definitely be a little overpriced for diner quality, but it's an amazing, hip, young place to hang out with friends or co-workers. I personally have gone there twice for lunch, but I hear it's way better at night. 
Like I said at first the only thing bad about Jones is the prices. My two friend ordered the lobster roll for $16 to share, and it was a basket of chips and a sandwich smaller than a hot dog roll... We had some fun messing with them after that but it still wasn't exactly funny.I absolutely love this place.  It's one of the many places I miss by not living in Philadelphia any longer.  The only downside to the place is that they don't take reservations, meaning long waits at times.  Actually, one other downside is that (during these wait times) the bar area is really crowded.   
Now that all that negativity is out of the way...the interior here is great, very inviting.  I always compare it to a hipped-up Brady Bunch home.  A fireplace, carpeting...nightlights at the tables with vintage travel scenes.  The menu fits perfectly with the homey interior - homespun classics such as meatloaf & pot roast sit next to more inventive pasta and seafood dishes.  Definitely something to eat here for everyone.  They have great drinks & good service as well.
I probably ate here for brunch more than I did for dinner - again, get here early or be prepared to wait.  The monkey bread to start...amazing.  Make sure you have 3-4 people to help you eat this or you'll either a) not finish it or b) not have enough room for brunch.  Classic brunch fare but done very very well.  
Weather permitting they have a good amount of outdoor tables which is a plus as well.  Oh, and I almost forgot, they are open late!  Whenever I was out in the area I always made my last stop Jones.  You can have one last drink and enjoy a grilled cheese and tomato soup instead of scarfing-down a Lorenzo slice (although there's nothing really wrong with that option either).  
Great food, great service, great vibe/atmosphere, outdoor seating, affordable prices...how can you go wrong?I really don't know how people could hate on this place.  I don't get it.  I have been coming here for years and out of all the Starr restaruants this one is my favorite.  You can eat healthy, you can eat comfort food.  It pretty much has everything.  I have had everything on the menu and the only think I really don't like is the chicken and waffles.  Brunch is good, the drinks are good and all the fried food is good, and the tuna tacos beats any fish taco in the city...french fries need some work but overall the place is good and takeout menu is perfect for the way home from work. The only reason I don't give it a five star is they don't take reservations and sometimes I go out with 6 or more people.
I think as a whole Philadlephians are spoiled with food... we have SOOO MANY good places to eat we become picky.  I have lived in other cities and traveled a bit in other country's.  People.... we have it good here.  One reveiw "the burgers are more flavorful at Burker King" Go to BK then for the $1 menu.One of the best brunch places in Philadelphia. If you go you absolutely must get the monkey bread, which is this warm, sugary, dough. Absolutely addicting.  They have a good mix of sweet and savory brunch food, though I think the sweets there are the best. The BMW (banana, maple, walnut) pancakes were great. They also give you quite a bit of freedom in customizing your meal including a generous selection of fillings for making your own omelette.Meh. The atmosphere is nice. And the food was okay (not bad, but not fantastic for a $20 chicken pot pie). But we waited 45 minutes outside because of how crowded the waiting area was. There were 6 of us and when we were finally seated we were brought to a 4 person booth. Very cramped. And part of the booth was broken. I couldn't even finish my meal because I had no space to cut anything. I gave up. It was an okay experience, but I'd never bring a party of more than 4 people. Ideally two.I'm usually against Starr restaurants but I heard about the bottomless that Jones offers and figured I'd check it out. 
We came in around noon on a saturday and sat at the bar because who doesn't like getting drunk and chatting with bartenders? If you want a table be prepared to wait. 
I opted out of bottomless because I didn't want to be too intoxicated and went with a Bloody Mary instead. LOVE that you can choose what kind of mix, alcohol, and all the garnishes you want. I basically got everything which was like a second meal. My friends ordered the bottomless bellini which is a great deal. It was ~$25, they actually give you the bottles so you can pour at your own pace. They also have three different flavors of puree so you can make the bellini to your liking. My friends wanted to "get their moneys worth" so they killed 5 bottles. lollll. The bottomless is over at 3pm FYI. 
I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese. Both were awesome. The bread of the grilled cheese was amazzeeeee. Service was quick and our bartender was super cool. 
I'd definitely come back for brunch!!This restaurant was amazing! After reading the yelp reviews, my boyfriend and I decided to eat at Jones. The reviews were 100% accurate. The food was delicious, and the vibe of the restaurant was very fun. I would recommend ordering the mac n cheese....so creamy and cheesy!Hmmm many things I could say about this joint... My friends and I were looking for a new spot in the city to try for brunch, so we decided on Jones due to its down-home menu and Stephen Starr-studded proprietorship. We walked in and were immediately taken by the restaurant's 50s style decor, despite the fact that an absent-minded mother allowed her children to aimlessly weave in, out and into me and my group of friends (not the fault of Jones but perhaps the first sign of danger within the restaurant). We were seated on the upper deck of the restaurant, which seemed to me like a cozy and private elevated area (loved the shag carpet), but later proved to be the land of forgotten patrons. Our waitress took the drink order promptly, and I was quite impressed with the customizable Bloody Mary menu. Anxiously awaiting the arrival of said beverages, my friends and I waited and waited on an order of drinks, which seemed par for the course in regards to the rest of the meal. Our waitress, though kind, was complicit in the slow service on which Jones appears to operate. I'm all for a leisurely brunch, but let's pick up the pace. As for the food, it was simply eh, which is incredibly disappointing when the banana maple walnut pancakes are advertised as though you'll never taste anything better. I would love to try Jones again for another meal, in part because I'm enthralled with the fact that it looks like a set of Mad Men, but I think I'd rather stick with diner food, which is a no doubt safer (and cheaper) bet. Oh and their coffee is FOUR dollars. Even Starbucks ain't that pretentious.How can you beat fried chicken and waffles?  Really.  Food is great, pierogies, mac/cheese. even the tuna tacos.  Drinks are pretty good but really expensive in comparision to the food prices, weird.  Service is usually decent and you are all correct, Bradyesque indeed.A large space in a popular Philly area. The brunch menu doesn't have many options but seems to attract a big crowd for the bottomless booze, so they tend to get busy. Service was decent, food average, and nice atmosphere. Basic brunch place that is family friendly as well!One of those places that I had a really good time at, and would totally recommend , but the more I think about it, the fewer stars I give it . The lunchtime food was solid - burger , turkey club, Mac & cheese, breakfast burrito. Sweet cocktail menu & good beer selection . Some of the food was all really good (burger , Mac & cheese) and the rest, in retrospect , was kinda average .  The service was super accommodating -- they managed to seat our party of 9 without reservations on a unusually crowed Saturday . The wait staff was friendly & down to earth , but haphazard . Multiple requests for the same drink etc . Great atmosphere and a pretty comfortable place to spend the afternoonOur four day get away trip just ended with bang! On a tip from a local we chose Jones for our last meal in Philadelphia. Not only was the food terrific the staff made us feel so welcome. Can't remember when I could say that. The down side is we didn't eat there earlier in the trip so we could have enjoyed more meals there. Fried chicken is awesome!!! the house made daily Pot pie was de-lish as well.I went there for dinner, it was amazing, best restaurant I have gone to in my life, Food was amazing, service excellent. I would defiantly recommend coming here for lunch and dinner.I've only been here for brunch. Food gets three stars, but overall experience gets four. Here's why:
1) "Food your grandmother served in the '70s" is not really a genre I'm into, but these people kind of make the best of it. Being vegetarian should preclude me from eating much of the aforementioned genre, but Jones has their "ALT" - avocado, lettuce, and tomato. I find it tasty. I also like the monkey bread a lot, despite not being much of a sweet breakfast person. The bloody marys are too expensive, but okay.
2) Atmosphere is just ... unique. The order pad for the aforementioned bloody marys is one reason. The creepy bathroom stalls are another. On the "delightful" side for this place is the giant photo of the ladies in swimsuits with red balloons and ... shag carpeting. (I asked about how this texture works with the inevitable server spills. It's professionally cleaned once a month and replaced with frequency.)
Worth going once or twice, and covers a few "strange craving" bases. For example, "OMG, I want tater tots, but the oven's being used for storage."Went with a friend for a drink and sat at the bar. They had a pretty good list of drinks, but I went for my regular Kettle 1 and Soda cocktail. I wasn't in the mood to eat a whole meal, but I ordered the Potato Pancakes. Simple, but delicious! They were nice and crunchy on the outside and nice and mushy on the inside. They're served with apple sauce and sour cream - on the side. Very tasty. I only gave it an A-OK because I didn't try a whole meal. I really enjoyed the atmosphere - thought it was pretty chill. I will be going back again. Next time for the Mac&Cheese!Food was out of this world! Def lived up to the hype. Great atmosphere! We went with a group of 6 and got a last minute reservation. We split two appetizers--the fried zucchini was awesome. For dinner we all got a mix of entrees and every one was better than the next! Comfortable seating and noise level to have conversation. Will def be back!My friend is a whore for big name restaurants, so when she suggested dinner in the Wash square area the names that came up were Chifa, El Vez, and Raw. As a grad student who doesn't buy into food hype, I had to veto all of those options.  We settled on Jones, which turned out to be pretty decent.
For a little more money than Cracker Barrel, Jones offers homestyle favorites with an upscale flair. We had the chicken and waffles. steak frites, and build your own salad.  
The salad was a complete gimmick. It seemed kind of outrageous that a salad tailored to my exact specifications (i.e. one that I would make at home for $2) cost $14, more than many of the entrees.  At least it was tasty and well proportioned.
The fried chicken was excellent, probably the best fried chicken I've had in Philly, but the waffles were soaked in gravy and ended up more flaccid than a Jonas brother. 
As for the steak frites, the opposite held true, as the fries were excellent but the steak (a cut which resembled a large dog turd) was overdone.  The herb-butter pats and minced onion on top saved the dish.
Finally, like almost all Steven Starr joints, the drink menu, decor, and service were excellent. Perfect for a summery Saturday night.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Food: 3
Price: 3
Decor: 4 (shag carpet!)
Service: 2
Wild card: The cocktail menu had some really refreshing stuff that I will happily poach for my next bocce ball party.I loved their vegetarian burger! It was so yummy. They also have unique sodas.First thing- Dessert was the best, drink was incredible, appetizer was so yummy, entree was ehhhh.
I will start with the best and work my way down.  The dessert we ordered was not on the menu.  My boyfriend asked the waiter for his recommendation and he said the pastry chef is actually whipping up a new concoction that he personally loves but you have to like fruity things to be a fan.  He described a citrus and rum infused pound cake creation with ice cream and caramel and peaches.  I love pound cake so I was immediately a fan.  He brought out an amazing toasted pound cake which alone was so delicious but then throw in the ice cream, caramel drizzle, and warm sliced peaches and it was just heavenly!  The best part of the dinner for sure.
The second best was my one martini.  The first one I ordered was the Jim Bean Peachy Keen and it was a little too whiskified for my liking.  The second drink I selected was the Pear Martini which I forget the full name of but it was AMAZING! However if you do not like cinnamon then this drink is not for you.  The pear taste was balanced so perfectly with the cinnamon and it was just wow! 
Next up is the appetizer, we picked the deviled eggs based on a yelp review and it was a great choice!  They were delicious and hit the spot.  Nothing crazy about them...just right.
Finally, the main course.  I picked the Pistachio crusted Til,apia and it just did not tickle my fancy.  The crust was really good but the sauce they use is a little too bitter.  I think a creamy sauce would have been a better fit.  I only ate a few bites and got the rest to go.   The meal is paired with rice and spinach which were ok but again nothing crazy exciting to shout down the streets about.
Recommendation is I would say go, go, go, and I would even definitely come back again  to try something else.  My boyfriend had the Chicken and Waffles and while I do not eat chicken I did try the waffle with gravy and it was so freaking good.  So next time a new entree selection for me.Looked like a Mad Men set--cheap 50s upholstery, but I guess that's what people are looking for now.  Food was good.  They call it comfort food--I call it good diner food.  A little overpriced, but worth it.  Sort of like a 50s upscale diner.  Not sure that's what they were looking to portray, but that's what I got out of it.  Had fried chicken basket, chicken pot pie (excellent!) and meatloaf (great peas!).  Overall, go for the food but the decor didn't do it for me.I would actually give it a 4.5. It was great. We had a reservation for 11:15, got seated immediately which was great. We were waiting for the rest of our party for a bit but our waiter J was EVERYTHING!!! He was very honest with us when it came to us asking questions about the menu, he was on top of the refills and he was just awesome. Will definitely come back!I had picky eaters visiting me in philly and I had a tough time choosing a place and then thought of Jones because it has something for everyone. Who doesn't love comfort food? We had an excellent meal and the service could not have been better. Our server was Khalil and he was great about checking in, making sure all was good. Our dessert drink took much longer than normal and without a complaint from us, he apologized and graciously took it off the bill. It's those little gestures that keep customers coming back. Everyone loved their meals and we left stuffed and happy.If you are looking for many, many choices of solid comfort food, this is the place for you! Had dinner with 5 friends here after an event at Atwater Kent last night and we were seated with no problem, which can be rare for a large party on a Thursday night. It wasn't empty, either! The ambience is cozy and as I once read, "Like the Brady Bunch living room." Complete with wood paneling and shag carpeting, the atmosphere may be a tad kitschy, but the food pleases many palates. We all shared the latkes (so good!) and others at the table had chicken and waffles, the meatloaf, fried chicken and the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo. I needed some greens and Jones offers you the option to customize your own salad for $14. Be forewarned, if you want protein like seared tuna, there is an upcharge! The drinks are creative, the food is atypical and the ambience is cool. Great place for out-of-towners not looking to spend too much, but still have a fun experience!The ambiance of this restaurant is unbeatable.  It's upscale but extremely comfortable and inviting. Food was reasonably priced and had a wide range of options. A few members of my party enjoyed the build your own salad for $14, and said it was worth it because of the portion size and customization ability. The bar is small and doesn't fit with the theme but still looks nice nonetheless.
Make sure you get reservations for this place-it seems to be very popular with both locals and tourists. My group was large and we made a reservation for 8 pm and were not seated until about 8:30. That is the only negative, because no one likes waiting, especially when this restaurant has no lobby or waiting area.I LOVE this place, especially for their boozy brunch! 
They have bottomless mimosas for $23 (what a steal), with which they provide a selection of fresh pressed juices (mango, orange, peach, pear, etc) so that you can make your own drink at the table.  
The food is good! And they have a wide variety of options such as sandwiches, burgers, omelettes, bagels, cereal.  Food is inexpensive, but was surprised to see a bagel with lox was priced similarly to the other food ($11-$12).  
Great place and will keep coming back.  The service is great and super attentive.  Plus, they don't push you out when you finish your meal and you want to keep drinking the mimosas/bellinis.  
I suggest you make a reservation, or you might be killing time in the Las Vegas Lounge (think dark, old man dive bar) next door until your name is called.Jone's menu alone made me happy :) What do you expect from a place that emphasizes on the comfort foods?
I SO badly want to give them at least 4 stars. But the noise level in this place was just way off the charts. Definitely go on a off night, or before the dinner rush.
Appetizer
-Crab & Spinach Dip (w/ crispy pita chips): Wasn't really feelin' this dish. I almost always order a spinach or artichoke dip when I see it on a menu. But this one let me down. Maybe it was just too crabby... which is weird because I'm a Marylander.
Entree
-Pot Roast (w/ roasted veggies & mashed potatoes): First of all, let me just say... those mashed potatoes were to die for. I believe they're homemade too. As for my pot roast, it was very tasty, just could of been a tad more tender. I feel like a good pot roast will pull apart with your fork and just melt in your mouth.
-I was also really tempted by the Meatloaf and Thanksgiving Dinner when I saw others around me eating it.
Dessert
-Apple Pie served warm with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce. Enough said.
Overall, I was quite satisfied with the food. But some things could of been tweaked a little. I'm ready for the Mac & Cheese on my next, hopefully quieter, trip!From away and randomly chose this restaurant without any prior knowledge.  This place was amazing.  Had the pulled pork sandwich and it was the best one of my life.  My dining companion had their grilled chicken sandwich and she also said it was the best she's ever had.  The service was very good, the place was very clean and the prices were very reasonable.  Already planning our next trip back!Got there early 5pm for dinner was not crowded at meaning there were only three other groups in the restaurant. Took 15 minutes to get our drinks another 15 to order our food. 45 minutes later our food finally arrived. Average at best. Won't be coming back to jones anytime soon if ever. Nothing special about the food. Menu hasn't changed over the year.This place is extremely overrated. The food is average- nothing special. But then you're paying more for simple homemade American food. I just can't justify the spend on something so average. Why spend $8 on mac and cheese when I can make a pretty awesome mac and cheese at home for $3?This place was highly recommended by our hotel - I think he was sending everyone here, but like most of Philly, it was overpriced, and the food was OKAY - not that great.  I don't know... I think we would have fared better heading to the Reading terminal and eating a la carte for cheaper.  Anyway, it's okay.First time here was last night. I like the 70's / 80's home-style vibe. The staff was really nice. The drinks were a bit pricy ($7.50 for a Dogfish Head bottle).
We were seated on the 2nd floor which is sort of like a glorified balcony with 6 or 7 tables. This turned out to be ideal because the noise level was much quieter.
I had the meatloaf w/ mashed potatoes and peas. My girlfriend had the fried chicken and waffles. Both were really good. Of course, when compared to the meatloaf at the South Philly Taproom, this place doesn't come close. 
We'll be returning again.I stopped by here tonight for a drink with a friend, and although there were people at tables with entrees they had clearly just been served and almost every bar stool was filled, we were told they were closed. Not even, "hi, we're closed", just "we're closed". Very disappointing.For an American style restaurant, Steven Starr has done excellent work. The place is elegant and brings American diner vibe. Start to finish the plates were beautiful and the food was succulent. 
What I chowed down on:
-Zucchini Chips (ranch+marinara dipping sauce)
-Meat Loaf plater (mashed+fresh peas)
-Dessert: Banana Tart 
Service was on fleek aside from the end of our time at Jones. The waitress asked "all separate checks?" She obviously should have noted that we were a family and 1 person was paying. I understand that they check just in case, but get a hint.Just wanted to add--someone from the restaurant sent me a message saying he wanted to speak to me about my experience. Great! I'm always happy to see business owners/managers who use Yelp to speak with customers and improve the experience, rather than just claim that it's bringing down their business.
Anyway, he gave a time that he would call, which wasn't convenient for me, but I finagled a way at work to be available for the call at that time. The call never came. It was very disappointing. I would have given the restaurant another chance if he had followed through.Brunch- you can find better ones in the city that serves better brunch than this one. 
Dinner-it was ok. but not memorable...
TRY:
turkey burger
SERVICE:
Ok.
AMBIANCE:
the best part of the restaurant. cute decor & cozy fire placeIncredible food.  Lively atmosphere.  Get reservations -- even on a Saturday for lunch.  Truly the place to be.  And, if you're into day drinking, get the bottomless Bellini with your brunch.  We didn't, but it sure did look like fun!Another Starr creation, Jones does a good job recreating the shag carpet-y, tater-tots and meatloaf nostalgia of a comfort food diner, but with a hip edge. The offerings here are straight throwbacks and Starr does a wonderful job w/ both the menu & the decor. I love the drinks menu, with its gummy worm inspired drinks appealing to the tackiest moments of our youth...a great place to kick back with friends.
Wish Stephen Starr would expand to DC or Boston!!Jones gets 3.5 stars for now. Came in for a lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. It was pretty busy and we waited for about 10 minutes before being seated. 
My dining companion and I both ordered the market salad. For $14 you can choose any ingredient you like from the list they put on your table. It was a big salad, but I thought it could've had a better lettuce and other ingredients ratio. For instance, broccoli was one of the ingredients I ordered, and there were just about 3 tiny pieces of it in my salad. 
There are other interesting things on the menu, so I'd be happy to try it out again. 
Staff was just OK, not particularly friendly or welcoming. It's actually normal where I come from (Amsterdam), but for here it's very mediocre. 
Decor is great by the way!