The best soon-dubu in the city!  This place is tucked away and once you walk in, it's like you've stepped into a Korean home.  Very welcoming, warm and inviting.
It's very vegetarian friendly!  The soft tofu is stewed and put into the dol sot pots which each and every stew feels like it's custom made for you. 
You can select from beef, seafood or mixed meats (seafood & beef), mushroom, and just plain.  They can adjust the spice as needed too.  I always get the extra hot with the hot temperature, can't beat it.  The rice also comes in a dol-sot which is great if you leave it in for a while, it burns the rice into a nice crispy shell.  DROOL.
Just thinking about this place makes my mouth salivate!  
If you're not into tofu, they also offer korean bbq meats (cooked in the back), with other soup/stew items.
Love this place!!!The best ten dollar lunch in America, hands down. Banchan city, crack that egg into your volcano like five pepper pork soft tofu and go crazy. The parking lot scares me, but the place is the best. Go there. Staff not so much miserable as maybe not fluent? I dunno, I always figure it's because I'm a round eye.We drive out of town to Philadelphia just to eat here. We have been here many times over the past 5 years. I can only say that the tofu soup (and everything else)  here always tastes so good. They always get the spiciness right, and we have never had a complaint here! This is a must-try in Philadelphia if you're a fan of Korean food.For what it is I think it's fantastic. The menu is very limited.
The service: 4/5
The service was fair but I wouldn't necessarily say it was incredible. I didn't experience anything special with their service but most importantly I didn't have any complains.
The food: 3/5
Due to the size of the menu, your selections are very limited. I wasn't a fan of any of the apps except for the korean pancake. The kimchi and side dishes I thought were pretty fair. The soft tofu there I thought was pretty good especially for $10. But on top of that the level of spiciness you can request is awesome! The protein in the soft tofu I think are lacking and it's very subtle. You'd forget what you had ordered because their would be only one or two pieces. 
The atmosphere: 5/5 
The interior design of the restaurant is fantastic. It gave a more authentic korean dining experience. 
The tofu house is a cute establishment and a great quiet spot to take a date or a small group of friends out to. I have gone back multiple times and enjoyed myself each time.Good food!!! Parking lot!!! Ok service. Limited English staff so it's a point and nod kinda place.My favorite place to get soft tofu and the seafood pancake! My dad doesn't like tofu so he gets the barbecue beef which he claims to be delicious! 
My family and friends all like coming here for gatherings. The decor reminds me of an Ancient Korean drama with its wooden benches, calligraphy and masks hanging on the walls. The waiters and waitresses are dressed in korean outfits too. It's pretty cute! My parents also like that they are able to communicate with some of the waitresses who also speak chinese.I love this place!  The side dishes come out fast, and they are very fresh.  The service is good too.  For the amount of food you get, you can't beat the price.  $10 for the most yummy tofu stew.This place has become one of my favorites! I am always here with friends and its so close to a few of our houses so its perfect. I've even brought the family over to try it and they enjoyed it very much. I've tried many things on their menu and most are very good but my go-to-favorite is my Kimchi Beef, medium spicy. So delicious and worth the money. A must try for anyone looking to try something new whether you like it spicy or not, since you tell them how you want it. I rarely give five stars but this place deserves it - wonderful staff as well, always polite and a pleasure to be back.If you like soon do bu (soft tofu soup with meat), I highly recommend this place. I couldn't give it 5 stars because there was not enough meat. I got the seafood tofu and there was like 2 shrimps and 2 clams in the entire soup. Soon do bu was only $10 for any kind (maybe that's why there wasn't much meat?). Broth is delicious. I recommend cracking the raw egg and mixing it  into the broth. 
I also got the galbi, it was really flavorful!Came on a Tuesday evening with some friends. Place was pretty empty. As always, we ordered the soon dubu which is a must if you come here. The tofu is so silky and soft. We ordered the seafood soon dubu. There was barely any seafood (two shrimps, two oysters, two mussels). We also ordered the jap chae, the kalbi, Beef dolsot, and the seafood pancake. I would return for the soon dubu, everything else was okay.Soon doo boo is really good but don't order anything else..
their portions are super small, and pricey~
p.s. alright yelp...time to filter this one too right?I can't believe I haven't wrote a review yet. I've been going here faithfully for over 6 years. The soft tofu has never let me down! I get it spicy and crack in the egg while boiling. I love spooning off the burnt rice from the hot rice bowl. Waitresses are always very polite and replace side dishes if you eat them (love the spicy cucumbers, radish and soy beans) I will always continue to come hereThis is a place for tofu soup. If you haven't tried it, this is the place to start. It equals the best in NYC (I have not been to Korea...) Sizzling hot and delicious. If you like soup, do not miss this place.
For under $10 a bowl, served with piping hot rice and pan chan (small side dishes the Koreans serve with most meals) it is an amazing value. My wife and I order two bowls and take home half of one most times. For $25 including tip you can have a dinner unrivaled anywhere. Plus this place is BYOB with no corkage fee.
The atmosphere here is quite sophisticated. The restaurant is decorated with primitive Korean farm implements -- most look like they belong in a museum. It is quite beautiful, yet very relaxed. What else at these prices.
They have Korean BBQ too, but I have not found these dishes up to the other places in the Korean section of North Philadelphia (see Seo Ra Bol)Finding this gem was seriously fate. Moving away from a place where all kinds of Asian food, including Korean food, were so easily accessible, I never expected to be 10 minutes away from such a heart warming meal! Hot steamy tofu soup...I love you so much! 
The soup itself is very flavorful; one of my friends from home even thought it was better than what we could find in California! Per usual, the assortment of banchan was equally gratifying. Spicy kimchi, pickled cucumbers, bean sprout salad, pickled daikon, seaweed salad, oh my! I love it all. I've also tried their Japchae on two occasions. While I'd still order it again, its slightly too oily for my taste but I'll take what I can get in the Philly suburbs!
I do wish their parking lot was bigger or maybe better structured but that won't stop me from coming back. I will visit this place time and time again because it helps transport me back home and who doesn't like a hot bowl of soup for those cold winter nights? :)Delicious!!!
Although kind of a long distance away from the city, it was well worth it. Located near all the korean businesses is this tofu house. Outside is not that appealing, but indoors looks very korean styled and old fashion. The staff was very attentive and we got our food fairly quick. Since it is known as a tofu house, I of course got the tofu dish. I got the seafood one which had shrimp and a good spice. The side dishes were pretty yummy, it was great with the tofu dish. I probably would come back here for more tofu dishes, although far... 15 minutes or so is paris baguette and h-mart. Highly recommended!Their tofu soup is the best.  They matched Tofu House in California, if not better.  The soup is very tasty and has the right flavoring.  However, their BBQ beef is not so good, a little too sweet.Everything about Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu rulez. Seriously.
Getting a bowl of pipping hot soft tofu, chalk full of at least 5 different types of mushrooms, and colored a bright, crimson red (...you know for 5 stars) is a real mouth opener, eye opener, smile inducer. 
You'll be so happy after eating here that you'll probably want to move to Korea...so much so that it wouldn't matter which one.This restaurant is my korean favorite one. 
I usually order the beef BBQ and the soft tofu soup.I guess I should write a review after coming here like half dozen times. Soondoobu is real good here. I mean that's their specialty. I even had it in LA and it is comparable if not a little better.  All the other dishes though, they all pretty much suck, although my dad always gets this platter with various vegetables that you put some sauce in...i dont know. If you like tofu, or spicy things, you should def give this place a try. The other reviews here are pretty informative, just adding my 2 cents.Soft tofu jigae. Awesomeness and with great rice.very authenticthe seafood soft tofu bowl was really tasty although I wish it had more seafood...i would skip the bbq chicken though at it was pretty plain tasting.....would be great on a cold rainy dayI never was into Korean soft tofu much until I frequented this place. Inexpensive, simple 4 or 5 main  selections, levels of spiciness. Simply perfect.Best Korean eats in Philly.  Period.  
Good(s):
Awesome soondubu.  Perfectly seasoned. Plus you get hot stone rice.
Hot Stone Bibimbap w/ mountain sprouts/greens - unlike what you can get anywhere else.  
Bang for the buck - 5/5 stars for great value
Bad(s):
The drive to get there
Every trip to Elkins Park H-Mart will be accompanied with a stop for soondubu here.You wouldn't know it from driving by, but this truly is as good as it gets.  It's the perfect setting to eat the most delicious Korean food you'll ever have.  Shortly after you're seated, you'll be brought hot tea or barley water (depending on the weather) and shortly after that they'll bring out several small dishes full of delicious things to munch on while you wait for the food you ordered.  I would recommend getting the soft tofu soup, which comes out boiling in a cauldron.  It also comes with a cauldron of white rice.  The best part is eating the rice that gets crispy along the sides of the dish that it comes out in.  The soup is so good that as soon as I'm not stuffed after eating it, I want more. You may not think that you like Korean soft tofu soup, or even soft tofu for that matter - but you haven't tried it at Jong Ka Jib!Everything good they say about this place is true, so saying anything else about it would be redundant.  Other than to say that their mul and bibim naeng myeon are the best I've ever had.
Also, you don't *need* a car to get there.  From Center City you can take the 47 bus and walk about 5 blocks, or the Broad Street Line to Fern Rock then take the 70 bus, which drops you right at the corner across from the restaurant.  Also, the Melrose Park regional rail line is close by.One of my favorite Korean restaurants in the area.  I have a friend that has to go once a week to get his Soondubu (soft tofu soup) fix on.
The place is famous for its soon dubu, and soon dubu is one of my favorite Korean dishes that does not involve meat. They give you alot of choices for what to put in the stew, I almost always get everything which is: Tofu, Beef, Shrimp, Clam, Oyster.  The stew is very very hot when it comes out and you have to put the raw egg in when it first comes out. The taste is indescribable because it is good.   They give you a choice of how spicy you want it, I always get the very spicy.  The side dishes (ban chan) is always good and they give you alot.  Also if you want a appetizer I would recommend the BBQ squid which is marinated in gochujang (korean chili paste) it gives it a sweet and spicy kick and also the hae mool pajun (seafood korean pancake).  I also love at the end how you can put the tea into your rice bowl and get a the crispy rice since the rice is served in a hot clay pot.  
Just writing this review has made me hungry and wanting me to go back to eat their soon dubu.  I would recommend this place to anyone.my favorite tofu place, gosh the hot spicy soon dubu is to die for! they have private parking, so it is great and generous with their serving of side dishes. I have brought guests here and they all love this place! Great pricing with heavenly food!best soft tofu in town. hands down. no competition. totally worth the drive from center city, every time.... if you're into that kind of thing that is.Probably the best soondubu I've had in Philly and that's saying something, considering that there doesn't seem to be many good Korean places around my hometown unlike the DC Metro or Bay Area. Tofu comes to you in a stone pot and as for the quality, it is definitely probably the best I've had in Philly. Tofu is soft, soup is adequately flavored, and temperature of the soup is sufficient for all intents and purposes. The LA Galbi meat was also something that was ordered and I will say that the meat here is pretty good. Marinated well, not undercooked or overcooked, and pretty tasty. As there is a dearth of Korean places around Philly, prices here tend to be higher than what is normally expected so do keep that in mind were you to come here. Still, I would say it's worth a try at least.I go to this place every few months. Now, I've had soondubu (spicy tofu soup) in places in NJ/NY/LA, and Seoul, SK...and this place is on par with Seoul. Nuff said! While the price has gone up since I started going to this place 6 years ago ($6-$10), it's still affordable compared to other places in Philly, NYC, NJ. You get all the bancheon you like, the soup, rice in a stone bowl, and egg, and good service. The decor is also very pleasant. Don't waste your time going to other places for soondubu. This place has the others beaten by a long shot.i visit this tasty, 9 dollar soon doob spot every time i go home.  no, seriously. every.  time.  
best soon doob ive ever had (with the exception of my momma's, of course)!  and quick too!  they come in a variety of flavors (kimchi, beef, mushroom, etc) as well as varying degrees of spiciness.  the meal comes with great panchan, a raw egg (to be added into your soon doob mid-boil), and a stone pot of rice which is later turned into noo-rung-ji with warm boh-ree-cha (barley tea).
the waiters/waitresses are so cute in the traditional korean garb and pretty much leave you to your delicious tofu unless you need something, then you can either flag them down or push the button on the side of the table.  ive eaten and sat there talking with my fellow soon doob loving friend for hours before, and they dont mind.
ALSO: you can call in your order ahead of time, so that it's nice and piping hot right when you get there to eat.I have to agree this cute place earns it's top rating.
Even though the Soon Du Bu was really good, the thing we couldn't stop eating and nearly licked the plate over was a spicy chicken veggie stir fry called Dak Kal Bi.  Holy frijoles batman, what a delicious fiery exotic blend of complex layered flavors with a bit of sweetness - my mouth is watering just thinking about it!  
When they brought us each a giant stone bowl of rice I thought, "yea like I will eat this huge bowl of rice" - well guess what, I did and wished I had more, the way the rice gets crispy in the bowl is sooo good.
Some side dishes were yummy; most notably the marinated tofu & peppers, spicy zucchini and some kind of smoky bean sprouts, others less so.  
We had a sort of embarrassing oops.  We had ordered the mushroom Soon Du Bu and I whined until hubby rolled his eyes and agreed to order it with a spiciness of only "3" (there have been waaaay too many times we ordered things in Asian restaurants "very spicy" that ended up being inedible to me, I mean, I like spicy but not "oh my gawd my mouth is on fire, my tongue is numb, my eyeballs are blood red" spicy like him!).  
But when we got the dish I reluctantly agreed we should have gotten it spicier.   Somehow they picked up our body language and asked what was wrong - we told them we wished we had gotten it hotter.  Thirty seconds later a woman came bustling over and indicated she could make it hotter for us and we happily nodded yes.  We waited and waited for it to come back, wondering what was taking so long - surely they just had to throw a few more spices in?  The dish came back no spicier but it was scalding hot - all I can imagine is some overworked chef in the back being asked to heat up even hotter a dish that had already been served to us literally still boiling - eep!
When the bill came - $23 for a groaning table full of tea and food - we almost felt guilty - so much goodness for so little money.five stars for their soon doo boo.  soon doo boo is a spicy silken tofu stew served in a mini stone pot.  the soup is meant to be eaten spicy so it will taste bland if you order it mild.  for me, their soon doo boo stands out because of the broth.  it is full of complex flavors other than red chili peppers.  
i loved that the rice was served in a stone pot as well.  when you finish your meal, you will notice a layer of roasted rice at the bottom of the pot.  you can ask for hot water to be poured into your rice pot for an after-meal palette cleanser.
the restaurant is clean and has a traditional feel to it.  the servers left us alone but we were able to use the call buttons on the table for service.
overall, excellent soon doo boo!!I can find myself here at least once a week even in the summer for their soft tofu or soondubu. I brought my boyfriend here for his first soondubu, and he's now hooked. They have a scale on how spicy you like your tofu to be (1-nonspicy to 5-very spicy), and the portions are generous. I'm always walking out of the door with a full and satisfied tummy. 
After ordering they serve you five side dishes, that compliment the meal perfectly. Instead of trying to flag your server down, there is a button on the table that you ring if you need them. They also bring you a pitcher of water or tea--depending on which on you have--so you don't have to constantly ask for refills. Although I never tried the Korean pancake yet, I always want to order it because it looks so yummy, and its huge. 
Parking is available on the side (where the door is), and on the street, even arriving around peak dinner time on a Saturday, parking was not a problem.
This is my favorite Korean restaurant in Philly, and I HIGHLY recommend it.Been here multiple times over the last 2 years.
Seems as if tofu isn't quite as good as it was when I started coming here.  Not sure if it's actually changed, or our tasting of it.I've been to this place since I was a child. The first owner did an amazing job and this restaurant was famous in the Korean community - everyone who loved soon dubu knew this place was their go-to. However, owners changed somewhere along the way and the quality of the soondubu went down drastically. The flavors changed, there was less tofu, less seafood in the haemul soon dubu, and the somethin flavor was off.
Last year I gave it another try on a cold day and I was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant was really good again! They put in the right amount of spice (4 out of 5), it was a bit sparse on the seafood again, but plenty of tofu. I went a few more times after that, and the last couple visits I noticed the quality go down again.
I just went again with my [Korean] parents and was so disappointed that I don't think I will be coming here again for awhile. My dad got the clam soon dubu (level 2 spice) and it was ALRIGHT but maybe because it wasn't spicy. My mom ordered the doenjang soon dubu and it was just salty. There was no flavor and no substance I thought I was tasting super concentrated ocean water with soft tofu. My mom couldn't take more than 2 spoons because of how ridiculously salty the was. I ordered the haemul soondubu as usual (level 4 spice), and the seafood was sparse masked by a ton of tofu while the flavor was also a little off. Also, due to kitchen renovations the rice was not served in dolsot (stone pots) which was a huge part of my soon dubu experience.
To top off the decrease in quality of the food, we asked [multiple times] for plastic containers to bring home the leftovers but was told that those containers were only for take out customers. Instead, we were given these small foam containers that were could easily get crushed. We asked for one more plastic bag just to pack our leftovers separately but they insisted on only one bag per customer even though there were 3 people with 3 separate orders. Clearly the economy is hitting them hard and the quality of food and customer service is sinking with it.omg, best soondubu jjigae in the philly area! i love spicy food and spicy soondubu is the best kind. i usually get kimchi soondubu ah-joo mep-gae (the spiciest) and pretty much sweat through the entire bowl. the spiciest option is slightly on the too spicy side but i don't care. tastes soooooo good. the fact that they also serve the bap/rice in those dol-sot bowls and you can have noo-roon-ji is awesome too. their service is pretty good. can get somewhat slow when it gets crowded but they're usually over quick with the push of the button.I would come here every night of the winter if I could.
The perfect pick me up: the seafood soon dubu.
I'm indian, and I love asian cuisine, but sometimes it can be a little bland for me. But #5 very spicy was the perfect level of spicy -- not enough to make me cough and gag, just heat heat heat and flavor. I've never been so satisfied.The soondubu is excellent.  The rest of their food is only average.  I have ordered the bulgogi, kalbi, spicy squid and pajeon and have not been impressed.  The service is also not the best...especially if you are not Korean.So as a native New Yorker, I will always claim everything is better in New York. That said, this is easily the best soondubu spot in the North East. Nothing in New York can compare. The one in Fort Lee, NJ comes close but still falls short.
Of course the caveat to all this is that you have to like tofu soup to begin with. If you do, this is totally your jam. I haven't been here in years but came after a trip to Atlantic City this past Christmas and was not disappointed. 
My favorite combination here has always been the seafood soondubu and the pork kalbi. The beef kalbi is only okay, but the pork kalbi is perfectly spiced and finger licking good. I like it spicy so I go for a level 5 spice level on my soondubu and it is ridiculously good. I promise you that no other spot gives you more tofu. I highly recommend this spot.
It's only not getting a 5 because it's so far away. You need to open more locations!I do not visit this place nearly enough...I could eat here everyday n not get bored with the tofu mushroom stew extra extra spicy....this place leaves my tongue in shock for days...mmm solid soondubu! the place is very spacious and parking was easy.
we ordered the seafood pancake which was crispy and a nice filling appetizer to complement the two bowls of tofu soup and banchan. i ordered my usual fave soondubu which is the combination (seafood + beef) and requested it on the very spicy side per the spice range which was actually spicy enough for me for once! there was a good balance of flavor to complement the heavy spicy level which can sometimes neutralize your taste buds and make the soup taste too bland. once the perfect boiling soup cooled down (much much much later in the meal) it was borderline too salty but still delicious. the banchan were all really good, too!
good service and cute ambiance, too. can't wait to come back and try some other things. this is definitely going to be my go-to soodubu spot!My favorite spot. I love their cucumber side dish and bibimbap the mooost! I'm a regular here so they always see me with diff peopleThis place is my go to restaurant. We have been a regular for over 10 years. The soft tofu Is the best in the country. The pancake was GREAT. Would recommend to any1Really good food and great atmosphere.  They even have a handy bell on the table.  Their menu is small but everything is really good!  I prefer smaller menus where everything on the menu is good.  Location is Ok but the service is good.  I've been here several times and will keep going back!  I can easily recommend this restaurant!Let me tell you how magical this "Korean soft tofu soup" is.
Before I discovered Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu Restaurant I was mean-spirited, 85 lbs overweight, unemployed, major drug/alcohol problem, and I had a goiter on my neck the size of a donkey.  Women hated me.  All of them.
However when I took my first bite of "Korean soft tofu soup", my goiter shimmered and turned into a gold coin and I quickly began to shed the extra weight (and my drug/alcohol problem).  
Since then, I've gotten a job at WalMart!  And women wearing hoop earrings are basically like lining up out the door to have sex with me.
This soup is totally life-changing.  Year of the Dragon, baby!In terms of the decor and food, this is a great place to try out Korean style tofu soup. But each tofu soup is 10 dollars disregard which kind you get, is a little expensive ( but Korean food is always overpriced in my opinion). It's not located in best part of the city but its worth the drive. The people here are nice, but they can't understand English well. One incident happened was there was a fight between two tables but the owner didn't take care of it and everyone of the staff was just standing to watch the two tables arguing back and forth. I didn't like that but the food was good.Jong Ka Jib has the best soft tofu in Philadelphia. What I really like about this place is the decor, which brings me closer to Korea and ancient time. The decoration is simple and classic. The place feels cool inside in term of temperature because it is build slightly below the ground level. And the food is perfect for winter time, because it will make you sweat!
The food is amazing here if you order their soft tofu. It comes with the tofu soup, rice and side dishes, which are amazing. (Don't be shy to ask for more if you want more kimchi, cucumber or bean spout).  I've tried pretty much all the different soft tofu on the menu. I recommend ordering soft tofu and nothing else, because on the flip side menu, there is not much to order. The food is just ok and quite pricey. If I have to recommend, I would say the bibimbap in hot stone pot.  Everything else is not really worth it, although I have friends who really dig the BBQ squid. Also if you order soft tofu, the spiciness is important, you have to at least go number 2 in term of spiciness or the soft tofu won't taste as good. One of my favorite is the mushroom soft tofu.I'm comparing this to Soon doo boo in Los Angeles, and I can confidently say it's just as good. The ban chan is a bit salty, and service is lacking, but to find comfort food this far away from home is a blessing. The drive from South philly is a bit far, and the neighborhood at night is a bit interesting.OK, I have to tell you a secret. I've never been very into Korean food. Don't get me wrong, I love Asian food... love, love, LOVE it. But Korean was always down towards the bottom of my list of things that are yummy. Until this place. For real. I am now converted to the church of Korean flavors. Here's the story.
So I'm feeling terrible one night, really really terrible. I've got a stuffed up nose, I'm super hungry, I'm bloated and its that girly time of the month. And the only thing I want in the whole wide world is just a nice big bowl of warm spicy soup. So I go onto Yelp, and I check out my bookmarks for saved places in my hood. I speed-read a few reviews for this place and convince my husband we need to go here ASAP. 
And like Audrey Horne, I get what I want.
I ordered the mushroom soft tofu (beo seot soon du bu) and my husband ordered spicy chicken & vegetable (dak gal bi). Both medium spice and both so freaking amazing. My soup is spicy, it's comforting, its downright perfect. It was exactly what I was looking for.
But before your food is ready, they bring out 5 different banchan: Kimchi, marinated bean sprouts, spicy cucumber slices, adzuki beans, burdock and jalapenos (I think) marinated in sesame oil and soy sauce? Not sure, but they were all tasty. But the best part is they bring you some weirdly awesome hot tea that I can't get enough of. I haven't figured out if it's Boricha (barley tea) or Hyeonmicha (rice tea). So weird and soooo good.
Preventing a few faux pas:
1) That egg they give you is raw, and it's meant to go in your soup.
2) The weird little box attached to your table? That's a call button for the staff.
3) Don't be dumb. That soup is boiling in there, so DON'T touch the caldron-bowl. Use the plate underneath.
4) Do you mix some of the pitcher of tea with your leftover crispy rice or not? I still haven't figured that one out.
5) This place is totally not for kids. Delicate wall hangings? Boiling hot stoneware? A call button on the table to play with? A raw egg just sitting there, waiting to be used as a weapon? Yeah. Not for kids, but perfect for us adults.Once again in my quest to satiate my appetite I find myself literally in the middle of nowhere eating some of the most delicious soon du bu in recent memory. Not that my experience with this deliciously hearty tofu soup is worth mentioning but it's very tasty here!! Accompanying the soups are a slew of comdiments ranging from kim chee to bean sprouts- pickled vegetables never tasted so good..Spiciness level can be adjusted from wimp to bad ass (I was on the wimpy side and found it perfectly spiced). Sevice was the only thing that left much to be desired for. I'm guessing they had no idea what I was saying, but multiple requests for water were unheard or ignored... At any rate if you find yourself meandering even remotely close to 66th ave- head on by!!!I was super impressed with how friendly and attentive service was during my most recent visit. The food is still as good as I remembered it to be. We tried something new this time - the spicy marinated chicken with veggies. It was a stew like dish made with bone-in dark meat chicken, potatoes, peppers, onions, and carrots. Honestly when I saw it on the menu, it did not appeal to me. I'm so glad my boyfriend ordered it because it was soo good! I also love that I can bring my vegan friends here - there are plenty of vegan/vegetarian options. This is definitely my favorite Korean restaurant in Philly.I am in soft tofu heaven.
Every Yelper who adores this place is now joined by me ... am a total FAN.
Been waiting to go here and was deterred by snow storms on 2 occasions!
Went with dear friends and 2 of us had the soondubu jiigae with oyster ... this was a foodie's steamy, creamy, spicy and bubbly mini hot tub of utter savory deliciousness.  Pair that with the rice in the stoneware that is so hot that it begins to crisp on the sides and then you let that bathe in the soondubu ... ahhhhh.
Service is fast and the food comes out quickly too.  
The little banchan dishes were a wonderful start as well.
Will absolutely be back here !!!!I think I'm a lot less familiar with Korean food than some of the other Yelpers that have reviewed this place. Most of the menu is variations of their specialty dish, a soup/stew called sun du bu.  It's got a red broth and lots of tofu as well some meat or something else, depending on the variety you order.  The soup is literally boiling when it arrives at your table, and depending on how you order it, it's pretty hot in the other way, also.  You are provided with a raw egg to crack into the soup if you wish.  You also get a pot of rice, a variety of tiny side dishes and a drink that I understand is essentially iced tea made with buckwheat instead of tea.
My three companions and I really enjoyed this place.  The one problem we had was that one of our friends is a strict vegetarian and it was difficult for us to determine which things on the menu were truly vegetarian, partly because of the limited English of the servers.  She doesn't want meatless soup if it is made with beef broth, for example. It was pretty clear that we weren't going to be able to communicate that to our waitress, so she got the pancake with scallions.  
I'll be back, especially on a cold day!Off the beaten path but worth a trip. Short ribs were excellent as was the jap chae, squid and scallion pancake, and bibimbap.Love the seafood pancake!! The grilled squid is also very delicious. I've had various dishes here and none have disappointed me yet. The service is not as great as you'd like it to be but they get the job done. Definitely recommend this place for great Korean cuisine.I'm not really a fan of soft tofu because I think it is very bland and boring. I love meat! On my most recent trip (because others wanted to go) I got the seafood version. I got full by eating the side kimchi, rice and tofu. It's not really my style but it is alright for what it is.i love this place! i like korean food a lot, but find that restaurants are generally a hit or a miss. the spicy level is perfect, and i love the soft tofu soup.Nice to have this place within walking distance of my house. I've only eaten here a handful of times a but the experience was mostly positive.Last time we arrived about 8 on a Sat. night. Place was packed. We were seated within 10 minutes. Mostly Korean clientele.Owners very welcoming and friendly.
Good deal for $10. Their soon dubu tends to be on the bland side sometimes.First time i got the seafood spice level 3. Actually enjoyed the banchan much better. The kim-chi- beef spice level 3 lacked real kim chi or beef flavor. Tried my friend's seafood spice level 4.. Now we're talking! Next time. The service and owners are great. Definitely some great things about this place and I will definitely return.Love the banchan, the raw egg you get to add to your soup, the whole presentation...the rice in the stone pot...crunchy..add water they provide to get all the good bits.Buzzer on table for service a nice touch.in short, the best tasting food i've ever had for $10.
Place is very authentic, would be good for groups to share different menu choices. Seriously, 99.5% Asians in there except for my white ass.
food was excellent. i need to look for tofu soup in chicago.
thanks yelp, would not have gone here otherwise. i plugged the addy into my GPS and when i pulled up close i was like WTF this place is out of business, there is no way there is a good restaurant on this residential block! but then there it was!the tofu soup was ok. id say on the higher scale especially around philly but ive had better (bcd in la and ny).  after reading all the great reviews i was actually a little disappointed. the side dishes were bland but the rice was amazing. Comes in the stone bowls and some how made the soup taste better. to bad the waiter forgot to bring it out with the meal.  id go back just for the rice.I'm obsessed with soondubu. Seriously obsessed. I've searched the world for it and this is definitely in the top 3...to include restaurants in Korea!  If I'm within 1 hour of this place, I make the detour here and schedule anything else around it so I can have a meal here.  
The spicy soup comes out boiling. I love the rice in the stone bowl with the norangi (crunchy burnt rice). The sides are all awesome, love the cucumber kimchi and bean sprouts. I love breaking the raw egg and eating it half way through when the yolks are still buttery and smoothi. It's 3 and 4 are the perfect spicy for me. There's always a lot of born and raised in Korea ahjummas and ahjussis (older Koreans) eating here so you know it's good.
Man I'm so hungry for Jong Ka Jib soondubu now!!!lovely little authentic korean restaurant, everything on their menu is pretty great but i go whenever i get cravings for their spicy soft tofu in a clay pot, it's to die for!so soo yummy! simple yet delicious. I've never been to a tofu house before but this was a good first experience. The ambiance is very traditional but nice. The menu is selective but seemingly authentic to the cuisine. You can choose up to 5 levels of spiciness for your soup, but plain mild still has an amazing taste. 
The parking lot is small, but there is street parking surrounding the area also. Prices are ok for what it actually is, but honestly its delish and a nice fulfilling treat no matter what you order. I also love all of the small side dishes which come with any Korean meal.
Also, there arent any desserts which i am a fan of, but its ok.Really nice. The first thing to notice is the old world woodwork throughout the interior, tables and seating. The real decor and uniforms of the staff, take you to Korea.
The tofu soup was very good. I ordered level 3 heat on advise from a Korean friend but I could have gone higher.
My wife had the vegetables platter that was also very good.
A great experience and very reasonable prices.My girlfriend and I went to Jong Ka Jib on our first date because I love spicy food. Overall the food is great, but it can get really busy, even in the weekdays. The food is great, and so is the service.
Also, if you're around the area check out Paris Baguette next to 7 Eleven!My favorite spot for soon doobu jigae!  The service is quick, food is served piping hot ...  Definitely a cheap and cheerful place.
And the rice is served in those hot pot lava bowls resulting in crunchy, browned rice on the bottom.  Yum.Have been coming here for several years and there is no better soft tofu house in the region.
The price has gone up slightly but the food is consistently amazing.
The soon do boo is a soft, boiling hot bowl of soft silky tofu with your choice of veggie and meat, spiced from 1-5.  It always comes with a giant bowl of hot rice and a raw egg for you to put in the boiling tofu when you first get it.
The bonchon dishes here are numerous, you usually get a set of 6 for two persons, if you have 4 people you should get two sets of 6 bonchon side dishes.
Their other dishes are consistently good also.  I love the pa jeon (korean pancake) with scallions and squid.
The service is fast paced and more leaned towards "asian" style of service, meaning you shouldn't be shy to ask for things if someone doesn't fill your water or tea. They have a special little button that dings for service when you press it.
The tofu dishes are $10, with leftovers if you have a normal appetite, but a hungry person can probably finish a tofu themselves.
Parking is free in the lot in the front of the restaurant, although it can get tight at times, I recommend backing your car into the spot if possible.One of the best korean tofu I've ever had and it's cheap!  This is just as good as any of the other Korean restaurants in Los Angeles.  All the little side dishes are really good too.  I ordered the beef bulgogi and that wasn't very good, but it is not what they are known for.  The food is served quickly and the staff is friendly.Third time coming here and they don't disappoint. I love getting the Kimchi Tofu Stew, and love al their little side dishes that come with it. Very authentic Korean tasting and definitely earn my 5 stars. :)Not bad.  The quality of the tofu soup is pretty good, and the side dishes are decent.
As of July 2014, the tofu soup is $10, which is pricier than what I expected for a dish like that.
This place is better than other "standard" korean restaurants i've been to, but not amazing by any means.  The price isn't a great deal but I will continue to come here for "cheaper" korean food cravings.  Unfortunately it's about 25 minutes from Center City.
Service here is, unfortunately, typical korean style and they don't check on you ever. Get used to it though, it's just the culture.  Ring the bell if you need something.
It's also hard to find unless you're looking for it.  Highly recommend using google maps, as it seems to be in the middle of a neighborhood.Tofu house is one of my favorite go-to spots. The food quality is always consistent. I love their mushroom soondubu and beef ribs. Those are my two favorites!
 I also like the scallion pancake! The scallion pancake can be a bit greasy but very filling! I usually only get it when I go with the group because it would be too much for two people to share long with soondubu and the beef ribs. 
The side dishes they serve are also very good, I love their cucumbers! The staff are fairly friendly and if you need their attention you can just press the button on the table. 
They have recently upped the prices but overall its still one of my favorite Korean spots in Philly!I've been coming here since they opened up in the 90's and they have the best consistent soft tofu stew. Always great service with a big smile, and priced just right. If you want to try Korean for the first time come here, you will come back again and again.BEST FIND EVERR
At least for me and my Korean food cravings :) I'd contend that it's one of the best places for Korean food in Philadelphia, but there's a lot more to this restaurant that makes it definitely deserving of 5-stars!
For starters, I say it's the best "find" ever because it is a good distance north of the city and you'd probably need to drive there. Since I don't have a car, I would never have known about it if it hadn't been for friends who HIGHLY recommended it (for good reason, I discovered!). However, they do have a parking lot, so at least that's off your list of worries. 
The inside of the restaurant is spacious and pristine, giving off a casual ambiance with a touch of traditional Korean elements. Hence, it can accommodate small groups fairly easily. For example, on my first visit, I think I came with a group of 6-7 and we all fit comfortably around a table, and could have probably seated just as many more on the adjacent table.
And now, the menu! As the name of the establishment suggests, its specialty is the soft tofu (soon doo boo) and it is SUCH a great deal at $10 for their different kinds! Kimchi soft tofu, seafood soft tofu, clam soft tofu, beef soft tofu, etc... yum! And they do it legit too - providing you with a raw egg that you crack into the stone pot of hot soup. Oh, and before I forget to mention, you can also adjust the level of spiciness when you order (if you don't specify, they will just give you the average spicy level, I believe). If you're not in the mood for soon doo boo, they do have other Korean food options on the menu. Admittedly, I typically gravitate immediately to the soft tofu whenever I visit, but I've tried the dak galbi once, which was also delicious and fairly generous in its portions.
Speaking of portion sizes, the restaurant is famous for their amazing side dishes that they refill if you ask when you finish (can't imagine how many plates they have to wash!). With the side dishes and the rice that comes with your main meal, it's a lot of food in my opinion. So basically, go hungry :)
And a final adorable touch is that they typically give you a little mint candy with the check, which gives the feast the proper conclusion that it deserves. Definitely a meal worth every cent in my book!I know nothing about Soon Doo Bu except that I love it now.
My only Korean food experience to date was Bulgogi and Kimchee.  Glad that I've now had the real stuff, it's delicious!Wow!
To date, I would say this is the best tofu soup I have ever had--and I was born in korea!
It is hot and delicious, and the price is just so reasonable.  The steamy rice that comes in the hot pot adds a nice touch!  Ever since I was little,  wanted to burn the rice in the hot pot a little bit and dig it with my spoon to get the crunchy texture.
I always get the medium spicy soondoobu, and my sister gets the extra-hot.  We always rave about this place afterwards, and take 2 more servings to go for home! (We do not have a car and live too far away).  
The only thumbs down I can think of is the side dishes--I've had better, and they use too much of the go-chu-ga-ru.. the spicy red flakes.  
However, A couple of the side dishes are great and we always ask for more!
Definitely try out this place if you appreciate good korean food!A treasure in the wasteland of north Philly. An oasis of really good food.
The soft mushroom veg tofu was even better than the pork soft tofu. The ribs were good, but probably not worth $17. Stick with the soft tofu which is all around $10. Worth the trip from downtown or wherever you live!Wow this place is amazing and authentic !  Even recommend going alone so you don't have to share the yummy sidesThis is one of my favorite restaurants, hands down.  I'm in an orgasmic trance for the entire time I'm there.  I usually just get a hotpot; I'm not super into spicy, but I like spice that has a lot of flavor.  You order the hotpots based on the amount of spicy you'd like it, 1-5, I find 3 is almost perfect (I've had 4, its just a little too much for me.)
Every time I go there are different little kimchi and other pickled salads.  The staff is attentive, and all you have to do is ring for them and they come to your table.  Their English is not usually all that good, which is fine, and it used to be that I'd be the only Anglo at the restaurant when I'd go, but the secret seems to have gotten out that this place is so amazing - if you're at all adventurous, just go.GREAT food. The tofu sundubu are delicious. They're all $10 regardless of which flavor and comes with rice in a stone bowl. I had the mushroom, kimchi, and bean paste varieties and they were all flavorful. Not much selection in the banchan but what they have is well done. They rotate the banchan offered so it's always a surprise each time you come here. Their kimchi is not very spicy, which suits my wimpy tastebuds fine! This place is also good to take your parents if they are uninitiated to Korean food, as the food quality is good and the decor is traditional and done well. My mom got the bibimbap both times she came here and both times it was delicious and hearty. Docked a star because the servers are space cadets and they passively rush you to finish your meal and get you out the door asap.Definitely recommend this place! Soft tofu soup is beyond compare!I've been coming to this restaurant for the past 10 years, and it's remained one of my favorite Korean restaurants. I'm probably basing this on sentimentality since this was the first soondubu place I've ever had, but it hasn't let me down as one of the most delicious and fulfilling since my experiences with others like competitor DuBu in Cheltenham and BCD Tofu House in NJ/NY.
Just a heads-up that most of the staff only speak Korean, and is a BYOB.
I get the pork soondubu which also comes with some kimchi in it. Their other dishes are deeply-flavorful as well, though can be overly cooked with red pepper flakes.Trying to recall exactly what's shown in the picture, which I believe was Soon Du Bu. They had an array of items to place into your stew and mix in with rice and soup. It was seasoned perfectly. I love that you can crack the egg right into the stone bowl for it took cook right there. The runny egg flavor in the spicy soup brings warmth to your soul. I love the soft tofu, some places its way too chewy but here it was perfect.  It's definitely the spot to hit up on a cold day. Also, the teriyaki sticks are SO yummy! Must try those too.Not in my knowledge have I seen a Korean restaurant in "K-town" NYC or Philly supplement its name with soft tofu. So my first impression was to think this was named by an alpha couple who clearly thought their soft tofu pot was slamming! I accept your Iron Chef soft tofu pot challenge!
They rightfully win the challenge, deserving four stars for a proper, good sizzling bubbly hot soon doo bu (Korean tofu pot). They also have a full Korean menu, but do come here for a soon doo bu as this is their specialty. If I was to judge the restaurant only on their tofu pot, it gets five stars.
Priced at a steal for $10, you can select an assortment of tofu pots (beef, pork, seafood, mushroom, oyster, clam or tofu only), ranging from not spicy to spicy. 
Jap chae is "so-so" here. But then again, you should come here for the restaurant's specialty, and should you forget, let the restaurant's name listed on Yelp help you remember!
The owners are such good people and have an interesting life story. My sister in law lost a Swarovski bracelet a year ago in their garage. We came back a year later and the owner recognized us as the possible owners of the bracelet. Unbelievable, and he still had it wrapped up in a small lost and found area. Such kindness seems to be a rarity but still exists here. I know plenty of people who frequent here, for all the right reasons.Wow. Korean soft tofu. What a place you've created in my heart. A very nice, warm, spicy place. One I don't regret whatsoever. That feeling working its way down from the spice on my tongue to the warmth of my throat to the satisfaction in my stomach... I cannot forget you and will come back for you...
And what would a centerpiece be without the support staff to accompany it? The workers were so extremely nice and attentive. The grandmotherly lady attending our table had her hawk of an eye on us. She knew when we were ready to order, she knew to ask if we wanted cold water, she knew when to ask if we wanted the check, almost as if she had a sixth sense for it. Then again, there weren't that many people that night, so she was probably just bored and watching us. Regardless, the boss lady at the desk also seemed genuinely nice. I make a big deal out of this given that it is a Korean place. I know that there are many restaurants run by Korean people who do not provide stellar service to those who don't speak to them in Korean. No prejudices here whatsoever. Much win.
The establishment itself has a warm, rustic feel with its wooden decor. Plenty of space between tables, including booths makes it not too crowded or loud. You can actually hear the people you're with!
If you ever find yourself in the area (or if you want to take a short, well worthwhile drive from Center City), head over here for a meal worth raving about!Very good and authentic soondubu. I come from Malaysia and I've had the real stuff before. You can definitely find great soondubu and not to mention a wide variety from seafood like oysters and clams!The best soondubu place in Philly.
This restaurant is pretty much my benchmark for soondubu, which really is all I get when I come here. It makes a really nice comfort and hungover food.The Korean food here is pure awesomeness. 
Must order the sundubu jjigae (Korean stew) here! It's a hot and spicy soup made with uncurdled dubu (tofu), vegetables, mushrooms, onion, scallions, various combination of tasty seafood and gochujang (chili powder). The soup is made and eaten right in the serving bowl, which is typically made of solid stone. Served with a raw egg to be cracked into the soup. It comes out still bubbling vigorously. You are also given a bowl of cooked white rice and several banchan (side dishes). The banchan are so addicting that you'll ask for seconds! A true Korean meal is never complete without banchan. And the ones here are crazy delicious. Also highly recommend their bbq meats. 
I worship this eatery greatly. You might as well stop reading this review and ask me about it in person. Because chances are that if you go here now, I will be there eating my sundubu and banchan!All time best Korean tofu soup here. I have been to many other places and I have never had it better than here. The broth here is so tasty especially if you get the very spicy broth. It come out super hot and bubbling. The tofu here is really soft and tender. I always get the seafood version and have never Veblen disappointed. They have so many great sides here also. The Jambi and spicy grilled squid are also a great choice. Super tiny parking lot though that has a hill going out.An adventure in dining. Seriously! You wouldn't expect this much looking at it from the outside, but the packed lot and lack of parking nearby clues you in on just how much people love this place.
I am new to Korean food, and as the other reviewers have stated, the food is great. The menu is a little bit small, but what the menu lacks in size, the foods make up for in flavor. We ordered tofu soups- mushroom and kimchi. I experienced more flavors and spices in that meal than I have at all other restaurants combined in the past 2 years. The only thing I was not a big fan of was the drink, I believe it was barley water.
The dining experience itself was something to be remembered. The service was something new, we didn't know that it was a bell on our table we were supposed to ring, so we waited for a table near us to finish so we could see how they worked out getting the check lol. Cracking a raw egg into the soup? Really? Surprisingly yummy. Although my DH missed the bowl and sent his egg everywhere. Chopsticks for beans (one of the many yummy side dishes) was a fun challenge too.
The decor set the scene and it was just a really fun experience with great food.We arrived knowing nothing about this style of Korean cuisine, except that it existed. The wait staff is wonderful and helpful, although language barrier limited their assistance. I would suggest Googling and reading about the customs of soft tofu stew before going, just to eliminate those few moments of confusion. 
We had a bowl of the seafood tofu stew, and one of the beef+kimchi. Both excellent! Level 4 was mighty spicy enough, and glad we did not go for 5. $10 for most selections ($12 for the most expensive) gets you a bowl of your choice of stew, rice, tea, and side dishes, and a raw egg to crack into your bowl. Your stew arrives still boiling. A giant, cheap, exciting , and satisfying meal!food was delicious especially if you like spicy things, service was good and attentive...atmosphere was casual and pleasant and the room temp was just right, if you want good korean tofu this is the place to go...if you don't like tofu this place will change your mind (they serve other korean dishes but tofu is their specialty)Best Tofu.  Soups are great.  The ban chan was nice too.  I ordered the bbq squid and did not like it.  But they certainly make up for it with the tofu dishes!Jong Ka Jib, FTW!!!!!!! I love their tofu stew!! For just $9, you get a REALLY tasty tofu stew with rice served in a hot stone bowl. Definitely worth every penny!This is my mom's favorite place.  She's an incredibly picky eater (honestly, she's like a 5 year old), but she loves this place.   Oh yeah, she's Korean, as am I.  
The flavors are spot on, and the seafood in the seafood soondubu actually tastes decent, and not freezer burnt, like in so many places.  
As for how to order- do not get your soondubu not spicy.  You don't get the full experience, and your dish will come out looking bleached white, instead of a healthy dark orange or red.  It's not to say that you need a mouth burning, sweat inducing heat, it's just that there's a lot of flavor in the spices- not just hot hot hot.
None of non-soondubu dishes are very good.  I've tried most of the things on the menu, and am disappointed every time (I end up ordering things again and again because newbies want to try things).
Go there.  Eat.  It's a nice cheap meal, and great, especially in the winter.  They do have some crazy strong A/C, so summer soondubu isn't so bad either.Ordered kimchee soondubu and it was amazing! I loved that it comes with an egg that you can drop in the stone bowl. Egg cooks perfectly bc the soup comes out still boiling. My husband loves the fact that the rice also comes in a stone bowl. He loves extra crispy rice that I had to go out and buy a stone bowl for home just so we can have crispy rice at home.what's going on with the price of tofu???  Latest increase on the menu is higher than the inflation.I love their seafood tofu and bibimbap! this place is one of my go to Korean restaurants it's very authentic! The ambience has this rustic feel to it, in which u love because it gives you a feel of Korean culture. The food in itself is really good and filling. Service is ok I feel like sometimes they are uppity.Best tofu soup in the area.
The places looks authentically Korean. They give you a great assortment of appetizer dishes, all delicious in their own right. Do you like soft tofu soup (In Korean it's called soondubu) cause you kind of owe it to yourself to come here. You can choose the spiciness of the dish from 5 different levels ranging from dull and flavorless to scratch your taste buds to get the spicy flavor out. Coming out of the kitchen in a stone bowl, the soup is boiling angry only satiated when you crack open the raw egg and pour it in like a sacrifice. I always get the mixed (seok oh) and they got everything I love in life in there: shrimp, clams, beef and more.  Have not tried anything else but that's fine, I'll keep coming for the soup every time.growing up in Philly, this was one of the places that started my love affair with Korean food.  one of my my favorite Korean restaurants in Philly.  
those who know me know that although I eat meat, tofu is my protein of choice.  tofu, broth, spicy...  ahhh delicious!  their tofu stew totally hits the spot, especially around fall and winter months.
parking lot in side/rear and there is usually ample street parking.I never get tired of this place.  If it weren't for the distance, I would probably go there far more often than I already do.  
I like that I could choose from a variety of soondubu options and level of spiciness.  I always go for HOT.  You can crack a raw egg in the piping hot soup and mix it to allow it to cook in the soup.  A side of rice comes out in a hot clay bowl, which "cooks" the rice into a bit of crunchy goodness.This is my new favorite spot. Mad props to my Korean coworker who told me about this little hidden gem. 
I went on Sunday with a friend and we both had  veggie Soon du bu. We both ordered ours with "Level 3" spiciness. If you like a little spice, but are not great with super spicy foods, you could handle this level. I might try Level 4 next time.
When we arrived at 3pm on Sunday  it was moderately busy. The decor is great, and the space is very clean. OUr servers were very friendly. Random note, we were seemingly the only non-Koreans there , which I took that as a good sign.
I wasn't sure how to eat the Soon du bu, but its easy enough to figure out from watching other diners - or reading the previous Yelp reviews that give helpful explanations.
The only thing that had me confused was how to get the check when we were done. My dinner partner hit the "bell" on the table and it made a horribly loud noise, and had our server giggling at us - rightfully so, we were even laughing at ourselves.
So, if anyone here knows how you get the check at the end of the meal without making a scene like we did...let me know - because I will definitely be returning. Thanks!Came in for tofu soup to wait out the snow and traffic outside. Maybe they just opened for dinner it was really cold inside but as soon as we started eating  the spicy soup it was not cold anymore. taste a-ok, i have had better. Service was good, very attentive staff.Entertaining service - push a red button on your table and they come. Great prices for interesting food - order a grilled squid, the whole thing comes out sizzling with scissors for you to cut it up. The soft tofu stews are delicious and different. The decor is excellent for this type of restaurant - usually you would expect a hole in the wall ambiance, but this place has a really great interior considering the price and type of food. Highly recommended. We were the only white people in there which of course says a lot about the authenticity and quality of the food.Some of my FOB friends introduced me to this place about 8 years ago, and I haven't stopped coming ever since. Lots of people raved about the soon doo pu, but everything on the menu is top notch. Both bibimbap selections are amazing, and I've never been disappointed by either their bulgogi or kalbi. Their bowls of rice are also fantastic. I realize it's a strange thing to be excited about, but I have never found any place that can compare in the rice department. 
Their staff is always friendly and nice and they've always been kind to put up with my atrocious attempts at ordering in Korean. One of my other favorite things is ordering take out. You can't beat stopping by and picking up a few containers of hot tofu for a cold winter day bundled up at home. 
If you have friends that never tried Korean food, take them to Jong Ka Jib. They'll bug you to take them again over and over.This is the best place to get soondoobu in the Philadelphia area. (Still, as great as this place is, I still yearn for a BCD tofu house in Philadelphia.) 
The service, although somewhat rude (is it just me since I'm a college student? or is that lady always frowning and hating life?), always brings out the food very quickly. Soondubu is always boiling hot, delicious, and filling here, although they do use MSG. My favorite is the pork soondoobu (I think a new addition), but I also love the seafood, mushroom, and kimchi soondubu as well. The banchan (little side dishes) are always great - the cucumber kimchi! They keep raising the prices, but I don't blame them. I will gladly pay 11$ for a bowl of their soondubu, rice, and side dishes.Very nicely decorated , excellent service
I had the seafood tofu soon du bu (medium spicy) and the BBQ beef ribs. 
I enjoyed everything, I walked out full and satisfied.
The Soon du bu, was perfect on such a COLD DAY!Lots of Korean restaurants around but few that are good. This place stand out, with great taste and service I recommend it to all authentic food enthusiasts out there. I personally like authentic places that have a distinct vibe to it and not being commercialized, this joint got it!This is definitely one of my favorite place when I'm in the mood for some Korean tofu soup. It's the best I have yet to try compared to the Sammy Chon and Seorabol. Whenever I come here I always get the combination tofu soup which comes with beef and seafood. Always leave full and happy. :)It's good but quality has seemed to fallen off a little lately. The stew is watery now. I dunno if they haven't been cooking it long enough. I still enjoyed my meal.It's 1 degree outside.  Nothing better on a cold day then tofu mushroom soup and  jap chae although I'd order the soup even if it was 100.Combination Soon Du Bu, level 4 on the spicy scale (5 is my favorite but I won't lie, it ruins some of the taste at times because all you get is heat). You will not leave disappointed. 
The little side dishes they serve are all delicious, my favorites are the spicy cucumber and kimchi. Very nice looking place with attentive staff and reasonable prices. I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes Korean food, and though I haven't tried much else aside from the pancake (awesome) I have to imagine it's all fantastic.Soondoobu on a cold day is probably one of those meals that hit the spot. I mean your clothes usually smell a bit afterwards, but your stomach is so happy. 
I especially love when the rice gets a little burnt and you have to dig it out. Its so crispy and yummy.
I remember the first time I had soondoobu, I was thinking how this meal would definitely not fill me up and started to ponder on what I would eat next...but I barely made it through the bowl.Their food was decent but felt the service was rude. We walked in around 9, was eating and one of the servers was sitting at the table across from us, head rested on his arms crossed, and felt like he was staring at us eat. I looked over at him once, and he was. It was uncomfortable. To me, service plays a big part of my restaurant experience.
Around 9:50, I was still eating but he came over and asked me to pay. I asked him 'Don't you close at 10:30?' and he said 'yeah, but we're going to close down to the computer.' RUDE. You just can't ask the customer to pay while they're eating, especially when you have time before closing. 
We didn't appreciate that one bit. In the same token, I saw a cockroach under our table.I love this place so much; they have the best soondubu! I've been here so often throughout the years I can't even keep count.  
I usually order the kimchi or mushroom soondubu at level 3 spice. The tofu is silken and soft, the flavor is bold, and the banchan (side dishes) are delicious. They also serve you a large side of rice in a hot stone pot. All this deliciousness for $10? Amazing.
I've tried a number of soondubu places including spots in LA and NYC ktown and this place is still my very favorite!We love coming here - been coming for years. It's the best soft tofu we've ever had. Nice place for families and lots of vegetarian options.Best soon-doo-boo in the city!  Even better than T.G.I. Friday's.1. Great side dishes
2. Soondubu
3. Asian ambience
Consumed:
Bbq chicken
Mushroom soondubu
Seafood soondubu
I have been here twice now and have thoroughly both experiences! I absolutely love the small side dishes though I have varying favorites. I really enjoy the cucumbers and the beans. The pickled radishes are fine too. 
When the soondubu comes out, it's in a boiling thick clay bowl. Be careful!  Then you're supposed to crack the raw egg into it and let it cook. You could either let it sit or you can mix the egg in. It's a fun experience!The place to go to for soft tofu. Although it may be a bit more pricy than other places, the flavors and the amount makes up for it. Seafood soon du bu was great. The rice and stew really fills you up. I just love how traditional this place is. Not many other places serve rice in a stone bowl, raw eggs to crack in, and hot water for a warm rice porridge after. According to my vegetarian cousins, the mushroom tofu stew was good too. My brother loves the chicken bbq here. 
The service was also nice and quick so that's a plus. 
Overall, you should come here for korean food that won't disappoint.This place is awesome. Welcoming, good food, vegan options. We will be back and with friends!The best best best best Tofu House restaurant in the world!!!! The server are nice, they can both understand Korean and Chinese. And the price here can not beat. When I was in Los Angeles ordered soon dubu in BCD tofu house, their food was disappointed, make me miss Jong Ka Jib. So I always visit here once a week even though I am living in Delaware!I went last week with my mother in-law and my baby. When we were seated, the server didnt give us the seat cusion to sit on the wood chair/bench while she did gave it to the other guests who came right before us. The first thing she said to us was in Mandarin "Do you speak mandarin? are you chinese". I felt weired, wouldnt it be awkward if im not? She didnt offer me a high chair. So when i asked for one, this other male server just grabbed the high chair from the table cross from us ( who just left). The high chair was soaking wet because the little girl on that table knocked the water cup and spilled on it accidentally, also not to mention all the rice and pieces of pork on the seatbelt and the corner of the seat. I had to clean their highchair and  put layers of clean diaper on it before i can seat my baby. At that point, im already not happy with the service.  We ordered soft tofu stew and a bibimbap. The stew was very nice and authetic, but the bibimbap was very hard and dry, barely edible. I dont like strangers to hold my baby, the male server just came up to my son while he was sitting in the high chair and asked my baby "Can i hold you?". My son is only few months old, what made him think it's ok to not ask me but ask my baby for permission? I just felt really uncomfortable staying for any longer time. We finished the tofu stew and quickily paid the bill. We left as soon as possible and will never come back again.I live in Center City so getting out there is not an easy task. After getting a zipcar, we got out here and I have to say that I was a bit scared. Kinda reminded me of the Bronx or something.   
Food was good but I wouldn't say it is anymore spectacular than Wajoe in center city or all the Korean food on 69th st. I don't think it's worth the trek to go out there if you don't have a car.This place is so good, it's ridikolus.
Hands down the best soondubu in the city. Go all out and get it level 5 spicy unless you are a pansy. Food comes out fairly quickly, but while you wait, feast yourself on the vast array of side dishes. Once it arrives, crack in your egg, and go to town on that shiet (but don't get too excited, the soup is hot as balls). Perfectly spicy, perfectly flavorful, and the rice is perfectly crispy around the edges of the bowl (for eating with tea after you finish - yum!).
Eating here is great on a cold winter day, and ironically, it's also great on a swelteringly hot day. Basically just go.
**Sidenote: Whenever I come across this corner, my heart feels desperately torn between stopping here to get my soondubu fix, or heading across the street to Cafe Soho for some awesome chicken wings. And then I discovered that sometimes BOTH is the best choice!I would eat here everyday if I could.  It is that good.  My korean friends think this is the best soon du bu in philly.  We have to risk our lives driving through the ghetto to get here but its totally worth it.
I get the tofu at a spicyness level of 4(normal for most asians, way too spicy if you're weaksauce), usually with seafood but I don't think it matters much which tofu dish you pick.  They all taste great and the side dishes are decent too, especially the cucumber one.  I've never gotten anything other than soon du bu here seeing as the name of this place is soft tofu.This place is cool...my good friend called me and asked if i wanted to go get spicy tofu soup...hmm...well i did not decline.  Once there we were seated pretty fast . The complimentary ingredients came oyt pretty fast.  She order a spucy seafood tofu soup that i could not begin to try to say the name. The soup was accompany by a clay type bowl with crispy rice.  She also ordered a plate of korean bbq steak..i think that the steak needed a bit more spices, compare to a regular bbq restaurant byt it was still good.  Service was great, friendly and fast. Def. Goibg back for more.It's all really good.  Generous portions.  Sweet staff. I go at least once a month.Best place for Soondubu in Philly. Great place and food to eat on a cold winter night as the heat warms your body and the spice clears your nostrils. Be warned, the service may not be the best if you are non-Korean and/or are young. I suggest you look past all of this and just enjoy the food like I do. 
In terms of what I like, Oyster is my favorite because they stand out in flavor but Pork is pretty good too. It's all up to your preferences as the base will taste mostly the same. For the spice level, they go from levels 1-5 and levels 4 & 5 are very spicy! Also the heat level is very hot when it comes out so put the egg in there (it's not a hard-boiled egg) and let it sit a few minutes before enjoying. 
Other than the Soondubu, they have some ancillary dishes to go along with the Banchan (small dishes). My group's go to is the LA Kalbi for extra protein to go with the stew. It's not the best and can be hit or miss but the stew is the main attraction anyway. I've also tried the Grilled Squid, which was underwhelming. I take one star off because these dishes aren't up to the standards of the stew.
You've been warned about the heat and spice. Now's the perfect time to go try it!Food: * * * * *
Ambiance: * * *
Service: * * * * *
Cost: * * * *  (more stars means more for your money)
Dress: Casual
My gosh, I can't sleep and the only thing I can think about is this restaurant for some reason so I'm gonna fill you in.  For some reason I have the chopstick wrapper sitting right here on my desk.  That must mean it's good!
Seriously though this Korean restaurant may be a trek outside of Center City (20 minute drive with no traffic), but well worth it if you are a fan of Korean food, especially Soon Doo Boo (otherwise known as Soft Tofu in a hotpot.  It's so popular that oftentimes finding a parking spot in their lot is impossible, but fret not since their is usually ample street parking.
For Philly, you can't get better than this if you want Korean food.  The menu selection is a little small, but if any of the reviews are an indication, get the soft tofu.  If you must eat something else though, they also serve the traditional Korean BBQ that everyone loves and forms of Bibimbab (rice dishes mixed with assorted vegetables, meat and egg).  The tofu will cost less than $10 and anything else will just be over $11.  No matter what you get though, you'll more than likely leave full.
Like most Korean places, you also get a number of small side dishes right when you arrive to hold you over until the "real" food arrives.  In terms of the soft tofu, be wary that Korean restaurants tend to serve food on the spicy side, esp this soft tofu dish.  However for the weak in stomach (I myself am in this category despite my love of spicy food), you can order "Little Spicy," which is the equivalent of mild.  Make sure you say "Little Spicy" too (or whatever it says on the bottom of the menu if you want another spice level) because though the service is great, many of the waitstaff speak limited English.  They have no idea what "mild" means and will keep waiting for some English they understand like  "Little Spicy."  (I may sound like I'm joking, but I'm serious - went through this twice in my many visits).  Another thing typical of true Korean restaurants, realize that they do not serve you clear spring water by default but instead often give you some sort of iced tea (I think it's Barley Tea).  If you want regular water though, just ask for it instead of telling them their water is dirty cuz it's not.
Despite the limited English, they know more than enough and also try to explain dishes on their menu so you can more than get by.  Service here is great!  They try to check up on you and always attempt to serve their food as fast as they can.  Of course if you ever need help, they offer a little button on the edge of every table so that you can "ring" the waitstaff.  Once you push it, a little doorbell sounds and the waitstaff know to come to YOUR table.  Can't get better than service on demand!
In terms of decor, the place is modest, but well decorated with Korean antiques and cultural items.  It definitely feels like Korea town versus Center City.  The only con of this setup is that they like wood way too much with the entire place constructed of it.  This means the seats which are rock hard and always far away from the table.  You have to sit on the edge of your butt if you sit in the booth.  It kills your Gluteus maximus but to be honest once you get over it, you won't even realize it, especially one the food comes rolling in.
In summary -
PROS - Philly Korean at its best, best soft tofu in the area, fast service, good and efficient waitstaff, constant food, very affordable, nice atmosphere, family friendly
CONS - location is a little far and requires a car, limited English spoken by waitstaff, hard weird wooden seatsHands down the best soondubu in the city- my favorite is the kimchi! It's the only one that even comes close to my mom's in taste and authenticity.LOVE this place!  Nice dining room, tasty food.  My faves: bubbling mini cauldron of soondubu, the crepe and of course the kimchi!It has been my favorite Korean restaurant for the longest time and I have been to many. The place is so homey; the deco brings you the feeling of the era back in time. I love how rustic it is. The seating may not be the most comfortable because it's bench-like but it's very spacious. The menu is very limited compare to other Korean restaurants but i don't really mind for the fact that they do it right with the dishes they offer. I usually order the BBQ chicken and the soft tofu mushroom soup. I think I've tried almost all their soups but i always manage to go back to the simple mushroom one. It's so delicious, from the broth to the soft tofu and aroma of the shitake mushroom. The added bonus to ordering the soup would be the level of spiciness that you can choose from. I always go with medium because the "more spicy" is really overwhelming after a few spoonfuls and it's kind of hard to enjoy the true flavor of the broth when your month is burning.I'm a soondoobu junkie, so I leaped at the chance to go here when my parents were in town. Meh, truthfully I don't know what the hype is about... it's a good soup yea, but nowhere near the best I've ever had. The decor and service were both very excellent though!
This seems more like the place I'd bring my white friends to try some korean food than the place I run to when I'm craving a slice of home.Great food- clean and serene environment- Soon Du Bu is awesome  and spicy (how I ordered it).  The Pa Jeon ( pancake) was also delicious. Next up want to try the ribs. Loved all the small side dishes-fresh and really good.  Lots of food for really reasonable prices!!!!Mother's birthday dinner. Ordered mixed/combination soon dubu very spicy (5), scallion pancake (pajeon) and bibim nengmyun. Everything was great except for the bibim nengmyun. That's what I get for ordering a cold noodle dish at a soon dubu place. My sister, brother in law and my two nieces ordered the mushroom soon dubu in all different levels of spice. They go regularly. Father had the ssam. Very good. The birthday girl shared with me. You didn't think I could eat all of the above (see 2nd sentence) and have room for the delicious bonchon, too? Did you? No room for the nooroongji so we took it home with us. Looking forward to having some of that later! Wish I had some of their kkong cha to wash it down.When it's cold and windy outside, a hot, spicy tofu stew hits the spot. Just grab a few friends and share some funny stories, like you're sitting by a fire. We came here with a group of 7 (had to borrow my uncle's minivan to drive us all)!! We even shared a kalbi together and enjoyed all of our different soondubu flavors and spice levels. They seemed to have put less fillers like zucchini and carrots in it this time.I've been craving some soon du bu for quite a while now, and this place perfectly satisfied that craving. With the temperature dropping quickly, Jong Ka Jib is a perfectly cozy and delicious place to be.
I'm a baby when it comes to spiciness, so I got level 2 (range 1-5) for my tofu, which ended up being perfect for me. There are not a whole lot of sides, but the ones that are available are really good and plentiful. The staff is super friendly and accommodating as well.
My friends and I also split the Korean pancake, which was a good way to start off the meal. Basically, everything eaten that night was DELICIOUS and filling!Fantastic soft tofu place. My go-to for Korean soft tofu soup. Great appetizers as well.The food is very good and atmosphere is nice, but the service was sub-par at best. Took awhile to get "waited on" to order, get drinks, and check-out. Also make note that they do not take reservations and the place gets pretty crowded most nights, especially weekends. Lastly, I don't think they are big fans of honoring their BYOB policy. Brought a couple bottles of wine and soju on my last visit, but it took a few reminders and a lot of patience to get a wine opener. Then the opener was brought out, but no glasses. Then we got glasses for the wine, but not the soju. By the time we had everything we needed, most of us had finished up our meals. So we didn't even open the bottles. I would've even accepted little two ounce Dixie cups, but 'no dice'.
With that out of the way... the food is/was amazing. The hot pot dishes and soft tofu are very good. The sides are great to nibble on while you wait and add some nice flavors to your meal. Make sure to get a scallion pancake, or two... or eight. The prices are very reasonable and the quantity more than adequate. If they tighten up their service and get more efficient with their table seating, I would gladly bump this place up to 5 stars.The food is soooooo awesome! And entirely affordable! Really  one of the best Korean restaurants I've tried. Highly, highly recommend.One of my favorite restaurants in the city. The food is consistently delicious and inexpensive. Come hungry!If you are still drunk enough from the night before that a drive up Broad Street sound fun, and have a desire to skip the nasty hangover likely impending, Jong Ka Jib is the destination cure for you:
Inside this unassuming concrete building in the middle of residential East Oak Lane awaits a serene Korean paradise.  Walls paneled with scrolls of yellowed Korean text gently coax the soft white light from the frosted window shades to monastic booths of dark wood.  "Best of the Beethoven" hums quietly astride the silence.
Humbly, a woman places small bowls of condiments along the table, each a masterpiece in and of itself.  Kim chee, pickled bean sprouts, nori, daikon... One waits.
Then comes soon du bu: it arrives a steaming cauldron of bubbling decadence emitting a bouquet of aromatics one could only dream of.  Mine, seafood.  Prawns, squid, oysters.  Tender.  Crack the egg, swirl, and feel the warmth emanate .  Decanting the crystalline white rice into a bowl, one introduces warm water to the grain-caked clay.  Scrape.  Tea impending.  One scoop at a time, introduce rice to the wonderful pillow-y soul-warming world of soft tofu, chili, fish sauce, garlic........halcyon.
$10.  No tax.My mom visits this restaurant quite frequently so me and my wife decided to give it a try. And I ordered the dak tori tang which was $17.oo and my wife ordered the stone bowl bibimbap which was $15.00 and the side of kalbi which was pricey at $20.oo. However when we got out food I was impressed! The portion of Kalbi was great and it was delicious! Could have fed 3-4 people big thick glistening pieces of kalbi. The entrees were both delicious and my wife thought it was one of the best bibimbap she's had with lots of fresh ingredients and good amount of meat. The only thing I was not impressed with was the banchans which I though were kind of bland and mostly veggies and small amount of kimchee. It would be nice to have some potato salad or some small fish. However that will not deter me from coming again. The food, service was fantastic and even though a little on the pricier side they do not hold out on the portions so I will definitely be back again!Their tofu soups and sides are really good.  Stop on by and you'll be happy you did.Great food every time. I usually get the beef tofu with no spiciness (you can pick the amount of spice you want) and it's really great! Also, their short ribs are served sizzling and delicious. Plus, it's SUPER CHEAP!!! Great food at cheap prices? The only thing I wish is that it were closer to me!Enjoyed a traditional Korean lunch with delicious banchan. The menu was quite small & maybe I was expecting all the offerings of Seorobol, but I was disappointed in the choices. I had a good bibimbap & my companions loved their soft tofu stew & BBQ octopus. I'll definitely come again and order grilled meat.I love soft tofu soup! I get mine VERY SPICY! I usually get the clam soondoobu and if I'm with a larger group of people, I get the kalbi as well! With all the side dishes, I definitely get full off just the soup and rice. It's all a fair price too! You can't go wrong. The seafood pancake is also really good.Oh how I love Korean food. Lunch today was Hae Mool (seafood) Soon Du Bu, medium spicy (level 3). It was great, lots of food and cheap. Total bill including tax was $10.80. The stew came with 4 different types of Banchan and a raw egg. The boiling cauldron of soup cooks the egg. After the egg is cooked in the soup I remove the soft yolk part and eat the egg white. After the egg cooks, it is difficult to distinguish it from the soft tofu by looking at it. The stew was great, but I couldn't enjoy it as I was in a depressed mood. I look forward to dining @ Jong Ka Jib STR again.Kimchi soon da boo and bim bop is off the hook! Don't expect amazing service here but do expect mouth watering food!! Soo good!!!Great spot in the North Philly area. The restaurant is traditionally themed once you walk inside. The ahjummas and ajusshis are really nice and despite the slight language barrier, you should be again to order and enjoy your meal without any issues. 
The soft tofu is really good here and they serve rice in a stone pot. You have to quickly stir the rice and scoop it out before the rice gets stuck in the stone pot. Once you take the rice out and after you finish your meal, they will bring some hot water and pour it into the stone pot so that you can have this warm porridge type thing after your meal. Also, they serve hot rice tea that's really good and are only served at real korean placesThis place is as good as it gets, but I'm giving it 4 stars because the service is terrible. The waiters are rude and passive aggressive, two traits that I absolutely cannot tolerate in a restaurant setting.
The food, however, I would rate 5 stars. This is the best soondubu I have ever had; nothing compares to it. They come in 5 stages of spiciness too, so there's a flavor for everyone. The kalbi, pork, and seafood pancake are also delicious. My favorite thing about this restaurant, however, is the rice. It's cooked in a stone pot and the bottom is crunchy! I love this so much and this is the only restaurant I know that serves rice like this. I dream about this place all the time...it's cheap, it's delicious, it's filling...what more can one want from a restaurant? (Well...good service.)They specialize in soft tofu soup, and they're good at what they do. If you can't handle the heat, do yourself a favor and don't get the extremely spicy one. It'll just break your ego if you do.$9 for a great, filling AND healthy meal? SIGN ME UP! Oh and did I mention its BYOB?
It's great in the winter because it really warms you up.
You can order soft tofu stew/soup with beef, seafood, mushrooms, kimchi and pork, or you can mix all of them into one! They come in a variety of spicyness ranging from plain to so-spicy-that-the-stew-is-purple (careful of this one because it'll come out the way it looked when it went in). They come out in these clay pots and are still bubbling when it's brought to your table (this is the perfect time to drop in that raw egg they give you!). You also get a stone pot full of white rice to accompany the soup/stew. The korean side dishes are tasty too! The spicy cucumber really settles the hot temperature of the tofu soup. For the non tofu eaters, this place will make you into a tofu eater! If not, there's a few other dishes like Glass noodles, Korean short ribs and seafood pancakes, which are all tasty but not their specialty. Service is quick and if it's not attentive enough, there's a little call button (sounds like a door bell) on each table. There's a parking lot which, when packed is a pain. I usually (safely) make my own spot in the lot (yeap, I'm THAT gal) or I park in the street, which there is always plenty of. The waiters/tress' speak English, Korean and one of them even speaks Chinese! Awesome!This place is horrible. Bad service and the food quality is continually decreasing. We could not eat after what had happened. DISGUSTING!!Went there on Sunday noon with Steve S. He had sogogi soon dubu (beef) and I had seok eo  soon dubu (beef and seafood) He had his on little spicy (#2), and I had mine on middle spicy (#3). Their level of spiciness goes up to #5 - very spicy. We both can't handle too spicy -and we thought what we got was perfect.
Any order of their soon dubu cost $9. - no tax. Don't matter if you order beef, pork, seafood, or kimchi soon dubu, everything will still cost $9 each.
Their ban chan isn't really all that -but you're not there for their ban chan. You are there for their soon dubu. They do have food other than soon dubu though.
A very warm (HOT) meal at the perfect weather.
Oh right.. they have small buttons at the corner of the table to call the server. My friend thought that was pretty neat.
I have a feeling that I might be back here again very soon, with bigger party than 2 -especially since the weather keep get colder and colder.I have never tried authentic Korean cuisine, however, soondubu tofu here is AMAZING. service is great and they are quick. Price is very reasonable. Will definitely go back again and again.Updating my review, quality is back up to what it used to be. I prefer the soondubu here over the new dubu place around the corner.As much as I am not a huge fan of soup or tofu, this place is the jam. Comfort in a scorchingly hot bowl, and damn good banchan to boot. I am in.Awesome Soon du boo place for more than reasonable prices... My favorite soju hangover joint in philly!I remember I started coming here when a bowl of soft tofu was $6 that should tell you how long it is (10 years ago). I remember when there were 2 shrimps, 2 clams, and 4 oysters in the seafood beef soft tofu. I still come here after all these years because they have a monopoly on the soft tofu in Philadelphia. Yes, other Korean restaurant serves it but it's just not the same. Believe me, I've tried to find a substitute in the last 10 years because it takes me 45 min of driving to get to Jong Ka Jib for a fix. My gas alone cost more than now $10 a bowl of 1 shrimp, 1 clam, and 2 oyster bowl of soft tofu. 
But beggars can't be choosers.One of my favorite things to say as of late is "I'm craving something soupy", because like a unpregnant preganant woman Im constantly craving something soupy!!!!!! Why you ask? I surely have no idea.
Soon Du Bu is my absolute favorite Korean dish. Its a boiling clay pot full of spicy broth and various types of meat, seafood, egg and veggies (not all at once silly, you pick what you want inside!) and it's been curing my carvings biweekly.
Usually I get my fix at Hmart More Food Court, because it's $7 and thats cheaper than the $9 version here at Jong Ka Jib, but something tells me Hmart uses msg and this tofu house doesn't. I love this tofu house. The people are nice and everyone inside is Korean... except me when I dine there. The location on 5th might scare you a little when you see the partially crumbling building, but trust me the inside is what matters.
The rice here is special and traditional, cooked in a stone pot and crisp on the edges touching the bowl. Have you tried this before? You SHOULD.
Have I pitched this place enough? Please try it, but dont go when I do, I dont like waiting for a table :)Unbelievably great food accompanied with great service.  Tofu soups to die for plus so much more. Definitely a must go if you're a foodie.Omg soooooooooo good! So so good!! So so so so good. If you love Soondubu (I tried the kimchee one), you'll love it even more once you have it here. Ahhh, so good.If I had a car.. god knows that everyday during lunch, I would come here and sacrifice being late to class.
Today was my first time going with some friends, and my friend and i decided that we'd order 2 separate dishes but share.  so we had haemul soondubu & dwaeji galbi.
everything about this place was awesome ! and the pork was so good.. *mouthwatering*
and SURPRISINGLY, the price here is just about the same as in center city.. except the portions are big and the food is amazing.Don't know that much about Korean except from an inflight Air Korea meal and a food truck here or there. 
Wanted to choose some place in philly that was exotic and that would transport me to another place.  This was it.  The decor would be what I imagine S. Korea is like.  Packed with lots of locals, this place appeared to be as authentic as it gets.  First they bring the ban chan, 6 appetizer bowls before you order anything.  Most different vegetables, such as cabbage, peppers and bean sprouts with their own array of spices on each.  This place didn't seem like you should/could order an appetizer but we did.  We ask for what he recommended and said the pancake.  It was interesting; it turned out to contain squid and scallion. Not bad but was hoping for more flavor.
As for the entree we got the soft tofu w. Mushrooms.  It was served with rice boiling hot out of a cauldron.  I got the bi bim bop which was excellent.  Was hard pressed to get a bottle opener and water refills but nonetheless was an the most original transportive dining experience I've had in Philly.I've been here a few times now and everything I've eaten has been delicious.  Special honors going to the BBQ squid.  The vegetables that they bring out for an appetizer are a great touch; but be warned ... the egg is not hard boiled so absolutely under no circumstances should you tap it on your table in an attempt to peel it. I'll definitely go back,  and next time I'll be more careful with my egg.I'm a soft tofu addict, so Jong Ka Jib is the way to satisfy my craving.  They have a good variety of soft tofu to satisfy your hunger, from seafood, beef, pork and vegetarian and with many degrees of spiciness to choose from.
My usual is the hae mool (seafood) soon du bu, medium spicy, although I am definitely going to up the spiciness on my next visit here.  Always delicious and hits the spot.  I love how you are given the egg to add yourself, that way it is not over cooked when your food arrives.  They have a decent variety of banchan that they serve also.  They do also have BBQ dishes and such on the reverse side of the menu.
  I usually sit in the front room, so I'm not sure if their dining room in the back is much different.  Hopefully planning to find that out soon.This tofu place hits the spot but god damn... for about 10 bucks at least give me more than 3 slices of meat... shiettttttIf I could give this place 10 stars, I would. The food here is PHENOMENAL. I had their kimchi sundubu at least once a week when I lived in Philadelphia. Plus they do take out and give you bonchon to go as well! Portions are massive and can usually last me for two meals. Their service isn't great. And it's BYOB but you won't be getting wine glasses. You'll get regular water cups. But who cares when the food tastes so good?!?Soon du bu is perfect for a rainy day! It hits just the right spot. I got the oyster soon du bu and sadly there were only 4 pieces. This is a recurring thing all the times I have gone which is the only reason why the rating isn't 5 stars. Also, I love the Korean pancake here! I tried it at Seorabol and Cafe Soho before and at both establishments I barely touched it. I decided to try it one last time here and fell in love! Highly recommend it.Great tofu jigae. Worth the drive from the local walk about restaurants in Downtown Philly. Choose your own spice level and know you have the freedom to order everything from Squid, chicken, beef, veggies, etc.... The price for most anything is $10! Can't beat the price for the great food you get to enjoy! True authentic Korean restaurant. Yum yum!I thoroughly enjoy Korean food, especially at this establishment. I usually get the same thing every time, a Kim Chi Soondubu (Level 5 Spicy) for $10 and BBQ Beef Ribs for $17. We usually get just those two orders for two people and we're full by the end of our meal. Total cost comes out to be roughly $30 which is a great deal for great food! The sides are awesome as well and they aren't stingy about it. Probably the best Soondubu that you can find in the Philadelphia area.
Another great perk about this place is that it is BYOB!I was here during the beginning of the year but I still remember the soft tofu soup I ate. The staff was friendly and the menu was basic. I love tofu soup so I was hoping to find a good one. It was fairly priced and even had some Korean BBQ items. I got the mushroom tofu soup and it waas flavorful and really warms you up in the cold months. The free side dishes were yummy as well. I was disappointed afterwards when I was home though because I was constantly drinking water. There must have been a lot of MSG. Good soup should be flavorful without additives. I would give them another chance though.Still the best Korean within 50 miles at least.  I feel all warm and fuzzy just thinking about dinner there -- it's like stepping into a country inn near Kwangju without the flight and train ride.
Good(s):
Beef Soondubu - Spicy level 4 is just right.  Small chunks of beef contrast with the fragile soft tofu.
Chicken Doritang - Authentic from the smell to the look and taste.  A heart, spicy stew of chicken dark meat, peppers, potato.  Explosive flavor with the potato and chicken falling apart at the slightest touch of my chopsticks.
Banchan - Consistently good side dishes
My only regret is not finding this place before spending money on lesser establishments.The food was great and the place is cute but the man who greetes us was very rude. He didnt say hi or anything. Not a word. I didnt get a good vibe from that placeAwesome sundubu and pretty affordable prices. They all cost 12$. I tried both the seafood and the mushroom ones and they taste really home made. You can adjust the spiciness levels. The side dishes are also really good. We tried the fish cakes and they weee actually super good too- very fresh. Highly recommend this spot for their sundubu !!!The food is good but not great. I got the bibimbap in the stone pot which was tasty but it only had about two slice of beef in it. And the japchae was just ok I've had better. The service... Well I guess that's why there's a bell on the table. I would not go here again.We've been going here since forever. It becomes part of our family outing. The waiter name Kim is the most helpful, nice, and friendly person ever. We love seeing him. Their tofu and beef are the best. I've been to many other places but this is by far the best (yes I can say this all the time). Their rice is always cooked just right. The atmosphere is perfect. I don't have any complaint whatsoever. They're BYOB.great thick flavorful broth, better than any I've had in pennsylvania so far. very comparable to the ones I had in pal park new jersey. Until now, I've been disappointed with the offerings in philadelphia for soondubu. 
They also give you a full stone pot full of rice, egg, and tea to put in the pot after you are done with the egg. I'm not a fan of it, but i hear koreans love it.A great place for soon du bu (soft tofu stew) in Philadelphia.Wow. I really didn't expect philly to have good soon do boo (soft tofu soup). It is really, really good and tastes a LOT like my favorite spot (so gong dong in fort lee, nj). I was really impressed. Philly is not really known for great korean food, but this one is one of the best anywhere in the country - nyc, la, etc. They are always consistent as well.SO CLOSE TO BEING 5 STARS. If I could give a 4.5, I would but alas...
Came here the other night with three of my most adventurous eating friends. I was feeling homesick for some good Korean food. 
Now where I come from (LA) asian food is abundant and VERY VERY good. I cannot say the same about Philly. Most of the asian places I have been dragged to have been restaurants specializing in the art of fried meat and gloopy sauces with a side of bland fried. Yuck. I will say there is an exception for the very good Vietnamese fair in South Philly and of couse, Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu. 
The atmosphere is traditional Korean with hard wood benches, closed off dining rooms, and Korean folk art decorating the walls. 
I was pleasantly surprised by the authenticity and familiarity of all the flavors and dishes at Jong Ka Jib. They even use the same dishware as my favorite KBBQ restaurant back home! 
We all ordered the Sundubu Kimchi and got the BBQ Squid and Bulgogi to share. 
As for the banchan, the pickled cucumbers and daikon w/ soy sauce and jalapenos were definitely a favorite amongst our group while the kimchi left something to be desired. There was a sweetness to it that I am not used to... It also was not as spicy as the kimchi I usually eat. 
Our Sundubu arrived bubbling and boiling in their stone cauldrons accompanied by the rice also in a stone bowl. I immediately cracked an egg into mine and ladled the soup over top. (I like to let my egg poach in there to get a nice eggy surprise halfway through my meal!) One of my fellow diners chose to scramble the egg into her sundubu. Though apprehensive at first, she was sure glad she did it!
The bulgogi was great as was the BBQ squid, both dishes massive in size, the four of us were stuffed to the brim by the end of our meal.
In general I could have used a lot more spice in the meal, we ordered our sundubu medium because again, at home usually medium is a decent spice level. I was disappointed at how mild my sundubu was... next time we will definitely order "Spicy". That in addition to the odd kimchi is were the -1 star comes from. Oh well. 
Overall I really enjoyed my meal here and will be back again soon!!
Oh and PS:
It is a BYOB, and definitely good for a cheap date!Soft Tofu caught me off guard.  My mother took me here as a birthday surprise a few years ago, because she wanted to "do something different" I wasn't very excited when we drove 30 minutes from Doylestown to this kind of sus looking building....And then we sat down, in a nearly empty restaurant that vaguely reminded me of my grandparents' Byzantine church. I was being a brat.
We fumbled our way through the menu, and when the scallion pancake came out, all of my previous observations were erased. It was amazing. I'm not sure what the proper way to eat it is, but we went for all the toppings on the table. Quickly after, the main course came out. I like plain soft tofu with spicy. I've been back a handful of times since then. I even went there with my boyfriend on Valentines Day. This is how much I love Soft Tofu. Please try it.Was recommended by a friend. I love soondubu, and the last great place I've been for soondubu was in Parsippany NJ. I happened to be driving through the area, so I decided to stop by for lunch. The place had a few diners, but I was also early for lunch. There is ample parking in the lot on the side. I ordered the seafood pancake and the beef (very spicy) soondubu. Delicious!!!! It was a lot of food, but I really wanted to try them both. The seafood pancake was good. I enjoyed the sauce it comes with it more.. cause I tend to like a more crispier bite. The soondubu was just perfect how I like it. Usually order very spicy and it never is that spicy, but this was spicy! The banchan is your typical, but the bean sprouts stood out for me and had an enjoyable flavoring. 
Great place! Highly recommend!!I love this place! They always have great side dishes and best soondooboo around.  This place is better then any soft tofu places in ny or nj.Very authentic Korean tofu! Great value for money. Cozy and family style restaurant with  very basic service. Small plates of appetizer were really nice, I love the cucumber in particular!All I have to say is this place makes me happier than a pig in shit.  It really IS the best $8 you can spend and you leave feeling like you're going to explode (I do at least).  Only problem is...I can't stop eating when I'm here.  Who knew that tofu, rice and barely water will make one so happy?Delicious and large portions of various Korean stews with soft tofu (soon dubu jigae).  They have other stuff, including the classic pa jeon/scallion pancake, which looked good but we didn't order.  They also have a variety of other Korean classics, including nyangmeon/buckwheat noodles---my favorite!  I'll definitely be back in the summertime.
Served in enormous dolsots, with similarly enormous dolsots of rice.  (The crusty bits are DELICIOUS.)  Preceeded by six banchan: small appetizer plates.  Ours were a cabbage water kimchi, cucumber kimchi, mung bean sprouts, pickled daikon and chilli, wakame salad, and another i can't remember  None of these were outstanding, but none were bad.
I had a 4-spicy veggie soon dubu; my girlfriend had a 3-spicy kimchi soon dubu jigae.  We couldn't tell the difference in spice levels, though both were nicely spicy.
Why four stars?  This place is good, but overhyped.  Run of the mill banchan and good but not amazing soon dubu.  The tofu was melt-in-your-mouth soft, but the broth was bland.  Next time I'll get something more flavorful---clams, maybe?I absolutely love this place! My husband and I come here so often that he's getting tired of the food, but not me. I love their bbq beef short ribs served over a bed of white onions accompanied with a hot clay pot filled with white rice and all the condiments you can ask for.  Their tofu soup selection are amazing!! I get my soup extra spicy because, to me,  its adds more flavor. Its a great place for a party of 2-6, but when you go pass 10 people its hard for the place to accommodated you. We had a party of 15 for dinner after Thanksgiving and the staff was a little overwhelmed. Overall it was still good.I'm 4 months pregnant and was craving kimchee jeggae...I google searched Korean restaurants and this popped up as closest.
I was so pleasantly surprised at the whole experience.
The restaurant is clean with a tasteful decor, very open and airy. All of the staff were so friendly and welcoming of me and my toddler (not a common occurrence at most restaurants). He is very outgoing and sometimes surprises strangers with hugs. Did that today, and they just ate him up! All of the other staff asked for a hug too.
The kimchee jeggae hit the spot, and even my 3 year old (very picky) son enjoyed it! The small plates were nice, all pickled-ish, I usually like the egg one and the pastry one, but they were still tasty. 
The best part, for those who have young children, was the end. I needed to take my son into the restaurant before we left because he is potty training and, for that, hourly consistency is key. This is a frightful endeavor when out running errands; one never knows what they will encounter in a public restaurant, and it is usually not a pleasant experience.
This was. The bathroom was SPOTLESS, and smelled nice! (Nice bonus for a pregnant lady) But the best part: inside the stall was a small table that has a training seat on it! How thoughtful. Usually my son needs to prop himself up with his hands on the large seat, which makes me cringe every time. Not today! This is what I call kid friendly. Also, the bathroom has a changing table for the babies, which is in my experience uncommon amongst non-chain restaurants.
This place has great food and caters to the needs of moms with young kids. Wonderful experience, we will definitely return!What can i add? fantastic warm tofu soup, with great free appetizers and a much nicer ambience than i had expected.If I had to review this place on the soon du bu alone, this would be 5 stars. I'm not soft tofu expert, but I've tried a few other places and this place is the best I could find. You can choose from 5 different level of spicyness - from not spicy at all to really spicy. I stopped getting very spicy because it got to the point where it was so spicy I couldn't taste it no more. Each order is served with a raw egg for you to cook in your piping hot bowl and a stone bowl of rice. 
Not quite of a fan of their other dishes though and that's mainly why it's not 5 stars. Just a couple pointers on other food items:
- Most of their small dishes are good - especially the cucumbers! Those are my favorite!
- BBQ Squid is a good choice as well - grilled squid no significant taste or marinade
- Seafood pancake could be better if it was more crispy
- Galbi is cooked well and not burnt or anything but something about their marinade doesn't wow my taste buds
I like the interior for this place because it has a traditional feel to it. Service is usually pretty good, but when it gets busy it might be kind of hard to get some attention. Have no worries though, each table should have a service button for you to press if you need something. Also, parking can be a problem in their small lot (especially towards the front near the railings) when it's busy. If you have a problem with the lot, you can always park in the street. My last parting advice is to avoid the so called "dessert gum" that comes with the check! I don't know anyone that likes it.. probably because it taste like those mint toothpicks that you can find at some restaurants.Food is good. Wide variety of stuff on the menu. Service is good. Price is average korean. Cute interior.There's nothing better than soft tofu stew on a cold winter's day.  I suppose that's why I find myself coming here rather often from the months of December through March.  
For $10, the soft tofu here is definitely worth it.  With the rice, and the stew, and the sides (panchan), this place definitely fills me up every time I come here.  
There are 5 spice levels for the stew, with 3 being a medium.  Beware if you're not used to Korean spicy foods, as it can indeed get pretty hot.
The service is okay, but not great.  Sometimes they just seem annoyed if you ask for water or tea (though they'll provide it of course).  But that shouldn't deter you from making a trip over here.  I regularly drive here from Center City.Authentic!! No frills, casual and booth style set-up. We ordered a number of dishes, though my favorite was the spicy soft tofu soup level 5. Also included are an array of sides (kimchi, pickled vegetables, etc). Bring your own beer/wine and experience the best Korean food in PhillyProbably the best Korean food I've ever had in Korean.   (doenjang jjigae ) is the best!I had driven past this  stucco ( formerly Pepto pink now painted peach/beige)  building many times in the last  5 years  on my way to Soho Cafe to pick up Korean Fried Chicken.  The building  looked intriguing and full of secrets.   No windows and the words " SOFT TOFU  RESTAURANT".   My initial response was "Ugh!" a whole restaurant devoted to  tofu???!!!    Something  lingered in my head each time I passed by the lone building.  I   asked around and I read the other reviews about this place on YELP.  Finally, a few weeks ago I made the journey during rush hour to Jong Ka Jib with a friend. Upon going inside, the decor  resembled  a slightly medieval restaurant with low booths and masks on the walls.   This restaurant caters mostly to Koreans  which, to me  is a great sign.   I was determined to get the tofu soup/stew.   We ordered the seafood tofu soup/ stew and the spicy  chicken stir fry dish ( because another Yelper loved it).   Before the  dishes came,  8 tiny little plastic dishes  filled with various pickled  vegetables, kimchee, sauteed spinach  etc  were brought to us.   We  received huge  black foot stoneware bowls filled with rice and plastic  pitchers filled with water.   I had no idea what the hot water was for until I asked  a couple at the next table.    The water  helps scrapes off the last layer of rice  that  is glued onto the bowl like a barnacle.  This final layer of crispy  rice is "prized".  It is  crunchy and wonderful.  We took home left overs and had another  meal.   So  both dishes with 2 colas was $23  and fed two hungry people  two meals.     A REAL BARGAIN!  
This past week, I attempted to make my own Korean tofu stew.  It cost me  almost 3 times    for the ingredients and it  sucked ( I found the recipe online).   I will be  going  back to Jong Ka Jib  in the future.    Wonderful!Great Korean food at a great price. There may be somewhat of a language barrier, but the servers are attentive and will do their best to accommodate you. They specialize in soondubu (tofu stew), but we haven't gone wrong with any of the other items we've tried so far. Come here on a cold day when you need warming up.This place has the best tofu soup and best cucumber pickle.One of my favorite restaurants.  I would easily pay $20 for this $10 meal.  Soft tofu melts in your mouth with a spicy beef broth.  I still wish they had their raw octopus/squid side dish.  This is generally loved by all my Korean friends and everyone I bring here.