I admit I was pretty hard on Pistolas, but the service and food were horrible.
I went to the UYE cupcake/December/Jan birthday extravaganza right before Christmas. They had a really tasty Francoise Lambic that I wish I could have gotten more, except the cask ran out. Grr. The other beers were also very good, albeit expensive. The nachos I got were pretty dang tasty, with tons of chorizo and toppings on it. I think just about everyone who shared the order with me loved them. The burger I had was kinda a hockey puck though and it had a slightly off taste to it.
Casey our bartender was hilarious, entertaining, and quick with the tap. After he sang, I realized that he is infact the long lost 3rd member of Tenacious D. Seriously. 
The jukebox provided good tunes. The people I was with provided good times. It was nice to see old friends and meet new ones, including the truly lovely Valissa.
4 stars for beer and nachos
2 stars for food.I had a great time at Jose Pistolas. Their beer selection is top notch, as they have a wide variety of IPA's and Craft Brews on tap. Along with that they have a large selection of bottled beers.
The menu seemed limited to nachos and burrito's, but as a Mexican food lover it was right up my alley. I got the Sunrise Burrito and I have to say this was one of the best burrito's I have ever had. The burrito offered a lot of different tastes and tasted like the person who made it took time and effort rather then slapping something together.
The guacamole app was delicious as well. They offered two types of salsa as well as a mountain of chips. Overall a great little place if you are in the mood for mexicanHoly Guacamole! I mean that literally. Get the pistachio goat cheese guac, thank me later. I've been here twice now and am yet to be disappointed. The nachos (+chorizo) are amazing, but the chip to toppings ratio is a little off. We ended up ordering extra chips to get all the topping goodness. I've also had chicken tinga tacos, so flavorful! The queso and the tamarind chicken wings were just ok, stick with items above! 
If you're looking for something sweet go for the churros, mostly for the chocolate dipping sauce honestly. V good, especially if you save some tortilla chips and dip in the chocolate, for some nice sweet and salty action!
Don't forget a pitcher of margs for the table, or just yourself, no judgements.RIP BEST NACHOS IN THE WORLD.
Did you ever love Jose's? Enjoy the chilled atmosphere and amazing food? Then STAY AWAY! Just returned after they changed up management/chef. Here is a brief list of things that ruined this favorite spot.
1)               THEY CHANGED THE NACHOS                       
........... and give you SMALLER plates that cost MORE MONEY. And by changed I mean the only thing still the same are the chips! NO MORE PICKLED ONIONS, refried beans instead of black beans, LESS salsa, Gross cheese instead of the delicious feta it used to be (feta still barely sprinkled on it, but it's doused in generic white cheese). No more half or full size orders, they are just half size orders. Instead of being $7, its now $9, and any meat add on is $4 instead of $2 to $3.5. I CANNOT EXPRESS MY SADNESS AT LOSING THESE NACHOS. they were the best nachos in the world and now they are just overpriced bleh.
2) NO MORE TASTY VEGETARIAN OPTIONS! Jalepeno popper empanadas are a thing of the past! spicy vegan burrito? not spicy anymore, just a meh blend of soy chorizo with various grains. Best black bean burger at a restaurant, NOW GONE. what they do have a portobello anything because that is all vegetarians want to eat right?
3) Atmosphere changed to bro-house rude yelling people. Came in and even though the night was pretty slow, the upstairs was super loud. There was some kind of retro SEGA game night going on that took up the whole bar section and 6 seats in the seating area. Despite the fact that no one was playing the SEGA at the table,  i saw them TURN AWAY CUSTOMERS BECAUSE A SEGA WAS SITTING AT THIS TABLE FOR 6. WHAT HAPPENED?!!!!!!! Jose's used to be so amicable and nice, now its some bro-club you can't sit in to eat? WTF? annnnddd our waitress left for such long periods of time we actually had to go hunt her down to order and get out of there, because the other staff was distracted by fucking video games. 
4) Menu is now UBER EXPENSIVE! Guacamole OR salsa for $11-$14???!!! No wayy......  No cheap alternatives if you just want to chill with pals and snack. You will spend at least $12 if you want to eat anything with meat in it, $10 if you are an exclusively portobello eating vegetarian. Used to be able to split a meal between friends and save some $$$ but now the food is tiny, exotic named mediocre dishes.
THIS WAS MY FAVORITE TEX MEX............I AM NEVER RETURNING.
The new chef ruined all the charm and flavor in the menu, substituting it for over-priced fancy named generic items. 
Never thought this day would come when I am so disappointed in Jose's I am actually writing this bitter review of one of my all time favorite places. If you ever loved it, just abandon it. Remember the good times, don't go back. You'll just get your heart broken. 
I hearby strip you of the title of Best Nachos, adios old friend.I DON'T EVER write reviews/yelps etc... especially being in the service industry because none of us want to hear it. BUT I will tonight.  I would've privately emailed but didn't find an address...
In short:   food and drinks and accommodating a group of 7 girls for hh was absolutely great!!! BUT your server  that took care of us is AWFUL!!! We ordered pitchers and apps, super easy, we didn't even ask for refills of water.  We're a bunch of servers having a girls hh and your server felt the need to braid her hair in the midst of not clearing the piles of dirty app plates on our table!! On top of us not drinking or eating anymore because of HER service we asked for the check.  And she felt the need to add the 20% grat herself.  I'm sorry I thought 18% grat is the norm and would've left her more if she didn't take it upon herself to leave a tip that wasn't deserving!! DO I FILL IN MY OWN TIPS ON CC SLIPS?? Oh yeah and throw the cc book on the table at your customer???After a long day at work I just wanted a good beer and some decent food. Unfortunately I went to Jose Pistolas. 
I ordered the burrito platter, which came with rice and beans and a small side salad. I also got a La Fin Du Monde, which is an excellent Belgian style beer made in Canada. The beer was good. Sadly it was the high point of the night, aside from the smiles from the downstairs waitress and the beautiful ponytailed waitress from Montana(I hope your grandma gets better)
The rice and beans were not fully cooked. I hate crunchy rice bits and I had several. The beans were not fully cooked as well. Note to chef, soak the beans before you cook them. The salad wasn't bad, but it wasn't notable either. The burrito had nice chunks of pineapple and some nice cheese, but the meat was pretty flavorless and somehow they managed to get a lot more tortilla wrapped up in the burrito than filling. Also I didn't taste any jalapenos in it. The side verdes sauce was pretty bland and definitely not fresh. My guess is they made it up ahead of time from canned tomatillos and left it in the frig.
Compounding my annoyance at the lackluster food, I ran out of beer. I sat around waiting for the waiter. Then I had to find the bathroom. As previously mentioned the bathroom is upstairs. What they didn't mention is that there are no signs directing you to the bathroom. So I hunted around like a jackass for bathrooms. Finally I gave up and asked the bartender. I then hiked up the back entrance into the bathroom. Problem solved. 
Finally I got back to my table. No waiter. I sat around for another 3 minutes of the Lakers-Nuggets game, still no waiter. Finally I got up and took the bull by the horn. I ordered a Troegs from the bartender. He actually was very nice and apologized for the lack of service and comped me the beer. I went back to my table and started sipping some Troegs. It was then that I saw something dart around out of the corner of my eye. I looked over and saw a mouse skittering across the floor. I thought for sure my tired eyes were deceiving me. Sure enough though, about 2 minutes later I clearly saw it scamper across the floor again. I told the bartender, and he apologized, but that was about it. The waiter said something lame about sharing a wall with other establishments(ie. McGlincheys).
At this point, I just wanted my check. Unfortunately I had to wait for the waiter. Usually, the waiter is supposed to wait on you. How annoying. The waiter did apologize when he rang me up. I can't tell whether the lack of service was due to inadequate staffing or he cared more about the big table on the main floor. The cynic in me thinks the latter. 
No mas Pistolas. Or should I say, no mouse Pistolas.Terrible service. The server came to the table three times in the first two minutes while we were still getting settled. Then he never returned to take our order. When we asked for chips and salsa which we expect to be complimentary like every normal tex-mex place, we get a huge platter with guacamole, two salsas and chips that is a starter. When I explained that we just wanted the houses chips and salsa, he looked at me like I was crazy. 
The server was basically watching the Phillies game at the bar the whole night and barely said two words to us. He never replaced our blown out candle. We had to ask for plates and napkins. He gave us an attitude when I asked to keep the chips on the table. Then he didn't take the plates from the table once we were done. We asked three times for a bag to take our leftovers, but the bag never came. 
The bathroom was not very clean. One of the bathrooms had no light. The whole experience was ruined by the service which is a shame because I actually thought the carne burrito was quite good but I'm definitely never going back.First time I've been here in a while!! Came in with co-workers for happy hour on a Thursday. When we first came in it wasn't crowded, we were seated quickly and our server got our drinks started. By the time we left it was PACKED. 
Happy Hour menu is good for drinks. We got a pitcher of marga for $13!! And it was good!! Unfortunately there was no food HH special, so be prepared for full price food. 
Bathrooms are on the second floor... not the nicest... so be prepared. 
Overall, I'd come back for HH again. Not sure if I'd do a full meal though.Stopped by on a weeknight.  A local Mexican place had too long of a wait time, so, Joe was a perfect alternative.  Great beer and super carnitas burrito!  Service was prompt as well.  Second bar upstairs. Friendly staff and good, though younger, crowd.  
I will never wait in line at the local competitor again when I can go to Joe's . 4 stars cause the ambiance is lacking a bit (think narrower/ two level City row.).  Overall, a great place for good Mexican food and drinks.I am a sucker for any place with a great beer list. I don't know if you could be disappointed, it is pretty diverse...  and awesome. I have had some good dishes here as well. The Bells BBQ wings were pretty tasty and large. Chicken tortilla soup is huge and was fresh and bountiful-not just broth. Definitely will be coming here more often.This review is based solely on the nachos, which are absolutely life changing. It's possible I'll write five different reviews about the nachos alone
I think they must make the nachos in two layers, then STACK the layers on top of each other, which is so genius because you avoid the whole issue of dry chips on the bottom. You can choose any of the "taco land proteins" which include spicy pork, steak, pork belly, chicken tinga, and even portobello mushroom. We got the spicy pork and it was incredible. The nachos are made with real cheese vs. sauce and have pickled onions + an extra sprinkling of cotija on top. Also the chips are thick and wonderful. Every element was just executed so well. 
 Our waitress was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the beers. Honestly though, I was so focused on the nachos that I don't even really know. The rest of the place is pretty small, nothing great or bad to say about it. This could be Dave Matthews' personal home and I'd still go weekly for nachos.Great bar, average food.
Not a huge fan of Mexican in general but I love guacamole. Jose Pistolas definitely delivered on that front. At first glance the guac looks like it came out of a bag but the texture and chunks of avocado inside set the record straight. The chips were a bit too salty for my taste, but served their purpose as shovels for the salsa.
I ordered the shrimp tacos and my boyfriend ordered the burrito. He was in love with the Sunrise(?) and proclaimed it one of the best burritos he ever tasted. My shrimp tacos were OK. A plus was the juicy shrimp and the guacamole paste on the tortillas. The downfall was the authentic, corn tortillas they were served on. I was expecting Tex-Mex and got more of an authentic taco dish. I know, it's a really weird complaint for a Mexican restaurant lol.
I ordered some kind of Framboise beer that was literally liquified raspberries. It served as a boozy beverage and dessert for me. Their beer selections was pretty impressive and the space was pretty cool. I stayed on the first floor but it looked like there were an additional couple of floors for dining and drinking.
Jose Pistolas might not be the best for a first date as the music is loud and the service is just OK but if you're an old couple that doesn't need to listen to each other yap or if you're with a group of friends looking to have a few good beers and some tasty apps this is definitely a place to go!Korean short rib tacos. Do it!
Hit this spot up everytime I am in Philly.I've been to Jose Pistolas twice now and am happy to admit that I am a fan, finally. I visited nearly a year ago and enjoyed a couple of their famed margaritas but had to deal with a standoff-ish waiter. Not cool.
My second experience, this past week, was much MUCH better. I really wanted to like this place, and I'm glad to say that I now do. I sat at the upstairs bar with a friend (I highly recommend the upstairs bar as it is romantically lit and well air conditioned) and indulged in $15 Happy Hour Margarita pitchers. They were great! My $11 Chicken Burrito was as good as I had hoped it to be, too. Like I said, I've had mixed experiences but WILL be back to Jose's. I think the key is to avoid going when it's even slightly crowded. Definitely check out Happy Hour during the week for some decent drink deals and a less crowded vibe. I'll be back.I have been in hear a few times and each time I laugh harder, drink more, and eat better food! 
Each bartender is great and brings there own charm and humor to the place. They each have a great knowledge of the beer they are carrying and are always willing to entertain! 
I went here because I had a random friday off from work and Stone brewery was having a lunch there. We had the beef brisket sandwich, each time I go here I get this sandwich and each time it gets better and better. tender brisket with an onion ring in the sandwich and some amazing sauce that I cant quite put my finger on. We also got the enchiladas which were cheesy and wonderful and had a fried egg on them which was different for me but added some different texture to the dish and was soooooo delicious. I love the relaxed atmosphere on this place and cant wait to go back againThis is like your run of the mill Tex Mex place. It kinda reminds me of a privately owned Chili's kind of joint but with one thing separating it from the chains:
A pretty solid tap beer selection!
This review is on just the beer, sitting at the bar. I have never eaten here nor at a table so I can not comment on that.
As far as the service at the bar goes it was very attentive. The bartender was a pretty nice dude. He had the mets game on the tube and was very accommodating on letting me try different beers.
I went with an Allagash White, which is similar to blue moon or hoegardeen. It is a Belgian white wheat beer which I find very refreshing and one of the best representative of the style, waaaaaaaay better then blue moon!!! Def worth a try if u see on tap and like that style of beer. It is also a great starter beer!!!
Anyway I found that it tasted clean and fresh, meaning the taps are kept clean. My friend went with an oatmeal stout which he commented tasted good but tasted weak, no fault of the bar lol.
As far as environment goes, I really liked Music playlist which was playing. Mostly late 80s and early 90s hip hop. Awesome if you are into old school hip hop and not the commercial garbage playing over the airwaves today.
The crowd seemed to be a mix of grad students that live in the area that go to the various Universities in the area.
All in all a decent crowd, a decent vibe at the bar, cool music and great beer. All in all a chill experience. I doubt I would come here to eat but def would come back for a beer if I am ever in the area.We were really in the mood for margaritas on St. Patty's day so in nontraditional fashion, we decided to check out Jose Pistola's! The margaritas were good and they come by the pitcher during happy hour. We all ordered different tacos on the menu and they were loved by all. The waitress even convinced us we needed to have their churros for dessert. The churros came with chocolate on the side, but personally I'm a fan of coco leche with my churros. This dessert would be even more decadent with more dipping options. The restaurant was pretty packed for the holiday so our service wasn't super speedy, but our waitress was kind. We had to call her over a couple times for some refills to make the most of happy hour. I'll be back to Jose Pistola's because the food and the drinks are good but it was wicked loud in there and you had to yell to hear the person across from you. It's also pretty dark inside. Not dim, but dark. This will be nice to go back to during the winter months but I'll want to be somewhere brighter and more open during the hot summer and not feel so packed.First things first... this place is sketch-yyyyyy when you walk inside.  I'm like, all timid and shy, "Where's the restroom?"  He was like, "It's on the third floor."  I'm like, "Oh, mmm... hehe, nevermind."
Okay, so now to the food... it was actually quite delicious.  The tacos were really big.  I didn't expect them to fill me up but they were plentiful.  My only qualm?  I had to *spit* out three pieces of bone.  I don't eat chicken on the bone... and I don't want bone in my chicken.  My companion got the chicken nachos and he had the same problem.  
I'm willing to give ol' Jose another try but he'd better keep that bone out of my food.  Maybe I'll just stick to the veggie options next time.Amazing beer selection and the bartenders know their stuff. Good, full atmosphere when I went here on Tuesday night, which is atypical mid-week for most bars in this area. Really sad they changed their menu awhile back - I miss the fried pickles!This place isn't even first level wheelchair accessible. I hear nothing but great things about the food and would love to add it to my list of places to frequent. I live nextdoor to this place and have realized that it is one of the only places on S 15th that isn't wheelchair accessible. There used to be a breezeway that protrudes in the sidwalk. That was knocked down last week, freeing up the sidewalk, yet they didn't ramp the entrance even though there is room. In a neighborhood full of accessible entrances it is a shame that even after time spent on exterior changes, they remain inaccessible.I wouldn't say this is very authentic Mexican, but it is definitely very good. We ate on the deck which had a very cool atmosphere, high top tables, hanging lights, plants everywhere. My favorite part by far were the drinks.. MASSIVE mojitos made with fresh ingredients. Jose Pistolas is unique and great for a change of paceBeen here before and enjoyed it, which is why we went back. However, our second experience was not so good. The guacamole was standard, nothing fancy or exciting, especially for a mexican place. We both ordered fish tacos - one with catfish and one with red tail bass. The catfish was great, but the bass tasted especially fishy - always a warning sign with seafood. When we told the waitress and ordered something else, she seemed to take it personally. She then walked to the bar, told everyone there, and they proceeded to discuss it loudly, saying, "it's fish tacos. It's supposed to taste like fish." PS - one of us is married to a legit fisherman, so we might know what we're talking about. For the rest of the meal, the waitress alternated between ignoring us and being straight up rude. When we thanked her at the end of the meal, her response was "Yep." Seriously, we never review stuff like this, but the fact that everyone was sooo angry that someone would dare return a menu item that they admittedly had just debuted that week was in pretty poor taste. And talking about it in front of the customers was unprofessional. We also want to note that we were, in our opinion, incredibly nice and polite the entire time, even after having to return the food and listen to them blasting us for it. Also, re: bathrooms on the third floor. It was a Sunday afternoon, so the upstairs bar wasn't open yet, but having to literally step over two huge garbage bags on my way there was gross.One word: DEEELISH.
Jose Pistolas has everything I look for in a Mexican restaurant.. rich flavor and a good mix between authentic Mexican food with an American flair.I came here with a huge group of friends.. the waitress was a little overwhelmed.. but the ambiance is better for a group setting then a more intimate meal. I had the half order of nachos (and a half order is DEFINITELY enough as a meal for one person or as an appetizer for two) and the veggie quesadillas which I shared with a friend. They were both really amazing! 
My only reasons for 4 vs 5 stars are
1. The food is not very spicy for mexican food and the only "hot sauce" option is Chalula
2. The room is VERY VERY dark.. kind of a grugy feel since the eating area is past the bar entrance
3. No free chips and salsa! 
Overall I would recommended this place for a causal meal when you're craving mexican!Have to update on the awesomeness I experienced on my 2nd visit back here. After searching all over for the best place to host my husband's surprise 30th bash, I ended up picking this place because I knew it was tex-mex food, which he loves, and I figured it was laid-back and reasonably priced enough to not be over-the-top for his friends who would be attending. Our waitress, who's name I can't seem to recall now (Victoria, I think?) was phenomenal in accomodating our party. She was speedy in getting the downstairs space of the bar ready for our bday crew before my husband arrived for the surprise. She was very attentive in taking drink and food orders for our party even though we were all over the place.  She took care of storing away the birthday cupcakes I brought to the bar, and reminded me to bring them out after dinner when I was too drunk to remember.  It was a perfect scene for my husband's bday bash, thanks jose p!I would say their bar food is very decent. I actually enjoyed their taco and nachos very much. I am not huge fan of bar food- normal greasy and very salty for me. However couple of friends recommended this place for Mexican snack and I can't agree more. 
Nachos were so yummy!! Crispy and I liked their topping. Not soggy and just perfect combination of bean, veggies and cheese!
Tacos were decent as well however I think nacho was the winner.  
Definitely going back for some snack.I've been to Jose Pistolas a few times now for happy hour. They have decent happy hour specials (especially the margarita pitchers!) The service was solid and I think the nachos are delicious.  It's a great casual meeting spot. They've always got the game on too!Great little place. A definite diamond in the rough. Not a huge menu but really good food and the nachos are huge and home made. Also an excellent beer select by the bottle and tap.I only had drinks and churro when I went here but I highly recommend both! The drink cocktail menu was great! (I'm a prettty big fan of cocktails though). I like how you can mix all the margarita flavors, so I got a pomegranate guava margarita which was great! But I highly highly recommend the pomegranate mojito! It was refreshing and not too sweet, and maybe even better than the Margs. 
The churros were just ok. It kinda seemed like they were bought in the frozen section of a grocery store, but the chocolate dipping sauce really made it better. Probably wouldn't have ordered it if I wasn't really into getting dessert.I had the best service I have ever had in my entire life at Jose Pistolas by my server Kisa (the one with pink hair). She's absolutely amazing. I've sat at her table probably three times now and every time she's great. When I have a bad day my go to now will be Jose Pistolas mainly because of Kisa, and the amazing food of course!I have been here many many times over the years. I wouldn't say I go there enough to be considered a regular, but I certainly go enough to where the bartenders recognize me. My friends and I arrived and were told by the hostess that it would be 15-20 min wait. No big deal, it's Friday night. So we ordered some drinks at the bar and we were shown to our table. After we were seated, it took about 10 mins for the server to even come over and tell us the food specials. I was getting ready to leave, so I didn't order any food and my three other friends ordered 2 appetizers for the 3 of them. This is where the issue happened. The server was clearly not happy about the small order and said "hey guy, we have a wait for the tables right now and you are only ordering 2 items for 4 people". 
My friends that we're staying are good tippers and said to me as I left that they would have compensated him for the small bill. The server was incredibly rude and he never should have said that. I'm not sure if he was having a bad day or what, but you don't say those things to your customers. 
I am only posting this because I hope the manager and/or owner sees this and says something to the server that was on tonight on the first floor. I still love Pistola's and their nachos are still the best in the city. One bad experience won't stop me from going back or recommending it to people.I'm beginning to have serious issues with bars here and their insistence upon serving food.  Why bother?  People can eat somewhere else.  Don't bother us with your $8.50 disgusting pair of steak tacos that I can guarantee were not sustainably raised.  Like, just dole out the booze and don't embarrass yourself.  
That said, Casey is the sweetness as far as bartenders go, and how can you not fall in love with someone who's in a band called WELCOME TO MY FACE.  Possibly the best band name ever.  I'd go back just to ruminate on that while watching him rock out to EVERY. SINGLE. SONG!With three four-seaters open, I was told I had to wait for a two-seater to open. The bar was full, so I couldn't sit down. 
The decor was nice. As I noticed all tables that could be separated, I grew to appreciate the skull hanging above the bar. Very authentic. I even grew to feel empathetic for it: slowly dying of hunger and thirst, left to be gawked at by intoxicated patrons wondering why I'm there. Just there. Waiting. Watching. 
A strand of Christmas lights was out. Even more authentic. I felt like I was in solidarity with those lights: dejected, noticed but not acknowledged. 
Finally, I asked the hostess if she could split one of the tables for me--you know, capitalizing on the paying customer that actually is there instead of the one that may or may not come in--she said they couldn't.I'm going to make this one simple.  This place is an old standby for me and margarita friends.
Margaritas (1/2 price at HH)
Nachos (a meal for two in itself)
Fish Tacos
Yum.Awesome spot cool vibe. Bathrooms on third floor in case you need to know. Great beer and food looks good although didn't have it.I went to Jose Pistola's with a good friend of mine on a Friday night around 8. It was completely packed, there was only one table for two available, and we seated ourselves upstairs - which is apparently what you're supposed to do (we asked a bartender). I checked their website before visiting to see what their draft options were and had my heart set on a Houblon Chouffe, only to arrive and see that the entire list was different. I chose the La Rulles Tripel, and of course it was delicious. There are also no prices printed next to the drafts, mine ended up being $8 (I still would've gotten it if I'd've known that though). My friend and I split a half order of nachos with guacamole - trust me, this is enough food for 2 to split as an app. Satisfactory nachos. I ordered the tempura fried grouper tacos with spicy mayo. Spicy mayo? Tempura? I'm sold. They were $9 for two tacos and I think that it was a fair price for the size, quality, and tastiness. I really enjoyed those tacos! The music was a little loud, and I guess it was reggae, and it seemed as though the same song played over and over from the time we got there and the time we left. The crowd is a good crowd. Food was tasty for sure. Beer is a lovely selection. I'll definitely be back, probably during the week or for brunch!This place offers one of the best nachos I've had with spicy pork on top. Margaritas here are delicious and everything is at a reasonable price. There's an upstairs and downstairs.  Downstairs is like a sauna in the summer tho, so I usually choose to go upstairs. Also must try their sopes.First time in Philly....and the bouncer Ethan was so amazing! Thd bartenders Dick and Pete were so welcoming!!I've been coming to Jose Pistolas for years now and you know what?  I like it.  
Despite being across the street from disgusting chain, Fox and Hound, Jose Pistolas serves up some tasty tacos and pico de gallo.  
Although I much prefer this place for happy hour and bar nibbles, I've been for dinner a few times.  The burritos are huge and well worth the money.  The tacos are delish, especially the pork belly.  But, you only get two, which is an okay portion, but not if you're extremely hungry - be sure to get an appetizer if you are.
I've always been happy with the beer selection and service.  The only thing I'd change is the music - turn it down!  When I go somewhere to eat, I'd like to be able to converse with my table, not yell at them.  
If you're looking for somewhere fancy, this place ain't it.  But if you want a chill atmosphere, some cold beer and perhaps some nachos after a hard day's work, this is your place.They've got a new chef, and the chef has kept the staple menu items. Not only that, the new chef has some pretty imaginative new specials!
I've always been a fan of Jose Pistola's. Ordered grouper tacos, which are my fav on the menu. They were more awesome than usual this time around, every flavor in them was delicious. I have to say, if they made the price $13, I'd pay it for 3 tacos, instead of $9.50 for two. 
The beer selection has been better, this recent night must have just been an off-night.
Then we tried something off the specials menu: the spicy tuna guacamole. Maybe not the most appetizing name, but certainly appetizing in taste! And that's what matters, am I right? I was super happy with this app. I love sesame seeds and I love spicy tuna...and of course, like every other human, I love guacamole. 
I'll be back more often, thanks for reminding me how delightful your food is!We came here after drinks for Veterans Day. I wasn't too hungry so I got the bacon guac. It was delicious and perfectly flavored , with large pieces of bacon on top. Although, for the price , I would expect more guac. They also have a pretty interesting drafts - I chose a melon gouse , which was delicious. Everyone else in my party enjoyed their food. Fast service .Ok, so I'm from Dallas born and raised. I thought coming to Philly would be a bad experience but I was wrong. This place is greatness. The servers and bartenders are super friendly, especially for newcomers and first timers. The nachos w/ carnitas are fabulous. Margaritas are delicious and potent.I was taken to this place by a friend. I've never heard of this place I was suggested in going there.
I ordered the Sunrise Burrito, more or less it was a breakfast burrito. But I ordered it with a vegan chorizo. I guess it was my fault there because it had the consistency of 3 day old re-fried beans. Just tacky, sticky, clumpy mess. If that was taken out of the burrito, it would have been a great breakfast burrito. Filling, but I couldn't get over the vegan chorizo.
The fried pickles we ok. Not as good as El CaminoMexican bar for gringos. The food is surprisingly really good. Borders between authentic and tex-mex, but overal good. Tacos, sopes, and burritos are good. 
For brunch check out their breakfast burrito, huevos rancheros, and breakfast tacos.Tasty food and a great beer selection.
I've been here a few times and most recently was to meet some friends and watch a flyers playoff game.  It was good Friday so fish tacos were on the menu.  I went with the mahi tacos and they were pretty great.  I prefer my fish broiled, grilled or sauteed when inside a taco and that's how these were served.  Corn tortillas, a squeeze of lime and I'm a happy man.  Jose Pistola's delivered.
Awesome beer list and the only thing they were out of was the Smooth Hoperator.  I had the Bell's Pale Ale and the Yards Love Stout instead.
The place was packed and the service was very good.  They even let us move the table when more people showed up to our party.  Most places aren't that accommodating.
I'll be back here.I had dinner here last night and this place is a shitshow.  There was a wait so we tried to order drinks with the bartender.  1 bartender for the whole bar and all the tables I think.  She also was really concerned with personal convos with regulars and didn't really pay attention so I didn't get my cocktail.  That was strike 1 and 2.  Give me my booze or give me death.  After we sat down our server took 10 minutes to greet us, there was a loud table near us screaming back and forth at each other - wasted out of their minds at 10pm, I couldn't hear my husband across the table.  And some dude stuck his ass in my husbands back when he was bending over to pay his tab.  Have mercy.  I felt like I was a dive bar without the five bar prices.  I won't be back any time soon.Might be my favorite restaurant in Philly. Spicy tuna guacamole is one of my favorite things on the planet. The catfish po' boy tacos are perfection. Great beer list, and they have Allagash White on tap, one of my favorite beers.The more you frequent this place, the more you come to realize this place personifies the owner; fun-loving, an interest in quality food at reasonable prices, and a true care for the beer that is served. The beer list is ever changing with great seasonal selections from all over the country. The menu continues to evolve and test the limits. This past weekend I had the pleasure of trying the pomegranate mango guacamole- it was a revelation. In addition to that, the Kobe rib tacos were excellent.  Rebecca was a thorough and knowledgable server to top off the experience. 
Their happy hour specials always peak the interest of the average bar-goer if you follow them on social media and the nachos are a staple... and for great reason.My first time here I ordered the salmon tacos and a pitcher of mango margaritas with some friends. I loved everything about this place especially the bar upstairs. Very hipster you professional vibe. I wasn't over joyed with the tuna ceviche but it was still decent. I wish there was more.. Other than that it was a nice last min tripAwesome burritos and definitely worth the trip. My friends and I have tried the carnitas al pastor burrito, sunrise burrito and portabellorito, and really enjoyed it. The pear cider ale is also very good--- light and refreshing. 
Only down side for me is that the atmosphere is a little too dark and loud-- I don't enjoying shouting to my friends sitting next to me.Ever since I turned 21, Jose Pistolas is one of my favorite places to pass the time with some good tunes and beers. Especially when they have Doc's Pear Cider, yum...
Bartender Casey always makes the nights he's there very enjoyable and especially fun.
The food... always top notch. It's hard to pick a favorite thing of mine! The guacamole is some of the best in the city, the brisket just melts in your mouth, and you can't go wrong with their soft tacos.
Tonight I tried their Mac & Cheese special (which inclined me to finally write up a review). The spiral noodles alone won me over... But the cheese was nice and mild, a perfect thick, creamy cheese sauce. Then the bread crumbs had an awesome kick of jalapeno flavor. I thought El Camino had this recipe down, but boy was I wrong!
Can't wait for my next trip back to enjoy some yummy food, great drinks, and amazingly friendly service.
Thank you Jose Pistolas!Brunch is a great way to start your weekend.  I highly recommend the Chilaquiles Verdez and the Churros.Cool spot to grab a bite to eat and wash it down with some quality beers. The nachos here are legit and deserve special mention.Cool bar. I came here on a Tuesday night to grab a drink. I sat at the bar with a friend and we loved the atmosphere. I looked at their menu and want to come back to try there food. I heard the nachos were awesome and definitely something to share. I also heard that the tacos are pretty good here. I will have to come back and write another review on the food. 
The bathrooms are also on the 3rd floor. For some people this may be an inconvenience but I did not see anything wrong with it.Love this Place, great beers and philly-mex, wish  they would bring back theh quesdillas though, super delicious and filling...where did they go?I have eaten appetizers and drank here in the past. However, a few friends and i came here for dinner on a saturday night two weeks ago and my friend got SEVERE FOOD POISONING from a hamburger. She noticed it didn't taste right yet ate half of the burger anyway. 2 hours later she was throwing up to the point where I almost took her to the hospital.  
If you order a hamburger and it doesn't taste right, don't eat it!!Tuna tacos, they're adorable. Double your order if you're actually hungy. Left here, then went somewhere for lunch.Close to home, great beer selection and Mexican food...what more could I ask for? 
I might have been one of the few people sad to see Copa Too go.  I loved it there, grimy as it was, for so many reasons.  I had been going there for years, so there were the memories but then there were the burgers and margaritas too!  Delish.  
But, this isn't a Copa review.  
Jose Pistolas definitely made up for the loss.  I love that the servers are helpful with beer info and I love love love the fish tacos.  
Other things to try - nachos (so good), any of the burritos and you can't go wrong with a quesadilla.  
My next visit will definitely lead me to my favorite Pistola's Fish Tacos and hopefully a new beer I have yet to try!This was the first time I had good service. Our waiter Alex was polite and kept the refills coming. Every time I've been here before I had no clue who my server was or when I would get my next drink. Jose Pistolas has totally redeemed itself and also try the short rib on the nachos. Melt in your mouth good. However, R.I.P black bean burger.AWESOME NACHOS. Gigantic, delicious, and did I say gigantic? I get the half order and can't even come close to finishing them. Not your typical nacho's though, the pickled onions and jalapenos give it a unique flavor. Great beer I hear. Decent margaritas. The jalapeno popper empanadas are supposed to be heavenly as well. Kinda pricey, but always good food. I have had a few times that it was very difficult to get served though because it is seat yourself and gets pretty packed. All in all, a nice spot for tasty and unique flavors and beer.So a fun story.  Had just moved into the city and my roommate made some spare keys for the apartment.  I took one in my armband and ran along chestnut and walnut at night since it's pretty well lit and even has cops on the roads by the historic spots.  Well, after about 4 miles I ran back to our place to finish.  Turns out the spare key won't let me in the front door, and my phone died during my run as I had pandora playing.  It's also near midnight on a week day, so the idea of trying to pound on the door or yell for the roommate wasn't going to work.  I ran to a few bars looking for a phone charger, but only Jose pistola's was able to help... Even though I was in running clothes that I had sweat into.  Luckily I had a credit card on me, so I waited for my phone to charge so I could call the roommate, while enjoying a dirty martini right after my run, like any good runner should!  Excellent martini, more than friendly staff, and no problem charging my phone w a come as you are attitude.  Also found out that on Wed or Thurs upstairs is live music.  Note, bathrooms are on the third floor.I have given this place a shot a few times and each time it fails, mainly in the marg department. The margaritas are basically sour mix with cheap tequila thrown in there and if you get a flavored one they are clawingly sweet. The nachos are decent but not good enough to grant my return to Jose pistolas. Also their bathrooms are 3 flights of stairs up-something I don't wanna do after a couple of margs..WOW!! Fucking morons! I'm sorry but I was wearing high heels & it's my first time in Philly...didn't realize I was gonna be walking that much & my shoes got little uncomfortable after 30min of walking. The door guy said I was too drunk to get in BECAUSE I was uncomfortable in my shoes? WTF? Seriously you illiterate inconsiderate piece of ^%#*? Sorry i didn't know the only way to get in was to wear flats!! So fucking dumb & rude! I was sober & asked the guy to do a sobriety test but sure enough they're not smart enough to do that. What a waste of life!! Never again!This place has an interesting menu, which was a nice surprise. The infusion of Korean and Mexican cuisine was really delicious in the dishes I've sampled (Spicy Pork or Korean Rib Tacos...delicious)! Additionally, their margaritas are some of the best I've had. Guava Margarita Pitchers...all I have to say!I ordered chicken nachos to-go and I will not make that mistake again. The chicken was way too salty and the chips were super oily. To top it off, my bill was about 17$ and I didn't even get guac. 
Only coming back here for drinks in the future.I hate to give this place a great review because I don't want to start finding this hidden gem slammed, but I have to give it what it deserves.  This is a great neighborhood place.  The mexican food is great. Additionally, I think the real hidden treat comes in their non-mexican options.  Seriously!  The burger is out of this wold and the buffalo wings second to none.After horrible service at Monk's, we left and came here for lunch. Great beer selection, great service, great food.... Just an all around friendly, welcoming, fun place. Love it here!I'm actually disappointed in my recent trips to Jose Pistola's. The food is still good, but something has changed.
They got rid of the short rib option for nachos. Total mistake. No other meat on nachos has been as good! Also, I feel like there is less cheese and somehow the nachos are more oily.
I'm also not in love with the soggy sopas.
The tacos are still good and I really like the steamed buns.
I still like Jose Pistola's, just have less of a reason to go.I went to this bar with my bf for some quick late food and drinks. At first i wasn't expecting too much as we had to sit upstairs because it was too crowded (on a Sunday night). However, our bartender was great as he really took the time to explain  the menu and suggested some of his favorites plates. His suggestions were great and I was impressed with the margaritas. After that night we became regulars. thumbs up!! 
I highly recommend the chorizo quesadillas and the gigantic plate of nachos.I wish I could give a 4.5.  
Cool, hip, trendy bar scene with great food and beer.  Full bar downstairs AND upstairs.  The upstairs bar is actually bigger, with alot more dining room tables also.  
I love the beer selection, always changing their kegs to rotate tap selections.  Also good with keeping up with seasonal beers on tap!  Mad Elf, yes!  They also had some good pumpkins over October. 
The NACHOS are the BEST, you must order them!  I always get pork, add guacamole!  Huge portion sizes and loaded with toppings.  Best nachos in the city, don't miss out!
I also had a burrito once, was huge and very delicious.  I heard the fish tacos are too spicy, so I won't be trying those.  But the nachos, burrittos, beer, and atmosphere is enough to keep me coming back many times!I have been here several times.  Overall, I like the place.  Super low key and most of the food is good.  Great place if you're in the mood for tacos and margaritas without spending a ton of money.
Can't go wrong with: chips & guac, chicken tacos, shrimp tacos, grilled chicken sandwich
DON'T ORDER: pork tacos.  they serve you the dry ends rather than the moist shredded pork.  Haven't tried the pulled pork sandwich, but my guess is that this may be where the yummy stuff goes.  The taste isn't terrible, but you kinda have to choke down these tacos...Really great place for drinks and food. The bar food was amazing and so was my cocktail. Definitely recommend it if you're in Philadelphia.My boyfriend and I came here for a quick bite and a couple of beers. We split three hardshell beef tacos which were quite good! Everything on the menu looked appealing, so I guess I'll just have to go back again!
I was pleased with their draft beer list. They had a Chanukah beer! 
All in all, good service, nice ambiance, good food/drinks, and reasonably priced for a center city joint!Not sure why the average is 3.5. solid 4 to 4.5. the food might be underated. I've been pleasantly surprised 100% of the time. Braised lamb rice bowl is schwiiiiing!    Lady had the mahi mahi taco and of course I had to taste it. Delish! Be sure to get that lime squeeze in. Almost forgot... Chipotle squeeze bottle: add a couple of drops if you want to enhance (trust me though, you already get plenty flavor w/out!)This place has a kitchen open until 1 am which was an attractive feature. My bf and I headed in to try some tacos. We are from the area and wanted to try something different from our usual. We carded when walking in, it's in a younger area. There are two floors for seating. We opted to sit downstairs. The bar was full but not packed. The beer selection was nice and the margaritas had a variety. However, the margaritas tasted awful, no fresh lime, clearly using mixers, all sugar no taste. Was kinda bummed as I love tequila and a good marg. For a $9 price tag waste of money. As for the beer average price decent tap selection. The tacos were fresh, roasted chicken check it out really yummy as well as the freedom tacos. The chili was the winner, perfect spice, avocado, and decent portion. We ordered pico and chips never came. Our waitresses disappeared a good 15 minutes. Another one on her break came and filled as she saw we had no drinks for some time and a few things missing. Prices are average, pretty loud atmosphere and a couple tvs. I think if I was craving late night and I was drunk I would come in but it's really not my thing. Stick to the killer margs at dos segundos. If they got better margs and servers place could be worthwhile but for now I'll pass it's a shame Bc the food is nice.Awesome nacho's, beer and entrees!  We went with some friends who live in PHL.  I'd seen pictures of their evenings out there and couldn't wait to try the nachos!   They were piled high with spicy pork and lots of spice!   Entrees included burritos, Cieveche  and fish tacos.  Everything was served hot and fast.  Dave the waiter was awesome and nice on the eyes too!Fun atmosphere and some of the best nachos I've ever had! A nice change of pace. Our waitress was extremely friendly and punctual.This used to be a 5, but they changed the menu and raised the prices.  Good food, but more than I'd like to spend for a lunch out now...Jose Pistolas is great! Their margaritas and tacos are amazing. However, they recently took the pickle chips off the menu, which is really disappointing, and happy hour is now 4-6 PM instead of the typical (and more convenient) 5-7 PM. Both things are bummers, but I'll still probably come here when I can. The pork belly taco is delicious, and they have flavored margaritas available if you ask. The service is always friendly but not over-bearing -- in fact, I occasionally feel slightly neglected/forgotten around the time I really just want to get my bill. Overall though, it's a great, convenient, not too expensive place. Great to go with a group or just on a casual after work date.Food was awesome! Great place to try great Mexican! Highly recommend if in Philly. The short rib tacos are where it's at. Well priced too!This place was absolutely delicious. Probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. Really nothing else to say.It's safe to say that I'm a big fan of Jose Pistola's.
My visits increased in frequency after several trips during Philly Beer Week (aw!) last year. Their events were beyond amazing and, through them, I was introduced to their nachos.
I've yet to find a competitor for the top nachos in Philly. These are ridiculously good. I always get them without the jalapenos because I generally can't do spicy things, but I do add the spicy pork...so I don't know there.
Their tacos are also awesome and I love their beer list. There's always an exciting brew to be discovered here. Usually I'll sit downstairs at the bar, but they do have other dining areas. Plus it's a nice stomach settler to climb the three stairs to their restrooms. Talk about privacy.
Obviously I will be back at some point and likely soon, but I especially can't wait to see what they have in store for PBW this year!Love this place. Great live music some nights and yummy food. It's always a guaranteed decent meal, well priced, and good drinks. Definitely on my list of favorite go-tos.The downside to Pistola's is definitely how popular it is. It was challenging to get a table or find somewhere to wait for one and not be in the way. BUT THE NACHOS. They're so good, especially with the added guacamole. Somehow these magical chips did not get soggy under the weight of the plentiful toppings. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other food, like the brussel sprout tacos. The service was great and Joe is the best.Had a great experience going here with my Boyfriend. We popped in for a quick dinner and decided on some Guac and tacos. Our waiter was so nice and funny and poked a bit of fun at us for ordering regular guacamole when they had so many choices. The suggested we try the Spicy Tuna Guac. I was a bit skeptical because I normally am not a big tuna fan because it can sometimes taste fishy. He insisted it wouldn't taste fishy and even offered to pay for it himself if he didn't like it.
SO glad we got it! It wasn't fishy at all and it was the best guac I have ever had!! The only reason I didn't give them the 5th star was just because of how small the place was. There was a loud party seated right behind us and we were sitting so close to them, it was hard to hold a conversation.I actually was here twice recently and my rating reflects the combo of the two experiences. The first time was pretty awful and would have gotten 1-2 stars, but the second time made up for it, so I'm glad I gave it a second chance! 
The first experience was with a server who had a terrible attitude and was actually nasty to my group of friends (actually had the nerve to question our more than generous tip after she was extremely rude to us all night). We ordered drinks and apps on a Tuesday night where the place was pretty empty and we got slow, rude service in return. It seems like previous yelpers have dealt with the same waitress (unless there's more than one.. Yikes!), so I know I'm not alone in this opinion!  
I did come back a few weeks after with my husband and another couple and had a much better time.. Would rate it about 4 stars (docked one for the first time!). We had a very pleasant server who answered our questions and made suggestions.. Exactly what the customer service business should be about! She should probably teach her skills to the waitress from time nmero uno. We all ordered drinks and got the classic guac app to start. Not the best guac I've ever had (el vez and Lolita's are better), but pretty good. The margaritas were strong and good. They also have a nice draft list, though the beers seem maybe a tad overpriced. 
For food, we split the nachos with chicken tinga and the ahi tuna tacos. The nachos are hugeeee and delicious. Perfectly layered, with enough cheese and beans to go around! No sad feelings of getting a plain chip in this platter. The ahi tuna tacos were also really good, tuna was fresh and paired awesomely with the mango salsa. The fish tacos only come with 2, but this was enough for us with the huge nacho portion. If we had gotten more tacos instead of the nachos, a 3rd entree probably would have been necessary to fill us. Our friends got the Brussels sprouts tacos, catfish tacos, and short rib tacos and they all looked delicious. 
The meal is a little pricey when you get apps and drinks, but it's not terrible. I would definitely come back.. As long as the first waitress stays far far away.I have dined here so far a total of 5 times. Most recently was this past Labor Day. I love that they make a skinny spicy margarita and don't look at me like I am crazy when I order it. That is how you know you are in a real mexican restaurant. I have had the traditional guacamole, the broiled fish tacos, and the roasted chicken burrito along with a side of rice and beans. The menu is not extensive at all but everything I had was worth going back and eating again. It is to me, not a very traditional mexican restaurant but as they say "Americanized" with cheddar cheese in the burritos :)Soy chorizo quesadilla is awesome, and the veggie nachos are killer. Has become a regular spot.There's nothing really special about this place.  I had the portobello burrito which met my nutritional needs, but I wouldn't say it was great.  It also came out lava hot and stayed that way for a good ten minutes.  This was during lunch time, so I suppose it probably didn't have the energy of the evening crowd, which probably added to my impression of just an average place.  
The bathroom is on the third floor.  While walking up the second flight of steep steps I wondered how handicapped people are supposed to access that bathroom.  I didn't see any elevators.On Tuesday, May 28 two of my girlfriends and I sat at the upstairs bar for drinks and a few plates. This restaurant is a go-to spot for my classmates and I because the drinks are so high quality and they serve food quite late. It was relatively not crowded upstairs, calm and we could communicate with the server quite clearly. As to not pester him with splitting the bill three ways, I handed him back the check with our payment saying "$15 in cash for the check, $28 on the red card and the rest on the green, thank you!". He informed me that my card was not reading, so my friend offered to cover my portion (again, NOT COUNTING THE CASH) on her card. He said no problem and gave my friend two checks to checks with the two payments charged to her card to sign. My other friend then asked for our portions of the cash tip she has calculated as we were getting up to leave....but something did not look right when I glanced at the two bills my friend had signed. My friend who had taken care of my check said I owed her $37....how could this be if he had counted the $15 we put in our checkbook towards our bill? This is a young man who serves many a tipsy gaggle of young ladies so he was well aware or our state. He seemed irked and annoyed throughout our encounter with the sheer fact that we were sitting at his bar; a state we encounter quite often from bartenders as young ladies. I get it, I have spent many years working behind the bar myself listening to inane, shallow conversation, shrieks of laughter and squatters who never seem to leave and pester about splitting the bill. BUT in no world, doe any bartender with experience and a brain perceive $15 in cash given with cards, an explanation of the payment and no "keep the change!" comment as course to pocket said payment and charge the rest. We sat there for atleat 20 mins after we payed, still eating and then calculating the tip within ear shot of a bartender who was just chilling inches away because he had nothing more to do. We packed up and left our actual tip, but I photographed the checks as to further examine them when I could fully focus/was not plagued with the noise of drunk girls. My suspicions were right, as you can see in the photo. A block away, I was tempted to turn right around and confront the young man, but having delt with his attitude all night already and knowing the fault my friend who signed the receipts without double checking had in this, I decided to let it go. 
In closing, no shade at the food and drink of Jose's, but PETE(R) the bartender, we know what you did! I get it, young girls who stay way too long and bore you with petty conversation tend to tip really shitty so perhaps swindling us out of an extra $15 on top of our 20% tip is tempting. You think, "they won't even notice and they were gonna tip poorly anyway so why not". This is why not! Nothing may be done to right this wrong, but trust that some young women DO notice these kinds of things and will say something.My favorite thing about this place are the people who work there. I've been here a couple times now and the bartenders and servers just couldn't be nicer! Often times when you go to a bar you have to flag your server down to order something and they disappear for a while. At Jose's it's like you're hanging out with another friend! They asked for my name, asked what types of beers I'm into so that they could recommend me what they had on draft, tried to get to know me too! VERY friendly atmosphere, I love it. It's a very small venue, kind of a divey feel to it. I've ordered the shrimp ceviche and a carne asada quesadilla from here, both were spot on. Maybe not the most authentic mexican food, but pretty damn good! Their drafts are rotating but they have a lot of unique options and they're happy to give you a sample or two if you ask. I originally came here because I live in the neighborhood and was looking for a place to watch the MNF game and I discovered this little gem. I'll definitely be coming back! Great food, and WONDERFUL staff.Three Yelps for the atmosphere here. This is another place where to watch a game or to just chill, basically. 
Here, you many seat at the bar when you walk in, in the back where they have another screen TV or you can go upstairs where, again, there are more TV's, seats and another bar.
If you are into Mexican food and beers, this a non expensive spot where to have a good time.tom / tommy is the best server. he's attentive and made sure to not miss any details. always refilled our waters and asked if we wanted more beer even when he was very busy. the food was amazing and prices were on point. some after hours talk show
thing was happening but it was a lot of fun !!Where can a girl go for a glass of wine, an awesome mexican dinner and sit at the bar and read and be not bothered?  Jose Pistola's!  Never is there a time I have been unhappy on my many, many visits here.  I can always sing along to the great music (last time Sublime's Scarlet Begonias played and I wanted to just die).  The food is always really great (and you can pick up some guac to go with your dinner on the way home for cheapies). I expecially recommend the veggie quesadilla, but only if you're down for some spiciness.  The beer selection is what they are most proud of, and rightly so.  While the bartenders are varying levels of friendly, the owner is absolutely awesome and the crowd is clearly a heap of regulars who all know the staff and each other, but not in a snooty way.  Decor is dark, dark, dark and somehow sporty without seeming to be so.  You can watch the game, but the whole damn place isn't hollering like they're at a pep rally.  This is my eat-alone place.  Sometimes I want to share it with friends but mostly... I like to keep it all to myself.This is a tiny little restaurant, but the food was fabulous! The guacamole was good enough to eat with a spoon. The French fries are fresh cut and they have their own ketchup they use. The tacos and burrito were delicious. The tortilla chips were housemade and tasted just right. The pomegranate margaritas were absolutely amazing. The place was super crowded but we still were seated and served very quickly. Our waitress was friendly and helpful and very knowledgeable about the menu. 
Pretty much the only negative thing was that there are only 2 unisex bathrooms, and since it was St Patrick's Day there were tons of people in line for the bathroom. But I will definitely go here again!!Little hidden gem on 15th St. Took a chance and visited Jose  during our Philadelphia visit. We were pleasantly surprised with the quality and flavors of their Mexican food. We had the best tortilla soup that I have tasted so far  and delicious Mahi tacos. If near by give it a try, you won't regret it.My friend and I stopped in for dinner on a weeknight after not being able to decide on a restuarant to go to.  Both of us had never been to Jose Pistolas, so we figured this was a good choice.  Wrong.
There is no direction as to where you're supposed to sit, if you're supposed to wait to be seated, and all that stuff.  We stood down by the bar thinking that maybe the bartender would acknowledge our presence and say somethng, but no.  The less than stellar service continued all night.  When we finally located the server, he acted like we were the ignorant ones not having sat ourselves.  Riiiiiiiiight.  
After seating ourselves we waited, and waited, and waited, and yeah-you guessed it.. waited--to order a pitcher of margaritas.  The classic margaritas were pretty good.  Then we waited and waited and waited again-until finally we called over the 'server' to place our appetizer order.
We ordered the salsa, chips, and guac.  The chips had so much salt that they made everything they came in contact with taste just as bad as they did.
I got the grilled shrimp tacos, which were pretty good.  My friend got the empanadas which were good as well.
It's too bad the service blows because the food and margaritas were good.  
Good luck, JP.  Youll need it.This place was pretty good. Their margaritas were good & strong. I got the chicken tacos, which weren't the best I've had in Philly but the price was fair.Decent food and drinks -- Very rude Server
I have been to Jose Pistolas but not in a few years. On the 2 or 3 occasions that I went in the past, the experience was positive.
I went recently with a group and had an incredibly rude server that marred the experience. We didn't have an exact number of people, but given that it was late (after 9:30) when we arrived, and there were plenty of open tables, she should have worked with us.
Instead we were greeted by her terrible attitude that continued all night. At one point she did apologize for not handling the seating situation well, but then when she found that only a few people wanted to order dinner she became immediately belligerent. Given the number of bars in the vicinity, you would think that they would want our business.great beer selection if you like expensive crafts, but there are no other options.   bar tender upstairs was cold and rude throughout the night.  they played david bowie all night, which isn't bad thing, but how about some variety?nachos are amazing. staff is awesome. went there last night with bf. we will def be going back.I came here for the beers, and returned for more beers.  They have a good rotating selection of about a dozen draft beers and a whole bunch more in bottles.
I've sometimes gotten food here, too.  Some years ago, the food (a chicken burrito) was meh, but recently it's been much better (goat tacos; mmm).
The downstairs bar is a comfortable wooden curved thing with seating for about a dozen people with, typically, a friendly and knowledgeable bartender behind it.  There are also tables in the back, and then more tables, and another bar, upstairs.  They might even have drinks other than beers, but, honestly, I never checked.  They have a bunch of televisions around for, I don't know, professional sports enthusiasts and maybe illiterate people who don't have televisions at home?  Thankfully, they're usually turned down low enough so you can actually, you know, be social at a social venue.  If they're not, Monk's, and many other fine brew meccas, are thankfully only a short walk away.So I went to Jose Pistola's a few months ago when it just opened.  There were two things my friends and I wanted: 1. burritos and 2. margaritas.  I ordered a burrito which was quite a treat.  Still hungry I had a sope that was delicious too.  
Unfortunately, the margaritas were not so pleasing.  They added orange juice in with their margarita mix, which wasn't so good.  After sending our drinks back a few times, they sent over a gigantic complimentary margarita and a round of beers.  We were happy for the free drinks but the margaritas still had that orange flavor!
Lesson Learned: Overall the food is good, but if you are looking for margaritas I'd keep looking.  Or check out the beer list.I have been to Jose Pistola's a few times now and have only ever gotten margaritas and nachos, and yes that's enough for me to judge it as 5 stars.
First, the margaritas.  Strong.  Tart.  Strong.  Delicious.  Thirst-quenching.  And did I say strong yet?  Cuz they strong.
Second, the nachos.  Their nachos are so simple, yet so tasty, that they inspired me to make my own version of them at home.  Now I love nachos from many places, but they have so many ingredients and it seems too complicated to try and reproduce them.  But JP's nachos are literally - creamy refried beans (figured out how to make them at home so they aren't all pasty and plasticky), cheese, pickled red onions, and pickled jalapenos.  I make these at home and they are just as good as the restaurant!
But JP's will always land itself on my "let's go day-drinking" list, for the two reasons above.What a delightful little surprise with the best fish tacos in town. We were looking for an interesting take on Mexican food and after reading the yelp reviews, decided to check this place out and it definitely delivered. Don't be put off by the garish sign outside, it is really quaint and cosy on the inside even though it is a rather large multi-level space. They had a good selection of beers and cider too and any place with a cider option is an instant win with me. 
We started off with the chorizo fundido which was perfectly baked, spicy, melty and creamy. We wolfed that thing down in record time. It came with a delicious salsa verde that was to die for - quite reminiscent of Indian mint/cilantro chutney which was a nice addition. 
I had the tuna fish tacos and he had the goat burrito. Goat is so rare to find in many restaurants so we were definitely thrilled about that. My tacos were made with sushi tuna lightly charred on the outside with a mango salsa and pasilla sauce. The tuna was juicy and had just the perfect amount of char and went delectably with the sauces. Never had fish tacos this good anywhere else.
Followed everything up with a plate of churros with the dulce de leche on the side. I'd review those too if I could remember them being on the table for longer than 30 seconds after they arrived.This is probably my favorite go-to Mexican restaurant in Rittenhouse. I crave their nachos literally all the time. The guava margaritas are everything you want them to be. The tacos are a work of genius! Roasted brussel sprouts? Delish. Buffalo cauliflower? Perfection. And the even had a dessert called "Flan Solo." Twitter game is on point. Just go there and you will never be disappointed. You will always be full.Unless you know the bartender, or have a crush on a server, Jose Pistolas isn't the bar/restaurant you "love." If anything, it's that out-of-place bar in Center City that thrives on catering to friends of staff...a bar that I feel is better suited for Passyunk Ave.
I have no idea what kind of people come to this spot, since it's been close to empty both times I've been, but I do know they have a solid beer list and a great chicken burrito...one that's much better than anything Cantina can offer.  
It's almost like Good Dog gone Mexican. Don't go here for the "scene," just go here with your friends when you're all caught in Center City and too lazy to venture anywhere else. As for the chicken burrito, hold the jalepenos and ask for a side of sour cream.
Oh and my friends and I made a little mouse friend. We named him Fievel and then got a little grossed out.this is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in center city. LOVEEEE.
start off with the pistachio and goat cheese guacamole. so delicious.
get the nachos as your next course, try the chorizo or pork. so large, so good. pickled onions, oh yeeeaaah. 
can't go wrong with the burrito or tacos for your entree, i always get the pork burrito and its yum. 
churros for dessert with chocolate sauce. yessss.
don't forget to go during happy hour and get a $15 marg pitcher. yes.Wow - what a find!  Was in town for a business trip and someone from the area recommended this place. Started out with guacamole then had buffalo cauliflower tacos - AMAZING!!  The drinks were great and prices fair.  This is a hidden gem for sure!Went for the first time during lunch while they were doing a sour beer takeover. Solid place to go for food. I got the Spicy Pork Tacos which was delicious. I thought the price was a little much for just two of them but my god, were those tacos loaded. My friend got the burger which I thought wouldn't be too good at a Mexican place, but he said it was great and the sweet potato french fries were really good.I've come here in good times and in bad, but one thing I can say is that I'm always pleased with the food. The nachos! Yes! Get them!!! Grab a friend to help you since it's more than enough for two people. I tried it with spicy pork and it was too good. I also tried the spicy tuna guacamole, which the bartender recommended. I was apprehensive, but fell in love at first bite with its fusion elements. Also had the korean rib tacos. Didn't care for them because I found them more bony than meaty, which made it tough to eat.
I really like the dimly lit decor and the candles. I don't really like how the bathroom is on the third floor. So if you have a small bladder, try sitting on the second floor. It's nice that they have a happy hour, I wish it was from 5-7 as opposed to 4-6. The service has always been super friendly when I visit.Jose Pistolas is unassuming from the outside--it's less dingy inside than it's exterior would lead you to believe. Went for the nachos, which made a "best of" list at some point in the recent past. The nacho order I received--no meat added, but wit'guacamole--was pretty darn good. It had plenty of (importantly) well-distributed toppings, including pickled onions (which were awesome!). Too large for one person at lunchtime, and I wished for the elevated peppery level of El Vez's Nacho Mamma nachos, but would definitely get again!Not an awesome place -- the food attempts to be creative but ends up just being a bit weird.  Ambiance is that of a dirty dive bar.  The beer selection is fairly good, so I'd rather stop here for a drink at the bar than a meal.  Tacos and guacamole are expensive and the selection, especially for those who don't eat meat, is limited.  Tuna tacos were ok; spicy tuna guacamole was interesting but a little overwhelming.  Service was slow and scattered and we had to request napkins, water, etc. several times before receiving them.  Philly has much better Mexican options.My friends know how much I love Mexican food, so they decided to hold a surprise dinner here for my graduation. One cannot go wrong with any of the items on the menu. Personally, I've ordered the nachos and quesadillas.I have eaten here a few times. I have a couple of friends who really seem to like the place, and they usually suggest it as a place to meet up. 
I notice that the beer prices are a little high, but whatever, judging by the looks of this place they cater more towards the restaurant side of the business and probably don't pull in vast sums of profit from the bar. 
The first thing that really starts to annoy me however is the music. It was so loud. Here it is, a week day, the place has a decent amount of people in it, mostly eating, and the music is just blaring. So much so that i couldn't hear a word form the person across from me. It seemed over the top. 
We order food, and it's O.K. I might even say good, but I have eaten at way to many awesome little Mexican joints in South Philly to say that this place had great food. Not that I expected better, I mean, a place on 15th street is Center City, you can't expect the best damn Mexican food ever. But I heard all this hype about their food, so I guess my expectations were a little higher then normal.
Overall, the place is fine to drop in for a quick bite, especially if you have been getting hammered at one of the bars nearby and have a serious craving for a burrito. But that is it.Come here for the nachos -- they are delicious! The portion was huge, and I had to take half of them home. I also had some of my friend's shrimp ceviche which was quite tasty. My friend and I came for lunch, so only the downstairs was open. There were only a few other groups here, but it was only the bartender taking orders and bringing out food, so service was a little slow. Overall, my friend and I were satisfied with our lunches, and I definitely want to return for happy hour sometime!Came here for lunch with my co-workers and ordered the spicy pork tacos.  It was pretty evident that the food is good here within the first few bites.  I'm accustom to fairly good Kimchi growing up in North NJ / NYC and it was noticeable that the Kimchi was homemade.  The tacos had a great balance of savory, salt and spice.  My only gripe is that they were luke warm at best.  
I do have to praise them that our lunch orders came out fast, which is huge when not wanting to blow your whole lunch hour on waiting for the food to come. 
They have a nice craft beer list and a solid happy hour which sadly ends at 6:00 pm.  
I'll definitely be back and hope to try more of the menu.They always have cider on tap, bartenders are normally pretty entertaining... just wish the bathroom wasn't on the 3rd floor.I love Mexican food.  Nothing fancy needed...  as long as the salsa is fresh, the chips are crunchy and the beans are creamy, I'm a happy girl.  I don't base my opinions on fancypants garnishes or how nice the meal looks upon arrival at my table.  I want simple, good food...  and I want it to involve cheese.  
With this said, I have to say that I wasn't impressed with the meal I had at Jose Pistola's, but I was a tiny bit obsessed with the salsa.  They have an amazing salsa verde (that even my self-admittedly-salsa-hating-friend loved) and the pico de gallo was fresh and yummy.  The chips were fresh and salty, which is always a plus in my sodium-loving world.  
I ordered a chicken burrito and found it to be just...  well...  eh.  I also recall biting into the aforementioned chicken and having to deal with a bone in my mouth.  That's never a graceful move.  First, you're scared to death as to why something is SO hard in your mouth.  Then, you realize it shouldn't be in your mouth and you awkwardly try to spit it out without looking like a child spitting out something they don't like.  Eww.  
Either way, I'd go back for snacks and drinks.  Probably wouldn't have dinner there again, unless someone highly recommended something.A friend and I went a couple of weeks ago so I could earn 1000 extra frequent flier miles as they were a participating restaurant in the promotion. 
Great service, fantastic food, terrific margaritas and some good beers on the menu.  
My only real complaint is that I don't quite get the concept.  It looks essentially the same as when Copa II was there except now they have tex-mex food instead of lots of burgers on the menu.  
don't get me wrong, the food was very good but I felt more like I was hanging out with one of the cool Mambo mover crews than stealing away to a mexican restaurnt.Ok, so maybe it's just me...but Jose P.'s seems to be experiencing a major identity crisis. Seriously, what is up with this place? The menu is mostly Mexican, but the beers are Belgian...the upstairs is filled with sportos and flat-screens, but the prices are gastro-pub-esque...I've only been to Jose P's twice, but both times, I've left feeling very confused.
The food is not bad -- a little on the pricey side perhaps, especially considering other cheaper and more delicious Mexican joints (Pico de Gallo!) nearby. There's a fine beer selection, as others have noted, but who wants to eat a burrito with a framboise?  Certainly not me.
Also, the bathrooms...eek. I've had nightmares about Hell and this is what it looks like: a dark, dusty staircase in an abandoned fire tower, up ..1...2...3 flights, down an even dingier hallway, in a tiny room. I restrict my drinking at Jose P's just so I don't have to experience this monstrosity.They have a good beer list and lots lots of canned beers. The food was OK - I had the lamb shoulder tacos. They should serve the tacos with two tortillas, as many places do, because the fillings are too moist for only one tortilla, the thing simply falls apart. Flavor was OK, nothing too exciting. Still on the beers, they had a double IPA by two roads which is somewhat difficult to find, and it's delicious, so that was great. Objectively, it's a good bar, but something about didn't quite work for me. Service was OK.As a restaurant, this place seems reasonably priced, bordering on cheap (given the gourmet quality of the food), but as a bar, it seems a little on the pricey side, but that's how I feel about most of the Philly bar scene.  This place's atmosphere is more bar than restaurant, but it delivers quality food and would be a fine place to go eat even if you were not drinking anything.
VERY good beer selection.  Pretty sizeable, and pretty top-notch choices available, showing some evidence of careful selection.  It's not the normal sort of beer to go with Mexican food but I think most of the beers here are chosen to mesh well with the particular style of food served here.
About the food:
I would not call this place "Tex-Mex"...I've had a lot of Tex-Mex and I would describe this as like, what you get if you start with more authentic Mexican and take it in a different direction.  For example, if you order tacos, they'll come out in soft corn tortillas, with raw cilantro and onion, and a lime on the side, just like Mexican-style.  But the minute you bite into them, you'll realize that they've used a completely different way of seasoning the meat.  Their Al Pastor?  Pork and pineapple, just like the real deal, but the minute you taste it you realize it's been developed into something completely new.  Not exactly authentic, but artful and delicious, a worthwhile form of cuisine in its own right, and definitely influenced by, and congruous with Mexican food.  And also harmonious with the beers served here, which have a range of styles but tend on the stronger and more intensely aromatic side.
But little here, neither the food, nor the beer, is at all reminiscent of the flavors of Tex-Mex, so I find that categorization misleading.
Why not five stars?  It's just not my scene, and this in one of those places where the ambiance is a bit pervasive, saturating.  So, while I can really enjoy this place, especially the food, beer, and even enjoy the setting a bit, I don't think I'd ever truly feel 100% at home here.Incredible food. The bouncers/employees are always so friendly and funny! 5 stars bc I love the atmosphere and vibes of the bar too. 
But sometimes after we go here, we all leaving saying that the margaritas were a bit too weak. After a pitcher between 3 you'd think you'd feel a buzz.This is my first time eating at Jose Pistola's and I was pleasantly surprised with both the service and the food. 
Arrived on a busy, busy night and there was definitely some confusion as to how to get a table. There wasn't a hostess and it wasn't immediately apparent who to talk to - as evidenced by the handful of confused folks hanging by the door. Once we were able to flag someone down and get a seat, it was smooth sailing. 
We were promptly greeted by the server who offered, without being asked, to change the TV in our line of site to the football game so we didn't have to crane our necks. Very observant. She was very attentive all night in spite of the fact that it was packed. Some of the better service I had in a while. She took our drink orders right away while we perused the menu. I got the "Dallas Sucks" and, while they may, the beer did not. YUM!
We ordered the wings, the Mixto Ceviche and queso. Wings were delicious. I can recommend the hot, although I plan to try the tamarind at some point. The ceviche was PERFECT. The flavors were good and the fish was incredibly fresh. The only "meh" item was the queso. It had good flavor but a bit of a gritty texture that didn't do it for me... however, we did finish it. :)  
This is a great spot for solid food and good service! 
A note, it's SUPER loud in here so, if you're looking for an intimate evening I would go elsewhere.The tinga tacos are not very authentic in my opinion and not very good. (Sorry). Queso Parker is insanely good. Best tortilla chips ever! My boyfriend got the burrito, it's pretty big. He said it was average. The prices are in a median range about 10-20 a plate. When you're being seated, go to the top floor, it's air conditioned up there. Overall not a bad place, good service.Just experienced one of the best evenings with my husband we've had in sometime. A dimmed atmosphere with chill music. The beer list is constantly spot on. That's a definite. Now lets start with the magnificent food selections. We started with the steamed little neck clams. Steamed in garlic and southern tier IPA. Wen then moved into the tuna tiradito.......WoW!!!!!!! It comes with a soy, seaweed, pickled Fresno peppers. Light, clean and ready to move into a final course and enjoy the more of the many delicious wonders. I had the pork belly tacos....come on its pig! Obviously the tender juice of the pig set me straight and my hubby had the lamb tacos. Everything was clean simple and fresh....the way food is intended.   I haven't been here prior but the nice higher abv % beers and spot on food selections made my husband and I appreciate date night again!!! Thank you Jose Pistolas! We will be back!!!for the past two years i would occasionally drop in here for drinks, didnt think it was anything special... i never realized they had delicious mexican food!!!! i was really impressed with the nachos and the beef burrito!Love the pork belly burrito and chicken nachos. Great beer selection and decent margaritas. What's not to like about good beer and Mexican?!Loved their nachos.  So many layers of luscious guac, beans, salsa, and cheese.
Great for hanging out.  Active neighborhood for Saturday night scene.  Solid default if the line at Howl at the Moon is too long.  
Three levels.  Lots of people on each to make friends.
The bathroom line got weird.  The guy in front of me was tripping out.  That was entertaining.Great food great drink. I would give 5 stars but have been here about 10 times and the waitress with pink hair has been extremely rude. I've worked in the industry a lot and i dont know if she's just tired of it or not, but she should not handle herself the way she does. "You can't sit there, that seat is taken" when talking about a high top chair next to the bar when there are 3 other open tables. That kind of stuff. All in all great bar but she's not the greatest.I had the pork belly tacos, it literally melted in my mouth. I can't wait to go back and have it again.I have to give Jose Pistola's the credit it's due after a befuddled friend of mine didn't know how they were able to get the sought after Pliny the Elder on tap. Here's the scoop:
Yes, it might be on oddly laid out mexican joint/sports bar sharing the street with establishments like McGlinchey's, Fox and Hound and Applebee's but don't hold that against them. No, they're not the hot date spot to take your fancy new lady but they are one hell of a place to celebrate a Phillies post season win. It's the place you go to meet for happy hour, to watch a sports game or to hang out with friends and order some good food and relax.
The nachos, as previously reviewed, are out of this world. The half portion proved to be enough for two people as a full on meal. All of the food here is very good, and not in the way people call Mexican food good. It's actually full of flavor, not just a catalyst for sour cream, cheese and beans. The guac is fresh and delicious, the meats are perfectly seasoned. They have daily specials so take note when you stop in.
Last let's talk beer. Jose Pistola's hasn't been getting the clout on the beer scene that Hawthorne's or even Misconduct do. Their rotating draft list is world class, this being proven by their tapping a Pliny recently. The bottle selection is extensive but unpretentious. In a city full of beer snobs this place can pull their weight.I came here on a Thursday night around 6:40pm. It was pretty packed, but my friend and I were seated right away.
To drink, I had the Mango Margarita, which was really good and not overly sweet like you might expect it to be. My friend and I shared the Fried Plantains (with honey chipotle and crema fresca) which were amazing. 
They let you substitute soy chorizo for any protein on the menu, so I got the Pork Belly Tacos and substituted soy chorizo for the pork belly. The tacos came topped with refritos, salsa borracha, crema fresca, and cilantro. I also got a side of Beans and Rice (with pico de gallo and queso fresco).
All of the food was delicious, but I was slightly disappointed at the portion size for the tacos. However, I would definitely go back to try some of the other drinks and vegetarian food options.Updating my review from 6 months ago..  I should have given Jose's 5 starts a LONG time ago!  I come here often, its so close to my house and I always love it.  I'm finally updating to 5 stars because I had such a great time tonight!  My roomie who usually attends with me could not make it, so I ventured to Jose's alone tonight. It was Philly Beer Week, and Jose's had a sour tap takeover, which I'm in love with sour beers so obviously could not miss it.  I sat at the bar upstairs, Jose the bartender, (coincidence?) was the best.  So sweet, very knowledgeable about all the beers, and let me sample a few I was unsure about.  He was the best!  The bar was packed and crowded, but he always made sure my beer was full!
I ordered the portobello mushroom tacos, which were amazing.  I've had their burritos and nachos before, which I die for, but this was my first taco experience.  Just as great!  Make sure to get their guacamole, its bangin!  
Everyone needs to experience Jose Pistolas in their life.  The food is killer (especially those nachos!), the bartenders are so friendly and knowledgeable, and everyone is so nice and makes you feel like home.  Last and most importantly, the beer selection is always TOP NOTCH for beer nerds like me.  One of my FAVE neighborhood bars, by far!Good Mexican food. Pretty decent tacos, but get Guac or an app to start cuz a taco order won't fill one. Decent beer selection and relative cheap for a good pour. Will be back, but it's not game changing.I try to eat guacamole as often as possible. Throughout the tristate area, I'd say I've had it at over 200 places. To this day, noone makes a better bowl than Jose Pistola's Spicy Tuna Guacamole. Noone. It's unbelievably good. Inappropriately delicious. Perfect, even. 
The other guac flavors are delicious too. Had 'em all, enjoyed 'em all.
The nachos are spot on, as are the burritos. That cheesy rice is executed to a tee.
Highly recommend this three-story restaurant & bar for drinks as well. It's got a great vibe, friendly staff, and a wonderful ambiance. Extensive selection of booze.
Remember: always order the Spicy Tuna Guac. You're welcome.Came in for a party of 6 on a Friday night around 8pm. We waited about an hour for a table. We started with some guac, salsa, and mahi ceviche. Ceviche was very eh, tasted like they almost tried with too many flavors. The guac was good, portion was not very large. Good for sharing with about 3 people. 
Tacos: I ordered the pork belly bahn mi and the mahi, I did not like the pork belly, it was chewy and bland. The Mahi was the best I've had in Philly. I forget the prices, but they were definitely on the high end for tacos in the city. I want to say $15 for two. 
They have a bar upstairs that I stumbled into on my way to the bathroom. Seemed like a poppin' spot.You know how there's Chinese food, and then there's American Chinese food? This place is American Mexican food, like maybe 70/30 American/Mexican. Tasty, definitely, but not what you would think of as "Mexican food" in structure or flavor. Just set your expectations correctly and you'll really enjoy it.
The good news:
- The food is very good. The chips were on the saltier side, which I love. The guacamole was chunky and fresh. The meat was tender and tasty. 
- The staff is friendly and attentive. At one point our waitress came over and asked if I was cold because the window was open near me. I wasn't (unheard of for me, so very exciting!), but it was nice of her to check.
- The menu is entertaining, with witty commentary on most items. I could see how it might potentially offend some people, but I was amused. Maybe I'm a horrible person that way.
The not-so-good news:
- It was pretty loud, music-wise - too loud to hold a conversation comfortably
- There was so much piled atop each taco shell that there was no graceful way to consume the tacos in taco form. I ended up resorting to a knife and fork. Extra shells would've been a nice touch.
The highlight: Basketball on the big, beautiful TVs! I was captivated, for I have missed basketball.Recently went here for happy hour after work. The bar tender my group had was rather unfriendly, but they have some of the best nachos I've ever had (thick homemade chips with tons of varieties to choose from!) and the classic margarita pitchers were delicious and not too weak. I would definitely go back to try more items on the menu despite the service.Giving it a positive rating for the atmosphere. Was a pretty cool, down to earth place. Possibly stop in for a quick beer but that's about it. The food though, little off. Menu doesn't follow any hard Mexican theme, chips were a bit too thick, queso texture was a bit off, burritos were a little too American-ized... Just didn't do enough for a positive scoreAll I can say is NACHOS NACHOS NACHOS and spicy pork. Their new chef is the BOMB! The portobello tacos are crazy good as well. There's always live music which is great too! I literally live right next door and this is my new go to spot. The staff is always changing though which is a little discouraging but nonetheless great food! Great beer too. Changing up the draft list 3-4 times a week. Sundays they have half off marg pitchers (traditional only though, I learned the hard way unfortunately). Would definitely recommend and Ill be back ASAP(This review would be for the bar only and not the food.)  So my buddy and I did a mini bar crawl in Philly one afternoon just checking some new places out that we haven't been to before. We were guided to this place by the bartender at the Vargas bar. She stated, "it doesn't look that great, but their beer selection rocks." INDEED!! So we walked in and snagged a seat at the bar and their beer menu was fairly extensive.  It just so happened that they had a Troeg's event the afternoon and were featuring a large amount of their beers, including a freshly tapped keg. Well, I am going fresh all day. The keg was on the bar and it was the Troeg's Simcoe Hopback Amber. Oh man, this beer was off the charts when it's fresh like that. It tasted sweeter on the back end than normal. It was fantastic. The bartenders were great and never let my glass go empty. The music playing was oldies, I mean from the 40s and 50s so that was unusual but different. The bar had a laid back vibe with a good mixture of people, from business folks to people getting hammered. The downside, the bathrooms are all the way on the third floor! That sucked, I will just hold it next time I am here.I love this place. I'd been here many times before I became a vegan, but this most recent visit was also awesome! Most of the salsas are vegan and they offer soy chorizo as a meat substitute for the tacos and burritos. The beer list is huge, the happy hour and beer specials are good, and the service is outstanding both at the bars and the dining floors. Upstairs is very cozy and they often have live music. I love the downstair bar the best though, don't ask me why. One of my favorite bars in Philly.Besides the not so spectacular beer menu - the food is horrible. I went here with a friend of mine after hearing some hype about this place. Service for drinks and food was slow and served with attitude - PLUS when I did get my beer, the glass my beer was served in has lipstick all over it! YIKES! Hello?? is anyone at the bar paying attention?
Needless to say, that was my first and last trip back there. And if you are looking for Belgian beers, there are MUCH better places in that neighborhood and around the city!This spot is legit, their pistachio goat cheese guacamole is delish. Tacos al pastor are good, a little pricy for two, can be a little inconsistent. Wings are amazing, good quality blue cheese. And during football season on Sundays they have a buddy burger for $5. I reaaaaaally wish this was on the menu all the time, because it's good quality decent size fresh made.Food was much better than expected.  However, the service was slow and the ONLY waiter upstairs looked like he barely gave a damn.  The bartenders seemed friendly enough and I wish we actually sat at the bar instead of a table.
Oh, and in order to get bathrooms, you have to go to the third floor using what looks like a fire exit.  It was the summer and the stairs were 15+ degrees hotter than the bar.  Unpleasant.Tacos,Burritos. Enchiladas, oh my! So much tex mex goodness here. The sunrise burrito was a particular fave.  All washed down with some spicy margs, - makes for a great late night snack, or a daytime snack, or midday snack, or even a early in the morn snack for that matter.  Its divey-ish, with its dark and simple space, tables are small and few, the upstairs bar area was the only place in there that would accommodate for a party of 10 when I went.  Definitely, a place to add to your city bar/eats hop whenever you are.Great nachos for sure!  Used to have amazing fish tacos but they changed the fish from grouper to bass and now they are really barely edible. Would definitely go back but will never order fish tacos again!!!I have been here a few times. The fish tacos are really good, but the nachos are even better. Very decent and ever changing draft beer selection. Cool spot to chill after work. It gets pretty busy on the weekends( like most center city bars). I will definitely be going again...I came here on Friday night for a late night meal. The service was awful. The waiter was extremely unfriendly and did not offer any help after we placed our orders. He never came by our table to check on drinks despite the fact that we were chewing on ice. I had to walk up to him to request our bill after waiting for fifteen minutes with empty plates. 
My date's fish tacos came to the table about five minutes before my order of half nachos. The tacos were cold by the time my food arrived. 
I am not sure if they were just busy or just indifferent to people who want to give them money for food/drink/service. I won't give them another chance.I hesitate to even give this place 1 star. Was greeted by an aggressive server on the stairs who proceeded to get mad at us for sitting at a table.  She continued to be a huge bitch throughout the entire experience, grabbing all of our silverware almost immediately so we couldn't stay to eat, explaining to us that she thought we may steal the silverware. 
This same awful server didn't ever ask us for refills and We sat for quite some time waiting for her to come back. When we were finally about to pay and leave, this waste of a human yelled at us and said "thanks for taking up a table and only getting one round of drinks."  EXCUSE ME?? Do you recognize you work in customer service??
I've never had a more offensive dining experience in my life. It should be noted they also over served someone to the point that they couldn't walk unattended.Decent beer, but food is poor, courtesy of a lazy cook. 
I went there last night for a sour beer Philly Beer Week event.  Unfortunately, the sour beer offerings weren't very impressive.  The normal sour bottles they have were significantly more appealing than the dull draft offerings.  Even more frustrating, when I asked the server about the sour beers they had on tap, she said she hadn't tried any yet.  WTF?
Now to the food.  I got a burger and my wife got spicy pork tacos.  The bacon that came with my burger was undercooked.  It was extra thick making the huge sections of uncooked fat even more egregious.  The pork in my wife's tacos was laden with inedible fat globs.  It's unfortunate because the burger was cooked perfectly medium as asked and the tacos had nice flavor and spice.  It's just laziness or uncaring to not cook the bacon or prep the pork properly.We've been here quite a few times and they never disappoint with their assortment of tacos and of course margaritas. Great Happy Hour spot, too!Consistently great quality. I would also suggest getting their nachos with guac. It was piled with cheese and fresh beans guac and jalapeos. YUM. I wasn't a huge fan of the Korean rib taco tho. It's good if you love Korean rib though. Just a little too fibrous for me.I've never written a bad review about a place online before.  Then again, I've never had quite the crappy experience I had tonight at Jose Pistolas.  First, we were sent back and forth between floors as the bartenders argued about where to send us in light of "private parties" that were supposedly coming in.  (Good for them because the place was completely empty.)  Then, I made the mistake of ordering a mragarita what with it being a Mexican place.  If there was tequila in it, it was dishwater brand with (warm) uninspired sour mix.  But my wife and I Still had hope... afterall we were there for the food.  First came the guac which was far inferior to the unfrozen store stuff my mother used to serve on taco night growing up, the chips were stale and then the main course (which arrived about 60 seconds after the appetizer) left me mad not so much about the money we spent, but about the hour and stomach space I would never get back.  Truly, this place is a disaster.I've come here many many times over the last few years. Not much to say about this place other than it's awesome! The nachos are probably the best in the city. The bartenders are great and the service is all around pretty good. My only real complaint is their lack of drink specials, happy hour is alright but not the best.The tacos are amazing, music and atmosphere is an added bonus. 
Staff is very accommodating as well. Definitely go!!!The chips and salsa weren't bad, nor was the margarita and the prices were ok. The stars are for the nachos though- simply delicious, loved everything about them...except the ridiculous extra charge for guacamole (what is this, chipotle?!) but seriously get the nachos, you won't regret it until you realize you can't go to the club afterward after all, you have to go home and take a nap instead. Only other issue was how terribly cramped it is- and why the h is the bathroom on the third floor? Will be back for more nachos tomorrow.Your Mexican theme
Is misplaced to the extreme
Only one Mex beer?
- The address on Yelp is not correct!!!! I'll try to change it, but for now know it is just past Locust on 15th, across from Buco di Bippo or whatever it's called!
With a name like Jose Pistolas, a menu 90% Mexican, and as wide a variety of beers in the first place you'd think they'd offer a few of the better Mexican beers...you'd be wrong. They offer one, Pacifico. When I say a few of the better Pacifico would definitely be on that list, but there would be 3 or 4 more. Instead they do have a vast selection of really good beers from around the world. Bells two hearted ale on tap! Blanche, Saison Dupont, the list goes on and on. They didn't have many tequilas, but what they did have were fine with me. My world favorite, El Corralejo, was present in Anjeo and Reposado :)
My burrito was fine. I don't feel like I've found the burrito mecca of Philly, but it wasn't the worse I've had here either. 
The place was crowded, but not overly packed. As our party grew we were all able to fit comfortably around the upstairs bar. Our Bartender was very cool and engaging...until he found out I am a Cowboys fan ;) 
One star for the food not sucking. One for the friendly service. One for...I don't know, good times I guess. 
Oh, also know the bathrooms are through the exit and a few stories up, and as one of our party said, " a great placed to get raped"! I didn't find this to be true at all ;)This review is not based on my first visit. In fact, this is reflecting my utmost disappointment in the changes the establishment made. The nachos were small. Not smaller in the way that "we made our menu economical," but rather in "we are going to give you less for your money."  The rest of the portions followed in the same manner. My burrito was tasty with the addition of pork belly to the menu, but was smaller and more expensive than any South Philadelphia bodega.  More issues include the length of time it took to receive our party's check, the automatic 20% gratuity added to our check for our party of 6 without any notification, and the length of time it took to process the check itself.  This review could have been left off there, but a bartender felt the need to come ask us how things were when he heard my party grumbling about how long it was taking to process our checks.  His input was insulting and unnecessary.  We know it would take time to take care of 3 cards, but not 10 minutes. However, he decided to interject that it would take a long time to process 5 cards. We had 3, and no one asked for his concern or assumptions. Actually, if an employee is going to offer customer service, that employee should try to remedy the situation, or keep it from getting worse. He decided to insult and make it worse. The waitress can thank him for the final nail in the coffin for not getting a further tip than her enforced 20% added on without any notification. Sadly, I will not be returning, and advise all to stay away from this restaurant.If you're in the mood for ridiculously delicious nachos, this is the place to be. We ordered 3 plates of veggie nachos with guacamole (+$3) to share between 8 people and everyone loved them!
The place is very casual, perfect for dinner and drinks any night of the week. The service was also super. Our waitress split the bill by our individual orders and saved us from the venmo/cash/card mess.Decent selections of craft beers. The bartender Casey makes this seem like a neighborhood bar in the big city.I went there because of the great reviews of the chicken nachos. They were very good..maybe a little 'beany'  but still one of the very best around. With chicken and guac its around $17 for a half order. We went there early on a sat and we were the only ones there. Music was BLARING loud and the staff acted like we were invisible and they had the 'who gives a crap about you' attitude. I had a soda that was not drinkable ..not sure why but there was a heavy chemical taste to it. I didn't bother the waiter with it. Food was good, but we wont be back for the atmosphere.Got off work that Friday and had to let our hair down. Ordered a pitcher of peach margaritas that took all of our cares away. The food was better than expected for the bar atmosphere. A great place to go if you don't want to see the people you are dining with. As my friend says, it was darker than a Mobb Deep track. Bathrooms are on the third floor so don't wait til the last second to go. 
Definitely a great place for chillaxing all cool in a loud, dark atmosphere.I was at Jose's for a late dinner a few months ago, around 9pm on a weeknite, the downstairs eating area was fairly empty, which was nice for a quiet casual dinner. At one point during the dinner, a HERD of mice came running through the dining area. Note that a herd of mice is about 10 mice. Yup, there were literally 10 mice just running around going crazy for crumbs in there. Needless to say I have not been back since this experience, hopefully they have taken care of their mice problem since then, but I'm not going back to risk it.The food is amazing as is the beer selections! I've come here for lunch many times and am always blown away by the food.  The brisket is AMAZING!! 
The only thing I didn't like was that it was a bit too dark ~ but that's me being nit picky.  Bring some friends and have some drinks, you're going to enjoy yourself!My husband and I visited Jose Pistolas before a show the other night and were really put-off. We got there at the early end of happy hour, and due to lack of seating downstairs, head to the bar on the second floor. The bartender seemed to care less about serving us and answering questions about the food and drink menu and more about talking to the waitress.  The customer service continued to prove poor. The food could have redeemed our experience but only added to it, unfortunately; I ordered the veggie quesadilla and the cheese wasn't even melted.Amazing nachos, and had the cauliflower taco which was also so so good!! The one waiter was too busy talking to three other female guests, giving them free drinks and was not serving us. Had to wait a while to get service which we weren't happy with, but food was good.Good Mexican food. Pretty decent tacos, but get Guac or an app to start cuz a taco order won't fill one. Decent beer selection and relative cheap for a good pour. Will be back, but it's not game changing.I was very excited for Joe Gunn's (get it Jose Pilstola??) jawn but I was really disappointed.  Portions were small and overpriced and I'm not really sure what it's trying to be. Like someone said, it's more "Mexican bar food" than a restaurant where you can happen to get your drink on.    That's cool amd all. .  It's really focused on beer and beer snobs, also cool but not what i'm into.   It's cool to have a non chain place on that block but it's not my scene.  .The tacos are just amazing. I find this doing a search. Good for groups. Dark and gloomy interior that adds a great ambience if that's what your into. Very chill and easy going. Staff is super nice and they have wifi!:: the birthday kid, part I ::
a group of yelpers descended upon pistola's in mid december with a reason to celebrate: birthdays! being born amidst the holiday frenzy, poor valissa W, yuri R & myself thought we'd show santa who's boss and chose this chill center city spot to flaunt our black-hole birthday pride. 
bartender casey is the best around* (nothin's gonna ever bring him down!) seriously - he owns the title of philadelphia mag's best bartender and will proudly show you his plaque (kept modestly below the bar). while friends and i perused the menu, casey informed us of our various options in song, belting out the list of tacos, burritos & more to whatever tune happened to be playing on the jukebox. skillz! he also didn't skip a beat when it came to refreshing my glass of alagash white, even as i played musical chairs around the bar.
as for food, we decided to share a platter of guac-topped nachos. good call on sharing as this was no plate - it was a boat! we each tackled the mass of cheese, bean, tomato, jalepeno & guac doused tortillas from a different end yet never met in the center. thankfully, this dish had the quality to match the quantity. yum.
i didn't wax the floor. or sweep the leg. no one got put in a body bag (or so i hope!) all in all, i had a birthday celebration of champions. take that, santa!
* this one's for casey: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Qae_TUTeGoI'm the "friend" that accompanied fellow Yelp reviewer Dallas to this particular establishment and can back up her claims in spades. In fact, the food was so terrible that we had to go to another restaurant right after we were done with our measly-ass portions. And I ain't even a big eater, either. You want Belgian beer? Go to Monk's or countless other bars that are eons beyond this joint. You want Mexican food? Go to El Azteca, or even El Vez if you're looking for the hip factor. It might be a Stephen Starr restaurant, but at least you'll get better service and better food in standard portions.I always have a good time here. I love the cozy feel, affordable menu and good food. The bartenders are always a bit to relaxed but they are quite pleasant and get things right. You can watch a game but its not a loud sports bar. I happily voted for it as "best bar" for Philly Mag's Best of list.Ok - I had to come on and write a review because I was so impressed with my bartender! Chris you were legit for teaching me about Mescal on my first experience drinking what is now my new favorite drink! We went there to try Mescal because I read they had it and I wanted to know what it was, and our bartender - Chris I think? - was super knowledgable about it and helped me understand what it was and the variety differences. Also - on a side note it was crazy they had Sharknado 3 on. Good night :)Pistola's used to have my favorite nachos. I have been going here for five years. Not anymore. You think it would be announced that there is a new chef? I guess not. The nachos that I thought about all day were not what arrived on a plate.  They were different and the portions are less than half the originsl size. 
Although our waitress Olivia helped to get us seated quickly, the rest of the service was terrible. Our food and drinks took a long time to come out, and when the food came out wasn't what we expected. One of us mentioned that the food was different. Instead of an explanation, something to make us feel that as a customer was right, the server made us feel like we were at fault. The food was all the same only presented differently? I think not.
I could have dealt with all of this. But as a former waitress, I will not tolerate having a gratuity added onto my bill without notice. no where on the menu did it say  that an additional gratuity can be added for a certain party size. We were
only a party of six and a 20 percent gratuity was added. Watch out, everyone!
When the bartender walked by our table, he asked if we were okay. One of us said we are just waiting for the bill. The bartender said something along the lines of "It takes a long time to run five cards." At the time there were only five of us left at the table, but  we did not pay with cards. The way we were publically treated was rude and humiliating, not to mention untrue.
I will have to find new favorite nachos. There are plenty of places in Philly. I'm never ever going back to Pistola's again. You should find somewhere else, too.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They gave us recommendations on dishes, and I chose tacos. These were some of the best tacos that I had in my life. I could not stop thinking about them all night. I would highly recommend grabbing a bite here if you are in the area.I love their margaritas!  especially the guava flavored.  You can order by the glass or by a pitcher.  The pitcher serves about 6 glasses.  
They have a pretty decent list of beers on tap and bottle.
I love the nachos here as well.  They have vegetarian options which is great
Its a great neighborhood bar. They have two TVs at the bar, which is great for watching sport games.One of my favorite, go-to places in Center City. I love the unique tex-mex menu. Great guacamole. AMAZING nachos. Nachos are pretty much my favorite food and these are legit. I came in ridiculously hungry for lunch one day, ordered nachos for myself, and ate maybe 2/3 of the plate. They are huuuuuge. I'm bringing someone to help me next time. I love the pepita salsa, too. 
I actually found this place right after I moved to Philly last March, on the craft beer bus. Said bus "tour" includes a lot of other craft beer bar gems, so this place is in good company. It seemed like a location that was in an area I was vaguely familiar with and not too far from the regional rail (suburban station), so I decided to start my day here. Excellent choice. They only have about 16 taps, but they're always filled with good stuff (plus there's a second bar upstairs). I love when they have Deschutes Chainbreaker. Good local and west coast beer selections! Great selection of US craft and European bottles, too.
The decor and staff might look intimidating at times, especially for this location, but I've always had great service. Everyone is really nice. 
The only downside is that the bathroom is on the 3rd floor. Knowing that I now try to plant myself on the second floor so there aren't so many stairs to climb.Freedom tacos are so good. I'm already craving them and cannot wait to return. Also excellent pomegranate mojitos. My dining companion had the burrito and said it was the best she had ever had. She also loved their homemade hot sauce.Just ate here on a packed Saturday night. Quickly seated, great service and great food and drinks!! Everything was a pleasant surprise. Had a margarita, salsa and chips and Korean rib tacos - all delicious!!
Although was a little pricey - $12 for 2 tacos.Stopped in here for lunch today and found it quite enjoyable.  The downstairs dining area was very small and therefore I slightly suspected that maybe the food would not be all that great.  Fortunately that was an inaccurate notion.
My wife and I shared the chips w chipotle guacamole. The guacamole stands right up there withe best of them, including El Vez.  I usually prefer a bucket of sour cream to accompany my nachos/chips however the guacamole was creamy and the chipotle sauce dressed neatly on top set this app off.
For our entrees, I went with the spicy pork quesadillas and the wife selected the chicken tinga tacos.  Both portions were of very good size.  In fact, in hindsight we could have split one meal to go with our app since this was a lunch visit.  Both entrees were delicious but I think the quesadilla is the victor of the two!
Service was nothing out of the ordinary.  The food did come out at a nice pace and water glasses never hit E.  Just not overly friendly, but we will pass them on attentiveness.
Now if you gulped down a few glasses of water like I did, be prepared to climb three or four flights of stairs to hit the restroom.  I am thinking that there may have been another restroom that was out of order but this was the only game in town during this particular experience.  One very small bathroom with a mirror hung low enough to admire your mid section and nothing higher...
This place is worth a visit and got the feeling that it could be a fun weekend spot!I have been here a handful of times and it's always great. Of course all good things do come to a end.... While enjoying a delicious Dale's and some football. We were treated to a nice sized mouse for two quarters running around the floor. Sure, it's a city, but this was a little more then I expected. Restaurants have mice, I just prefer not to see them.I was in Philly this past week for work and went to Jose Pistolas with my college roommate on Tuesday night for drinks and dinner. One of their happy hour specials was margarita pitchers which you definitely can't go wrong with! It was a great margarita! For dinner I got the carnitas tostada and my friend got the chicken burrito. We also got chips with salsa and gucamole to share. The tosada was very good but I am glad that we also got the chips with salsa and guac to share because the tostada was very small and I would not have been filled up on just that. I was expecting a few tostadas but instead just got one on the plate with all the fillings on top. This is partially my fault since I didn't ask how large it was, but I guess I just figured that since it was listed as a dinner and not an appetizer, it would have been large enough. Either way, it was very tasty. The guacamole and chips were awesome! The guac was very fresh tasting and the chips were crunchy with just the right amount of salt. The atmosphere of the bar is really cool and has a great vibe. Our server was very poliet and attentive to us during the whole meal. A great experience!Great beer selection - both bottles and draft list. And the food is amazing as well!  I highly recommend it, especially during the week.We had great service at this place. They were very attentive with refilling our drinks and even adjusted the air for us! My friend did not know that her fish was fried and a new order was put in right away and she was able to change her meal with no problem. The food was pretty typical for mexican and prices reasonable for the entrees.Stumbled upon Jose Pistola's after a terrible brunch at Brick American Eatery.  Luckily we were able to get some drinks and appetizers here since we were all hungry as we did not eat our entrees at Brick.  Beers were gold and hot the spot.  The chips and salsa were ok.  Chips would have been great of they were warm.  Salsa was ok.  Cheese dip was not hot enough and was nothing special.  Would not order that again.  The pork mini buns were out of this world.  Flavor for days, warm, juicy with just enough crunch.  I will be heading back soon!  Very eager to try more from their menu.  Bartender was not very friendly but whatever, he was efficient with refills on the drinks.  And they have a $35 brunch special!!Look, I realize that lime prices are way out of whack what with the Mexican drug cartels having leveraged the market and all but still, I'll be needing a wedge adorning the rim of my margarita. 
Anyway, a great bar with excellent, reasonably authentic Mexican fare and a nice beer selection. And the ceviche description is the first real laugh a menu has given me in a long time.OH MA GAH...bangin' nachos, tiraditto (or whatever they call it, it's basically sashimi meets ceviche), drink (whatever that was that has the serrano peppers), and very friendly bartender/awesome possum service. Oh yeah, I'm coming back!Not bad.
I came with a friend during Happy Hour... $3 sangria with a star anise essence? Sign me up. The food was unremarkable, but maybe it was because we ordered just a few tacos from the HH menu. The chicken in the chicken tacos was dry, it could have used a little cheese or something. The pork tacos were also kind of meh.  They were soft corn tortillas, pretty stale and for some reason, there were two tortillas for each taco.  I gave up pretty quickly and just ate the filling with a fork.
We did like the guacamole, served with those yummy extra-thick chips with sea salt. 
The trip upstairs to the restroom was gross, dark, and the stairs were a little slippery. One bathroom is not marked as such and I waited forever to use the other one, in which a couple appeared to be having hot and noisy sex. 
I held my pee until I got back to my hotel.As a native Angelino, mexican food I know.  This place has fantastic authentic mexican food for anywhere but especially in Philly?! What?  Yes!  It is Awesome!!  I couldn't believe it.  The tortilla soup was one of the best I've ever had.  The nachos are the BEST I've ever had!  Layers of homemade chips, with a delicious cheese sauce (like a bchamel) and quest fresco, pickled purple onion, jalapeos, beans, mexican cream, topped with guacamole.  It's big and tasty!  Every time I'm in Philly I always stop there.  
PS, it's great to watch sporting events.I am embarrassed to admit this but....ever since I discovered this place with my roommate less than 2 weeks ago, I've been here FOUR times. I keep bringing different ppl back here because it's so awesome.
So far, I've been hooked on the margaritas. They are yummyyy, don't taste strong, but definitely are. Both their house and blood orange flavors are good. All the food I've tried has been SO good as well. The tofu tacos are my favoritee definitely try them, and the veggie quesadillas were really good too. Even the guac that came with the chips was surprisingly addictive. Love the ambiance as well - if you want something a bit more fun and loud, stay downstairs with the music and bar, and if you are looking for good convo time with friends with a comfortable amount of space, they have lots of tables upstairs too.
Love the waiters upstairs, so far they have always been fast with my service, and never pressure us to leave. A friend and I shared a pitcher of margaritas and food for almost 3 hours during happy hour and we didn't even have to think twice about it! Love when that happens. 
Definitely come here and enjoy their food and drinks!I had probably the worst burrito I've ever had at this place. The black beans smelled like dirty socks and I couldn't even finish it. And i Love burritos.
The beer selection was decent but oddly, they only have one mexican beer on the menu. The server was at best unconcerned and at worst kinda rude.
The nachos were ok. I don't think I'll ever be eating here again though.This bar brings the whole neighborhood down.  It was fine a few years ago, but over the past few months, the bar has started having live music 2-3 nights a week.  This brings in a rough and rowdy crowd and music that is way too loud!!!  Not to mention band members who smoke pot right outside the back entrance.  I have complained numerous times, however the bar tenders and managers do not care at all.  I hope this place gets shut down by the Public Nuisance Task Force.I went there today with a coworker for lunch. I had the black bean burger with french fries. I know what i am about to say goes against most of the other recent yelps about Jose Pistolas......here is comes....My food was excellent. I loved the fries and the burger. The sauce was particularly yummy. My friend got a burritos with black beans and shrimp and some other stuff in it and it was also spicy and delicious! The service eh. We didn't get drink and it was kinda dark in there for lunch but my stomach says yes to all the other parts. I am looking forward to going back and trying something else!Ehh, I've had better. Had two beef tacos ($7.50) for lunch. The ingredients seemed sub-par honestly: the soft taco tortilla, the cheese, the meat. I walk in around lunch time and this place is dark as a cave. I wasn't sure if they were open. The bartender pops out ===SURPRISE=== like a jack out of a box. Okay, that was a little exaggerated, but you get the point. I sit at the bar and since I was the only customer in the place, the food comes out speedy. I guess I was expecting authentic style, unrealistically. 
If you can go the distance, go to Taqueria La Veracruzana on Washington.
Food Quality/Taste =  2 Star
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Star
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 StarsCame here with one goal in mind, to drink margaritas,and that I did. I would say the guava was definitely the best flavored margarita, but I wish it was slightly stronger and that there was an option for frozen. 
For dinner I got the Korean rib tacos, while good I don't think that the pear salsa was on the tacos. I also got the spicy tuna guacamole, which was delicious, but I hoped for a larger serving beings it was $15. Overall the food was good but hoping for bigger portions for the prices.I dunno about this place.  I really appreciate the great beer selection, but I was out for mexican food!  I ordered tacos and a margarita... the food was alright, but the marg was really not good.  I switched to some of their great beers, and had a pretty good time, but it really wasn't what I was expecting.You would think a bar wouldn't necessarily have GREAT food but this place is Awesome. I LOVE the drinks. I'm not a big bear person but they have some GREAT beers for the non beer drinker. Also, they have this soy ground dish that's to die for OMG it will make vegetarian-believer out of any meat eater. Cozy upstairs bar and friendly staff.I went to dinner at Jose Pistola's on a Saturday night. We asked for a table for 2 and they said it would be about a 20 minute wait, so we grabbed seats at the bar and ordered drinks - I had he original Margarita and it was very tasty but seemed a bit light on the alcohol. Also something good to know- the bar is full service so if you don't want to wait for a table or are looking for a more casual night you can order dinner at the bar. Our table was ready in under ten minutes so we quickly relocated. The wait time here seems pretty low as other parties who joined us at the bar were quickly seated too. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and unfortunately forgot to get a pic before I dug in! It looked and tasted amazing. My sandwich came with fries and for the price was a great deal. The bread was toasted perfectly and they didn't skimp on the fillings. I ended up taking half of it home which was a nice lunch the next day. My friend got fish tacos and he said he was also very pleased with his meal. However, I will say that our waiter wasn't super friendly and not very attentive. His service didn't match the upbeat vibe of the rest of the restaurant- maybe he was just having a bad day tho- happens to the best of us. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here and would go back again without question.