This place got pretty good DIM SUM but would be better if they have greater selections. Service at this place is great! This is always for number choice for Dim SUM in the Philly area!!!Of the dim sum places I've been to in Philly, this is my favorite. They offer a wide variety of items to choose from and it's all extremely tasty. My favorite cart, of course, is always the buns and the sesame balls. 
The staff was extremely friendly and helpful too. They did look at my friend funny when she was trying to describe the one item she was looking for, but they made sure to bring it out to us when another plate of meatballs came out. 
Fabulous all around.Joy Tsin Lau is your typical Chinese restaurant located right in the heart of Chinatown. They have a large space with many tables. They have an upstairs (usually held for banquets) and downstairs for regular patrons. They have a large menu with your typical (known) Chinese food like walnut shrimp, fried rice, noodles etc. They also have the not so typical Chinese food like fresh water shrimp (my favorite), fish maw soup or a fresh water eel dish. This is a good place to go to if you just want Chinese food or if you are feeling adventurous to try different dishes.this is my top restaurant in chinatown!
the food and service are amazing! we been eating at Joy Tsin Lau for long time, and each time we have a great time and love their food, we love their lobster salad and cold cut appetizers, the lamb hot pot with scallions was the best, and the seafood in nest was so good , the dry scallops and OX sauce fried rice tasted so good as well. we definitely will come back soon.Dim sum on carts! I really like Joy Tsin Lau - it's really fast, decent dim sum for a really low price - I am always surprised at how little my meal ends up costing here. They have a huge variety of dim sum dishes, and they're super eager to help get you what you want if you don't happen to see it on a cart. The food itself is pretty good, although the congee could use some improvement. Overall, a great place for casual dim sum!My first experience with Dim Sum was in this place and I love it.  There were so many things to choose from.  I love the shrimp dish, there is a picture of it in the picture section.  The beef meat balls were good too. The fragrance from  jasmine tea that they serve is  very relaxing and a perfect addition to their food.  I wanted to crawl in the sesame balls and sleep in it.   Anyway, bottom line is that the food is good, the service is good and the decoration is really red.  If you have a question I suggest talking to one of the waiters instead of the ladies that push the cart.A great place for traditional Cantonese Dim Sum.The inside is very authentic Chinese restaurant style. We very somewhat upset when we were seated in the corner with another table blocking us. The carts couldn't past us and this ruined the experienced. Before we even ordered I wanted to leave but the date wanted to stay to not be rude. We ended up leaving after ordering one dish of shrimp dumplings. Price was cheap. So wouldn't be fair to review their food.Today was my first dim sum experience ever and I loved it...
There's always a long line to get in but i usually moves fast so it should be about 10 to 15 min max... I loved the steamed pork ribs and the fried dumplings... The also have fried salt and pepper shrimp which is absolutely delicious and very recommendable...
The service honestly is really bad but I'm ok with that as long as the quality of the food is good (so don't expect rock star treatment but really good quality food)... At the end dim sum for two (incluiding 6 different appetizers and 2 sodas) was only 20 bucks... cant beat that!!We went to Joy Tsin Lau for the first time today for dim sum. I have been an Ocean Harbor regular for about two years, but I think almost everything is better at Joy Tsin Lau, with the notable exception of the rice congee.
As one would expect, we ordered many dim sum dishes; however, I will just hit the highlights. The turnip cakes were really great and with a larger portion size than is typical, something I definitely appreciate. The zongzi, leaf-wrapped steamed rice, we found wonderfully dark after being steamed in the leaves for so long, and they were filled with incredibly tender and fatty meat. These were my favorite. I also thought the shumai were very well done. The cheung fan were so delicious my partner could not stop eating them!
One complaint is that we didn't see any green vegetables roll around until we were nearly done eating, although everything else was plentiful. I usually like a smoky green veggie with my dim sum, but we missed out today. The congee was good, but as I mentioned, I think Ocean Harbor's is better.
We arrived around 11:00am which was just in time to beat the line. We were literally eating within two minutes of walking in the front door. The price of a pot of tea, 5 small dishes and 2 large dishes was $25 including tip. Not bad!I brought my 4 year old daughter here for Dim Sum after the flower show, once we discovered that Ong's Noodle shop has closed.  We first tried Pho 75 but my dd wanted DUMPLINGS and Pho 75 doesn't have them.
Joy Tsin Lau sure does.  We had Har Gow (excellent), Shiu Mai (just OK) and Steamed Dumploings - very heavy/doughy with vile, bone-chip-laden, mystery meat filling.  BLECH!
Meanwhile, we also ordered Chicken fried rice with extra scambled egg - and dd loved that.  An enormous plateful for 5.95 - took alot home.
They treat us very well - but the digs are ancitent and the bathroom was freezing cold and FILTHY.  The floor was literally sticky.  Eeeeeeew!
1-2 stars for the dining digs and 3-4 stars for food (but skip the dumplings on the menu and get dim sum.)Quick trip to Philly with some friends and hit JTL.  Easy walk from the convention center and Reading Terminal area.  We just beat the lunch rush on a Saturday afternoon.  Food was great.  I lean more towards the meat dishes over the seafood, so the soup was slightly disappointing with the shrimp duumplings.  Everything else I had was good.  
I do agree with the other reviewer to steer clear of the fried food cart.  I bit too fishy, no pun intended.
Overall, make a trip to JTL.  You'll enjoy.I came to Joy Tsin Lau twice recently after having frequented another dim sum place in Chinatown (not Ocean Harbor or the newly opened one next door) - and I have developed more respect for Joy Tsin Lau's dim sum. I am a big fan on turnip cake, and I really enjoy this establishment's turnip dish because it is filled with lots of actual turnip slices and sizable chunks of meat (the other place was mostly that flour-y mess). Sui Mai (tofu wrapped pork and various meats) is solid. Their shrimp cheung fun (white, semi translucent dough wrapper) is standard, as are their tripe and chicken feet dishes! Quick service as always.非常滿意！無論飲茶還是点菜味道很好，份量也足，價格還不貴！此店的裝潢古色古香，充滿中國傳統文化的氣息，让人流連忘返。強力推薦Oh Joy Tsin Lau. I really enjoy your dim sum, I really do. The food is done pretty well. Not perfect but good enough to satisfy my dim sum and Chinese dumpling cravings. And the prices are pretty comparable to other dim sum places in chinatown. My only real complaints with this place are the service and long line that no matter what time I come seems to always be present (though I guess this indicates it is a good restaurant). In regards to the long line the issue with this is there is inadequate space for both people waiting to come in and those trying to squeeze out. It's just uncomfortable. The service can be disappointing at times. I feel like every time I come I have to get someone's attention just to get my water refilled. That being said, they always give you a big pot of green tea which I greatly appreciate.We walked in at 11:15am on a Sunday and were able to be seated immediately once we got through the line.  The restaurant is spacious enough that plenty of dim sum carts (including grills where certain dishes are made in front of you) can wind around easily.
There is a good representation of authentic dishes with a few  Americanized options (we saw bacon wrapped scallops and rainbow-colored Jello wheel by) if you have a range of eaters.  We stuck to authentic and particularly enjoyed the pork spare ribs (very tender and flavorful without being too fatty), shrimp dumplings (generous meat and delicate wrappings), shrimp-stuffed peppers, shrimp stuffed in tofu skin, and egg tarts (with the perfect amount of sweetness).  Congee, cold jellyfish, chicken feet and chiang fun (stuffed flat rice noodles) were also good.  All together, the meal and leftovers totaled $31 for 3 people, which was pretty reasonable.DIMSUM REVIEW:
My friend  insisted that this place was better than Ocean Harbor for dimsum.  I thought I'd at least check it out to see if he was right.  The only advantage of this place over Ocean Harbor is that it's less crowded.  Most of the dimsum items were pretty similar with a few variations like boneless spare ribs.  The MAJOR downfall was that everythign was cold.  I'm not quite sure why since we got there relatively early- just before 11AM  so it's not like the food was sitting in the cart for a while.  So, lesson learned- stick with what you know is good, and don't take dimsum suggestions from white people.- Decent service, good food, and pretty good prices. 
-Can't beat their dim sum! 
- Large variety of dishes, many excellent variations of dumplings and wontons. 
- Great vegetarian food!On Sunday, my best friend and I headed to Chinatown to eat some dim sum. I was very excited and he told me this place was a great spot so we decided to stop here. The line at this place is just way too long! We only waited about 10 minutes but I just wish the place would be bigger to host the number of people that come to eat. At Joy Tsin Lau, servers walk around with trays and you just pick whatever you want from the tray. I really like the idea but the way it ended up working out was not so fantastic. Because we were not in the center of the room, it took us a while to get the food that we wanted (I wanted dim sum and the tray only came while I was done eating.. which made me sad! The staff is nice and cares about their customers. The food overall did taste good. Heads up: try the tofu sort of flan, (in the dessert tray), it comes covered with tea and it is very good despite how it sounds/look. 
One more things I was not too crazy about.. You do not know the price of what you pick for mostly everything until the end which can end upFor a Philadelphia restaurant, this place is huge. Known for the dim sum here, the regular menu actually is pretty good too. They have one of the largest selections of items you can get for dim sum that I've seen. There's little chance you won't find something you don't like here.do not how restaurants run like this?!??! It was like eating in a sauna.  Save ur money.  all the food was stale n mushy WTHThis isn't the kind of Chinese food you get in a lot of restaurants. It's possible to avoid soy sauce here, and for that reason I love this place. 
My favorite items here are the eggplant, potstickers, tofu, and chive dumplings, and I am sure I am forgetting a few things. I have tried the chicken feet and thought them a bit nasty. But worth a try anyway. They taste just like heaps and heaps of chicken skin. 
The sesame balls are popular with my grandparents of all people. I don't like them, but try them anyway. Fortunately the prices are very reasonable.A line for a Chinese restaurant, you've gotta be kidding me. We were walking through China town and I had heard about this place, but a line?!?! So what did we do, we did what any other Americans would do, we stood in it, and watched it grow behind us like rampant kudzu. 45 minutes later we were in the funky smelling restaurant with rampaging waiters and ladies pushing dim sum carts, **** YEAH!. 
Sat down, had the typically array: har gow, shui mai, pot stickers, bao (their bao is doughy win), Chinese broccoli, sticky rice. Everything was not the best I've ever had, but it was very good, filling, fast and excellent considering how mobbed this joint was, I mean, people were almost pushing to get in here. Per routine, they wrote Chinese characters on our bill so I had no clue how much we were tacking up but Dim sum is generally not spendy. Like 20$, it was awesome. 
Came back a few times, same crowd, same food.   A+ for consistency. 
Don't let some of the smells or the restroom scare you, it's China town. Be hardcore and get some staple dim sum treats. You want to see scary? Go to Kowloon in Hong Kong. I went into a restroom that mentally eviscerated me for life- so this stuff is nothing.I have lived in the Philly area for all of my life, and I am Chinese.  This place is disgusting-looking.  The decor has been the same for 20+ years, red carpet and very dirty-looking.  The only times that I have eaten here are when the other dim sum places are packed, and I've been really hungry.  The food I think was okay, but really, the atmosphere makes me dislike the food.  And if they take so much care to keep the restaurant clean, who knows what the food is like.  Ocean Harbor across the street is better.Damn! I've ate so many times with my dad until one visit ruined it all for me. I found a cockroach in my dumpling... The lady server told me "It's okay baby its okay"... And afterwards they still made us pay! Unbelievable!!! Anyway, I'd definitely go somewhere else if you don't want any roaches in your food..So much FUN! Ate there for the first time. Didn't know we were going just for dim sum but love it! The carts are neat but the women pushing them are great! Food was YUMMY! Loved the classic American-Chinese decor and the fun lunch we had! Going back when we are in town.My favorite dim-sum place in town. Probably eat here at least once a month and always on a Saturday or Sunday. Sometimes the service is hit or miss, but have never been let down with the food.We went on a Saturday at 10:45 AM and were one of the first customers . The set-up was nice (I like the over-the-top decor of everything red, shiny, and gold), bathrooms clean, and servers were thoughtful (they offered one of our non-Asian friends a fork, a rare gesture in such bustling places.) 
The food is distinctively less salty (i.e. the sticky rice wrapped in bamboo leaves) and heavy compared to Ocean Harbor, it's towering enemy across the street, and other dim sum restaurants I've been to in Dallas. I was fine with that but at the same time, my taste buds felt a little misplaced. 
What really removes a star from this review is that the radish rice cake, a staple of dim sum, was grossly undercooked. Dough is not palatable, and a complete turn-off. Also, I did not see the plates of shrimped-wrapped-in-rolls-of-rice...what the heck!
On the flip side, their steamed pork ribs were so juicy and meaty, pleasing my inner carnivore. 
Pricing is incredibly cheap, as inexpensive as Ocean Harbor. It's likely that I won't get undercooked radish cakes again here, but maybe next time...as a last resort, I'll find out.Dim sum in Philly is mediocre.  This is extremely sad to me since i grew up on dim sum as a kid in LA.  Alas, i am left to hold my cravings for my visits back to the west coast.
I think i would probably give this place 3 stars if the same food came out, except hot.  I get the sense that they mass produce their food early and then let it sit there on the kitchen and get cold.  cold egg tarts and lukewarm dumplings?  No thanks. 
But even if the food was piping hot, i still wouldn't be a fan.   Aside from the food, i think the service is just fine.
Anyway, even though i just said this place isn't that great, i will come here if I'm really craving dim sum.  It's probably the second best option in terms of food, ocean harbor being number one in Chinatown.  Except the staff at ocean harbor is so incredibly rude that i won't go there (see my review of ocean harbor; also, if you read other yelpers' reviews you'll see that being decent human beings is a real problem for them).Joy Tsin Lau is known to be pretty popular for dim sum on the weekends in Philly. They have the usual selection, cool things about this restaurant is that they pan fry an assortment of cakes (water chestnut, radish, taro) on the rolling carts. Some of the carts have warmers powered by butane fuel tanks, which helps to keep the dishes piping hot.  Several dishes came out cold and quite disappointing. We tried the xiao long bao and it was cold and rubbery -- almost choked my bf and had to perform the heimlich! Decor here is quite colorful and tacky, definitely a fun place to come as a tourist.Tried the dim sum here one weekend.  Previously tried "Ocean Harbor" for dim sum (Restaurant directly across from Joy Tsin Lau).  This place makes sure you know you are eating at a "2010 Top 100 Chinese Restaurant in USA" with their signs.  
Food (8.75/10) = Pretty standard fare of dim sum in terms of selection.  The selection was similar to "Ocean Harbor." The food seemed like it tasted better than Ocean Harbor, yet the line to Joy Tsin Lau was not as long as her competitor.  
Ambiance (7.5/10) = standard chinese restaurant decor. 
Service (7.0/10) = standard dim sum service.  Refill the tea pot when needed.  Chinese lady with the cart.  Was annoyed after having to ask for water from 3 different waiters.  I know a dim sum place can get hectic on a weekend, but come on people....it's water.  
Overall Opinion = In terms of dim sum, I don't really have a preference between Ocean Harbor and this place.   In terms of being a top 100 Chinese restaurant in this country....well, I'm not sure about that.  Maybe their menu items are what got them this recognition.I've been going to this place for over ten years. The owner is so sweet. It's always packed!!! We have waited for a while on the ramp with no one saying anything. We had a reservation and still waited thirty minutes. The service can be a bit slow sometimes that is why I took a star off. They should have someone to regularly come by and fill waters and tea.  Food is consistent and yummy! I never leave here hungry that's for sure!The taste of the food was quite good, but ALL dim sum dishes served to us were ranging from warm to cold in temperature at 11:15am (which is a big minus), and after visiting their bathroom I really question the cleanliness of the kitchen as well as the whole restaurant.
Somehow none of the dim sum places in Chinatown Philly didn't convince me that it's possible to have a good dim sum experience here.Went here on a week day afternoon and they sold dim sum, they were a bit cold but flavor wise not bad. We ordered a 6 people set of food, many see food dishes. Again, did't taste the freshness in most of the dishes. Service is ok. Like the decor of the restaurant.Martin wanted to go back to Nan Zhou for a third time! On the way there, we saw this place and went in. We had Pan Fried Noodles with Seafood and the Crispy Fried Tofu with 3 different mushrooms. The Pan Fried Noodles needed a bit more sauce and we ended up drizzling some soy sauce over it. Honestly, that's not a good sign. The Tofu was quite enjoyable but the cuts of tofu were humongous. The tofu was crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside and it was perfect with the shiitake mushrooms, I didn't care for the other mushrooms they used and didn't try it. I've had tofu cooked this way before and it's really much better when the tofu is cut in smaller sizes. Unfortunately, their food wasn't impressive enough for me to want to go back again.I only visit during dinner hours, and only after the typical dinner rush....usually 8 pm. My girlfriend and I have been impressed each time we've visited, as the dinner specials are usually great - we don't expect much as it IS chinese food, but the special would offer wonton soup, a cheap non-alcoholic drink, fried noodles, an entree for each of us, and a dessert (usually sliced oranges?!) for about $10 each. That's a great deal, and the quality & quantity are above the fare you'd get at any take-out shop.
The food has been consistently great in our experience and the wait staff attentive and visible - maybe because we go in after the typical dinner crowd. 
I always try something different that I rarely/never order from any other chinese restaurant - maybe something duck-related, and I'm never disappointed. 
The interior of the restaurant definitely looks dated, but it's still a nice place for guests. I can only imagine how busy it gets during the lunch/dinner crowds, though. Also, for some reason, the decorum evokes images of a Triad organization whenever we drop in. Maybe it's just me, or maybe it's that the wait staff are consistently dressed up and the owners, with some staff, are always sharing a large dinner table by the fish tanks, and I associate that as something I'd see in an organized crime movie. ...Eh, well, Joy Tsin Lau is still a great place and we'll continue to have late-dinner there when we're in Chinatown.
Bottom line: the food's cheap, tasty enough, and a damn great place to drop-in late at night.I'm not going to waste too much of my precious time writing about Joy Tsin Lau. The rating says it all. 
The food was too forgetful.Definitely a fan.  The quality of the food is good--not the regular smothered in salt Chinese food that somehow gets into the less expensive Chinese restaurants.  Good food and good prices.  Very happy.Overall a great experience. I've been here probably 10 times in my life, and every time has been overall pretty positive.
The environment is pretty cool. Upon entering, you might notice how crowded the place is (particularly for dimsum on saturday/sunday). This is for good reason: the place is quite good, and excellent value for money.
We waited in line for about 15 minutes (pretty good, considering we went at the peak of the peak time for sunday brunch) and were finally seated.
It's very red inside, and plastered all around are pictures of the owner, Mabel Chi Chan, who apparently has hosted many famous faces at this restaurant.
Environment: 4/5
We had a variety of dishes, including sticky rice, congee, chicken legs, fried leek dumplings, steamed pork buns, and and shu mai
While I won't go into each one individually, I'll say that the food was quite good overall. I haven't experienced significant variability in terms of quality of dimsum food in my life, but one of the biggest risks is getting cold food. At Joy Tsin Lau, I don't think I've ever gotten a dish noticeably colder than it should be. The flavors were pretty good, and perhaps the best aspect of all was the fact that it ended up costing two of us only 20 dollars (tax/tip inc.). Plus, we still had a bunch of leftovers. 
I would definitely recommend this place. It's a classic dimsum place to visit, and I've grown up eating at this place with my family. If you can put up with a bit of a wait to experience one of the best dimsums in Philly, go here!
it would've been a 5/5, had it not been for the presence of a certain ms. shiWow, went here for lunch with a few of my friends for lunch and it was well worth it. We usually  head over to Ocean Harbor or Imperial but decided it was time to try out a new place. First time dim summing here and I was blown away. The dishes came out quickly and were nice and hot unlike the other locations. It was just simply delicious.
Joy Tsin Lau gets my vote for #1 dim sum in Philly.Everything feels and smells kind of dirty. The food is sub par (I can't speak to the authenticity though). I got shrimp in garlic sauce and shrimp fried rice, spicy please. The portions are large but the garlic sauce was not very flavorful and the rice was very "wet". Their idea of "spicy" was putting loads of hot sauce on everything. I hate hot sauce. Any Chinese food spot I've been to uses chili oil to make items spicy. I'm guessing all that hot sauce was part of why it was so wet. The service was weird too. One person sat us, another took our order, another brought our food, another cleaned our table off. The person who took our order was a bit rude/scowly but the person that brought our food was very nice. I had to tack someone down to get us drinks and later for the check. Overall, probably wouldn't go again.This place is horrid. My aunt and I came in on a cold winter day for lunch craving for soup dumplings. We grabbed chicken feet and some pork ribs on the two carts that passed but they were a let down. Flavors are just salt, salt, salt. After that, we requested for the 3rd cart if she is carrying pork soup dumplings. She did not understand what I was saying and had to repeat 3-5 times until the manager caught attention to step in. They delivered us our "soup" dumpling. On quotations because the soup was missing on all 6 dumplings. We complained to the lady that the soup was gone. I told them we want a dumpling that has soup inside.The manager came over and told us that the rest of the pork soup dumplings are the same as on our plate. We were undeniably disappointed. We left the place right after. Definitely NOT coming back.I've been here for dim sum and it's ok, what I really come for is the banquets! I know they got a lot of bad press from the stomach bug etc thing, my family and I ate dinner the night after the incident happened and we didn't get sick. Anyway, my family and I have been coming here for years. This place hands down is the best place in china town for a big banquet, 12 course meals and all. Grabbing food from the lazy susan with the relatives is such a great feeling. The food has varied, sometimes the lobster is overcooked, but usually the quality is great. This place has always been part of my life, celebrating birthday parties, one month celebrations of babies, weddings, even funerals; I've had countless memories here, all of which were good. If you're looking for a place to celebrate with your family, this is the place.Joy tsin lay is a well known dim sum/Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. There are lots of pictures of famous people on the walls. I think that may be the decor of the restaurant. It's not the cleanest or the nicest but very vibrant.  
I've been here for dim sum a couple of times and it's okay and not disappointing. If you're really craving dim sum, and you want something authentic, it's a good place for you.Joy Tsin Lau is a classic spot for Dim Sum in Philly. The servers walk around with carts and you just point and choose what you want. If you are a new-comer to the dim sum scene, the best tip is not to panic / order the first thing you see. Be patient - at least 6 or 7 carts will come around with various dim sum.
Order some Tsing Tao beer (pronounced Ching-Dow)  to wash it down.After having an awful time at Ocean Harbor, Joy Tsin Lau saved the day with their dim sum. My family and I were seated and had food brought to us to choose from immediately. The staff was pleasant enough and the food was hot and plentiful.
The food itself was good, but it was average dim sum fare. And don't get me wrong, that's not a bad thing at all. I like that they have normal dim sum and even some things that are a little harder to find.
The fried pork dumpling was my favorite, with the clams in black bean sauce coming in a close second. And I know this doesn't count for much, but I like their tea. I don't know if it's just me, but most asian restaurants I've been to serve weak tea. This was definitely a little stronger than most.I finally made it over to Joy Tsin Lau, the final stop on my quest for good dim sum in Philly. The "traditional" Chinese decor freaks me out a little and the cleanliness definitely left something to be desired. 
But I have to give JTL the nod over Ocean Harbor when it comes to variety. They had one cart filled with squab, snails, squid, etc. which is more exotic dim sum fare. They also had all the staples which were so-so in quality (probably equal to OH). No don tat on the dessert cart though! Good thing there are bakeries all over C-town to satisfy my post dim sum sweet tooth.
For me it's a toss up, do I head to JTL for variety or OH for cleanliness? I'll probably alternate between the two to keep things interesting.I went there for a third time on Saturday night (July 4th), and was amazed at how much, and how good, food we got for surprisingly little money. We had a disappointing meal the previous night, at several times the cost, which made Joy Tsing even more enjoyable. The fried dumplings are probably the best I've ever had: six enormous ones for $4.50. We tried the "Singapore" noodle curry, which was spicy and delicious. Our main course was the half-duck, which was more than enough. Joy Tsing served it with a stack of steamed buns, instead of the usual pancakes. The restaurant was quiet on the holiday, but its ambiance is part of the charm. There are usually large Chinese family groups ordering intriguing selections, and the menu has a range of elaborate banquet menus. Joy Tsing is very close to the Convention Center, City Hall, and Reading Terminal, and therefore easily accessible for any tourists visiting Philly.Decent restaurant, but there are so many better Chinese options in the city.The dim sum/food is good .... Have been going here for years and would of gave this place a better rating.  However, this place is so due for a major renovation! The floors to ceiling need to be replaced.  The chairs and tables are often sticky.  There is no ventilation in the place.  After dim sum, you will reek of the taro frying cart.  I know this place has good business and decent service.... But please consider a remodel/demo.very good place to go for lunch because you can sit down and immediately get served dim sum. I like that you can try a lot of different things. very tasty.This place has by far the oddest decorations.  It's so gaudy & filled with tacky Chinese decorations.  It's really odd.
It's always crowded on the weekends but the line moves relatively quickly.  The dim sum is average but Philly doesn't have an array of dim sum restaurants so this is my go-to place for now.  However, I dream of the amazing dimsum in NYC...tear tear.
Although they're crowded, I've been given some cold dim sum dishes which was disheartening.  The dimsum is just ordinary so don't get too excited.  What is cool though is their frying dim sum cart which I've never seen before.  This awesome cart has the dimsum frying on it as she passes by which is really alluring to me when I'm hangry =)This is my favorite chinese food in Philadelphia. I've been coming here since I was a child and still spend each birthday being serenaded by their karaoke.  I've never had a bad meal at Jo Tsin Lau!After 3 years of being in South Jersey we finally ventured into Philly for Dim Sum. We were not disappointed. I would say the quality of the dim sum plates were as good as you would find back in LA and in Boston's Chinatown areas. I wish I really knew some of the dish names but the standard shui mai, pork spareribs, and taro cakes were excellent. They had this amazing stuffed rice cake wrapped in banana leaves and stuffed with ground pork, sausage and other delicious goodness. 
I definitely will be going back for another roundThis is the only Dim Sum place i've been to in Philly. I've been here probably 3x, but the last experience I had was prob the worst. I went for lunch and there were a couple things that really grinded my gears.
1. It was sooo hot inside, and the waiter never came around to refill our water glasses.
2. They sat us at this table that was surrounded by other tables which made me try to understand what they were shouting or had me get up and look at the cart. 
3. The Crab Ball we got was overpriced and cold and not crispy. 
Ok now that may have been a special case. Good things about this place.
1. It's fairly cheap.
2. I love the long shrimp things in the sauce. The Taro Root Pancake things are awesome. And the sticky rice wrapped in the leaf is delicious.  Shrimp Dumplings are good. 
3. Between me and my friend we ate a total of 8 plates and cost about 26 dollars with tip. We were fulllllll. 
So if you're in the mood for dimsum I guess try to get here earlier and don't ever sit in the table surrounded by other tables.Awesome dim sum. Came here yesterday for the first time and I'm so glad we did. After 3 years of being back East, we finally gave in and drove to Philly for delicious dim sum. My hubs and I are big dim sum fans and I'm surprised it took us this long to go. We were pleasantly surprised with Joy Tsin.
We came right on time. Shortly after we arrived (around 11A), it was PACKED with a line out the door. So be sure to get here early.
We sampled Shu Mai, Fried Tarot, Shrimp Balls, Sesame Balls, Pork Ribs, and so much more. My favorites were the Fried Tarot and the rice steamed in a banana leaf with a variety of meat. Oh MY GOD. So good. I could've had 3 of them (well, not really, but you can imagine).
The servers are very attentive and the food is fresh. The seafood dumpling tasted like it'd been in a heater for a bit but other than that, all of the pieces were delicious.I had my Philly wedding banquet here and it was the best night o my life!  Manager Kevin helped me select a customized menu for my 80 guests, but I only got through the 5th course out of 10. A little salty, but delicious!  Joy Tsin Lau is a great retsuarant for intimate meals, dim dum, or big banquets.  They do it all!Last summer a friend of mine brought me here to Joy Tsin Lau. We also came with three other people. It was on a Sunday at about 12 P.M. when we were seated right near the entrance. Being that I have never been to a place that served Dim Sum before, I knew I was in for something new. We ordered 7 or 8 dishes, which came to about $30-$35. I was able to try different soups, dumplings, spring rolls, and even the taro cake (I think that's what it was). Everything I had was pretty good and I didn't really have any complaints. Whenever I am near Chinatown in Philadelphia in the future, I will be stopping here for Dim Sum again.great cantonese style foodThe dim sum here is fantastic, I wish they had more of a variety, but everything we tried was superb.  There was no wait when we went, and the dim sum carts came around pretty regularly, even tried some taro cakes served hot off of a dim sum frying cart, great... Most definetly going back.JTL isn't bad at all, but not fantastic, either. The simple rule: If you stick with basics and don't get too exotic, you'll likely be satisfied. The dim-sum is better than average. Atmosphere-wise, the place could indeed use a re-do. It can occasionally get kind of loud, and God help you if you wander in on one of the occasional karoke nights...I give it three because it's another place with dim sum carts that come around but other than that it's not the best. The food is alright as with the choices but atmosphere is kinda dangy and not fun or upbeat. Imperial Inn is way betterI'm definite a fan of this place. It was my first time and took out my family out to celebrate my sister's boyfriend's graduation of law school and my brother's birthday. The inside and outside speaks traditional or old school chinese restaurant. We had dimsum that day by cart and it was fun to pick out food as it drives by you. I had tons of coconut cake (jello like) and tons of rice noodles, and shu mai. In the end a group of 5 that ate atleast 8 plates of various dimsum came out to be 40.00 which in all was pretty good.Joy Tsin Lau remains my favorite dim sum spot in Philly, and I've only eaten here for its dimsum. They have the traditional dim sum carts or you can order off the menu. 
The four stars is for Philly quality - not to be compared to dim sum places in NY.. or the Bay Area.. or LA... or even Houston. However, for someone craving dimsum in Philly, then this is the place to go. They have pretty much all the traditional dimsum menu items in decent quality. Here are four items I must get every time I eat dim sum:
Shrimp Dumplings
Siu Mai 
BBQ port buns (steamed or baked)
Beef ballsI been a customer of them for 5 years, just love there their food. especially dim sum is really good...Went here with a group of 6 people for brunch on a Sunday. There was a table available for our group, which was impressive, and the bill came out to a whopping (haha) $29. For 6 people. I almost fainted!
The food was tasty - not amazing, but for $5 per person, it was certainly better than it needed to be to justify the price. I'm definitely a fan and will be going back.My husband and i were touring Philly from out of town for the weekend and went to Chinatown for dinner. We walked around for a while trying to decide which of the many restaurants to go to and finally decided to give this place a try. 
The decor is admittedly antiquated, but i actually liked that. I was drawn to Philadelphia in the first place because of the Old world style of it's buildings and it's history. We were seated quickly and were brought a complimentary pot of tea and fried wonton noodles/chips with 2 dipping sauces. The staff were all dressed nicely in uniforms as well and I started to wonder if we had ended up at an expensive restaurant. 
We placed our orders and our food came out within 15 minutes. Massive portions by the way. Everything tasted fantastic! My husband and i have complete opposite tastes in food but we both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. We took half of our food to go, and the price was incredibly reasonable too. Overall, i felt we had hit the jackpot with this place. 
I read some of the reviews after the fact, though, and am hoping we dont end up with a terrible case of the notorious Hershey Squirts that others seemed to contract after going here. And now that i think about it, I guess the only negative thing i encountered first hand was when i went into the bathroom just before leaving. There was a gigantic, bloody maxi pad the size of a dictionary on the floor next to the toilet... but depending on how long that had been there, that's not necessarily their fault. There are gross animals out there no matter what (and yes, there were proper disposal cans in the stall).This is our go-to dim sum place in the city.  Service can be a bit iffy, you have to be assertive to get water and more food, but the food is great.  Always a line and no cheap parking.  There is a cheaper lot up the street, or you can take public transit.  Go with someone who knows what to order or just get brave.  My favorite: har kow.Between Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean Harbor for dim sum, I think I like Joy Tsin Lau's better.  Good variety of dishes and the portions aren't as huge as Ocean Harbor, which means I can try more things.  Wait time is also less here.  Came here recently for a wedding banquet and enjoyed quite the feast... cold appetizer, soup, abalone, peking duck, lobster, quail, whole fish, seafood nest, fried rice and noodles!Ate here today good chinese food i only ate here because it was easter and nothing else was open and had to work today.The dim sum here is pretty mediocre. A lot of the steamed dumplings are over cooked to the point of falling apart (both siu mai and har gow) and a lot of dishes just needed more flavor.  The congee, for example, needed more seasoning of the rice porridge.  
This should not be your first choice of dim sum restaurants.  it's mostly tasteless food in an uninspired setting.Cheap and decent dim sum.  I'd have to try other places in the Philly area to get a more complete picture, and I've heard that Joy Tsin Lau has had better days from the other people in my group.  The food was pretty greasy (per usual) and most of the standard fare is there: pork buns, siu mai, shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, congee, pai gwat, etc.  Worth a taste if you crave dim sum but there may be other good options in Chinatown as well.This dining experience was incredibly poor. A few colleagues and I were at a conference at the local conference center and decided to meet for lunch. My colleague ordered first and did not receive his order for 2 hours for his food, after being addressed 3 times from our group. While communicating with the server, THE SERVER THEN ATTEMPTS TO SPEAK TO HIM IN SPANISH. Spanish was not spoken at the table and my collegiate is Latino so the assumption that he spoke Spanish was INCREDIBLY INAPPROPRIATE! They then attempted to charge him for food that he didn't receive. As the rest of dishes was being served, we were clarifying what our orders were but were purposely being served the dishes that the server had in their hand. One of our colleagues is pescatarian and was charged for a soup with non-seafood that she didn't eat. The staff was then difficult to work with. Philly is a foodie's paradise. Skip this place in your journey.After a bad experience at Ocean Harbor, thankfully Philadelphia has pleased my dim sum craving. The place is very accommodating and the service is fast and attentive. We went in with a group of 5. For about $70 we all left stuffed and satisfied. 
Their fried taro is delicious. Will definitely be back on my next trip!This has been my family's go-to place in Philly forever. Don't waste your time getting one or two dishes here- either get the dimsum (though I think Ocean Harbor across the street has the best dimsum in Philly) or go with a group of at least 4 and hit up the family combo meals. For $15-$20 a person, you will have a 5-7 course authentic Chinese meal. Some of my favorite choices- seafood soup, yi mein, kong shin tsai (water spinach), szechuan beef, cantonese style-lobster, and four seasons (I love baby corns!).Service was horrible, and not one spoke English which made it hard to figure out what was what.  A lot of it was bland, and almost all of it was pork.  Avoid if you don't like pork.  
Only way I would go back is if I could have a translator and someone that knew more about different options. I've had better dim sum.friend & family favorite--dim sum is very good, w/periodic changes to their offerings - vegetarian & pork choices seem to be consistently the best ones.  Like the Chinese TV/DVDs, for me adds to the overall atmosphere.  They do get busy and there can be a wait, overall worth it,  Ranks for us just a little less than Ocean restaurant on 9th Str.This is your stereotypical Chinese restaurant -- very loud and not so great service. But the dim sum is solid and the wait isn't too terrible. The only thing that peeves me is that they don't use a number system. You just wait in line.I want to guide you to this place in China town. The food is all, well, Chinese and good Chinese food but what sets Joy apart is the atmosphere. It feels authentic, even if it's just to attract people. 
The food is solid, but it's Chinese food so let's not get carried away. But the atmosphere is spectacular. Really enjoyed my time there with a variety of culture littered about. A group of us went and came home happy. Enjoyable meal and even more enjoyable atmosphere.The word from the Chinese relatives (of the first-generation set) is that this place is better than Ocean Harbor. Who the heck really knows? I haven't been able to get into Ocean Harbor but it seems that the lines here at Joy Tsin Lau are at least manageable (consider that five years ago it was a sign of dedication and forethought to be able to get past the lines here). The family that owns this place is also notable for running the Golden City restaurant near Lansdale. 
Joy Tsin Lau is another institution for Chinese families. Standard dim sum cart service for those unacquainted with the process. The waiters wheel carts of food around and yell at you, so you yell back at them. Yell, grunt, and point in the general direction of what you want to eat, while praying to the deity of your choice that they understand Mandarin (or English).
But really, it's Philadelphia Chinatown and it's good for what it is and they're good at serving up a lot of fresh dim sum. Argue about quality all you want but it's hard to think of a better place for dim sum within an hour of Philly. The prices are fair for what you get, so I find it hard to raise any complaints other than I have to drive into Philly (oh mighty City of the First Class, nemesis of the OC set and their retention holsters). 
Wait they started taking credit cards, since when?!!I don't speak chinese, so i'm not entirely sure what we ordered, but everything we ordered was good! Somewhere along the way I know we got pork, chicken, and beef, ate until we were full, and still only paid ~$11 after tip each. 
Beware of narrow walkways with carts walking through though - hard to get around the place. Also, warning that you may get sick here.Ohhhh how I love Philly! I was never able to come to Chinatown on my previous trips, so this was my first time, with my honey and my girl friend from Orlando. We discovered this dim sum place from a recommendation of a friend who lives in the area. We arrived a little late, almost 3pm because it was hard to find parking. We ended up parking in a lot on 11th street and paid $5. 
The decor of this place was really nice. Kind of what I expected to see in Hong Kong. Red walls, dragons, etc. The staff was super friendly, and the ladies pushing the carts were helpful and not rude like in NYC. lol Dim Sum was great. We ordered a little bit of everything. Luckily my dude loves Dim Sum as much as I do, so it was not hard getting everything finished quickiy. The only items we were not really a fan of was the desserts. They looked like they were sitting out all day, given it was 3pm, but still, I really prefer it to be freshly baked.Meh. Was okay service. Lady came sooo close to the table and burned my leg with the cart. Ugh. 
Accurately priced and great authentic decor. 
Food was barely warmed (at 2 in the afternoon). Shrimp balls were served cold. Overall worth what we paid for fast served lunch.Maybe here used to be a nice place to have dim sum. 
However, as a Cantonese, I would say here is a worst place for dim sum in my whole entire life. The food here all taste nasty, over oily, over cook and flavorless. 
If you still wanna try, then I would just say don't go here on weekdays.What a delightful find. In town for the flower show and wanted something close by our hotel. The staff were very friendly and the food was excellent. We shared steamed dumplings . I had General Tao Spicy Chicken and my husband had Beef Lo Mein.The restaurant was very oriental, and nice.  I enjoyed the food, but it was extremely expensive compared to how much you were given.  However, it was a bit small, and space was an issue.  Aisle were crowded with carts and people trying to move.  However, the employees sometimes did not hear us, and were disrespectful on 2 accounts.  In addition, the bathrooms were small, filthy, stank, and were the worst bathrooms I've seen.i am an avid sunday dim sum bruncher who has never had that horrible of dim sum before.. until joy tsin lau :( how hard is it to make this stuff i naively thought? and what can't soy sauce + chili make taste good? silly me.
we waited in the long line in high hopes of fulfilling our sunday tradition partaken back home in cali but the tradition has ceased to exist in philly. 
it took forever to get seated! the system didn't make very good sense to me. they seem to need more tables for smaller groups of people as the groups of greater than 4 were being seated much more quickly for once.
everything tasted so starchy and oily as if it was made a day or two ago, but we were waiting and the carts were coming quickly out of the kitchen.. so it was fresh?! :( we went with our must have's: the rice shrimp roll, siu mai, har gao/shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, pork spare ribs, and tripe. so i can promise that i gave a good amount of things a fair try but there has to be better dim sum than this is philly... i'm hesitant to try another place just yet.. i'm still recuperating from the disappointment. let's just drive to golden unicorn in nyc please or hold off til we're back in cali..I was impressed.  Friends love dim sum, but every dim sum experience--regardless of the city and the restaurant--has left me cold.  But I decided to try it again here in Philly.  I think Joy Tsin Lau has made me a dim sum fan!  Delicious fried shrimp.  We asked for sticky rice and got a hearty portion of rice and meat steamed in banana leaves.  My friend couldn't get enough!  The pork dumplings were a favorite, as was another unknown dish that had some sort of green leafy vegetable as a main ingredient, all wrapped in a ball and cooked in front of us.
Unlike other places, the staff here were friendly and helpful, telling us what the dishes were.  My other dim sum experiences have involved merely pointing at a dish and trying to guess what it was as I ate it.  That can be fun, but sometimes it's nice to be told what to expect.
Prices were reasonable, too.  Oh, and rather than stand in a long line, you can just head downstairs to the basement where there is usually no wait!  It's the same stuff, as far as I can tell.
All in all, this is my favorite dim sum ever!AWESOME dimsum...would have been perfect with the clams I never got. Got in around 12 noon, the wait line moved pretty quickly and we got seated in 10 mins. The servers are actually HAPPY to be at work, which is a shocker..because we usually go to Ocean Harbor. Service was attentive throughout the dining experience.
Lovely carts pulled up next to our table immediately. Pork buns, calamari, stir-fry, shrimp dumplings..etc. Everything was yummy. Due to the new year, it was more crowded than usual..but we were compromised with witnessing the dragon dancers. :-)
Overall, great dim sum experience, although some friends were culture shocked. Our table of 4 feasted for only $40..Been here a few times, tried both dim sum and dinner.  I'm from New York so it's hard to compare this place to the high standard of dim sum places in Flushing for example.  I will say that the live steamed fish was as good as any I've had.  Other items are solid old school Cantonese but not as good as back home.  I've only been to Ocean Harbor across the street once towards the end of dim sum service which was not good at all.  I will say that this place is a solid Cantonese restaurant which though not as good as the places back home is good for the area.Just enjoyed the flavorful dim sum. Got here 30 minutes before opening of 11:00 am and a welcoming elderly man got us in and served us tea in a minute. COULDN'T BE BETTER! Vast selection of dishes. Attentive service. Reasonable price.Another wonderful Sunday with family in Philly. We seem to be making the early Dim Sum a tradition here in China Town.  Get there 11:30 Am to avoid the big crowds. Always fun, and the food is fine. We go for the fun more then the food but it is always an adventure. Parking is a problem but the food cost is low enough to justify the high parking fees. They do give $2 off the parking fee with validation eating at certain restaurants. Avoid the Chicken Feet.it was a SUPER hot july 4th weekend, and we were in town walking around, getting hungry looking for yummy food. we stumbled upon this dimsum location based off of yelp at that time. we walked in, it was dark, kinda dreary for a dimsum place, although it was packed in a claustrophobic way, there wasn't much energy/excitement/liveliness. whatever. we were seated at a table that barely fit the 6 of us and we aren't THAT big. either way elbows were touching and i felt like i had to eat in a cubby hole. the food was yummy though and cheap, surprisingly so. but we were just HOT from the weather and uncomfortable form the seating that we didnt eat much. a good overall place for dimsumJTL is the best dim sum in town.  They keep it fresh and the wait is always minimal.  While all the noobs stand in line for the main seating area, go to the stairwell on the right and go downstairs to be seated almost immediately.  
My only suggestion is that they add more traditional dim sum dishes.  Oh, and for you noobs out there, dont get anything from the reject cart.  Yeah, the cart with the fried stuff that no one really touches.  If there's no steam pouring off the cart, don't eat it.  
Get the chicken feet!My parents use to take us here when we were little kids...this is my favorite dim sum place hands down... It will always be  5 stars in my book!Wow, just wow!  I haven't had dim sum since I lived in Atlanta, and I really missed it.  For my birthday, my boyfriend and I went to Joy Tsin Lau on a weekday at 11:30 AM.  There were 3 carts going around with so many traditional dishes to choose from.  We ordered the lotus sticky rice, cha siu bao, scallion dumplings, pork dumplings, spare ribs, and the coconut jello.  One of the waiters generously gave us 3 quails as well!  We had such a good meal and great service.  Just thinking about the cha siu bao is making me salivate.good luck getting service if you're not asian. good food tho, both the imitation and real meat sizzling pepper steak is awesomeHad the dim sum craving so obviously I trotted over to Joy Tsin Lau because I had read that their dim sum was pretty good. And that's exactly what it is. It's not stellar and 99% of the food is fried craziness, but I appreciated that the carts came out more frequently and faster than at Ocean Harbor. I also didn't have to wait in line for three of us which was super sweet. I wish there was a little more variety so that I didn't eat so much fried food and feel sad about myself later on the day, but hey-- sometimes you gotta roll with the punches.I came here with 4 friends after leaving the tattoo convention at the convention center. We had plans to eat elsewhere but there was a wait at almost every restaurant around us but we were starving and did not want to wait so we came here. The place was pretty full but the still had a couple tables left so we were seated right away which was nice. That was pretty much the end of our good experience though. The one other plus was that a large pot of hot tea and glasses of water were put on the table as soon as we sat down and the tea was delicious. We looked at our menus and decided what to eat in about ten minutes and we hadn't seen a waiter yet. We did notice though that there was a huge birthday party next to us, with at least 30 or 40 people so we gave them a break figuring they were really busy with them. Another 15 minutes pass though and we are starting to get frustrated because none of us had eaten that day and we didn't want to wait anymore. Finally a waiter comes and takes our order, We got fried dumplings, crab balls from the dim sum menu, general tsos chicken, sweet and sour chicken, house special fried rice, pork fried rice, wonton soup with udon noodles, dragons and pheonix, and bbq scallops.
The fried dumplings and crab claw balls came out in good time but nearly everything else took well over an hour and when the dishes finally started coming out they were coming out about 10 minutes apart. Then they accidentally brought out another general tsos instead of a sweet and sour so once everyone at the table had their food (minus the bbq scallops but more on that in a minute) and was eating and one of my friends was just sitting there picking off all of our plates while she waited, by the time she finally got her food everyone else was done eating so we asked for the bbq scallops which were an appetizer which still hadnt come out some boxes and the bill. It took an addition 15 minutes but finally we got the scallops and the $80 bill. Overall I just felt cheated, the food was subpar, the service was awful and it wasn't until after we left that we realized that all of our meals were supposed to come with steamed rice and we didn't get it.I didn't quite get the charm of the place. Staff wasn't very helpful.  You have to know the procedure before going. They won't explain or give you any help. It wasn't a language issue either since we had a Chinese speaker with us.  Dim sum was fine but not great.Went there for Dim Sum, don't get the Thousand Year old eggs Congee,  some of the pieces of egg had like a gas-oil taste to it....it was so bad I spit it back out and left the bowl 80% uneaten. 
The Congee itself was not that soft-pillowy texture either, just watery...and no fried dough or crunchies to go with it. 
I have eaten alot of thousand year old eggs congee from lots of locations and never had this taste.  
Service was typical of Chinese places (and probably better than what others got since I spoke Cantonese with them), don't expect any 'how was your meal' or 'everything ok?'  
Otherwise every other dim sum taste pretty ok. Not too much people there on a Monday afternoon.  had har gow, shu mai, beef meatball, tripe.First of all let me say that I've dining here since I was at Penn in 1984. I guess that means that it is one of my favorite Dim Sum Restaurants (a dimsummary) and that my idea of the 'concept' of dim sum was forged here. Therefore how dim sum is delivered: many carts, busy cramped service, and the classic decor is what I consider a standard way dim sum is supposed to be. Upon this return I have to say it was on of the best. The food is piping hot and delicious and all my favorites are here: shu mai, shrimp dumplings, and fried dumplings and so much more.  As usual the crowd was 80% asian and having a great time. Why go anywhere else?Okay, Joy Tsin Lau is certainly one of the few places I've eaten dinner at and dimsum in Philadelphia. That being said, while their dimsum is decent, there's nothing outstanding about it. Their dinner, too, is also decent, but again, lacks outstanding merit, they used a bit too much sauce on everything, although given my party was half-non-Asian, they probably assumed we didn't care. They are very consistently decent, though, I've never had anything here that was particularly bad. The servers here are a bit more responsive than most places around, though.
For the wedding I attended, this wasn't a bad location, they had it upstairs in a large banquet hall and it was quite fun, the staff was well-prepared and swift to serve. The food was filled with your traditional wedding banquet, 12-course dinner, but again, nothing jumped out at me in quality.
There's a couple of fish tanks up front - I'd ask to be seated elsewhere, and you should watch out - I've seen a cockroach here on the table before - but generally if those things don't bother you, you'll be fine eating here. They do validate some parking time in the lot down the street at 11th / Race.As you may see from other reviews, there is a bit of a public health safety factor when eating here. I try to be glass half-full about most things so I will highlight the good first and then address some of the other issues. 
The Good:
1) Joy Tsin Lau does provide a  more classic dim sum experience. By classic, I mean there are carts with a variety of foods that are pushed around by servers and brought to your table. This is a unique experience that few other restaurants offer (some offer "dim sum" but you actually order off a menu and the food is brought to you).
2) The variety of food is something to acknowledge. Of all of the dim sum places I have been to (in Ohio, Phialdelphia, and California), only California locations (for clear reasons) surpasses the variety at Joy Tsin Lau. If you are interested in trying a wide variety of foods, consider this place.
3) It is very cheap for the amount of food you get. 
4) My parents think the food tastes pretty good. Considering that my parents did not grow up in the United States and were quite happy with this place (compared to other dim sum places), I would argue that at least there is some measure of authenticity to what they are serving. 
The Equivocal:
1) The decor is lacking, but I think that is a common theme among most Chinese restaurants, especially more authentic ones. 
2) The food is greasy. There are steamed versions of some dim sum dishes but most of the popular ones are fried (and hence most offered at this restaurant are fried). I would say in my experience, the food here is no more or less greasy than other dim sum places I have tried.
3) It is dirty. This is put under this category simply because I would argue that some other Chinese take-out places are also dirty, but you don't see it as just the food gets delivered to your door.
4) The staff is focused on efficiency and distribution of food, rather than polite service. 
The Bad:
1) There seems to be a history of people getting sick. I separate this from dirty, because dirty is one thing, getting sick is another. I have never gotten sick eating here and also do not know any friends who have, but there are stories to the contrary. 
2) The staff does not speak much, if any, English. If you are pure English speaking, you may be inadvertently ignored for other customers whom the staff are able to communicate with.
Other things to note:
1) Once you are done eating, you pay at the register. The staff will not tell you this and you may think you are getting ignored if you wait for someone to get the check.
2) Regardless of all of the reviews--good, bad, ugly--this place is packed on the weekend (there's a line). 
Final thoughts:
Food poisoning is bad but not guaranteed. Service at this restaurant is slightly below par compared to other Chinese restaurants (but most are food rather than service oriented). Food variety is good and quality is variable. Price is great. The ultimate decision to come here is up to you.I have been here for Weekend Dim Sum and Lunch during the week and both times was fairly disappointed. I much prefer Ocean Harbor across the street instead. This place tends to be the overflow restaurant for when Ocean Harbor is too busy. The Dim Sum is greasier and it is much harder to find steamed items since most of the items were pan fried or deep fried.Authetic food, really nice and delicious, but the environment is noisy and kind of terrible.(sometime bunch of people shouting, and the table sheets have holes) I still recommend this restaurant because of its food.Had dim sum today... 3 stars for selection and 3 stars for taste.  I was pleasantly surprised, as I had my fair share of disappointing dim sum outside of HK and Socal.  
Yum- chicken feet, ha-gow, turnip cake, shao pai-gu, sesame ball, ba bao chicken, fried quail
Decent- chau siu bao, fu-pe-chuan, chau siu su,
Blah- spring roll
Oh, get their chrysanthemum tea.  They dump in a dish of rock sugar so the entire tea pot is semi sweet.  Very good idea!!!For some reason, I've always ended up choosing Joy Tsin Lau over Ocean Harbor.  This is usually based on the impression that Joy Tsin Lau's line is shorter, an impression that has no discernible basis in reality.  
Whatever the case, whenever my friends and I go downtown for dim sum, we always end up here.  The prices here are goddamn ridickalous.  If you're paying more than 10 bucks a person, you probably have a learning disability.  Go with a group - this is not the place for a romantic date unless your date happens to love the sound of a hundred Chinese people talking at the same time.  And by talking, I mean shouting.  And by shouting, I mean screaming.
The inside of this places looks like it was decorated by a child who was asked what he thought the inside of a Chinatown restaurant should look like.  It's stuffed end to end with gaudy baubles, nightmarish red wallpaper, and more Buddhas than is really functional for a restaurant this busy.
The food is quick, fast, and delicious.  It can be a little greasy at times, and if you order a dish that's been sitting in the cart for too long, it'll usually be cold and unappetizing.  Shoot for the carts that have just exited the kitchen.  Bring a translator if you're white, rely on your cultural instincts if you're not when it comes to ordering.  American-style dishes are subpar at best, while the traditional dishes can usually be relied on.  Definitely one of the better places in Chinatown.So this is our go-to place for dim sum (not sure why, my friends don't like Ocean Harbor I guess). The servers are always super nice, and are patient when helping indecisive customers. It's super cheap, always just about $8-9 a person after tax and everyone leaves pretty stuffed.
They have all the standard dishes and do them well, but it's pretty limited I would say. And I would strongly advise against the American-style dishes because those are NOT good (my friends wanted some sweet and sour pork, and everyone was disappointed by it as it was just fried bones). SO cheap though, so you can try everything you want.Joy Tsin Lau is a Chinatown standard that has been at it's current location for 30+ years...and it shows, but more on that in a minute.  The food is "American" Chinese as well as much more traditional dishes, and they also have Dim Sum for lunch/brunch 7 days a week from around 11:30a until 2:30p-3:30p.  The restaurant has what you might think of as a classical Chinese restaurant interior, with red rugs and decorations, red paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling, and Chinese TV playing nearly all the time.  They have banquet facilities upstairs and down, making the restaurant a pretty big place.  
The food is solid, and the dim sum a bit above average in the flavor area.  The real cons to the restaurant are cleanliness and service.  The place needs some renovation and a very thorough cleaning.  To someone that's gone there since the mid 1990's, I can tell you they haven't done much to the place in that amount of time aside from renovate the bar/reception area.  The rugs are stained and very old, the bathrooms are a disaster, and the tablecloths often have soy sauce stains on them (laundered, of course) and rips or holes.  This is not what you'd call an upscale establishment.  
Service-wise, the best I can say is that it's spotty.  Regularly, I've encountered very rude servers that you just have to ignore.  On occasion, I've had very slow service, to the point that I've walked out because no one would take my order.  
All this being said, I return to Joy Tsin Lau year after year, and pretty much take the place as it is.  I do wish they'd clean things up a bit...they are always busy, and seem to do a brisk banquet business, so I suppose they don't see the need.  There are other restaurants in Chinatown with a similar size and menu, but Joy Tsin Lau does seem to be a very popular and well-known place.  I equate it to the dive bar on the corner with a bad selection in the jukebox and a rude bartender, but yet the locals have been coming for years.Great dimsum.
Weekends suck for the lines and the weekdays, seems kind of limited on choices but it's still goodVery tasty and belligerent servers to make sure you get the traditional dim sum experience.  Avoid the parking lot at 11th/Race, though.  Even with the "validated" parking you can get, it's only $2 off.  At $16/hour (before the discount), you'll probably end up paying more for your parking than you will for your share of dim sum.3.5 stars rounded down.
I've been here before. Not so impressed, but that was when I got off the boat freshly and haven't had the dim sum offerings across the country much. Now I've had dim sum in across the country on both coasts...I can say that I know the standards of dim sum in the US pretty well, and damn, they really don't know how to make good dim sum in this country.
So I'm just going to judge dim sum places based on what you can get here. It's only fair right? After I've been to numerous places and revisited Joy Tsin Lau, I found that I have a much more pleasant experience. The food might also have gotten better since I last visited, as someone else at my table commented.
I think I liked most things I've had, except for the siumai (pork dumpling), which was flavourless, and the fried pork dumpling (ham sui kok), which was wayyyy too greasy. Amongst the things I liked: the har gow was nice and plump, with a thin skin. Radish cake was pretty flavourful too (still think their radishes weren't grind down enough!).
Service was so-so, like all other dim sum places. We were seated on the bottom floor so the same 3 carts came around -- they do replenish the carts with different things but it wasn't that exciting. Also, why do Chinese restaurants on the east coast have to be so damn dirty and dated looking?
Overall it was a much better experience than I had before and I'd go here again if I'm in town. I can't justify giving this place 4-stars though.
BTW, you can validate certain parking tickets here :)I'm from the suburbs of Philly, so I am particularly honored to be a regular at Joy Tsin Lau. I don't need Yelp to tell me that, I've been one since I grew up with dim sum from here :-)
My uncle's wedding reception and my cousin's 21st birthday lunch were held at Joy Tsin Lau separately of course! Lunch or dinner, s'all good :p
The servers are familiar faces, though new ones will appear amongst them. The owners can be seen during any hour, anytime, anywhere. They too, are familiar faces.  The FOOD..
...consistently prepared and eaten with satisfaction. Really, though...every single time.
These consistencies are what make this establishment a CONSTANT in my family's life, my extended family's life, and my life.  Here's to more years!Definitely like this place! can't wait to go back! the eggdrop soup was a litlte much for my friends, so i'm happy i didnt get it... but i loved their selection.  Just wish for more seafood options!I went here today for the first and probably last time.  I made my order of #72 Shrimp with mixed vegetables and I requested brown sauce.  The female cashier who was taking my order started screaming:  what are you saying! what are you saying!?!   I pointed to #72 and I ended up with this dish with NO sauce or anything on it.  UGH!     IF I go back, I will request to speak to the manager and see why asking for brown sauce, which, I think is a staple in Chinese restaurants was such a problem. And, to boot, I was not given soy sauce for my steamed dumplings.   Even the worst Chinese take outs or delivery give you soy sauce.I go with a friend almost every time I'm around Philadelphia. I always do the dim sum on Sundays and it's always awesome. I love the sweet and sour pork but I go to try new things. I love that this is as close as I can get to real chines food. I enjoy the normal Americanized stuff but some times it's nice to just get some chicken feet or sea snails. Hey maybe some pig guts. I may never get to china but at least I can think I'm eating some real chines food. Now onto the bad. It's a cramped and none of the workers speak English so it's hard to know what things are. But that's not a big deal. It's more that like today I was eating and someone working had to push past someone and tenderly stuck his ass in my sweet and sour pork and when I said. Hey what the f** man he pretended not to notice and the worker would not replace the food. But oh well I'm not that picky hahaTerrible dim sum, do not recommend at all. That's all folks, you're welcome. 
Goddamnit Yelp, I don't have anything else to say.The food is still in my tummy as I type this and it was topnotch, upon entering the premises you may think to have been eclipsed to a true Beijing China Resto. Dim sum was pretty good but the Sweet and Sour Pork was The BOMB!!! thanks for the tips Yelpies!! Service was great and  the manager was on hand in cleaning my table amidst the many helpers he had (you dont see that much here do you?) and even gave us a compli sliced orange befpre leaving dunno if its just me trying to be won over in coming back. I had the dumplings and Siopao (pork buns) and the House Fried Rice is the best I have tasted so far here in the States. The wash room was a little off and a wee bit putrid but hey I did not come for a spa so its okay!! Will certainly be backThe dumplings (pork and chives) and the seafood mix noodles were great. The won ton soups not so much, there was no won tons in the soup but I guess that's their style. Over all the food was tasty!!!I can recommend this place. I liked the experience of choosing my items on a cart. Allegedly, this is how dim sum is supposed to be served. It's fun, if not overwhelming. I still prefer it a bit domesticated, I think. Dim Sum Garden doesn't have near the experience or ambiance, but I prefer it (even if I rated them the same).Had dimsum here with the family on a Saturday morning.  The variety of the dimsum was great and the food tasted great as well.  I haven't tried Ocean Palace yet so I can't compare, but this place is definitely worth checking out to satisfy a dimsum crave.
We will definitely be back.Pretty good dim sum. The restaurant probably suffers a bit from the volume of people it serves as some dishes arrive from the cart lukewarm as opposed to piping hot. Flavors are all generally en pointe, though I must say that some dishes just seemed a bit greasy, particularly the fong zhao (chicken feet).
On a positive note, carts whiz by at breakneck speeds and servers are generally attentive and willing to work with you to get your favorite small plates onto your table. You likely won't spend much time craning your neck wondering where your favorite small bites are. And, your table will probably be able to eat till they burst for $10 a person.Had a reservation for a large group and everyone left satisfied.  Only a couple of us were dim sum regulars so it was good to introduce everyone to some tasty plates.  We asked for a pitcher of water for the table (there were 12 of us) and it was filled quickly whenever we asked.  And because our table was close to the kitchen, we tended to get everything first  as soon as the carts came out.  Chicken feet, steamed pork buns, salty shrimp (eat it whole - shell and heads), jellyfish and tripe!  Yum.It is not easy to find a restaurant serving various choices of dim sum after 3pm. I passed by but will surely go again. I ordered dim sum only and they were yummy. Service was nice, with free appetizers, hot tea and fruits.After a bad experience at Ocean Harbor we crossed the street and tried our luck at this venue.  And again were treated with ignorance to say the least.  They seems couldn't get their act together.  After 10 minuts of wating carts finally appeared. Given it was only 11: 00am you'd expect the food to be HOT. Not the case here.  And inspite of full room of hungry people the ladies pushing the carts still wouldn't be in a hurry to serve, they still didn't finished their morning chat, so we waited more. Finally some food on the table!  Would be nice to have some tea. In here you won't get it unless you ask nicely numerous times and finaly raise your voice a bit in order to get attention. But again I noticed that only not asian looking people were made to wait and wait.  All lucky orientals were served right away or at least with minimum wait time. You could wonder Why?
Speaking about quality of the food again nothing outstanding or even interesting.  All the same fare but with very mediocre taste.
Too bad Philadelphia lost the only decent place for dim sum the Lakeside Deli Cafe.I usually get my Dim Sum from NYC and only been to a couple of places here in Philly but my family decided to go to Joy Tsin Lau today because it was close. Being one of the few Dim Sum places in Philadelphia it can sure get packed on a Saturday like today.
We waited in line for about 15 minutes before being seated at a cramped table with no arm space. Some of the carts took a lot longer to circle around to our table, maybe its because it was a busy time. But the longer wait also affected the food. Most of the items weren't bad but some of the dishes such as the shrimp balls and shrimp rolls were cold when they arrived at our table. It would have tasted a lot better if it was nice and fresh.We should have known that, on a night like Christmas, when every decent restaurant in Chinatown has a long wait to get in, the place without a long line would probably not be worthwhile. 
It was a true disappointment. We were excited about having a night out in Chinatown on Christmas with chopsticks and fruity cocktails, but it really killed the holiday for us. We will never go here again.
Food was fine. Service was horrible. I don't usually get worked up about service. I'm vaguely embarrassed by being served, but I figure if I'm not allowed in the kitchen, the waiter might as well bring the food, I guess, right? But this place didn't even have the basics down. I usually find myself defending restaurant staff, and I think it's immoral to leave without tipping a minimum 20%.
Not tonight. We left no tip.
After we were seated, the place cleared out pretty quickly, so it wasn't at all crowded. But depending on who happened to walk by, we were either ignored or treated with surly contempt. Our drink order was forgotten until we twice reminded someone that it had not yet come. The drinks came after dinner was served.
The food itself was late, each dish arriving 5 to 10 minutes apart. When all the dishes were down, we had to ask three times to get any steamed rice. I felt like asking the waiter "You know you work at a Chinese restaurant, right?"
We had to find a pitcher to pour our own water. We might have asked to exchange our dirty water glasses if we thought there was a chance of it actually happening.
Even the check took forever to arrive.
My companions and I wondered out loud what we must have done to upset the waitstaff so, because their behavior seemed almost retaliatory.Decent hot pot in a sort of Szechuan-Guangzhou fusion style; hot and sour soup base. Primary advantage is that it's cheap and a very generous portion, enough to feed four comfortably. Not the best I've eaten but pretty good for Stateside hot pot places.If in Philly, I would definitely come back again and again because I love dim sum and there are simply not many traditional dim sum restaurants in the city. 
First of all, make a reservation! Every time I come here (usually on a weekend), the restaurant is packed and there is no way you can come with a group bigger than 2 people without waiting for at least an hour. The space is jammed with as many tables and chairs as possible, so it is easy to feel claustrophobic (add that to the fact that all the tables are circular, and traffic flows even less easily). 
There is a perfectly acceptable selection of all the traditional dim sum dishes. The only dishes that were less than mediocre were the blood rice balls stuffed with...shrimp..? and the ribs which quickly became cold and had no meat or flavor. The non-dim sum dishes, except for the green vegetables, are also definitely not worth it (the sweet & sour pork we ordered was...chewy...and a strange consistency)--so stick with the traditional dishes. The desserts, especially the puddings and sesame balls, were  delectable. Otherwise, everything was very average, but acceptable.
The service is pretty rude, but I have come to expect that in Chinatown. Barely anyone speaks English, so perhaps they get frustrated when they try to speak to me in Mandarian and I answer back in English.......
After splurging and ordering everything the group of 8 of us wanted and not holding back at all, the bill still only totaled $15 per person. Definitely a great deal if you're coming with a large group of friends who want to try traditional canto dishes!This was my first Dim Sum experience in Philly.  I had a tough tennis match that morning, and hadn't eaten yet that day, so when I met up with my friend around 12:30 I was starving.  
We were quickly seated towards the back of the restaurant in the Dim Sum section.  We had no idea what we were doing, and the servers were tough to understand, so if you aren't adventurous, its probably not the best choice.  
We started with a rice, pork, and egg soup type dish, and then had the eggs with shrimp, shrimp and pork shumai, shrimp dumplings, pork buns, bbq pork bao, sesame red bean rolls, and pineapple pastries.  Everything was really good, the favorites being the shrimp and pork shumai, and the pork buns.  The bbq pork was a disappointment, definitely had better at Wow Bao.
We left stuffed and with some leftovers.  The bill was $24.  I thought that was a steal considering how much we ate.  I would definitely go back.Visited Philly last weekend, and was surprised that this place never pulled up on Yelp from searching "dim sum."  However, on my way, to Ocean Harbor for dim sum, I noticed Joy Tsin Lau and thought for a moment.  My instincts told me to dine here, and my instincts made a good choice.
Old school Hong Kong style dim sum is what you find here -- based on traditional recipes and not having modernized them.  Most of the dishes I ordered were quite good.  The only item that was a miss was the Pan Fried Daikon Radish Cakes.  The cakes were too dense and not light, and they're made with too little daikon.  
In addition to the dim sum I ordered the Beef Chow Mein, where the noodles are fried to a crisp on both sides, and the sauce over the noodles .  It was very good!  
As with many older Chinese restaurants, service is spotty.  Some of the servers are relatively nice, others can be rude.This place used to be pretty good, now the only reason to go is if you want to get food poisoningI've eaten a lot of dim sum over the past few years...this is the best!  Old school service even with fry cart. Go, be adventurous, enjoy!Pretty solid dim sum place. We got there around noon and it was pretty slow, but by 12:30p, the place was packed, granted a large tour bus dropped off about 30+ elderly Chinese people :) Gotta be legit if it's a tour stop, right? Haha
I've grown accustomed to the a la carte style in CA, but they still have the carts milling around at this place. Something about that just adds to the experience, especially watching some of your food fried right before your eyes. Carts were in abundance with a good variation. I especially enjoyed their shrimp dumplings, shumai, and fried turnip. Overall, had a great meal. Can't comment on the price since Ed C. insisted on fronting the bill, good man! 
Otherwise, the restaurant has character. Lots of traditional decor and old photographs plastering the entrance with traditional Chinese music playing in the background. It feels like you're stepping into the past, partaking in a distant, but vivid memory.This is good dim-sum and the prices are low. The line moves fast so one gets seated soon.
The downside is the service. The waiters are rude and seem to relish the fact that they can be rude. I am sure they will make more tips if they tried to be more service oriented.I came here for dimsum with my boyfriend and specifically told them I was vegetarian.  Which is why I'm giving them 1 star, since pork isn't a vegetable.  And they still charged us the bill.  This is after I puked in their bathroom and got violently sick.  
:( too bad I won't be going back.We spend a Sunday afternoon at this place for dim sum. The variety is good but the quality is just so so. The buns are wet and soft in texture; not the type you get at decent Chinese dim sum places.  Also, their Hong Kong style wonton is worse than any places you can find in US. Their typical dinner dishes are normally at par with other china town restaurants. With so many choices around here, I suggest to stay away from this place.Quiet and Pleasant Authentic Chinese Cuisine.
Joy Tsin Lau is probably one of the best Dim Sum places in Philadelphia ... so far that I know of. The setting is quiet and pleasant. Don't expect the greatest service, but it definetely gets it point across. Inexpensive, and best during lunch time.It is a great place if you just want to be left alone with a few of your friends to hang out, pick your food, and eat. 
The decor shows that it is a very authentic Chinese place. A lot of redness going on in there, but it fits. Its nice, and calm. 
There are two floors, so the wait is very limited. You will not have any complains if you are just going to meet with someone, and want food.I would rank Joy Tsin Lau above Ocean Harbor, but they lost all hope when Dim Sum Garden moved in.
The food is inconsistent. I've had some good dishes, but some that taste old and not fresh. I also was not able to find soup dumplings (my favorite dim sum dish) the few times I came, and so I was disappointed by the selection. Also, the cart pushers don't communicate too well, and servers are not very attentive.I need my Dim Sum, and this place has stuff that almost looks like it's Dim Sum.  It'll pass if you can't get any better and can't go without.  I'd choose it over Imperial Inn around the corner any time, but watch out for when I find a place that I actually recommend for Dim Sum.  My goal is to find a place in Philly that can at least match the quality of the 24-hour, fast food-like Dim Sum Wong (Dim Sum King) in Hong Kong... we'll see.The best things on the menu are the seafood hot pots.    My parents like this place so I've been here a million times.   It's got sentimental value and the interior of the restaurant looks exactly like the chinese restaurant in 'Seinfeld' except for the "CARTWRIGHT!"-barking host.Compared to the other dim sum options that are available in Philly, this place is a dream. I was a little hesitant at first because of the stuffy incense smell that hit me as soon as I stepped in off the street, and equally unsubtle decor. I was pleasantly surprised to see that these people mean business--the dim sum carts were on the ready, and we were served tea as soon as we were seated. 
I went with two Taiwanese people who have had amazing dim sum in Taiwan and China, and they agreed this place is legit. The dim sum were larger in size, but weren't overly greasy/soggy/msg-ed out as is often the case at lesser dim sum establishments. We tried shrimp dumplings, shimp and pork, the fried rice on a plate with bacon bits, shrimp with chow fun dumpling, the fennel bun (fried at tableside), among other tasty plates. 
The greatest thing? We were completely stuffed, but the check came out to only $24 for three people. YESSSS. That said, JTL is probably really packed on weekends, so maybe I'll stick to week day dim sum-ing.An ad says "Eat where the Chinese eat", it's true! We were 1 of 2 tables of non Chinese people.
Truly authentic Chinese décor makes an interesting dinning experience as does the servers. Wonderful flavorful veggie laden Hot & Sour soup, followed by Cheery Chicken  with peppers, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, scallions and cashew nuts in a light wine and cherry sauce. 
Right on service and very reasonable prices! If in Phil we'll be back!Authentic Chinese food. This is one of the handful of spots i'd trust for an authentic chinese meal.  Also their dimsum has a pretty diverse set of plates.  The atmosphere is average for chinatown and the service is average as well.   If you're looking for a restaurant for dinner or dimsum this is a must try.We waited way too long on a Sunday to be seated. Most of the food was cold when it was put on our table and almost all of the plates were crudely made. You get to choose dishes on a cart which is something you see in China but there weren't many standard Chinese dim sum dishes. It seemed instead pandered to an American taste. It's kind of sad but my favorite dish was the Chinese broccoli or some kind of green vegetable they had. On the bright side, this place is pretty affordable. Would also recommend the fried shrimp, chicken feet, and sticky rice.As much as I hate to give it one star, it doesn't seem to be a clean facility by modern standards.  I would try somewhere else, maybe across the street.The service was quite good. Someone came by often to refill our water and our waiter was very polite and professional. The food was also very good, cheap, and there was an incredible amount of food for the price. The only reason I wouldn't give this place five stars is because I ordered dumplings and never received them. When we asked someone later on after we had eaten our food about the dumplings, he said he would check on it and get back to us. Needless to say, we never got our dumplings but at least we didn't get charged for it. Still, I was very unhappy because I really wanted dumplings. I would come back here for the food, but I might think twice to be honest.I wouldn't go here for dim-sum....for that, go across the street, to Ocean Harbor, quicker, better. But for private dinner , big groups.they have a good extensive meal, starts with 6-10 courses. I rather go to Ocean Harbor for dim sum, this place takes too long for carts to come out & yes, their bathrooms make NY alleys look prim & clean. I would rather wait, go home , do my business. Unfortunately most Chinese restaurants in Chinatown, here & NY, aren't going to have the most clean bathrooms, just matter of how bad is the question.i LOVE this place. the dim sum is fresh and there are so many options. there are dishes there that i haven't seen a long time or at other dim restaurants in philly.  i have lived in san francisco and HK and believe me this place makes authentic dim sum.  i have also lived in the south where the chinese food (dim sum included) is not good at all.  but here at joy tsin it's absolutely fabulous. dim sum carts are great and it makes it so lively. service was friendly and extremely prompt where they'll give you your tea or water and take your off the menu order quickly. dishes were affordable and good sized (unlike some of the nouveau fusion modern dim sum places elsewhere with their baby-size portions).  we were stuffed at the end and we took home some leftovers for lunch tomorrow. we did go early when it first opened so we didn't wait at all and we had dim sum fresh from the kitchen.  LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE. if you're visiting philly make sure you make room in your schedule and stomache for this place.I've been coming to Joy Tsin Lau since I was a small child. Coming from a Vietnamese family, we frequent Chinatown often for groceries and food we can't find in our regular, small-town supermarkets. Celebrating every milestone event (or just because), our family would congregate here on Sundays for some quality dim sum. Twenty something years later, I find myself continuing to congregate at Joy Tsin Lau for their amazing dim sum. However, instead of meeting up with just family, I also meet up with friends to introduce them to this wonderful treat.
The staff at JTL are very friendly and will work to satisfy your needs. The ladies pushing the dim sum carts will always stop at your table, usually multiple times, to see if you'd like anything from their selection. They speak English well enough to explain to you what each dish is in case you inquire. What's great, too, is that even with only two people, the prices are still affordable. I was just there on Tuesday with one other friend and with all of the dishes we ordered (about nine), our total was less than $30--that's close to $15 for each of us and we both were really full. We also were able to bring some home in take-out containers.
For the alcohol consumer, there is a full bar from which you can order a mixed drink or a simple beer.
For every dish you order, they stamp (or write in a price on) the ticket you get when you are seated. When you're finished eating, you take the ticket to the front counter and pay. The location of the stamps (and/or written prices) collectively will determine how high your bill will be.  
The best time to go is 11am either on a weekday or Sunday. However, on Sundays, you may want to get there a little earlier and wait until they open because Sunday is their busiest day of the week; come after 11 and you will have to wait in line for a bit. Their line moves fast, though, so you will not be standing there long. Trying to get around the establishment, though, is difficult, and you will oftentimes find yourself in the way of a cart or standing really close to a stranger, waiting to get by. With that said, make your first experience here happen on a weekday.
My favorite dishes are: 
- beef tripe; it comes in this delicious light sauce that adds just the right amount of flavor to the tripe. They serve it in a generous portion, so it's great for sharing with another person.
- jellyfish with sliced meats; the jellyfish is tossed in a light sauce and has a slight crunch to it.. It is served on a mound of pickled daikon and carrot with a top garnish of cilantro and a bottom garnish of sliced meats sometimes found in banh mi (Vietnamese hoagie). This is definitely a sharing portion (though I proved to myself that I can eat the entire dish alone).
- chicken feet; the chicken feet are served tossed with green onion and a warm sauce that's not too tangy nor too salty. Although chicken feet are very bony, there is still enough meat on them to be worth eating. 
- xiu mai; this is also one of my dad's favorite dishes. Xiu mai is a lot like wonton, but it's an open-top dumpling served alone and not in a broth. At JTL, they serve pork xiu mai.
- shrimp dumpling; they're so small and cute! Little shrimp balls wrapped in a slightly opaque, mostly transparent flour and steamed. Eat this with a mixture of chili paste and soy sauce and you're good to go!
- crab claw shrimp ball; large fried ball of shrimp with a crab claw sticking out. Sounds weird, but don't knock it until you try it. Also good with chili paste x soy sauce mixture or alone.
This is definitely one of my favorite places to go when I'm in Chinatown. Hopefully I'll be able to keep going for another twenty something years and write a new review later on!Not too bad dim sum. A good variety of the essential dishes. You really can't good wrong. But, beware of the dishes that are on plates instead of the metal tins, there's a high probability the food will be lukewarm.It's a famous dim sum place and if you came later than 1130am on weekends, you would probably need to wait in line.
However, the food was just average. The hot tea was not hot, and the waiter didn't ask me what kind of tea I wanted. The porridge was hot, but all other dishes on the carts were just warm or even cold and I felt like they were there for a long time, so they didn't taste quite good.
 I think I would try somewhere else for dim sum next time.I find the gold and red interior elegant. Their shrimp shumai, wrapped in a steamed soft rice paper wrapping is scrumptious and does not fall apart when you put it on your plate. Their green tea sesame ball was a little too oily for me. Order the white noodles with a sweet-type soy sauce and the steamed buns with a chicken stuffing, which my friend Cameron described as meat in little balloons :) Although my boyfriend thought they put the mixed race crowds and "whities in the basement," we were served with grace.OK, so had always gone to Ocean Harbor when in Philly . . . thought I'd try the well reviewed place across the street.
Same old style Chinese restaurant, as advertised . . . 
Congee - better than most, actually had some flavor . . . 
Siu Mai - Better than most
Har Kow - Good
Tofu wrapped Pork - Nice flavor . . . 
Shrimp in Green Pepper - Hello, where is the shrimp.
Now, I don't understand why these place serve cold Fried food . . . Shrimp Balls were mush, fried whole Shrimp would have been great if hot . . .
I'd eat here again, but Ocean Harbor is better!The food is good dont get me wrong.. the customer service suck!! I have very high expectations for customer service and if you have high expectations for it as well, then this isnt the place for you.
My friend and I walked in and the guy at cash register was just on his phone, and seem to not care that we're waiting and continue on his phone. He finally got off his stupid phone and sat us down. As soon as we sat down they came to our table which is great.
Then they gave us our food. The crab claw was cold, and tasted old. The chicken feet was not good, and was also cold. They gave us water with stuff in it. I asked for a new cup with water and she was about to put refill the cup that had the disgusting shit in it. So I asked clearly for a new cup, and this guy came over, I guess hes one managers came over and looked in my cup and asked me what was in it? Seriously how am I to know what the hell is in my cup?! But it wasn't just my cup that had thw stuff in it. My friends water had it too. Disgusting. 
While my friend and I were eating, they stood in a circle and just talked... what they shouldve been doing is cleaning up the place and retrain the guy how to give better customer service, better yet retrain everyone. One of the old man that works there kept staring at me, it made me feel uncomfortable. So I gave him a dirty look then he stopped. So freaking weird. 
While eating and talking they interrupted us by just sticking their hands and arms right in front of us to get the tin bowls off the table.. ok I get it you're trying to clean up atleast have the decency to say "excuse me" then take the shit. Then we said thank you multiple times to multiple people taking the tin bowls and all we got was a nod. Seriously? Whatever. Im never going there again, unless if my friend drags me there like she did this time lol. 
TIP: DO NOT WEAR WHITE IF YOU'RE GOING YO EAT DIM SUM. I had to learn that multiple times. The soy sauce splashed on me a couple times..
I wouldve gave them zero stars but I cant. I rather go to imperial inn, my favorite spot to go to for dim sum.We got noodle plates and soft shell crab. It was the best we ever have had without exception. Very reasonable and a block from the convention center.
Came back for lunch the next day as well!I have been to many places all over the world and my experience at this place has been the worst. The worst service ever. The only reason this place even got one star is that the food was actually good. I love how the waiters ignore you. The front host pick and chooses who to seat first. I would highly recommend you stay away from this place.THE place for Dim-sum in Philly. 
Also had dinner once here. It's surprisingly good.Dim Sum -- their is a reason it rhymes with "yum yum" and Joy Tsin Lau does a fantastic job of proving this.
A lovely experience from the second we walked in ... we were in Philly for the day and decided to hit up yelp for a recommendation on the best dumplings in Philly -- thanks fellow Yelpers, you nailed it.
It's hard to actually say everything we enjoyed on that visit but the experience was everything you'd expect and more. Here's a sampling ...
Pork & Shrimp Shumai = Heaven
Fried Pork Dumplings = dense and delicious, we heard them sizzling not five feet away
Shrimp Shumai = Frreessshhhh
Crab Claw = Need we say more?
Incredibly affordable as well -- I really felt like they had forgotten something when we received our check.
You know how you know a restaurant is the place to be? When we walked in we were the second and third customers respectively. Not ten minutes later the joint was jumping ... a testament to the quality of Joy Tsin Lau.Don't go here. It was so bad it inspired me to sign up for Yelp, if that is any indication. Our food was OK but the service was beyond bizarrely horrid. We had to flag someone down to take our order. Then the entrees came piecemeal, with no rice, which we had to request three times from three different people. We had to refill our own water glasses. We had to also ask three times for our cocktails, which finally came as we finished the meal. We didn't get the check until we put our coats on and asked for it on the way out. Host ignored us (turned around and started talking to someone else) when we mentioned the poor service. We were not high maintenance diners; I can't explain the lapse in even basic rules of food service here. Just spare yourself the trouble and go elsewhere.Yes, it was crowded but I love the dim sum here.  Some of the highlights:
1. shrimp dumplings: flavorful with a light wrapper that didn't stick to your mouth
2. coconut jelly: so so amazing and my main motivation for coming here
3. long rice noodles with shrimp: on par with the same dish at any other place 
4. egg custards: i love the pastry shells here because they are extra crispy
5. stuffed vegetarian dumplings with edamame, shitake, and bamboo:  the edamame gives it a nice touch and the filling was savory without a touch of greasiness
6. fat choi dumplings: pretty good although I'm not a big fan of veggies-only dumplings
7. langostino tails: only place to get them for dim sum!
8. roasted quail: same here
9. curried squid: pretty standard but it's very tender
10. sautéed baby octopi: we didn't get this today but it's usually excellent with a sweet sauce and very tender octopi
11. clams in black bean sauce: standard but I do like the slightly thicker sauce here more 
Service is fantastic and we were seated right away.  Just be sure to get here before 11 am or you might have to wait for a table.  The price is unbeatable: you can eat to your heart's content and then some, and you won't pay more than $20 per person.The best dim sum in Philadelphia! Come on weekdays because weekends are always packed, and you need to wait at least 30 minutes. I love their durian pie.A friend and I went here on a Tuesday during lunchtime (~12:30PM) after leaving Ocean Harbor, the other dim sum place next door, because they were packed. I was pleasantly surprised that there weren't that many people at Joy Tsin Lau, and don't let sparse crowd determine the quality of their food. 
Joy Tsin Lau has standard Chinese dim sum options. I recommend the siu mai, shrimp dumplings, honeycomb tripe, spare ribs... But, honestly, just pick whatever dishes look good to you and try 'em out. Dim sum carts were passing by us very often, so our service was excellent. Next time, I would like to try some of their fried dumplings that are fried on the spot. Both of us shared about 7 dim sum containers for ~$25 total. Kind of on the high end when there are many filling rice/noodle dishes around $6-$8 in Chinatown, but for the variety and experience-- as with the nature of dim sum-- it's a nice treat. Especially when they serve it by cart, and not à la carte... see what I did there. 
The decor here is, well, vibrant and peculiar. When you first come in, you will see a bunch of photos of the owners with famous people and the restaurant's accolades. Then you'll see a mahogany divider on one side, calligraphy on another wall, red lanterns everywhere, and a TV that's always showing a Cantonese opera. I must say that looking around the restaurant does help time fly when waiting for food. 
I suggest coming here during the weekday for dim sum because the weekends get pretty crowded (typical of any dim sum joint). But if you must go during the weekend, expect for a long wait time for food to come to your table.Pretty bad dim sum except for the chicken feet, which was excellent - great flavor and tender. Also the hot tea they served was delicious - chrysanthemum. 
The siu mai was weak - pungent meat odor as if it was sitting somewhere for awhile. Not a good taste at all. I love dim sum and siu mai in particular. I didn't want to finish the pieces here, which has never happened before. 
The beef tsan fun was pretty awful too - sloppily prepared as if someone already cut it into pieces for a toddler to eat with random missing sections of meat with just skin. 
Beef tripe was ultra greasy and not seasoned or spiced up enough. More meat pungency. 
Maybe it was a bad day. I went on a recent weekday afternoon and it was pretty dead in there.Maybe I'm just being too harsh in my review. I'll start off by saying that it was in general, better than dim sum I've had in Atlanta, but nowhere as good as what I've had in Flushing. 
Maybe I came with too high expectations. We ordered quite a few dishes:
1. Xia chang fen (shrimp wrapped in steamed rice noodle sheet?) - good flavor, but on the small side. The rice noodle wrap was good and chewy, but overall, the shrimp were small, and the wrap size was small. just too small.
2. Pai gu (pork spare ribs) - pretty standard, but nothing really special.
3. Xia jiao (shrimp dumpling) - again, pretty standard, and we had some problems getting them apart (they were stuck together).
4. Sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves - THIS was probably my favorite thing we ordered. Almost considered ordering another. Great sticky consistency of the rice and the flavors were just wonderful! In my opinion, I've had some of these where the rice just wasn't sticky/gooey enough, and others that were just way too mushy. Here, they just nailed it.
5. Xian shui jiao (deep fried, sticky rice dumpling w/ salty filling) - this was also pretty good - not as crispy as I would have liked on the first bite, but the filling is really good, and the dumpling consistency/flavor is also very good.
6. Taro fried dumpling - more subtle taro flavor than I would have expected. It was also pretty good, but although the taro flavor was more subtle, there was a fairly thick layer of the taro, so I felt like this one had a little too little flavor overall.
7. Bean curd wrapped dumpling - this was pretty good too - the brownish gravy/sauce was good and I'm always a fan of ordering this one whenever I get dim sum.
8. Cha sao bao (bbq pork steamed bun) - these were okay - not the best steamed bun, nor the best bbq pork I've had - would probably skip these and try something else next time.
now although overall, I kinda give this place a middle of the road review, I will say that coming to Joy Tsin Lau, you will be able to order LOTS of dim sum dishes, and leave quite satisfied with the bill (even if you're not TOTALLY satisfied with the meal). I'd probably come back again, but only after trying some of the other dim sum places in Philly.This place blow me away both in terms of deco and food. The red color skim and lanterns are so traditional, it is charming that the owner has kept it for so long. 
The dim sum was also very old style cantonese. Very basic and well prepared. Taste is subtle, but not bland. Portion is large enough to satisfy my taste buds. We had pretty much all the basic dishes. chicken feet, turnip cake, har gaio, shai mai, stuffed egg plant, stuffed to fu, and tripe. I would have put them up against most places in SF. 
Only weak thing is the tea, not quite up to par. Price is surprisingly low, come to a little less than $8 per person, tips included.
Line was out the door by noon so get there early.Always go here for dim sum when I am in Philly. This place never fail me !I absolutely LOVE going to this place!  Dirty, over the top Chinese decor, carts rolling all over the place with fantastic food, servers who don't speak english all that well so its always somewhat of a surprise when you get something off the cart.  They usually describe it the best they can and then you just have to go with it.  Last time I was there I got the pig intestines.  Absolute knockout!  I craved them for about 2 weeks after that! It seems to me that perhaps some of the other reviewers here are looking for a genuine fine cuisine experience.  Get a grip.  Enjoy the place for what it is!  Weekdays for lunch is the best time to go.  Not so crowded.  Weekends lunch and dinner are packed.  The first time I went we waited in line about 25 minutes but it was totally worth the wait.  I also love most of the servers.  They are so kind and if you are willing to try something new (i.e. chicken feet, pig intestine) and you are caucasian they get a real joy out of it.  If you are visiting Philly or you are living in town you have to give this place a try.  Its a heck of a lot of fun!Some of the best Dim Sum we've had in a long time. We wandered by on a Tuesday afternoon and were very pleasantly surprised with what we found. The Kanji was excellent, variety was very good and they had some of the best shu mai that we've tasted! Steamed pork buns left something to be desired, but were about a 7/10 - good not great. Service was fantastic and friendly. Very attentive, but not overwhelming. 
Overall a place we'll definitely be going back to when we're in town!I would have to say that this would have to be the best dim sum in Philly.   I have tried a couple of other places which were all greasy and not that memorable.  The food here has a wide variety and especially enjoyed the chicken feet.  This might be a problem for the vegetarians who will have a harder time finding small dishes without meat.We discovered that it is not easy getting dim sum early in the Philly Chinatown.
All of them open after 10AM. I guess there isn't enough business to open early.
So we had to wait an half hour.
Being the first in the dim sum place is risky because I always wonder if the stuff are yesterday's left overs.
We had a variety of stuff and it tasted over cooked or reheated. It did not taste fresh.
The best or fresh was the congee and pork dumplings.
The rest of the dim sum is average tasting and on the greasy. 
Price is average.
If you are from NYC, don't expect better.This place doesn't even have air conditioner. Their shrimp dumpling is sour which means it already turned bad. The Durians cake was cold when served. We ask them to heat it and it was broken into two pieces after they heat it. All the fillings were out. Looks really disgusting. The fire alarm screamed for five minutes. I felt my head was about to explode. By the time we finally can't bear any longer, the dish we ordered still didn't come out.
Terrible. Never gonna go there again.love this place, especially for their Dim Sum! not too expensive, but yummy and arthentic! shrimp dumpling and  leaves wrapped  chicken with rice! marinated chicken finger , pork bun... are my favorite !Unfortunately I was not too impressed with the food, but definitely cool experience. The place is packed with tons of asian memorabilia and pictures of famous people, so it has a homey/messy feel. We went for brunch and tried out the cart experience, where you pick things off the cart as they come about. I liked the fried pumpkin dish, but the dumplings, rice and even the shrimp balls had odd aftertaste and I wasn't able to really finish them. So maybe it's just not my type of food. The place is super packed and there is a long wait, so maybe I'm just missing something? I think it's worth a try for the experience, and you won't leave hungry!Went with group of 11 for a birthday dinner. They were very accommodating and friendly, as we changed reservation number multiple times. 
Interesting decor, a lot going on and very bright.
Interesting service. Server was funny, interactive, and helpful. A bit slow, and dishes came out at different times, but not bad considering size of table.
Decent food. Not great. semi bland, much sodium. Good oranges.Anytime we venture downtown we have to stop at Joy Tsin Lau. Our kids are always excited when we say we're going there. They have the best Chinese in the city! The management is so friendly and so sweet to our kids. Their dim sum is just tasty!Great dim sum brunch option. We enjoyed eating from the steady parade of carts until we were full, then past full, then extremely full. Having so dramatically over eaten, we still ended up paying very little. 
One warning: if you don't eat pork, you will need to carefully pick what you eat.This seems to be the default place for dim sum most of the time for me.  Come early on the weekend, though, because it tends to be quite crowded and you might have to wait in line.  The food is good and meets your expectations for dim sum, but it isn't the best I've ever had.  The carts come around often enough, and the service is pretty good.  I've also been here numerous times for wedding banquets, dinners, etc. and it's your dependable Chinese restaurant as well for those occasions.The tea and house noodles with duck sauce aren't that great but the food was excellent!I came here for Chinese New Year Dinner this Sunday and I would say it's your standard big restaurant. 
The four seasons is average, probably what you would expect from a cheaper place. The steamed fish is yummy and tastes just like home (Striped bass) but overpriced at 20+ dollars.This place is def hyped up because of its owner and that it has been around forever.  The inside to me is really cheesy but some people would say its traditional Chinese decor.  There is also a huge wall of photos of famous people to attract tourists.  
The dim sum has a lot of dishes to choose from.  They are served hot and fresh.  The thing is that everything is so greasy and oily.  I like getting intestines which are already oily but get it here and it comes drench in a pool of oil and fat.  After eating here I usually get a heavy dose of the itis and feel like crap prob cause the food is loaded with MSG.  Now the only thing I eat here is the 4 Seasons Jellyfish and lobster with ginger and scallion to go.  They are actually pretty good and the only thing I think worth eating here.
Dim Sum is something I would expect this place to be good at but it taste like any other below average dim sum in the area.  I really think this place is over hyped.  The mediocre food is covered up by the popularity of this place.I went here for Dim Sum in June.. Getting in there i thought the place looked a little funky and to be honest been a good long while since i had had dim sum. well they brought around the carts and most of the staff's English, or lack of, made it near impossible to ask a question. So we flew in blindly. Most items seemed to have pork, and really only were slight variations on the other offerings.
Then came the part that killed me and the rest of my afternoon. To be honest it took a little bit of my soul. We saw this dish that we believed to either be some type of pasta like thing or possibly a vegetable. we asked multiple times what pray tell is this exotic item.. we had no clue what the woman said and so we went with it, about two bites in one of pieced together what she had actually said... "duck feet",.... yeah mother F-ing duck feet. thankfully i had not had a bite, as i really had no interest in trying duck feet, but even the sight of it made me ill.
Overall the rest of the items were decent at best... on the plus side the place is cheap we left thinking we could have spent anywhere from $20 to $80 and spent like 32.. but there was really nothing great that stood out among their items.Food and prices were excellent but service was horrible. Servicers were often called to large party tables in pairs leaving other patrons waiting and waiting. I had to ask for my rice and shrimp rolls. My shrimp rolls came after we had finished eating. I would never revisit this restaurant.inedible food horrible service, worst dining experience ever, eat any where but thereI have my third son happy birthday last night
The food still the best 
9
Lot of foods and still very tasty
Keep good cookers
9/14/14 @ 6:30 pm dinneras a native chinese, especially cantonese, dim sum here is totally not good. ingredients are not fresh at all.Went this weekend. Predictable food. Huge portions. Fair prices, I like the fact that we are not the only non Chinese folks in this restaurant. Could be cleaner and have a bit more modern appointments. Looks tired. Service was fast. Spring rolls were crispy, but a lot of oil remained. My dish shrimp and peanuts was supposed to be hot, but was not. Husband's dish was better, duck.Evening dim sum. Very tasty. Long way from LA, a good place to visit in Philly. You should make this a stop in Chinatown.I always make it a point to come here when I am in the area. The dim sum is by far the best.  Yes the restaurant looks really dirty and the restrooms are dirty but I look past that and look at the food. 
They push carts with a variety of food both cold and hot. The choices range from duck feet to leek dumplings, tufu to cheong fun. Prices are reasonable but can add up fast because you want to try everything.   I would definitely recommend going. Plan on being there at least an hour.
One drawback is parking. The streets are narrow and congested. There are several parking garages around $7/hr.My family knows the owner for quite a few years now so we usually get great customer service from her staff.  
This review is strictly based on the last time we were there for my Dad's birthday dinner.  We reserved a round table for 12 people and ate family-style to a 10 course meal.  (It's more common to see 10 course meals at Chinese wedding reception/banquet.) There was ample amount of food for all 12 of us and had plenty of leftovers from each dish. I was disappointed that the food was just mediocre as a couple of the dishes were too salty.Dim Sum cravings in Philly? this is the place.  Crowded. Loud. Long lines. Great dim sum (isn't it all great?).  Parking is a pain, but the food is v. good.  Recommended.I've been coming to this restaurant since I was a toddler, mostly for receptions and dim sum. Joy Tsin Lau is like that corner store that you go to just cuz' it's there and you've been going there for so long. 
Their food is decent, and their dim sum is on par with those around them. I'll share with everyone a recent experience I had at dim sum. Me and a colleague went in for dim sum a few weeks ago on a Friday, late morning. They seated us to the right, with that tiny aisle. I asked to be reseated in the center, where the carts frequent. I was shot down, even though there was capacity. Ok, fine, let's eat. The carts came by maybe once? We ended up trying to flag them down and trying to get the attention of the servers. In the end, we waited 45 minutes and were only able to get two dim sum plates. We paid our tab ($5) and left a dollar on the table for tip. We left the restaurant and got about 20 feet away when a server magically appeared and demanded more money for tip. Apparently chasing down patrons on Race street for tips for mediocre service is acceptable. I handed him another dollar and shook my head. It just wasn't worth trying to explain.Food: If you like lukewarm to cold dim sum, this is the place for you.
Service: Friendly enough
Price: Cheap is one thing it has going for it
I was torn between giving this place 1 or 2 stars. I decided to stick to 1 since in my opinion, all food should come out at least warm, especially when you are talking dim sum. Unfortunately for Philly on a Thursday afternoon, high turnover is not an asset, so we were stuck with cold dishes on a cold Feb day.
Of all the dishes, the only one I would recommend is the shrimp long fun (shrimp wrapped in rice noodles). Everything else was cold (deep fried taro, salty dumpling) or else flavorless (beef long fun, shu mai). I can't remember anything else that we ordered. 
The constant doorbell ringing (which we assumed to be the kitchen alerting the carts to collect food) was also pretty annoying. Sorry, Philly, my tuned bay area tastebuds gives this place two thumbs down, even if this was the cheapest dim sum meal I had in my whole life (either that or I lost my appetite to order).I love this place. I haven't really ever ordered food there (other than egg rolls), so I can't comment on that. But the bartender (I believe his name is Tin) makes awesome drinks. He is also a really friendly and funny guy. The first time I went there, me and a couple friends sat at one of the small tables near the bar, and in no time at all we were having an extended conversation with Tin. He was cracking jokes, shooting the breeze with us, and made us feel very welcome. 
On our return trip at a later date, we went with a larger party so we had to sit in the dining area. We didn't order any entrees (we were there for drinks), but the staff was cool with it. And although we weren't sitting anywhere near the bar, Tin went out of his way to come over and talk with us. We talked about alcohol, girls, the karaoke bar in his basement, and other dude stuff. He also told the women with us that they were "sexxxxxy laddddieees". This may sound sketchy on paper but it was actually hilarious and all in good fun. Like the first time we went, Tin also hooked us all up with free shooters. And when we left, he told us that he loves us (in a funny and totally non-creepy way). 
The only complaint that I have about this place is that the second time we went it smelled pretty funky. it smelled like a badger got into some Jagermeister, ate a bunch of hot pockets, took a loose dump in a running toaster oven and then died in said toaster oven several hours before he was discovered. But hey, you get used to the smell pretty quick, and it really isn't that big of a deal considering the epic service you get from Tin.The food is very good.
I would be more descriptive than that, but here's my problem:  I have little knowledge of what I actually ate.  As far as I can tell, there are no menus.  The food came by on carts, my lunch companions told the server we'd have this, this and this, it appeared on the Lazy Susan in the middle of the gigantic table, and everyone grabbed a piece or two from each dish.
I tried to find out what everything was, I swear.  Each time I asked, it seemed like the answer was, "I think it has pork in it."  The one bit of information I did learn is the food that looks like onion rings is actually friend calamari.  Beyond that, I'm clueless.
So, my advice is, if you're a rookie regarding this cuisine, have an experienced dim summer accompany you on your first trip (or two).We finally had good dim sum in Philly! (I would have given it a 4.5)
Everything you'd expect - friendly servers coming by with the carts of small bites.You get a whole pot of hot tea to drink while you're enjoying the food, and you get a small plate of sugar crystals to pop in there. I thought the dishes were very staple ones, and a few extras (more shrimp and seafood choices).  I can't tell you everything we had, but we enjoyed it all.
Our kids even enjoyed some shumai.
BTW - This was very affordable! We ate like kings for less than $50!This was maybe one of the worst Chinese restaurants I've ever been to.
My sister and I ventured out last night and were instantly sorry upon being seated. The stained tablecloth and carpet, rubbery meat and gamey soup was enough to case stomach cramps and nausea. Will
NOT be returning...My first experience with Dim Sum.. Must say it was pretty amazing! The food just kept on coming and the bill was amazingly inexpensive!  We had dumplings, tripe, shrimp balls, noodles and a lot more that I honestly cannot remember.. 
The only negative thing I will say is it was extremely HOT inside.  Need better ventilation.One of my 3 go-to restaurants in Chinatown.  I love the taste of the food here; if I'm not in the mood for Peking Duck or Crispy Shrimp Roll, I go here for everything else.  My parents and I dine here at least once a month, and usually get the same stuff.  I'll highlight some of my favorites.
Bean Curd & Seafood Soup: great start to your meal.  Put a splash of red vinegar and some red chili oil.  Everyone has at least 2 bowls.
Deep fried whole fish with sweet and sour sauce: you do the work on the fish, with the bones, head, and eyeballs all intact.  It's so freaking good though man.
Stir-fried lobster with ginger and scallion: Again, all parts intact, but it's worth the work.  This is consistently good every time, and sometimes it's on sale!! The sign is written in Chinese on neon cardboard on the restaurant doors, and will usually say $9.95. If you're unsure, just ask. My mom always does. No shame in her game, if it means she's getting a bonanza deal on lobster.  Max is 2 per table though for the special.
General Tso's Chicken: Good.  Americanish.
Fried Bean Curd with Mashed Shrimp: A lot of people I know don't like tofu.  But I love this dish.  Exterior is super light and crispy, interior has a shrimp inside the soft tofu.  The scallion soy sauce that comes with it is not too salty, so you can put quite a bit on.  It comes with like 10 pieces of tofu.  Shareable, if anyone actually likes tofu.  It really is one of my faves though.
Steamed Oysters on the Half Shell with XO Sauce: A new favorite.  The oysters are always huge.  If you're going to get this, order it as soon as you get there because these babies need time to cook. 
The Peking duck here IS good: it comes with the fluffy pancakes.  So when I want the fluffy pancakes,  I order this. At night, the duck can be very greasy though.
I don't like their appetizers as much as I used to when I was a kid.  I don't like to do dim sum here because it's always sooooo crowded on the weekends and they really cram you into uncomfortable spots if it's too busy.  The food here is excellent, the experience can be a little uncomfortable, and  the communication can be tough.  Everything is family style, so be prepared for leftovers.