I went to this restaurant a couple of days after it had opened! It wasn't to bad for the price you are paying but the meat all just taste the same...no difference in the marinade for any of the meats. The seafood was all very fishy. Also they have popcorn chicken and they gave us two servings and both were not fresh. I was a little disappointed on the freshness of the food but I guess you can't complain when you are being 18-20$ for all you can eat Korean bbq. I recommend dinner so you can take advantage of all the meats.I would definitely would recommend this place for people looking for a hot pot and bbq place in the northeast. The wait is crazy almost 2 hours but if you leave your name, they will text you when your table is ready. The portion is small but its all you can eat so you can keep ordering.Walked in for my friend's birthday, Aiden made sure everything was 10/10. +1 for the personal hot pot spaces on the tables.Favorite hot pot place ever ever ever! Great selection and it's fun, supppper clean,  loud and plays EDM. The people are very nice and attentive. Im coming back every week.On mother's day night, i went in with my family 
I gave a call in advance to check availability 
I knew they must be busy since it was because of prime time , like around 7pm. Woman on the phone informed us that the waiting time was 35mins which was doable 
We arrived in the place within 30 mins. Place was packed! Full of people in the waiting area. 
When we got to the reception desk, they told us 2-3 hours of waiting time. 30 mins ago, it was 35mins wait. But within that time frame, increased to 2-3hours??
And she just laughed and said customers were kept coming. Should have told us honestly then we wouldnt have driven for 40mins to get there
We ended up going crappy chinese restaurant nearby that was not worth paying for.Kpot at Franklin Mills Mall was BANGING!! 
The food is great, the price is fair but it's mainly the location, having a spot like this CLOSE to us is so great. They're probably doing mad well by their location alone. It's pretty much the common response by all my friends in Bucks County that not only is it good but its close. 
Overall very satisfied w this spot. The big question is 'is it better than Seorabol in Northeast?' and thats rough. It's all you can eat which I prefer and being newer, the building is really nice. For me personally, the All you can eat factor is what makes this spot the winner. Food quality is equal. 
Nice having some updated Kpop to dance along with while l eat. This is already becoming a spot where you run into your friends when you go. One of my friends has gone there 4 times in 8 days already. 
If you wanna save a few bucks, go for lunch but some items are Dinner Only menu which when you see which items, you'll probably want to go for dinner to be honest.Went to K-Pot on the grand opening weekend since then we been there 4 times. For all the foodies out there this is a place to go, the variety of food they have is pretty good. We've been in others Korean bbq restaurants where the meats and veggies are limited but not here. Honest opinion this restaurant will meet your desires, highly recommended you do either BBQ alone or the pot alone, if you combined them (which there's nothing wrong by doing so) we believe is way to much food. They have a station to make your own marinating sauce and they have different seasoning guide you could use to have a perfect Korean experience. The ambience is good, side note the music maybe they might have to turn down a bit not too much because all 4 times we went to the restaurant having a conversation on the table could be challenging as  you could be screaming to the person in front of you so they can hear you. Other than that i rate 5 stars on Yelp, because: food, staff, location, parking, price.This is probably one of my favorite places to go in Philly. It has my favorite things, hot pot and kbbq. The service is extremely fast and by the time I was done picking my sauces, most of the things were already on the table. everything was quite delicious and the staff was very friendly. my server, ryan asked nearly every time he passed my table if we were doing alright, if we needed to change our grill, etc., which was very well appreciated. They also had sago soup which I had never seen any other asian restaurant have. Overall, we had a great time here.Great price for both bbq & hotpot! But the only con is...when you placed 3rd re-order they don't bring it out and let you sit waiting!This place is awesome. The service is great. They're super fast with bringing in your order and are patient with explaining the menu and the options. Our server Aiden was super knowledgeable and brought everything out quickly. He was really great at tending to our grill and making sure everything was properly cooked. We got the szechuan soup and the kpot special soup for our hot pots. The soups were really flavorful. We'll definitely be coming back!Little far from my place but it was worth a trip for the price 16.99 for ayce! Clean, fresh, etc. but the service was extremely slow. I can see that they are serving meats extremely slowly on purpose. Saying that "they are slicing meats" "alot of people ordered same thing" blah blah..  looks like people who ordered BBQ get meats alot faster since they have nothing to cook but meats but myself and my bf ordered hotpot , took forever to get meats. We ended up not eating much. One sliced pork belly dish, 2-3 sliced beef which is not alot. But overall, vegetable was fresh and the broth was fine. In the menu, it says lunch hour is 11am to 4pm but be aware! They open exactly at 12pm noon. Place is packed pretty quickly for lunch on Friday.This past weekend my wife wanted a different dining experience and I remembered a restaurant that my son had mentioned about a week ago. Had never been to a Korean bbq before. This is my first Yelp review and I'm writing this because the experience was that compelling!!From the quality of the food, the abundance of food (for the price) and most importantly the service. Our hostess, Winly, was courteous, friendly and helpful. She guided my wife and I through ordering the food and cooking and by the end of dinner I felt like I had done this before! All said, it was a great dining experience and would recommend this to anyone who wants great food and service. Thanks Winly!This is definitely the best Korean Barbecue experience in the Philadelphia area! A great value for lunch and dinner. All of the meats are fresh and marinated greatly. The sauce bar is actually creative and not an excuse to not provide good service. All of the sides are delicious as well, although I wish they would bring back the potato salad or bring on a mac salad like the truly authentic KBBQ spots! I will always come back to K-Pot when I need my KBBQ fix!The services and the food there were great. They marinade the meat in a specific way which you never be able to do it at home-.-. I tried a couple time they all failed. Don't go for shrimpWe eat out frequent, esp Korean bbq buffets. This is by far our most fave to go to. Decor is beautiful n modern. The food and service there is out of this world!!!! AND you eat for free if it's your birthday, do don't forget to bring your id. The meat selection is fresh and delish!! Everybody get their very own little hot pot. The only thing I don't like is, everybody have to order the same selection. I.e., if one get hot pot only, then EVERYBODY have to get hot pot only too. So we all got hot pot and bbq. Which isn't bad. Just there's A LOT of food. Still cheaper than 9ting in Chinatown and no need to look for parking. The wait staffs are super friendly and very attentive to your needs. Even when it's super busy in there. This is my 2nd times here and DEFINITELY won't be my last. They even have anime characters come out for your birthday celebrations. I think that's cute(see pictures)My husband and I happen upon the building this is in about a year ago, unsure if K-POT was coming or going because there was a plastic sign draped over the roof saying what looked like kbbq but it was def under renos of some sort.
Fast forward to now, and it's a K-POT!
The last of my bday celebrations, we hit up K-POT and while the parking lot did not look crowded, to our shock inside almost every table was occupied.  We were quoted a 30-45 min wait......but when hubs and I were briefly discussing if we wanted to wait the hostess looked around and saw one lone table in the bar area.  Half booth, and one chair on the other side.  Beggars can't be choosers so we sat down happily. 
We went for, what you should go for....the combo AYCE hotpot and kbbq!  Our server came over quickly with all of the typical banchan, was cheery, explained the menu efficiently and how the process works.  I got the tomyum soup base, and hubs the miso.  I made up our dipping sauces quickly from the sauce bar (they have signs of what to mix together for novices) and by the time I got back to the table meat was on the grill and all hot pot ingredients were on the table in a flash.  I couldn't believe how fast she was.  
The banchan and appetizers were okay.
The japchae, and oi kimchi was the best to me.
Soon enough our soups were to the rolling boil and all the meats, seafood, and veggies were ready to be dipped and consumed.  I have to say, I enjoyed the hotpot over the kbbq!  Pipping hot, dip was delicious, the tomyum was a great base to pick with just a hint of spicy.  The veggies were good, especially the greens.
The kbbq was very good, albeit the bulgogi and kalbi were very on the sweet side for me.  It was def. marinated very well, even taste throughout, but it was just in the end too sweet for me.  Next time, it's ribeyes for hubs and me all the way.  The ribeye was really great.
Service was very good, as I said she was very cheery, and personable each time she came to our table to check on us.  Our drinks never went unfilled, and we only had to ask her to help cut the meat once (the ribeye) when I was occupied with my hotpot otherwise I handled adding and flipping the meat on the grill just fine.
The price in the end on a thursday night was very reasonable for AYCE in a 2 hour time limit.  Go for the money items (whole steaks and seafood) and you will leave satisfied.  Can't wait to go back!Wow this place is great , food is very good and our server name was Winly and she was a great host , I'm telling you this place is great1. Great K-Food, fresh seafood, fresh and quality meat. Love the crab, jumbo shrimp, fried scallop, Kobe beef, brisket, very fresh mushroom and veggie. 
2. About 1 hour wait on a Friday night, but need to check with their rep often. They told me wait another hour after 1 hour but lucky I received a text from their system. I showed the text to them and they let us seat right after
3. Customer Service seems overload. Our server always in a hurry. But she let us order with no limit item. So we don't have to take time too much between rounds.
Definitely recommended!Super super solid kbbq/hot pot place for the philly burbs.  Staff are attentive and the food quality is good.  Reminds me of an Asian Texas Roadhouse.  If you've been to both you'll know what I mean.Best spot for hotpot in the NE. My favorite part about it is the seafood option - get more for ya buck. Best soup is Tom yum soup IMO. Great options for bbq from chicken-fish-beef.  & can't go wrong with the side dishes! Radish and pork belly ~ yummmm.Today was my third visit to K-Pot.  Day one Began with just the Hot Pot.  FANTASTIC!  I am a soup lover to begin with so it wasn't too hard to satisfy my.  The choice of ingredients from beef to chicken, lamb, pork, vegetables, shrimp, fish clams, mussels, noodles, etc.  all were fresh and delicious.  Our server was HANNAH.  She is a delight and very helpful making your selections and preparing your meal.  I ask just for her now.  I leave there filled to the gills as my Mom would say.  You have to go here.  I have only made it three times for lunch.  Can't wait for a dinner visit.  The cuts of meat are larger it seems and more varied.  For a restaurant that is unique, fun, delicious and friendly, K-Pot is for you.  You will not disappointed!BBQ & HOT POT are really GOOD. The services and the waiters are very nice I am recommended.Quality meats (aside from artificial crab and lobster)... Great service, can't go wrongThe food is ALWAYS fresh and they're very vegetarian friendly (as long as the meat eaters in your party don't mind waiting for you to grill first). 
Khiem is the best server there; he checks in continuously without going overboard and is always there when you're ready to order more food. He's incredibly helpful, recommending best sellers, and knows the menu like the back of his hand!
The tables and booths are cleaned and set immediately after a party leaves, and the restaurant overall is very well maintained.
We've already been a few times and plan on going back tonight!This place just opened and I might go back. I did not expect this place to be busy on a Thursday and at 6pm. It was super busy! We waited like only 30 mins though so it wasnt that bad. After 30 mins, we get our menus and water. This was an all you can eat Korean bbq. I was surprised when they had a premium steak on the menu and it tasted very good. We got many other things on the menu and it all tasted good and fresh. But I find that one of their bbq shprt ribs had alot of fat. The fat to meat ratio was just high. But other than the food, the environment was very relaxing and comfortable. I got to chat with my people, have a good time, and eat good food. The service.... the restaurant was super busy and the workers looked busy as hell. But when we was finished our first course of meats, it took like 45 mins for our waitress to come back to us. But I'm very understandable and they had other customers to take care of. But my overall rating is 4/5I've been dying for this kind of a Korean bbq restaurant in my area so when a friend mentioned this place had just opened, I couldn't wait to try it. Sooo not disappointed! The food was absolutely amazing and fresh. Our server Aiden was amazing, extremely helpful and super attentive. The rest of the staff was also very friendly and the place looks awesome. Definitely will be coming back again!Have a new favorite restaurant and k-pot is its name! The staff is helpful and friendly and the restaurant is clean big + in my book. So checked in and got a free beer another + party of four with one vegetarian and no problems the meat and fish was kept separate from the vegetables and tofu yes another + some places seemed bothered by doing this. Ordered the hot pot and bbq and the combinations are endless for both who dosen't like being able to craft your own ramen or noodle soup/bowl and bbq. Only one minor problem with the meal is if one person orders bbq everyone is bumped the $3 charge even if you only ordered the hot pot which I dont have a problem with because everyone shares but when you have a vegetarian with you it becomes a ridiculous charge asked for the manager his name is Elvin and he explained it's not his rules but he took care of it so another + thank you Elvin. I would highly recommend trying K-pot it's a very pleasant experience a little noisy but good food and service.This place is amazing!! All you can eat hot pot and Korean bbq!! Great food ,spirit , price and staff!! They have so many selections on what you want for your hot pot soup base and Korean bbq. Always packed and they just opened. If you want a great social experience while eating -this would be the place!! Can't wait to share this with my family!! You must try!!I've waiting for this type of restaurant in our area for awhile now, a friend told me about it so we came to try them out, Awesome service, great food clean and friendly environment 5 definitely coming back for more, great job guys.Had an overall great experience even though it's a all you can eat new hot/bbq spot. We loved the selections from both hotpot and korean bbq. The sauce bar has many options you can choose from. The service was excellent and our food arrived very quickly. I would highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area!I want to first mention how aesthetically pleasing and clean the venue is when you first walk in. The floors, walls, ceilings, tables and chairs all have a subtle and welcoming vibe. There is plenty of room to move around and get to different sections of the restaurant. We had the most pleasant manager, David, taking care of us and checking in if everything was okay. Our waitress, Hannah, was such a pleasure serving us with her attentiveness, great personality and help whenever we needed things. For my dining experience, I got both the hot pot and the bbq which were some of the best foods I've ever had. The tum yum broth is one the best hot pot broths I have ever eaten in all of the Philadelphia area. The broth was semi spicy and salty enough to create a flavor anyone can enjoy. The quality bbq meats, especially the short rib, were tender and flavorful which is some of the most important things I look for when eating bbq. This was one of my best experiences at any restaurant overall and not just compared to other hotpot and  bbq places in the area. I would recommend this place to everyone I know without hesitation and I will be back.Oh My Gosh!! I am so glad I found this place!! I been searching for a all you can eat Korean bbq and it is so hard. This place is not only good on the wallet but the meats are good too. Seasoned pork belly was to die for and the side dishes here are actually good. They were not bitter or too sour.  I would totally recommend this place!!Food is good! Meat selection is good. Better than Nine Ting in Philly Chinatown. Free parking. Free draft beer or soda with a yelp check in. There's a sauce station so you can make your own dipping sauce for your BBQ or hotpot. Also, there's a fruits and dessert station next to the sauce station. Waiter is very friendly and nice. Help you cook your meat and always check if you need anything or more food. Came here during their soft opening and again the second time. Will come again! Free birthday hotpot or BBQ on your birthday with a party of 4 people or more.This place is absolutely incredible. Yesterday I went with a good friend of mine and it was delicious. For $28 you get to have unlimited hotpot and bbq for two hours. It's doesn't seem like much time to eat, but the grill does work fast. We waited no more than a minute or so for anything we ordered. Our servers, as well as other members of the wait staff were prompt and attentive. Drinks were always refilled and there was always someone checking on us. The hot pot was beautifully done, we both got Szechuan. I'm quite good with spice and she is not, but the broth wasn't overly spicy at all, it was also perfectly salted. As far as decor, the restaurant is beautiful and the bathrooms were extremely clean. With the quality of the food, as well as the diligence of the staff, the owner has a recipe for continued success if all remains consistent. This will be my go to place when I'm in the area. I'll be back in two weeks!Affordable hot pot and very quick service! I dined here twice so far and I enjoyed it both times. If you like Tom-yum soup, I would try the Tom-yum broth. It can get a little salty but I still enjoyed it. There are many food options to choose from for ur veggies. I would say this place is better than hippot and nine ting in the city!Loved this place ! The music was way too loud first time. But today music was considerably lower!  The menu is great with so many options. The fun in cooking your own food is a fun experience. Favorite on menu is marinated beef bulgogi !!!Fresh food, great service.  The waitress was extremely helpful guiding us through the process.  They give you 2 hours for all you can eat and we didn't get pass an hour.Food was so delicious.  Did both the BBQ and the hot pot for a birthday party.  Grilled the pineapple with salt at the very end before we ate the birthday cake the group brought.  Be warned, long wait around dinner time.  But we killed time at the Dave and Buster's across the street.  Also amazing service from Winly- attentive service!Service is good, meat quality is kind of low. The temperature of the grill is not hot enough for grilling.  They use an electric, not gas grill.Our server Amanda was great and very attentive. The Google listing for K-Pot says it opens at 11:30 am but it really opens at 12:00 noon on Saturdays. There was a small line already formed which speaks for the place. The portions are great. I do recommend the pork belly and steak cuts. We only did BBQ but I would definitely want to try the Hot Pot. It's very spacious unlike Nine Ting in Center City which is more crowded. There's also ample parking space. I'd definitely go here over Center City for a Korean BBQ fix.Good food, great service. Plays bts music ^^ servers are funny and will coon food for you. Great side dishes! Its all you can eat and the orders are a consistent amount. You can grill pineapples here :3 winly is great server!This was a super fun experience. My daughter loved to be included with cooking and loved it. The food was so good and fresh! The service was also wonderful and quick to get additional food out to us. My only wish was that they offered reservations during the weekends because we waited a long time- but I guess the wait tells you how good it was.The ingredients are fresh and the meats are seasoned well. Service has been superb! Twice we have our waitress Winly and she has made our experience here very memorable. She went above and beyond to make sure we have plastic utensils for the little man, candy towards the end, even offered cough drops for grandma with the slightest cough. She explained the menu, answered questions we may have and made sure our waters was always tipped off. She offered to change our grill when our meats were getting charred. Excellent service! All in all, this is our favorite Korean bbq & hotpot ayce place. The broths are flavorful - love miso, herbal and kpot special which changes so make sure to ask. They also have a sauce bar with fruits and desserts provided (limited but better than other places not having any included).First time coming here after this place opened, previously went to the location in east Brunswick and this location is by far much better.  Waited about 45 minutes on a Friday night, even though the place was crowded everything came out rather fast.
Shout-out to our waiter Jimmy who took very good care of us and was very attentive despite there being a full houseThis was my first time there and I didn't know what to expect and how to order. Waitress came right over and without being ignorant, showed us all menu items, how to order, and was very patient with us while we decided what we wanted (which was quite a few minutes). Came to our table often and turning our meat (even though we had been doing it ourselves, the thought was in the right place). Our drinks stayed full, and had lots attention from staff. I WILL be back again, this time, I'll be a pro at ordering lol.This is the best hot pot and bbq buffet that I had. The place is clean and big, modern, and new. We came on weekday lunch, but prefer to do dinner. The place itself quite busy, I recommend you come on weekday if you want to try to go there. 
We paid around $30 per person for both hot pot and bbq. With that price, we can order whatever we want. I think the excludes jumbo shrimp, blue crab, premium brisket, kobe beef, and some other items for the lunch. We get our side dishes soon after we sat. The waitress came with some tab to take our orders. We will get out personal hot pot which I love it so much. The food came even before our waiter left!!
The food is good and well seasoned. We only ordered for the recommendation and everything tasted good and fresh. If you want to make the dipping sauce but don't know what to do, ask your waiter to help you with that. But don't hope too much for the desserts, the only have 2 soups desserts which is okay. And 3 kinds of fruits : melon, pineapple, and oranges. Nothing else. And beverages is not included to the priceAwesome spot. Best cucumber kimchi I've had outside of Korea. My favorite Korean bbq place I've been to. We had Amanda as our waitress and she was awesome! The menu is extensive and everything was fresh. Can't wait to come backI think this place trumps all other hotpot place in Philly. The broth options were great and flavor was excellent. We had tom yum, spicy korean tofu and miso. All the different flavors were amazingly good. It did not make you thirsty after the meal.
We came on a Sunday and it was the all you can eat hotpot and bbq option. We had alot of the menu item and it was to order but limitless. Keep in mind they do have a food waste charge if you order way too much and can not finish. Lol.
Meats, seafood and veggies for the hotpot were fresh and great portion size per order. Crab, fish tofu, fishball, tofu skin, silken tofu, shrimp, beef brisket, beef and veggies were plenty with our first order. Great portion size.
The bbq was just as good. A plate of butter, garlic, long hots, onion, potato, zucchini, korean bulgagi, chicken, short ribs were excellent. The chicken was a little harder to cook because it was diced. Lol. But ok.
Condiments, so many different sauce options. Very good selection. Also a small fruit and jello section.
Our server was Mary. She was attentive, knowledgeable and on point for all questions and service. Quick and precise. Request to sit in her section. Lol. She is that good. 
Parking is in the lot and free. Our all you can eat was about $30 per person. Can beat that price or how good the food was. Definitely worth the trip and ride up there considering it is a 30 min ride plus, pending traffic.Love, love, love the choices for hot pot and Korean style barbecue.  Totally delicious.We came in at 6:45 and gave the hostess a heads up that we had a party of 17 coming in around 8:00. We all worked in the restaurant business and are fully aware how seating and call ahead seating works which is why we came so early to wait. The hostess told us they would have two tables that will be ready for us at 8. We were confused when the two tables that she said we were going to be given got sat with two other parties. Our party was complete around 7:30, and the hostess never came back to check in with us. Around 8:30 we complained to the hostess and the manager got involved. The hostess was talking very badly about my sister (we could over hear it the whole entire time)  after we complained and you could tell they did not want anything to do with us. It was my brothers birthday so we tried to keep our cool so he could enjoy his experience. We ended up being sat around 9:00 at a party table that fits 12, for 17 people. It was almost impossible to share our food and enjoy our experience completely because we had two grills to cook the food on. The waiter did not seem like he wanted anything to do with us either because I'm sure he heard from his employees that we were being a pain (when we really weren't). The food was brought out in a timely manner, but as the food was brought out we weren't told what each item of food was and it was put at different parts of the table given to people who did not order that. We also did not receive a significant amount of things that we ordered. We were not even able to get the full two hours at the table because last call was an hour and a half later. The waiter was waiting around the corner for us to tell him we were done eating and it seemed like he was rushing us out even though we were still eating. Overall this was was one of the worst experiences that I've ever had a restaurant and I will not be returning or recommending it to anyone else. I'm sure the other 16 people feel the same way. We have been to Korean BBQ spots before and had large groups and something like this has never happened. Fix your workers to be nice and understanding rather than ignorant and rude. What happened was unacceptable for a place that is so highly rated by others. (Plus the food wasn't authentic at all! They didn't know what we were ordering when we asked for Kalbi)!Great food, great atmosphere. 100% worth the price. Try the short rib (Galbi), it's delicious.My 5th time to KPot and will be the last. No service at all. 
Empty plates been sitting on my table for ages. Whoever passed by just looked & walked away.Our server never check with us did we need anything which others will do so to other customer. They are getting busy and service is getting downward too.The place is nice and clean since is new. The food seem fresh but not too impress with the food options since dinner is $25 per adult, on top of it they don't accept American Express. I won't be back.Food here is great! We came here for Mother's Day and although we had to wait an hour to be seated that was expected since it's a holiday and they don't do reservations. Service was on point! They are friendly! Clean atmosphere! Definitely coming back!Last night, I went to K-Pot with three friends. Before I go into the minuses, let me start with saying that the food was generally fine and the staff friendly. However, for almost forty dollars per person for BBQ and hotpot without any extras, that is the least one would expect. My first annoyance is that there is no space to put your legs underneath the table. It's like your sitting on a bar. Secondly, they put everything on separate plates, which takes too much space. You can easily end up with thirty plates on the table. In other places, the different types of raw meat are put on the same plate. Furthermore, the only empty plate that you get is a small one, so you cannot gather much on your own plate, and you keep moving plates around. Other places also have air suction above the barbecue. Because that feature is missing, all our clothes smelled of food after the visit. And when something got burned a bit, I felt like walking outside to get fresh air. Also note that if you order octopus, the heads are included. That did not exactly wet the appetite of anybody on our table. What bothered me also is that you pay extra for eating food, while they put raw meat on lettuce themselves, which makes a fine piece of lettuce no longer edible. Finally, I'd rather have a piece of paper to select the BBQ and hotpot items and put the meat on the BBQ ourselves instead of having a waiter standing next to our table most of the time. Altogether, everything is not well thought out and impractical.Nothing about this is Korean bbq. Placard that they have to strip away from the name due to the lack of Korean flavors. My first experience is that the service is slow.
If you have a big group, be mindful that theres only one grill per table and its infrared. It takes forever to cook your meat, cant really make your  crispy.
Make sure to order 3~5 portions of something because the portion is so tiny, it could barely feed one human.
The selection of meats are pretty basic, they do have more seafood selection compared to other bbq place.
Even though the service is slow, our waitress is very accommodating.
The extensive drink menu really makes up for whatever lack of service they have. Their peach sangria is really good and their wine selection can definitely be improved.
Side note: at least get the banchan right. The  was pretty awful...Second time here food is okay but I'm giving 2 stars today for one particular reason
It's July 4th me and my friend went for a bbq lunch, we speak Chinese and our server clearly understood, while we were ordering we were discussing which item is "dinner item" and not to order in front of the waitress,  long story short, in the end I got a bill for all day dinner price instead of lunch price, and we didn't get to eat ANY of the dinner menu,  little surprise!My girlfriend and I regularly visit the location in Brunswick, NJ. It's about a 2 hour round trip just to get our KBBQ Fix. We were absolutely thrilled to discover one was opening here in Philadelphia! 
K-POT delivers traditional flavors in a modern styling that rivals most if not all other KBBQ restaurants in the greater Philadelphia area. 
We ordered the japchae, short rib, bulgogi, smoke pork belly & garlic shrimp. I spent the first 10-15min enjoying my pork belly. Seasoned and marinated to perfection it's definitely a must have! The short rib is a close second. Tender, juicy, sweet! The garlic shrimp was big and well seasoned. The bulgogi was very tender and marinated very well. The bon-chon is pretty good as well and pairs well to any of the entrees you order. The server Phoebe was extremely helpful and nice. A couple servers periodically checked on us and cooked our food as we were stuffing our faces. There is NO other restaurant that pairs "All You Can Eat" with quality like K-Pot! 
The fact that this is in the upper northeast also makes this spot amazing. Parking is plentiful, near malls, stores etc. The restaurant itself is pristine. The decor has a nice modern theme. The TVs play sports and random Korean dramas. The music is usually upbeat kpop. They play some American pop hits too. We will be back very soon! Thank you KPOT for getting a location out here!Delicious :) they have an amazing selection of choices without sacrificing quality as you will see happening with most AYCE places. The environment is very casual and the servers always friendly. I went with my buddies (they offer a birthday special for parties of 4 where the birthday guest eats for free) and our servers were Aiden and Winly, would greatly recommend.I think this should be the Mecca of Korean BBQ enthusiasts. And priced very budget-friendly if you ask me.I love this place! First time there and it was more than I expected. My two little ones described it as heaven. Lol will be coming back with my friends for a girls night!Eat everything for 2 hours until you get the meat sweatssss. So seriously. This place was so good. Super friendly staff, and very clean place. The meat come out fresh, and flavorful. Worth every penny. Loved the sauce bar. Prices increase for the weekends. Wasn't too packed for Sunday lunch time. 
Def recommend!We loved our waitress Betsy...she made the experience well worth it an was was awesome with service!! Will definitely be coming back in future!There is always a wait of about an hour to eat here. However, They have a wide selection for both hot pot and BbQ.  I do think they should make another section for sauces, we wait 15mins in line to make our dipping sauces.  CON: The spicy broth is not very spicy PRO: service is always great here!!!!We have been here twice, and we will keep returning. Fresh ingredients, nice flavors. I really like the K-pot mushroom broth. The marinade for the BBQ is really nice too. Good prices. Attentive friendly servers.Msg msg msg. I had hot pot there and I was so thirsty afterward. Note that I barely use any sauces. I ate almost everything straight from hot pot soup. I had the healthy herbal soup base. It was good but it left me so thirsty.This is a new hot spot located across the street from DnB at Franklin Mills so expect waiting for a table. I came on a Saturday night and this place was packed, waited an hour for the table but the service and food was impeccable. These staff members (Hannah and Aiden) were attentive and friendly. Food came out very quickly and tasted delicious. Returning customer!
I recommend the miso pork belly and their premium dinner cuts, don't forget to stop by their sauce bar as well.Long wait time on a Saturday night but worth it if you want some hot pot/bbq with good atmosphere and parking. 
Diamond Nails Salon ....West Philly check it outttttVisited K-Pot again on Tuesday, May 28 for my brother's birthday (my brother's first time at K-Pot) and experienced the worst service.
First, the Live Wait on the Yelp app is not accurate.  Also, when I mentioned that I added my name to the Waitlist via Yelp, the hostess didn't know what I was talking about.  Instead of 5 minutes, we had to wait about 25 minutes (the restaurant was busy for dinner, fine).
Our server was Victor.  He didn't ask us for any drinks to start and immediately took our food order.  Our table didn't have enough napkins and not enough chopsticks, and we had to flag another server to get them.  When we asked if we could order drinks, the other server had to get Victor.  Victor NEVER checked on us, NEVER checked if we needed our grill changed, always had to flag him down for each refill and to make any additional food orders.  I understand it was the dinner crowd, but at one point I saw him just sit in the booth next to us when the middle section of the dining area was cleared.  So there were now less people, but yet we had to wait for another refill, while I see him sitting at the booth chatting and laughing with other servers.
So lesson learned, don't come for dinner, ask for any other server but Victor.
In my previous post, I went with my cousin when it just opened for lunch on a Saturday.  Our server was Amanda, who was excellent!  I saw Amanda again on Tuesday night and wish I would've requested her as our server.  She always checks on you, automatically gives you refills, automatically comes with a new grill, etc. etc. She is deserving of a huge tip and more.  
If I ever visit K-Pot again, I'll ask to sit in Amanda's section regardless of the wait.
p.s. Just do the BBQ and skip the Hot Pot.  They ran out of their house special broth and the Herbal broth I got was very salty and unappetizing.Service was great. But if you know the real Korean BBQ, their grill is nothing compared to the real one. Took forever to heat up. But never really reached the sizzling point so all the food cook slow and liquid from the food just sit there. Good for the experience but not for the people who knows the best.
Also the music was bit too loud.Good atmosphere.  Just could not get into it.  Great drinks and sides.  The grilled meat just was too much for me to handle.This place is my favorite Korean Hot Pot and BBQ place. We had both for only $19.99 per person. They have a wide variety of choices even at lunch. I love their sauce bar, there are so much to mix from and their sago is delicious! 
Excellent service at the table and many parking available.MY FAVORITE PLACE!!!! This place makes me happy.  I have been here  couple times now and I can't get enough! This place has the most amazing service!!! Stuff is extremely polite! Owner came up to us couple times to check on us!!! FOOD IS AMAZING !!! Very clean (very important) We usually get all you can eat and it literally means all you can eat.  I can't say enough how much I love this place!!! I highly recommend!!!we loved it!! My family (8 ppl) ate a lot , friendly staff members , super clean , really good food , did I mention the staff ? THEY ARE AMAZING , so worth it our 1hr tripNew spot taking over the old Uno that's been vacant for years. For less than $30 a person, you get all you care to eat hot pot and bbq. The set up is all electric with 4 individual induction hit plates and a center grille in a large booth. Very comfy for our family of four. The induction plates are a safer alternative since it's magnetic and worn burn your hands but beware the pot is still hot. Wife enjoyed having her own personal hot pot. The center grill is also electric which cooks adequately but not quite the full charcoal flavor. On the upside the vents are built in and we didn't walk out smelling too bad. The place is very loud with hard surfaces reflecting sound and on top of that there's a loud k pop soundtrack. Fine for a small booth but wouldn't call it a place for dinner and conversation. I did see larger tables that can fit about 10 as well. Selection of meats, seafood, and vegetables was adequate and overall tasty. Stick with the unseasoned cuts, the bulgogi was overly sweet and underwhelming. But the pork belly and prime rib were delicious. Hit the sauce bar to your liking to enhance after instead of the marinated stuff. There's a small assortment of fruits and dessert soups to top off but frankly I had no room for it. They also serve alcohol which goes well with the cuisine. Service was attentive but there were some other diners that dragged the experience down, nothing like parents letting their kids basically yell at the wait staff....It was good but they need change some stuff like we have a group of people they like soup and don't eat soup we all just wanna sit with each other not separated see what I'm sayingI definitely will be coming back here! I came here with my family on a Friday night and it was packed. I waited around 30 minutes and got served by waitress Hannah. She was AMAZING! She was attentive, speedy, and loved her personality. She made this experience top notch! 
The food was delicious and fresh. You can pick from variety of vegetables, seafood, and meats. The food came very fast right after I ordered. They also have a sauce bar which is a plus. 
Lastly, I can't forget about the decor. First thing I noticed when I walked in the door. They must spent a lot of time on it. The designs were so different and chic. I loved every aspect of it.This is my first time come with a friend for last Saturday dinner. I like the almost the restaurant with a blue vibe design architectural. The foods have two choice one is for hot pot and other is korean BBQ.... 
I think the side dishes is was okay of my taste. But my friend like the foods and everything. The customer service it was great.I came in today around 1:00 in the afternoon. went to the hostess and told her i'll be eating alone. for some reason, she paused for a moment and looked at a list of some kind, idk if she was browsing a reservations list or something. Place was half empty. Maybe she was thinking of sending me to the kitchen to help out. LOL.
Anyways, she walked me to my table and asks me what i'll be having, The Soup? Barbecue? there was something else she mentioned that i forgot. I dont understand why a hostess asking me this question. Isn't that the server's or waitress job to do?
Place looks great. My server is nice person. Food is Okay, I guess. just a little too sweet. btw, when i tried to order a different kind of meat than the one i had, i was told it will be cooked differently. I was thinking, she was  just giving me a reason not to order that. so i told her, nevermind.
Will i come back to this place? Nevermind.The food at this restaurant is excellent. However, since everything has to be cooked at either a grill or hot pot, they really need tables with larger grills or have multiple grills at large tables. Currently, their grill is very small and can only cook one entree-sized amount of meat at a time. We had a party of 6 and it took us sooo long to have a decent amount of food. If they fix this problem, there would be no problems giving them a solid 5-star rating.
Also, they have a policy whereby everyone at the table has to get the hot pot add-on once one person gets it. I have never seen this at any other Korean BBQ restaurant.This is a nice AYCE BBQ and hot pot place. We came here on Saturday and it's almost packed. Ryan was our waiter. He's nice and helpful. Basically  most of meat are marinated. For me, all marinated meat tasted more sweet. Besides, the seafood was fresh. The price is fair.
Overall, it's a nice experience.Alright this is going to be a long one so get ready to read. The second we walked in on Saturday night there were a plethora of people at this restaurant. We put our name on the list and were going to wait but because of the amazing location we had the opportunity to go to Dave and busters and play some pool while we waited. so as soon as they were ready for us we received two calls one automated telling us they they are ready for us, and the other the hostess letting us know our table is ready. they are very okay with you being there 2-5 minutes late as long as you let them know which is amazing. now the service, so as our server we had a Girl named Mary who was the absolute best. from the second we sat down, she greeted us and informed us on how the menu worked (we got Korean BBQ). she gave us her personal suggestions and opinions on what she thought we'd like depending on what we told her we liked. Some background about my experience in KBBQ, I've been to every KBBQ in the Delaware valley. with that said, this is not only the best bet for your buck, but this place has the best food, quality, service, atmosphere, location, and people. on rare occasion do I ever write a review for restaurants when I have a good a experiences, but this wasn't a good experience this was a GREAT experience. literally as Mary was taking our order the meats and veggies that we order hit the table! let me not forget the amazing Sake. $12 A bottle is an absolute deal. also having a this high of quality at $26.-- is literally the best deal ever. on top of the unlimited amount of food you also get an amazing sauce bar, and a nice included desert bar at the end too. Thank you Mary for being the best waitress of all time!! My friends and I look forward to coming back very so soon.Excellent experience with an excellent waitress named Anna. The food is brought out to you fresh every time and the servers are constantly helping you with whatever you need even when it's very busy.
If you've never been to a Korean barbecue place you really should try this one out. The servers will answer your questions if you're unsure on how to go about things and it's all you can eat for a 2 hour time limit. They do have a charge added to your bill of $13 or so if you are of those people who wastes food needlessly and it makes good sense and good business. 
I only have one minor complaint, and that is that their music is blasting way too loud and you have to talk very loudly with anyone you're sitting with because you can hear everyone else's conversation going on over the music. The decor is outstanding and modern.Very great food fun atmosphere and friendly
And knowledgeable staff! Winly was amazing and very patient with us as it was our first time having hot pot/ Korean bbq. I will definitely come back when it PhillyThis place is excellent. For a very reasonable price, you can select from a wide variety of meat, fish, shellfish, vegetables and sauces to prepare yourself at a grill on the table. For $3.00 more, you can also have a pot of one of the assorted savory soup bases to add any ingredients you like to make a delicious soup. The whole bill (not counting drinks) is around $30.00. You can't beat the quality and quantity of food and the service for anything close to this price.This brand new restaurant is currently in its soft opening. It's all you can eat Korean Hot Pot and BBQ style. The best way I can describe hot pot is a Korean version of Pho except it you make it how you want it with over 6 different soup bases and abundance of meats, seafood, veggies and more to choose from to go into your soup. For $2 more you can also add the BBQ which is all kind of premium select meats, seafood, and vegetables or you can opt to do BBQ instead of hot pot. Did I mention it's all you can eat & it is melting pot style in the sense that you cook everything on the grill or stove top in front of you! You can have the server cook your pod or can do it yourself. The staff go above and beyond to make sure you are taken care of and enjoy the full experience! Stop on in and tell them Amanda sent you!I've tried my fair share of korean bbq and hotpot places. I will say that this place was my favorite experiences considering the atmosphere, staff and food. Once I entered with my family we were greeted with friendly faces. I immediately noticed the decor and thought it was put together. It was beautiful. As we ordered our waitress Hannah was very informative when we asked questions. She even showed us how to cook some meats on the grill and grilled a few meats for us. The manager, I believe his name is Dave approached our table a couple times and asked if we needed anything. All the staff were very attentive. As for the food, I got both hotpot and bbq. The meats were high quality and and broth was flavorful. I highly recommend short ribs for bbq and tom yum soup for hotpot broth. I will definitely be back again.Had the BBQ + Hotpot combo. The hotpot was better than the BBQ based on what I had. Tomyum base was great. The house special base was so so. Ribeye was on the thinner side and did not quite look like the pictures. The ddukbokki had a weird after taste to me.
I didn't taste much rum if any in the mojito i had. I would suggest sticking to beer or soju or wine here. 
The service was fantastic. Jimmy was attentive and took good care of us. 
I would visit this place again, but would definitely be more selective about what I order.
Pro tip: Grill the pineapple from the dessert bar on the BBQ grill. 
Next Level Pro tip: Bring cinnamon for the grilled pineapple.Amazing service and all-you-can-eat hotpot and kbbq!!! 
I did not catch my wonderful waitress's name but she was the most attentive and nicest woman ever, would definitely come back here just to see her again! Consistent refills and grill changes!
The selection for korean hotpot/bbq meats/seafood are freaking great! First place, I have ever seen offer an actual nice sized sirloin and comes with little to no fat!! The kobe beef slices just melt in your mouth. You need two servings of it just for yourself, trust me. Loved the fresh vegetables and the meat variety along with crabs, squid, swai fish and etc. Get yourself some garlic shrimp! Cooks fast and tastes delicious even when you think it looks unseasoned. If you want your grill to be somewhat nice and free from sauce residue, stay away from the seasoned bulgogi, teriyaki salmon and calamari. They fall apart too easily and there's no way to tell if they're cooked or not because they are deeply smothered in sauce! The butter is definitely what threw me off because usually there's a stick of butter other than little containers and it's more work to get it out the plastic. 
Will most likely come back every week if I can, LOVE this place already!The family and I love Hot Pot and decided on this place to try. The parking was ample and the dcor was very nice. The tables/booths have good room to stretch out for a family of four. We only wanted hot pot but for a few dollars more the k bbq was included so we got both. We loved the presentation of the meats and the appetizers, there was kim chi cabbage, raddish, and cukes. The servers were very good in helping you cook and my Thai soup broth was stellar. There was good variety for the hot pot and bbq. My only complaint was the corn was still on the cob for the hot pot. Good drink menu as well.We came here for my sister's boyfriend birthday and we all opted for the korean bbq and hot pot combo. For being such a busy night, our waistress (Videl) was so accomodating and was very attentive to us. She came by about every 10 minutes or so. I was amazed at how fast our food came out. As soon as she put in the order on her hand held tablet, it came even before she left our table!  She was so sweet and cute! Aside from the superb customer service we recieved, the food was excellent! I especially liked the hot pot. I got the sezchaun soup( very spicy). You can order as many things as much as you'd like for the hotpot. I also liked the korean bbq. Again, there were so many selection you can choose from to go on the grill. I can't wait to go back! Thank you.Love it! I have to admit that this is my first time eating here and they've opened for the second week so far. Everything was fresh, good, and amazing. I got the hot pot and the BBQ. The only thing that I recommend changing is the spicy salmon for the BBQ. It's not that great but eatable. Also, they have a deal for 20% off in Yelp however the front lady was pretty rude and would not accept it as she say that deal was not valid but the deal is still valid according to Yelp and dealmoon prior to going to the restaurant.Great food and super servers ! Love it :) i love that its spacious and servers are always here to ask if we need anything ! Also if you have a bday you can get pics taken with kpot bear !Went today for the first time. Very Delicious!! We only do the korean bbq and it was very tasty, for 2 ppl pretty cheap I like it, next time we going to do bbq and hot top. The only thing it was the music very loud, the waitress was very kind and helpful.  Good Place to eat!!Winly made the service! Literally so calm and smiley and so so good with service! She went above and beyond. I would totally come again because of her! We were a little frazzled because we were so exited to order and she calmly took our order with a smile~ thank you so much! Great food and great ambiance!Ehhh, came here with my wife's side of the family. They wanted some sort of AYCE, so my wife looked it up and suggested it to them. The old heads loved it, however, to me, it fell a lil short. Because of our large party, my family was split up. They had 12 at one long table and the remaining 5 sat at a smaller table. 
BBQ - all the meats were marinated WAY TOO SWEET. I felt like I was eating sugar. If I come back, it would just be for the hot pot.
Hot Pot - the broth was ok. We got the house special (mushroom that day) and the spicy broth. It didn't wow me. I wish I picked a different broth, but maybe next time. Choices for hotpot was plentiful. We filled up on a ton of meats, seafood, and veggies.
We didn't order as much stuff because we were afraid that if we didn't finish, they would have charged. I would have loved to try some odd items, and I know the other table had plenty, but my table had 2 kids which didn't eat much, so standard items it was.
Overall - I would definitely be back for another try, but this time, come with a smaller group so we are all together.LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!! Everything was really really good. Our server was so nice, walked us through the menu and was very attentive. The quality of the food was great, the spicy pork belly was soooo good and the garlic shrimp were pretty yummy tooThis is where you need to go for korean bbq and hot pot. The price is reasonable and I will definitely comeback for more. Super friendly staffs and brand new facility. Perhaps best korean bbq restaurant in philly.Second time here food is okay but I'm giving 2 stars today for one particular reason
It's July 4th me and my friend went for a bbq lunch, we speak Chinese and our server clearly understood, while we were ordering we were discussing which item is "dinner item" and not to order in front of the waitress,  long story short, in the end I got a bill for all day dinner price instead of lunch price, and we didn't get to eat ANY of the dinner menu, what a little surprise!I'm really happy the Philly location finally open up!! The food is just as good as the New Jersey location!! Price is good for what you get!!Great waiter and hostess!! Food was bomb; for $25 for unlimited kbbq and wide range of meats. Would come back again.Excellent selections and dipping bar. Service is top notch as well. Meats are plentiful and taste amazing. Can't wait to go again and enjoy myself.Introduced my friend from out of town to try this spot. We chose hot pot for lunch and thought it was a very good price. Waiters were very attentive. It was packed in there even on a Monday afternoon. Loved the miso soup base. Would come back again to try a different soup base next timeThis place is not bad at all (for now)...short ribs marinated pretty good ( my opinion) and quite a few soup base to choose...Found this place on our way into Philly.  The all-you-can-eat lunch for $17.99 enticed us because we know Korean BBQ can really add up on the bill. 
As soon as we walked in, we were impressed.  Each table is set up with 4 individual hot pot and one grill.  The grill was awesome because it sucked the smoke from the cooking right at the grill level.  So the restaurant was not filled with your typical BBQ smoke, therefore we didn't walk out smelling like a BBQ grill.
The meat selection for the AYCE was really good and the portion was great.  We enjoyed it so much we might go visit their NJ branch next week.This place is absolutely incredible. Yesterday I went with a good friend of mine and it was delicious. For $28 you get to have unlimited hotpot and bbq for two hours. It's doesn't seem like much time to eat, but the grill does work fast. We waited no more than a minute or so for anything we ordered. Our servers, as well as other members of the wait staff were prompt and attentive. Drinks were always refilled and there was always someone checking on us. The hot pot was beautifully done, we both got Szechuan. I'm quite good with spice and she is not, but the broth wasn't overly spicy at all, it was also perfectly salted. As far as decor, the restaurant is beautiful and the bathrooms were extremely clean With the quality of the food, as well as the diligence of the staff, the owner has a recipe for continued success if all remains consistent. This will be my go to place when I'm in the area. 
Updated: I've been back for my second time, still absolutely delicious, but this visit was overall not as enjoyable. I do think that not allowing different people at one table to opt out of bbq or hot pot is a flawed system. Some people don't want to pay the extra money and may not want bbq/soup. I understand that it may be done to deter sharing and losing money, but nonetheless it's not a system that I think is smart in the long run. The cooks are pretty heavy handed with sugars/syrups when flavoring their meat. The grill burns pretty badly as a result. Between two people, we needed two grill plate changes that took a while for our server to notice. The sweetness of the meat also makes you need to take a break from eating certain cuts as it becomes overwhelming. We waited a while for extra napkins, refills, etc which normally isn't an issue, but the restaurant was mostly empty as we got there at around 2. Lastly I'd say there should be more beef options during non dinner hours. When you're not there during dinner you're quite limited and it would be nice to have some variation. I'd pay an extra fee overall for beef optionsWe visited here with friends a couple Tuesdays ago. We sat at the bar for a drink to wait for our friends. We met a really friendly and helpful bartender who gave us 1stimers advice. He even said if we didn't like it, he'd buy us a drink. That was not needed at all, but so friendly! We ordered so much food when we got seated, it was ridiculous! We ate it all!  Everyone absolutely loved it. My only complaint, and it won't stop from returning, was that we didn't see our waitress enough. No drink refills unless we flagged her down, it was scarce. She did offer more food suggestions which was great. She was really busy, as well. This place is great. I can't wait to go back!Today was my third visit to K-Pot.  Day one Began with just the Hot Pot.  FANTASTIC!  I am a soup lover to begin with so it wasn't too hard to satisfy my.  The choice of ingredients from beef to chicken, lamb, pork, vegetables, shrimp, fish clams, mussels, noodles, etc.  all were fresh and delicious.  Our server was HANNAH.  She is a delight and very helpful making your selections and preparing your meal.  I ask just for her now.  I leave there filled to the gills as my Mom would say.  You have to go here.  I have only made it three times for lunch.  Can't wait for a dinner visit.  The cuts of meat are larger it seems and more varied.  For a restaurant that is unique, fun, delicious and friendly, K-Pot is for you.  You will not be disappointed!My favorite Korean bbq location. Huge restaurant great drink options very great customer service all for a low price. Will be returning over and over again.I came here on Saturday in the afternoon around 4. It was just the two of us. I had an amazing experience. The food were amazing. We had bbq only. The miso pork belly was amazing. I ate 3 orders of it just by myself. The japchae was seriously really good. I had two orders by myself. Service was excellent. Our waitress checked me up us often and very friendly. I had a really great experience and 100% recommend this to anyone.We were here early for dinner / but walked into 6 or 7 people standing at the hostess stand staring at us 
Sat down - waiter came, asked if we had been - no 
Then corrected ourselves and said once in California but needed help with menu etc 
After ordering bbq - then we had to back him up and ask for drinks! (Also listed was salmon teriyaki - when I ordered - they don't have that only spicy salmon) 
We get meat immediately, things going well.  Then I ask for sauce - "do you have teriyaki or soy or any sauces" - he looked at us like we weren't making sense then said "oh I forgot to mention the sauce bar" - "but you said you did this before" a bit condescending! Here's the kicker, got the bill and we had a margarita - margarita was $7 and then the line under it said $1 charge and I asked why the extra dollar - he said it was for "on the rocks" I said you are charging me a dollar for ice? He said yes!
I understand it's only a dollar- but what? For on the rocks there is an up charge? Still would love to know what a classic margarita is? Since you wouldn't get ice with it? 
Would love to hear an explanationHoly moly! I've been to countless ayce hot pot and kbbq from coast to coast and I can honestly say that this spot is my new go to place now that I reside in Philly! The flavors of the hotpot was amazing and the staff was attentive. The quality of the meat for both hotpot and kbbq was surprising for an AYCE place. I'm glad to finally find a go to place here. :)We love this place, meat is very fresh, pay $3 more, you can do BBQ as well.  It is just too good to eat.  It is pretty similar to Nine Tin, but service and space is so much much better.  Recommend to go...K-POT Korean BBQ & Hot Pot
Oh man, this place is good! Who doesn't like AYCE kbbq & hot pot???!!!!! 
So my husband and I have been here twice, both times our party was of 5-6 adults, and both times we did JUST K-BBQ and no hot pot.  Even with a "wait" we were seated faster than told. Service here is good, sometimes if they are too busy its hard to grab your server; the last time we came we asked for another bonchan side of fish cakes and one waiter said they didn't have any more but then our regular waitress brought out some for another table and we asked if there was any more left and she said yes. So far that's our only bad experience w service here. The price is also a deal! 
Food is on point and delicious, we loved the garlic shrimp and spicy pork and all the pork belly were great. I definitely recommend holding off on rice and trying all the meats. And a pro tip: order multiple dishes of the same thing to save time cooking on the grill. Our table only had 1 grill and even on "max" temperature it took a long time to cook.  The first time we came here we ordered 1 of every dish - big mistake. Lesson learned: 2nd time we came I started off with 4 orders of beef 6 orders of the thin beef so that way it cooked fast and all at once, didn't have to worry about pork contaminating the beef. Oh and pro tip: cook the meats that are sweeter towards the end to avoid grill changing, when they change the grill you have to wait for it to heat up all over again. Our 1st time here our grill wash changed like 5 times, 2nd time - we kept it going whole time with same 1 grill. 
Oh and like many other places they a DIY sauce bar, and there are signs recommending what to mix with what. Honestly, the meats are seasoned very well you might not even need sauce. My personal go to sauce is something sweet/hot/nutty/garlic so I mix equal parts: sweet soy, scallion, hot chili flakes (not hot oil & not sambal), sesame sauce, garlic & cilantro. (if it is too rich for you add a splash of vinegar). "Desserts" are right next to the sauce station & consist of fruit (oranges, honeydew, cantaloupe, dragon fruit), jello (lychee flavor) & Asian dessert soups that have fruit tapioca pearls & jujube fruit. Def give it a try, I find it very refreshing after a rich and heavy meal.    
Overall we really like this place and will travel from DE to eat here again....& again. 
Here's what I'd give each subject:
Food:  5/5 
Atmosphere: 4/5 a bit loud with the crowd and blasting K-pop playing on speakers  
Price: 5/5 I believe it's under $27 for AYCE dinner, and only a few dollars more if you want hotpot plus KBBQ (plus tax)
Service: 3/5 already addressed in our 1st paragraphHonestly probably the best K-POT n Korean bbq place I had in Philly. Service was extremely wonderful! I'd recommend this place to many friends n family.Excellent food, service and location. I've been in few Korean barbecue places this one is the best so far. Highly recommendedThis place was good, it's my first hot pot so I'm not sure if it's the best. I did like how we each got our own hot pot bc im vegetarian and the people I was with aren't. The only thing I didn't like were the crabs, they were so small that there wasn't a point.Best new AYCE Korean BBQ & hot pot place to hit Philly! Lunch specials Mon-Fri 11am-4pm is $16.99, which is honestly the best priced AYCE I've seen in Philly so far. 
Our visit started off with a selection of banchan such as kimchi, pickled radish, potato salad, fish cake, etc. The kimchi definitely tastes homemade and packs a sour spicy punch that contrasts wonderfully with any sort of fatty meat you're grilling. The Korean BBQ dishes are served in small portions so you don't feel restricted in the amount of food you can try off of the menu. This was honestly the best surprise for me, especially considering how stressed I feel for AYCE restaurants because I hate food wastage. You can easily try a good majority of the items off the menu without feel the pressure of eating past what your body can handle. 
The meat and veggies were fresh and delicious. There's a wide selection of different marinated pork belly slices and seafood. The sauce bar has a large selection of sauces to try. I highly recommended the beef brisket sauce!
The service was amazing as everyone we interacted with was very helpful, accommodating, and nice. Our waitress was very attentive and made sure that our orders were filled correctly. She and other employees at the restaurant made sure our grill was changed frequently as particularly sauce-y meat can turn the grill into a crispy burnt mess. 
I'm so glad an AYCE Korean BBQ and hot pot place opened up in the Northeast! No more stressful and traffic filled trips into the city nor is there a Mario kart race to fight for a parking spot as parking is plentiful. I only tried the Korean BBQ this time around, so I'll definitely be visiting again in the future to try the hot pot as well.So awesome...you MUST go at least once in life! I think anyone who doesn't have a rave review after visiting this place must have made it bad for themselves somehow. My family took my (hardcore ARMY/BTS fan) daughter to K-Pot for her birthday as she asked and it was the first time for any of us going to a hot pot restaurant. The spread was lovely, plentiful and delicious...I did take pictures but there are already so many quality pictures I don't think my amateur shots post-starting our meal could really do it justice. All of the staff were friendly, helpful and attentive, guiding us all-American non-Korean non-Asian-experienced newbies through the Hot Pot and Korean BBQ process patiently and happily every step of the way. They come check on you often and change your grill right on time, even helping you navigate the BBQ before you can even shyly ask. There were ample options for meats, sides, vegetables, sauces and more...everything was so fresh and tasty! There was no shaming my mom when she struggled with the chopsticks and asked for a fork...EVERY inquiry we had was met with a pleasant smile and expeditious satisfaction. The atmosphere was comfy, clean and aesthetic. We didn't have space issues even though the four of us tried our best to sample everything they had to offer (we did well but we couldn't get to everything...there was just too much! lol). Of course we tried to be "adventurous" with a couple things and they didn't agree with our palates (the squid and lobster balls specifically) but everything was great quality and well-made and we found new favorites by exploring too (the bulgogi was a table HIT)!  The Japanese Miso became the table sensation but there was a good selection of broths so we didn't get a chance to try them all. 
The price was great for all that was offered and we legitimately got ALL we could eat without being rushed and with refills on anything we requested showing up super quick. I'm not sure if we enjoyed the food or experience more but both were excellent. Thanks K-Pot for giving my daughter a great dinner for her birthday! :)
(I copied my review from Google to make sure I spread the word on Yelp too!)Food and decor was very nice and modern. I opted for both hot bbq and both were delicious, definitely better than Nine Ting in Chinatown.
Jimmy was my server and he was great at cooking our food and very attentive with refilling our drinks. I would definitely come back again.Best QUALITY KBBQ in philly HANDS DOWN! Love y'all. Thank you for the tasty kimchi & service.My favorite restaurant!!! Love this place staff is super nice very positive and welcoming environment. I love the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the restaurant. If you are looking for a fun, new and exciting dinning experience K-Pot is the place to go!Came here for the first time ever last month, and it was SOOO good . Till this day I still crave it . Highly recommend 10/10 . A little pricey though, but definitely worth it!Worth every penny! Came here on a Saturday night around 6pm. Waited about 15 mins and got seated. Everything was great- service was courteous & fast; food was on point; my white peach sangria was not too sweet or watered down! The only thing to be mindful of is this IS an all you can eat, so don't be surprised that the portions are quite small compared to Little Sheep or Chubby Cattle-- it's meant to be reordered. They also have Chinese dessert like tapioca and lychee jelly! Overall very happy this place is in the suburbs with plenty of parking, just hope they keep the quality up!Best atmosphere from a Korean BBQ place! Very clean with typically great service. Sometimes the waiters/waitresses will help you cook your meat to the correct level, which I appreciate while I eat because often times it can become burnt. Consider that meat portions are for one (small) unlike most AYCE places, so you may have to order more. Sides and sauces are plentiful (I recommended dukbokki, popcorn chicken, and japchae). 
Overall great food, great service, a good time! AVOID going at busy hours (dinner weekends). Everyone has the same idea, so it may take an hour or two to get a table. KNOW that the smell of korean bbq will invade your clothing, even within one minute of being inside.Reminds me of my time in South Korea visiting all you can eat BBQ in Osan. Our server was friendly and attentive. We had the Sat/Sun All Day Dinner BBQ. The decor is modern, outdoors, cute. It was hard to hear our child's small voice because of the room acoustics and music, so maybe not the best place for quiet conversations. We will be back. Thanks.We came at 4 pm on a Saturday and the place was packed. Surprisingly they have a lot of options for both kbbq and hot pot. The quality of the meats and variety is really good for what you pay. There's no limit on how much to order which is good. However because the place is so busy it can take a while before your order comes out or sometimes they even forget so you have to be a bit aggressive and check up on your order. That does disrupt a nice meal. Also some of the workers there don't seem so friendly and hospitable. If your server isn't around and you need something you should be able to ask someone else? Oh also the heat on the grill is a little low. Meats do cook slowly. 
So overall: good food, good price
Cons: wait staff and confusion because too busyI went to K-Pot as a team-building exercise. It was a fun experience, but confusing. My recommendation if you go there, pick either the hot pot or the grill, not both. Review the entire selection of protein, vegetables, and starches.Great place close to Philly with tons of seating! We went there on a Monday night around 7pm and were immediately seated. Our server (I wish I got his name!) was amazing and had a great smile every time we interacted. He explained the menu to us and talked about hotpot in case we wanted to try that next time we were there but we knew what we were there for: KBBQ. I've only been to kbbq places where usually the servers cook the food for you but they'll generally let you cook it yourself. Here, they exclusively want you to cook your food which took a little more work than what I was used to. They had a sauce bar and while I love the concept I think it's hard for some of us not as familiar with Asian condiments to try and mix a sauce together. They did have some posters explaining some sauces but I think I would have preferred the sauces to be delivered to the table. Overall we had a good time.Went to kpot for first time.  Aiden (with blue hair) waited on us and made our first experience memorable.  He helped us with our choices, recommended great items and drinks.  Can't wait to go back!Service is prompt and friendly, lots of options, there's a sauce bar, hip and clean environment. Def recommend!This place is super hip and cool! The service is phenomenal and one of the waiters name, Aiden is the best! He literally gives the best service every single time! I definitely recommend this place! They have cute waiters too if you're looking for some
Eye candy! Totally recommend this place to everyone!So I went to K-POT like 4th time and the service is really amazing! One of my fave is the hotpot!!! So flavorful and so many choices! 
The price is really reasonable and so many food choices!
They also have a desert/ fruit bar! Love love ! 
The waiting is between 30  min to an hour but it worth a wait ! 
Everyone in there is super nice and make sure everything it okay and they also make sure the grill is change .
This my new hot pot / k bbq spot !!!I have been back couple of times, I thing the hostess are not the best but food and atmosphere are great for family dinner and friends.Love the food a lot!!! I did the hot pot and also korean bbq combo. For the hot pot, the broth taste amazing! I got the tomato broth, I enjoy that broth the most! My family had the Tom yum broth and also the spicy broth, they said it's pretty spicy but just enough to enjoy it. So be careful if you can't handle spicy.  For the korean bbq, I enjoyed the marinated meat the most! All of them is great! And the server can help you cook the food if cooking is not your forte. 
Hannah the server is awesome! She's the bomb diggidy! She was very attentive to my table and gave us a great dining experience!
The manager is also awesome! His favorite song is "shape of my heart" by Backstreet Boys. Yes they have karaoke there!  And they have a bar!!! Omfggggg white grape soju!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get that white grape soju!!!!!!!!!!!!Nice all-you-can-eat bbq and hotpot with great meat and vegetable selections.  The high quality of ingredients and freshness are great.  Service is also superb!  Soup bases are just ok.  Why 3-stars?  The wait is way too long.  We waited over an hour for a table of 4.  They should definitely consider taking reservations.  They only take reservations with a 10+ group.  Ventilation is a bare minimum.  You have all these food grilling and pots cooking, but hardly anything to vent it outside.  It was so hot inside that my friends and I constantly had beads of sweat streaming down our heads and faces.  We couldn't really enjoy the great food they had with the hot room temperature.  What a shame!I came for lunch for hot pot and Korean BBQ.  It is all you can eat for $21.59.  this is a steal for all the food you get.  I agree the marinated meats are too sweet.  The sugars in them char quickly on the hit grill. Szechuan broth was fine not  hot.  Great selection and service was attentive.  I would come back for dinner.  Modern decor and they have a sauce bar.  Great hot pot addition to the area.A nice all you can eat place. The employees are nice and the food is good. I love the selection of sauces. I've had no complaints about this place over several visits. I've always enjoyed the food.Very Good and great location. I hate to drive down Chinatown for korean hot pot and BBQ. The price is right. The wait is long but worth it.Best Korean style restaurant. Amazing service, amazing host. But most of all good food.Coming back from Cali I thought for sure that I'd lost all my chance at eating delicious Korean BBQ food. But thankfully this place has allowed me to forget Cali lol.
The food variety, taste, how quickly the servers bring everything is unbeatable. I'm usually not much of a Hot Pot guy but after coming here I have changed my mind. Lobster balls, shrimp dumpling, crab sticks, and my fav swai fillet (dang it I wanna go back now). 
And lastly their service (I know I mentioned it before) is really great. The server even cooked the food for us, gave us good recommendations and was always ready to fill up our glass of water. I give this place a two thumbs up and ten stars ;). Ok fine I'll give it five, have your way Yelp.First I rarely give 5 stars but WOW! Mind has been blown and my belly will never be flat again! On first entering the restaurant you'll be amazed at how big, clean and gorgeous it is. Beautiful bar with lit up marble-ish columns everywhere. But on to the food, menu is huge with a vast selection of all kinds of meats, seafood, veggies and apps. You get a little assortment of ban chan dishes when you sit, all just ok. The appetizers including jap chae (clear glass noodles) and spicy rice cakes are free with your meal. Japchae was amazing! The meats were great quality, ranging from rib eye to Kobe beef to seasoned bulgogi and chicken. Some of the seasoned meat is a little sweet, the chicken was def good, but if too sweet for your liking, nothing a little soy sauce won't fix. Lol. 
They also had a great selection of sauces and a nice little dessert area with traditional asian desserts and jello and fruit. The BBQ was great, the hot pot soup selections had phenomenal flavor! We had Tom yum and korean seafood tofu base soups and KPot had the best tasting soups around. All other hot pot places I tried were super bland to The point I was packing my own soup mix seasonings and dip. Not here! Didn't need to 
Service was A1, waitress was patient, knowledgeable and always clearing plates or changing or grill, all very seamlessly. We had the soju, loved the yogurt soju! Per person for all you can eat and trust us we ROLLED outta there, $29.99 for the hot pot and BBQ for dinner on a Friday night. Soo worth it! 
Tip! If it's your bday week, they give you 50% off your meal if you come with 4 or more people. My bday is this week and came with just my bestie so couldn't use this offer  still worth it! lolCraving hot pot? Or korean BBQ? This place has both! For an additional $3, you get both options. The place is nicely decorated and spacious. I like how they have a parking lot which makes it easier to come to this restaurant. As for the food, I wasn't a huge fan of the hot pot as the meat was very thinly sliced and in super small bites. The broth was also okay, nothing extraordinary. On the other hand, the Korean BBQ was delicious and very well marinated. There is a sauce bar as well as a dessert bar which does not offer icecream. Overall, our experience was good as our waiter was nice and attentive. Make sure that you look at your bill closely though for big parties as I still don't understand how 7 people came out to over $300 even if we had four beers.As a Korean I was very excited to have a BBQ place closer than 5th Street or NJ. I've been to this KPot 3 times; both bbq and hot pot were tried. The first disappointment was the fact that the people working there are not Korean. I asked for galbi and the lady had no idea what I was talking about. That was a stab. The service was quick, all food we ordered was delivered and the banchan was decent (maybe 5-6 things, not bad not great.). The sauce bar was fully stocked and had all the things I was looking for: chili pepper paste, sesame oil for pork, vinegar, etc.  The meat quality is pretty poor honestly but what do you expect from an all you can eat. The hot pot stock was seasoned well and there was a range of choices from spicy to not. Fruit for dessert and jello of course at the buffet sauce bar.  Overall, I would go again but not for quality just to quench my taste or take a group of friends while not trying to spend a ton of money.  I'd honestly rather drive the 30-40 minutes from my house to better options.  Bonus: they did sell green grape and grapefruit soju so that was a definite plus.Food and service was really good and fast. Decent selection of meats and sides for hot pot or bbqFood was pretty good. But this place is pricey. But if you want to splurge on you or your family then this is the place to go.This has been my favorite hotpot place since it's been open! Where can I start? There is ample parking outside. The dining room is decently lit and the booths are spacious. Plus they usually have the dae bak playlist from spotify blazing. On food, you can decide to go with kbbq, hotpot, or both!
Kbbq is good. You get pretty much the same selection of meats as hotpot, and your table shares a grill. While the meat had some flavor I'd recommend hitting up the sauce bar, and getting some sauce + garnish. The rib eye and short rib were hits at my table. My one wish is that they use charcoal grills instead of electric ones, but that's outside of my purview.
The hotpot is amazing! Each person gets their own pot and soup of choice. I always get the Szechuan spicy soup base (which can sometimes be a soft simmer or a light burn), and before I add anything else I add some extra garlic, cilantro, and spring onions for max soup flavor. For the sauce, the standard is ponzu with garlic, cilantro, a dash of sesame oil, and scallions. Our favorite meats are usually the prime brisket and the sliced pork belly. Kobe beef and beef tongue are usually okay, as long as they're not cut so thick and aren't cooked too long. Lamb is good if you're looking for a lean meat option, but don't overcook that either! Compared to other places in the area, the seafood is usually fresh too. Although one dish I would hesitate to recommend is the popcorn chicken. At first I thought "cool" but the batch we got was eh.
If you had to choose between the two, hotpot is the way to go. The service is awesome, and I think we've only ever gotten average service once out of all the times we've been there. Will definitely be back!Really good food and drinks. They serve both alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages. Love both the hot pot and bbq option!Food was great! Atmosphere was nice and fast paced. Waiter was awesome and fun. Only downside is it's very loud on a weekend night but I can deal with that for exchange of great tasty food and good service!this may be the only korean bbq place near the suburbs area (even though it says philadelphia) it's located near the old franklin mills (now philadlephia mills) mall
i came on a monday night and it was BUSYYYY so definitely make reservations if you have more than 6 people and if not, then prep yourself for a long but worthwhile wait
we decided to do hotpot and BBQ which was a bad choice, only because you have a 2 hour limit at your table and it's very overwhelming to do BBQ and hotpot at the same time so save the money and pick one.
the BBQ choices were actually decent, we got pork belly, 3 of the beef choices and the spicy squid. i would definitely do BBQ again. don't waste your time on the apps, they're kind of disgusting and not worth the calories
the hot pot, i went with the tom yum broth which was OK, i wish i did either the spicy tofu broth or the schezuan. our waitress did a fabulous job of trying to remember everything we told her we wanted but she missed a couple of the options we said, only bc there were so many.
all in all, i had a great meal and would recommend it to others especially bc we don't have many like this in the areaFINALLY!!!!!!!!!!! A worthy Korean BBQ place in this area! And when I say worthy, I don't mean "it'll do the job, because there's nowhere else to go" but I mean this place can actually hold it's own and compete with Korean BBQ in other areas too. In fact, this is a franchise with locations in SoCal and Rockville, MD among other places with large Asian populations, so we know KPOT is doing something right. The quality of meat is A+, although I will say the selection could be improved, and I don't love how thin the pork belly is sliced, but that's about all I can be knit-picky about. Service is generally good and the food is out to your table within seconds of ordering. They actually have banchan!!!! Unlike the other Chinese-owned "Korean BBQ" joints that give you an edamame and seaweed salad and call it a day. Search no further, because this is the KBBQ spot...for now.There's not too many AYCE Korean BBQ options in the Philadelphia area so this place definitely stands out as a viable option. We came here for our friend's birthday since they offer a free meal for the birthday guest which is awesome! Apparently, it was also 10 other guests birthday too since the staff members all gather each time to sing happy birthday at the respective tables. The quality of the items while not top notch is sufficient for satisfying a craving. We had come with a party of 7 people which is more difficult since they only have one heating plate per table so cooking food is not as efficient. The staff are not great at replacing the plates either and it's a bit difficult at times to get their attention since the place can get quite busy. I've definitely want to revisit here again but probably with less people to maximize the cooking experience.Good price with lots of variety. We always choose hotpot and I enjoy their different type of soup base as well. Fresh ingredients and staff is always checking back to see if we need to order more of anything. Great experience and a great get together with friends and family.All you can eat Korean BBQ with a sauce bar where you can create your own tasty combinations to add to the grilled meats. The service was quick and attentive. Thank you Dion for showing our group a great time and your suggestions. 
The meats and seafood were all fresh and ready to hit the electric grill. You can couple the various meats with sauces and as the grill chars up the waiter will remove the charred grill and replace it with a fresh one. 
I loved the ribeye, bulgogi, shrimp, spicy chicken, salmon and tuna. The long hots, zucchini and mushrooms also tasted delicious when they were grilled with some sauces. 
The Sapporo and Kirin beer were cold and $2 off. 
Highly recommend this place for a different type of dining experience.Having lived in Los Angeles  and frequented Korean restaurants barbecue in particular I've had my share of Korean food and while this restaurant wasn't terrible it certainly didn't live up to what I've experienced. The barbecue meat quality was good I guess but it was so heavy sauced that it would hide any flavor of any meat that you would get. The grill itself  is not a true charcoal grill at the table it's more like a saut pan with vents so the grease tends to buildup and you don't get the charr bits of the meat which is kind of disappointing however the Japchae. was very good as well and all the  bonchan.  For this area it's great and will do very well but personally I'd  rather spend more money and go for the real deal in NYCGood food and price is reasonable. We ordered the hotpot and korean BBQ combo. We came there twice. The first time the waiter service is very fast and efficient. The second time service is just okay. The environment is clean and modern. The only complaint is the music - too loud for us.One of the best good experiences I I ever had fast service great food excellent atmosphereMe and my friend went here for the first time today and had a wonderful experience! Our waiter, Jason, was a lot of help! We had no idea how Korean BBQ works, so he stepped in and helped (he even offered to cook our food)! Overall great food and great staff! 10/10Awesome people and fun place to be... all you can eat, what more could you ask for. Food was delicious and the best part was meeting K-pot Teddy bear. Staff super friendly... I would highly recommend this place!!I would come here just for the service. Our waiter for the night was attentive and super friendly. The broth for the hot pot was alright. I got the spicy broth which was pretty bland and not spicy at all and my friend got the tom yum broth which was on the sweeter side. The ingredients we put in there were phenomenal though. Everything tasted fresh. Korean bbq in my opinion was way better than the hot pot. I highly recommend getting the bulgogi when coming here.The best hot pot  in Philly! Fast service and friendly staff!!! I think the only issue for me is the BBQ pan it's small but it ain't too bad. Other than its a  lovely spot!Was the best experience I ever had with a buffet all you can eat everything worth the cost and worth the wait a family outing once a month for me if not two a little small but not cluttered food was fresh can't complain bout the chef when u are the chef at this placeSorry for being real, but it's about to come out like I may hold my food to a higher standard. But in looking at the pictures, my girl and I thought that it was  worthy enough to give it a try. Mind you, coming from California where we have a town literally called "K-Town" and everything is in Korean, and nothing but delicious food, I know what's the difference between things you buy in a jar pre-made or fresh.
When we came in and got seated, the guy (who turned out to be a manager or maybe  even partner/owner) asKed us what we would like to do rink.  I asked for Korean Barley Tea (in Korean) and he answered "huh? Excuse me, I don't know what that is" strike 1. 
When the server came and but the bonchon (Korean appetizer snacks), I asked if they have the long Kimchi and he said, "no, all we have I is this" (pointing to one plate with kimchi) I said, "no problem, okay, we'll have..." and proceeded to order. As soon as I tasted the kimchi, I looked up ann my girlfriend has the same face, it was bought from the market and DEFINITELY NOT FRESH. So we tasted all the other dishes and all stood the same as the first. Strike 2.
While we were cooking, we  stopped so we could get a grill change. The server grabbed the grill and walked to go to the replacement. So you're going to walk away with a hot flame? Exposed? Then walks Baal with h his replacement and just drops it in and walks away.  Okay, so instead of coming prepared with the replacement and never leaving an open flame at a table, you chose to do it your way. And don't tell me you're busy, all the servers were sitting around the bar looking at their phones while they waited their tables. And the server changed the grill the same way each time. Strike 3
Don't waste your time. I mean, I told my client that I went there, and they said it's one of the  better places. So if that holds true, then sorry for you. I'm never going back to this place.Great service. Plenty of variety and tons of sauces at the sauce station. 10/10 would recommendOverall experience at K-POT is mediocre. I really do enjoy the food here but not being able to accommodate large parties is quite disappointing.  I've been to K-POT twice now and had to squeeze into a booth and share my hotpot with my bf because they didn't have enough hotpot burners for everyone in our party. Waiting for a bigger table would have taken two hours -_- all the hosts could say is we don't have anything else or you can spilt up your group...the whole point of going to hotpot/Korean BBQ is to enjoy it with your group. 
Also having one grill at the table is quite annoying because people who are sitting at front of the table are forced to cook for everyone.... if they are going to have the grill at the front the servers should be grilling for us. 
When ordering food you HAVE HAVE HAVE to order 6+ portions because the portions are SO SMALL. Literally, 1 "order" of galbi equals 1 piece of galbi.
It gets quite overwhelming for the servers and guests when you constantly have to keep putting in orders every 2 minutes. The servers are so nice but having to get their attention every few minutes is a bit too much. 
Overall, the food is great I highly recommend the place to my friends and family but I would not come with a group of 6 or more. Also I would always recommend calling in first because they do not take reservations and there online reservation booking doesn't work either.Best place!!!!! Will be coming back ASAP! Food service everything in one! Nothing needs improvement just another happy place here on earthI was very excited about this place when I heard it was opening in Philadelphia Mills. I've tried many Korean BBQ & Hot Pot places in Philly and California so it was nice to have one so close to home. 
We went for lunch on a weekday since we heard they can be very busy at peak times. We got seated very quickly. The decor is very hip but the the music is very loud so it was hard to hear our waitress and each other. 
If you're looking for a relaxing atmosphere for a meal, this is not it. 
Since this was our first time here, the waitress was very nice and patient in explaining how everything worked. One thing that surprised us was that all parties at the table have to order the BBQ or Hot Pot option or the comb for $3 more/person. Fine, since this was the first time, we decided to try the combo. 
The hot pot and BBQ selections are pretty big. There are vegetables, meats, fish balls, seafood. The food is served very quickly and everything seemed very fresh. There is a large selection of sauces and condiments you can help yourself too. There's a "dessert bar" too but it's only a few choices of fruits and some jello. 
Overall, I'm glad to see a new unique dining option here in the area. The staff seem nice and the food is good.My friends and I went for the BBQ. We opted to just get the BBQ and try the hot pots next time we come as it was our first time here. The food was very good. The staff was very attentive and prompt. I would have liked more assistance at the sauce station as that was the first time I had seen one. Also, I LOVE KPop, with that being said it was playing way too loud. My friends and I had to practically scream to hear each other and we left with our hearing slightly hurt.  They have a few selections of soju and I got the grape which was very good. We also split a pitcher of the peach sangria which was very flavorful and we couldn't get enough of it. If we weren't so full on the food we might have ordered another pitcher.First time Korean BBQ experience. Great experience ,staff is great and food was delicious. Would recommend 10/10 to friends and family.I came here with a group of 4 during dinner on a Saturday and we were seated promptly after barely a 10 min wait. There's a 2-hour dining limit so there's a constant flow of people in and out. For $3 more, you can do all you can eat hotpot AND Korean BBQ. The food came out super quick and everything was fresh. The ventilation is actually pretty good so it's not too smokey inside. The grill heats up a bit unevenly so you will have to play around a little bit before cooking the food perfectly. Overall, it's a great deal for the price and quality. There's amble parking as well. Highly recommend!!Went last night with my sisters and cousins and had a great time. We waited an hour but spent most of the time just getting drinks at the bar.  Our sever Winly was sweet and attentive. Our bartender Lee was cool too! Definitely will recommend this place and also come back!What a unique dining experience. Reminds me of my trips to Soul Korea.The food is delicious.Came back for a second time and this time the food was just as good as the first. Our server this time wasn't as attentive as Brandon, our server from the first time. We had to look for her a couple times when we needed something. Brandon, surprisingly remembered us and stopped by to say hi. He checked up on us more than our server did. He told us he recently just started working here so for someone that's new, he's doing a great job. This time we actually remembered to try their sauce bar. They have a large selection of sauces and spices. We live over an hour away but the drive it worth it.Good experience we did the grill option for lunch was very generous with choices. The restaurant was very nice staff was excellent and very helpful. Cooking own meal was a little more work then I would like but interesting experience I would give one suggestion probably better with more people.Very tastey and so cool how you get to cook the food yourself!! I brought my girlfriend and two godsons here and they had an amazing time. Food came out very quickly and our server was attentive.I was looking for a good hot pot restaurant for these cold winter nights after a long day at work and I found it. I recommend it 100%! We ordered hot pot and bbq. Both exceeded my expectations but hot pot won my heart. We ate so much and we payed $ for what we ate.Pre-covid, this place was amazing! Loved the vibe, aesthetic, and staff! They always play Koop there which is nice and fun. Service there is amazing! They also bring out classic Korean sides like pickled radish, Korean mashed potatoes, etc. My only issue is that they changed their formula for their herbal hot pot broth. It tastes completely different than the original and has a lot more MSG. The new recipe makes me sooo nauseous. However, their other soups are delicious, so I keep going!I really like the way it looks on the inside. Went on a busier night but everything went well for the majority. Our server was very attentive.Quick and fast service with very nice waiters and waitresses. Its ver covid friendly and a good place to eat after you get your covid shots!My first time there and it was amazing. As soon as we walked in we were taking to our sits right away. Only down part was we had to wait 30mins for our server to came and take our order and to explain what we have to do but he spoke in a really low voice and the music was a loud. But over all it was fun and really good.First time at K-Pot.  It was clean, the people were friendly and the food was good, not great. This is an all you can eat, about $30 for dinner, plus drinks and you CAN NOT take any food with you.  Go with a huge appetite or you will just be wasting your money.I was so excited to try K-Pot, it wasn't hard to convince my friend to give it a shot with me. We arrived around 8 on a Saturday and there was a bit of a wait so we grabbed a drink at the bar. Drink prices are reasonable and the food is all you can eat, with K-Pot and Koren BBQ available separate or as a package. 
Their website does not have some information easily accessible as far as pricing so I'll explain here a bit. K-Pot (soup) is one option and Korean BBQ is another or you can do both, however, the whole table has to agree. It was around $30 for both during dinner and when I went back for lunch it was around $20 (can't remember exact numbers). For lunch, the menu is limited only to certain items. If you have a gluten allergy like me, you will not be able to eat any marinated meats, but I was fine with the options I had. 
In the back there is a sauce bar with chili oil, special sauces, garlic, cilantro, scallions and more. The layout of the building is a little odd so you have to walk all the way around and if you grabbed a few different things the bowls make it a little awkward to carry through the restaurant. I would suggest they provide a sauce tray/bowl that can fit more than one condiment for easier transportation purposes. 
One other suggestion I have, because this can get very messy, is to offer linen napkins for guests to place on their lap, on both visits I got something on my pants and had to ask for napkins as I was not provided initially. If you're going out after, be very careful with your pants!!Great food. Overpriced and a long wait! Wouldn't come back! Great for a first time experience!My family and I eat at KPot often.  The waiters and waitresses there always makes  our experience enjoyable!!!  John has been our waiter on several occasions. He's very attentive and never lets our food or drinks go empty.  On our last visit to KPot we had the pleasure to get Winly as our waitress.  Again, our trip to KPot was nothing less than delightful.  Winly was pleasant and charming and made our dinner experience a memorable one. Thank you John and Winly!!!! We love KPot!!!!!
Forever a fan,
FONGNice spot in the NE Philly area. We were surprised that the waiters/servers cooked our Korean BBQ for us at our table. The table also accommodated for personal hot pots, but it got pretty crowded by the spread of food that we ordered and the banchan offered.Had both bbq and hot pot and both were delicious.  Love the idea of the sauce bar as you can use this to spice up the bbq or dip items from the hot pot if you like.  Hot pot has many selections of meats and veggies and the spicy broth is really good.  Glad a good kbbq place finally opened up nearby.I GAINED 87 LBS after I left KPOT. If you're on KETO this is the place to go. All you can eat meat for 26.99.... everything was amazing! Highly recommend !!!!I went here for my birthday and it was really good. The price was so good (hot pot and unlimited k-bbq). It was very clean and the wait staff was very attentive. Even though they have a 2 hour limit of eating, i would definitely come back!Great food, very fresh, really enjoyed. Servers are well trained and was quick as wellLoved it! Great family fun!
It was a long wait but everyone was really nice. It was the second day they were open ever so there was a buzz of excitement in the air from the staff to the clientele. The food was fantastic. My daughter who is originally from Chongqing, China the home of the hot pot was thrilled that she finally got to try that spicy soup. My son loved all the side dishes, my husband liked the seafood esp the clams and I liked the bbq. It is expensive but it was for my Mother's Day and My daughter's adoption anniversary. Go try lots of dishes and have an adventure! I totally recommend it.This is a gem of restaurant. The hot pots are an experience, entirely under your control. The staff was incredibly friendly and helped with the menu and food selection.I have been here multiple times for what a great value! I am obsessed with how affordable it is for all you can eat! You can add hot pot which is individualized which is so neat for another $3. I did both, which I am more of the grilled the meat kinda gal. Everyone is super kind and the waitress even cut our meats! The meats come out super fast! There is a sauce bar too. Super clean and new bbq place. I would highly recommend the miso pork belly and. LA galbi! The sides aren't all that- jap chae I enjoyed but the rice cakes I would pass on. 
Also for your birthday they come out with a bear mascot ! Super adorable! Great for big groups for birthdays and celebrations as well.Didn't expect it but, K-POT Korean BBQ & Hot Pot was really outstanding. Cool vibe. Every item that we ordered was extra fresh and yummy. The people are super kind and it really is so good to just be there. Can't wait to visit K-POT Korean BBQ & Hot Pot again!Love this place the beef bulgogi is the best. Get the soup for $3.00 more which cooks quick so u can eat soup while u cook the beef bulgogi and other delicious meats and seafood.The food here is always amazing. Get the Sichuan hot pot if you want a nice spice and the bbq here is great!Our server Brandon was amazing! Gave us great food and drink recommendations and the food was delicious! Just made me fall in love with hot pot!!!I loved this place! The atmosphere, the music, drinks  and the food.... Amazing! You get a booth with a menu to order all you can eat, then they will bring you the food to cook yourself. So I say if you're a k-pop fan or just love Korean or want to try something different, this is the place! Btw try to get there early, it is super crowded on Saturdays.This is great! Customer service was awesome and food was also very good. My favorite part was probably the hot pot because you can add your own ingredients to make your own unique soup/stew other than that the barbecue was also very great because in the middle of the table there is a barbecue circle. Also the heat and power of the hot pot and barbecue can be adjusted so if the default temperature is too hot for you then you can change it to your own personal temperature .fAbsolutely love this place. The food is delicious, fresh and all you can eat!! You get best of both worlds, hot pot & Korean bbq. You can't beat that!My all time favorite All you can eat Hotpot and KBBQ in Philly. 
Before covid, my colleagues and I love to come here for hotpot. During covid, they did a great job for outdoor dining and indoor dining. Although the wait could be 30 mins for a weekend dinner, the service was fast and everyone worked there was so nice and friendly. 
They have amazing variety of dishes to choose from. I love that they have fresh salmons and crabs for hot pot. All the broth options are good, but my favorite are the Kpot special, Thai tomyum, and the healthy herbs broth. My other favorite dishes for hot pot are the fish roe balls, ice tofu, mini sausages, kobe beef, brisket & mushrooms. 
The BBQ is also really good. I love the marinated galbi and pork belly. Don't forget to get the Spicy tuna & salmon if you come here for dinner. It's a must! 
Oh, I love their dessert section, which offers fresh fruits and Asian sweet soups. I love how both options for sweet soups are very delicious and not too sweet.