Great new spot. Loved the dog friendly outdoor patio and the design of the inside area. I liked the avocado toast best and the rugelach is pretty good too!This new place in Rittenhouse square is always busy during the day. That is because they have great little pastries and treats! My girlfriend really likes their coffee and I enjoy their food. Would recommend but expect a short wait. There's outdoor and indoor seating.A brilliant and dynamic cafe that's so unique and refreshing to the area. I didn't know I was eating plebeian rugelach my whole life until I tried their version here. It was rich, dense, and had the perfect ratio of chocolate to pastry.  I also had the chance to try the avocado toast, potato boreka, grilled cheese (shown in the photo), and a smoked salmon bagel. All of which were phenomenal. 
Also, to my surprise, their black coffee was super fresh. It was robust, but not in a French roast kind of way. It was a medium-light roast with some bright notes thrown in there. Hopefully it's not just a first week opening kind of thing, but I hope they continue to serve the freshest of beans. 
Pro-tip: Get there early. Like from within the first hour or two from opening. The pastries are fresher, and they tend to run out of choices pretty quickly. That could change though because they might just be figuring out the quirks still.The food is amazing. Be prepared to wait in a long line and make sure to come in early to get what you want before they are running out.
The cafe is narrow but deep so the line can build up to the back. There are not many seating area. There are outdoor seating and some by the bar.
Service was great. Staff is friendly, service is pretty fast. You can see the kitchen.
Borekas: they are like puff pastry. Potato : it has curry flavor lots of filling flavor is on point . Jam and sweet cheese: delicious but not much filling compared to the potato version. Both has perfect pastry and flavor.
Rugelach: one order consists of 3 rugelachs. Generous with chocolate fillings and moist. It's awesome. Definitely get it. 
Mini babka has orange flavor in it. It's moist and delicious.
Tahini chocolate chip is awesome too, it's soft kind cookie. It's fragile so it didn't survive after I finish running my errands. 
Walnut cake is very moist and sweet, the sweetest among all that I tried. 
Avocado kubaneh toast is amazing. It has spread of Schug sauce that gives a spicy kick topped with sliced of thick fresh avocado and finished with sliced fresh and juicy tomato. It's not a regular avocado toast.
Tahini and molasses kubaneh toast is amazing too. It tastes like PB and J. You cannot find it anywhere else.
Egg and cheese on Jerusalem bagel is great. The bagel is long and soft, perfectly toasted. It has schug spread that gives spicy kick. The egg is thick. Flavor is on point.
Overall the food is amazing. Perfect flavor and very special. I took a star down because I couldn't get the Pistachio sticky buns because they were sold out by 11. I will definitely come backNot quite ready for prime time. They are consistently sold out of babka, rugelach and other pastries before 11:00am. And there is a substantial bottleneck because only one staff takes orders for the entire restaurant. Food is good so hopefully these kinks will be worked out in the coming weeks.I went to K'Far for dinner last night and my rating is bumped to 5 stars...if not more. I made a reservation for 6 pm and I was seated on time. I was waiting for my friend, and while I waited I got a drink and chatted with the server about her food recommendations. She was attentive, and very helpful in assisting me to decide what we should order. When my friend arrived, we ordered almost right away (she was very trusting of our server's recommendations).
We got the whipped feta, cauliflower, and basturma and melon. Everything was next level great. We shared the T'bit for two for our entree. I was so excited by this dish. The flavors and textures were perfectly right.
We were debating which dessert to get, and as a very thoughtful and not necessary gesture, our server sent us over a complementary one. None of the desserts disappointed - I recommend the malabi and rugelach french toast so you can dip one into the other!
Will definitely be returning to K'Far!!!Walked in at about 9:30am. There was a small line forming but it went by quickly. The woman behind the counter was nice and asked if I had any questions about the menu. I ordered a pistachio sticky bun and beet toast and sat down at a table. Water and utensils are located in the middle of the restaurant and are self-serve. The reviews for the pistachio sticky bun overhyped it for me but it was still good. The bun hard on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  The waitress brought over my beet toast and it was totally Instagram worthy. The beet mixture had layers of flavor and is served on warm thick toast. Overall the experience was pleasant, service was friendly and the food was good.When I heard that K'Far Cafe would be opening, I couldn't wait to check it out! I got there on a Saturday, at 7:45am, 15 minutes before opening, and was the third person in line. I wanted to get there early, since I heard that some pastries have been selling out before 9am. By opening time, the line outside went to the end of the block. When the doors opened, I was super psyched and already had a list of everything that I wanted to order. We (group of 4) got 3 Chocolate Rugelach, 2 pistachio sticky buns, 3 mini chocolate babkas, 1 potato boreka, 1 Bulgarian feta boreka, 1 Jerusalem bagel (smoked salmon), 1 salt roasted beets toast and the Yemenite Latte. I also wanted to try the Quinoa Tabbouleh, but they didn't offer that until 11am. Everything of course was delicious, but my absolute favorites were the borekas!! They were amazingggg! Next time I go, I would get a pistachio bun, a bunch of the borekas, a toast that others were getting with fig that looked delicious, and would want to try the salads & grains. I loved the beautiful ambiance! There was an open kitchen, where you could the chefs whipping up the magical dishes and everything was just so pretty! The staff was super friendly and professional. All of the tables were filled by around 8:20am (but there was additional seating in another room at the back of the restaurant). There was also still a line when we left around 8:45am. Can't wait to go back!!This place is awesome! Thank you Mike! We had a great time, enjoyed the food and really appreciated the hospitality you showed us!
-The Pakistani family from todayI live for the konafeh here and die for the cocktails, wine selection and dessert drinks. This is less inundated by people than zahav, smaller venue but equally good food and ambience without the  hype. Sometimes one just wants to walk into a place, be seated at the bar without waiting for 2 hours and that is the magic of kfar! 
The breakfast/brunch/pastry offerings in the morning are perhaps even better then the dinner.Let me count the ways how much I love this place? Everything I've had here is just so darn delicious. K'Far is owned by CooknSolo, the same people who own Zahav, Dizengoff, Federal Donuts, and Goldie. The woman who was the head pastry chef of Zahav is in charge of all of the pastries. Thus, I had high hopes for this place
Inside, the cafe has a gorgeous modern vibe, with white marble countertops and "millennial pink" accents. There is plenty of seating, at the high top communal table, bar, and some normal tables in the back. However, it can get crowded during the weekends. There is also a gorgeous outdoor seating area with string lights.
I came here on a Thursday morning about 2 weeks after it opened. The line was not that long, because I have seen it wrap around the restaurant. You order your food at the front and are given a number to sit down and wait for your food to be given to you. If you order pastries, you can generally pick those up yourself. The menu has a great selection of salads, sandwiches, and pastries. Not too many and not too few. My friend and I ordered the beet labneh toast, ruggaleh and feta cheese boreka to split. I also ordered an iced coffee. The restaurant uses Ox Coffee, which is one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. When you get your coffee to stay, they include a metal straw which I think is such a nice touch.
The food came out pretty quickly. The beet labneh toast consist of beets blended into the labneh, which is a mix in the consistency of a goat cheese and a thick yogurt, but mild tasting, a hard boiled egg, and sumac on top of bread which tasted to be griddled in some sort of fat, probably butter. I loved the flavors, but, since the bread was toasted with butter, I found it heavier than what I was expecting. The pastries were SO delicious. The ruggaleh was flakey and the flavor was good.
Overall, I had a generally great experience, considering they have only opened two weeks ago. I am curious to see how they roll out their dinner/late afternoon menu and their cocktails.Lunch yesterday:  If you are eating avocado toast anywhere else, you need to stop.  The schug (and if you don't know what that is, you need to get with the program!) uplifts other boring avocado toast and makes this one a sensation.  The kashkaval grilled cheese on a Jerusalem bagel is a twist on classic from mom and sorry mom, but this is the winner.  And finally, the smoked salmon on a Jerusalem bagel crushed it b/c those pickled cucumbers (not quite cucumbers, not quite pickles) add just the right umph to the sandwich.  Today:  trying pastries - which will be nearly impossible to surpass my bubbie's - and the borekas/bourekas.Had the most awesome time at K'Far. The dining experience was phenomenal. Sean was super in helping us decide our meals and wine options. Will definitely be back!It is really awesome!!  The avocado tomato toast - they use the heirloom tomatoes at the farmers market.  Their other popular croissant-ish items are also super yummy!K'Far is a hip and quite trendy Israeli café in Rittenhouse. Cut from the same cloth as Zahav and Goldie, K'Far offers coffee and espresso, sweet and savory pastries, and other brunch goodies. They always seem to have a line, though it moves decently fast (assuming you want food for takeout - if you want a table, you might need to arrive early or make a reservation). The café has great style with fun décor and catchy music, and the staff has always been friendly and helpful.
I've only tried a few sweets, which were tasty and well-done. Value for hot drinks and baked goods is generally good (think around $2-$5 for a drink or for a food item). I believe they switch over to dinner and alcohol in the evenings, though I've never been around for that.
Overall a fun experience, and I'd happily come back for more.Excellent service and pastries were delish. The pistachio morning bun is definitely worth getting in line for. Only complaint: the smoked salmon bagel had way too much butter.On my third visit, I am getting the salad and grains which are available after 11.
Cauliflower salad: it's a little bit too salty for me. It has some dills and sliced fresh grapes. I asked the tehina on the side. It has a strong flavor kinda goat cheese. 
Tehina chicken salad is awesome. Chicken is tender great flavor and seasoning. Freekeh is perfectly cooked so that it doesn't become a hard grains. Marinated celery is a great combination for the salad as it gives crunchy texture. I'm not a big fan of celery and red onion but this is different. I didn't taste the strong celery or onion flavor. I thought there's some apple slices but it's not on the description of the salad. I highly recommend this.Mujadara Bowl was fantastic, as was the rest of the meal. Jerusalem Bagels are all winners and could not be happier to see Solomonov continuing to expand with different concept eateries. The vibe, music, and ambiance during lunch was also lively and fun. Great addition to an already booming food scene in Philly.Beautiful vibes inside. Tough to get seating (although went on a weekend at 1pm). Food was typical of Jewish-like cuisine. Food was really good. Coffee was really good. Wanted to try to the egg/cheese grilled sandwich but they had run out. Not a spot to sit and work FYI!Had dinner here last night and absolutely loved it. We made a reservation so didn't have to wait, and the staff was prompt and friendly. The Jerusalem bagel and zatar butter were delightful, but the showstopper was the t'bit. It had all of the flavors of a Zahav meal, and fed two people (with leftovers) for only $30! The malabi custard was the perfect ending to the meal. Will definitely be back soon.My failure to give 5 stars to this new spot I tried for savory breakfast treats was not due to the food.  The feta, Swiss chard and potato borekas were great.  I was pleased to be ably to find a morning cafe that offered savory treats in addition to sweet pastries.  Even the 10 minute wait in line, because of the lack of adequate servers,  was ok for me as I am retired and was in no hurry.  However, this long line of people waiting to order made it impossible to use an entire bar with seating, as the line of people wrapped around this seating area. More disturbing was the blasting music, not what I would want first thing in the morning.  You could not have a conversation nor enjoy a quiet time to read the news nor just prepare for the upcoming chores of the new day.  I don't understand why the management would insist ( we did ask that the music should be toned down) on such a loud beginning to the day.  This, unfortunately, drives me away unless I decide to get takeout to enjoy in the park.This cafe is worth it! Another great spot to eat by the owners who created it!
I got the Potato Boreka, Swiss Chard Boreka and the Chocolate Rugelach.
The potato Boreka has everything bagel seasoning on it and the potatoes filling was just enough not to be overwhelming!
The Swiss chard was a little too salty for me but the flavor was amazing and the flakiness of the dough melted my my mouth.
The chocolate Rugelach is a must as they are bite size and perfect for that chocolate pick me up!
The decor is also welcoming and warming!
I can't wait to try the rest of their pastries and food!First couple of times, I was blown away. Thereafter, the beautiful, delicate Tunisian salad had completely transformed into a mediocre, salty dish with what seemed like an entire can of tuna. It's just not worth standing in line for 40 minutes as the sole cashier/bakery person moves in slow motion.They ran out of almost everything by the time
I got there at 11 am on a Saturday; the crumbs that were left were delicious. Even with the line, hype and limited items I'll go back again. Soon! I'm excited to try everything on the menu.Came here on a random weekday seeking a breakfast sandwich...low expectations absolutely blown away. Incredible quality and taste. Solid coffee. 5/5This is a new favorite morning stop for me. They have delicious desserts and very helpful staff. Would highly recommend the chocolate rugelach.K'Far is the newest offering from Solomonav (the creative genius behind Zahav). He didn't go wrong with this. This cafe has everything you need. It has a sheek, bright, and oddly-dinner like ambiance, which somehow works really well. The coffee and breakfast foods are amazing. I got the pistaschio bun, which was sweet, crispy, warm, and all that you wanted in a pastry. My next trip is going to involve the egg breakfast Jerusalem bagel. Be warned though - there is routinely a line out the door for this place. I would recommend going as soon as they open or late in the day to avoid standing outside. You need to come here though!My friends and I stopped by around 9:30 am on a Sunday thinking we could avoid some of the crowds. How naive of us as this place is definitely crowded at all hours!
All I can say is this place lives up to the hype. We tried a bunch of menu items. The Jerusalem bagels are deliciously crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Both the butter/zaatar and the egg/cheese ones were perfect. The smoked trout toast was a large portion although quite salty (a given when you're eating smoked fish though). 
I loved the Yemenite latte. The cardamom flavor is strong, and the latte itself was so creamy but not too sweet. The plain latte was equally delicious and creamy.
Although the crush of crowds remind me of the NYC subway at rush hour, this place is well worth the wait!My first visit to K'Far was a bit of a D'saster, as I showed up late for the race at 10 AM and after. 45 minute wait left empty handed and empty bellied, as all of the pastries had sold out and lunch had not yet started. I did meet the GM and she's really cool but I was really hungry so i headed to South Philly and devoured a plate of BBQ to make up for it. But I digress. My second visit started with the long wait again (and oddly another talk with the GM who remembered me from visit number one and told me that they are increasing pastry production every day and are baking well into the night). This became evident at the end of the line when I was greeted by endless pastries, borekas, babkas, and sticky buns. Food glorious food. Too many choices so I literally ordered enough food for four people (and strangely ate most of it that evening). The chocolate babka was delicious and had a slight orange essence to it. Even better was the pistachio sticky bun that left me wanting more. Oh those rugelach are really small, so I might as well eat them too. The best I have ever eaten...so yummy. And why not eat that slice of walnut cake too? It was so sublime yet complex that every bite I ate started with one flavor and then something else popped up on my palate. Fortunately I interpreted that as a warning sign that maybe I should save the other babka and sticky bun for the next day lest I blow up like the next Veruca Salt. 
My advice is to go early and go often.Finally tried out this place, I've been here several times before, but never ordered. They were either too busy or most items were sold out early. My favorite is potato boureka, them rugelach. Pistachio stick bun is not bad, but a little too oily too me. Their bagel is different, egg and cheese tastes good.Really cute and modern cafe - and the line is always out the door! It's very busy, so the wait time can get a little annoying if you just want to stop in and get a quick bite to eat. However, I ordered a drink off the menu and the chocolate babka, which was divine. I definitely will come back and try more of the actual food on the menu. Overall, I really love the aesthetic of this place and I definitely recommend visiting - just be prepared to wait a little if you don't have a reservation in advance or you're just stopping in.Having eaten a couple amazing dinners here, I have to say, I am a big fan of K'Far.  Late in 2019 I took my friend there for her birthday. We shared everything and the meal was amazing. Then returned last night with another friend in town, looking to enjoy something new. We had an incredible experience.  The food was really reasonable, as it's very shareable and the staff were exceptionally attentive and generous.  
I intentionally aimed to try different dishes on my return visit and am glad I did; everything was perfect and proved there is not one bad thing served there.
Philly is so lucky to have the Cook/Solo group, spoiling us on top notch service and food that we end up disappointed with "average" places elsewhere.Definitely lived up to the hype. Expect lines and expect things to sell out quickly on the weekend. Go early!tl:dr: Cute cafe in center city! Delicious food and great decor, definitely worth checking out.
The long version: Came here for brunch with a couple of philly friends! Loved the food and the atmosphere. 
PISTACHIO STICKY BUN
This was absolutely delicious!  Loved that it wasn't too sweet, it wasn't too messy to eat, and the flavors were great.
POTATO BOREKA
Really yummy and surprisingly filling! Couldn't finish it at the restaurant, but took the rest to go.
Would definitely come back here again!Love it for lunch - I keep dreaming about the pistachio sticky bun yuuuuuummmm
The salads are incredibly fresh and inventive, as is the grilled cheese bagel. The decor makes the food taste better. It's too small inside though, hate having to struggle to find somewhere to sit - however the staff are good at helping to find tables etcWe had the jewish bagels, toast and pastries. Everythjng we tried was so tasty. They take simple dishes and and make them into something special. The space is very cute and instagrammable. It does get super crowded during brunch hours and it may be hard to find a seat.One of my favorite spots for a quick bite for brunch or lunch. The Jerusalem bagels are something truly special. The atmosphere is super cool, and it's conveniently located right off of Rittenhouse Square. Get there early to try some of the amazing pastries.Went for dinner and while we had a reservation to sit at counter but chose to sit at the bar, what a great choice. Dave and Luke were outstanding.  Explained the extensive Vermouth selections (never realized that variety of Vermouths and of course the food.  Asked for their favorites and pretty much went with their recommendations. Started with the cauliflower and risotto - all we can say was yum.  Had the Lamb shank - tender, flavorful and probably best we ever had.  Dessert - the Konafi and the Malobi - amazing.  We left with very happy tummies.  They had only been open for dinner for 3 weeks and were full with people waiting at times.  Only concern is that once K'Far Cafe is reviewed by Craig LaBan, will not be able to get in at all.It's no surprise that Solomonov's new all-day cafe is amazing, but it really blew me away! From the first bite of the chocolate babka, I knew it was special. Perfectly made pastry, and perfectly sized too. The potato boreka was ethereal too, flaky pastry stuffed with turmeric scented potatoes (I think turmeric). The pistachio sticky bun was dense and fully satisfying! And that was before we got lunch. 
The Jerusalem bagel grilled cheese reminded us of pizza, but it was very good. And the mujadara, while a little too cold (room temperature would be better) was scented with warm spices, a cool sumac covered yogurt, cucumbers, and perfectly cooked salmon. Just excellent. Lunch was under $40 for two people.
The atmosphere is great too, a little hard to squeeze in to get a table, and a little loud, but very EuropeanWow! This place is great. I came to check out the coffee and was so impressed that I ended up staying for lunch. Becca was my incredible server. She was so knowledgeable about everything and was glad to help with questions and recommendations. The boreka is absolutely delicious and airy. For lunch I had the seared tuna salad which was spiced to perfection. I will absolutely be backFirst time having dinner at kfar last night - previously had only been there for breakfast/brunch service which is also incredible. But dinner definitely blew me away. Everything we had was better than the next. Surprisingly my favorite dish was the caviar bread appetizer which comes with their homemade Jerusalem bagel. The lamb was also not to miss. Our waiter was outstanding - made Solid recommendations, guided us through the menu, and was very attentive to our table. The ambience in the restaurant is great, they sent out a couple of extra dishes which was a very classy touch. We will definitely be back!!Amazing. Literally everything we had surpassed our expectations. I had the tuna melt and pistachio sticky bun. My friends had the grilled cheese and rugelach, smoked salmon toast, egg and cheese and walnut cake. I loved the pastries so much, I got some to take home. I also had the yementine (sp?) latte and that was so good, perfect balance of spices with espresso. I would live there if I could. Needless to say, can't wait to go back.A modern cafe to go to catch up with friends and study on the side! Order upfront and first come first serve on seating. Interior design is hip and chic with side table and bar seat options. Pastries are plentiful, though you'll have to come early as some run out by mid afternoon on a Sunday. I came twice, once for the Yemenite latte and the other for a quick grab and go for their pistachio sticky bun. Each time, the line was about 5-10min and service was quick and easy. 
The Yemenite latte was not quite what I expected as it had residual from the spices used and was a bit underwhelming for the hype. 3/5
However, the pistachio sticky bun was absolutely delicious. A good mixture of chewy dough, caramelized texture and medium crunch pistachios. Also had a subtle hint of something citrusy. 5/5 would recommend! 
Self serve water on the side.Cutest place! Love the interior and ambiance. Food and desserts were also amazing quality. Jerusalem bagel was delicious, pistachio sticky bun and chocolate rugelach were very good quality, and oat latte was great!!I can see what all the hype is about. The interior is beautiful. The staff were all friendly and polite. Very attentive to water refills and helping us clear our plates. We got here on a Saturday morning just 30 min after they opened and the place was already getting packed. By 9, there was a long line past the counter and extending to the tables in the back.
I got the salt roasted beet toast and cup of coffee. Absolutely stunning plate. Tastes as good as it looks. I'm not sure if it was the bread or beets, it was savory and then had a sweet aftertaste.Very "in" place right now. Go early or on off hours. The food and pastries are excellent. Loved the grain bowls, smoked salmon and the walnut cake. Everything was top notch. Just be prepared to waitAvocado toast and salmon bagel were amazing! Seating was limited but glad we got a spot.Wow
Came here after work on a Friday with some friends. They had just opened and we were gifted two dishes to try and give feedback on.
It's safe to say I haven't been this impressed with food in a long time. All four appetizers (two that we actually ordered) were out of this world. This is a must try new restaurant for me and already in my favorites. (Food 5/5). Drinks were also great and strong. (Drinks 5/5). Do be aware: there's no happy hour and this place is on the more expensive side.
Service was also top notch. The servers and bartenders didn't miss a beat. Introduced the food. Found a place for our jackets and work bags despite there not being a coat room. (Service 5/5).
Also loved the setting/ambiance. Perfect for a date night or a casual get together (Service 5//5)Finally able to go today before they closed all of a sudden at 2. I had one of the salads the name I forget and a slice, one of the last two, of their fantastic walnut cake. The food was so good, all of it, and the ambiance is an airy modern place with comfortable pink bunks. I'd love to try their other pastries but since they are in the lobby of an apartment building and it's at the other end of town of town for me, this may never happen. But I can dream about it, if I were the kind of person to be able to get it together early, I'd be there all the time. Unfortunately, I am not and will have to imagine it.After several days of trying to score some pastries (they have sold out of almost everything for the first few days of being open) my co-worker went at 8am and was able to get whatever her heart desired because everything was finally available. She brought back rugelach and chocolate babka, and a potato boreka. I did not try the boreka, but she said it was phenomenal, full of flavor. I did have rugelach, and it was so delicious, the babka was even better, with a chocolate flavor with a tiny hint of orange something. Both were Devine. I am thrilled that Kfar is far enough away from my office that I will not be able to live on a daily diet of these beautiful treats, but close enough for a special occasion venture. I have also been inside the caffe it self, and it is absolutely lovely, bright, airy, and spacious, with plenty of seating. I am looking forward to heading over for lunch one of these days, when the lines let up and there is still food to be had at noon!tl;dr bakery and coffee bar by day then full-service restaurant by night, this spot offers a chic twist on the traditional Israeli cafe
Mike Solomonov has done it again -- proving that Israeli cuisine is no laughing matter. K'far is a luxe space, sporting tall, whitewashed walls with pink and gold tile accents. The glamorous bar area nearly reaches to the ceiling and is complemented by a white marble bar top. For the day service, you are given a number placard with your order, and the food will be delivered to your table as it's prepared. Water and silverware are self-serve.
My partner and I popped in for Sunday morning breakfast. We arrived around 9:30AM to find the cafe buzzing with a short line (which paled in comparison to the line out the door by the time we left).
We decided to share a Yemenite Latte, Chocolate Rugelach, a Pistachio Sticky Bun, a Salted Roast Beet Kubaneh Toast, a Smoked Salmon Jerusalem Bagel. The latte, roasted with cardamom, ginger, and cinnamon, channeled the flavors of any popular autumnal roast beverage with a hint of sweetness. The rugelach were buttery and dense, opting for dark chocolate in lieu of overwhelming sweetness. Meanwhile, the surprisingly light, soft sticky bun was reminiscent of baklava, offering a punch of honey contrasted by a generous helping of earthy crushed pistachios. The thick slice of toast was soft and coated with a thick layer of bright purple beet salad and half a hard-boiled egg. Finally, the long, flat bagel was peppered with sesame seeds, toasted on both sides with dill butter, and finally filled with warm salmon and pickled cucumber. The result was comfortable and crispy, although underwhelming in flavor.
Our total worked out to $34 -- fair, considering the rising price of brunch throughout the city. We had no trouble finishing all that we ordered but were satisfied until dinner. Based on my experience, I'll be adding K'far to my brunch repertoire -- and I'm excited to give it a try for the dinner service, too.I don't know how we snuck in here at 9:30 am on a Sunday, but we somehow did and enjoyed it! As soon as we sat down with our pastries, the line started forming. The light, geometric wallpaper is super chic, and the bubbly chandeliers were a big hit with our 2-person party; it helps make the small space seem larger than it actually is. I like how they have several counters with napkins, silverware and water glasses/pitchers. The pastries were perfect, but the chai was a little weak for my taste. We are looking forward to coming back for lunch/dinner!Absolutely amazing food. We were there on a Sunday and had to wait in line for about 20 minutes but once our order was placed the food came quickly. The bagel sandwiches are literally the best I've ever had.Went here for lunch before going to Zahav for dinner (I know, baller) and it was phenomenal. Long lunch line but recommend just sitting at the bar if you've got time to hang. Got the grilled cheese Jerusalem Bagel because they were out of Basterma. It looked great so be aware that it sells out if you want it.Nice atmosphere. Whoever designed the cafe, really paid attention to every single minute detail. Very clean and well lit. Service-wise, the order came to the table very quickly, but it took about 20 minutes to wait in line to make an order on a weekend in the late morning. The smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel was satisfactory. The bagel itself was delicious, but the smoked salmon was very salty and there was not very much of it on the bagel for the price of $12.00. The potato boreka was 85% boreka and 15% potato. It tasted good, but more potato filling would make it better. The Yemenite Latte was definitely the highlight of the meal. It was flat out spectacular. Would possibly return for another meal, but would weigh other options first.I came to K'Far for dinner and had such a good experience that I decided to come back the next day and try some of their daytime offerings as well. Service was excellent for both night and day. 
Night - I had the lamb shank, medium-rare, and it came topped with pistachios, saffron and rose petals. It was the most beautifully plated lamb shank I've ever had, and it tasted amazing too. The portion was large enough that I think I could have had leftovers, but since I was pretty hungry and also travelling, I ended up eating the entire dish. Definitely would get it again. My guest ordered the mushroom risotto and it was very flavorful and a great option that is also vegan.
Day - I ordered a latte with oat milk and tried the pistachio sticky bun. The latte was great and I am not a sticky bun person typically, but the pistachio option was intriguing. The staff kindly threw in a fruity turnover pastry of some kind, and I actually thought that was amazing and would buy on my next visit. I would return whenever I am back in Philly.This review is for the dinner service.
No takeout. I was seated at the bar. Luke, my server is super friendly, very knowledgeable about each item on the menu and gave me thorough explanation for my questions. He's very attentive too. He noticed that the rugelach French toast for my dessert had sauce on it although I requested otherwise. He asked if I wanted it to be remade. Since it's just a drizzle, I let it go.
Yasmine, the GM is super friendly and welcoming.
Salmon: the best salmon shrimp I've ever had. Super crispy skin but not greasy at all. The salmon still maintains its moist and juiciness but not rare. It's served with mujadara which is a mix of grain and long rice, braised greens, and labneh. I like that the server explained the dish as it was served. When everything was put together, it has great flavor. The labneh really balanced the flavor because the greens and  grains are pretty salty on their own. Perfect portion too.
Rugelach French toast is amazing. Perfect richness of chocolate. The blueberry sauce is enough and not too sweet. Along with the labneh they balanced the richness of the chocolate as it adds tanginess and acidity to all it. Definitely get this.I stopped by late evening,  grabbed a seat at the bar. We tried a snack from their dinner menu. The whipped feta and figs was fresh and had good flavor. A good appetizer or snack. The portion was good for 2-3 people. 
We also tried a dessert from their dinner menu. I was interested in trying the Konafi  and I wasn't disappointed. It is so delicious.
The pastries I have see online look amazing but they do not have them for sale while they are serving dinner. The space isn't large but it is airy and bright. They have a full bar as well. Looking forward to stopping by another time.This very quickly became one of my favorite spots in Philly, I was hooked from the first visit. The service is great, the interior is beautiful, and of course everything is amazing.
Pastries: I've had the rugelach, chocolate babka, chocolate chip cookie, and the pistachio sticky bun so far. All were great but the sticky bun is the clear winner for me.
Borekas: I've had all of them but my favorite is hands down the jam and sweet cheese, now I get it every single time!
Toasts: The toasts are my favorite. If you haven't had the beet toast you need to go and get it ASAP. Officially my favorite breakfast item in the city. The brown sugar ricotta and the avocado toast were fantastic as well.
Bagels: For $4, the butter & za'aatar is a steal. Understated and delicious. I was less impressed with the salmon bagel, and it has been the only thing I've tried here that hasn't wowed me.
Looking forward to trying the dinner menu!A couple of things- we came on a weekend with a stroller- yea don't do that. The place isn't very big and the seating was kind of chaotic. It was very "survival of the pounce on the table as people were leaving". It was crowded as heck and the stroller was just getting in the way. But onto the important things. The food. It was AWESOME. Because we went on a Saturday morning we got some brunch stuff- the fig toast was pretty much a dessert and so delicious. It melted in your mouth. I got the cured meat sandwich and they put this tasty pickled vegetable in it as well and I was in heaven. We also got some toast with butter and pastries. The chocolate babka and the pistachio sticky bun. It was all good. The other thing I like to mention is the staff. They were so accommodating. They were also so sweet to my kids. My eldest child drakes out cause she saw sesame seeds in her bagel and the guys said no problem and made her a butter and toast. Just really good people. So you got good food, dope ass staff and competitive seating- what more could you want?This is my absolute favorite spot in Philly. I honestly cannot recount the number of times that I've been here. Everything on the menu is amazing! And the staff at K'Far are the kindest, most friendly people ever! (Rel, Ben, Yasmin, thank u!)
If it's your first time at K'Far, i would recommend the following:
For something savory and filling: Jerusalem Bagels (every flavor is good, but the egg and cheese is my favorite)
For something sweet: Brown Sugar Ricotta Toast. The first time I had this, I could not stop saying "wow." During the warmer months they have fig, but now they've switched to pomegranate. Fig was a personal fave of mine but the pomegranate tastes delicious too!
For pastries: Swiss Chard / Jam & Cheese Boreka (so good for a grab-n-go snack), Pistachio Sticky Bun. 
For drinks: YEMENITE LATTE. Flavorful with a hint of spice and sweetness!
Weekends are usually pretty crowded, but the line moves quickly. Weekday mornings are optimal times for stopping by!Beautiful interior. Everything was outstanding. They ran out of half the menu by 1. Come early to get the bakery items. Avocado toast was spiced and flavorful. Please turn the music down. We were shouting across the table.Near, K'far, wherever you are, I believe that you should come here.
I'm not one who likes to go back to places a lot but lately every time someone asks me where I want to go for lunch, it's here. I've tried several of the grain bowls (the salmon is a standout) and bagels (they are fried like paninis), most of the borekas, the avocado toast (perfect) the pistachio sticky bun (which is amazing and sells out early so get there in the earlier side to guarantee you can get it) and I can never resist the 3 for $5 rugelach, which is absolutely incredible. The yemeni latte is delicious too!
For lunch, you line up and order at the front, they will give you your drinks and pastries (or borekas) and then give you a number for your food and a server will bring that out. It's pretty fast, but the line can get long around prime lunch time so if your time is limited I'd suggest getting there before 12. You can serve yourself water and help yourself to utensils and then bus your own table. I've mostly sat outside which is nice in the warmer months but a bit cumbersome to bring all your utensils and water out there. I'm very much looking forward to trying dinner here!
Just go. Get anything. It's all good.Their pastries, Salmon bagels and smoked trout toast are enough to keep me coming back. Haven't been for dinner but great option for a different breakfast.Went here with the love of my life.  Pro tip - she ordered while I nabbed a couple of spots - this place is popular for good reason so seating is competitive. 
I had the egg and cheese sandwich with an iced coffee.  The egg and cheese sandwich was delicious and a very unique offering of a classic, I recommend.  The iced coffee was served with a metal straw, so bonus points for loving our planet.It's not as good as Zahav or Goldies. Their breakfast menu (love the different types of toasts they have and their unique combinations) is much better than their lunch menu (salads are small in portion and subpar in taste), the pastries are delicious, The service is good, but this place is almost always filled to the brim, and there's no way to make reservations and it can be a frustrating waiting 20-30 min for a table.  Overall, I would rate this average at bestWhoever said come early or pay the price was right. I came a couple weeks after they opened hoping that the craziness subsided a little. I went at opening around 8 so it was a nice handful of people. But by the time I went out the line was super long. But hey guess it's worth it! 
I find the price of pastries in Philadelphia is absurdly high in general so now it's the norm. I got a pistachio sticky bun as well as two of the borekas. Both were amazingly flaky and flavorful, whether it was sweet or savory. And together they were a rich breakfast to get the day started. 
Glad to have stopped by and I'll definitely come back to try the other stuff!Super easy to make a reservation via their website and online booking system -- best to come with smaller parties (2-3 max) because the space is small. 
My dad and I ordered the tasting menu, priced at $48 a person. The set comes with bread and caviar, one appetizer per person, the main entreee (lamb shank), fInished with one dessert per person. 
The bread and caviar was phenomenal -- it's a yogurt/labneh dip with herbs, spices, and olive oil and the caviar in the middle and came with their sesame bagel. So delicious and easily my favorite thing from the entire meal. 
For appetizers, we got the cauliflower and the foie gras toast. Cauliflower was delicious and the sauce was delicious paired with the roasted veggies and pine nuts. I wasn't a huge fan  of the foie gras toast unfortunately because of the molasses component, but that's just me. The toast part itself was excellent and super well done -- just not my favorite flavor profile personally. I would get something else next time.
The lamb shank was SO tender, fell right off the bone. Loved it but overall was a bit too much on the sweet side for my liking with both the sour cherry and the raisins in the rice. Didn't knock my socks off, unfortunately, but was still very good.
Dessert we got the passion fruit sorbet special and the walnut cake with coffee ice cream. Good, but nothing to write home about. Passion fruit was very tart  -- if you don't like sour stuff, stay away! (I loved it)
Service was excellent and we felt well taken care of. Very beautiful interior of the restaurant and very intimate - will definitely be back for brunch! Lovely dining experience overall.I'd had my eye on this place via Instagram for a few months, and it was worth the wait! I've only come on a weekend, so I did battle the long line - make sure to bring a friend or book to help pass time!
I'm a huge chocolate chip cookie fan, and I loved theirs. I loved the hint of tahini and the soft, almost peanut butter-like texture. It could've used a bit more salt on top!
I'd only ever had rugelach from Costco (blasphemy, I know) so tasting a real one was a treat. Just a touch of sweetness. The babka was also tasty. It had a bit of citrus flavor that was enjoyable with the chocolate.
The smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel was tasty! Definitely on the salty side - I had to take a break after eating 1/4 of the bagel. It would probably taste amazing with some coffee, which I will do next time.No wonder why there's always a line. They have a good variety of pastries and bagels. Always get yourself a spiced latte. My friend had also recommend their dinner(reservation only). Can't wait to try out.I tried the slow roasted salmon bowl today, and it was absolutely delicious.  Simple, modest but adequate portion size, healthy and great for lunch.  About $16 after tip, which isn't cheap, but the quality was worth it.  Each of the components (labneh, salmon, cucumber, rice & lentil salad) was delicious on its own, but together they were fantastic.  It's nice to have something a little different and elevated from typical grain bowls you'll find downtown.  My food came fast, and the space was much bigger than I expected so I found a seat right away (although it was Friday lunch of Labor Day weekend so perhaps less crowded).  My only disappointment is they were sold out of borekas and I was really looking forward to trying them.  A good excuse to go back!  Oh, if the staff is listening, maybe turn the tunes down a bit?  I would come back all the time for business lunches if it wasn't so loud.The chef himself gave our dog a doggy bag. AND the food was absolutely fantastic. I just came back from Israel, but this is better than anywhere I went there.So worth the trip and line! This little bakery takes delicious food and mixes it with a modern ambience. We went mid-week and each got a toast and a few pastries to go. Everything was delicious with a lot of flavor. I will certainly go back here around the holidays to get pastries to bring home for everyone!Solomonov knocks it out of the park.... again! K'far truly is a village that feels like home. It's worth getting to K'Far right when they open, the pastries will still be warm and it doesn't get much better. The pistachio sticky bun is a must as are the Smoked Salmon Jerusalem Bagel! The rugelach are also amazing! I always am sure to stop in every time I'm in PA!The food is both delicious and affordable. I got the smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel the feta boreka and a coffee for only $15, and could barely finish everything. 
The smoked salmon bagel was a bit salty, but it's smoked salmon so that's usually to be expected. The bagel itself is huge and can definitely be a meal in itself. It was extremely fresh and I loved the sesame seeds and soft texture.
Originally, I wanted the egg and cheese bagel but it was sold out for the day (came at around 1pm on a Friday). It was really crowded when I came, but it is possible to snag a seat if you wait around as they have both indoor and outdoor seating in addition to a counter / bar area. Probably not good for groups, but for two people it's perfect to eat-in. Would definitely recommend checking this place out if in the area.The Jerusalem bagel with egg, cheese, and shug is probably the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had (the only competitors that come to mine are the things at Lou's Deli in SF and Mike and Patty's in Boston). It's about as close to perfection as you can get with the way the flavors and textures compliment each other. It's unctuous without being too rich. This is probably because the ratio of bagel to toppings is perfect. Like it would be a decidedly worse sandwich if they used more eggs. Really brilliant stuff. I will never go to Philly and not get one of these. The real challenge is there's other things to try there. So I think I'll be doing some hobbit style double breakfasts here.Coffee: 4.25 Out of 5
Wonderful flavor and will wake you up.
Service: 5 Out of 5
I joined my party later than expected. Servers were kind enough to check in with me. 
Environment: 5 Out of 5
Great place to decompress after a long day of work. Dinner service will be busy so expect a crowd. 
Overall: 4.5 Out of 5
Best to come here with a smaller party since they do get crowded and fast. The bar can get tight during happy hour. The place itself has a nice ambiance, come more business casualIf you want the egg and cheese on a Jerusalem bagel, you need to get there before 10:00 am. It's the first sandwich to sell out, and the most popular. Given that all of Chef Solomonov's places run like well oiled machines, it's odd that there is only one person at the register taking orders, which is why the line is always painfully long and slow moving. If you are in a rush, this is not the place to go. 
Otherwise, all the food is excellent, especially if you've spent time in Israel, or grew up around food like this (which I did). The baked goods are out of this world. It's become one of my favorite stops in the city for brunch. The Chef is a culinary genius.Really excellent food and service, everything tasted fresh. Went there for dinner and got the: cauliflower that was well seasoned really the eggplant dish and the caviar app. The bread is all made in house too! I was really stoked about this place that I had to come back for brunch. And of course it did not disappoint.Cool space Very crowded at lunchtime but the line moved quickly.  Short menu but really enjoyed What we had. Fresh raw tuna was really good very fresh. It was called Tunisian salad.  Basturemas ?  A Jerusalem  bagel, Oblong in shape excellent in taste.  With A piece of meat in the pastrami family. Tasty. Unfortunately outed of burekas. Look forward to going backI was so excited to try this place out, when I first heard about it. We were here on a weekday morning at 9am, and waited in line for 30 minutes. It seems like everyone was getting their orders to go, cuz there were plenty of seats available. By the time it was our turn to order, all the pastries were still available. I can imagine the place to be even more crowded and busier during the weekend, and pastries to quickly run out. We got the chocolate rugelach, which you had to buy 3 of. They're pretty much lil chocolate croissants and too sweet. The 2 borekas that we tried - swiss chard and Bulgarian feta, are puff pastries stuffed with swiss chard and Bulgarian feta cheese; they were okay. We also shared the pistachio sticky bun and mini chocolate babka. The pistachio sticky bun was probably my favorite out of all the pastries we tasted at K'far Cafe, it was nutty, slightly sweet, and had a certain je na sais quoi about it. Lastly the chocolate babka tasted similar to the chocolate rugelach, they're both made with the same chocolate except the pastry was different. All the pastries were good, but were they worth waiting in line for 30 minutes? Probably not.The first part of this review is just for the restaurant.  The food was absolutely delicious.  The tasting menu is well worth selecting both in terms of tastes and costs.  Every dish we samples was wonderful.  The servings are very generous.  One could realistically make a meal of just ordering two appetizers.  The service was superb.  The usual bass-numbing beat thumping in the background is de riguer these days so why complain.  We will be back.
The cafe was less satisfying on earlier visits.  The pastry chef here is celebrated but after sampling several of her offerings we wondered why.Ok K'far is Philly's newest hot spot from
The creators of zahav. This place has the ambience of an upscale Mediterranean wine bar, with the laid-back vibe of Philly!! 
The appetizers and breads alone were remarkable. The main entrées were a little underwhelming for those who might not be a fan of vegetable stews but overall a five out of five experience. I keep Zabihah / halal so defaulted to all the pescatarian options and they didn't disappoint. 
They do tend to have a wait list on the weekends so highly recommend reservations!!
Great for date night or girls night, coffee, lunch or dinner. Jerusalem bagels and moussaka on point and the service was very attentive and immaculateTL;DR CookNSolo did it again!
There was a short line when I came at around 11 am that moved very quickly. I tried the Batsurma Jerusalem Bagel, Rugelach, and a Yemenite Latte. Everything was delicious! The service was great. In traditional cafe fashion, someone brings your food out to you and takes dishes away.
The Batsurma bagel was so good! The sesame seed bagel didn't overpower the ingredients (Air-Cured Beef, Olives, Peppers, Spinach). It's a little small for the price, but it was incredible, so I didn't mind. The rugelach are light and have the perfect amount of chocolate.
The Yemenite latte was perfect for the fall! Delicious, warm spices!Absolutely amazing! So cute inside. I went before work one day and had the ricotta, fig, and blueberry toast and took the mini rugelah to go. Both amazing, the different flavors in the toast really jump out at you. I went on a weekday at 9 am and there were only 2-3 people in line ahead of me. The server at the counter was very friendly and helpful with my selection and I did not have to wait long for my food. Definitely a good spot to check out if you are visiting. I will be back!Zahav's cafe/bakery brand. I'm not a bakery person, but I like the pistachio sticky bun, it's great, so is the chocolate bunGot there at 9am on a weekday and they were still out of pastries: so definitely get there earlier!! 
Ordered a grilled cheese Jerusalem bagel and loved the balance of flavors and texture between the za'atar, grilled tomatoes and kashkaval cheese. Would highly recommend as an alternative to your run-of-the-mill grilled cheese!! Also got the dirty chai latte which might just have been the best chai latte I've ever had. Excited to try their pastries in my subsequent visits (of which there will be many!!)Best babka in town. I wish they made whole loaves. I have one suggestion. Please provide honey for your delicious teas.Had the Persian lamb and a couple other goodies. Everything was well-worth the price and the short wait. Outstanding service, food, drink, and atmosphere.Wonderful new addition to Philly; Solmonov & Cook at it again! Bright cafe with delicious breakfast/lunch options (salads, toasts) and desserts.
Atmosphere: Cool vibe with high ceilings, and great lighting. Be expected to wait ~15-20 minutes (sometimes 30 minutes) during busy times (weekends, noon). Generally quite loud inside, and seating may be difficult to find if you go during prime lunch times, or over the weekend. The music is... eclectic - at one point, Superstition by Stevie Wonder, then 30 minutes later, shift to hard core EDM. For less wait times, go around 2pm, when the cafe is quite empty.
Food: Recommend trying the Jerusalem bagels (very well toasted), or the quinoa & avocado salad! Their toasts do contain both sweet and savory - if you're looking for dessert, their date & molasses toast is a good option. Coffee is incredible, and they use reusable straws as well! However, because they are still new, many food options are unavailable later in the afternoon, which is unfortunate - go early if you're looking for specific Jerusalem bagels or pastries, as they will run out. 
Overall: 4.5/5 - great atmosphere and delicious food options! Slightly on the louder side though, depending on whether or not they're playing EDM. My only real complaint is that their food options run out, but I imagine this will happen less as they are open for longer.Excellent evening spent at the bar, sipping on perfectly balanced manhattans and enjoying "small" plates--which turned out to be rather generous portions. The service was spot on and the food was 100% worth the 1 hour wait. (Pro-tip: put your phone number in to receive a text when the table is ready and walk across the street to have a cocktail at the recently opened Condesa in the Pod Hotel while you wait). Meal highlights included; the Foie Gras toast, which I might request with a candle as a birthday cake this year! It is a generous portion that is cut into two wedges, making it perfect for sharing. The date molasses adds a unique sweetness that sings harmoniously with the richness of the foie gras. It is perfection. The brussel sprouts were also lovely and a bit better than their cruciferous counterpart, the cauliflower. Cauliflower felt a bit too large of a portion and lacked that proper crisp that the brussel sprouts delivered. Finally, we got to the fish stew which was like a cod shakshuka. Flakey cod nestled into chunky tomatoes and onions with whole flame roasted peppers and an unexpected minced mint garnish that tied the whole thing together.  Now the fish stew wasn't our first choice for an entree, but the lamb shank was already sold out by the time we were seated, so it looks like a second visit to K'far is not only desired but obligatory.Amazing meal!!! The food is so good and so fresh!!! Best salmon we have had, cooked perfectly. I am so happy they are now open for dinner. Our waiter was friendly and attentive, the GM came over to make sure we enjoyed everything....which we did. I can not wait to go back.The interior is beautifully designed and the food is incredible! A little pricey and pretty busy inside but worth the line. Really good coffee and pastries to go if you're in a hurry though. Such a cute date spot and rugelah, babka, and cookies are lovely!Amazing breakfast spot, well-worth the 10 minute line. For coffee I recommend their Yemenite Latte (a shot of espresso with cardamom, ginger, cinnamon-spiced milk), it took me back to my Beirut with a Jaffa-twist. Their Jerusalem bagels are delicious. The Egg & Cheese has been sold out both times I've been, but their customer service is amazing and we got to try their Salmon and Grilled Cheese bagels as well as the avocado toast which did not disappoint! Will definitely be back for a third, forth and more-times!I got the iced tea and a grain bowl and I loved both! They were also so kind that they gave me avocado toast for free that was also delicious! I cannot wait to come back for more amazing food and service! I'm so glad this beautiful cafe with outstanding food and drinks is so close to me!Enjoyable dinner. The T'Bit - traditional Iranian stew was wonderful as was the Arabic salad and moussaka (deconstructed version of the classic dish). The rest of the items (spicy cauliflower, Moroccan Cod, chicken terrine) that we tried were fine. I'm excited to try the breakfast/brunch options.Don't get me wrong - K'Far is really good. But...I don't think it lived up to the hype for me. Maybe that's the problem with all of the attention we put on the constantly-opening newest and best "hot spots" in town. 
I arrived at 8:15 on a Sunday morning. The place was packed and I waited about 15 minutes in line to order. The decor is pristine and beautiful. The menu is small, but very mighty, and it was tough to choose what I wanted to sample. Though the line moved rather slowly, I didn't mind because the staff took the time to (calmly) explain the menu items to patrons who had questions.
I went with the Yemenite latte and Jerusalem bagel with smoked salmon. The latte was awesome - but small. The bagel with smoked salmon was delicious, but I missed the richness that I usually like of cream cheese with smoked salmon on a bagel. Different flavor combo than I'm used to, and it was delicious, but missing something.
Onto dessert - I brought a bunch of pastries home. The chocolate rugelach were good - small, sweet, sticky, but could use a more chocolatey punch, in my opinion. The tehina chocolate chip cookie was bland and dry. It fell apart in the bag and was way too dry.
Overall, it was good. I'm not rushing back, but I'm glad I tried it once. I blame the hyper-uppers for my mild disappointment, but I'm sure there are others who are blown away. Mike Solomonov himself was running the line while I was there (and hand-delivered my sandwich to me) which was a really awesome touch. This place will do amazingly, I have no doubt about it.I was so excited to try this place out during my business trip to Philadelphia. I ended up going the day I was due to fly out and am glad I gave it a go. When I got there right as they'd opened. There were already 10 people in line, which didn't surprise me at all. I got several of the pastries - including the pistachio sticky bun and the chocolate rugelach - and also the grilled cheese Jerusalem bagel which had cheese and roasted tomatoes. The sticky bun was just ok. I like the idea of pistachios instead of pecans or other nuts but I don't think it was outstanding compared to other sticky buns. It was a bit dry and didn't have a distinctive taste that would make me want to eat it again. The rugelach, on the other hand, was delicious and a perfect bite of heaven. It was so fresh and each layer was filled with the right amount of chocolate. The bagel was pretty tasty as well. It didn't have a lot of filling which was a bummer but for what it has, it was very good. The tomatoes were like sun dried and very tasty. Overall, it's a good bakery that I would recommend for breakfast or a snack. I don't know if I would stand in a long line for it though. The line had tripled by the time I got my bagel to go and it was only 8:30am. That speaks volumes more than my review I guess.We had delicious food and great service. The toasts were our favorites along with the custard for dessert. We had reservations and sat at a table in the dining area, I would not recommend sitting at the high tops at night as they were quite close to the door, I could see it getting pretty cold!We were very happily surprised to happen upon a soft opening of K'Far's dinner service. K'Far is an absolute delight, great vibes, delicious food, nice drinks and Michael Solomonov as a waiter! Very interesting and satisfying well thought out and researched menu. Desserts are delicious! The staff was all very friendly and happy to accommodate to any special requests. Run in now!!!!!!!I had a decaf ice americano that was decent. The interior is nice but it's quite busy and the hours aren't great. I'm hoping to try the food, it looks good.A+ pastry game in town. Great service too. Sticky pistachio buns to die far (bakery 8am-2pm only)Came back for their pistachio sticky bun and also got their chocolate rugelach. The sticky bun was just as good as I remembered and I was even more impressed by their rugelach! I expected it to be dry since it's small, but it was moist with a great dark chocolate flavor. Highly recommended.
PS, they've started opening for dinner! Open from 8a-2p then again starting at 5pm!Rugalech and pastries - best in the city.
Jerusalem bagels - Incredible.
The toasts are delicious. The borekas are to die for.
Beautiful interior and really nice ambiance.
To say this is a welcome addition to the area would be an understatement.I took a day trip into Philly to spend some time with my best friend, but made sure to stop into K'Far for some goodies beforehand. I ordered an Americano, which was pleasantly strong, one of each pastry, and a Jerusalem bagel with butter and za'atar for the road. Favorite sweets included the walnut cake and chocolate rugelach - holy decadent. The bagel... I shook my head the entire time I was eating it. It's that good. I wish I had more time, I would have stayed and ordered a lot more off the menu. I wanted all of it.
The service was absolutely wonderful. I felt extremely comfortable and at ease despite how busy it was. I can't wait to visit again. Just go.The egg and cheese bagel is UNREAL! The best breakfast bagel sandwich I have ever had. Staff was friendly as can be!Super cute cafe opened up by the owner of zahav. Lots of great pastries and savory items as well. 
They only make a limited number of baked goods daily, my favorite is the pistachio sticky bun (so good I had to take one to go!). Make sure you get the beet toast as well, my friend who was wary of the beets ended up loving the dish!
I'll have to come back to try more of their stuff though itll be difficult not to come back for just the beet toast and sticky buns! 
Come early to get the best selection since there is a steady stream of customers all morning, but no need to wake up super early to get a seat :)AMAZING. Came here Saturday morning around 10am for breakfast and it was already crowded. The line moves fast. The only problem is not a lot of seating. The staff is very helpful clearing tables so everyone has a chance to sit down and eat. My friend got the avocado toast and I got the smoked salmon sandwich.  And we got the chocolate babka to share. We could not be more impressed by how great everything tasted! The decor and everything about this place is great. Highly recommended!Tried this on a Sunday morning. Got here at 10am and the line was very long but moved decently fast. You order and then sit. They bring the food out to you. The cappuccino and beet toast I got were very good. My husband got one of the Jerusalem bagels. My toast was better. Beet toast sounds weird but it was very good. I don't remember the real name. We got 2 pastries but I wasn't too impressed. Suraya pastries are better. Overall very good. Very cute. Will go back.Tunisia salad (3 stars): underwhelming, seared tuna was ok, nothing special about other ingredients
Cauliflower (3.5 stars): good flavor, but drowning in oil
Lamb shank (5 stars): star of the show, tender flavorful meat but very salty towards the end. Presentation was beautiful, generous portion. Saffron rice was finger licking good
T'BIT (3.5 stars): chicken was ok, I wasn't a fan of the spices in the rice. Presentation was alright. Would not get again. 
Walnut crumb cake (4.5 stars): great texture, beautiful crumb, just enough sweetness. Coffee ice cream was a bit weak in flavorSomolov doesn't disappoint with this tasty new addition to his collection of restaurants!
Came here for a late Saturday brunch and things were as expected - light, bright, and breezy! The location is next to all the other Rittenhouse action so parking is tight but can be found! We had come during a decent weather day so parked a few blocks north and took the walk down. The decent weather also was good to show that the place has outdoor seating as I noticed the outdoor furniture was out when we walked up. 
Inside, the entryway is long and then opens up nicely after getting past the initial service counter. It's a bit awkward on the ordering process, the line has to bend a little back and forth in order to not get too crowded,  but once done ordering, it's self seating and service to your spot. We sat at the bar which worked out great, but would like to try their tables next time. The self seating option is nice, but can stay crowded longer with people lingering (ourselves included.) 
For food, they were out of the Jerusalem bagel (:\) when we went, so we chose their avocado toast (with labneh, pickled persimmon, and dill), an order of their kale tabbouleh, some coffees (they were out of the Yemenite latte), and their Turkish Garden mocktail.
Service was pretty easy. Everything came out quickly and was savored up just the same! We appreciated the speediness and the wait staff were great on keeping our water glasses full and even topped off our coffees. The food was solid and we really liked that we got to taste a little bit of all the different flavor profiles.
I liked that there were multiple vegetarian options available on their brunch menu. This is likely when we would possibly return. Their dinner menu doesn't look to have too much for vegetarians. I do wish that we got to try the better known options but hoping we have the chance next time! 
Overall - enjoyed the food and the service, looking to head back and try a few more things!K'far might even be the best Solmonov establishment by far.. 
Though the line on a weekend takes some patience, the reward is worth the wait. I've been there twice so far and anxiously awaiting my next meal - it just keeps getting better. Try their salted beet toasts and avocado toasts for a richness of flavor like none other, healthy while on the most delicious fresh baked bread. Yesterday, I tried the Kashkaval grilled cheese for the first time and was astounded - a little hot sauce on the side gives the melted cheese a nice kick. All in all, the spices make this a breakfast/lunch option like none other. The ambiance is great inside and out, but wish they had a little more seating to accommodate their popularity. I can't wait to try the dinner menu!Definitely a vibe. They're more than a cafe/pastry spot, for sure. (Get the egg and cheese bagel.) The team is super friendly (a rarity for a super busy establishment) and the food is so good and consistent (another rarity). But, I highly recommend tag-teaming the situation: Half the party orders; the other half snags the seats.Amazing! Orders the chocolate regulach because I knew it was popular and they lived up to the hype. The avocado toast and Jerusalem bagel were also delicious. Can't wait to come back!Very popular cafe that offers some interesting breakfast menu items (no boring American diner fare here). It's typically on my way to work when I'm in Philly so I've come here for breakfast multiple times. The interior feels very modern - light and bright with a view into the kitchen. There's often a line first thing in the morning but many people are getting items to go so there's plenty of seating. Order at the counter and then find a place to sit. Water and silverware are self-serve in the middle of the restaurant.
- Smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel: Very filling. Salmon is slightly salty but tasty. Would probably try a different version of the Jerusalem bagel next time.
- Smoked trout toast: Way too salty and way too many bones to be enjoyable. Wouldn't get again.
- Potato boreka: This was good and I'd be willing to get it again, but I feel like both the filling and the pastry could have used more flavor.
I've had a regular latte and a chai latte here. Both were good but for some reason the drinks take so long to make that I was almost done with my meal by the time they arrived at my table. Would love to try the Yemenite latte but they only make it with regular milk.
I'm sure I'll be back to continue exploring the menu.I was very pleasantly surprised 
My friends and I came for brunch on a Sunday. It was a little bit of a scramble to find seats but it really didn't take too long to find a table. 
We shared the pistachio sticky bun, walnut cake, feta borekas. Loved the sticky bun and walnut cake. Botekas we could have done without. 
We each got a Jerusalem bagel sandwich of smoked salmon and egg and cheese and loved these. 
Latte was good too. 
Definitely want to go back.Delicious new Israeli bakery in center city! Owners of Zahav, definitely check this spot out. Breakfast was on point.I really like K'Far because they do casual yet sophisticated Israeli food. The cafe itself has beautiful modern interior/bar that's always packed and conducive for doing work in a lively environment or just for meeting with people during the day for brunch or pastries/coffee. They make an outstanding avocado toast- the bread this thick and buttery with the schug spread that complements  the persimmon and dill really nicely. My favorite pastry they have are the rugelachs which are like mini dense chocolate croissants. The pistachio sticky bun is good but tastes more like a standard sweet bun, lacking in some flavor.  I would love to come back later in the day and try their aperitifs at the bar .On my second visit here, I was waiting in line for around 30 to 45 minutes with a mission to get the pistachio buns. Thankfully my mission was accomplished.
Pistachio buns: it's a little bit dry. I was expecting moist and gooey dough. I guess I am spoiled with warm sticky buns at Reading Terminal Market. The good side is it is not overly sweet. The pistachio gives crunchy texture.
Swiss chard boreka: filled with perfectly seasoned fresh greens .
Labneh parfait: really fresh strawberry purée with nice amount of sweet granola. It's available in the fridge near entrance door. Highly recommended.
Fig toast wit brown sugar ricotta is amazing. Toast is moist yet it has nice crunch. Ricotta is smooth, fig is fresh and sweet. Highly recommended 
Mike Solomonov was there expediting order to the kitchen. I felt I was watching a nicer version of Gordon Ramsey. I talked to him briefly. Very nice and friendly guy.Everything was just as good as it looked in the Instagram feed! Went once for breakfast and once for lunch. I preferred breakfast. The Jerusalem egg and cheese bagel was amazing and decadent. The avocado toast with pickled persimmon and harissa more restrained but beautiful and so tasty. The pistachio sticky bun was a bit dry but good. The salads at lunch were good but not something I'd specifically come in for. Of the two we tried the kale tabbouleh was the favorite. But the jam and sweet cheese boreka was a hit (the feta one needed more filling). Tahina chocolate chip cookie had good flavor but the sandy texture may not be for everyone. Espresso is perfect and the atmosphere very appealing. I will definitely be back.Solid place with delicious food. 
I would give it an easy five stars for the food and ambiance, but the service has been consistently a chaotic mess that I almost considered knocking it down to three stars. More often than not when I have visited during brunch, they forgot or mixed up an order. One time, they forgot to add avocado to my salad, so I had to ask for it, and they just brought out avocado on the side. The same instance, the table next to us just didn't get their order. And we received a dessert we hadn't even ordered. Another time, they hadn't even realized that they didn't bring out my order for over a half hour, so we had to ask. At least that time, they gave us a little side dish to make up for not bringing out my food with the other person, but definitely not an ideal situation. 
But hey, the cute space, great location, and delicious food does still make up for the slight chaos. My favorite item on their menu is probably the brown sugar ricotta toast, but all their toasts/salads/grains that I've tried thus far have been wonderful. Price point feels very reasonable, especially for the daytime menu. Portions are middling sized; satisfying but also you would have enough stomach space if you wanted to order 3 items between 2 people. 
Definitely hope it sticks around!Mini chocolate babka (5 stars): best version of a babka we've had in a while. It's muffin sized so all the sides were crispy (edge piece brownie lovers rejoice!). The chocolate was rich and filled in between all the layers, which was just right amount of soft inside without being dense
Swiss chard boreka (4.5 stars): crispy, flaky, and actually had a good amount of chard inside
Avocado toast (4 stars): nice crispy and fluffy bread. The labneh was a nice savory base for the avocado. Wish there was more pickled persimmon, which was the star
Yemenite latte iced (4 stars): spiced latte not too sweet
Wait in line to order, then scout for a table. There's some outdoor seating as well when the weather is niceAnytime you go to a cafe or restaurant that's just opened--first day of service was July 31--you have to expect a few hiccups. In my case, the hiccup was that the dessert menu listed on the website won't actually be available until they start serving dinner in the coming weeks. I also didn't make it easy on anyone by putting in a pretty complex order (rugelach to go, tea, brown sugar ricotta toast and the salmon grain bowl--which wouldn't be available until after 11 AM and it was only 10:30ish--to eat in) and then making it even more complicated by asking for them to hold the toast so that I could have it after the grain bowl. Yet, they managed to handle all of that quirkiness with grace. My friend's food arrived--he got the grilled cheese on a Jerusalem bagel and seemed quite pleased with it--and Chef Solomonov, who was actually acting as runner (a smart move as the kitchen staff works out the kinks), asked if I wanted to have the toast now, and I decided to go for it, since I was pretty hungry and it was still a little while before 11.
Shortly thereafter, a thickish slice of toast arrived, cut diagonally down the middle, topped with ricotta and figs, with brown sugar and a strategically administered blueberry syrup. A home run. I (somewhat reluctantly) allowed my friend to have a small piece, and he fell in love with it, vowing to return just so he could have his own order.
The nice thing about the toast is that while it was sweet, it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, and the portion size was just right, so when my grain bowl arrived, I was ready to go. The two of them make a great combination, in whatever order you choose to eat them. The dish was called "mujadara," and it included slow-roasted salmon, labneh (dusted with sumac), cucumbers and rice with lentils. It's a beautifully composed dish, and the portion is sufficient without being overwhelming. It could be lunch on its own for light eaters, or with the toast is quite satisfying for those of us who eat a little more but still don't want to be stuffed to the brim.
The physical space is lovely--there is a communal table and counter seating in addition to a number of tables toward the back--and it's light and airy and welcoming. The staff is very friendly and generally quite efficient, though they're still sorting a few little things like when to clear plates and handling the traffic flow--all to be expected when you've just opened.
The bottom line is that you have friendly people serving delicious food in a lovely setting. Have a little patience, as you should with any new spot, as they fine-tune the operation, but already it's very, very good. Looking forward to my next visit to Philly, so I can try the Rugelach French Toast from the soon-to-arrive dessert menu. :-)I have tried nearly everything on this menu and it is all phenomenal! The potato boreka is an unsung hero, so delicious and unexpected! Can't wait to try dinnerBest addition to the Philly food scene this year. The rugelach was perfectly chewy, chocolatey, and not too sweet. The Jerusalem bagel sandwiches are all so unique and flavorful and the decor inside is stunning. Don't be discouraged by the line wrapping around the corner - they go fast and it's totally worth it!Delicious food! Chocolate babka and pistachio sticky buns sold out by 9:15am on a Sunday so be sure to get here early for the baked goods.There is a reason that Chef Solomonov is one of the Philadelphia greats.  This guy knows how to put together a fantastic menu!  The food was delicious and the gluten-free walnut cake was TO DIE FOR (Seriously, I need more of that right now.)  My only complaint (and it's a teeny-tiny one) is the service style.  I'm not a fan of the take-a-number-and-let-the-server-come-find-you-thing.  I believe a place like this should have full service for the simple fact of being able to order more food/beverages as needed. It won't keep me from going back though!  Excellent!There are two main takeaways for K'Far, and they are as follows:
1) Believe the hype. This place is delicious.
2) Believe the stories about waiting...they are still working out the kinks.
My friend and I arrived at 8:10 am on a Thursday and to our surprise the line to order was only about 5 people long so we took our shot and got in line. We only waited a few minutes to place our orders. Note they don't accept changes to the order- for example, egg whites instead of regular eggs.
I got the iced coffee and egg sandwich on Israeli bagel and sat down to wait. My coffee was really good! I love when iced coffee is actually cold and the ice doesn't melt. This was key because I nursed it over the 30 minutes I waited for my sandwich.
After a while it was clear they had a staffing issue, so my friend and I weren't mad. We ultimately ate half our to-go orders at the counter because we got hungry waiting (about 25-30 min from when we ordered). My egg sandwich was delicious- it had something on it that looks like pesto and wow. I loved every bite. It was pressed like a panini too- who doesn't love that? My friend's avo toast looked lackluster but tasted bomb. There is an Israeli seasoning on it that just makes the whole thing pop. Also the bread isn't toast, its soft bread- but very, very good.
I hope they work their service kinks out because this place is delicious. Can't wait to come back and try more menu items!!
PS- The staff was helpful and apologetic that it took a while, so they are aware of the issues.Worth the wait! Try the tasting menu.The sandwiches on Jerusalem bagels are delicious! The cafe is beautifully appointed with friendly staffFinally made it K'Far! (which btw means village in Hebrew) Came here on a Friday around 11:45am and only had to wait about 10 min before ordering-although they did run out of a few items by this time. 
I had to try the Yemeni latte because honestly, I had no idea what it was. Turns out it's a latte with your regular espresso shot and a blend of ginger, cardamom, and cinnamon. Delicious! 
We also got the Jerusalem bagel with butter and za'atar, the avocado toast (with za'atar instead of schug sauce), the sweet yogurt parfait, and the jam and cheese and the Swiss chard borekas. Everything was delicious but most items were very heavy on the butter so be prepared for that. The yogurt was more tart and creamy, which was actually perfect. 
Absolutely beautiful addition to the Philly community!The hype of this place is real. Line was out the door. We shared one savory dish...the Jerusalem grilled cheese oh my word. You just need to get it, I have no words. Our sweet dish was a brown sugar french toast-never seen my hubby eat something so fast. We both got cappuccinos which were awesome. I want to come back for happy hour! Their bar area is super cute and their  decorating style is right up my alley.  bravoK'Far Cafe is a cute restaurant in downtown Philadelphia.  They opened mid year and recently added dinners to their menu.  We went there for dinner knowing the food would be excellent.  What we got was much better!  The menu is great for sharing and what we ordered was like an explosion of flavors in our mouth.  The cauliflower had so many different flavors and textures that you just want to keep going back for more.  The lamb was falling off the bone and was so tender.  Let's not forget the ribeye. It was fantastic.  Prepared exactly the way we like it and the flavors complimented the dish.  I cannot forget to give kudos to the entire staff.  They were all so friendly and attentive and truly know how to make you feel like a wanted guest at their restaurant.  The pride showed!  This place was a-mmmmazing! That is the only word that sums up the entire dining experience at this restaurant.Beautiful, sweet (charming and tasty), and overall just great. Heard they have Jerusalem bagels, so got here as fast as I could. Once I realized how popular it was, we ordered everything we could. Unfortunately, they were out of the pistachio sticky buns. We had a Jerusalem bagel with butter and za'atar, toast with ricotta, figs and blueberry sauce, and toast with tahini and date molasses. Yes, we ate all of it. It was a snack! Don't know where they get their butter, but it is delicious. They use just the right amount: a lot. I will be dreaming about the ricotta, fig, blueberry sauce toast forever.Ordered the Pistachio Sticky Buns and Walnut Cake for pickup. It took a while of waiting outside before our order was called and the waiting line was quite long. Overall the baked goods were good as expected, but I found them a little too sweet.This is my 3rd and last time here due to there being an issue every time. Food is good but not worth waiting more than 15 min in line for. K'far is terrible about substitutions and do not accommodate people with dairy allergies well which is crazy for an establishment in 2019. Warning - they run out of most items WAYY to early so if you have your heart set on something come at like 9am. Just waited 20+ min in line to get to the front, order an egg bagel and be told they are sold out - on a Sunday during brunch BEFORE 11am. Ridiculous - if you're pre making your items in advance know you should probably up the pars on a weekend. Been frequenting Solmonov restaurants for many many years but am very disappointed with how K'far is organized.They have a one line for all system. Took about 30 minutes to grab a cappuccino and some pastries to go. Means everyone who intends to sit down and eat must go through the same system to order. Don't come here if you're planning on grabbing something quickly- not efficient. I got the feta borek--or boreka with the Hebrew name--They seem to promote themselves as Israeli cuisine--The borek was delicate, and covered in sesame seeds which really elevated it. That addition made it better than any I've had in turkey or Eastern Europe. But the other three kinds of borek were not covered in sesame seed so I don't know if they would stand out as much. I would've preferred the rugalach to be fruit options too and not only chocolate--But for those who like chocolate it was very chocolatey. Though you can't just get one-they give you three. My husband gave the pistachio sticky bun 8/10. It was on the drier side, like Jewish baked goods usually are. Their bagel sandwiches smelled amazing and appeared quickly grilled and flattened (panini style) and covered in sesame seeds. That one I would definitely go back for trying and skip the sweet baked goods.The food was really really good. The items on the menu are unique and delicious. The staff was friendly. The general manager (Ben) was a pleasure to talk to. 
My wife and I had a fantastic time at K'far! We will definitely be back next time we visit Philly!There's a reason this place has so many great reviews: it's great. I've been here a few times now and never disappointed. Today I got the pistachio roll and my goodness, so tasty! I wish I could figure out what the syrup they use is, it's mindblowingly good. I just googled it between writing that sentence and pressing 'Post' and one reviewer thinks it might be a hint of rosewater, I agree. I thought maybe rose water as I was eating it but truly who knows. SO GOOD!
In the past, I've also had the borekas (solid) and a variety of coffees. Their coffee is, well, it's coffee. The Yemenite Latte was very yummy, not an every day coffee but a great once in a while drink. Next up is the chocolate babka, and luckily I know I'll be back so it's only a matter of time.I am now in love with Jerusalem bagels ! This was high on my list of places to try in Philadelphia and it did not disappoint! I originally wanted to get a bagel with the vegetable cream cheese but you were only allowed to get cream cheese as part of the four pack which is the only reason I am giving four stars. Seems a little silly not to get cream cheese but it forced my hand to get the egg and cheese which was PHENOMENAL! They put a bit of spicy Za'atar spread on it which definitely kicked things up a notch. My boyfriend and a few of my friends also got the smoked salmon which they said was super rich and also needed a smear of cream cheese. The chocolate babka was amazing and I'm sure the rest of the pastries must be equally as amazing as the quality of everything was top notch. Do yourself a favor and give it a try!Go now! Get the sticky buns, chocolate babka and tehina chocolate chip cookie with a latte! The staff are amazing too!I expected more, quite honestly.  The rugelach were not as fresh as I expected.  Maybe I made a mistake by ordering the dozen (are they prepared the night before), but shouldn't I be rewarded for doing so, instead of the opposite.  The pistachio cinnamon role was so small, I had to laugh.  The babka was flat.  Why does everyone rave about this place -- or was i misinformed?  The borekas were pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  The chocolate chip cookie was a pleasant surprise, as was the linzer cookie.  I'm hoping this was a bad day, or a bad hour, and that if I come earlier or later, I'll hit the fresh sweet spot....I popped in for an afternoon drink and snack. They have the best Bloody Mary ever! The savory cheese and olive pastry I had blew me away as well! If I wasn't leaving town in a few hours, I'd be back again and again.We went to K'Far for brunch on a Sunday and it was PACKED. The seating is first come first serve and people were getting pretty aggressive for seats. Aside from the chaotic scene of people, the Jerusalem Bagel with lox and dill was incredibly crisp and yummy. The rugelach was so good. It's like when you have a pain au chocolat but you wish it had more chocolate- this was it. It had chocolate in every bite. but my favorite and by far the star was the pistachio sticky bun which I could eat every day for the rest of my life. I had a delicious cappuccino and my boyfriend had a Yemenite latte which was just the right amount of gingery/cardamommy (no, that's not a word.)I went there for dinner with friends and then went back for lunch with a work colleague. The food is amazing, and the pastries are delicious- best chocolate babka and smoked trout tartine I've ever had. It is really hard to get a dinner reservation there, but lunch and breakfast are usually a little bit easier. Amazing food!Can't believe it took me 2 years to try this place. We got the ricotta toast with figs, grilled cheese Jerusalem bagel, pistachio sticky bun, Yemenite latte, and sachlav cappuccino. Everything was great but I absolutely loved the bagel - it may even outrank lox bagels in my mind - and the sachlav cappuccino, which had subtle floral / lavender / rose water notes. Taking your order to go and enjoying it in Rittenhouse Square on a nice day is definitely the move!Brown sugar ricotta toast was life changing. Would get Everyday if i could. Order ahead right now, they are busy, can't wait to try more.K'far is a very welcomed addition to the Rittenhouse area! The high ceilings, lighting, and decor are beautiful. If I could, I would easily spend the whole day there sipping lebanese coffee with a book.
All the food is incredible! Make sure to go ideally before 11am if you want your full choice of pastries, as they run out quickly! The pistachio sticky bun is my favorite of the sweet pastries. The potato boreka is my favorite savory pastry; perfectly flaky with a curry-like flavored filling. The smoked salmon jerusalem bagel is fantastic, though admittedly $12 is a hefty price for it. The grains & salads are some of my favorites as they are all incredibly flavorful. I've loved each one I've tried, particularly the quinoa taboulleh salad with the avocado and the mujadara (smoked salmon). All in all, some of the best food and ambience in the area!Don't let the small plates fool you. My friend and I dropped in for an impromptu dinner. Our server says sharing 4 small plates and 1 entree would be good. It was too much food. Although we didn't get to finish, we were content to order that many so that we can sample them. We could have skipped the entree, but it was delicious. The cauliflower dish was my favorite.Most amazing pistachio sticky bun! It was still warm and neither dry with being over baked or gooey being under baked.This place is outstanding and must try. After eating at Zahav this place was high on my list since they are the same owners. The Jerusalem Bagel Sandwiches are possibly the best sandwiches I've ever had. They are pressed down so that they are crispy and light. The sticky buns are a perfect treat with the savory sandwiches. Everything I have had here is a home run. They are now on caviar too so that is also convenient. I am starting to crave this every Sunday and it takes everything I have in me not to order it.I was in Philly for two days and ending up going here both days for breakfast because it was so good. The Yemenite Latte is the best latte I've ever had. It's espresso flavored milk steeped in cardamom, cinnamon, and ginger. The flavors are incredible. I had it hot both times, but I bet it's great iced in the summer as well. I had never had a Jerusalem bagel before. It tastes like a bagel and looks like a thin and oblong bagel, but has less fluffy insides. The capers in the cream cheese and the pickled onion made the smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel extra tasty. I hate it when a bagel place either is stingy with cream cheese or puts an entire block of cream cheese on one bagel. This was the perfect amount of cream cheese. The smoked salmon was melt in your mouth delicious. Pastry wise, everything I saw looked great, but I only tried the chocolate babka (fabulous) and the pistachio sticky bun (my favorite, like baklava in sticky bun form). The staff was really friendly and remembered me when I returned the second day and thanked me for coming back! There is indoor seating at tables and a high top bar, as well as outdoor seating. I ate inside, but the outdoor area looked very neat and nice. The vibe in the space is great, they were playing good music as a reasonable background volume, and the decor is modern and beautiful. I can't wait to go back to Philly so I can come here again. If I lived in Rittenhouse, this is the kind of place where I'd go on the daily.The pistachio sticky buns and Yemenite latte especially are worth the hype.We stopped here for breakfast on our way out of town and this might've been my favorite cafe I've ever been to. I started with the Yemenite Latte which is made with spices; the flavors were very interesting and they worked very well but it's definitely not a daily-drinker if you're craving coffee. We then split the smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel which was superb. The salmon was fresh, delicious, and generously piled on. The outside of the bagel was crispy and the inside was soft, just like a bagel should be. The real star was the Boreka, my favorite pastry I've ever had. The pastry part was flaky and covered in Zaatar seasoning. The inside was cream cheese and olives which seemed a little bit interesting but the salty olives worked so well with the cream cheese and buttery pastry. Next time I'll need to get a box of them to go!In addition to the lockdown/SIP and eschewing delivered food, I've spent the past 6 weeks on an Auto-Immune Protocol Diet to aide with some long time health issues. While the AIP was not all that different from how I normally eat at home (mostly non-starchy vegetables, animal protein, healthy fats and very low glycemic fruit (once every few weeks), it was stricter. No nightshades, no chiles, no eggs, no coffee or seeds (sesame, cumin, rye, mustard et cetera), zero dairy, no sugar (honey and maple syrup are okay), no alcohol, no grains. The first week was tough and I felt lousy, but 5 weeks in-woo hoo!-do I feel one million percent better physically and mentally than I did 6 weeks ago. 
As a treat for my Spartan existence and as an excuse to get a massage, a mani/pedi and some time in Rittenhouse Square's park, I ordered some of K'Far's Breakfast Bundles on line to be shared with a few friends for a socially distanced picnic. 
Ordering is very simple and if you don't have Venmo (I don't), you don't need it nor do you need to download anything onto your phone. You pick your items from their site, ordering starts every Wednesday, you specify the day and time you will pick up, your order is confirmed via e-mail and you are told to arrive at the specified time, call the K'Far number, give your name and your order will be brought out to you. Easy, right?
I finished with my sybaritic activities a bit early, so I took a slow walk to S. 19th St. and called in to pick up. The patio is open for dining but it's tiny; however, you can order at their window, take away or eat there, assuming you can get a table. Of course, depending on your arrival time and what's been pre-ordered, some things may be already sold out. Everything was socially distanced/anti-COVID compliant with 6 feet markers for the order line, masked/gloved servers and runners and recyclable to go containers with no napkins or utensils. That caused me to have to text the folks I was meeting, asking them to supply that portion of the picnic, but I had no issue at all that K'Far didn't provide these things in my order. 
For our picnic, I ordered the Boreka Bundle (3 borekas-potato, feta and swiss chard with cheese), the Jerusalem Bagel Bundle with 2 spreads (4 bagels and in our case, za'atar butter and vegetable cream cheese), a Mushroom Kubaneh Toast and 2 slices of walnut cake. My fellow diners were bringing iced coffee, fresh juice, cold seltzer and iced masala chai, though I could have purchased tea and coffee drinks from K'Far had I wished. 
I waited on the sidewalk for about 10 minutes for the order and enjoyed being outside in the sun and people watching. 98% of the people passing by and waiting to order were masked. Diners, of course, were not but if one had to go inside to use the toilet, a mask was required. A pleasant runner called my name, handed me my full bag of fresh, warm, fragrant food and I was off to The Square. 
The borekas were just okay. We could see but not taste the potato in one. It was very flakey and covered in everything bagel topping. The feta boreka was light on the very mild feta. The winner, if there had to be one, was the cheese (kashkaval) and swiss chard. Stina, to our tastes, does a better boreka. 
The bagel bundle was quite a hit. These are not your typical New York bagels. Jeruslem bagels are in a class by themselves. They are oval, covered in sesame seeds, and have airy innards. Not at all dense and heavy. The 2 spreads were marvelous and we couldn't decide which was a better choice. The cream cheese was light, not whipped, but not the dense Philadelphia stuff one generally gets with bagels. I won't say if anyone in the group used their fingers to get all of the left over spread that didn't make it to the bagels. 
The Mushroom Kubaneh Toast is a rich, HEAVY dish. The bread is thick, tasty and holds up well to the thick layer of urfa pepper mascarpone and the heap of oyster, shiitake and mitake mushrooms crowning it. We all split this one order and doing so did not make any one of us feel at all deprived. If you order this and plan to eat it alone, consider it a meal in itself. One order for one person would be extremely filling. 
We all ate to satiation then stretched, yawned, rested, chatted, drank our cold drinks and basked in the dappled, green light of the park before finally tucking into the walnut cake. 2 of the party expressed disappointment that I did not order the Pastry Box, to which I replied OINK OINK, but when we divied the walnut cake, it was unanimously agreed that these dense cake slices were an excellent and fitting 'after' for all we'd previously consumed. I love walnuts; in this cake, just barely sweet and very well textured, the walnuts shine. It was superb with our iced coffee. 
Don't get any combo of these bundles/dishes expecting a bargain breakfast. (The toast alone was $12-but rightly so...) The ingredients are high quality and none of us went into a junk food coma post consumption.We had the Jerusalem bagel, it was delicious. Burekkas are fresh and perfect, pistachio cinnamon bun is outrageous (warm, flavored with orange blossom water). My only complaint is the music. At 8 am on a Sunday, I don't want to listen to loud, vulgar, aggressive music, especially when there are kids around. Food is great, though.Amazing Israeli food - I loved everything we got here. The portions are great too. Definitely would recommend the lamb dish, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.A bit overpriced for what you get but I guess it's location in Rittenhouse warrants expensive tiny pastries.The wait is long on the weekend but worth it! Had the smoked salmon on Jerusalem bagel and kubaneh toast with plum and ricotta cream. Both a bit on a heavy side so I'm glad I shared with my sister. Also had the chai latte which was light and perfect.Worth the wait. I've lived in Rittenhouse for years but have never stopped because there's always a line/large crowd outside waiting. Well, now I know why. The food was really good. I got the egg sandwich; that bagel is EVERYTHING. And--the pistachio sticky bun was absolutely phenomenal. Definitely going back!!! And this time, I won't grumble to myself about the long line/wait time.SO delicious. Must try the Jerusalem bagels, labneh, and borekas. The line is worth it!
We'll keep coming back!The food is amazing! I had the Jerusalem bagel with egg, cheese and schug.... simply delicious. Baked goods looked delightful.Came for lunch and had the Basturma, which was delicious. The food came quickly and we were able to get a seat even though it was crowded. However, the portion is so small that it was really off putting. If your customers can't eat a satisfying lunch for less then $20, I don't think you get to advertise as a "cafe." Make the portions bigger or include some sides.They need to get their act together and improve the service. We had a bad experience last time and decided to give it another try. The drinks came too late when we were done with our food and my cappuccino was tiny and cold. The barista was working at the speed of a turtle. They should have  separate people working on the orders  to-go from the ones at the restaurant and maybe the service to eat in will improve.I once came back to K'Far twice in one day. That's how good it is. I no longer live in Philly, so every time I visit I know I have to make it to K'Far when I can. 
The interior is super aesthetic (sorry to be basic, but I lack of a better word). Bright, open space with high ceilings that makes it the perfect place to hang out with some coffee (or alcohol, they have that too!) and excellent pastries. The pistachio sticky bun is my all time fave - if you can only get one pastry, please get this one. Gooey and soft, with generous sprinkles of pistachio sandwiched between the layers, so good it's often sold out by afternoon on the weekends. I've also had the babka, chocolate chip tahini cookie, and Jerusalem bagel. All excellent as well, you really can't go wrong here.I got the Sachlav Cappuccino (which perfectly balanced the soft floral and citrus flavors with the coffee) and the pistachio sticky bun which my friend and I agreed kept getting better the closer we got the the soft, sweet center! Also conveniently located next to Rittenhouse Square, the perfect spot to sit on a bench and soak up the spring sunshine! Worth the hype.So happy for the intro to this little spot with great coffee and good food.  During our Covid19 social distancing it was nice to be able to sit outside and enjoy my coffee and sandwich.  Really cute and nice to enjoy a good coffee at an independent restaurant.  Service felt a little slow, but they were probably working with a skeleton crew due to the pandemic.  My latte was excellent, food tasty and service staff was friendly; what else could i ask for?   I plan to return!  Hopefully they'll continue to serve during these crazy times.The ambiance is so beautiful and has lots of plants! You can really tell they thought about every single detail. There are also a decent number of seats.
The line was quite long even on a weekday but for those who are indecisive like me, that means more time to look at the menu and decide what to get! You order and then you're given a number so that your order can be taken to you after you sit down.
They serve Ox coffee for those who like coffee. And!! They use metal straws, at least if you get an iced coffee drink to stay. I'm amazed. I got a Yemenite latte instead of my usual cappuccino--it had the right amount of flavor from spices! Would definitely recommend trying.
Sadly they were out of babka, rugelach, and sticky buns even before 10am so I got the walnut cake which was so good!! You definitely taste walnut, and it had the right amount of sweetness and wasn't heavy. Next time I will try to go earlier to try the babka and/or rugelach. If you're in the mood for something more savory they have other options like toasts, Jerusalem bagels, and salads. I would love to go here with a couple of people to get various dishes and try them all.
Service was also really great! Everyone was very friendly, from the person who took my order to the barista who made my drink.
Bottom line is you have to come here and give it a try!Yikes! 55 minutes after ordering in the cafe, we had to ask where our food was.  We were told our order was forgotten about.  Each sandwich was brought out separately.  So much for sharing a meal together.  Received final sandwich over an hour and 10 minutes after placing order. Staff made little attempt to make us feel valued.  Food was good but service was atrocious  will not be back   Don't need the attitudeI enjoyed two jerusalem bagel sandwiches here with my ex who brutally ghosted me. 
My ex, who literally choose to cease communication entirely rather than actually dump me via phone or text or in person, and I split an egg and cheese jerusalem bagel and a lox bagel and simply put, I couldn't pick which one I liked more. They were that good. I enjoyed the fresh dill and zaatar on the lox bagel but the egg and cheese was so perfect and fluffy and buttery that I literally could not choose one over the other.
The coffee was above average too. My ex, who did not answer my texts for a week before I gave up and downloaded Hinge, had an Americano. He did not offer me any, so I can't speak on the Americano, nor did he offer the opportunity for me to retrieve my earrings which I'm pretty sure I left at his house. 
The decor is fanciful but modern--millennial pink and rose gold. The atmosphere is frenentic, but organized so the overall effect is chill, yet exciting in a low-key way. 
I plan to come back and get one of those bangingggg bagels again. Maybe I'll get two and go halfsies with his ghost. Or perhaps I will lock down a man who has actually read a book in his life and is not repulsed by me----- and we will ~try them all~. :)K'far, with its jewel-toned tiling and gold accents, truly feels like a treasure box of buttery baked goods. After trying their pastries a few times (by mooching off those who braved the line), I finally visited myself early on a weekday morning and the experience did not disappoint.
Here are my favorite things so far: 
1. The pistachio bun ($4): I could probably eat this every day - the dough is decadent, but with enough aeration that it does not feel heavy at all, and the pastry is not too sweet with pistachio as the dominant flavor.
2. The basturma Jerusalem bagel ($11): basically tastes like pastrami sandwiched between dense, completely sesame-coated, slightly charred bagel halves, and I'm here for it.
3. The smoked trout toast ($10): the smoked trout has some intense flavor! I wished I had gotten to try more bites of this one. 
The rugelach, babka buns, avocado toast, cheese borekas, and swiss chard borekas were all enjoyable as well. (Also, it feels crazy to say this, but $8 for avocado toast is a steal in Center City.) When I first sampled the borekas, the people who brought them received them with zhoug and tomatoes on the side, but when I went a week later, I did not receive these sides, which was a little disappointing, especially because the zhoug (spicy herb paste) is so good! I'm also not crazy about the tahini chocolate chip cookie, which I think could stand to be baked for a minute or two less, but I'm definitely in the minority on that one.
The coffee here is also excellent - they use a robustly flavored blend from Queen Village's Ox Coffee. The seating is ample, with gorgeous cafe seating in the back and a long communal table in the front that was completely unoccupied when I visited. So far, I can say K'far is aptly named - it means "village" in Hebrew, and if the long lines and high praise are any indication, the whole "village" of Philly has fallen in love with them.Eeeeeeek where do I begin. Their salmon Jerusalem bagel sandwich.  OMG TRY IT please. Their coffee and desserts are incredible. Went on a dinner date here too and it naturally was perfectWorth the wait! Try the tasting menu.The sandwiches on Jerusalem bagels are delicious! The cafe is beautifully appointed with friendly staff.What a great restaurant! We came here to celebrate a birthday and were not disappointed. 
Really suggest you treat this as a family style dinner. Order a bunch of the appetizers and a couple entrees to share with the whole table. You'll leave way more full and have a chance to try more of the menu (and trust me, the menu is worth trying). 
We ordered the: 
Bread & Caviar- comes with a surprising portion of caviar. If anything, there could have been a bit more bread. The bread is absolutely amazing and I wish they had a bakery closer to my house. 
Arabic Salad- really delicious and filling all on its own. The za'atar is really what makes it great. 
Yemenite Cauliflower- this you can order one per person ;) probably my favorite item of the night. 
Moussaka-this was a hit or miss with our table. Some of us absolutely loved it. I thought it was too sweet and a bit overpowering. 
Persian Lamb Shank- so many people think they know how to cook lamb. But here at K'Far they really do. It was perfectly tender and the rice was full of flavor. Be careful of all the tiny bones though! 
We ordered most of the deserts and then K'Far gave us the last one for free to celebrate! It was so sweet and absolutely unnecessary. Every single desert we tried was amazing. I won't even try tO rank them. Will definitely be coming back again for dinner.K'far is a place that brings me right back to the streets of Jerusalem. The food is so authentic and delicious that you forget for a brief moment that you're not actually there. The line however, will remind you that you are very much in Philly. When we arrived, we noticed a line that went all the way back to the neighboring apartment building. It looked daunting, but only took about 25 min. Along the way, we interacted with a few staff members, all of whom were extremely helpful and overly friendly. It was a warm welcome for sure. The rugelach was remarkably flavorful. It is without a doubt a must get. The cinnamon sugar toast wasn't bad, it left more to be desired. The salmon Jerusalem bagel was very interesting, as they do it in Israel, and was tasty. And the chocolate chip cookie was to die for. 
If you're in the mood for some sweets or carbs, forget Reading Terminal Market, come here instead.Decent cafe- the chai latte was exceptional. Staff bringing orders out was efficient, friendly, and great.
The music outside is too loud and makes their job harder - you can barely hear names without them yelling. Given the crowds this place attracts on weekends, it seems like it would be a good idea to cordon off a line so that people in line and waiting for orders are not as in the way of pedestrians and the line was clearly delineated. I politely asked the staff member taking orders if that was the spot for pickups too. She basically snapped at me that I had to get in line. At that moment, the line of people to put in orders and those waiting for orders just looked like a crowd of people so I was trying to sort out what was what. Had I not already placed a pickup order I probably wouldn't have ordered anything. The line does move fast, though and so it was no trouble to wait once I figured out where it ended with zero help from staff.the best, simple brunch you can get in center city! anything bread here will be absolutely amazing - 
the food; i love their bagels, so so chewy and soft at the same time. i recommend the lox, they layer it up a lot! we also got the tunisian salad and soup, the salad tasted super crunchy and fresh, filled with flavorful tuna. the soup was slightly spicy, but hearty and delicious 
the drinks: i loved their americanos as it's really smooth, but i will say their iced chai tastes like a yankee candle lmao. 
the vibe; retro and colorful!I'm constantly craving food from here cause it's some of the best I've had! The smoked salmon is so good, you must try it. The fig dish is also delicious and isn't overly sweet. Definitely come here with a group of friends so you can order one of everything and try all the yummy pastries! A must eat cafe that you won't stop thinking about!The chocolate babka is divine. With hints of orange blossom, the dough was flaky, rich, and perfectly sweet. Would return again and again for this delightfully complex take on a classic favorite.The latest offering from Michael Solomonav is a pan-meal restaurant: a bakery in the morning with more entree-like offerings in the evening. 
My friend graciously dropped off the egg breakfast Jerusalem bagel, which was an oblong bagel rolled in a healthy amount of sesame seeds. The scrambled egg was light and fluffy and the schug had a very mild kick. It could easily be split into two meals (~$6), so great value! 
When we returned for dinner, I immediately fell in love with the decor, which is can best be described as a millennial's dream (think light pink seating, corners filled with greenery, hip lighting and marble tables) that transition from breakfast to dinner seamlessly. The top 40 music was an interesting contrast to the more upscale vibe. 
We returned for dinner and ordered the figs and feta, the kubenah toast w/ foie gras, the eggplant and beef, and the salmon, mostly motivated by the fear of not being full.  Our waiter recommended sharing 2-3 entrees, a toast, and a mini appetizer. I would recommend 2 entrees + a toast between two people to leave you feeling comfortably full. 
My favorites were the foie gras toast and the salmon. I loved the creamy, salty foie gras contrasted with the fluffy, sweet toast and date molasses. The salmon was perfectly cooked, with an addicting crispy skin and fall-apart-on-the-fork tenderness. I would pass on the figs and the whipped feta; it was a touch too salty, even with the sweetness of the figs. Overall, I would definitely come back for breakfast and lunch, with dinner as a special night out.Ok seriously...this is one of my FAVORITE bakeries. EVER. Holy COW. I heard good things about this place but I was truly BLOWN away. My all time favorite was the Pistachio sticky bun. It is truly a fluffy chewy heavenly pillow that you want to eat over and over again.The second best was the chocolate rugelach, hands down best i've ever had. I also ordered the bulgarian feta boreka and it was delicious but my least fav out of the three. This place gets packed, especially on the weekends. I would definitely come back here again!!!I am not going to bother writing a review because K'far doesn't need one. Just go check them out and have your mind blown. A gentle warning - There is always a line and their fan faves get sold out early so be sure to get in early. My fav remains the sticky bun and brown sugar ricotta and figs on toast.The worst service, very rude personnel. The pastries taste good. They serve the coffee on a paper cup when we asked for mug, then waitress said "maybe" we are out of mug, ask someone else, and when we ask can you check, she said "No"!! Then we asked someone else and just dropped two mugs and left ... they need a better training to how to behave ...Sweet and savory Israeli-style pastries, make sure to order online to avoid the long wait! You can't go wrong with their Jerusalem Bagels (I love the crisp texture of the bagel bread). 
The pistachio buns are a must (they are quite big and can definitely be shared! Sometime online they are sold out, but when you to pick up, you can ask if they have any pistachio buns in store and they should have some!)
Highly recommend the mushroom kubaneh for those who love mushrooms and savory treats!Really nice place to grab brunch in Rittenhouse. They had a few outdoor seats, but we got a seat inside which was equally as awesome. The interior was so welcoming, felt super homey. 
Order:
-Grilled cheese Jerusalem bagel: I wasn't sure what to expect from this, but this was amazing. The toasted sesames on the outside of the bagel was so delicious, I don't have words for it. There's this toasty aroma around it. Because it's thin, there was a good crunch to it. Of course, there was an awesome cheese pull
-Pistachio sticky bun: Very good as well! It was sweet, but not overpowering. I loved the addition of the pistachio for a good crunch.
Overall a good experience. Would love to be back!Legitimately the greasiest bagel ever. Line was really long. Smoked salmon bagel has a tiny sliver of smoked salmon. 
Worst bagel I've ever had.came here for lunch on a friday, it was pretty packed and the pastries are mostly first come first serve so come early if you can!
 i got the grilled cheese jerusalem bagel, chocolate rugelach, tehina chocolate chip cookie, potato boreka and swiss chard boreka
the borekas were delicious! they were both so yummy, i can't choose! the pastry itself was baked perfectly and the fillings were delicious.
the grilled cheese jerusalem bagel was good but i tried my friends egg and cheese jerusalem bagel and it's so much better! the flavors, the texture of the egg. i wish i got that instead
the chocolate rugelach was delicious and the chocolate chip cookie was sweet but not the usual sweetness of a cc cookie which i really appreciated!
all in all, they have great pastries here, cute restaurant and good service!I've only gotten take-out from K'far post-covid, so I fear that most of these comments may not be applicable to those who can dine nearby or with heaters. 
I was able to pre-order a few bagels, sandwiches, and salad online, knowing how quickly they sell out. I showed up on time and picked up the order without issues, although, as you can imagine, most of the food was cold after a 20min commute. However, my family loved the flattened bagel sandwiches, the smoked salmon was a bit on the extra salty side, but the puff pastries were on point! I did not try out the sticky buns, but heard great things.
As far as bagels go, K'far is a bit expensive, but if you're a bagel enthusiast, K'far is worthwhile place to visit if you have time and a little extra cash to spend for brunch.We were able to snag reservations for K'Far  once they opened up for dinner. It's a much smaller menu than Zahav but it was pretty good. Food we really enjoyed but forgot to take pics of (caviar, risotto,
and moussaka). The spicy cauliflower, smoked trout and chraime (spicy cod) pictured here were really yummy. Wanted to love the fois gras toast but it was a bit too sweet (dessert like). But they were great in providing extras like bubbles and their homemade icecream for our bday buddies. Thank you for such great service!My son and his girlfriend brought a bunch of selections from this cafe on Friday when they come home for the weekend. 
I first tried the Brown Sugar Ricotta Kubaneh Toast, and it tasted nothing like I had before. A delicious pastry that is not so sweet with puffy texture even it is a toast.  My second item was Egg & Cheese Jerusalem Bagel. It is only half but is fill up my stomach. 
Four hours later, I tried the Potato Boreka (with everything Bagel Spices). You can not even tasted the potato. The spices was not curry-based, but taste was unique and great
My last target was the Pistachio Sticky Bun after finishing my diner. It was  be another wonderful item, though it is kind of sweet with high calorie count. 
I was told that that the Jerusalem Bagel was the most popular choice and they are always sold out around 9 am. Thanks to COVID-19, you can order ahead and enjoy it without getting up early to stand in line for the hot item!  I will definitely try other menu items on my future visit.Our fav thing about Saturday is grabbing quick brunch at cafes in the city. You can't go wrong with anything on K'far Cafe's menu honestly. Today we got Iced Latte, Iced Tea (lemon&berry), Jerusalem bagels (egg&cheese, smoked salmon) and a pistachio sticky bun.Food: Jerusalem bagel was quite soft and far leas chewy compared to the standard bagel. It was fragrant with the toasted sesames, but definitely not worth $5 per piece. Cheese spread was just okay as the smoked salmon flavor was not very prominent and all you taste is the chive and creaminess.
Pistachio sticky bun ($4 each) was overly sweet for my taste buds. The chocolate rugelach ($18 a dozen) was loaded with dark chocolate and was my favorite out of the three. 
Price: quite pricey for what you get. 4 bagels with 2 spread was $27 ( $20 for bagels, $3.50 for 1/2 pt spread). Additionally they charge an automatic service fee of 10.8% on all orders.
Overall, it's a cute spot to visit if you're in the area and need a little afternoon pick me up, but not a must try.To be honest, I had avoided K'Far because I'd heard about long lines and I am not about the line life. One weekday morning I was out for an early walk with my husband and we ended up in K'Far's vicinity, so decided to pop over. There were only a few people waiting for orders so the timing worked out perfectly! 
We ordered two egg and cheese Jerusalem bagel sandwiches, a hot coffee and a tehina chocolate chip cookie. My only wish was that I had the foresight to order more sweets to-go. The egg sandwiches were perfect! The bread was absolutely incredible, and the egg to cheese ratio was just right. The chocolate chip cookie that we shared at home later was delicious. 
The good news is you can also place pick-up orders online which will soften the blow if there are any major lines happening. I'll be scheming my next visit for sure!So good! Been on my list since forever now and finally got a chance to taste all the goodness they have to offer. 
Chocolate babka, Pistachio sticky bun and Jerusalem bagel with Salmon - all soo good. Definitely coming back!Cute place for quick in-and-out breakfast.  Absolutely loved the bagel, toast and Yemeni latte.This place has a really cool atmosphere and the prices are average. The chocolate babka is heavenly it has this gorgeous dense great taste that is to die for! The drinks especially, the coffee here is also very good. It's located in a nice area too so if you have the time get your coffee to go and browse the shops.Really wonderful restaurant from the pastry chef at Zahav that is a worthy entry into the Solomonov ouvre. We were seated quickly, they were happy to add an extra person we didn't have a reservation for and a staff member even remembered me from a past Zahav visit and greeted me by name- just excellent service.
Apps here were a real star. We had the caviar with the Jerusalem bagel which was delightful as well as the nicely spicy baked feta. The foie gras might be one of the most interesting and delicious expressions I've ever had. It comes in thick toast with a sweet drizzle that almost makes it feel like a chocolate foie gras cake.
Entrees were fab. The t'bit was fun and unique, the lamb was delicious and falls of the bone and the steak was recommended as the secret star of the menu and man it sure was. Desert was well done as well- a Turkish coffee ice cream that came with the almond cake was the big star.The location is a bit of a tourist trap (and thus a pricey menu), but their divine rugelach, babkas, and coffees can be a life-saver during a Center City work morning.(3.5 stars) I was a little disappointed with this spot to be honest. It's a beautiful setup, not nearly enough seating, but that's adds to the allure. The breakfast menu didn't strike me as that enticing, other than the egg and cheese. 
Loved that it was on a Jerusalem bagel and the schug added some nice flavor, but it was just so, so heavy and rich. After the first half, I really couldn't bring myself to eat the second half. Perfect for splitting with someone with a pastry, but not for going it alone. 
Also, there arent free refills on coffee, yet the mugs for  coffee are super tiny so one cup definitely won't give you the caffeine fix you need. Expect to need a refill or two.Really great bagel sandwich and they were able to seat us inside quickly!  Tasty latte as wellWhen the man (Michael Solomonov) can make Zahav become the number one restaurant in all of America with his mind blowing traditional Israeli cuisine. Mr. Solomonov is also hitting you with those donuts. Yes, I said donuts that everybody loves, that has an unbelievably flavorful rush hitting your taste buds. Always warm, always fresh from the oven amazing donuts, with that double fried chicken known as Federal Donuts. That is the perfect combination, a one, two punch to the taste buds if you ask me. So with that impressive resume (partial, there is more to him) we surely can expect K'Far to be nothing short of spectacular.  
Alright my Yelp family I guess you would like a little more information than a "Just go in there, he knows what he is doing", so  let us dive into this review as I scream Mazel Tov! 
What to get if you are wondering? How about ALL OF IT! There is no wrong decision by the way, plus this will give you another reason why you should return. I know I plan on making frequent trips to K'Far. 
- Jerusalem Bagel ~ I went with the egg and cheese , and this was simply on point my friends. This bagel panini style has so much flavor to it with the herbs and spices all baked into it.This is a must, I could've devoured three more of these if it wasn't for my family wanting and waiting to experience what I was. Yes, there is no shame to my game.
- Brown Sugar Kubaneh Toast ~ Words can not describe the amounts of pleasure I was experiencing with this. This had a ricotta spread over top, a blueberry type of compote drizzled all over it, with a fig sitting on top. Simply delightful. 
Now when you enter K'Far, if that heavenly aroma isn't making you go crazy, their enticing desserts display will. This is where you separate the fools from the diabetics. 
- Pistachio Sticky Bun ~ The Pistachio Sticky Bun is the ruler, the godfather to them all. I'll kneel down now and kiss the ring. Just prepare yourself for an euphoric bliss once you've bitten into this sticky decadent sensation. 
Mr. Solomonov, you must have the blueprint to winning, because you did it again my friend. In all I will clearly be returning to experience more from K'Far and their delights. I highly recommend this amazing establishment, where everything is a must order.
I am Nando, and I approve this message.