I have been here prob 5 times in past 6 months. I don't know what people are talking about when they say its a cheap eat. As a fan of indian/paki food i can say that the quality here is OK, and while the place looks and feels like a dive, the prices are not THAT cheap. A platter and drink will cost you $12-14. That's how much you pay for entrees at most indian/paki/turkish/ME places in Philly. The stick kebabs are VERY GOOD but aside from that, rest of food is bland. I tried standard barbecue boneless chicken and beef platters and they were bland. The Biryani is good. But other curry dishes including spinach and chick peas were either way too OILY or spicy. Also, another annoying thing is that when the owner is not there, the guys-esp the short one-are very inefficient-food comes out way too slow. Even when not busy, i have always waited atleast 20 mins. Its not the grill time, its how they process the order. Watch them next time at counter. YES, i have had a hair in my salad too. They apologized and were sorry about it.
About the whole dive thing...Comon, how much does it cost to replace 12 tables with chairs and put down a new Vinyl floor? The owners can and should do better. The place has a grimey 'be careful what you touch' feel to it. As one of the reviewers said...i am not looking for white table cloth service, but atleast it should be clean. There is no romanticism in dirty. Honestly, i think the real reason this place is busy is because of its parking lot. If you havent tried Wah-ji-Wah up the block Do SO. Their food is usually good. 
Bottom line: Go for the stick kebab or Biryani. And bring some hand sanitizer.My experiences with Kabobeesh have been similar to my experiences with Taco Bell: either I have a delicious meal that leaves me completely satisfied or I have explosive diarrhea that leaves me completely dehydrated.  I've stopped eating Taco Bell but am always willing to take a chance with Kabobeesh--it's that tastyThe Chicken Tiki Masala was very greasy the Thursday I went. Also the service was poor.This is a great place.  The food is delicious and plentiful.  The people there are very nice.  Plus they have their own parking lot.This place is pretty cute I guess.  It looks like a retro diner and is pretty small.  My boyfriend and I went here for dinner on a Monday night and it was packed and extremely busy.  
We ordered off the daily menu (the chicken curry) and also the tandoori chicken off the kabobs.  Both came with a small salad, a side of a vegetable dish (not much choice here; there was only lentils or eggplant&potatoes but it probably varies depending on what they felt like making that day), a large portion of naan, and rice.  They took about 15-20 minutes for them to prepare it, which sucked but at the same time it's understandable because there were only two people working there.  They pack everything into one of those styrofoam to-go containers if you order it to go so you don't really get that much of the vegetables or the salad..so mostly it's just rice and the protein that you chose.  
I do have to give them props for having vegetarian dishes that are cheaper than the meat dishes ($7 compared to around $10) and having a variety of meat dishes (lamb, beef, chicken, etc).  
They use charcoal to grill the kabobs! Yummy.  Also the naan portion is really generous and isn't soggy, etc.  Will definitely be back in the future!  Definitely worth a try.I went yesterday with my friends, the food is very tasty. We eat outside, nice environment. The chicken karahi is superb and delicious. ...simply it's awesome.......Pakistani joints like this seem to be relatively few to come by, but Kabobeesh does things properly. Chicken tikkas along with naans (Tip: get the mint chutney as well) are fantastic and well worth your time! I can't wait to try the other gravies they serve up, if only I can get out of the habit of ordering the Tikkas each time!Love Kabobeesh! Not fancy inside by any means, it's an old repurposed diner, but the food is great, and you get a whole lot if you order a meal. Everything's no-frills but the taste. Highly recommend the Resham beef and the chicken kabobs.Moved to Philly for school in March. Tried it and had the best food. Although waiting is alot as it's made fresh but its totally worth it. If you get a meal and you are a student you will get free canned soda!! Over all one of the best desi food in town!Amazing gastronomic experience 
We ordered beef kabab, chicken charkha, Tandoori chicken, chicken Tikka kabab, great chicken karahi & To die for Lamb karahi
This place is truly a GEM in Philly 
Staff was super friendly & so was the owner 
Overall great family experienceMy mouth is watering just thinking about the chicken kebab plate and crispy fresh naan. Everything  I've ordered here has been delicious.The lamb kabob was alright and the naan was fine, but the rest of the meal at Kabobeesh was so oily that it was almost inedible. Our order of haleem came with a thick pool of yellowish grease floating on top that stubbornly resisted being stirred in. The two sides that came with the kabob meal-- an off-tasting spinach dish and slimy stewed chickpeas-- were also drowning in grease. On the inside the samosas were dry, and on the outside they were lacquered with stale fryer oil.  
Kabobeesh is not cheap. All of the plates are around 11 or 12 bucks.  $12 will buy you two better meals at any halal cart or grocery in University City or West Philly.Excellence in desi food redefined... best chicken karahi I have had in Pakistan and USA...great kebabs... must order lamb kebabs and kheer... great pani puri... awesome service... friendly people... highly recommended!!Came here for lunch and thought it was okay. Got a chicken roll and it was decent. Certainly not the best, but not bad. Mango lassi was average. Wanted to be wowed by this place but wasn't.i have been here once... ambiance leaves something to be desired. but flavor, now THATS where its at!! 
came by for some takeout (its not really an eat-in type joint), and let my friend order for me. He is a seasoned kabobeesh-ian.  we got a whole chicken, chickpeas, and naan.  the naan is SOOOOOO good!  the chickpeas were awesome and i put everything all together and it was amazing. 
sauces: my BF and friends like the really really hot sauce.  i like the minty green colored sauce. no clue what they are called. but yummy. 
i dont tolerate spicy very well and this was the perfect amount of spiciness and flavor that was delicious. great takeout. 3.5 stars (technically). 
staff was super friendly and talkative, they also had some kind of food out that you could try. i think it was fried eggplant.? it was really good also.Best indo paki in Philly. Nan is off the chain. Makes tiffin look like high grade dog food. If u can't eat spicy food FALLBACK!!!Clean, fast, and fresh food. I am usually anti buffet style. This set up however, I can be ok with. I picked up food for lunch for my boyfriend and I. You order what kind of kabob you want and then pick sides. They cook the kabobs fresh (I ordered chicken for my BF who said it was good). And then once your meat is done, they put your rice, naan, and sides on a plate or to go bag. I thought the vegetable sides were flavorful, maybe a tad oily. This is why I don't normally like buffets since oily food is a common theme. This was worth checking out though. I drove past a newer location that opened in N Philly too which is exciting! Just to clarify, this isn't a serve yourself buffet. You can just see the side dishes in buffet style before you order them.It's 2 AM and I'm craving for some chicken from Kabobeesh. Ahhhh, everything was so good. I would definitely recommend getting the chicken WITH bone; it makes it so tender and flavorful. The sides of curry vegetables were good but not spectacular. But, the naan is drool-worthy.
The decor was a little lacking, but that's how I like my cheap eatery atmospheres, a little dirty, a little tacky. 
Damn, I wish it were closer to where I lived--and were open at 2 in the morning.
So, go for me--at the very least just to try!Always good food.  It's small and clean but the flavor is big and good.  This is one of the few places I come too when in Philly for Kabobs.  Parking lot is a bit small so it's a little hard to get in at times.High notes:  the naan is rad, and the baklava was delish. Also, the customer service was great.
Low notes:  the chicken kabob was tasty but salty, and the sides were just swimming in oil.  
Bottom line: I could be convinced to try it again, though with so many other fine establishments in University City, I would probably go elsewhere.The experience was just ok, first food menu availbility of items was not there like chargha, the taste wise not extra ordinary. Not value for money just like every other restaurant.I am vegetarian and I love coming to Kabobeesh!!!!! Can you believe it? It's just that good. It is spicy and flavorful and I always get the same thing: veggie platter. The naan is also huge, buttery, and delicious (fresh out of the oven). 
They are packed on Friday & Saturday nights but thank goodness they are open until 11pm.Great food. Only thing is that some of the veggies (chickpeas especially) are a little greasy, but overall it's pretty good. Service is great. Be prepared to wait awhile for your food though, especially if it's rush hour for them. The chutney is really good!I finally made time to stop in here for a late lunch.  My boyfriend and I split a platter of curry chicken which came on the bone in broth.  It also came with nan, rice, and two sides - we got chickpeas and veggies.  The chicken fell right off the bone and the curry flavor was pleasantly mild.  Everything was quite tasty and not incredibly spicy (I can be a wimp) and the platter was big enough for the both of us.  Thoroughly enjoable.  We also ordered sides of vegetable samosas which were a little disappointing.  The outside was a too tough and doughy - I like them crispier - and the inside was uniformly mushy and a bit too pungent.  We also split a mango lassi because we were feeling decadent.
It was pretty busy so we didn't get our food right away, and the lassi and one of the samosas finally arrived when we were almost done eating the platter.  The slightly unkempt diner decor is charming in its own way, but I was disappointed to be eating off styrofoam.  The giant tv is easy to avoid by sitting on the other side if it's not your thing.  I might have appreciated it more if something other than the news was on.  
I probably won't eat in often, if again, but I saved a menu for my take-out drawer.  It really isn't THAT cheap, but the portions are definitely splitable if you have a little something extra.  However, I'll stick with one of the Indian buffets down the street for overall dining experience and value (if you can catch them for lunch).This is a hole in the wall place, that serves really good Pakistani food. I got a Lamb kebab and chicken curry. The kebab was good but the portion is very small and it comes with a lot of rice. Their freshly made Naan is a must try.Food was very tasteful and portion size was exceptional. We did have to wait what felt like forever for it to be ready though...Best mutton Karahi in town. Service is so slow you should 2-3 hours in advance. Serving are hugeThis is great authentic Indian food!
We went there at the suggestion of our (Indian) friend in search of good kabobs. Man did we find what we were looking for!  The food was amazing and so cheap!  Great portions, and the naan!!  All of it was amazing. We will definitely be going back. I would recommend the boneless chicken kabobs and you have to try the chickpeas!Came here for a quick bite, ample parking space available for customers which is a rarity in philly city, had the kabob meal it was well cooked,spicy and tasty , would recommend if you are in a hurry near the city and hungry for a quick bite!Real hard time following directions, clearly stated no lettuce tomato or onions, but I guess it's very hard for you guys to follow directions smdh.I would give this place 3.5 stars. I came here with a friend and was pretty pleased with my experience. I ordered the lamb curry platter and he ordered the special, the chicken tikka masala platter. The food was ready almost instantly, and while at first I was surprised by the price ($11-13), it came with an enormous amount of food. A bowl of curry, a standard dinner-plate-sized tandoori nan, a side salad, a side dish, rice, and a free drink if you're a student (either mango juice or a soda--the mango juice seems small but it's pretty thick and absolutely delicious). Still thought it was overpriced though, given everything except the curry could not have cost that much.
Both curries were very good and eating them sent me back to my summer in India. The meat were fall-off-the-bone tender and juicy and very spicy! I thought the dal was just okay, and preferred my friend's eggplant side. The service was very helpful, and the environment was casual, comfortable, and very clean. I walked back home and was involuntarily sent into a very satisfying, two-hour-long food coma. Next time I'll have to try the kabobs!The cashier Samir was very knowledgable and attentive. It didn't hurt that he had super cool hair. Best Pakistani food in all of PA!!wowowow the service at this place (and the food too) blew me away!! 
I came here with a group of friends for a BYO. We were a decent sized party (maybe 7-8 people?) but we found a table waiting for us, having made a reservation ahead of time. The owner let us all grab complimentary drinks. After we each ordered and our plates were being prepared, each of us got a few small samples of extra sides that we were encouraged to try, for free. I thought the service was super accommodating (we stayed a little after the official closing time as well). 
The food spoke for itself too. I got the fried fish (which was tilapia), which was served, like the rest of the food, in huge portions. The bread was super soft and tasty, the fish was crunchy and nicely flavored, and the sides perfectly complemented the rest of the meal.
I will definitely, definitely come back here again and encourage others to come as well. This place isn't fancy by any means, but it's well worth a visit.So gooood! the kabobs are delicoius. My favorite is beef resham platter on a typical day. When we would go with a big group, we ordered a chicken karaihi which is soo good. Try their kashimi tea. It's delicious. Probably the best south asian/pakistani/indian restaurant in Philadelphia as most are gross.My friends and I were recommended to this hidden restaurant by a local.
Ambiance: 
From the outside, you would probably never think twice about going inside. It seriously looks like a trailer. Inside, the decor is very old fashion but does not have a cultural feel to it. 
Food:
Small Chicken Karahi- $24.00
My friend recommended this item because it is the "authentic" meal. The cashier said it would be ready in 30 minutes because everything is freshly prepared and cooked, but we only waited a total of 15 minutes.
This was phenomenally unique- it was great blend of spices and flavor.  
The fresh Oven-Baked Naan was warm and perfectly toasted. 
Overall: This was a fabulous cultural experience. The food was delicious.Food was ok. Long wait. After trying this place for the first time, I find myself loyal to Samson Kebab House.my friends and I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, so, we went on Saturday afternoon for a late lunch. it was crowded at 2pm! This restaurant is located inside an old  50's diner, which is really cool.
You go up to counter to order- my friend was disapointed you can only get certain items on certain days and her original dish (cauliflower and Potaoes) was not available on Sat so she ordered Kabob meal, which came with two veggie sides (today was spianch-potatoes and Chana Masala (chick peas), basmati rice, salad and a whole loaf of naan! I got the vegetarian platter which was the Spinach-potatoes, Chana Masala, Basmati rice, whole loaf of Naan. i also ordered a Veggie samosa - which was pre-cooked and reheated in the microwave - that was so-so. I also didn't particularly care for the added spice in Samosa - never have had one sooooo spicey before! 
All in all, it was tasty, filling meal and we will come back with more friends.The tandoori chicken is the best!  So yummy and the portions are quite generous.  DELICIOUS!Omg. The best Kati roll/paratha rolls I have ever had in my entire life. Service is slow so I recommend calling ahead and doing takeout but this place still get five starts because it's so damn good. My go to is the chicken paratha roll. Green sauce also really good!!One of my fav restaurants ever...best kebabs out there...so fresh tooo...
Try the Lamb Chops, Quail or the Beef Kebab. They pick up the fresh skewer from the fridge and throw it on the grill...can't beat that....
Also for a spicy kick, try the Chicken or Goat Karahi. It takes 30minutes notice to prepare this dish and is a great share dish...The kabobs are AMAZING!!
This is NOT the place to go to if you're looking for a place with great decor and ambiance. You only come here for the food... and it's well worth it. 
The portions are huge and all of the meat is so flavorful. Kabobeesh is definitely worth checking out...The kabobs  were great. Lamb was very tender and grilled  to perfection. The lamb kabobs  are probably  the best items on the menu. If you're  looking  for catering I'm sure the owner would give you a good deal since the kabobs were relatively  inexpensive. The ambiance  and atmosphere  is not the most inviting  though. Good food for takeout and share with friends in front  of a TV  screen.Chicken Karahi is beyond delicious! It's always juicy, you can taste and see shreds of fresh ginger. Naans are always fresh and hot. Kebabs are always juicy and yummyKabobeesh is delicious.  The nan is so good, not at all greasy.  They have all the raw kabobs on skewers in the deli case, so you see exactly what you're getting, which is a lot of food.
I had the fish curry which is only available on Mondays.  It was a big portion and came with lots of rice, side dishes (chick pea stuff and squash - both so good), and bread.  Definitely enough to share and only $10.
My sister had a salty lassi - weird but sort of good.
Go here it's the best!Good aunthentic food at a reasonable price... Plus a mango lassi that is just the right amount of mango vs yogurt. This is our new favorite place!On my recent trip to discover Philly, Yelp reviews convinced me to visit this old diner-trailer-restaurantish thingie like place.
Once you walk in you expect to see a some South Asian mobster sitting in the corner smoking a beedi (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beedi) and planning his next kidnapping but thank God that wasnt the case. The closest thing was watching a mobster on an old TV that was playing some bollywood movie with some mobster dude dancing around the city -- and let me tell you, he had the moves.
I went in there on a Friday night with a large group so we ordered quite a bit. We ordered Resham kababs, Biryani, Channa Masala, Chapli Kabab and Chicken Tikka Masala. We also had the green chutney and Naans. 
I thought the Chapli Kababs were better than Resham Kababs. Resham Kababs were kinda bland for me. Some in the group really enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala and how spicy it was. I thought it was spicy and "different" and really "oily". 
I also heard compliments on Biryani (which I didnt try). Chickpeas (or Channa Masala) was perfect. The service was slow because they were getting busier and busier as we were waiting and waiting. Naan were fresh and just perfect.
Other than the slow service and the ambiance, the food was pretty solid. I will probably return to this place on my next trip to Philly.Love it. I go to Kabobessh atleast once a week and sometimes more than once. Best Pakistani food I've ever had. I lived in Houston for a while and none of the restaurants their compares to the taste and the quality of the food at Kabobeesh. Try the Chicken Karahi and you will fall in love. Everything I've ordered from Kabobeesh has been great.Chicken resham roll is the way to go for me. $6 for a delectable chicken kabob meat on homemade roti with a zingy spicy green sauce and some veggies. It's a large, filling contraption. I also like their lamb kebob rolls and their platters that come with some excellent veggie sides. 
Over the last year or so Kabobeesh has really become one of our go-to places in West Philly/University City. I've introduced a bunch of my co-workers to it, and they absolutely love it now. My partner and I go tend to make it there once a week whenever we're over at her apartment in West Philly. I love the diner-y feel of it and the ability to sit outdoors and bask in the sun while devouring halal goodness. 
The place gets really busy around mealtimes, especially on weekends. Lots of families and such. Be warned. (But it's worth it!).If you compare kabobeesh to other late night spots its probably deserving of 5 stars but I usually come here during the day when I am craving Indian inspired food.  Their kabobs are delicious.  I have tried both resham chicken and beef and lamb however they do come out dry and some sort of sauce would take it next level.  The only major hang up I had was that they microwaved the biriyani which they hadn't made when I ordered and was preparig it while I was waiting at the counter.  Not the way I want to be served chicken biriyani.  Chicken karahi is good as well but for the amount and the price you pay its worth it only as a dine in option with friends.  Definitely a late night spot for me but lacks in some areas compared to their competitors.I've been in Philly for 2 years and I've been on the hunt for Halal food and don't know why I've never tried this place. I got the Lamb Kabob platter on a hot Ramadan night so I was starving. 
The lamb kabob was by far the best part of the dish. It was AMAZING chard on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. And well worth the $12. 
The rice and veggie sides however were very bland. I've never had pakistani or Indian rice this bland EVER. 
The samosas are very flavorful and delicious! lots of filling and great flavor and spice.
Don't let the price of the baklava fool you. Although the size was huge and for $1.50 sounded greta but it tastes old and store bought. 
Overall this place is not fancy or anything but the food is good and for authentic HALAL food well worth the price!I recently took some friends here who had their heart set on "falafel" but it was no where on the menu. What I thought was a mediterranean assortment was cleverly disguised by an "indian/pakistani" cuisine. 
I had the lamb kabob pierced by a metal skewer next to others that were strategically presented in a raw state inside a refrigerated display case. My hunch was that the food was displayed in this fashion to maintain the authenticity of the establishment's prized "genuine" indian cuisine. There was also a heated buffet that only those behind the counter could access. Food didn't take very long to prepare.
The best part of our meal was the round flatbread made fresh from a contraption operated by a man who took rounds of dough balls that were flattened and placed inside a well of a hot plate which cooked them through. 
The chickpeas and spinach with potatos that usually come with entree meals were on the hot and spicy side, but can be generally relieved with that amazing bread. Didn't try the desserts but I suspect that they weren't a big hit because I didn't see one person opt for any of the sweet treats.  As a side note, if you have a student I.D., you are entitled to one 12 oz. can of soda. 
So, if you want an authentic Indian meal with a humble setting and reasonable prices- then this place could be right for you. Would not recommend to a novice, but in case you are, prepare your palattes.Been coming here for a few years. My favorite place ever! Hands down the BEST paki food in philly! I live in the NE too bad they dont deliver that far... I would eat here everyday! Trust me you will love this place!The food is consistently of good quality and the service is always great. I would definitely recommend Kabobeesh if you're looking for a great meal.I have so many mixed feelings on this place, but in the end, they still earn a solid 3 stars.
Yes, they are difficult to deal with, yes they like to yell at you over the phone, yes they will occasionally be upset if you're using a credit card, and yes, sometimes some of their food isn't as fresh as it could be, but with the low prices they are charging, the paucity of the clientele they serve, and the difficulty of finding a good Pakistani restaurant anywhere (not just in Philly) they have been around long enough and dished out more than enough hot bbq and kabobs to make up for their short comings.
Keep in mind this isn't your average run of the mill lunch or dinner place. It's more of a shack type spot and while it's usually pretty clean, it may not be the right joint for you if you aren't down to eat at picnic tables and listen to Pakistani/Indian cable TV. 
They have great sides, great bbq, and just, well, pretty much great everything down to the sauces, samosas and drinks, as long as it's hot and fresh.  
I recommend pretty much anything off of the grill and the prices are all pretty even so if you come back more than once, try a few different things on the menu and you'll always still get the right quantity. And, if you don't finish your food, I will. 
This is our version of Tony Luke's. Enjoy.I've been here twice with friends who are obsessed with it and I genuinely wanted to like this place. It's very diner-y and not aesthetically pleasing indoors but it has outdoor benches outside which is nice. Service is fine. There is parking. My rating comes from the food itself... it's just not great. I've gotten the chicken tandoori platter and a paratha wrap. The sides for the chicken tandoori were very subpar. Iceberg lettuce mix, chickpeas, and a few other options, none of which looked or tasted good. The chicken itself was okay at best. Too much rice, and it was oily. The second time I came here I got sick after eating the food. 2/5Halal meat always taste better than the regular frozen/grocery shop meat. No Whole Foods or Wegmans can beat it. Period. 
Having said that, my friend and I wanted to try out this place and experience it first hand on how "special" they are. I follow Foursquare(https://foursquare.com) and Yelp for reviews and I know the Chicken Karahi is their specialty. Since the Chicken Karahi is cooked and served fresh, you would need to call the restaurant early...like 30 mins early, before you actually reach the restaurant. So, we called them up, ordered 1 Full portion of Chicken Karahi with 2 Butter Naan - it was 6:00PM and we reached close to 6:30. Asked them about my phone call order and I've been told to wait another ~10 minutes. 
Well, okay! I grabbed a bottle of soda and sat down with 2 Chicken Samosas. And boy were they good! Ten minutes into prelude and the glorious Chicken Karahi arrives in with the KARAHI (or wok) itself!! Grabbed the naans, the plates, the spoon, fork and dived into the kadai chicken...head first...almost. The flavor of freshly ground pepper, chopped onions, jalapenos and the chicken was overwhelming, in a good way obviously. I have had Chicken Karahi before but this, by far, was the best one. The chicken pieces were succulent and full of flavor from the spices. I ditched the spoon, fork and knife because I felt I wasn't doing justice to one of the best Chicken Karahi recipes - yep, I used my hands to eat! 
The Butter Naans: I swear those naans were just too good to be true. Best. Naans. Ever. Soft, delicious naan smeared with butter with the right amount of crisp on the skin just made my day. Wrapped up my awesome dinner with Kheer, which was equally amazing as the others. 
Ever since, I went there three times...for the same Chicken Karahi. Hah! I think I will go there again this week and try something different. Happy Eating!I just simply love this place.
Have been here over a dozen times.  Most of the times, I just get the resham beef platter.  On rare occasions, I've ordered the chapli kabob.
Best time to visit is late night - after a long day of studying in the library.
Here's a secret, and i'm not sure if we get this treatment cause we are repeat customers; but, going there late, you can usually ask them to replace the salad in the platter with any other veg dish AND ask for some extra gravy on your rice (free of charge).
Their salad is probably the worst part of their food.
Their Naan is simply the best I've ever had.
Students get a free can of soda with their platter.  Can't beat that deal.
If you are looking for a healthy or 'great' tasting meal, I doubt this is the place to go.
But, it does the job for late night desi food cravings on a budget.This place is a diamond in the ruff.  The staff is always friendly.  The food is consistently delicious.  There's always parking in their lot.  The price is reasonable considering the portions you get.  Truly one of my favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia.  Oh, if you're a student you get a free can of soda.Good authentic food. Do try. They have their own parking which is a big plus. Food is a bit oily by modern standards but otherwise it's very good.I've been wanting to try this place for quite some time now. As an Indian, I know Pakistani food is A-mazing. Their meats and spice mixes are exquisite. I have to say that this place did not disappoint.Very value for money. We ordered chicken kebabs, lamb kebabs, chicken biryani and lamb curry. Try different kebabs in your visit, you don't have to make a meal, ala carte skewers are good tasting options. Biryani was amazing, the spices were perfectly blended. They serve a veg dish with their meals which did not look too appealing to me. I ordered chapli kebab but they were out of beef which they told me about much towards the end of my meal. They did compensate by giving me chicken sheekh kebab on the house. Meal size is very big. It comes with naan, meat, rice and a side of vegetables. I'm giving one less star because they were out of a lot of things at just 1:30 pm.
Will definitely go back to try the much recommended chapli kebab.If you're looking for a Kabob, please try this place.  We tried the Lamb Kabob and lamb Chop Kabob but one of the best we have ever had.  The meat is Hallal , the place is clean, and the cashier was very kind.  We changed our order couple of times since we could not make up our mind, but he was very kind anyways.  Looks like a hang out for the locals and the Cab drivers (they know the best places to eat)..And after reading other reviews, I have to ask... what's with all these local college students raving about the food. When did 21 year old white college girls suddenly become connoisseurs of middle eastern food? It strikes me as the typical desire that young women have, to appear grown-up and sophisticated, and in this case... to have international palettes. But the truth is, they're only a few years removed from high-school cafeteria food. 
It's the pretentiousness of the gourmand in training. When all the Penn girls have graduated to nice homes and nicer restaurants, they can swap stories during their "girls night out" about the college places that were so good and authentic... and about the swarthy Arab guy behind the counter that checked them out... adding some spice that wasn't on the menu.
I'm all for fantasies, but I just can't come up with any myself to see beyond the obvious problems here. The place is crowded, dirty, has poor service, and poor attitude. And zero ambiance, unless you count dirty, crowded, and confusing as ambiance. Some might. Some might see crowded and dirty and think, "Arabian nights"... I don't know. There's no accounting for fantasies in a young girls mind.
The food is fine, but I've had equivalent from falafel vendors in New York. Enough said.I have had dinner here quite a few times and they serve the most delicious Non vegetarian food in university city. My favorite is the Chicken Kadai, takes around 25-30 mins but the wait is all worth it. The dish is good enough for 2-3 peopleI enjoyed an awesome meal, split with a friend, recently at Kabobeesh! This local jaunt appears to have been constructed inside an antique mobile home - complete with silver metal walls all around.
The food was delicious, and very authentic, served by people who can barely speak English. 
We shared one meal and a couple small-bite appetizers. This was perfect and we both left feeling satisfied for not too much cash. 
Though I'm not running back today, I would definitely return here.I hope the owners are reading this. I have been coming to this place for years and it has always been the best in town in terms of kabobs and Indian/Pakistani food. However, the last few times I have been there things have gotten progressively worse. I believe the owners son or young relative is running the kitchen and the nice man with the mustache is no longer at the counter. The food has gone way down hill. I had roti today that was uneatable. Kabobs were not great and portions smaller then usual. Lady at counter had no idea what she was doing and I sat there for 5 minutes while she Windexed the tables. They need to get their game in order or they will loose businesses including mine.We love Kabobeesh! Our favorite is the tandoori chicken dinner, which includes a piece of their delicious fresh-cooked nan, their buttery rice, and two of their spicy, saucy sides. It's really reasonably priced and totally delicious. A romantic restaurant this ain't-- I wouldn't take my parents here because they would probably think it was unsanitary. We've been going there for three years, though, and have never once gotten sick. They just don't put that much effort into decoration. The staff has always been friendly to us as well. I'd also recommend the veggie roll, which uses their vegetable patties that are basically the insides of a samosa fried up. Sooo delicious and cheap!First of all, the solid two points on here are merely just for the quality of food. I'm not one to ever review, but was just so disappointed by the $22 I spent here for getting kiddies meal that I had to write a review.
Ordered side orders of tandoori chicken, lamb chops and beef tikka but still left hungry. More like hangry. The quantity of food is so little, I get that it's "side order" but if they are charging $7 for each dish Id consider to get more than 3 pieces of beef boti and lamb chops. After asking the owner  to come over and look, his response was basically too bad and continues to tell my friend and I that he never heard that his quantity was ever an issue. Despite how good the food was, the attitude of the owner and his inability to understand our perspective is enough to keep me away.
Will save my appetite and money for a place that appreciates it more than how we just got treated.I ordered chicken biriani and it was the worst I've ever had. Unfortunately I was hungry and ate some of it. The rest went in the trash. It was old, no flavor just heat and it made me sick for 3 days! 
Never again and watch out and make sure the food is fresh! 
Never againKabobeesh is Philly's best known Pakistani restaurant.  Located in an old diner in University City, this is a popular place with Penn students as well as Pakistanis.  And why is this so?  Because the food is very good, the service friendly, and the prices extremely fair.  I recently enjoyed the Beef Resham platter here.  Resham is an Urdu word meaning 'silky' and this is a smooth dish.  For starters I ordered a Chicken samosa and a veggie cutlet.  However they did not turn out to be starters as they came after my entrée.  Oh well .... everyone is so friendly here it is easy to forgive this mistake and it worked out for the best as I could take them home to eat later.  Desert was Ras Malai.  If you don't know this desert, it is a tasty cheese and cream concoction. Kabobeesh is a good place to know about when hanging in University City.One of my favorite places to order out from in Philly. The lamb kebab is perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfect temperature. It drips with goodness and melts in your mouth and yes I am getting horny thinking about it. The chicken samosas are the neat crispy triangular kind, not the crumbling overstuffed monstrosities that Americans are used to. Portions are generous as well. Could not recommend more.Went here for lunch today and honestly some of the best food I've ever had! The portion sizes are huge, especially for the price! We will definitely be back very soon!The veggie roll/wrap that I ordered was just delicious. Its bang for the bucks.....very flavorful and filling. Good choices and decently prices. They also threw in a couple of other dishes for free with my order. Will definitely be a regular here.Food is served from a hot bar, not made to order. I tried three vegetable dishes, which were strangely oily and all tasted the same. Prices were high for a place that serves food on styrofoam with plastic utensils. An employee started sweeping right next to where I sat eating, then brought a huge bag of garbage out the front door. Not too classy.my favorite pakistani place these days. The fresh cooked items are the best especially the kababs, karahi, charga etc. The ready to go items are ok if you are in a hurry but usually made of 1/3rd oil.Nasty place with terrible food. Mix that with a bunch of desis who bring their crazy kids every where. I would never go back there again. I am a desi myself but this was one of the worst experience of my life.I was there and they had roaches traveling on the floor. I was very disappointed. 
No doubt the food is good but very dirty place.I go there with my freinds all the time, till I was at the bathroom and saw the guy that makes the bread leaving without washing his hand, I did confront the guy in front, and he did yell at him, but that doesn't mean he will clean his hand next time, the food is good but if it's going to get me sick, I don't want it.Well, despite the long gray hair baked into my naan, this place was pretty great. 
Gonna have to downgrade the rating based on that one. 
The Boyfriend and I had a lovely time chomping on the delicious rice, chick peas, and resham while playing Jeopardy with the other patrons. Seems like the regulars have been playing for a while and could easily won over the actual participants. Service was a little slow, but friendly. I'd definitely give it another try.So this might just be the best tasting Indian food joint in the city: Hands Down. Their chicken karahi is magical and too good to resist. The interior and decor is not that appealing so not an ideal place for a fancy dinner but the food is great. 
They have a wide variety of kabobs from lamb chicken beef and also pretty decent tandoori chicken. Furthermore, their naans are huge and they have these veggie wraps to cater to the vegetarian stragglers who have tagged along with meat eaters.
NOTE: Bring cash with you...Food is great.  I had lamb chops.  They were cooked as most Indian places cook meat - welllllllllllllll dooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnneeeeee.  But they were properly marinated in yogurt, were juicy and retained plenty flavor.
Wife had the tandori chicken and said it was pretty much the best she'd had.  Perfectly marinated and very juicy.
Looking in the kitchen, all Indian.  The people preparing the food being the from the place the food comes from is a huge plus as they know what it should be like.  
Very surreal experience as the place in like a 1940's diner type converted rail car.  Like the old school diners which are somehow disappearing.
The service was confusing and completely inefficient as some others have said.  That's why I give three stars.  It was very confusing ordering.  But, again, the food was great so we'll be back.A friend suggested this place to me. She said it was great and warned me that it was a LOT of food. We stopped by randomly one night and ordered a chicken kabob platter to share ($11). It took a pretty long time to get our order but when we got home and ate it, it was AWESOME. The chicken was so flavorfull and so tender. The rice was pretty good and I really enjoyed the chick peas side. The nan was SO good! We went back a few nights later because I was so happy with it. I called ahead and my food was ready when I got there. Perfect! BTW - I am not traditionally an Indian/Pakistani kind of eater but this may have turned me.A tiny restaurant that remained busy and packed the entire time I was there. It took awhile for the food to arrive but it was well worth it.
I started by asking if the chicken was spicy, and the manager at front gave me a free sample. It was absolutely delicious so I ordered a chicken kebab sandwich roll. This was one out of 1000 times ordering that I forget to mention my severe dairy allergy. When the sandwich came it was very clear that I could not eat it. I apologized profusely and explained my error and they were really polite and immediately offered to remake the sandwich at no charge. 
It was absolutely delicious, I'd never had anything like it.
SERIOUSLY, teensy, good businesses like this deserve your patronage!freshly grilled meats, but the sides are a little suspect. my wife loves chick peas, but couldn't touch her side of chick peas. the eggplant was okay. the basmati rice was above average. 
the best part was freshly baked naan!We visited kabobesh to try the authentic chicken Biriyani but we were truly disappointed. The taste was aweful.Discovered this place a few months ago and it's been one of our top places to order from. The meals are fantastic. Really good rice and vegetables. My wife loves the lamb chops, and I love the salmon. The naan is good but not great, and really the only thing keeping this from 5 stars.Went here again today and can't stress how amazing this place is. The warmth of the people who work there (owners?) just adds to the amazing-ness. I keep bringing friends/colleagues here when I can because I am in love. Such a unique space and delicious, warm food. LOVEI don't know about this place????? Crazy part is. It's always busy. Maybe its just me?
Here are some points of discomfort.
Food looks like its been sitting around long than it should.
(Somebody please stir the food!)
Cashier coughing or sneezing near the food. She covers her mouth. But, gawddamm! i don't like!
Undercooked or dry ass rice. WFT! How do you phuck up rice and sell it?
Potatoes and mix veggie
Chickpeas 
Veggie Cutlet
Fresh bread 
All was good. Not great but good.
This is why i say, "I don't know about this place" To better sum things up. If it's late and everything is closed. I have a crazy craving for Indian food. I'll go here for an after hour grub.Ah, the good ol' days of punk rockin' in UC. 
I'll always remember this place from when I lived nearby at 42nd and Sansom.
Pakistani food is strikingly similar to Indian food, but with more meat. Kobobeesh masterfully cooks meats to order and provides a choice of vegetable sides which are familiar for Indian foodies, but more flavorful than any of the Indian places around here. Chickpeas, lentils, eggplant etc are all here. There is also a vegetarian platter for those choosing to omit meat from their diet.
The lamb chops are perfectly charred and the quail is a tasty bargain (cheaper than many places that would serve quail). 
Kabobeesh offers lassi which is just sweet enough. It's not served icecold, though, a definite drawback.
Regardless of the lassi, Kobobeesh is certainly a diamond in the rough.Good chicken kabab(it's spelled kabab not kabob; if its Pakistani, as the menu says, then It's spelled with an 'a' not an 'o') and nice channa to go with it. Rice wasn't good at all. Naan was ok, they should have more variety, as in roghni etc 
Now to the rest of the stuff:
Confusing decor, what is it supposed to be? An amalgam of an American diner with Pakistani channel on the tv? If you wanna create an authentic atmosphere, at least go the full mile. 
The cleaners came on whilst we were eating. We were treated to looking at the trash as it was getting cleaned up. Yum, really nice for building up appetite. 
There was one poor guy who was doing three jobs: cooking, cashier, manager type. I felt sorry for him as he was doing the best he could. Maybe it was just our timing, but the place was a bit understaffed.Super laid back location with good food. I got the biryani yesterday. It was delicious and spiced well, but I was surprised by the bones. I enjoyed the side of spinach and potatoes and nan, too. 
Be aware that you order and pick-up your food at the counter -- no table service :) 
Would absolutely go back. There are a few delicious-looking options that take up to 55min to prepare. I'd love to try one of those options next time!
Bonus: free onsite parking lot!It looks like an old diner from the outside but it has gone through renovations recently. I have been coming here for years, and I recommend the tandoori chicken, resham chicken kabob, beef kabobs, and their Chicken Kadhai is just awesome (you have to order ahead of time). It's more of  pakistani joint than an Indian one, with pakistani tv channels playing in the background. It's different from the typical Indian restaurants, but definitely worth a try!Just to be clear the poor rating is not for the food; I have had the kabobs here few times and they are pretty good and the naan is excellent. 
Now the bad part; boyfriend and I walk in there and it's packed. Obviously I wasn't expecting good service cause this place is like a diner and most people just go here for take outs. So my boyfriend orders the food and the cashier lady literally just looks through him and asks me what we want. I speak Hindi which helped matters and my boyfriend is white; so read between the lines. 
The worst part isn't over; we waited for 40 mins and we did not get our food. So I walked up to one of the guys who was calling out the order numbers and asked about my order. He said he doesn't see it; I showed him the receipt. He said he ll have it ready in 15. I go back after 15 mins and they give me the WRONG order. I pointed that out and the guy just gets pissed and rolls his eyes at me. He says if you want to eat just take this order and it's on us. I was starving by then and we had movie tickets for a movie at Rave that was starting soon. 
The food was decent; I will not deny that and he did give our money back. But the people who work in this place have a terrible attitude. I must mention that the cook who works here has been around for a while and he is actually super nice. But he doesn't deal with customers any more; it's just these rude pissed off people who don't know the first thing about customer service.So the actual food I ate here (Chicken Roll and Lamb Roll) was quite good and had big portions. However, when we walked in and placed our order, I was quite apprehensive. The place itself was quite dingy and had a strange odor, the food in the display cases looked stale and it seemed like it had been left out for a long time. Decided to forego the curries and go with the rolls, which turned out pretty decent.If you haven't been here recently, you're in for a surprise.  I have yet to have a bad item.  Kabob rolls are on point and the karahi is amazing.
Owners are super nice and the service is great.Great Chicken Kabob. Better than some of those good restaurants. 
They grill it for you once you order so it takes a while to get your food. It can be long as 20 mins, so if you are in a hurry this is not your place.My brother and I was in Philly, so we looked through Halal restaurant then we found this Paki restaurant. Their food was alright but Samosas and Chia was amazing!I like it. I've been here often. 
I wish it were cheaper.
It's a little dingy. I like to eat and watch the playoffs here.I've been coming here for years and I can confidently say that these guys are consistent. The chicken and lamb kebab, the king fish (I think that's what its called), gyro, rolls are all great options. I've never gotten the curries as ever time I come here, I'm starving and don't feel like waiting 20-30 minutes although I'm sure its worth the wait!
There's a small parking lot in front or the restaurant but if you come here during lunch or the weekend good luck.
For someone who has never had Pakistani food, I would recommend getting one of their meals as you can get to sample a bit of everything - rice, naan, kebab, curry and salad. As far as drinks go, they have three coolers to the left when you walk in filled with water, soda and juices. I'm not sure if they make specialty drinks like lassi and milkshakes but I'll have to check next time I'm there. 
I heard or read somewhere they opened a second location. Not quite sure where.
And as for the owner or employee people are complaining about - hey it's Philadelphia, like any other city, you don't always get service with a smile but I can assure you that they take pride in what they do and will go above and beyond for their customers.Ordered a lamb kabob platter  for carry out . I noticed the order seemed short.  I asked the guy and he assured me everything was there.  Said it was all wrapped that's why the count was off.  The kabob is wrapped.  Once home I realized I was right .  No kabob.  Just sides .  Double check your order and do not trust what they sayHands down the best seekh kebab, chicken tandoori and chicken chargha that I have had outside of Pakistan. The side veges were nothing special and same with rice but the perfectly grilled meat, fresh naan, and fried chicken made up for that. Would highly recommend and will definitely be back!Dined in with friends on a late Friday night. Kabobs tastes very fresh. spacious sitting area with both indoor and outdoor tables. The stewed vegetable dish has some old okra in it that was chewy and not eatable. That was the only problem we came across.Great food, great prices, friendly staff, very authentic place. Very active on Friday and Saturday nights as well. Lots of seating and a comfortable area by the bakery for lounging. Must go visit.I ordered on uber eats, when I received a notification 40 minutes after placing my order it was stating my food has been delivered. Funny thing is I never received my food, called Kabobeesh and they told me "the driver was no show, so we sold your food", but they still charged me, so I have spent 1 hour on the phone with uber eats getting my money back. Kabobeesh could have notify me and cancel my order instead of charging me for it, your customer service is very terrible and unorganized.  
Folks the food is good there but customer service is terrible, there is always a long wait even if you place a pick order.I feel blessed to live within walking distance of this amazing foodery. Every time I go there, I'm like a kid in a candy store and start hopping up and down clapping my hands - probably to the annoyance of my friends.
I always go with the platter (what do they put in that rice? crack?) and by know have an idea of what I want. I've found that though the chicken curry is meh, dark meat curries are where the party is. 
To order: 
I inquire what curries they have that day since they may have goat which isn't on the menu.
If I can't get goat, I go with a beef (not ground, but tender, shredded beef is best) or lamb curry platter.
The side salad is a joke, so here's a secret: you can request a double serving of chickpeas instead of the salad and they will do it for free! The chickpeas are totally awesome, although they don't seem to be as good as they used to.
The naan is great without falling into the floppy trap a lot of other naan seems to. They make it fresh for you, so it comes out warm and delicious.
The platter is huge and well worth the $11+tax you pay. Make sure to take advantage of the free soda if you are a student.Unbelievable food. We had the lamb and chicken kabobs with the kulfi ice cream in the end. With the meal, you get bread, rice and option of veg or non veg curry. The portion sizes are enormous.  To top it all off the cost per meal is extremely economical. A meal will cost you around 12 dollars. The food is 5 stars and one of the best pakistani/indian food in town.
 The ambience is not so great. It looks like it was a former diner. The food is amazing and thats all I care about. If you want great Pakistani food in the Phili area, then this is the place to go. Highly recommended.Just excellent. Im Pakistani so I am always looking for a place they makes food like you find back home and this place is it, with the minor exception that the food could be spicier (but for that obviously YMMV).
Highly highly recommend anything off the grill and especially a fan of their chicken karahi (serves like 4 people).
The owners are two guys from Pakistan, extremely pleasant to all customers and provide top service.
Maybe only downfall is there is limited seating.
Just go and try it!I have been coming to this place for almost 2-3 years now and I absolutely love it. Food is always very fresh here. Very delicious. Prices are  reasonable too. They may not have the best interior design inside the restaurants but it makes up for it for their food. Also, a parking lot is rare find in metro city like Philly - huge plus. 
I have tried almost all their kabobs and my fav is tandoori Chkn kabab. All their kabobs are great. Please try the rasmalai and kheer. They are my fav. It's my go to place when I go Philly for some kabobs. 
Tip: if you have ordered Chkn kabob or tandoori kabob meal and wanna try another kabob, add Resham beef or Chkn kabob. They are only $2.75 a-la-carteBeen going there for yrs. Love the food. Biriyani is great. the inside needs to get a makeover asap, but its good overall.Kabobeesh, when'd you get ya face lift? I'm not around for a couple of months and gone is the silver diner car, replaced with a beige stucco kinda deally. Well, your outside has changed but it's what's inside that counts and you're still full of some great kebobs, Pakistani cookin, and tandoori deliciousness. Ahhh Kabobeesh is the beesht. 
This spot is a true favorite of ours, especially when we're driving back home from a Westerly ways in the middle of the night. There's paking, and there's a lot of eatin for around $11 up until 11 at night. By, "a lot of eatin," I mean that I always leave with leftovers, and I'm generally highly regarded as a lifelong member of the Clean Plate Club.
(Random Kabobeesh side-note factoid: The first time we ate a Kabobeesh they surprisingly had Sunday night football playing on the giant flat screen TV and we happened to be dining at the same time as a Cricket league all dressed in their whites. My husband had one conversation with one of these cricketers which rekindled his latent fascination with this sport and now we have Willow, the Cricket cable channel and a beach Cricket set for down the shore. Random Kabobeesh side-note factoid over.)
I really enjoy the flavorful grill-fired tender lamb and tasty chicken kabobs, but I think that their tandoori chicken is my favorite favorite. This bird is stained bright red on the outside and kissed with char, while inside is bright white, juicy and delicious chicken on the bone. It's served with the most excellent naan- really the greatest. You also get to choose your side vegetables. Now, sometimes you choose one side and have a salad bag salad as your other option, but other times we've been able to pick two of their sides- Not sure what the rules are bout this, but two veg sides always beats the bag.
And let is never be said that I am not one to appreciate a perfectly cooked chickpea. Kabobeesh's chana has never been mushy murk, in my experience. Instead the legumes are all incredibly in tact; firm plump fellas and all creamy inside, and swimming in well-spiced sauciness. I appreciate this!
This feast is the beesht.Definitely the best Pakistani food around. I've been eating here often for the past 3 years and from day 1, I knew the taxis in the parking lot were a good sign. 
I always order the chicken resham roll which I've never been unhappy with. Though there are a lot of halal options around (namely Shaban right across the street), I like Kabobeesh's rolls the best because their tandoori naan always tastes the best. It's fresh, just crispy enough, and extremely tasty. Ask for some extra green sauce and you won't be disappointed!The food is delicious and always fresh. The meat is halal, fresh, juicy and tender with just the right amount of seasonings.I don't think I've been into Kabobeesh since they made the move to this old diner, but I remember it as one of the best deals in Pakistani food around, and really one of the better kept secrets in the whole Indian-esq. super-genre.
Again, I'm working from memory here, but Kabobeesh used to make everything on its great old clay grill -- some of the best flat-breads around and outrageously good kabobs, spiced to bring tears to your eyes. Everything is priced foodies and Pakistanis on budgets.
The clientele, who crowd the place at lunch time to watch Pakistani/Middle-Eastern television, assures me that I'm getting a pretty authentic meal. And I used to leave the place absolutely full. Like full, full. As in, I didn't need to eat a meal for the rest of the day. I could just go home and go to sleep, like I do on Thanksgiving.Out of curiosity I stop in here after picking up dinner at Spice and Rice. The place looks like it was a dinner a long time ago serving up blue plate specials and now it is serving Pakistani food. Although it looks like a hole in the wall, everything is spotless and does not have that greasy sticky feel to it. The food looked good. Since already pick up food from Spice and Rice, decided will have to try it some other time. 
Went back recently and the food is better than SnR! This is what I had 
beef curry - very tasty and tender, on the spicy side
chicken kbob - well marinated and grilled just right, goes very well with the green source 
squash and potatoes - light, juicy and tasty, 
rice - good but not some thing to go gaga over
naan - fresh and chewy 
There are so many enticing items on the menu I can't wait.Driving by this place I remembered seeing them on Yelp and decided to give them a try. Omg!! I'm so glad I did. The chicken kabob chunks were huge, thoroughly seasoned and cooked to perfection. I also tried the resham beef which was superb. Though I'm not much of a red meat eater, the large juicy piece of ground meat had a mouthwatering mix of spices that I just couldn't resist. To top it all off, their green sauce really kicked things up a notch. If you're a lover of freshly grilled meats this is the place to be.I was pretty excited to try this place out after reading all the positive reviews, and ended up coming here on a weekday night with a friend. The decor is nothing special of course--the restaurant is basically a classic metal-clad diner with booths and a few tables inside. I got a meal of lamb chops, naan, salad and chickpeas, and also a soda--although the cashier was pretty confusing in terms of telling me which choices I was limited to, so I took something that looked small and inexpensive. The food took some time to be ready--the restaurant was hardly full, yet I waited probably 20 minutes or so. Everything is served in styrofoam containers, and all utensils/napkins/water is self-serve.
Of course none of this matters when you're at a divey place like Kabobeesh, so I was excited to finally try out the food. The lamb chops were just OK--a little bit too salty and greasy for my tastes, and just not enough meat. The beans weren't too bad, and the naan was good, very fresh and crispy. $12 is pretty reasonable for lamb chops IMO, but I was definitely expecting larger portion sizes as I finished my meal pretty quickly. Would be willing to try again sometime in the future and get something else on the menu, however.Much better the last couple of times out. Rice was fresh and well cooked.
Things to try:
Potatoes and mix veggie
Chickpeas 
Veggie Cutlet
Fresh breadHoly war on terror, Batman, that's a spicy meatball!  err... Resham kebab.  Fiery smoky kabobs grilled on swords and pikes, such delicious bread not to be missed from sub continental Muslim cousin of Hindu and a must for chili heads.  Curries come in one heat level: hot. Feel like quail or grilled lamb chops?  Beyond reasonable at $11 for 4 chops w/rice bread, salad and veggies.  They have daily specials sometimes, curried vegetables all the time and Paya, a gelatinous curry made of trotters on weekends. They even have a kid's menu. (WTF?) Not really a kid's place unless your kid is in Al Qaeda.  The legions of cabalist cabbies silently attest to its authenticity.  What with Pakistan the increasing new frontier/ epicenter of the war on terror ever get the feeling this is what Brighton Beach was like during the cold war or even what it's like today?  It's a hot zone in more ways then one.
I come for the kebabs I stay for the political intrigue but mostly for the lamb chops let's not forget the lamb chops.I really love this place. It's not the most aesthetically pleasing place, but it has it's own charm. But who cares, the food is great. I usually get something they've already made, but if that isn't looking good I go for the tandoori chicken skewer. Always amazing.Probably the Best Chicken tikka in town, little pricey but totally worth. Reshmi kabaabs are great and price wise resonable...
Highly recommend!I love this place. I have only tried the the Tandoori chicken meal but it is so flavorful and a great amount of food for 10.99 lol you can order online which I love and I enjoy the naan. The ambiance of the place is an old diner or train cart and they are always so pleasant. Also the chic pea side is soo yummy and I appreciate the salad side it just adds a refreshing kick to the balanced meal. Def try this placeAuthentic as hell. Not as spicy I was expecting, but definitely tasty! Typical pakistani paper plates and plastic utensil dive, but thats what makes these places fun! Looks like an old diner on the inside, but definitely not diner food! Cheap prices, filling food, and surprisingly a great crowd as well."I can't believe I've never reviewed this place" has been a running theme for me, lately.
I like pretty much every sandwich and grilled meat that this place has to offer, and they have a lot. The only thing I wish they did a little better was their sides, and in some cases their cooking times. The samosas have usually been sitting in the warmer for a while, so they're no longer crispy, and the rice and curried lentils and other things are all just aight. Again, the grill is where this place shines.
I've eaten in, and I've taken out, and I've learned that when I want some Kabobeesh, I call 30-45 minutes ahead to make sure whatever I'm getting is ready.
It's totally worth the wait, and it's damn cheap for what you get, but yeah - if you're hungry, you might want to get something in your stomach before coming here.There's a reason why the substantial parking lot of this run-down diner car is always filled with taxis. For good Middle Eastern/South/Central Asian (not sure exactly which region Pakistan is considered part of) food, follow the Middle Eastern/South/Central Asian cabbies. I know Pakistanis from New Jersey who gladly pay the $4 bridge toll to eat at this restaurant. 
I've tried just about everything here, and pretty much everything is solid. Some things are better than others, and some things (like salmon or chicken breast) can be a little dry at times. However, everything is really flavorful, and all the platters (~$11) come with rice, a huge slab of naan, a small serving of meh salad-from-a-bag and a veggie side. Each platter is a meal and a half for me. I'm partial to the lamb (both chops and kebab), the tandoori chicken is great, and their post-Ramadan whole fried chicken deal is pretty good. The spicy green sauce that comes with every platter is clutch, so ask for extra. 
For hearty homestyle Pakistani food-from-the-grill, Kabobeesh is the way to go.Yummmm. Came in around 4pm and the place was hopping. Lots of families. We ordered tons of food, not knowing that serving sides are big. One fish was a while chicken!! Overall super satisfying, diner atmosphere included.After another positive review from a friend, I had to give Kabobeesh another shot.  This time I ordered the popular chicken kabob roll.  An above average wait time is due to the meats and breads prepared on the fired up grill and clay oven, which provides a higher quality meal than the old Indian buffett dishes left for hours under a heat lamp.  Similar to the previous dining experience, I was impressed with the grilled chicken, but not with the ordinary bread and sauces.  Adding greens, carrots, and onions to the roll is a refreshing choice, but I felt cheated (and a bit disgusted) when I discovered the secret sauce is a dash of house seasoning with gobs of store-bought ranch dressing.  Also, the owner is not so much as charming as a harmless bigot, who insisted all Asians "look the same".In my opinion, portion sizes were good, but everything else was mediocre. The ambiance/bathroom offered no ostentation, and I wouldn't say they have the friendliest service either. We ordered the chicken curry meal and beef tikka for lunch, with meat and veggie samosas. It all took some time to come out so plan accordingly! Overall, I would say the food was decent, even though the samosas tasted somewhat stale.I come here often good food, but they changed the rice and the curry its not like before. And i just wish they use less spice.We were the only ones here when the place opened at 11..The good is amazingly delicious..Don't forget to try the kulfi!! It is ice cream..We ordered the Karahi gosht, fish fry, boneless chicken, and chicken kabobs. Great food! Good service. Definitely will come back again. Highly recommended.I should note that I ordered a vegetable special; the grilled meats might be tastier since that's their specialty. Specifically I ordered cauliflower and potatoes with naan. The cauliflower/potatoes did not have fresh spices and the texture was unpleasant, showing it'd been overcooked. I didn't finish it. The naan was fine but no better than you could get from the frozen section at a grocery store. Prices, location, and hours are good though. I might go again if I wanted kebabs.Don't expect anything fancy. It's an authentic Pakistani food spot. I don't understand some of the negative reviews. You are paying 10-12 dollars for an authentic bar bque, perfectly cooked and appropriately spiced food and still you are complaining. A perfect treat for your taste buds. I agree that the cleanliness could be questionable but the quality and the taste is just too good. Their chicken karahi is the best in the north east but takes about 30 mins. Their Naans are to die for. Highly recommended !!I definitely would go back.  I got the chicken kabob with the lentils as a side.  Their nan was awesome.  The consistency is somewhere between a pita and a nan - chewy and bready at the same time, if that makes sense.  The salad didn't really come with a dressing or anything and the rice we got was like a Mediterranean fried rice and noodle dish which I wasn't a fan of.  But all in all, it was pretty good.  I have had better experiences but if you're in the area, this would probably be the spot.I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. I ordered a chicken gyro with an extra tandoori naan. The gyro was quite good, but the naan was excellent. Others have described the feel of the place quite accurately, although I'd note that even though the decor is a bit divey it's still clean.
Next time I'll try some of the kabobs and could very well end up revising my review upward, although the platters are a bit pricey ($11-13 mostly, which is noteworthy given that most of the platter is filled by the sides).Tried pakistani food in philly, exvellent grill and fresh food, quick service and excellent blend of asian spices. Enjoyed the food.Delicious!  That's the bottom line at Kabobeesh.  We were spending the night at a nearby hotel and took to Yelp to find some place low budget to dine.  We arrived to find a clean, if a little dated, diner-style restaurant with plenty of space to eat.  The man at the counter took our order quickly and was friendly.  I had the lamp kabob and my companion had the chicken masala.  Both were wonderful, authentic, and pretty spicy.  The service was a tad slow--it took probably 20 minutes for our order to emerge, but once it hit the table, we were glad we waited.  Great experience!My boyfriend and I popped into Kabobeesh on a whim, motivated by tell of good eats. This place is pretty great! About $11 each got us platters of grilled, spiced Chicken Rasheem with rice, chana masala, eggplant curry, salad, freshly baked and buttered (well, ghee-ed?) naan, and raita for drizzling. Everything was delicious, and the portions were large enough that there were leftovers for lunch the next day. There was a bit of a wait time for the food, but that's because they don't start cooking it until you order (unless you are ordering from the buffet). Overall cleanliness was questionable, but no risk no reward, right? Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu! They have extensive dessert options, and I hear some of them are really hard to find state-side.We love this place! Great food, nice people, and you get a lot for your money. The last time we went, we got the Resham Chicken  and Chapli Kabob platters, they were great! We will continue to go back to this place frequently.Good outdoor seating. Nice place for late night dinner. Try the kadai lamb or chicken curry, love it!!An indication that a Middle Eastern joint will be good is when there is nothing but taxis in the parking lot.  I thought the food was great and the service was very friendly.  I will definitely be returning again.  I had the Lamb Kabob and a vegetable samosa.  My girlfriend got the chick peas and I was wishing that I got them too.I have been eating at Kabobeesh since they opened at their original location, and then later when they moved to the diner... I adore this place. 
My husband-in-training always gets the lamb kabob, which never fails to be tender and flavorful. 
I mix it up. I love the chicken wings, though a couple times they've overcooked them a little. When done right, though, which is most of the time, they're not only the cheapest thing on the menu, but a joy to eat... the marinate is spicy and the chicken is succulent. The Tandoori chicken is some of the best in the city, and believe me, I've eaten it all over West Philly and downtown. 
Sometimes I like to try the steam table items too -- the roasted chicken can be a little tough but the flavor is awesome. The goat curry is delicious. The chicken biryani is the most authentic I've had outside Hyderabad... but GODDAMN is it spicy. I have a pretty good spice tolerance, but I actually had to order extra white rice to mix in because it was blowing my head off. 
A couple of the side dishes are worth note too... especially the eggplant with potato. I had this last night and it almost eclipsed the lamb. Yum. 
A few notes about the reviews below: 
1) I have never, ever gotten ill eating here, in all the years eating, so maybe Willis Z just doesn't have much spice tolerance?
2) Willis Z had a delicious meal at Taco Bell? 
3) Not sure why Desi thinks they would be the "only game in town," as West Philly is loaded with restaurants... most are more Indian/other middle eastern than Pakistani, true, but I don't think that Kabobeesh could exactly rest on their laurels when people can get kabob and tandoori countless other places within a ten block radius. 
4) It is a hole in the wall, yes. But this is part of its charm, to my mind. Those who wish to pay more for less to get more glitter can feel free to head into town to any Steven Starr joint of their choosing. 
5) Overpriced... wow. I am not even sure we were at the same restaurant. 10-ish dollars for a heaping portion of rice, a large piece of naan, a generous side dish, a whole kabob/chicken leg (depending on what you order) and a salad is expensive? I usually have enough for dinner and lunch the next day. Where do YOU eat?People talk here about the decor.
I don't care about the decor as long as it's a clean place. It's like a mystical sofi place that looks poor but then you find the spiritual prize inside.
It's so oriental in the spirit which is like....a simple place around the corner in Cairo, Mumbay or Agra but has its own secret.
I was fooled by the look of the place too but I was blasted by the food quality.
Eating Kabab since my childhood since I was in Egypt and searching for middle eastern foods all over the east coast, I am telling this place is far superior to many of the fancy Mediterranean/middle eastern places I have been to.People may wonder why my yelp ratings distributions are so wonkily distributed, but it's because I tend to only review places I either really like or really hate..
That being said, Kabobeesh is one of my husband and my default places to eat. 
I recommend:
-chana (chickpeas) - a humble yet tasty preparation of chickpeas. I get this as a side every time, without fail. 
-lamb kabob
-Chicken karahi (order 20 minutes ahead)- full order for 3-4 people. I would love to try the lamb karahi some day (have had the chicken karahi thrice)
-lamb curry
-fish curry (quite spicy)
The bathroom and ambiance are divey, but food outweighs ambiance on all accounts, as far as I'm concerned. 
Tips: 
-Try to go when it's not as busy- the owner will be in a better mood!
-For a second vegetable side on your platter, ask to get a side in place of the salad
-Not all of the "daily meals" are served daily; your best bet is to see what is out front for the stews and curries. 
-Students get a free can of sodaI have been a loyal patron of Kabobeesh for many years. I've tried many other similar establishments and all I can say - Kabobeesh is the best! They capture authentic Pakistani flavors in their kabobs and curries. The "no frills" atmosphere makes complete sense when you understand their target audience, South Asians - this is normal to us! My favorite items are beef seekh kabobs,  tandoori chicken, and haleem. Chicken samosas are awesome too! I also appreciate the generously sized portions that have been enough to be devoured as left overs!One word I might use to describe this place would be "overrated."  It was okay, which is still better than almost okay.  If you don't mind excessive use of Styrofoam & plasticware maybe you'll find it more tolerable.  Inside, the place is run-down and partly self-service.   And it was a little off-putting to watch the person cleaning tables rinse her hands and wash rag under the drinking water dispenser.  Having said that, I would say the lamb kebabs were very good as was the bed of rice it was served on.  But the spinach was oily and over simmered; as was the chick pea dish and the squash 'consumme' was inedible.  And it all took an annoyingly long time to prepare (over 20 minutes).
And GF gave it one star.I have to rave again about Kabobeesh. Just went there again after a long absence, and it was even more delicious than I remembered. YUM.If you are someone that can't stand spicy food, its ok you can still eat here.  The only things I recommend is the CHICKEN KABOB not the other chicken, beef, or lamb options.  The lamb is really meaty so if you don't like that, don't get it.  The CHICKEN KABOB is the way to go.  Get a naan, and some rice and its delish.  Otherwise the other two meals we got, were too spicy. Even the veggie samosa had a kick to it.  When they say "medium spice" thats for the indopak taste bud...not the rest of the world taste bud.A friend took me to this restaurant and I can say I was pleased with the food. 
The place has a big parking lot,  not to big or not to small. You order your food, eat it and pay at the end. They take cash and credit cards. 
I got the chicken kebab meal which came with a side of veggies and salad and naan. The rice and naan were kinda bland which was fine with me because I got to dip it in  veggies sauce to seasoned it. The naan gets a  little tough if you don't eat it right away. My 4 big pieces of chicken kebab came with some green sauce which tasted wonderful together. The chicken was moist and  seasoned perfectly. 
The place could use some decors to brighten up ambiance. Prices are not to bad. The service and workers were friendly. 
I would come back here again.I don't know why it's taken a year to come and try this place that is a block away from where we live.
We've tried the local indian buffets (which have been pretty good), but I've missed fresh, good nan. Little did I know that it would be found so close.
We had their tandoori chicken, lamb kabob, potato, lentil and cauliflower veggies. All of it was really quite exceptional, especially the lamb kabob. 
If you can be patient and wait - ugh - sometimes a LONG time for your food, you will be very pleased with what you receive. Really really really good food for reasonable prices. 
Will be trying many other things here in the near future.A 1950s-vintage diner turned Pakistani restaurant, Kabobeesh is undoubtedly the best cheap-eats restaurant in the University City/nearer West Philly area.  The patrons are a mix of South Asian cab drivers, South Asian Penn students, and white West Philadelphians.  The interior is dominated by the big-screen Arabic satellite TV and overhead flourescents, although there are enough original chrome details from the joint's diner days to give it some charm.
I highly recommend the Resham Beef skewers, which you can get either as a bargain meal with rice, a side dish, and a fresh naan or a la carte.  They look like turds on a stick, but I doubt turds could ever taste this good.  Also, be sure to ask for extra green sauce, it's delicious.  The yellow lentils and the spinach are the two best sides, but the selection of sides seems to rotate and I'm not sure what the schedule is.  Whatever you get, be sure to try the oven-fresh naan--it's always hot hot hot, bubbly on the top and brushed with olive oil. Also, you can carry in beer here, which, as you might expect, goes wonderfully with this food.Several have commented on the ambiance of this place. If you are looking for white table cloth and fine china and obsequious wait staff, this place is not for you. If you are looking for a dive with character, friendly service, excellent food, and Bollywood as backdrop, you will get all the ambiance you need.
The food is excellent. The kabobs are grilled right there as you order them. That is part of why the service can be slow. This is a place to hang, not rush through your meal before getting to the  next thing that you have to rush through. The curries are nicely spiced. I especially liked the eggplant and potato. The naan is large and fluffy. The platters are a lot of food and the price is pretty cheap. The people running the place are friendly and helpful without being solicitous.This place is just epic. It is by far one of the best Indian BBQ I have had in the US and that's saying something! Portions are fair and sides are really good (all of them). Can't wait to try their biryani which is only there for one day I guess. I ordered the whole menu and so far my least favorite is the Salmon but everything else is just amazing. Highly recommended for BBQ lovers and fast Indo/Pak food! Also very fairly priced I think in comparison to other Indian places.
On a side note their delivery guy is an idiot, always gets lost and is late. Also whats the point of the tip if he doesn't come to your door?must go...authentic indian/pakistani food ....yeah with all the deep fried food and the heavy naans...the only place in philly that i know to be serving chai the indian style!!I came here for lunch one day with my boss, and it was delicious! I eat mostly vegetarian food, and they surprisingly had several options for me. I ordered a mixed veggie platter which came with a chickpea dish, an eggplant dish, and a mixed vegetable dish with a side of naan. The flavors were great, and I found it all delicious! It was so much food that I had to pack up half for lunch the next day. It definitely deserves its place on the "best eats for the buck list" from Forbes Magazine! http://www.forbes.com/sites/seaneichenberger/2011/07/15/best-eats-for-the-buck/3/get over the appearance, and enjoy the ambiance... the food is not americanized... you'll find over the course of several trips that most customers are regulars and will hang out for an hour after they eat... try everything, but the best bang for the buck is the vegetarian platter with nan... just drink water from the orange jug FREEE!!!!!!!I used to LOOOOOVE Kabobeesh. Any time I was in Philly, I had to stop at this place and stuff my face with just about everything on the menu. Sometimes multiple times in a weekend, and  always with at least 2 other people. We all loved it and left happy. So it really pains me to write this review, but I think this location of Kabobeesh has jumped the shark.
On a recent visit with my brother and husband, we found that the channa was universally oily and the haleem was swimming in oil. The naan...usually flavorful and light enough to make me glad I cheated on my limited carb diet...was tough and bland. As if that wasn't bad enough, it is clear that the restaurant has not been cleaned in possibly forever. I don't usually notice dust in restaurants, probably because I don't frequent dusty places. But if you care at all about such things, NEVER look up at the ceiling fan or look at the blinds in any of the windows. I made the mistake of looking at the fan and spent the rest of the time praying that none of the dust stalactites would fall off the fan and into the oil. Seriously...that fan is gross and should not be allowed over an eating area. Management, if you're reading this...please clean it!
I will try the other location of Kabobeesh on Roosevelt, but I won't be back to this one anytime soon.I came here and ordered the chicken kabob platter, which costs about $11 and comes with chicken kabob (you guessed it), rice, naan, side of your choice (I had mixed vegetables in curry), and a side of house salad. While $11 may not be cheap depending on your budget, it is certainly reasonably priced given the enormous portions. 
I thought everything was well flavored. This was my first time here and I would definitely come back. The atmosphere isn't the best but it's the food you come here for.Pretty good - depending on what you order.
I liked the tandoori chicken and what a call the beef Sikh kabob but they call the beef resham kabob.
On the weekends they have specials - and we tried the nihari and the Haleem. The nihari was good... It was interesting, because most places you go skimp on the meat and give you a huge bowl of sauce. Kabobeesh was the exact opposite. Tons of the nihari meat and very little sauce (which is how I prefer it, and how my wife hates it).
The Haleem was not very good, I've had much better. 
Lastly, we ordered chicken biryani for our son. It could have been good - but it tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. Maybe if it were fresh it would have been ok.I love their Resham chicken kebobs. The normal chicken kebobs are a close second. Meals and rolls/sandwiches are decently priced. And they are all delicious. I pick up food from here every few weeks if not sooner. And dine in with friends or family on occasions. The service is great and the staff is friendly. It's a family run joint with other staff that gets hired to work here. The restaurant is a bit beat up but nothing to be an eye sore. Average preparation time for two meals is 10 minutes. The meals come with rice, naan, salad and a choice of veggies in the side. Quite filling! 
Over all I would highly recommend this place over the neighboring kebob joints to anyone who likes kebobs and Indian/Pakistani cuisine.Place is crap now.. Worst desi food.. Specially lamb and beef.. Very unhygienic and poor customer service.The best place in philly to eat Indian/Pakistani food.My fav is Paya,Chana masala,seek kabab.
There food is always fresh and for reasonable price.For $11, you can get quite a lot of food. 
I got the chicken kabob meal, which comes with a large piece of naan, salad (cucumber, carrots, onions), rice, and a side of your choice. 
The naan was very yummy - crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The chicken kabob was also good - they cook it after you order. The salad isn't very fresh and the rice is a bit greasy. Other than that, I think it's standard for what you're paying for.If you don't mind the very non-fancy dining atmosphere, it's a great place! The food is fresh and delicious, the chicken tandoori was the best I've ever had, as was the lamb kebab and the naan. Very tasty and will definitely be back.If you're looking for a spiced meat coma, you will be sure to leave Kabobeesh with one. 
The Lahori Charga is worth four stars on its' own. It is wonderfully spiced and can easily feed three and the nan that comes with it is easily larger than your head (think dinner-plate-sized) and is noticeably fresh. The Lamb Kabobs are equally as delightful- as are most of the sides.
The "salad" is lackluster- iceberg lettuce with a scarce provision of cucumbers. 
Their Kashmiri Tea was disappointing. It lacked the level of spices in the rest of their offerings and when they say "garnished" with pistachios and almonds, they really mean "we're going to dump crushed up nuts into your tea". If you don't mind chewing your drink, it's fine. 
There is no decor to speak of, especially as the locale is what used to be a beat-down old diner, but the hand-written "advertisements" and well-used gatorade cooler for water make it oddly "authentic"-feeling. 
They do deliver, though I am not sure where to and the delivery fee is a measly $2 if you want to prepare yourself to indulge in the comfort of your own place.Nothing fancy restaurant wise, and I definitely wouldn't recommend this as a date place if you're trying to take her somewhere nice, but the food is really good, very fresh, and this place offers yummy, no frills good food.Love thus place, but ALWAYS....ALWAYS...ORDER THE PLATTERS. Otherwise you'll lose $$...I learned the hard way LOL
Lamb, King Fish are my favs!! A platter runs about $10.50 each!I came across Kabobeesh after checking out Toviah's for some good deals. Deciding that it was a day for trying new things, I stopped in to pick up some grub. It was a place that I had always wanted to try and had heard good things about. Housed in a diner that has been converted into a halal/Pakistani restaurant, the place's decor hasn't really changed since its days as a diner...except for the addition a heated food display and a giant TV that plays old Pakistani films. I think the mainly Muslim clientele speaks of the place's authenticity. After eating here, I now also know where several Philly cab drivers go for their mid-day break and meal.
As Kabobeesh specializes in kebabs, I opted for the lamb kebab platter. As I waited patiently for my food, I was entertained by a martial art fight scene from the Pakistani movie and a heated discussion between two elder gentlemen and a younger fellow. I only wish I could understand what the row was over. Anyways, it took them about 15 minutes to roast the skewer of lamb in their grill. The platter came with rice, a delicious warmed pita, salad, and one or two sides. I chose the spinach as my side.
The lamb was absolutely fantastic--roasted to perfection and seasoned perfectly. Even in its fully cooked state, each bite was tender and the lamb's flavor was fully brought out. In terms of the sides, the only thing that was really memorable was the absolute spiciness. After eating the spinach, I was sweating and had a runny nose. I couldn't even finish it... Even worse, while I was playing ice hockey about two hours later, I could still feel the lingering burn in my stomach.
The kebabs are hands down the best thing on their menu.My favorite thing in the world is eating Lahore Chargha from Kabobeesh. It's heaven. The halal chicken is served freshly cooked on a tray with fresh naan, a mint chutney with it, and a sprinkling of salad. You eat with your hands -- pull off a piece of naan, grab a piece of the chicken with the bread, maybe grab a little lettuce, and dip in the chutney. It's a little crunchy on the outside and juicy inside. This is not overdone -- it's supposed to be that way and it's addictive. We always order a few extra pieces of naan.
My husband is from a small village in Pakistan and said he thought the owner might be Bangladeshi but he said they make it just like in Pakistan. I could tell -- there's nothing like this anywhere in the whole area. About what people said about the samosas being dry.... I didn't find this to be the case at all but Kabobeesh makes homemade samosas while most of the places I've been to, just heat up commercial, packaged samosas and then add sauces on top... and I work in food. So if commercially-made samosas are what you're used to, you might not appreciate them when they're homemade.
I usually want to eat the vegetable side dishes but they've all been way, way too spicy for me so I really wish they could at least have a way to control the spiciness for those. They do tend to be oily but my husband said that's how they make it over there. The one I find we can eat (not too too spicy) is the peas and potatoes and it's very good. You can ask for more salad with the barbecue chicken if you can't eat the spicy vegetable side dishes.
I also always get a sweet lassi which is made like an authentic traditional lassi -- slightly sour and sweet. The first few times it was so good we ordered another one right away. The third time it was too sour, but these things happen when you're making homemade food in an authentic way. I don't mind if something isn't exactly perfect here and there.
Try the frozen kulfi for dessert! They also have other authentic Pakistani desserts.
I'm not usually one to care what a place looks like if the food is great but it could really use some brightening up. It's a little too dark, I dislike hearing television while eating, and a few times we've been there parents don't seem to do anything about their loud kids... and some of the patrons are super noisy too so I wish the people working there would tell them to be a little quieter so others could enjoy their meal... so expect to eat out-of-this-world chicken at a divey place... and you have to sort of compete for your place in line with taxi drivers who sometimes try to get in front of you... but the food is divine.Food is okay. There is no service. Pay and pick. The platter combination is a bit confusing. 
Little overpriced for the portion size and ambience. 
Kabab were decent.I think the kabobs are overpriced. I got the chicken kabob meal that came with 5 pieces of chicken, rice, one side and naan. It was pretty good but I wouldn't get it again for $13 especially since it's good that is so inexpensive to make.The food at Kabobeesh is delicious!
I tried the tandoori chicken and the lamb dishes. I am always satisfied with the service and the flavors of the food. I come home with a full belly and never need to eat anything else throughout the day. It is a bit expensive to eat everyday (meals are usually $10.00 to $12.00) but for the amount of food you receive it's definitely not disappointing. Also, be prepared to wait for your food for 15 to 20 minutes.You can get a small mango drink if you are a student. I mean it's close to Upenn, students live around this area, you can try it.
They over cooked the meat, it was nice at the first few bites especially I was hungry at that time, but you'll feel the hardness after a few more bites. Nang or the bread comes with the order, good trade for the rice if you are sick of the rice for one day.
The price's bit too expensive.The best Pakistani Barbeque you've never had.  The Lamb is freak-out good.  The chicken is really good too.  Nan is great.  Side dishes aren't that good but the meats and nan more than make up for it.
No-frills joint, but for the quality of food you're paying pennies so who cares about the decor.This place is great. This is the best Indian/Pakistani food I have ever had and I have had a decent amount of experience. The lamb kabob is just out of this world, freshly made and taste so good. The owner is so nice. He gave extra chicken curry and also extra spinach with potato because there was some confusion as to which side I want. I chatted with him for a bit, definitely someone u can a relationship with. My fav restaurant in Philadelphia for the ppl factor.I've had many kabob places in my yelp journey but this place didn't really hit it off for me.  I am use to hole in the walls and always believe these places will serve above average food as owner will concentrate on the food more than the decor.  However, I believe Kabobeesh  has all the right ingredients to execute a great Afgan kabob place (charcoal pit, types of spices used, and etc.) but it lacks several elements that makes this place stand out.  
I had the standard Chicken and Beef Resham.  The chicken was pretty bland and the beef was alittle too soft.  I think if they incorporated alittle more fat in their meat (and use a coarser grind), the consistency will be alittle more solid.  As a result, the meat was too rough leaving alot of spices and beef.  The ground beef skewer completely broke in several places signifying this.  
The sides were average.  I'll give them credit for making Indian/Pakistani/Afgan sides such as okra and yellow dal.  The okra was the best even though it had too much oil in there.  The spices was spiced just right.  I tasted the chilis, onions, and coriander.  However, the yellow dal was not cooked completely.  It was alittle too hard for my taste.  Either it was sitting there the entire day or it was not cooked enough.  I tried to squeeze some of the yellow peas and it was hard to break.  
Naan was average, but wasn't use to putting gee in there, especially so much!   
I think Kabobeesh attempts to make afgan style kabobs similar to the ones I've tried in Virginia.  But I may come back to try the lamb and tandoori chicken.  Lastly, I felt for $11 in such a competitive market, I thought I'll get more food.One of the places where I ate dinner lots of time. Like ti eat mutton and fish curry here. Fish curry is a special served on Mondays only. I will eat if i crave for the above two dishes..The food here is awesome!!!! I am allergic to tomatoes, if you haven't red before this is an ongoing issue and certain restaurants can care less and others are spot on helping me, so I tend to shy away from foods I don't really know. The gentleman there was extremely helpful with helping me to pick out foods that I can eat. Oh and LAMB!!! I love lamb and this was good lamb.This place is mighty good. Those kebabs are bangin, the sides are so spicy you'll cry. The naan is unbelievable!
They have raised thier prices about 50% in 2 1/2 years. Inflation sucks but it's not like I am getting more food than before. But honestly, you can get two meals out of one, so why not just share??
You and your lover can try to catch each other's spit on fire afterwards.Order ahead on the phone if you're picking up your order. Kebabs can take a bit of time to cook in the tandoor.worst food I have ever tasted in US. Maintenance is worst. we went for team lunch and none of them liked the food.WOW! I got the Chicken Kabob here and it is AMAZING! They barbecue and simmer it in spices and you get a lot of food for your money.  You get Naan, choice of two vegetables, and the portions are generous.  I only got take out so I cant speak much on the dining or the service, but the food is just awesome.Nothing beats a Lahore Chargha delivered to your door step piping fresh and hot out of the oven. After reading some of the reviews, I felt compelled to leave my own. I don't understand why some people would go to an old diner with a parking lot full of cabs and expect the ambiance of a 5 star restaurant or any sort of ambiance for that matter. I must admit that I really enjoyed the review knocking the place and the reviewers as Penn college girls living a fantasy lol... 
West Philly is a culinary heaven for the ethnic food aficionado and Kabobeesh is one of the staple destinations. In fairness some items on the menu are a bit lacking (e.g. side salad, lamb kabob) but that's ok with me because I don't order anything that isn't phenomenal. I base my review on how well the establishment caters to the needs of it's target audience (in this case a complete success). Personally I hate commercial style Asian (central/south) restaurants that are prevalent throughout University City because the flavors are always lacking... Sadly, there are very few places that make their foreign cuisine "back home" style which is a real shame.
Suggestion, if you so desperately need ambiance and food that caters specifically to your western pallet, go to New Delhi or another similar style restaurant. It will make you far more happier. I'm just giving fair warnin so you don't waste your pennies going someplace that doesn't suit you and further compels you to insult other the other reviewers who give positive feedback. 
-Content West Philly resident (aka affluent Penn student who's no stranger to 5 star elite dining)Wow...love this place . Great food , prices , local.  Could eat here every day.Best chicken Karahai in the city!! Cannot ask for anything better, love the chicken kabab too!This what you would call a gem in the city.  The only people that seem to know about it are the pakistanis and the cab drivers.  The food here is halal and always fresh.  I suggest getting anything off of the grill because it will be grilled that moment and served minutes later with a fresh naan that has melted butter on it along with two sides.    The flavor is will open you to a new world as if you are in Lahore because of the blaring tv  and also  its not about your comfort but about the quality of the food.  
The size of the kebabs have been getting smaller over the years but it will still fill you up, I've never been able to finish every morsel of food till this day so you will not be disappointed.  
For those who enjoy a strong cup of chai afterwards this is the place to go in the city.i LOVE this place. the food is delicious and cheap and there's a lot of it. the naan is fantastic, and the chutney that comes with the dish is great. there's a small menu, with some variation daily, but generally you get a main dish, plus a side, plus rice, plus salad. if you're looking for fancy salad, this is not your place -- just pale lettuce. but somehow, it goes just right with the yummy, spicy, deliciousness of the dinner. i can never finish the serving, so i always end up taking it home. i've never left disappointed!Everything everyone has written about Kabobeesh being authentic, spicy, a cabby hang out, having large portion sizes and I agree with. 
I just wanted to add that you can get a huge veggie wrap for 3.99 and I believe it is vegan.  Again, I warn you it is spicy.  
Finally, I wanted to just saying something about the big screen TV that is always playing Pakistani stuff--it's loud, people are watching it, commentating and reacting.  I've been known to love this and hate this, depending on my mood.  Also, the place is a little dirty, a little rough around the edges, not really the place to take a couple squares.  Which might be why I like it.
------
I recently went back here and got food poisoning.  So did my girlfriend. I think it is the mayo sauce they let sit out. That's all I could guess but I was vomiting for days. Just, FYI.Comparable to a Desi dhaba... Don't go on the looks of this place because the food is pretty darn good! 
When my GPS said, "arrived at destination" I was a bit confused - the place looked like a beat down old diner from the exterior. However, we ventured in and it smelled grillicious!!! Liked the chicken kabobs and the chickpeas. The Kashmiri chai was not bad either. I would have had the kulfi only if I had some space in my tummy. Next time I'm in Philly I'll definitely be stopping at this halal joint. :)I don't know what's the big deal with this place. I have heard many praises.The place is probably rehabbed from an old diner truck, but moderately clean and decent parking space (not easy to get in). I had chicken curry and some other meat curry. I must say the complexicity of spcies was definitely present. But it was filled with bones after bones. Also it was too salty for my taste. The aroma of curry was delightful, but there wasn't much to eat. I probably will try kebab and see if the place is stingy.Even if I did not live close to this place, I would still drive at least a half hour just to come here for lunch or dinner because the atmosphere and the food are excellent.  Frankly, from the outside this place does not look inviting, and if you're not familiar with the area, it is easy to miss.  On the inside, though, the place is bright, interesting, and my favorite part is the big TV.  There are pictures of menu items to make ordering easier, and a lot of the food is right there when you're ordering, so you see exactly what you're getting.  For a while I used to always get the veggie roll because it is delicious, a little spicy, and filling, and I knew I couldn't go wrong with it.  Recently I tried the lamb kabob.  WOW!  Delicious!  It is so tender and savory.  I still cannot get over the fact that this place is so little and inexpensive, but serves such delicious food, for which I could have easily paid so much more at some fancy place.  This is what I love about this place they keep it simple, affordable, and they really know how to knock your socks off with the food.I really love this place. It has a homey feel and great food. The people who own and run the place are super welcoming, want to please their customers, and are very thankful for the business. It is family friendly so bring your kids. There were at least four other families, some even with very small children when I went last. But my favorite part is really the food! The chicken kabob and the ground beef kabob are my favorite. The ground beef kabob has some extra green spice in it that makes it really unique and flavorful. Get these as a meal and they will come with two veggie sides, rice, and naan. It is likely you will have leftovers.
Oh yeah, I love that there is a parking lot and I gret a free drink (mango juice or soda) when I show my student ID.Besides Gin and name-that-tune, my favorite game to play is "How many cabs are in the Kabobeesh parking lot?" taught to me by my ace Kevin. The record, for folks out there playing at home, is 12.
Like Jon said, the cheaply priced food is very authentic. Inside, you will have an "Otis, my man!" moment, as I don't think since its relocation, this restaurant gets a lot of clientele like myself. No less, having never ventured deep into the menu, all I can tell you is the kabobs are proper, and it's a good place to eat in a part of town that doesn't have much middle ground with available parking. One of the last remaining diners of the area.I'm so glad I found this place again! A friend took me when I was visiting months ago and when I saw that distintive diner architecture today I stopped looking for the restaurant I was originally searching for and parked my car to go inside.
The platters are so delicious! There's nothing more delicious than meat on a stick.... every culture has a kebab of sorts and the middle east is no exception... mmm quail on a stick, mmm resham chicken.... lamb... mighty tasty! Their selection is great and everything I've tried has been fantastic
It's really a primo space too inside of a boxcar diner... They've got booths! I love booths!No frills Indian - Pakistani restaurant. This is the original location --- its a converted diner... not much of an ambiance but the food is good and you get lots of it. Check out the Lamb Kebab, Resham Beef, and Tandoori Chicken.
Open late when you need you curry fix. Better to eat there rather than take out or delivery.I haven't figured this place out yet.  I've had some stuff that's great, and other stuff that's okay.  
Resham Chicken & Beef were tasty.  Will get again.
Chicken kabob was tasty.
Lamb kabob was also tasty, but tougher.
Spinach & Eggplant dishes were both tasty.
Vegetable and Chicken Samosas are solid.
Chicken curry was just okay.  Wouldn't get it again -- they have better stuff here.
Chana (chickpeas) was okay.
Lahori Chargha (a whole grilled chicken) was okay. Not as flavourful as I was expecting given the Chicken kabob I'd had, and seemed overcooked.
I feel like I need to try more stuff here.  Once I was there, and the next table had a Karahi -- it looked pretty good.Tasty, reasonably prices, slightly long wait... Honestly, I don't have much more to say about Kabobeesh.  
The portions were fair.  The place is kept clean.  They also take credit which is a nice bonus for the area. As long as you don't go confusing it for a five-star restaurant, you'll probably be satisfied.  
If you come relatively hungry, you should be able to leave without much left on your plate. If you aren't in a major rush to eat and leave, you should be able to handle the service. I've tried the Lamb and the Chicken Kabobs, and a few of the sides (thinking the spicy cauliflower dish was my favorite), all solid choices.  I'm not in a rush to go back again, but do have it on my list to make a return trip...i love haider. he is the best. everyone should try this place just because of him and the great mango lassi he makes. also the malai tikka is pretty good. try that too.I've been going to Kabobeesh for almost two decades, and they are admirably consistent. The kabobs are good, but maybe avoid the white meat chicken, which can be dry, and go for the others, like lamb or chicken on the bone, or resham beef. Or better yet, go for the daily specials. The lamb curry is wonderful, Pakistani style, a pungent gravy and young lamb on the bone and with some degree of fat. Chick peas and a green salad make good sides. The rice is very good. Every plate comes with a fresh naan, glistening with butter (or not). 
It's a comfortable diner interior. Go, you will be pleased.Consistently delicious. We've been coming here for years (since before they moved around the corner to the current "diner" location with their own parking). The food quality has always been drool-worthy. Yes, you go up to the register and give your order. And yes, you're going to have to wait a while. But it's worth the wait. Just pick a table or booth, and get your plastic utensils and napkins. Chat with a friend while waiting. Be patient. 
Our favorites are resham chicken platter and chicken kabob platters (but all of the kebabs are yum). It'll come with a huge freshly made naan and 2 veggie curries (I highly recommend the chana!)... well, one slight negative. The sides are a little on the oily side, at least for me (not according to rest of my family or friends). That being said, it's countered by the delicious meat, naan, and the raita. Perfect little topper. If you don't see it out, ask for it. 
Be warned. The platters are HUGE. I've never been able to finish everything in one sitting. But that's ok. They'll give you a take-out container and boom! Delicious leftovers for later! That being said, we do get dessert. Their kheer is pretty good, but if they've made kulfi that day, ooooh, sugar rush. Oh, that's one thing I won't share.Open later than most restaurants in uc. I definitely will keep going there for the naan :)The tandoori chicken just about lived up to the hype, but overall, the dining experience wasn't worth writing home about, unless you enjoy greasy, greasy side dishes and stale naan.