Not even a one star. Soup was too salty and They charge me 20% tip without disclosure. Lady got emotional and was arguing they should charge 20% for group. Hilarious!grabbed some takeout from here. we eat a lot so we ordered a variety of rolls. everything is pretty fairly priced and the people were super nice. glad that we tried this place-we now have a takeout go-to (especially now that jay's sushi in center city closed).It's a nice little cozy place. It can get a little loud but I did like the food a lot. This is only my second time at a sushi restaurant but I love how the waiters seem nice . As I was leaving I did see a line out the door so it must be a fantastic place to eat .Woahhhh. Got the lunch special -3 rolls for about $11. AMAZING. great selection, fast friendly service. Delicious fish. A+Sooooo good never fail to be disappointed. They have such a good menu selection and they're service is great! My new go to sushi spot.Decent sushi place. Definitely recommend the fantasy roll and seaweed salad. Have a lot of different roll options and combination platters.Quiet location, came here with a group of friends and had great service.  Food was delicious and not too expensive!Had a little issue wit communication the second time ordering but was very happy with managements handling and assurance of the situation, quick delivery very affordable pricing and quality sushi will be my go to place from now onThree and half stars! Would order from here again. Placed the order at 7:40 and it was biked over at 8:15. Fab. Especially since I live like a 15 minute bike ride away. 
Sweet potato roll and shrimp tempura roll and yellowtail roll were all delish.I ordered takeout from here. I had a baby lobster roll, spicy tuna roll, and some nigiris. The price and portion was reasonable. The reason I rated this place 2 stars is because there were scales in my spicy tuna roll....umh... Why???? My first piece i felt something hard and i automatically knew it was scales so i spat it out. I tried 2 more pieces there were scales in there too. By now I'm m convinced the other pieces had scales too. Of course i didnt eat the rest of the rolls.  I dont know if the whole meal was unsatisfying or maybe the scales in the spicy tuna roll just turned me off. Dont know if I'll return but if i do i hopefully next time the chef will thouroughly clean the fish and leave out the scales.The sushi was ok. The prices were way too high for the quality. 1 adult and 1 toddler ate lunch for 40 dollars plus tip and we didn't order anything extravagant - hand roll, salmon sushi, maki rolls. I had a spider roll too and it had no flavor which was disappointing.Love this place. The sushi rice is perfect - and that really can make or break good sushi.Have only been here twice, but I just recently moved to the area. Was looking for a go-to sushi place, and I've definitely found that here. First time I was here, my friends and I were the only people in the whole place, which worried me, but all for not! Sushi was amazing, I don't see myself even trying another place. It's clean and not overcrowded. Have had 10+ different rolls from here, all amazing and fresh! The water doesn't taste like pond like most sushi places and I couldn't stop talking about how comfortable my chair was hahahaha. Have yet to try their bubble tea, I get that in China Town because I always forget it's offered here.Fresh and great tasting fish in Center City! The Sushi Roll Lunch Special cannot be beat and it's what brings me back again and  again. For $10.95, you get a choice of 3 standard rolls with a side of either miso soup or salad with ginger dressing (my fave)! 
The staff is friendly and speedy. Definitely worth a lunch time trip for either dine-in or take-out!
One suggestion: frequent customer punch card for people like me who would like to feel less guilty about frequent trips because I'm working towards that something free!Really a hole in the wall but a great find!! Several homeless people roaming around the area but this may be common for Philly....once inside the decor and ambiance is nice.  The sushi is fantastic for the price!! The waitress got our order wrong a few times but all is forgiven because the sushi was pretty good.  And for the price....you can't beat it!They lose three stars because they add a lot of water AND sugar to their "soy sauce".  What a cheap trick!  I ordered octopus, and it was not fresh.  Their agedashi tofu was incredibly bad and two other rolls I ordered were not fresh and lacking in flavor.  Honestly, I have been eating sushi since 1984 and this place was the worst I have ever had. (apart from Trader Joe's "sushi", but that's another story)
Anyhow, I just keep going back to eat at Aki. They never disappoint.The location is deceiving and not indicative of the quality of food at this restaurant.  I order the Godzilla and seafood dumplings (not actual name), and both were good.  Not you higher end quality sushi but good for the price.  I recommend going during the day as it's not in a good location.  Just my opinion as I'm not from a city as populated as Philly.  
Service was good, nothing to brag about or complain.  I ordered they brought it out correctly, minimal but respectful engagement from the staff.  
I would visit again if I'm back in philly on this side of town.My number one delivery spot. Kabuki is consistently fast, fresh, and delicious. The prices are great for what you get!I have been here for lunch and dinner both dine-in and delivery, that's how much I like this place!
They have an awesome lunch roll special, which is fantastic dining in or for delivery. We frequently will stop in on a whim for dinner since it's on our way home. We have been happy with the quality of the fish and will keep returning for more.Pretty decent place to get sushi in the neighborhood. Their regular rolls are good: spicy tuna, sweet potato, and their avocado and peanut rolls.  If you find yourself here, try their Godzilla and Crazy Friday roll. I've tried some of their appetizers as well--their vegetable tempura and calamari was just okay. I'm a little curious about their sushi pizza appetizer. Will try that next time I'm in.
It's a very small place so sometimes I'm shocked at how long it takes to get our food. They are also BYOB, which is a plus. Overall, there's not much to complain about this place. They have decent prices and decent food.Solid sushi. The dining room is a little small, but the fish is fresh with good roll combinations, the portions are good, and the price is reasonable.
We ordered the treasure boat for the table and then individual rolls (4 people) which worked out really well. The boat had a great selection and the rolls that come with it were tasty as well. 
Marriott roll was my favorite by far, followed by the mango dragon. All of the ingredients were very fresh and you could taste them in the rolls, as opposed to something singularly overpowering and everything else being filler. Tempura batter was also well done on the rolls with fried shrimp. 
Fried ice cream was excellent as well, will definitely get that again.
Overall, the rolls were well crafted and everything was fresh. I would come back.My coworkers and I get delivery from here pretty often. Everything is super fresh and you can't beat the lunch roll special - 3 rolls with miso soup or salad for $10.95. The amount is very filling so I usually have some left overI don't want to point fingers, but I had a severe stomachache after having some sushi here. I ordered the sushi lunch special (6pcs nigiri and 6pcs cali roll). The nigiri was fine, nothing outstanding, nothing terrible. The cali rolls were a bit too much cucumber vs avocado vs crab meat, to me.
I ordered to-go, and they were just incredibly swamped (came from a convention across the street).Delicious sushi,reasonable prices and excellent service. I highly recommend!  I came here for lunch on a Saturday and they have lunch specials. Get the sashimi.My friend works in the area and we eat here every time we get together for lunch.  We have found no reason to go elsewhere.  A big plus is that YELP usually offers a 10% discount.I loved sashimi appetizer, really fresh. You don't miss fried rice, it was very GOOD!!!Well, I thought my sushi place back home made the most delicious sushi. I was wrong. The sweet potato roll is to die for. The spicy salmon roll was amazing! Everything was so fresh! The prices were affordable and the service was kind. I noticed that many patrons were comfortable eating here alone and I think that's wonderful. The inside is rather small and casual so it's great for an individual who wants to sit down for a quick meal! It's also great for take out.A small but nice place for one or couples. Very close to City Hall. Bubble tea is highly recommended. I also ordered salmon bento box with California rolls, shaomai and salad in it. Enough for me and price is reasonable. As I remember the coconut bubble tea cost me $3.5 and salmon bento box less than $10.The sushi here is really delicious! I had the Alaska roll which had just the right balance of celery, salmon and avocado and the Best of the Best roll which was filled with lobster salad and cucumber and topped with seared salmon, spicy mayo and masago. It was slightly spicy and the salmon was really fresh! I also had the seaweed salad which came on top of cut celery- so my fav!!! I really like this place and want to go back. The staff is super friendly.This is a great place for sushi. Especially with all their choices. The servers are nice and attend to your needs. Worth the money for lunch special sushi. 18 rolls for only 10 dollars!!This was a half a block from the Marriott where I was staying, it's a small neat place.  I opted for take out which I ordered online. I had a bento box which was well prepared and nicely presented in a takeout container.  The staff was very nice and attentive.   Great choice if you are staying near the convention center.This place was so delicious, the food was fresh and definitely made to order. I ordered it online and it said 45 to 60 minutes. Our food was at our hotel door within 25 minutes. My only compliant is I requested two sets of chopsticks, received one so we had to take turns. Lol. It would be nice if the menu had detailed description for all of the sushi.Decided to grab some sushi in Philly and chose to go to Kabukiza Sushi, conveniently located near my hotel. Of course I had to try the signature of the city, the Philidelphia Roll, and grabbed one of the chefs specials, the Marriott Roll. Service was great, and pretty fast, and the sushi was delicately prepared and extremely delicious. Very fresh tasting and perfectly proportioned. Left feeling very satisfied and will surely return if I'm in Philly again. Price was decent, ate for under $20 and it was worth it.A short walk from the Loews Hotel. Huge selection of sushi at great prices. I ordered the Philadelphia roll and avocado/cucumber roll. They were delicious. The salmon was really fresh and thick. You get a lot of sushi for the price. The service was great, too. Definitely glad we stopped by for a nice, quiet meal on a rainy night.Terrific sushi and service! My colleague and I are in town for a conference and ate lunch here today. The whole place was packed (about 15 tables), and the restaurant's one server was ON POINT. We never once felt neglected, despite the crowd, and the sushi was great! We were on an abbreviated timetable, and she got us in and out in less than 25 minutes. Would totally go back.Fresh, good, not fishy smelling. The fried roll was awesome, maybe a little too much sauce. The other rolls were great also.  There was a couple at the next table who got a great presentation for their sushi - complete with light up sushi rolls and wine glasses.  Maybe you have to look like a couple to get that. Regardless I will totally come back here again!Nice low key atmosphere.  Only went for boba tea, which we enjoyed.  We'll have to try the sushi next time. The yelp pics look great!Good value, friendly and on-point service, and very fresh. Most surprising though was the tea, nice floral undertone that hit the spot on a cold day.We ordered from Kabuki tonight for dinner and we are satisfied customers!  We picked up our order and scarfed  down a kabuki roll, spider roll, charasi and two miso soups. We were very impressed!  Would highly recommend pick up or delivery from this spot! Everything was fresh and so tasty!  Mind you we live in east falls and made quite the trek to try Kabuki and we will be returning!!This is a great place for a quick jaunt if you are in the convention center, tired of convention food, and don't want to deal with the lunch crowds in Reading Terminal Market.
This is the kind of place you go to when you want some rolls for lunch and are already in the vicinity.  It is not a place you go out of your way for or go to for dinner when you have a sushi hankering.  It is clean, efficient, and the rolls are decent enough.  It is not great sushi, it will not blow you away, but nor is there anything wrong with it.  The prices are very reasonable, the sushi is on the smaller side.Came here to grab lunch. The place was empty which I did not take as a good sign. The sushi was just blah which really sucked because I was in the mood for it. First of all the selection isn't that great as in they don't have any really cool rolls. The rolls were smallish but the real thing that bothered me was that the fish inside the roll was a little dull looking. It felt like I was eating the leftovers which is what I really don't want at a sushi place. This place seems to have good reviews on yelp so maybe this is a one off but I will not be returning.There weren't many people when I wandered into this relatively new establishment. I was in Philly for work and decided to stop in. 
I was in Tokyo, Japan in December, which spoiled me on sushi, so it's been much harder to appreciate sushi in the U.S.
The place is relatively small, but probably suitable to the Chinatown / Convention Center neighborhoods. Wandered over after checking Foursquare and Yelp! for info on sushi places near my hotel. There's a small sushi bar area, and several tables. I took a table and was presented with a menu, the usual - water. 
I was very surprised to see they actually had two "chef's choice" "Omakase" options, so I took one and was not disappointed. For the price I got a variety of sashimi (thinly sliced fresh raw fish) and nagiri (the style of sushi typically of two pieces draped over a clump of rice). 
All of it was fresh and delicious. 
ありがとう, Kabukiza.Excellent sushi, excellent service -- staff apologized for making us wait 12 minutes on a busy Saturday night, which was not a long wait at all!Great sushi and so convenient! Staying around the corner and got a bite to eat.
Menu has a good selection but not overwhelming.Highly recommend the mango dragon roll. The sushi and sashimi were great. Nice staff, and the place is small and plates are well presented.Open at odd hours when other sushi places are not.  Over zealous staff to take your orders and par presentation.  
Decent sushi, an alternative to Mixx.  A - ok is all i can really say.Really disappointing experience at a $20 bento box which worth less than $5 ... Without mentioning that the food came an hour later ...
My friend has a salad that has freezing tomato, cabbage with ice. we also had California rolls that are worse than Panda Express. 
Not sure where these 5 star reviews are coming from. maybe I am having a bad day or they are having one.Love kabuki! Every time I'm in the area my boyfriend and I have to go. It's a nice place with great food. Very good deals for the lunch special. My boyfriend and I usually just split one lunch special(3 rolls and salad) and I get an extra side of fried rice. Thinking about it now makes me really hungry. Great place.Had it delivered to our hotel. They showed up early but the food was mediocre. The sushi was packaged with an ineffective piece of cardboard separating it from the hot soups so the $60 of sushi was seriously warm when I opened the bag. Fortunately had a fridge. 2 out of the 3 trays were still luke warm 10min later. Called the restaurant (before eating any, at 5min into the fridge) and they said to try it and let them know how it tasted?! Sushi shouldn't get hot unless it was made to be that way. Warming it up is going to affect the taste. They seemed willing to do something if I called back again but I repeatedly said that I had just paid for a big order (over $100) and the sushi arrived hot. I'm sorry, that's not acceptable. They should have just offered to bring us new sushi and I would have gladly given them back the 3 previous trays. Also, fyi, the tempura batter is the heaviest and some of the worst I have ever tasted. figured this review would be more effective in making my point than having them send over more sushi.The food was great! The waiters were very friendly, and the food calme in less than 15 minutes. I definitely recommend this place.You people are jokers with your 4 and 5 star reviews!  This is below-average sushi, even by Philadelphia standards.  The 4 rolls we ordered ranged from bland and flavorless to downright disgusting.   WTF?Really dislike this Sushi.
Poorly made. Barely had fish, instead, had a bunch of gooey thing inside with a tiny piece of fish.
Tasteless, which is a sham.Fantastic place to get quick and tasty sushi if you're staying in convention center nearby hotels. I get their 18-piece sashimi sampler quite a bit. As a health conscious person, I love that they've a sushi that is wrapped in cucumber and no rice. Would range five stars if they were more consistent with fatty Tuna sashimi aka carte as it sometimes gets cooked. It's a little hard to find cos it is on a side street with not a lot of foot traffic.Decent sushi for a good price...restaurant is a little cramped and rundown, but quiet and the staff is very friendly.Oh my goodness!! Had the black dragon roll and was heavenly delicious, couldn't stop, it's a must have, the place is tiny so be prepared if you feel claustrophobia hehe the tea was not super good but it was niCame back today with friends and family. They all love this place, price and of course the food! We had sushi lunch, chicken teriyaki bento and beef hibachi! It was all excellent!This is my favorite Sushi place ever! Always polite, food is always fresh. I love this place. They have great lunch specials, however, even if you don't order on the lunch menu they still have excellent prices. Nice quaint place(not too small, not too big) i never eat in since i Work close but i am there quite often. Also, there is a 10% discount if you use cash that's awesome as well!This place has good sushi for a better price. Limited seating, but I've called ahead and made a reservation for 12. They also serve bubble tea which is my favorite nonalcoholic beverage.I just had lunch here and everything was fantastic! The staff were friendly, service was quick, everything was clean, and most importantly of all the food was delicious! Their miso soup was really great and all of the sushi rolls I ordered were very tasty. I think the spicy tuna roll was my favorite and I will definitely be coming here again the next time I'm in the area.I don't remember the name of my favorite Sushi Roll. I'll let you know when I'm there tonight.My to go sushi spot in Philadelphia. Staffs are friendly, place is cozy, and the food is fresh and delicious!! Better than those other sushi place near Philadelphia ChinatownThis place is fantastic! The service is both friendly and fast. Most importantly the fish is extremely fresh. Try the Thai or lychee teas! Great place for the family!It's very clean comfortable cozy restaurant. Well decorated and well maintained. Even better very talented people running it and working. Food was excellent, service was perfect. Can't go wrong.Kabuki gets points for being on grubhub with a $1 delivery charge, but the quality of the food is definitely NOT worthy of it's current 4.5 yelp star average. Seriously, what the hell??
I got a spicy tuna roll & a New York roll.  The fish in each roll was minced (even the tuna that topped the New York roll), not a whole chunk or slice. The spicy tuna & avocado tartar was alright but it was the same minced tuna that was in the rolls.  Everything had a bit too much spicy mayo. Minced fish mixed with spicy mayo both in & on top of a roll suggests that they're trying to mask poorly cut or not so great quality fish. 
My food tasted ever so slightly fishy. I woke up hours later with some GI issues. I don't know how this below average sushi joint has so many great reviews.We were in town for a dance convention and my daughter loves sushi.  Our order was delivered fast and everything was delicious!!  Sushi was fresh and tasty!  Highly recommend.Always order take out or delivery from this place cuz it's close to my working place. Pretty convenient and the order was processed fast. The lunch special sushi is well worth the price, but wouldn't recommend the udon noodle soup.Quaint sushi joint near Reading Terminal, good for takeout and dine in, perfect for satisfying my lunchtime sushi cravings. 
Note: Check your takeout order before leaving; I've been given the wrong order twice.Decent atmosphere :)) and Sushi pizza is the Best !! I had lunch special, I don't like the bento box, it has lots of fried food:((This sushi place is fast! If you're looking for a quick meal we ate our sushi in 13 minutes! Crazy fast.
We got the miso soup and avocado mango salad. The mangos were so fresh and the avocado ripe as can be. 
Then we got some sushi. The kabuki roll was good. Lots of flavor and very tasty.
The New York was hands down our favorite. Lots of spicy tuna on the inside then raw tuna on top. So delicious. Highly recommend. 
The sexy lady roll leaves some to be desired. Ahi tuna was good but flavor was a lacking something.
Philadelphia roll was good. Standard fair. 
Would highly recommend if you're on a crunch for time and need to move on quickly. Came in at 8:30 on a Saturday and it was practically empty.I was walking around China Town with a friend and wanted to have good sushi so I Yelped for sushi. Found this place with 4.5 stars. I had to try it out. I ordered the Shrimp Tempura Roll and the Black Dragon Roll. As I placed the first piece in my mouth, I had a food orgasm. It was sooo good! It was warm and you can taste all the textures and flavors. I wished I lived nearby, I would revisit often.Great quick hit sushi in downtown Philly.
Nothing fancy about this place but its open late and you are in and out FAST.
Sushi was good.
I work in Philadelphia a lot and although I don't live there I eat at this place frequently because its convenient, fast, and good. 
Usually you have to pick any two of those things.
I usually get it to take away to my hotel (they also deliver but I stop on my way from job site to hotel).
The only reason I did not give 5 stars is if you do choose to eat there, its tiny and not much room, people usually bumping into you to maneuver the room.
Otherwise this place is rock solid.Great spot for a weekday lunch. Three sushi rolls and a delicious bubble tea for under 15 bucks. Bonus points for the 10% off with a Yelp check-in! I only wish that the lunch side salad was more than just 2 pieces of iceberg lettuce (however, the ginger dressing made the small size worth it) I will definitely be back, but probably just as a lunch spot, there are just so many other options in the city that, in my opinion, are much better. Still loved it though!I love kabuki -Great service great sushi and fish are super fresh. We order kabuki love boat and Black dragon roll  really delicious .They also have lunch special only $11.50 u can choose 3 full roll and comes with soup or salad really fill me up. The restaurant is nice and clean. I will definitely be back.Neither the salad nor (and more importantly) the sushi was fresh. Almost had a feel as if they were made from before and were sitting in the fridge to be served expeditiously. Environment is not authentic, food is subpar and I deeply regret reading only the first review on yelp before going there. I guess I was craving it so bad. I don't think this is a one-off incident. As a former restaurateur, I have developed enough insight to be able to tell if a place has a mindset problem. It's much harder to fix than it is to fix bad food.
PS: being right around the corner from giant hotels means that there's a constant circulation and they don't have to put up with disappointed visitors who are gone in a few days. There's a steady supply of new victims.I love this place a lot, been here multiple times and gets better each time. Their fantasy and Godzilla rolls are amazing. Located right next to my hotel, my go to spot every time I come here for business.I've eaten here and had delivery from here a few times now. The sushi has always been very fresh and deliciousThis place rocks! Never having been here before I was searching for sushi places with great ratings. This didn't disappoint. The place wasn't picked, which is a shocker for how good and fresh the sushi was. The service was quick and the food came in just minutes. The fish was fresh and the ratio of rice-to-fish was just right. Some places overload the rice to make up for less fish or poor quality. Totally not the case here, it was just right! I will definitely visit here again when in the city!We were here for lunch. We had a chicken katsu lunch box which was ok and 3 rolls from lunch special. The spicy salmon and eel avocado roll was GREAT. The Asashi roll was not good. It was a total of 24$. The service was GREAT.. the waitress was really attentive.This review is based on my delivery order through GrubHub...
We ordered 5 rolls online, just standard like Alaska roll, Philly Roll, Spicy Tuna, etc.. and they arrived really quickly. When we opened them up I was shocked at how much there actually was! 
Each roll was like 7-8 pieces, so they were a little smaller (which I prefer cause you can fit one whole piece in your mouth) and there were a ton of pieces. I only got 2 of the rolls and was full at the 1.5 mark. 
The roll was fresh and they let me substitute white tuna for regular tuna (if you have never tried white tuna, its glorious!). I didn't even mind paying the $1.00 delivery fee!Fresh and tasty! Excellent presentation and friendly service. Bring your own wine! I will come here again when in Philly!The food was good but I found out they use MSG so the waiter had mine redone. They were not outstanding and I do feel there are better places to try
Since they were so nice I would say give them another chanceA group of 7 of us ordered this for delivery thinking that it would be good with a 4-star rating. All of us are in agreement that the sushi is very average (at best). My rolls were around $13 each and very lame, lacking any good flavor (the best part was the spicy mayo on the side and made the food tolerable). The cheaper regular rolls were also not very good. E.g., my friend said his Philly Roll had very tasteless cream cheese. A sushi place in Philly should be able to make a half-decent Philly Roll. Even something as simple as edamame was sub-par. We had sushi delivery several times from other places (which are even worse rated on Yelp) and had a much better experience.What a find close to our hotel in Philadelphia!  Fresh, friendly service, unpretentious. A go-to place!Came here on a Saturday night. Here are the things that my girlfriend and I ordered:
Appetizers: 3/5
-Shrimp Shumai: Average; about as good as frozen shumai from an asian supermarket.
-Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura: Decent; the tempura wasn't as crisp as we had hoped, but was still flavorful.
-Agedashi Tofu: Excellent. Tofu was fried to a crisp; the sweet sesame sauce drizzled on top made this pretty awesome. It was a pretty big portion for the price.
-Miso Soup: Comparable to other miso soups that I have had.
Hand Rolls: 4.5/5
Our rolls came on a large plate and presentation looked incredible.
California roll: 8 pieces, and tasted fresh and delicious.
Spicy tuna roll: Good as well.
Futomaki: Awesome. 
Not sure what else to say about these rolls; they were delicious.
Signature Rolls: 4.5/5
Gorilla roll: Salmon, avocado and crabmeat deep-fried into a roll, then covered with spicy tuna, eel sauce, and spicy mayo. It was a party in our mouths. I'm getting these the next time I come.
Drinks: 4/5
We ordered Honeydew and Mango with lychee jelly. Wasn't real fruit, of course, but still was refreshing. The lychee jelly was especially good.
Service: 5/5
The service staff was friendly, helpful, patient, and attentive.
OVERALL: 4/5
This joint has decent prices and pretty good fare. I'll definitely be back. 
Protip: If you check in on Yelp, you get 10% off your check! Yay!I'm going to have to agree with Amalia Y.'s review that the sushi has a good rice to filling ratio, but might be a bit on the pricier side for Philly. 
I came in very hungry after work one day to satisfy a sushi craving. When I opened the menu, I was greeted a decent selection of appetizers, salads, sushi, and desserts. While the menu was not the most extensive one I've seen, it featured some pretty creative options. 
Two interesting items that caught my eye were the mango & avocado salad, and the wasabi shumai. I decided to start out with those. However, I was greatly disappointed because the shumai was very mushy, the filling was not very flavorful, and the green colored, wasabi-flavored shell did not really add much to the overall taste and quality of the food. The dipping sauce for it also didn't taste like anything. 
Similarly, the mango and avocado salad was very lackluster. Although it came with fresh slices of mango and avocado, these were laid on top of a bed of flavorless iceberg lettuce and came with a side of flavorless creamy dressing. 
Sushi-wise, I went with the Pink Lady roll, which was very pretty, very fresh, and very delicious. I would have preferred it with a bit more texture and flavor (perhaps by addition of sauce or other topping), but the rice to filling ration was very important here, and it seems they had it right. 
As for dessert, unfortunately the tempura battered red bean ice cream was extremely difficult to swallow. While there was not anything particularly bad about the taste, the combination of the tough texture of the ice cream with chunks of red bean combined with the cold, soggy, and dough-y shell really did not make its way down my throat easily. I blame myself for making a poor dessert choice, but at the same time, I'm not sure this is something that should be served to the public. 
Despite its proximity to City Hall and busy surrounding areas, the restaurant is tucked on a surprisingly quiet stretch of 13th Street, off the beaten path between Filbert and Arch. As a result, it was easy for me to find a seat, and the service was very friendly. Overall, this is not a place for a magical sushi experience along the lines of Zama, Doma, or Fat Salmon, but it's a pretty solid place for good quality sushi in a casual setting.My boyfriend and I were joined by his college friends to both celebrate his birthday and for me to load up on sushi before the marathon. Photos on here looked great and the prices we saw were the best of the many sushi places we considered so we picked Kabuki. While the sushi tasted ok, the service was lackluster, the prices several dollars higher and the pieces smaller than my tiny pinky.
2.5 stars.
I ordered the salmon and tuna dinner. I saw a photo of this meal on yelp and the pieces looked decent and the roll reasonable. The price in the restaurant was 2 dollars more and the sushi was the smallest I've ever seen. I'm a tiny woman but if the fish is smaller than my pinky you're not doing it right. The salmon avocado roll was  also small but luckily had a good fish to avocado ratio. The rice was unseasoned under the sushi. The roll's nori also tasted off. The fish itself tasted great.
A friend got the chicken teriyaki and it was a decent size. My boyfriend and his other friend got special rolls that apparently were tasty but again super tiny portions. No one at my table complained about the taste...just the size. Also they all ordered sodas which not only came in cans but charged 2.25 per can.
I was still hungry so I had to order more food. Because of the marathon, I wanted to stick to just tuna and salmon. I asked our waitress if I could get a sushi appetizer, which already came with a piece of tuna and salmon, if the other 3 pieces could be a mix of tuna and salmon. She rudely scoffed at such a proposal and told me I'd have to buy pieces a la cart which were super pricey here. Her service the whole time was unfriendly and unresponsive and it took over 20 minutes to get my extra 2 rolls I had to order due to their terribly small pieces of sushi. 
While I can recommend their fish I cannot recommend this place for value or friendly service. We will try another sushi place next time we go to Philly.We ordered delivery. It came quickly, but with the exception of a special roll my husband liked, the sushi rolls were particularly mediocre. But, our bugger concern was order accuracy. They sent an avocado salad instead of seaweed salad. Additionally, we had asked that they package the fish sushi in one box and the veggie sushi in another (as I don't eat fish).  Instead of this, they mixed all the rolls up together. We did not call and complain (as we couldn't wait for them to fix it) and so do not know how they would have responded to these problems. We probably won't try them again though.Okay sushi. Frozen deep fried calamari. Radio playing commercials. Inexperienced kitchen. One sweet waiter.  
Tip: stick to take out and special rolls. Use the Yelp coupon.I ordered takeout. Got the sashimi and sushi combo. They added soup and salad which was nice. Everything was delicious. If you have time eat in.Great food great people and restaurant very nice. Would highly recommend to those visiting phili.After a slow morning at jury selection, I was ready for a lunch break, but didn't want to face the crowds of Reading Terminal Market. Lucky for me, Kabuki was conveniently located across the street and was offering lunch specials.
While the place was very quiet (only 1 other patron from 11:30am-12:30pm on a Tuesday), the fish was fresh and the service was very friendly. I found the rice and nori (seaweed) to be just a little chewy. Consider Kabuki next time you're in the area and want something different from the RTM scene.We went here because it had a 4 star rating from a lot of people, but we were very disappointed. We were asked 3 times in the first minute if we were ready to order, but we had to ask for them to bring us water. We ordered the sashimi deluxe plate - the fish itself was not dry and not fresh, and they gave only a cup of rice for the whole plate. When they refilled water, after we had to ask for it, they didn't add anymore ice or anything. The tapioca balls in the bubble tea were just big clumps at the bottom of the glass. The rolls we got just had the sauce unevenly splattered and weren't good quality. Overall bad service and mediocre sushi.Babies screaming, parties of 8 shoved in like sardines, sushi bar right next to the freezing front door. Kinda dumpy. Very poor service. Sushi was just ok. Miso soup was good. Won't be returning.Went for a walk looking for a place to eat dinner.  Found Kabuki, and it was excellent.  The service and food were great.I have to bring Kabuki down a star. To 3.5 really. It's no longer my first choice for sushi, as I've found better quality for better prices elsewhere. 
I decided to order today, and while 50% of the rolls were delicious, the other 50% were too fishy tasting, and needed wasabi and soy sauce to hide the flavor. Salmon is my absolute favorite, and even that I felt disappointed in. It was solid pink fish with no marbling whatsoever. 
Maybe they changed suppliers or just got a subpar delivery.Fantastic food, me and my girlfriend go here all the time. We usually split the lunch special and a side of fried rice. The bill is under $15 for great sushi.Not bad sushi. Took almost an hour and a half to get here. Was warm when I got it, and was one block out of their delivery radius and was charge $6 for delivery. Probably won't be backHad a great experience ordering in from here! I ordered ahead of time on yelp and the delivery came right on time. Everything was fresh, flavorful and all we could have hoped for. We had the tuna pizza (a must try!), the pink lady roll, the kabuki roll and the fantasy roll. I would recommend everything, but the pink lady roll was especially good because it is a little bit more simple and you can really taste how fresh the fish was. Will definitely be coming back for more!This place pleasantly surprised me.
Things can be touch-and-go with any establishment, here on this sketchy side of town, sandwiched between a courthouse full of neerdowells to the west, and a 'gallery' peppered with vagabonds and drug addicts to the east.
Nonetheless, the service here was extremely pleasant and the ambiance felt sleek, clean and professional. This spot has excellent prices, too  -- a three-roll lunch combo with soup or salad goes for $10.95. The food is fresh, bright and tastes quite good.
Based on value, presentation and service, I wouldn't hesitate to return; I will also let  a couple of co-workers know about this little tucked away gem.
Definitely worth stopping by  to fix your sushi hankering, if you're in the area.
Kudos!Absolutely the best service and sushi! The soy sauce is homemade and tastes amazing and the steak teriyaki bento box is to die for. It comes with a lot of food and they allow you to change out the sushi to whatever roll you'd like. I will definitely be returning once I'm back in townAweful! Over priced! No flavor! Go else where! I had the shrimp veggie tempura ....2 dinky shrimp and a few veggies. No flavor at all!I eat for lunch...a lot. The special is a standard $11.95 for three rolls plus soup or salad. The rolls are decently sized, and tasty, though nothing that will change your life.
One thing I hate is that they charge for hot tea. It's a random pet peeve, but really bothers me.
I do also recommend the lunch bento boxes, as well as coming during dinner time and ordering special rolls.
It's a great addition to the neighborhood, there's no doubt. Worth a visit if you're walking nearby and don't want any of the other (less than savory) oiptions.pretty fairly priced - good quality sushi. lot's of sushi places in Philly this place was good enough to make me want to come back! tasted fresh and delicious! i love Japanese people!Very good sushi. Don't get anything but the sushi though. Yakitori was dry and hard to bite off the stickDon't know if it was the day or time but they were fixing the lights, made the place very tight to sit at and maneuver with 3 kids. But, the service was good, the sushi was ok. If you don't look this place up you will miss it. I probably wouldn't take kids next time.I've now been here about five times, and it's settled, this is our new go-to sushi place for pickup, delivery, or just a quick dinner. The fish is always fresh, the service is unbelievably quick, the place is clean, and never packed or too loud. It's also BYOB, which is the most important criteria for our sushi restaurant of choice. Glad to have this place so closeby to me.My new favorite sushi delivery. Haven't gone to the restaurant but it's great delivery sushi. My favorites are the tuna pizza, tuna tartar and the sweetheart roll.Came for sushi, and thats what we got. Delicious,  plated well , good portion and fast. The server left alot to be desired. We sat at the table without water or acknowledgement for about 10 minutes. We turned around and the server was sitting, we motioned him for service. . He came and acted like he didn't want to be here or serve us. Once he took our order he did not return to ask if we needed anything. After food was delivered, he just dropped the check and walked away. Food is good, service not so mich.Quick and attentive service.
Nice and clean environment.
The thai iced coffee and mango smoothie were yummy.
Sushi presentation was beautiful.Went late one night for dinner. Prompt service and attention. They were closing up soon so a bit rushed but the food was good and would recommend iHad dinner here tonight with my wife.  The food was excellent. We ordered a couple of different rolls but the best for us were the shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, and california rolls.  Also the edamame appetizer was excellent! We ended the evening with a honeydew bubble tea, the best we've tasted in ages. The service was great, really nice staff. We would definitely recommend this restaurant. Great, comfortable atmosphere. We'll definitely come back.One of my favorite sushi places! The sushi is definitely 8 or 9 out of 10 and quite an affordable eat especially when they have their sashimi and roll specials! The customer service is great too. Great restaurant with a great atmosphere to go to for any occasion - simple get together, date night, etc.  Thank you, Kabuki for being my go to sushi place!!Service was good and the fish was fresh. Prices were as expected. Would have given it more stars if it didn't smell so funny in there when you first walked in. Took a few minutes to get used to. Definitely run by Chinese since their tea was not green and was too fragrant and their side of white rice was not sticky. Are there no authentic Japanese restaurants anymore? It's also called Kabuki.Great little sushi place. The area does not look like an area you would go for food, but I was pleasantly surprised.
I am not a sushi elite, but have spent time in Japan. I felt that the sushi and sashimi was quite solid. The pork gyoza was a little different than I was used to, but was totally fine. 
It has take out and delivery, so will probably have this delivered in the future! However, I would not hesitate to go back- the restaurant is nice and the service was good.No stars. This sushi was disgusting. I got 2 signature rolls. They came and they were soggy and mushy. They were incorrect from what I ordered. Not sure if the quality of the sushi was just so bad that they taste wrong? I immediately spit them out because  I thought I might get sick. Not only was the sushi terrible, i waited an hour and a half on a Tuesday night! The delivery guy finally came and couldn't stop coughing. Unsanitary and the worst sushi I've ever had. In addition to that, after I opened it and tried them I called for a refund- they would only give me half off. I even told them they could pick the rolls back up. TerribleThe delivery was the only good thing about this place. Food was terrible. We ordered grilled salmon and it was the smallest salmon ever! The other dish is bulgogi beef and it was terrible. I don't mind cold food. I can just warm them up again. But the taste is unacceptable. We can't even finished our meals. 
Disappointing experience. I'd never eat from here again!I walked away shocked that this place is on other lists as some of the best sushi in Philly. The rolls were tiny, barely had any actual portion of fish, and the specialty rolls were overpriced. I assume all the good ratings were convention center crowds who don't know what good sushi really is.A big menu and 2 sushi chefs to pull it off. I just had a strawberry bubble tea and edamame, since I was full from my pizza in NY hours before. My son had the Unagi Don, which he really liked. His meal came with Miso soup and a salad which he gave to me. It had a great dressing.This is honestly my favorite sushi place in Philly. Every time I go there the fish slices are always fresh not to mention the service is on point. I would go for the lunch special that ends at 3:00 if you want something nice, cheap, and filling. But this time I went for dinner and got their specialty rolls: the Marriott roll and the pink lady roll. Both were superb and got me completely stuffed!Pretty good sushi. Online orders are quickly filled, and the dine-in experience was good. Better than most sushi I've had in the city, without paying an arm and a leg. Love that I can also order an avocado smoothie, which was BEAUTIFUL. I always order a special roll and then a regular roll. Salmon and avocado roll was perfect in its freshness and simplicity. Only complaint is more wasabi and ginger please!Everything was great. Portions were big and delicious. Waitress who served us was helping and the restaurant (environment)was good .it was not crowded even though outside was a mess.Totally worth !Their prices aren't bad. However, I do agree with everyone else - their fish is NOT fresh. It tasted fishy and I unfortunately had a stomachache soon after having some. I would not order again...My sashimi deluxe was as good as it looked. Lovely small place. Cozy atmosphere. Definitely coming here again.Fish was fresh, salad dressing good. Minus one star for teriyaki entrees swimming in too much sauce. Would take away 1 1/2 stars for automatic  20% tip snuck onto a bill for 5 people with no warning on menu- and service was fair.If you're looking for quality sushi, this is the place to go! Love the sushi here! And I also called for delivery as well one day and it was super fast so that was a plus!So Friday night I casually ordered about $60-worth of food from Kabukiza Sushi for a party of one. Don't question it, it just happened. Placed the order for delivery via Foodler at 7:43pm and they gave me an estimate of about 8:25pm and the food arrived around 8:10pm - when food comes early that's a win in my book.
When I saw Sushi Pizza I got really excited and just HAD to order it, but in reality it was just "meh." Maybe it's something best tried in the restaurant but the "crust" of it was kind of soggy for my tastes and I just felt very indifferent toward it in general.
I got red snapper, scallop, salmon, and yellowtail sashimi - the sashimi was very delicious and pretty good quality. I can't remember if it was the yellowtail or the red snapper (I want to say yellowtail) but it was a little firmer than I liked but other than that overall good sashimi.
The Nabi Yaki Udon was also very yummy and probably what I was most satisfied with - most likely because I was craving something with a broth/soup. Also got a seaweed salad which for $4.95 they give you A LOT of seaweed salad. Can't say much for the quality of it I feel it is just average, but for the quantity you get, can't really complain.
Next time I will probably try their sushi rolls which for some reason I just wasn't in the mood for that night.I've been on a sushi kick lately because in my mind, eating small pieces of fish is somehow going to make me lose weight.
I've tried a few places close to the office but today, I decided to venture a little farther to see if there is place that is a bit easier on the wallet. Kabukiza was a well rated place and the lunch special was an attractive price so I was all in.
From looks alone, the place is a step above most 'round the way sushi places, what with their thoughtful decor and...well, yeah, that. 
The rolls I got were tasty and that's about it. I'd go back.3.5 stars. Fish is fresh and rolls are well prepared. Servers are friendly. I am a sushi purist so a menu with a large amount of over busy, heavily sauced rolls is kind of annoying. If you are confident in the quality of your fish why smother it in sauces??It's one of those quiet tucked away sushi spots that have to be tried. The sushi was inexpensive and quickly served (although the waiter had to confirm our order multiple times). They have assortment of bubble teas served hot and cold. The sushi pizza was a great appetizer. Ask to make it with sweet potato for an interesting and tasty twist!Really good, really fresh, and a wide selection of sushi. Small place tucked on a corner not far from reading terminal market. Good for when you want a quiet sushi date night, or just walking around the area. Not too expensive eitherFood is okay. Typical Americanized sushi. Service is slow and it's a very small place. Ordered the teriyaki chicken lunch special. Chicken was dry and overcooked, they had plates of raw fish sitting on the counter instead of inside the refrigeration unit. Not very good knife techniques--they were serving bloodlines and gristle along with the prime fillets on several plates I saw around me. The redeeming thing is this is fairly healthy food and at $10.95 for 3 rolls its a decent option for lunch compared to Chilis or the fried stuff at Reading Market.ordered and picked up dinner yesterday from here. delivery was an extra $1 and the joint was close by so i just walked to the place.
i took seafood gyoza and New York roll. the rolls were not bad.. i liked the sauces and the dressing on the rolls. i have had better sushi so 4 on 5 rating seems good enough.First time here. Overall, a pretty solid experience: Sushi was pretty tasty-good quality and fair pricing. Great location in regards to transit. Our server was very nice, friendly and quick! Ended up getting bubble tea after dinner, which unfortunately wasn't nearly as good as the sushi. All the bubbles we're stuck together and tea was almost sickeningly sweet-do not suggest. Would go back for another quick sushi eats, though!This is my go to for eat in or delivery. Always good. Mango Dragon is a must try!! Delicious & refreshing. Kani salad is good as well. Love the service, very fast & efficient. Probably the best sushi place in the city.This was a great find.  The food was delicious.   We will diffently go back.  Service was good.  I loved how it was small and quaint.   The only complaint is they need to offer silverware for those of us that can't use chop sticks.This place is awesome! It is not the BEST sushi i have ever had but it is above average and SUPER convenient to the convention center. I am the meeting manager for the conference in town which means i have been working 14+ hour days. When I get back to my hotel room at the Marriott the last thing I wanted to do was go back out to grab dinner at 9pm so two nights in a row I ordered here. I used Foodler to place my order and I love the $10 minimum (vs the $15 that other places had since i am only ordering for one person).  
Maybe it is b/c I am from the DC suburbs but these prices are not high at all to me. PLUS, who wants to buy "cheap/discounted" sushi... ummm food poisoning anyone?  Just kidding, kind of.  Any way, the food was good, I preferred the california rolls I got the first night which had the mayo in them b/c without the mayo the flavor was lacking a bit, however, overall it was still good and a healthy option over BurgerFi (who has gotten my order wrong not TWO, like I said in my reviews, but THREE times now)... they meet me in my hotel lobby and it is super easy to order using foodler.com.
The smoked salmon and avocado roll is good too (philadelphia roll with no cream cheese). The rice to filling ratio IS great... not too much rice... i hate places that give me too much rice bc/ that is the part i dont want. 
I was going to try the pork Gyoza but did not b/c the two rolls filled me up the first night so I didnt want to add anything the second time.
I would definitely dine there again... I may have to order from there one more time before i head back home!I LOVED the possibility of ordering via yelp/eat24 and just pick up the food after 15ish minutes. I had to restrain myself not to order pretty much everything, but still ended up with twice the amount I could eat... well, it'll make a nice breakfast tomorrow.
The softshell crab tempura was really, really nice. That it contained zucchini/sweet potatoe/broccoli/onion tempura as well was a nice surprise. Esp the onion tempura as I've been looking yearningly at onion rings at burger places. We don't have these *huge* onion rings in Sweden, so guess that makes them even more desirable. (And yeah, tempura and onion rings are not the same, but close enough for me).
The sweet potatoe roll was rather boring though, but the seafood gyoza was great. All in all, it was a perfect take out, but I wish I'd had dinner at the restaurant as it looked really nice, and some of the sushi brought out to the guests... oh my, it made my mouth water.
Edit 20141210: Note to self; Mikaela, do not - I repeat, do NOT - save tempura for breakfast. No, it won't taste good even if you have a huge hangover.Convenient to the Convention Center (1 block walk) and downtown Center City, as well as Chinatown.  We enjoyed the Chirashi Sushi platter, peanut avocado roll, tuna roll, and eel avocado roll.  Bubble tea was also yummy.  For appetizers, the edamame and seaweed salad hit the spot.  We didn't try any of the specialty rolls but might next time.  Food arrived quickly.  Very filling.  Fish was very fresh.  I only hope they start carrying ume or ume shiso to make my favorite roll!Having ate in and ordered delivery I will say that Kabuki Sushi doesn't score high on my list. While I think certain dishes are very good like the Gyoza, California roll, and the Hibachi entree; a lot of the other food I've tried isnt anything to write home about. The shumai is mushy and taste pre frozen. The miso soup is just ok. For the price, I hate when still feel quite hungry after spending close to $50 for 2. So I may come around again if im really desperate for the Hibachi entree but it won't be for a while yet.Friendly staff and service. Ordered to go sushi. Was ready in less than 15 minutes. Fish was fresh and rolls were delicious. Highly recommend the kabuki roll, one of my favorites! Will be back to try out other things on the menu.Very small place - only a few seats at the Sushi bar. Super convenient location in Center City. Prices were okay, maybe a couple dollars more than I'm used to, but they were nice and the food was very good. Only negative for me was the music they were playing. Very Backstreet Boys-y in there! In any case, I'd recommend it.I ordered delivery; the employee over the phone was very helpful. I ordered edamame, vegetable spring roll, avocado cucumber roll. The food came an hour after ordering. The sushi was so fresh and delicious. The spring roll got crushed during delivery but it was still very good. I would definitely order from here again.This is in response to the comment left by the owner. I actually ate here twice that week because I believe you should try everything twice to make sure you don't like it. And yes, I ordered some more expensive rolls (note that I said "expensive", not "authentic"). And, no, sushi is not simply about raw fish. Anyone who's ever eaten at a real sushi restaurant or watched sushi documentaries ("Jiro Dreams of Sushi") knows that fish needs to be carefully treated and prepared and though not pickled, there is a texturizing/flavoring process that can take days. This place clearly serves low-end sushi, as in "defrost fish then slice and hope no one notices we don't know what we're doing". Putting sauces and more stuff inside seaweed is not "authentic"--it's simply busy. True sushi does not need mayonnaise or eel sauce or siracha on everything. As I said before, it's healthier than fried food, but it's not "authentic" Japanese sushi. It'll do in a pinch but if you're serving me crab sticks from a box you can't call yourself a high end sushi joint. Knocking off one star from my original review because sometimes we foodies know what we're talking about.I'm nearly in a sushi coma. I scarfed down way too much, and I don't regret a bite of it. I've recently been concerned that I was losing my taste for sushi, or that there were no longer restaurants that could appease me. 
After a long night of Pilates and shopping, I came home starving with no desire to cook. I hopped on grub hub and saw that Kabuki had recently opened up AND has five stars on yelp. 
Spending a few extra dollars on my meal was work every penny. The fish is fresh, rice perfectly seasoned, and delivery was speedy and amiable.  I wish I had taken photos of the rolls, but I was seriously famished. 
I've found my new go-to. Keep it up, Kabuki. Don't let me down.Good sushi. Decently priced. Small, but quaint. It's a BYO establishment, but there's a wine and spirits shop close by. They take credit cards and cash.This is a pretty good little Sushi place right by the Marriott "complex" downtown Philly. I went here on a Monday night and it was rather quiet.  Service was quick and friendly, the Sashimi was relatively fresh and tasty. The Marriott role was as advertised, scrumptious.  If you're at the Marriott, this place is worth the short walk.This place would of gotten FIVE stars had this episode not happened. I want to preface with that because their food is awesome and cheap! 
But when we ordered last week, the delivery ruined the entire experience. He 1st wouldn't deliver to our door. In HIS words "I'm not risking a 76 ticket for a dollar tip" he also said that his job wasn't to come downstairs to our office. I said excuseeeee me?!? But who are you talking to 1st of all!?!? Secondly, he didn't even know how much we were tipping at all BC we had cash!!! I was so appalled but the way this BOY talked to me and after going back and forth with him, he LEFT our food at ANOTHER office and they had to bring the food to us. I then called the restaurant to speak to the manager and he was unavailable. I called EVERYDAY for a week and conveniently, no manager was ever there! Don't worrry though BC the amount of money we gave you over the years, you will NEVER see again. And I will tell EVERYONE not to order from you again! Sucks for you!!! Rudeness will not prevail and will not be tolerated by me! You WILL pay Mr. delivery driver. Guess you really don't love or need your job!Kabuki is my go to "take-out sushi" place. Everything is extremely fresh, they always deliver ahead of schedule and they've never messed up an order.Very disappointed. I was looking for something close to the Marriott and I had choices, but was in the mood for sushi. I ordered the combo of three rolls, soup and salad online while I was in the store. I had three bites from each roll and I wasn't going to eat anymore. This wasn't what I was expecting from such good reviews. It tasted like grocery store or gas station sushi. I felt they left rolls back in the fridge and pulled them when ordered. The rice and wraps was dry along with the other ingredients of each roll.  I get to travel a lot and come to Philadelphia often.  How about you, the manager or owner, look this and see for yourself. I'll be happy to discuss this in person the next time I'm in town.Amazing quality !! I came with my wife yesterday and although she's not a big fan of Japanese food she fell in love with the hand rolls, she even dreamt about those at night and want to come back there tonight!! Indeed, everything, the sushis, the rolls, very fresh and tasty.. The only bad point:  they don't sell alcool but 
 you can bring your own bottle.It was a frigid day and I was visiting from a sunnier place. I special-ordered a spicy tuna don, and it was amazing: gorgeous, and a perfect play of sweetness, crunch and spice. Also, excellent jasmine tea and very speedy service. I'll be returning.The salmon teriyaki was delicious and the Avocado cucumber oshinko was good! Definitely get the smoothie!Food great!!! FRESH as it can be!!!
Service - Alright.. A bit slow but fast on getting my bills..Delicious sushi! My husband and I stumbled upon this place while wandering around downtown (while visiting family), and we loved this place! We shared the Fantasy Roll, Redmask Roll, and Godzilla Roll- all of them were very delicious! Also if it's cold outside, try the hot bubble tea! It sounds strange, but I had the coconut and my husband had the coffee, and they were so good- just what we needed after walking out in the cold for an hour. The food was made in a timely manner, and the staff was very friendly! A little pricey, but worth it!They have reasonably-priced, good quality sushi and they offer a great lunch special (2 or 3 rolls with soup/salad). This is my favorite place in Center City and it's an added bonus that they deliver nearby!Great sushi but restaurant wasn't that busy yet we waited over an hour for 3 rolls. Seems they are focused on their delivery business. Eventually we got food and it was good. But they need to do better. They offered us nothing. No free drink, nothing for waiting at a table for an hour after ordering.Selection: There is a decent selection of normal and speciality roles along with your normal soups, salads and appetizers. 
Service: the service is prompt, but not overbearing. 
Taste: The miso soup was on the watery side, but the speciality roles were superb. 
Value: The price is normal for the quality with specialty roles costing on average ~$12.  
Overall: The sushi was very good, the price average, the service good, and the location was very convenient. I wouldn't hesitate to stop in again.Amazing sushi! Great portions and delicious!!! Definitely would recommend it to anyone!!!We stopped in for a quick Salmon roll and Tuna roll very fresh, good prices about $5 a roll. Lunch special is any 3 lunch rolls for $10.99 great deal until 3pm. we are planning to come back for lunch. Salmon melted in our mouths like butter yummAwesome sushi. Fresh and delightful! Prices are reasonable and service is terrific.     I would definitely recommend this restaurant!Great hidden gem! I was in the mood for a late bite and sushi was the perfect option. I got the MAC roll (mango avocado cucumber), spicy yellow tail and mask off roll and they were all amazing!Stayed in the Marriott one block from this sushi place and went there for take out. When I got back in my hotel room, I couldn't find any sticks, napkins and soy sauce. The bag was sealed so I couldn't see that this was missing when I left the restaurant.
I had to eat my sashimi with my hands :-/ Don't like that. 
Luckily the sashimi was good, my spicy lobster roll was ok and the people were friendly.I ordered the salmon teriyaki dinner with a salad...1) the salad was literally 1 piece of lettuce with a cucumber and tomato 2) the salmon was way overcooked 3) everything was coldThis review is solely for the lunch delivery service. 
Was seriously craving sushi so I searched Grubhub and found that most places just offered their regular menu with no specials.  Thankfully, I came across this place which offered a bang-for-your-buck $10.95 Lunch Special:  3 sushi rolls of your choosing and a miso soup or salad.  You can't go wrong with those prices.
I opted for the spicy crabmeat, eel avocado, and 5 piece shrimp tempura rolls.  All were fresh and absolutely delicious and the salad came with that signature ginger dressing.  I was nice and full after my lunch- such a huge sushi portion for the price.
The delivery was the speediest I've ever had.  Took only about a half hour at the most (even though Grubhub said it would be a full hour) and the bike messenger was smart enough to meet me in the back freight area and call my cell so as to avoid going through the hassle of security in the lobby.
I really, truly appreciate a cheap center city lunch spot that offers delivery to the Cira Centre (since we're practically left with no good lunch options over here) so I will definitely be ordering from here often.Decided to try a new sushi place instead of ordering from the usual place we use.
Where do I begin... Okay I'll say delivery was on time. But after the delivery guy call to say he was here... He started banging on the door like he couldn't wait.
Food: The salmon tempura roll had huge pieces of avocado sticking out of it. One piece had a 2 inch slice of avocado! The seafood gyozas were hard and almost burnt on the bottom. Barely any seafood flavor. The outer shell was too hard and dried out to chew. The lunch shrimp teriyaki bento box... First of all it came in a styrofoam takeout box, which I've never seen done for a bento box. The shumi dumplings were bland and just a soft jelly consistency when you bite into it. The shrimp for the teriyaki was over cooked and wasn't as warm as the other ingredients. Never had soft broccoli from an asian restaurant. Over all we threw most of it in the trash. Wasn't worth eating. We tried some place new... Won't be trying them againI just started eating sushi a few months ago. My boyfriend loves it and had me try it. I was craving it all week. We found this restaurant on yelp and decided to go. I still am very clueless about sushi. The menus is like a foreign language to me. The waitress could tell I didn't know what I looking at. She was extremely helpful and looked at the menu with me for about 5 minutes to help me decide. We ended up ordering me the spicy tuna roll and salmon tempura roll. Both AMAZING!!!! She even brought me the spicy mayo sauce because I like it much more than soy sauce. I also got a great seaweed salad. My boyfriend got the chirashi sushi and loved it as well. Over all great service. Great food. Glad I came here because of how helpful our server was. You will not be disappointed.We were the only ones at the restaurant, not too friendly. We called waiter after 10 min not asking us if we are ready. Chefs at the bar and a waiter were all on the phones. Food good, but with this service it spoils everything .came here on a whim and had a really great time! great quality of sushi and great prices! the hibachi fried rice was a little bit more oily than i prefer but the rolls were super fresh!
salmon roll - i love when sushi places use big cuts of salmon instead of shredding it and making some sort of mayo salad with it gross. this place has great fresh salmon for their salmon rolls as well as their yellowtail!
i'd definitely be interested to come back and get some take outI order from Kabuki through Grub Hub literally once or twice a week without fail. It never disappoints! Delviery is super fast too- sometimes it will say wait time is an hour and it shows up 20-30 min later! Fish is great quality and you can customize with brown rice, different sauces, etc. Very consistent and high-quality!My Husband and I went here for our final dinner on our recent visit to Philly. We were having a hard time deciding what and where we wanted to eat. We had passed this place while walking around on our first day in the city. My husband suddenly remembered it and I look it up on yelp. The reviews were all positive and that made our decision easy! 
We were not disappointed at all. They even had delicious Boboa teas. We ended up getting 5 rolls and two teas. Everything was awesome and when we got out check they had graciously given us a 20% discount. We're not sure why but it was appreciated. Our entire meal was only about $50 which is a steal compared to the $75 we usually spend on sushi back home in Orlando. 
Everything about Kabuki from the service to the food was excellent. It is a must visit during your stay!! The presentation of our food was even amazing!!I ordered sashimi deluxe for dinner. Overall, quality of sashimi was ok. However, there were two things that really bothered me: dried rice and weird taste of ginger. I am guessing that both rice and ginger were aged abit. Maybe I was just unlucky that day. But yeah not a pleasant experience.My go-to sushi place in philly! Unagi rolls are amazing, along with spicy tuna hand rolls. Would recommend to anyone looking to get really great sushi at a good price. The place is really small so it wouldn't be the best for big groups, but we go with 4 people around once a month. If I lived closer I would eat here every day. Very good with dietary restrictions too.Lunch on Saturday. 
Very clean 
Friendly staff.
Tasty
Teriyaki salmon was perfect
Sushi selection was really good
Teriyaki shrimp was enjoyable
Highly recommendedWent for lunch and this place is awesome. Food was delicious and plentiful. Ordered the lunch special for $11.50 which consist of 3 different rolls and 8 pieces in each roll. That's a lot of sushi for 11 bucks. Also ordered the seaweed salad and edamame. 
I have to say if this place was in my hometown I would be a regular. Don't hesitate to visit if you are from out of town. Service was quick and servers were very friendly. 
Would give it 5 stars but there is very limited seating and they don't have a soda fountain, it's all cans. That's a pet peeve of mine and I never understand from a costs perspective why restaurants do that.This review is about the take out menu. BEWARE:  Take out menu is not what it seems. Fault advertising. I just got this takeout menu less than a week.   As much as I love this place and I order from here 3-4 times a month. I will stop going here for awhile and will explore other places. I am disappointed. The service went downhill since they opened the place. I ordered Spicy Roll Combo. The take out menu says it comes with miso soup & salad, sashimi extra a bowl of rice. Yes I have ordered this many times.   I got home and there were no extra sashimi and rice. I called them they said they dont do it anymore.  If they dont do it anymore why dont they cross that out!  Now it's not really worth $16.95 anymore.  Dissapointed.  Other restaurant when they dont serve it anymore it's their fault to have it on the menu so they honor the deal anyway.  Here they refused give me extra sashimi. I wouldnt have order this if I would have known they stop giving extra sashimi.
If you are ordering take out, call first to see what comes with.  Who knows they might change it again without fixing the takeout menu. if  5 stars for food quality and yumminess  2 stars for not update their takeout menu.A word of warning, their sign says Kabuki Sushi, not Kabukiza. Once that confusion was settled, I found this a great little sushi shop.  As a test, I ordered my standard tuna and salmon rolls, and a tempura shrimp.  The tuna was of high quality, deep red, almost crimson in color, with a perfect texture. The salmon roll was from quality fish as well. The shrimp tempura was excellent, even though I don't usually go for the fried sushi (kinda defeats the purpose). The fry on the shrimp was perfect, no 'fryer taste' (read: they change their oil frequently).  The yelp check in discount is nice as well (hopefully this lasts longer than East Girard Gastropub's free deviled egg offer).  A good standby for sushi in the Market East area.Great sushi in Philadelphia!
I ordered spicy tuna roll, avocado peanut, and a sweet potato roll.
The spicy tuna roll was delish.  The avocado peanut was definitely unique and very good too!  The sweet potato roll was just ok.  It arrived still warm, but it was kind of mushy and tasted like the tempura frying oil.  I would love to maybe try a non-fried sweet potato roll.
Unfortunately, I'm taking .5 star off for the not so amazing sweet potato roll and another .5 off for the $4.00 delivery fee from grubhub....while the delivery fee for using the yelp site is only $1.  Fail on my part.I came here for lunch on a recommendation from a coworker.
Ordered the 3 roll lunch special which comes with miso soup for $10.95, what a deal.  There are several rolls to choose from.  I ordered the sweet potato roll, the avocado roll, and the smoked salmon skin roll.  All three rolls were amazing.
I came in and ordered but you can also order online.  Did not wait long for my order.
The restaurant has some seating and a small sushi bar.  While I was there they seem to do quite a bit of take out orders.
Enjoyed it so much that I think I'm going back for lunch tomorrow while I'n still in town.3 rolls for under $11 is a great lunch special! Service and atmosphere were also very good! Definitely recommend!Great sushi.  Super fast delivery.  Had my order (2 rolls) in 15 minutes after placing an order on Eat24's app.  Was fresh and delicious!  
Would recommend!This place is okay. The teriyaki salmon was pretty bad as were the shumai in the bento box but the california rolls were good. This is BYOB only, NO ALCOHOL SERVED, which we didn't realize until we had already sat down so it would have been awkward to leave then but that is our fault. The service was good and the employees were friendly.YESSS!! Kabuki sushi!! It's so tough finding deals in the city where the sushi isn't the size of a penny and costs way too much for very little food..kabuki is the answer! I got the lunch deal + 1 more roll, they were all veggie rolls (I'm plant based!!) so I can't speak to the quality of the fish but just based on the quality and care put into the rolls I ordered I would bet the fish rolls are just as delicious. I ordered an avo+cucumber, avocado, veggie roll and peanut+avo..all a good size, stuffed with fillings and not overly riced (which I feel like is a pretty big issue most of the time?!) They were all fresh, reasonably priced and great quality. My only complaint and reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the delivery price-$4.99 seems pretty high to me plus a tip for the driver and tax. Besides that I will absolutely be ordering from here again!!!Just found this place walking around Philadelphia. Seated right away and server took my order within 5 mins of being seated. All the food was very fresh! The waitress was very nice and food came very quickly. Great place to eat.I went back last week because the lunch special was calling my name.
Again, my rolls were awesome and the folks at the front were nice.Kabuki was good for it's price but it is not good enough for me to return. The chicken katsu box was not anything special; it was a little bland. The fried rice in it had kind of  a strange taste/smell to it. Vegetable roll was decent though. And the coffee bubble tea was strong and delicious!I got delivery and decided to change from my normal delivery spot. The sushi was phenomenal, my only complaint was the tempura was cold, which was only because the poor delivery driver had to ride a bike in the cold! Looking forward to actually eating at the location.Thought the bento box was fantastic! This place is tiny and just around the corner from the convention center. I stopped in for a quick lunch. We had sushi - pretty good, bubble tea - very good!, and a bento box. My favorite was the shamei (I think that's how to spell it). It was delicious.
Would recommend for lunch - just know it's tiny and there isn't a lot of room.First time ordering delivery from this place today. They delivered within 20 minutes -- it was really fast actually.. maybe even 15 minutes!
I ordered the 3 roll lunch combo served with soup OR salad. 
Miso Soup: THE WORST miso soup I've ever had. I'm so sad about this. I was ready to LOVE this place especially since the delivery was so quick! But it was so tasteless. I've made miso soup at home so it's pretty simple. You put the miso in, hot water, dried seaweed. It's pretty simple. 
It had like 3 pieces of floating seaweed, 3 pieces of tofu. I understand cutting costs... but that's just being way too cheap . There was also almost NO miso in this. The broth was almost clear -- again NO taste, NO seaweed, NO miso, NO tofu. What the heck
3 rolls: Salmon avocado, spicy tuna, and yellowtail. I give this 3 stars. It's pretty standard. Just like Vics or any of those 3 roll combo place.
Overall -- SPEEDY delivery, BAD miso soup, OKAY rolls. I'm right in the middle on this placeLove kabuki! I ordered the sweet potato roll and avocado roll. The sushi is well priced, and they give you a decent amount. The food altogether was really good. 
The service here was also good, so I'd definitely go back shortly.I have been coming to this place for a while and always left satisfied. Food always fresh , staff are very helpful and friendly. First time ordering delivery from them and it was so fast , they got to my door like around 30 mins . Highly recommended, try them out whenever u are in the area and craving sushi !!The food was decent however my order was supposed to come with miso soup and salad-Neither of which made it to my house.  Not a great first impression.Some of the best sushi I've had. I was in town for work and tried this place out. Not the best part of the downtown area, but worth the walk over. I ordered takeout which was ready in ~15 minutes and still tasted great once I got the takeout back to the hotel. 
I had the Philly roll, Mango Dragon, and Alaska rolls. I'm not a super adventurousm sushi eater, and all three of these were great. The mango was an awesome unique take on other dragon rolls I've had. Excellent edamame as well. Would definitely go again if I'm back in townPlace was very small, but it's a very good place for a date of 2 or a group of 4. Very fresh sushi and cozy environment. Great costumer service, waitress gave us free sushi rolls because of miscommunication on ordering. Will definitely come back to this place.20% off during the grand opening. 
It is quiet, nice interior & is completely accessible for people with disabilities. It seats about 25 with 5 at the sushi bar. 
It's the best sushi nearby and would be great for anyone on Jury Duty. It's practically across the street. 
The spicy tuna is spicier than creamy & that's nice. They have a large variation & their sashimi is fresh. They have cooked dishes. 
The winner is the Avocado and honey roasted peanut maki. Yay. 
It's new & independent. Try it out.Food was great! Service was quick, presentation was great and prices were extremely reasonable. Will deginitely go back the next time I am in Philly!Good sushi! Very fresh. Clean restaurant and friendly staff. First place in Philly we found with sushi we are happy with.Ordered take-out today for lunch using their online ordering feature.  My order at 12:02 and by 12:25 I was receiving a call from my receptionist saying that my lunch was at the front desk!  SCORE!!!
I almost hate rating / reviewing sushi restaurants in my current preggo state.  But of course when the doctor says "don't eat X" all you can do is crave & dream about "X".  The same has been true for sushi / raw seafood ... so I've danced w/ the idea of real sushi by having california, shrimp tempura, spider, veggie rolls, etc.  
Today I had a shrimp tempura roll and house salad w/ ginger sauce.  I threw in a bottle of water to take my order over the $10 delivery requirement.  I was certainly pleased w/ my meal and even more pleased with the quick and friendly service.  Can't wait to really try out their menu when I can really explore the menu (not just the PG aka cooked portion)...This place is great. It's my go to center city spot for sushi. Their Lunch Roll Special (10.95 for 3 rolls and soup/salad!) is a great great deal, and the fish is great for the price. I do wish that they had uni though. I ordered a Chirashi take out once, which was fantastic. My only criticism is that the Chirashi order came with really little rice in order to fit into the tray and it sadly didn't have any hotate or ikura (was hoping for one of those!). It would be nice if they gave a separate container fro rice so that they could put more. They delivered half my order once by mistake, but a quick call to fix it and they delivered the other half quickly.The chicken katsu was a thin crunchy chicken tender. And I was expecting katsu sauce, the normal sauce for chicken katsu, and they gave teriyaki sauce. I also got blueberry green tea for $3.50 and although it was pretty tasty, it was 60% ice. Also no public restroom. 
Overall very very overpriced for the quality of food.My first visit was wondering in for lunch over the holidays. My second was ordering takeout since I now work a few blocks away. Both times I've had wonderful and friendly service and delicious food. I ordered online via Yelp this time and got a call almost immediately to confirm my order which was awesome! My order was ready by the time I arrived and it all tasted delicious back at my desk. Can't wait to return for another visit!