Cute decor, lovely staff, delicious food! Must try crab fried rice and chicken curry. Great neighborhood spot! Lucky to have Kalaya.Kalaya is a wonderful new addition to the Bella Vista neighborhood! It is my second visit and I have been very impressed with the food and service.  This is not your "pad thai' joint.  This is Southern Thai, boasting family dishes from the chef's mother! We loved the curry chicken with coconut rice.  The lemongrass drink should not be missed! We will be back very soon!I want to like this place. It's gotten rave reviews and I've been looking for a good Thai restaurant in Philly for so long. But the portions are just so small. It's way over priced for what you get. The monk fish was good but you only get 4 small pieces. I enjoyed the chicken curry but again the portion was very small. The curry was supposed to come with a side of rice. Since I read good reviews for coconut rice and the small portions, we ordered an extra coconut rice. Somehow, it ended up replacing the rice that was supposed to come with the curry dish. The fish cake starter was mediocre at best. Overall the flavor was decent but not as mind blowing as suggested in other reviews. Definitely not a good value in a city with so many good restaurants.Absolutely terrific. We were there on their first weekend night, and they're still getting the kinks worked out on service a little, but they are extremely friendly and the food is exquisite. Go.Sorry to be boring and add to all the 5 star reviews on here but .. this was amazing. We got the tapioca dumplings which was the one thing I wouldn't recommend (they were a little too gelatinous and chewy). We also got the chicken wings, red curry which was great, crab fried rice, and eggplant dish. I didn't find anything to be particularly spicy but we didn't order anything above 3 stars on the spiciness scale. There was one pescatarian in our group and there were plenty of options for her. We also got the mango sticky rice which was delicious! For all that split among 4 we paid $25 each plus tip which I thought was reasonable, and it's BYOB. I am really excited about this new spot and will definitely be back!Kayala is a superb Thai BYOB for those looking for authentic Thai food. Nok, one of the owners and chef,  is hands down one of the best kept secrets in Philadelphia. The service was relaxed, the food unmatched and the restaurant is simple and beautiful. You will not be disappointed. Get there before the word gets out!Fabulous authentic Thai with great service, an exciting menu, and BYO to boot! We are so lucky. It's nearest peer is Little Serow in DC and this place offers more choices. Can't wait to go again!Overall nice place. Cute decor. 
Tables are really close together. You can't get out of your seat unless the table is physically moved out of the way. Meh
We were the ONLY Asians dining here. That's a little bit of a red flag for me. The owners were definitely catering to the white customers. This is common treatment toward Asians when they try to "upscale" Thai food. We were not checked on at all by the owners. But every other table was. Another meh. The food was good but small portions for the price. No bag for the take home food either. I'm suppose to just carry the plastic box? Overall okay place. Won't be back tho. BYOB is also nice.Every dish we had at Kalaya was incredible. 
Were there hiccups in the service? Did we see people having to wait 30-45 minutes after their reserved time? Yes. But if you can overlook this new restaurant's growing pains, be prepared to have a meal marked by intense flavors, fresh and high-quality ingredients, and unique dishes that you won't find anywhere else.
Every dish we tried was a winner, particularly the kang gai khao mun, chicken curry with pandan rice. The rice has an intense vanilla/pandan flavor that tastes almost like a dessert, and the curry is silky smooth, with intricate flavors expertly melded together. The yum nua ma kua poa, sliced beef salad, was incredibly spicy, but the beef was so tender and the dish so savory yet light, we could not stop eating it. Another table favorite was the kang poo pak tai, or crab meat curry, which at $27 was the most expensive dish we ordered, but 100% worth it for those generous lumps of crab.
Service was friendly and helpful, though our server was clearly still learning the ropes. Though she didn't open our wine bottle at first, she was attentive and immediately opened it when asked, and was really good about refilling waters - which was appreciated as we consumed our fairly spicy meal! Our appetizers took a long, long while to arrive, but after that, the pace of the meal was fine.
I'd recommend coming here with a small group (4-6) so you can try more dishes. All the items looked so intriguing, and even with the four of us ordering as much as we could eat, there were still more items we wanted to try! Also, make a reservation. And make it for the number of people you plan to bring - we saw a reservation of 2 try to sneak in a third person, and the dining space is just too small to accommodate that. 
I'm already excited to come back here again. I'm even thinking of booking a cooking class, which I saw advertised in their front window, for my dad, partially for Father's Day but also for selfish reasons - I need to know how to make chicken curry with pandan rice, I could eat that dish every day.It's a an authentic Thai food restaurant . If you are not into spicy food than this restaurant is not for you. 
I would recommend that you share because the portions are small and it's best if you share it . 
We were 4 people so we order 
Appetizers --
Grilled oyester mushroom --amazing 
Topoica Dumplings 
MainCourse 
Grilled eggplant -- amazing 
Tofu with mushroom grilled -- amazing 
Chicken curry -- litttle spicy thinly sliced meat
Barramundi with pineapple -- like the fish not the pineapple it is sour . 
We all had to order the rice as a side as none of the curry came with rice . 
I didn't like the fact that I order a barramundi with pineapple as main course and had to order rice as a side and it was not enough for me . I am a foodie and for the amount I paid I did not like it that I can still eat more .
But if you are their for taste it is one of the authentic Thai place to be at in philly.Saw this place was getting high reviews, and was fairly new. Brought my parents here to venture out in the world of Thai cuisine after my trip to Bangkok a few months ago. That being said, I stayed with a friend in Bangkok so I have an accurate measure of authenticity and this place definitely hit the spot. No, I did not order Pad Thai and have no clue if it was even on the menu (although I did have it in Thailand).
The place is new, so the kinks are being worked out still. I kept that in mind. I have a reservation for 8:15 for 3 people but turns out I only make it for 2 people. Luckily we were able to be seated- it was cramped but it worked, we were comfortable. I am SO thankful it worked out, thanks to the lovely host/owner. The restaurant is small, cozy, and bustling even at nearly 9 PM on a weeknight. The one thing I'd like is that it is VERY loud. They're trying to work on that, as I understand. But do not come here on a date LOL. You will not hear anything. 
We ordered (for 3 people):
1. Spicy duck salad - amazing. It's mostly spicy ground duck with some cabbage on the side of it, but it's so good. It's almost not a salad but a spicy meat dish? I would say it's on the spicier end so beware! 
2. Crab meat curry - also amazing. Also pretty spicy which I didn't expect but the flavor was powerful and we asked for coconut rice instead of the noodles it came with (since we got another noodle dish) and it's so nice they accommodated it! I actually loved it with coconut rice because the coconut rice is sooo good, slightly sweet, so to me it balanced out the spice. 
3. Coconut rice - with that being said, get this! It's a sweeter rice, more seasoned and parts of it were a tad brunt (I thought this added great flavor/texture) 
4. Shrimp/glass noodles- comes with 3 shrimp, and just like in Thailand, they are huge. The flavors surprised me in a good way, not spicy but definitely flavorful for a noodle dish. 
+ we had leftovers, if this helps you decide how much to order...
I think anything you get will be delicious but I do highly recommend the crab meat curry and coconut rice. Next time I want to try the tapioca balls appetizer! 
We brought BYO wine and it went perfectly with the dishes so do keep in mind this is a BYOB. However they have a variety of cool drinks such as Thai iced tea and coconut juice as well as La Croix ($3 each tho...). 
The chef came out to ask how everything was, she is the counterpart to the hostess and they are so bad ass lady bosses so congrats to them! This place is a hit, can't wait to return.This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly! The atmosphere is incredible; the ambience is very modern yet cozy and truly pays homage to the cuisine being served. The menu is beautiful and the food is delicious. Make sure you try the crab fried rice, it is incredible. The owner of the restaurant, Nok, is incredibly gracious, charming and personable. Nok is a true gem and a pleasure to talk to in addition to bring an artist in the kitchen. My experience at Kalaya was truly magical and I can't wait to go back!The owner is super friendly. The service is equally as friendly and attentive. The food itself is amazing - beautifully plated, fresh and full of flavor. I love that it's BYOB too!This is the most authentic Thai food that you could ever find. The curry was so flavorful and the aroma ... yummmmm...  the papaya salad was to die for!!! I couldn't tolerate spice but this was too good to not try. Just get a glass of their thai tea! We got the chicken curry with coconut rice, crabmeat curry with vermicelli, an extra side of jasmine rice, and papaya salad with sticky rice. The price is reasonable due to authenticity!OK, I have to believe I visited the Upside Down version of Kalaya.  My experience was absolutely sub standard and the prices were ridiculous, based on the portions and lack of flavor. 
First, I will admit most of the time, take out is not going to be as good as eating in.  That said, in picking up our meal, the noise level on a Sat. night exceeded anything I have ever experienced in a restaurant.  It was deafening.  There is no way I ever could have enjoyed any meal with that amount of noise.  I've been to tractor pulls that were less noisy. 
Now onto the food.  Bland, bland, bland.  What can I say.  Better food at Panda Express by far.  $19.00 for four slugs of monkfish (that is the whole order, no vegetables or sauce), which was dry and tasteless.  The crab curry that everyone raves about had flaccid noodles and basically tasted as though they just poured coconut milk over the noodles.  We also got the cabbage dish.  Which was barely cooked and again, completely flavorless.  That is hard to accomplish with fish sauce, but that was our experience.  Coconut milk rice.  Again, just tasted as though they added sugar to rice.  But at least it had some flavor.Wonderful food, great service, attentive owners and chef. The only issue is that the tables are too small for all the wonderful foods we ordered, lol :)
I recommend the glass noddles, Bronzino, and the dumplings. Best Thai food I've had in a long time... possibly ever.Let me start by saying that the reviews that rave about the delicious food are all true. The food is beautiful, loaded with flavor, spice and everything nice. The mom's khao yum kamin salad was so flavorful with coconut, dried shrimp, vegetables, chili flakes.. served at the table with a beautiful presentation of each item placed in the dish separately and the server comes to mix the bowl. This salad with its flavor and texture was delightful. The fried rice along with the crab coconut curry was rich and depth-filled. I ordered the shrimp with glass noodles by recommendation from our server and she did not steer me wrong. The dish is infused with flavor then baked in a pot. I'm telling you, the shrimp was huge and meaty and almost tasted like I was eating hearty pieces of crab (and that's a good thing). The place is cute and the service was exceptional but the noise level was practically unbearable. We were celebrating my birthday and couldn't even have a conversation. We didn't stay for dessert because we couldn't hear each other. We were told at one point that they were working on the acoustics of the room this coming week. It sounds like they are going to do something to help with the noise level. I can't say enough about the food, though. Really wonderful meals! (And it's a byob and wine was flowing!)I came on the first day of their soft opening. Service, atmosphere, quality of food was extraordinary. This is not your normal Thai place. Get your taste buds prepared. They make everything from scratch and you can tell. They don't dumb down the spices -- the dishes really pack a punch so be ready for it. That being said, half of the dishes (chicken curry, wok fried pork) I ordered were pretty spicy, and very tasty. The other dishes I ordered were the crab fried rice and the golden pouch appetizer, which were divine. You pay for what you get.
The menu is family style and they had a nice variety on there. With 4 people, we ordered 4 dishes + 1 dessert (mango and sweet rice) and we all left 100% full. This place is also BYO which is great! The owners Nok and My-Le are very driven women who have a incredible story.Absolutely astounding. Service is superb and the food- oh my LORD!
I got the ceviche, king Klingon nua and Kaho pad poo. 
Everything was truly amazing!!!If I were a good person, I would write up every single detail of our dinner and notate it here so that future diners could take advantage of it. Alas, a few weeks have passed and memory has faded away the names of exact dishes that we ate. 
Here's what I do remember: Every plate and bowl we received was eaten with exclamations of delight. Staff were warm and kind -- opening our BYOB, not blinking when the table next to us gifted us the rest of their BYOB, etc. The interior was cozy and neighborhoody. They had one table outside.
The place was delicious and unlike any other Thai place I've ever been to. I really, really want to go back.Is this the best Thai place in Philly?  Yes, Yes it is.
If you are looking for an authentic Thai experience where they don't skimp on the flavor (or the chillis) this is your kinda place.  Not only that this place is BYOB, and believe me you are gonna need it if you get their beef salad because when they say level 3 spice that just means that's a level 3 when you start eating it.  But with something this flavorful you just have to throw caution to the wind and get with the program.
The menu is varied with a large selection of dishes you are unlikely to find anywhere else.  For us we had 4 people and shared 3 appetizers (chicken wings, beef salad, tapioca dumplings), 1 large soup special (tom yum), 1 noodle dish (shrimp with glass noodle), 1 curry (chicken), and 1 vegetable (eggplant), and 1 dessert (panacotta) and it was just the right amount of food.  We had only a little bit of soup for left overs.
First of all everything we had was good maybe with the exception of the chicken wings, it was a little bit bland compared to everything else.  I think I feel this way because everything else I had was much stronger in flavor that it overwhelmed the wings.  The stand out dishes for me were the tapioca dumplings, the tom yum soup, and the beef salad.  the tom yum soup special was presented with 3 large river prawns head and all and it was so rich and flavorful that I'm already missing it as I'm writing this review.  The most surprising though were the tapioca dumplings.  being used to bubble tea and what not I had an expectation of what a tapioca dumpling would taste like and I was pleasantly surprised when within the delicate tapioca exterior burst forth a nice filling of meat and mushrooms.  As mentioned in the first paragraph, they do not skimp on the chilies, this philosophy is on full display in the beef salad.  The curry chicken and glass noodles were also good but a little more standard fair but the curry chicken is still the best I've had as far as other Thai curries.  To top is off the panacotta at the end of the meal was perfect punctuation after a night of bold heat and flavor.
If you enjoy a truly unique Thai meal with dishes that you've never had before and will challenge you a little on the spice level then you will love this place.  If you are looking for a mild pad tai chicken keep walking there's nothing to see here:-).Fantastic. The crab curry, whole steamed fish, coconut rice, all amazing. The staff is amazing as well, so friendly and welcoming, it's really nice to be treated so well.  Can't wait to return.This place is the best Thai in Philadelphia. There have been a few other restaurants that were good Thai spots over the years, burning if them have held up. This is new, so I hope it stands the rest of time, but it's delicious. The menu is small, but it was still hard to choose from the options available. They all sounded spectacular. 
I'm excited to go back.All other Thai restaurants in Philadelphia are inferior. This is Thai food at its finest. Prepare to see items you won't find outside of Bangkok / on standard Thai menus. Be courageous - be full!Great Thai!
My best impression of Kalaya Thai was after I had leftovers from my meal the next day.  The one thing I didn't sample the night of my first visit was the coconut rice.  I had requested a side order of coconut rice to accompany some leftover curry and it might have been the best coconut rice I've ever had.  This coconut rice is worthy of being a main dish.  Before your first bite, this coconut rice hits your sense of smell because it is soo coconutly and garlicky fragrant.  I'm not exactly sure what else is in this side dish but there were cloves of roasted garlic and nuttiness of the coconut was sooo evident.  I tried it again a few nights later and it is indeed a main attraction.  I've never had a coconut rice like this before.
The Shrimp Ceviche was deceptively spicy.  These was also some fresh garlic slices but wow it was jalapeño spicy.  The raw shrimp was decidedly crisp, fresh and tasty.  The bitter melon and cabbage did very little to sooothe my flaming taste buds from the red hot Thai Chili.  Que the Thai Iced Tea for this dish's arrival.
The Crab Curry with Rice Vermicelli included cucumbers, long beans and cabbage.  This dish was really great.  I was told this was leaving the menu so it was a good choice for my first visit.  I had some leftover crab Curry after I finished my noodles which I deliciously paired with a bowl of coconut rice the next day.
On another night after a new menu was introduced I was able to try a delicately Steamed Bronzino.  The Bronzino was beautifully plated and delivered to the table in a fish outlined plate on top of a heat source.  As a bonus, the very personable and smiley head chef Nok, came out at the same moment that I was snapping a picture and jumped right into the picture!  As a final step, she also deboned my fish for me!  Great Service!  As for the fish, the seafood broth it was steamed in was very pleasant and slightly acidic.  The flesh cooked perfectly and a great match with the fragrant coconut rice.
The service, including the Head Chef, was really personable and polished as she made her way around the dining room visiting each table.  I'll definitely be back for sure, with an eye for that coconut rice, already on my mind.Is there another word for restaurant? Because this isn't quite a restaurant as a place where you can take part in food artistry in real time. This isn't your typical Thai Restaurant - you know the drill - - "I'll choose the pad thai with chicken with the two-pepper hotness, you choose the beef red curry with the three-pepper hotness, they'll throw that together in the kitchen  and we'll share..." 
This is a completely different experience from beginning to end. You will miss out on a once in a lifetime appetizer if you pass on the ceviche - it's UNLIKE ANY ceviche you've ever tried (although spicy!! - for me that is a plus!) For my main entrée, I ordered Kang poo pak tai - crabmeat curry served with rice vermicelli, cucumber and long bean. My date had the chicken curry with cilantro and coconut rice... Oh, by the WAY! The coconut rice was SLIGHTLY BROWNED - and you KNOW that's the best part of the rice. He said it was the best chicken curry he had ever had. Probably so, as he only offered me one spoonful, when usually we share.  My crabmeat dish was divine! I would have liked a bit more vermicelli with my meal, but I probably would have gotten it if I had asked. 
All the servers seem to work as a team, so you're not sure who your main server is - that's unique to me - but very terrific too, because you can ask any one of them for anything that you need.  Just...please people - make reservations.So so good. Everything was just a little different in such a good way. Curry had a hint of fish sauce with multi layer taste to it. Highly recommend. Children wings was nice and crispy. Decor comfortable. It's a small place. Lunch and dinner is the same menu. BYOB. Service 5 star! Durian sticky rice was even better than the one we had in Thailand.Last week we visited kalaya the #thaifood restaurant .its a very small eatery probably  fit only a 25 people.building located near the famous Italian market in philly. decor is simple rustic .welcoming.We ordered different dishes.crab fried rice was good ,crab curry as well. Sure its a very authentic preparations of Thai food and they don't substitute the Menus at all which I liked very much 
all together the experience  was good and enjoyable 
I recommend make a reservation before you go thereAs a Thai I have to say this place is best of the best Thai food Ive ever had in the USA!
Me and my husband turned up around 8.30pm on a Saturday - the restaurant was already pretty busy but we were seated right away.
It's a lively, colourful, bustling restaurant - full of life and noise. Although it seems busy but the service is extremely great, the owner team are so nice, attentive and friendly. We had Laab Mushroom, Pla koong, Kau kling Nua and Crab meat curry with rice noodle. My husband said Laab and pla koong were stunning !! I think so too ! The taste was right there !! Took first bite and all favor stuck in the mouth. All dishes are gorgeous and their food is absolutely delicious, first class and to die for. It was so AMAZING!! Fresh, delicious and so generous in portion size. I did not want to leave but I was satiated lol I couldn't eat another crumb. My husband loves this meal so much and he still talk about it even we were home already. I've never heard he said that to any restaurant before. We highly recommend and We will definitely return.This is some of the best food I've ever had. So vibrant in flavor and amazing service as well! Order the cabbage. The chicken curry and crab curry are out of this world. Also their tapioca dumplings are a delight.Great service, delicious food, but high enough prices for small enough portions that it sadly won't be on our regular roster. I'd love to see another vegetarian main dish as well - the dry veggie curry was not as complex or interesting as the other 5 amazing dishes we ate.This is one of my new favorite restaurants here or in Thailand. The whole chicken basking in massiman was delightful. The fish cakes, cabbage, and beef salad were perfectly executed. Be warned...these dishes really feel homemade and original. If you are expecting generic Thai food, this is not the place. I would consider Kalaya a truly foodie spot for upscale Thai food.Definitely make a reservation, especially on the weekend. A very busy and tiny BYOB, so it's crowded and noisy. The waitstaff seemed overwhelmed and confused, but despite the mishaps, we were pleased with our food. This is true authentic Thai, with flavors and ingredients you won't find at your usual Pad Thai place. I highly recommend the crab curry and the minced pork. Hands down the best Thai food in Philly.A little bit overpriced and the dishes are imbalanced, either blistering hot or just bland. The monkfish dish tastes good - although bland, but is served just like chicken nuggets (with nothing else in the plate). Crab cake was also bland.This place is the real deal!  Great service delivering yummy authentic Thai food with the right amount of heat and flavor.  The chicken curry, stir fried pork and whole branzino were delicious. The coconut rice and sticky rice were perfect!  They even had durian with sticky rice for dessert.  If you are looking for a typical American Thai restaurant with Pad Thai and drunken noodles this place is not for you.  Tip - portions are not huge some are on the small side so order plenty and know that the spice heat cannot be adjusted in either direction but there are options for folks that don't like too much heat.  A new favorite - definitely return over and over and over.....Our search for truly authentic and tasty Thai has finally come to an end. We went to Kalaya during their soft opening and we were blown away.
My wife and I moved here from Allentown, PA which had a fantastic Thai restaurant and we have been looking around Philadelphia for the same delicious and well prepared food. We found some nice spots but nothing that ever compared until Kalaya.
We tried their mushroom salad for an appetizer. It was full of flavor and you could really taste the fresh ingredients. We had the chicken curry and stir fried pork as our entree and both were tender, delicious and spicy. Most of all they had finally satisfied our craving for super delicious Thai food.
We will be back often. Try it I promise you will love it!Beautiful authentic Thai cuisine!  Michelin Star worthy!! So fresh and delicious.  The food is prepared with so much love and care. Fabulous service!  Wonderful dining experience. Treat yourself!All other Thai restaurants in Philadelphia (and possibly the US) are inferior. 
This is Thai food at its finest. Prepare to see items you won't find outside of Bangkok / on standard Thai menus. 
Be courageous - and trust that Nok is an exquisite chef with an arsenal of recipes you won't find in the states. This is one of the few days places Thai people come to eat (try Wat Mongkoltepmunee on a Sunday/Thai holiday) and everyone else gets to see that Thai food is so much more than Pad Thai.  
Try anything on the menu and you won't regret it. Ask Nok what she recommends and you will not forget it. 
BYOB for the win.This is probably the most authentic Thai food I've ever had in the US! Most Thai food here are way too sweet, but dishes here are spicy, which is good! The chicken curry with coconut rice was delicious and u just can's stop eating. Mango sticky rice was ok, because mango was not sweet at all. But please do try their pineapple pana cotta!I have admittedly not had a lot of high end thai food, but this was the best I've ever had. Every dish was delightful. Loved the mushroom salad and the shrimp glass noodles.I've been here 3 times now, and it's really excellent to have a top notch Thai restaurant in the city.  Really authentic and distinct flavors and dishes.  It's not takeout Thai food, nor does it come in a huge fancy space.  This is a charming, intimate, byob spot that has all of the feels of a family's kitchen and dining room.  My favorite dishes happen to be the spiciest (as always) but the spice here is absolutely no joke, and they can't reel it back in.  So beware!  Be sure to bring some champagne to help with the spice!Friendly neighborhood BYOB. Spicy food in a wonderful near south Philadelphia location.   Beef Curry was not to my liking with granular burnt beef served solo in a bowl - but I've been told this is just another way the dish is prepared.     Ceviche shrimp was perfectly prepared and not overly weighed down with heavy sauce.   Coconut rice and chicken Pad Thai were flavorful and more accurately spiced . . .  Assume all dishes will be hot with a kick and order accordingly.
Staff and managers were over the top friendly and attentive, but regretfully the physical space is unwelcoming.   Air conditioning is not well calibrated and the noise levels are absolutely unbearable.  The latter sadly is enough to keep me from returning;  M
my ears are literally ringing now as I write this.  Noise mufflin surfaces might help?    But after reading the reviews on Open Table, I see this issue is pervasive and remains unaddressed.   Kalaya is definitely not the place for a quiet intimate dinner.   Hope the noise issue can be resolved.Don't believe the hype.  This place is nothing special.  Rubbery fishcakes.  A ground duck salad that is fiery hot to the point of almost inedible.  The Chicken Curry is on par with every other Thai restaurant in Philly.  Our wok-fried cabbage never arrived.I think I have a new favorite restaurant in Philly. This place is phenomenal - everything we tried was fantastic and had incredible flavors and just the perfect amount of spice. The family recipes and care and thought that goes into each dish really shows when dining here. I cannot wait to go back and try their summer menu. A stand out were the sakoo sai appetizer dumplings - shiitake and peanut in a tapioca and blue pea flower. One of the best things I've ever eaten. HIGHLY recommend checking this place out, I can't wait to go back!i guess people want to kid themselves that the food is good when you are paying $30 for a small plate of fried rice.. we couldn't be fooled.  not flexible with soy allergy. poor reaction when we requested a high chair for my 2 year old nephew. the service and food aren't well rounded enough for what you'd expect to be served at this price point. pass.We went to try restaurant after reading all the reviews. We went there for early dinner so there weren't any line. The host and servers are very friendly attentive. The chef also came out and talked with customers. 
We ordered 4 things
Tod Munn - Thai fish cake. Overall we give this 3/5. Their fish cake is homemade which is nice but it is a little too salty for us
Lard hed - grilled king oysters mushrooms salad. 5/5 the smoked thinly sliced mushrooms went so well together with Thai salad dressing (a little sweet and sour)
Klang Kai Kao Mun - chicken curry with coconut rice. 4/5 the curry and coconut rice are not too sweet like other americanized thai restaurant. One point taken due to the portion size
Pla Nung Ma Nao - steamed fish with spicy-sour soup. 5/5 I like that the host offered to de-bones the fish for us, that is extra step I had ever experience at the restaurant. 
Overall- authentic Thai food with nice atmosphere. Highly recommend to someone who are open to try new type of Thai food. 
Tip* BYOB and make reservation in advance
*Warning* this is not typical Thai restaurant. They have small selection on the menu and their food portion does run kind of small. They don't serve Pad Thai, Pad se-ew or drunken noodle that you are used to. If that is what you looking for, don't come here.Went last night with friends.  As others have commented (and hopefully some will read this before they go):
- the acoustics is loud but convivial (a 2 top left, noting they couldn't hear each other)
- the layout is snug (be prepared to be elbowed occasionally)
- the food was VERY good, just not great for the price and portion. We shared and ate all of:
tod mun pla (fishcake)
yum nua ma kua poa (beef salad)
kua kling nua (beef curry)
kang poo pak tai (crab curry)
pla thod kamin (monkfish)
pad ma kua yao tal jieow (eggplant)
Service was overall very good, except one staff was persistent in trying to clear plates that weren't finished. That became annoying.
I wish I could give this 3.5 stars.  Overall, we enjoyed it and recommend trying this at least one time to experience dishes not available at other Thai spots.Everything we ate was so so good, but the soup was maybe the best thing  I've ever tasted. Chef came over to talk to us and other diners. Service was excellent. Atmosphere was great and the playlist was on point. And the cost isn't bad because it's a BYO. We got the check and were shocked it was so low. I had to double check they charged us for everything.I was so psyched to try this much hyped about authentic Thai restaurant in South Philly. I love Thai food and visited Thailand about 10 years ago. The restaurant is near Ralph's Italian restaurant and sarcones (amazing italian bread!). Street parking is available, but can be hard to find on a weekend. We were able to snag a reservation on a Friday night and I would definitely recommend making one before going. There were people waiting for 40+ minutes for a table! The restaurant is very small, looks like an old row home, and they tried to fit as many tables as possible so expect to get cozy! Noise is still an issue, very hard to hear your server and have a conversation on a busy night. Waitstaff were super nice and had great recs, the owners were also very nice and checked in on the diners throughout the night. 
But the most important part? The food! and it left me unimpressed, was it good? Yes. Amazing and I would come again again for? No. They definitely have authentic dishes, not typically seen at Thai restaurants, so there is NO pad Thai or drunken noodles to be found on the menu. For 2 of us, We tried the chicken curry with coconut rice, the cabbage dish everyone raves about and the kua kling na (dried beef curry). There is no option for spice levels, it is served as the chef determines which is great, and my friend and I can eat spicy food but these dishes were super spicy! Besides spice, the flavor overall for both curry dishes was lacking. The chicken curry was primarily creamy and spicy and when paired with the coconut rice it comes with, makes the dish very sweet. With jasmine rice, it's more bland. The dried beef curry was ok. Cabbage was also just ok. Everyone raves about the coconut rice and honestly it's good, but in Chinese/Vietnamese cultures, it almost tastes like a dessert sticky rice we call xoi. The rice wasn't sticky but it was quite sweet and honestly the sweetness was prob intended to offset the spiciness of the foods but it was odd for us. 
Prices are high for the amount and quality of food offered and the setting. About $20 for each curry dish and it was about 1 - 1 1/2 cups in each bowl. Rice was also about a cup to cup and Half, they were nice about giving us more and not charging, we needed it for the spice! Extra nice perk? BYOB! Not so nice thing we learned? They have a cake cutting fee  my friend and I brought a small chocolate cake to share to celebrate, and we were told it would cost us $24 for the cake cutting fee, guys our little cake was $15 and that they don't really allow for other desserts to be brought in.  My friend initially didn't understand what they were saying (because it was so loud) and was like we don't need you to cut it or give us extra plates, we'll eat right out of the tray! LOL. Still a no go so we unfortunately didn't get to have our dessert there, so we just went back to her place to have our red wine and chocolate cake! The owners told us they have desserts, we knew that and just didn't want any of those. Well, lesson learned!
Go to try dishes not normally found at other Thai restaurants, but be prepared to pay much more than you normally would, order a lot to get full or eat a ton of rice, you'll prob need it anyway, BYOB and poss BYOM (milk) depending on your spice tolerance and don't bring any other desserts!Went to this Thai restaurant with a party of 4 and had to wait 45 minutes on a Wednesday night!  Highly recommend making reservations as it gets super packed and the restaurant is small.  
For the price of the dishes, the portions are very small.  We ordered the baked shrimp noodles, chicken wings, papaya salad, chicken curry, and pork stir fried with shrimp paste.  The baked shrimp with glass noodles dish only came with 3 shrimp.  The dishes were like the size of my hand, and they are all meant to be shared family style... 
Flavor-wise, the dishes tasted pretty good and authentic.  The coconut rice had amazing flavor and my favorite thing that I ate.  Highly recommend getting that if you go.Currently my favorite restaurant in Philly. This place is phenomenal - everything we tried was fantastic and had incredible flavors and just the perfect amount of spice. The family recipes and care and thought that goes into each dish really shows when dining here. A stand out were the sakoo sai hed appetizer dumplings - shiitake and peanut in a tapioca and blue pea flower. One of the best things I've ever eaten. The toasted beef curry has such a perfect level of spice. Chicken curry is also fantastic. And the side of wok fried cabbage is not to be missed!First time here and I've been looking forward to a meal here for months and I was underwhelmed with the service (aside from the friendly host). It took 30 minutes before a server came to our table to read the specials. And they rushed us out after an hour claiming they had another reservation. Disappointing to say the least. Food had amazing flavors but was slightly too spicy (and we enjoy spicy food!). Last time my friends came they were asked about the spice level and this time they never inquired about it. Would give this place another fair shot.A great experience through and through. We arrived at the restaurant without a reservation (we called earlier in the day and was notified there was no open reservations left but there were walk-in tables). The host kindly informed us that all the tables were taken and reservations were booked for the rest of the night. We were ready to leave but she saw the disappointment in our faces and said just wait 10 minutes. And not 5 minutes later, there was a cancellation and we were seated promptly. We were so grateful! The menu was a bit overwhelming but our server was happy to explain each dish. We decided on the tom yum soup, crab meat curry, and papaya salad. All were excellent and complemented each other. The papaya salad was fresh, the curry was spicy, and the tom yum soup was super flavorful. Very happy that there is an authentic Thai place in philly. And can't wait to go back!We were really looking forward to trying this place ! We both loved our entrees (whole branzino and massamum curry.)
Service was great. Be careful with the spice level! We could have used more helping putting our meal together (apps that matched our entrees.) But the biggest disappointment was NO dessert available. I love a small sweet bite after an extravagant meal. The lack of dessert left me feeling the price point wasn't quite worth it.We had an incredible meal here. Every dish was flavorful and unique. It's a small place, and a little crowded inside, but the food more than makes up for it. This place is the real deal.My wife and I came in for dinner. We didn't have reservations but we were seated almost right away. That was nice. They were pretty packed for a Friday. It took a while for someone to bring us water I would say about 5 mins or so. They seem liked they had 2 waitresses and 2 bussers. For a Friday I think they were severely understaffed. It took about 10-15 minutes for someone to come back to us to take our order. We ordered our Apps and Entrees at the same time. We also ordered a Sticky Rice which the waitress missed. The wings were great. it had a nice sweet and salty flavor to it and the skin was extra crispy. The beef curry was spicy and was the second best dish we had. The crab fried rice was mediocre at best. We've definitely had better at other places. Overall food wasn't bad. Service was bad. No one came to check on us the whole time. The environment was rather loud. We had a table about 2 feet from us if that, so you were kinda packed in there. I could literally hear the conversation they were having even if I didn't want to eavesdrop. I really wanted to like this place however the food was meh overall and the service was bad. The 2 stars were primarily for the wings but I don't think we'll be back.Great food with a home cooked taste. Unique dishes not your usual curries. Chef Nok is great and will try to add more vegan dishes.I eat out frequently at the top restaurants throughout the city.  The food, service, sincerity, here are unmatched. The Bronzino, shrimp with glass noodle, curry chicken and panna cotta were all excellent. The chef made a special hot sauce for me since I love spicy. Will return soon.I had really high expectations before coming here. Lot of yelp reviews are 4-5 stars and my friends raved about this place so much. 
Thai food and Indian food is actually few of my favorite cuisines, and this place seemed like it was more of a mix of Indian and Thai food flavors, especially the chicken curry. It did not feel like I was having that authentic Thai curry (which is what I was hoping for in a Thai restaurant). Also, I feel like the spiciness in the curry was coming from lot of black pepper, instead of Thai chilies. The chicken wings were actually delicious! I'd def order that again, but I don't think I'd order anything else from here again. 
Reservation is a must! Tables gets filled very quickly! 
Ambience is nothing fancy. The place is very small and cozy, and EXTREMELY LOUD! I could barely have a conversation with my fiancée without screaming. 
BYOB! 
Service was great at first, but as the place was getting busier and busier, the waitress forgot to give us something that we reminded her at least 3-4 times, which was no big deal but slightly annoying. She did go over the menu with us since it was our first time here, and she went over few of their most popular dishes to order. 
Although the food is very flavorful, I'd not come back here again because it's not authentic Thai food. Another reason to give this a 3 star is that the portion sizes are small compared to any other Thai restaurants, and prices are outrageous! It's BYOB, and our dinner meal for 2 people was close to $100, which I was extremely shocked about. I have paid about $50-$60 for 2 people meals at any other Thai restaurants. Here the appetizers were about $15 each and entrees were about $23.My friends and I showed up to this restaurant in hopes of trying it. Here's the thing: we totally understood that we were a very large party and were willing to accommodate the restaurant's high-volume time by splitting into separate groups of 3 (there were 6 of us). They were so unprofessional and refused to accommodate us at all. Not to mention, we travelled across town after calling in to confirm it would be okay and was told it would be an hour. We were willing to wait long , break apart, and do whatever necessary to try this place but there was a refusal of any accommodation for the entire night. We had also called in advance to clear it with the restaurant. And showed up to a refusal.I've been waiting eagerly for a serious Thai restaurant to open in Philadelphia since I moved here, and this is it. We had a terrific meal. The food is beautifully presented and packed with flavor. The menu is thoughtfully considered and the dishes balance each other extremely well. Everything was delicious, but the mushroom laab, steamed bronzino, stir fried monkfish, and dry red curry were particular standouts. We had a few small issues with the server mixing up our order, but the restaurant is brand new, so I'll chalk it up to growing pains. The food is on par with the best Thai food I've had in New York, the Bay Area, and Los Angeles.  It's an exciting addition to Philly's dining scene, and I can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu!I think Philly finally got the long overdue authentic Thai restaurant it deserves. Get the chicken curry and stir fried pork - the coconut rice that compliments it was amazingly fragrant. You know it's authentic when they won't adjust the spice level of the curry as well.
The music they played also added an authenticity piece - reminded me of my time in Thailand.Probably the most authentic Thai food you're going to find in Philly. Nok (the owner) was also super nice and friendly and came to talk to us. Prices are on the higher end and portions on the smaller side, but the food tasted really good. Highly recommend the crab curry and cabbage dishes. One downside is that the acoustics in the restaurant wasn't the best - very loud.Just keeping it real here. 
The staff really pushed the dumplings. I was heavily urged to try them based on waiters recommendation as he repeatedly mentioned the prep time and position them as a "work of art". They were ok at best. The dumplings are a bright blue ball with a weird overly gummy texture which tasted like Thai peanut sauce inside . I would not recommend them. 
The fish cakes are nothing special either. They just come with a side of Sweet thai sauce. 
Wings...meh.  Fried wings with another side of sweet Thai sauce. Nothing to write home about. 
We also had the crab meet curry. We enjoyed it and it's what keeps me from giving 1 start. 
Lastly the noise is over the top loud. They should invest in some sound dampening ceiling tiles. 
The best part is that it's byob and they take credit cards. So it's easy to pay and I was able to sip my favorite cocktail while eating this mediocre food.My family can be hard to please, if they're coming all the way from the burbs, the food better be good, and not too expensive, and not too spicy, but some spicy, and BYOB, and not too trendy, or too loud, and also probably should be Asian. Happy to report they loved Kalaya Thai Kitchen and my dad even said he'd come back!
For 5 people we ordered:
-Laab Ped- ground duck with delicious spices and herbs and lettuce if you want to make wraps. This was xxx level spicy and it was pretty spicy for me, and I consider myself to have a decent spice threshold.  
-Yum Nua Ma Kua Poa- true to its name this beef salad was YUMMY. Highly recommend this dish. There's no iceberg in this salad, so if that's what you're use to, lettuce warn you that you won't find that here.
-Sakoo Sai Hed- purple tapioca dumplings with mushroom and peanut filling. These were good but not our favorite, there wasn't much filling inside.
-Kang Gai Khao Moon- this chicken curry was AMAZING.
-Pla Nung Manao- Whole steamed branzino- this took a long time to prepare, but it was worth the wait! They bring it out on a beautiful fish shaped plate and filet it tableside (so no need to worry if you are leery of the fish head). It was delicious and fresh.
-Pad Ma Kua Yao Tao Jieow- eggplant with thai basil and long hots- delicious. They even sent out an extra one because the fish took a long time to cook, much appreciated!
- Coconut and Jasmine rice (they also have sticky rice).
-Dulce de leche cheesecake with figs - didn't seem very thai but it was delicious. They also had coconut panna cotta, but we wished they had more thai desserts like mango sticky rice.
A few things to note: 
-Similar to my policy with dating, you will not find any noods here. No, not even drunken noods, no pad thai, no pad siew. So if that's your go-to menu section, you're going to have to curry favor with another part of the menu or go fishing around somewhere else. 
-Spice levels- they will not adjust the spice level for you, so if you can't take the heat, get out of Kalaya Thai Kitchen! 
-Don't forget to BYOB! They also have Thai Tea.
-The portions are small. This is great because you can get more things! But just be warned so you don't underorder. We probably could have ordered more and had leftovers or just been more full because it was so delicious.
-Appetizers and salads range in price from about $12-20, mains are $17-28, vegetable sides around $10. Dishes are family style and don't all come out at once so, as Barney taught us, share.
Highly recommend if you are into authentic Thai food. I can't wait to come back and try more dishes!Ate here Friday with some friends and we really enjoyed. Everything was fresh. You can really tell that it was fresh and great ingredients.  Coconut rice was delicious.  I had the Moo Pad Kapi and really loved it.  Spicy but not painful. The chef did a great job with it.  
The tapioca dumplings were great.  Definitely a different texture but I enjoyed them a lot.
The chef came out to chat with us and was really pleasant. My friend didn't order a starch because he's diabetic.  The chef ran through options and brought out some fresh cabbage and told a story about her and her mom and how she made cabbage everyday in a different way.
Really nice people putting out really high quality food.  If you enjoy some spice, this is the place.Five stars for quality and taste, just amazing what they do with the curry flavors, the sweet and tangy broth for the steamed fish. The Tom yum soup was my favorite, picture the best Tom yum soup you've had, but even better, they mixed sweet, sour, spicy, in a perfect blend, and the presentation showed great detail with the shrimp head and tails placed in a well designed manner. 
3 stars for portions and price as we ordered over $130 worth of food and felt like we needed to grab pizza at angelos next door. 
Service was nice and the staff was attentive to what we wanted and gave recommendations. They have outdoor seating as well. 
For dinners, definitely get a reservation cause this place gets packed, and for a good reason.This place is amazing!! Second time ordering take out from them and the quality is JUST as good as dining in. I hope to see them go far!  The owners are also very friendly!Okay so I've been dying to try this place. I've heard so many people recommend this place for Thai or food in general. Prices are kinda steep so budget for like $40-$50pp.
We came at opening (5pm), but yeah definitely recommend a reservation if you have more than 2 people as the place is small and the tables are tightly packed. 
For starters we got the tapioca dumplings with pork. Super unique and flavorful! Chewy Mochi like texture on the outside, spicy pork filled flavor bomb on the inside. Super refreshing with the cucumber slice and cilantro. 
For entrees, we got the wok friend pork and the chicken curry. The chicken curry is super spicy so beware. Three red x's is spicy by asian standards. The wok fried port was also amazing. All of the meat was juicy and succulent. Both came with rice so we got one jasmine and one coconut. The coconut rice is life changing. We also got the stir fried eggplant which was a good side dish. 
Finally when it came time for the check, they asked if there was room for dessert. I said sure, there's only one. The coconut panna cotta with fresh pineapple was the dessert I never knew I needed. Amazing.
I'm dying to come back for other things here. So definitely will be back. Next time with reservations.Fabulous authentic Thai with great service, an exciting menu, and BYO to boot! We are so lucky. Its nearest peer is Little Serow in DC and this place offers more choices. Can't wait to go again.
Updated-- went again a week later! The beef salad is incredible, and whatever you do order lots of coconut rice.Best meal I ever had tonite.  Had whole steamed fish which was filleted at the table by chef/owner.  Crab curry was flavorful and cabbage side dish is unique.  Cannot recommend any higher.  Each meal there is an adventure!Most authentic Thai food I've had in years!  You can't go wrong with anything you chose.  Amazing!Kalaya was delicious but its spiciness isn't for the faint of hear.  We got the Shaw Muang (blue tapioca dumplings), Chu Chee Hoi Shell (scallop curry), Kang Ghai Khao Mun (chicken curry), Kalum Tod Nam Pla (cabbage), and a thai iced tea.  The dumplings had a little kick to them but it was blended in well with all the other flavors.  The scallop curry, 2/4 on their spice scale, had some serious kick that was almost too much to handle for the gluten-free girl.  The chicken curry, 3/4, packed a serious punch.  I'm a glutton for pain so I enjoyed it but be careful.  The iced tea and cabbage did a terrific job cutting through some of the heat, I recommend that (and so did our great waiter) no matter what.  The owner stopped by to check on the food a couple times which isn't a big deal but I really appreciate that gesture.  We will be returning on another special date night.Our Taste of Kalaya meal for 2 was amazing.  I chose the Kang Pu plate because of the anticipation of crab curry. Each of the 3 dishes were so, so flavorful. Crab curry: abundant amount of lump crab, on the spicier side but also with a sweetness and saltiness that made me want more. Pad Sator: stinky beans were new to me - hearty, flavorful (and didn't really have an aroma that I noticed), and the shrimp were giant. Mara Pad Kai: bitter melon was also new for me and took a couple of bites to get used to, but found I really liked it combined with the other ingredients as the bites went on. I literally woke up excited to have leftovers in the morning. 
Also - delivery service was right on time (requested 8:45pm on Saturday).
We'd been to Kalaya in person one time right before things closed and were so excited to be able to order delivery. Also heard they pivoted to help provide food for healthcare workers in the community  during the pandemic. Glad to support this business.Finally, a Thai restaurant that lives up to the high standards of the Philly food scene. I've not had a more satisfying Thai meal in recent memory or probably ever. 
The restaurant is named after Kalaya, the owner's mother and the menu is a tribute to her outstanding homemade recipes. It's so refreshing to not see red/yellow/green curry or the now mainstream Tom yum or Tom Kha soups on the menu. We tried the fish cakes which sounded great on paper but didn't quite hit the right notes for me. 
Our next round however was heaven for my palette. The giant crab fried rice is loaded with crab and spices and is a little expensive when compared to usual Thai staples but it's a great to share for a party size of 2-4.
The chicken curry is reminiscent of your usual Thai curries but this one trumps every Thai curry you've eaten before. It's spicy, it's flavorful and it packs in a kick unlike no other. This comes with soft, fragrant coconut rice which is so delicious that it can also be eaten on its own.
We also tried a portion of the eggplant stir fry which is a great vegetarian option and it pairs really well with jasmine rice or coconut rice. If crab fried rice isn't your thing, I'd definitely recommend getting portions of these. 
Kalaya is here to stay. It's a fantastic addition to Philly's gastronomic repertoire.Amazing. Get the tom soup.. everything on the menu is amazing.. got the cabbage, fish cakes .. and the crab curry. Highly reccomendThis was my second time dining here.  The food was on point.  I haven't had better thai in the city.  
Get the sakoo sai moo.  They are a real treat.  If you need another appetizer, any of the laab are incredible and flavorful.  My wife and I love both options.
And of course the entrees are out of this world. Deep, flavorful, spicy (in all the right ways).  We have not had a bad dish let alone even an okay dish, everything has been spot on.  
It can be hard to get in there sometimes but it's worth the trip even for out of towners.  A real gem.Unique and incredible Thai food! Everything we tried was delicious but the crab curry really stood out with amazing flavor and spice. The hardest part was choosing what to get because everything sounds so good, I'll definitely try all new things next time. Highly recommend!Kalaya has been our list for some time now, and we finally ordered takeout last weekend. It was worth the wait! We don't typically order Thai food, so we really have no baseline to compare it to, but we can tell that Kalaya is top notch!
We started our meal off with the sakoo moo, tapioca dumplings with pork + peanut filling. Yelp reviewers spoke very highly of these guys, so we had to try. They were a very different type of dumpling - the tapioca casing was unlike anything we've had before, and the filling was incredibly flavorful. A kick of spice too, but nothing too over-powering. For our mains, I opted for the kang ghai khao mun, the chicken curry dish. Again, chose this based on Yelp reviewers and their high praise! I was also forewarned that this was loaded with spice - I am definitely not someone who tolerates spice well, but I was willing to try! Honestly, the spice wasn't TOO crazy - I definitely wiped my runny nose a lot haha, but the coconut rice cut the spice a lot. This rice was so creamy and flavorful, I could eat it by itself! The flavors in the chicken were very strong and worked well with the rice, and the dish was pretty substantial - I wound up saving half for another day. My fiancee got ghai pad king, basically a stir-fry chicken with jasmine rice. The flavors were certainly simpler than mine, but still very well done. The ginger was a nice touch, and the soy bean paste definitely added a new element. An excellent classic dish!
We really enjoyed our meal from Kalaya, despite the spice that came with it! Since we are not huge Thai consumers, it's hard for us to compare Kalaya to other restaurants, but we can tell this is quality food. We are excited to visit again in person to get the full experience!Authentic flavors with attentive service!  Menu isn't huge but the items they have are put together thoughtfully.  The wings had great flavor (not crispy though) and the beef salad had good heat but the beef was tender and the ingredients tasted fresh.  The turmeric monkfish was still moist and had a nice/crispy texture.  The cabbage is great with the other strong flavored dishes.Nice, quaint location and atmosphere. The service was helpful and the owner is great. They are doing outside and indoor dining with partitions.  I had to reserve a table with 20.00 per person deposit that gets credited to your bill. 
Plates are large and made for sharing including the sides. Unique offerings and several options that are vegetarian or can be made vegetarian/vegan. My favorites were the Sakoo Hed dumplings, Hed Pad Kra Tiem (mushrooms), Kana Pla Kem (Chinese broccoli).
Keep in mind this food is spicy ! Some dishes more than others. The spice can't be adjusted. The Thai iced tea helps neutralize the spice!The food was really great but such small portions. Even though it's byob and it made up for it. I've had better curry at other places for half the price and larger portions . Save your money.Having been to Thailand many times, I was excited to try this place.  Sadly, the food was average and at this price point, disappointing. 
The lows:  Som Tum, Yum Nam, Ghai Tod Hat-Yai. Salty, lack of spice, and flavor  
The Highs: Sai Oua Num Prik Noom.  Eating this reminded me of sitting at a stall in Northern Thailand.This is one of the best thai food places I've had. It's in no way your sterotypical thai takeout with panang curry and pad thai. 
We got the Sakoo Hed (shittake mushroom tapioca dumpling) and the Khang Ghai Khao Mun (spicy chicken curry) with coconut rice. Note that each dish has a default spice level. Not sure if you can choose since we didnt try. 
The sakoo hed was good. It was really good. The outside had a mochi texture, but it was so thin it wasn't overly chewy and gave it a perfect bite. After you get past to exterior, it's just a burst of savory mushroomy flavor. There's a cucumber on the bottom of each of the dumplings and my best guess is its supposed to balance and mellow the flavor. Personally the cucumber doesn't add to the dish at all, in fact subtracts from it. 
The khang ghai khao mun was shokogeki level good (for anyone who's watched food wars). In other words, foodgasm. By itself, the curry was strong in flavor and spice, and the coconut rice was sweet, a bit of savory and... just coconut delicious-ness. Together, there were no words. The rice balanced the spice and brought out a different flavor I'm not sure you could do with normal rice. We went back to get more coconut rice because thats just how good it was.
I need to come back and try more things (if and when my wallet permits). It's definitely worth the price you pay.This place is definitely worthy of 5 stars. I have never eaten at a nicer Thai restaurant. I had pork belly with broccoli that was served with white rice on the side. For an appetizer I had pork and crab dumplings with a sweet ginger sauce served on the side. Both items were excellent. Also after the meal a woman who seemed to be the owner came by to see how our meal was. That was a nice touch. If you are in Philadelphia this place is definitely worth a try.The food was absolutely spectacular. Very authentic and very flavorful. Prb one of the best Thai food I've ever had in Philadelphia. I am only deducting 1 star because I did take out and the packaging was not the best. I ordered soup, curry, and a noodle dish. The food came packaged poorly and some of the food leaked out despite the wrapping. I wish they were able to put cardboard inside to arrange the food better so it can be propped up Rather than just every which way in a plastic bag. Also because this place is not cheap and it would be ashamed if the food spilled. I had to sit in an awkward position in the car holding the food up and even then, some of it had leaked. Otherwise no complaints and will definitely be back.Worst customer service ever when calling in to order for pick up. They keep on transferring to another person and keep on asking the same thing over and over againIf you don't like spicy food, please don't go here. Please, don't think you can eat the one non spicy item on the menu. 
We came in a group of four girls. The waitress recommended I get the non spicy curry. After she brought it out she happened to (or purposefully) saw my reaction to my first spoonful and immediately swiped the plate off my table. Lol I was shocked at how spicy it was. She said she took it out back and tried it too and she apologized that the chef must be using different peppers bc it indeed was so spicy. 
The dishes were also really big (and priced accordingly) definitely meant for family style which doesn't bode well during a pandemic. 
I would not come here again for my own personal preference. I didn't like the taste of the food. People rave about this place so I just thought I'd leave my honest two cents. It's not for everybody. 
But the service and quality and everything was good! Just not by cup of tea.I rarely write updates, especially when my opinion of a place has not changed significantly, but I had to for Kalaya: two months later, they're still slaying and the food just keeps getting better.
We made reservations for an early dinner, a quieter, calmer experience we actually enjoyed more than dining at peak hours. The menu had changed and expanded a bit since my last visit, but thankfully, the crabmeat curry was still on there. And it remains one of the best curries I've had on this side of the globe (maybe second only to Kalaya's chicken curry). We also ordered the toasted beef curry (kua kling nua), a dry curry with cold sweat-inducing levels of spice. It was so tasty, but so painful - truly a flavor bomb of a dish. The table favorite of the night was the steamed whole branzino (pla nung manao), which was expertly filleted table-side. The tamarind-lime sauce had an addictively tangy taste (and was very refreshing after our spicy spicy curries). Though we were stuffed, we couldn't stop eating the fish until it was all gone. 
The wok-fried cabbage (kalum tod nam pla) exceeded our expectations - they use Napa cabbage, which has more body and yet is more tender to the bite than Western cabbage, and the garlic-fish sauce had just the right amount of savoriness. On the other hand, the tapioca dumplings (sakoo sai hed), while tasty, were probably the item we enjoyed the least - they're served at room temperature, which I'm sure is the correct way; it just isn't my preferred temperature for tapioca dumplings.
The service was friendly and ran smoothly the whole night - our waitress, April, was attentive and we saw the chef and owner constantly making rounds to make sure everyone was enjoying their meal. I always look forward to a meal at Kalaya, whose expertise in the kitchen and commitment to using top-quality ingredients bring my food-loving heart so much joy every time I go.Best (authentic) Thai food in Philadelphia!
Always check out their specials. 
I also ordered a plate this week during my quarantine. It's a well curated combination of food, super deliciousBeen mad craving Thai and well this is best option. Even though the prices are high, like you can apps, entree, and dessert for the price of one dish here, the difference in quality is very noticeable. 
Was specifically craving noodles and wow these are one of the best drunken noodles I've had in a long time. With large pieces of shrimp, scallops, muscles, and squid, this is definitely luxury. The noodles were soft and chewy, not at all soggy. I think my biggest problem with most Thai noodle dishes is how oily they can be, but this one was different. Sauce on point, not at all oily! 
The drumsticks appetizer was also so good! The sweet chili sauce and the sticky rice were a great pairing!Best Thai I've ever had!! Nok and her staff were SO welcoming and genuinely cared about the customers experience. I really appreciated our waiter walking us through the menu. He gave great suggestions, and made us understand what we were about to eat! 
The food was so good that I forgot to take pictures!! Highly recommend: crab rangoons, coconut sticky rice, all of the dumplings, and the goat curry!!Food was ok, but god damn it's overpriced for what it was. The tapioca ball and fried chicken were 14-15 bucks each dish. The tapioca came with 5 small balls and 3 bland unseasoned friend chicken for 14!? Insane ..... the beef curry was too salty I was expecting it to come with veggies to eat with. Pretty much they tried to make a normal home cooked meal that's not Americanized fancy and they over charge the hell out of you.  This place is catered towards the Seans and Becky who feel adventuristIt's a bit of a walk from downtown but well worth it.  It's usually packed so try to make reservations.  The waitress was very nice and explained a lot of the dishes in detail.  They have a bunch of non-typical dishes so you get to try something other than fried rice and pad thai.  All the dishes tasted great!  The glass noodles dish was amazing!  The chef even came out to see how we were doing.Authentic, spicy, amazing Thai food you've never had anywhere else in your life. The reviews are spot on. We asked for recommendations from our server and were so glad we did. You can't go wrong. BYOB and super super loud but makes for a lively environment. Lighting was a little harsh but obviously a minor detail. Would definitely recommend making a reservation as it's a tiny neighborhood place. Loved it and can't wait to come back with friends to share this rare find.My experience was ok. The papaya salad was SO spicy I could not eat it. The pork belly had a delicious broth and I enjoyed the purple dumplings. The crab curry was tasty but also really spicy. In general, as I already knew, the food was spicy. I wouldn't come back here as the food is too spicy for me. I had a terrible stomachache the next day. Of course I made sure we brought a Gewurtztraminer wine (and albarino) to cut some of the spice. Overall, my parents thought it was pretty disappointing. I'm a foodie so wanted to try it. I wish I tried the chicken curry instead of crab curry. Really expensive for the crab curry- $28 for a bowl.Definitely not the typical Thai spot, very unique and flavorful dishes. The serving sizes and huge btw.This is the most unique Thai dining experience you can find in Philadelphia and if you don't mind paying for it I highly recommend. This is just slightly overpriced but it's really good quality food so I didn't mind paying. I would consider this a special once in a while spot to go, not a regular spot. It was about $110 for a small appetizer, two main dishes, one dessert plus tip. We drank water so expect more of you get drinks. 
The flavors were great! I especially recommend the flower shaped dumplings pictured here! What a unique experience!
 Loved the meal and I hope people will support them through Covid! They are doing a great job!!Ordering via QR code was a breeze & even still, we waited on diligently and even briefly met the chef when she came out to check up on everyone.
The food was fantastic. 
We craving authentic Thai food & everything hit the spot. 
Everything was perfectly spiced. But beware if you can't handle spicy food! The papaya salad (som tum) has a heat that builds up and can sneak up on you.
What's missing in the pictures is the AMAZING (and totally necessary) Thai iced tea. It's the perfect amount of sweetness that also quenches the heat (of the weather & food!).
We will definitely come back and try everything.
(Also note: everything we ordered, we did NOT finish because it was a lot of food! But at least we have delicious leftovers. So order accordingly!)This place has been long overdue. I have been eyeing this place because of the many positive reviews this place has gotten and I wanted to try it for myself. I decided to come here with four of my friends for my BDAY CELEBRATION (yes all caps) and we had a good time. Let's backtrack for a min. If you have a group of more than five, you will be seated outside. I decided to come and personally made a request to sit inside and the asst manager was able to make it happen. Okay, onto the more important things, FOOD. Kalaya isn't your typical Thai food, at least not the type of thai food I've had before. We were lucky to have Kelly (our server) to explain the menu to us as well as accommodating us with out needs. So, we decided to order one of the dumplings (stuffed with peanuts), fried rice, Chinese broccoli, scallops, and pork belly. All of them was delicious, i must say. Now, the reason it's not a 5-star is simply because of the price. I don't think fried rice should cost $44 no matter how delicious they are. BUT it's my BDAY CELEBRATION so I do what I want .
All in all, the food was delish.This place is tiny and cute. I came here on Sunday for my birthday. Everything looked beautiful and tasted delicious. It's also BYOBThis was great. I was torn between 4 and 5 and went with 4 simply because I didn't have quite the same reaction to this as I do to places like Uncle Boons or Ugly Baby. 
First visit, we got the tapioca dumplings with pork, the ceviche style shrimp, the duck salad, the crabmeat curry, and the stir fried eggplants. We really liked everything, with our favorite probably being the crabmeat curry, which was somewhat spicy, but still very tolerable even for my wife, who's not crazy about spicy food. Interestingly, the duck salad had the same spice level listed on the menu, but that felt much hotter -- it's possible we just got some super hot chilis in the bunch, but that felt like a much spicier dish than the curry. It was so good that my wife still enjoyed it though. The eggplant was good as well, and I really liked the shrimp, although my wife wasn't as crazy about the texture on those. Needless to say, the dumplings were great, and I'd love to try the mushroom ones as well.The food was absolutely amazing. Not only that but the staff and service was so helpful and down to earth. It truly felt like having a family meal. I was skeptical about the fish curry but it was actually the best curry I've generally ever had (and I've had so so much curry). The fish was perfectly cooked and the crab fried rice had so much crab. We had plenty of leftovers. I recommend asking the very knowledgeable staff how to build the right order, so you get that perfect combination of texture. May never eat at another Thai restaurant in philly again! This is it for me!I am not a very spicy Thai type of girl but let me tell you this place has won over my heart ! I had the Pad Prik King Hed! It was absolutely fabulous I now crave it EVERYDAY! my fiancé had the Moo Hong and I swear there were tears in this mans eyes ! We also shared the Pad Ma Kua Yao Tao Jieow. I can't wait to get back there and now the they opened the market in the Italian market I'll be there everyday ! The love that is shown In the food is unbelievable. Do yourself a favor and go! They are also doing a great job with COVID.Yum! Everything was delicious! We sat outside which was a bit chilly but we were provided with 2 heaters.  Everything was flavorful and unique.  Our waitress was wonderful and gave us great recommendations.  Favorites were the crab fried rice and sticky rice.I was very impressed by this place.
Very very friendly service by the waitress and the owner.
The food was some of the best I have ever had. We had a party of 4 and got a wide variety of dishes. All of them were delicious. 
Delicious, Creative, Colorful, and Fragrant Food.
Believe the hype.
I highly recommend that you check it out.
It is not cheap, but worth the price tag.I am a big fan of Thai food, specifically curry and love it spicy, and have heard rave reviews of this place so decided to try it out. Biggest takeaways are good food, nothing super special, and extremely over priced.
We came 3 of us, 1 being a vegetarian. We were told to share things as portions were good and were encouraged to try the cabbage side. It was good and definitely big. 
Then, the vegetarian in the group the Tofu Curry. She was bummed because the spice level can't be customized and it was only a 1/4 spice. However, they did bring her some extra chilies to spice it up which was nice. 
The other 2 of us split the famous Chicken Curry. It was definitely spicy, but we would have preferred to be able to customize it like at other places and had it spicier. It was good flavor and good amount of chicken in it. 
The one thing that surprised me was the sizes / price ratio. They advertise having sharables, but the curries were not big. The vegetarian finished hers by herself and we finished ours and were still hungry (even with an appetizer and a side dish). I'm used to having leftovers when I go out for Thai. 
The other biggest bummer was I had been dying to try the soup, but it was $65!!! They said it was big but only 2 of us were eating it so it just made no sense. 
The BYOB factor was nice, but it wasn't my favorite ambiance (bright lights, uncomfortable metal chairs). Servers were very friendly and willing to answer questions.The best Thai restaurant in the city. The food is sooooo good! I've been on a hunt for an amazing Thai spot in Philly and was just about to give up when Kalaya finally opened up. I cannot wait to come back. 
Note - the curry is very spicy! I was dying over the goat curry which was at the lowest level spice.If you are looking for a hearty, authentic, Thai meal, Kalaya is the place to go! To guarantee a table, you should definitely make a reservation, ideally a few days in advance. The place gets packed on weekend evenings! The ambience is homey, but it can get a bit cramped during peak hours. The service is incredible, and the owners are always extremely welcoming! 
The menu is diverse, and the food extremely flavorful. My favorites are the tapioca dumplings, chicken curry, and the grilled sliced beef salad. The tapioca dumplings are not only aesthetically beautiful but also incredibly delicious. The star of the menu every time I have gone though, has been the kang gai khao mun (chicken curry); it is always so fresh, flavorful, and perfectly spicy. The coconut rice that it comes with, I could easily devour by itself.
BYOB is a plus as well! The prices aren't cheap, but definitely worth it for the occasional treat yourself splurge. Can't wait to be back!Best meal of quarantine for sure! The fish was amazing!! And they use gluten free soy sauce so I could eat the veggie sides as well which were great.I'd give them a 4.5 if I could. I'll break it down the good was far and away a 5+ the service based on speed only would be 3.5. We knew it'd be hard to get in soon again so we ordered big including the soup for $38 and a whole fish among other dishes. We felt extremely rushed. There was no time in between courses or dishes to savor and enjoy. You had to quickly finish a dish to make room for the next. I understand they are in demand but you can not cut out experience.Food was AMAZING. Best Thai food I've had in Philly so far. When we ordered our dish, we were not asked about the spicy level. The food was brought to our table as it was cooked by the chef and we loved it! The curry was very spicy (and I love and am good at eating spicy food) and loved the fact that it was made without "Americanizing" it. All the dishes had it's own special character and taste to it. You can taste its value. Definitely not the cheapest but worth every penny!Incredible, authentic food! The coconut rice is probably the best rice I've ever had. Simple but delicious.We recently moved to Philadelphia and we are trying to look for an authentic Thai restaurant. Having been to Thailand many times in the past I personally don't think the food offered here is particularly authentic. Furthermore the portions are small. We ordered beef curry, which came out like taco meat, and I would not recommend it to anyone. My wife got the clear noodle which was decent, but nothing extraordinary. The cabbage was very bland and tasted like Chinese food that my mom makes (healthy, but bland).It was a very quaint small Thai restaurant with some unique offerings that we enjoyed. It serves authentic Thai food  so there wasn't many of the noodle dishes like Pad Thai or Lard Nar. The owner explained the various specials that day and helped us to order a nice variety for dinner. I loved the spices and textures of all our dishes but I didn't like how salty the dishes were. 
Service was very attentive and facilities are nice and clean. I felt though the prices were too high for what was served.Great food, hands down.  I'm a vegetarian and it's always difficult to find tasty unique foods on a menu but this place was fantastic.  Everything I ordered was super tasty and even a bit spicy (just how I like it!).  We saw the owner interviewed on a Saturday morning program and couldn't wait to try it. We drove 2 hours just for dinner and it did not disappoint.   
The staff was super attentive.  We forgot it was a byob but were able to sneak next door and get a bottle of wine. 
We had 5pm reservations and the place was already buzzing.  Definitely would recommend!!Each time I dine here I am equally impressed with the food and the service. Caring waitstaff are willing to make menu suggestions based on the needs of your party and the dishes are delicious!I've found it impossible to pick a favorite, every dish that I've tried has been a unique combination of fresh ingredients - a few standouts are the papaya salad, crab curry and miso eggplant. Simply put, Kalaya is the BEST.I needed to think this rating thru.  We had a party of six sitting outside, and the outside seating was good.  But the radiant heater was never turned on so some of us were a bit chilly.  The servers were very attentive and informative at the start of our meal, but were pretty absent after we got going and table clearing was pretty slow.  That's a 1/2 star off.
The visual presentation of ALL the items was excellent, even curries (special mention to the Scallop curry).  Flavor of the entree's was very good and the spice was not totally overpowering, but it was quite present!  I'm not a high tolerance spice person and I did fine.  The flavor of the appetizers was nothing special. The two amazing looking dumplings were average tasting at best - not up to the standard of the other items - and that took a star off given the high price.  We have been to Thailand and the local dumplings there had a lot more flavor.
And about those prices - they are high.  Our check for 6 people was close to $500 with only two apps, 2 side dishes (very good cabbage), 5 entrees and three desserts.  Another 1/2 star.  The Tom Yum soup at $65 was the most painful, but it did feed 5 out of 6 diners.The food was very good, however the space is really cramped and the food is overpriced. There are only a few inches between the tables, and it feels as if you're eating with the people at your neighboring tables. Also, the portions are quite small. For example, I only got 3 shrimp in my entree (goong aob woon sen - $26), and only 3 dumplings in our appetizer order (it was a special for the day for $14). 
If they reduced the number of tables and increased the portion sizes a tad, this place would be much better.Let me first echo other comments on the site and recommend the sakoo sai he'd (mushroom dumplings with a tapioca flour wrapper), they were the most interesting and best thing we ate. The green papaya salad and the duck salad were both really good but some of the people at the table found the duck salad to be a bit too hot (I didn't). We had a fish dish and the vegetables in it were really interesting and good. We ordered the handmade flower dumplings which were extraordinarily beautiful, but did not taste nearly as good as a thinner dumpling skin would have. We were particularly impressed with the woman who waited on us, who was pleasant and helpful.  There is no tap water available at the restaurant during covid, but it is fine to bring your own water from home. We brought a big container of water from home with ice and they were happy to provide plastic cups, which we also used for the wine we brought.I've been wanting to try Kalaya forever and we decided to go as our first outdoor dining experience during the pandemic. I must say that I was VERY impressed with how they were handling safety precautions. You use a QR code system on your phone to place your order to minimize staff contact and overall the staff was super friendly and respectful of social distancing and wore masks. 
I felt super safe and the food was AMAZING. The laab ped was delicious (albeit insanely spicy - not for the faint of heart!!). The coconut rice is delicious and the chicken curry was prepared perfectly. We also got Shaw muang and kanom jeeb which we're phenomenal. 
I can't wait to go back to try more!Absolutely astounding. Service is superb and the food- oh my LORD!
I got the ceviche, king Kling nua and Kaho pad poo. 
Everything was truly amazing!!! A must!!!!!My experience here was beyond expectations! We are Philly born and raised, with not much experience of the Thai culture. We came here for dinner with our Thai native friends who were visiting from out of state, and they too were so pleased with the food and service. 
Our server, Lyndsay, was literally the sweetest human to walk this earth. She was very informative, knew the ins and outs of the menu, and so so kind towards us. Something that really stuck out to me was while she was filleting a fish we ordered, our friend commented that her skills reminded him of being back home. Her reply was so beautiful, saying that their Thai culture was something she was very grateful to experience. She made us all feel very welcomed, and I will remember her forever. 
I could not possibly recommend this restaurant enough! Very authentic. The owners are also so kind and made my visiting friend's birthday a perfect night out. 
Thank you, staff! 10/10 will return.My favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. The food is absolutely delicious. 
Feb 2020 photos: Tom yum soup/hotpot is very flavorful. It has shrimp, fish, and various kinds of mushrooms. recent favorite dishKalaya prides itself on authenticity and I will say that it is unlike any other Thai food I have had in Philadelphia. I am so glad that this restaurant decided to make a bold move to leave traditional dishes unaltered.  What a treat all around! 
Everything was so delicious and special as others have already reviewed. The item that sticks with me is the sakoo sai hed - was not what I was expecting from a dumpling, but I LOVED this. It had a mochi-like skin and was the perfect little bite of sweet and umami. 
One thing of note - it gets very loud in here when they are at max capacity, so I would not bring a party any larger than 4.I was excited to try this place, since Philly has not had the caliber of authentic (or closer to authentic?) Thai restaurants that I've explored elsewhere like NYC. The place received a lot of love from critics last year, and even Eric Wareheim had an enthusiastic Insta post. I already previewed the menu and am always willing to shell $$ for food that is worth it, but...I feel like I got in past their prime opening months. 
The ingredients and preparation are clearly of higher quality than your typical Thai restaurants here. It's the price and associated expectations where things fell short. For comparable prices to famed Thai restaurants I have visited, Kalaya's flavors were relatively muted and catered to a more general palate. 
The Massaman curry that I ordered, inspired by Wareheim's rave about a similar one earlier in the year and how good it was even in comparison to LA Thai food, was over-salted and didn't have enough of the complexity that I was expecting. The Mom's Khao Yum Kamin, which a Philly critic described in delicious detail, tasted unbalanced and lacked nuance - where I was expecting an explosion of flavor from the array of interesting ingredients, like toasted coconut and dried shrimps, ended up tasting like the flavors had dissipated before landing in the dish. 
My favorite was probably the tapioca dumplings (Sakoo Sai Moo), which delivered a satisfying chewy texture and delicious savory filling. However, at more than $3 a piece and coming from an Asian background where similar starchy dumplings are 10x cheaper, I wanted a little more. For one thing, the tables are extremely cramped for a restaurant where dishes are priced at the more upscale range.  Even a quiet conversation is completely audible to your neighbors. 
Kalaya is definitely the best Thai food I have tried in Philly so far, but this is in comparison to your average Thai places since Philly does not seem to have experienced a renaissance in Thai food yet. And having been spoiled by good Thai food elsewhere at similar or more affordable prices, I'd be hard-pressed to return.Food and ambiance was great. Chef Nok and our server Lindsey were extremely hospitable and welcoming. The tapioca dumplings are divine!Excellent food! Really flavorful and just the right amount of heat. We got the chicken dumplings, curry chicken and the swordfish. The service was a little lacking for a fine dining experience but will chalk that up to covid procedures.This place is no doubt the best Thai restaurant in Philly! I've been here many times and LOVED everything I ordered. Even in Thailand, it's not easy to find a restaurant that comes close to Kalaya in terms of quality and taste. The service was always superb. Nok, the chef and co-owner, always came out to greet us (and other guests) during/after the meal. The menu slightly varies seasonally. Ask Nok for her current favorites!I went with some friends for a get together and was really excited to get authentic Thai food since I learned it's so delicious from my recent visit to Thailand. 
Since I have a strong distaste for cilantro (specifically fresh cilantro), I asked the waitress if they could hold the cilantro as a garnish, and that I understood many of the dishes (ie curry) had cilantro in the base, and that was ok. The waitress told us she checked with the chef and said it would be ok. Then the chef came out and told us that she would not hold any cilantro garnish because this is how it is made in Thailand and that she was not willing to make any adjustments. The waitress and hostess explained that they were hoping she wouldn't do this again, and offered me a complementary entree. 
The rest of our meal was rather awkward as the hostess and waitress kept apologizing, and the chef kept trying to prove that I could eat cilantro since it was already cooked into the curry, which I already knew. Overall, the only dish I thought was exceptional was the chicken curry, but it wasn't delicious enough for me to go back there.It was way too spicy for me. I literally had stomach pains for the next two days. If you like spicy, then go for it. If you can only eat traditionally spicy (the kind you can control yourself, i.e on the side etc), avoid it.Wow, just spectacular. After reading about their James Beard nomination for best new restaurant, we had to go.  We started with Kanom Jeeb and Sakoo Moo appetizers; the Sakoo Moo was one of the best things I've ever eaten. For dinner we had the Kant Ghai plate, which is meant for two. It was the perfect balance since I don't like spice and my husband does, and this had one of each plus rice and cabbage sides. 
The Kang Ghai Plate includes KANG GHAI KHAO MUN (Southern style chicken curry) and NUA PAD LUK PHAK CHEE (Stir-fried beef with coriander seed, palm sugar, fish sauce) and KALUM TOD NAM PLA  (Stir-fried cabbage in fish sauce & palm sugar). Everything was phenomenal.
For dessert there was only one option - coconut sticky rice with fresh mango- but it's the only option you need. The mango was unbelievably fresh and it tastes just like the dish I had on the island of Koh Lanta in Thailand.
Our server, Lindsay, we wonderful. I have a number of food allergies and can't have too much spice, and she was extremely helpful in making recommendations. Everyone was very attentive including the owner/chef who was constantly checking on tables. We were very well taken care of! We will absolutely be back!We had a great evening trying Kalaya, which just recently opened in the Italian Market area! A couple of things to note, the space is small and quite tight, but that was not an issue for us, and every table was filled! It's also BYOB and your server can put anything cold on ice. 
For our meal we started with the toong tong, which was delicious and crispy and had a really nice spice and flavor. 
For our entrees, my SO had the kang gai khao mun, a chicken curry, and I had the moo pad Kari, wok fried pork with a side of coconut rice. Both were really good (and spicy a promised)!
The owners, My-Lee and Nok were both very hands-on, talking with customers and welcoming! We'll definitely be back, and we'll likely make a reservation next time.Ordered the goat curry, crab curry, mushroom salad and roselike tea. 
The goat was spicy, earthy, slightly numbing, rich and very good. The crab curry was a nice balance of spice and sweetness. It was also very good, but I found the goat to be spicier than the crab even though the crab was rated one star higher. Both dishes were very aromatic. 
The roselle tea is tangy, sweet and very refreshing. The closest I could compare it to would be hibiscus tea. 
Our server was very polite and informative. During our dinning experience our friend's food was too spicy and the manager helped us. She also ordered mango sticky rice and Thai tea cake to go. We haven't tried them yet. 
The rest of the staff was so polite and friendly. 
We dined outside and the seating area was heated,  spacious and very clean. The restrooms were both very nice and clean.  The larger one had a photograph of an allium, which I really liked. 
Can't wait to try more food from their menu!All I can say is "wow". This food was out of this world good. By far the best Thai food I have had. This is not your ordinary Thai food. 
I got the crab curry, which was lump crab meat in a spicy creamy coconut sauce over vermicelli noodles with cucumber and cabbage. The only downfall was the lack of vermicelli noodles. The waitress gave us coconut rice to finish the curry, which was also a perfect pair. Even the rice was extremely flavorful with a hint of sweetness. 
The tapioca dumplings were different and delicious. The dumpling wrapper was thicker than expected. The filling was peanuty and delicious. 
The service was extremely friendly. Will definitely be back for more, my new go to Thai restaurantI have eaten here once and ordered take-out (due to COVID) and both experiences were great! The food is authentic and extremely flavorful. Plus for being BYO. The owner and staff are very welcoming. The ambiance is bright and comfortable. Highly recommend!I love this restaurant!  I've never dined in person, due to the pandemic, but my family gets takeout from here at least once every two weeks.  Everything we've ordered has been incredibly tasty and travels well.  We've done both take-out and delivery and both have been prompt.  The portion sizes are super generous, with each main dish serving two.  We usually order extra so that we can have leftovers and everything we have tried has reheated perfectly the next day and beyond.  I highly recommend Kalaya!Came here on Saturday of long weekend at 3pm. The inside tables were all full but we got seated outside immediately. Our seating host was very polite. 
Our server explained everything and left us time to go 9vwr the menu. Plenty of options. Tapioca dumplings were tasty. Something new that I've never tried before. Not the best dumplings but definitely worth trying.  Then we order lamb entree and ribs in curry. The entrees came out very fast with Jasmine rice. We did order coconut rice on the side which was flavorful. Lamb entree was very tasty full of various flavors. Very spicy even though it said 2 stars. Ribs on the other hand were tasty but not spicy at all even though it said 4 stars. According to our server, spice level shud increase with stars but that was not our experience.  However, everything was tasty and delicious. 
Overall our experience was very good. They do automatically add 20% gratuity on all orders even though it was just 2 if us. Totally worth it. Our server was very polite and courteous.  Highly recommend this place. You won't find regular Asian food here :)Service was great but order papaya salad felt  it was old. It was not fresh another then that service was greatIt's true this place is authentic Thai, as the chef and owner makes her mother's own recipes, and the dishes are full of flavor. However, know most of the dishes are VERY spicy so if you can't handle heat, you may think twice about coming here. And there are no adjustments to the menu or to the heat level. 
When she can, the chef comes out of the kitchen to interact with guests. She explained all the hard work that goes into making the ingredients for each dish, which is really quite amazing. The barramundi with pineapple and tamarind dish was nice but my husband and I both felt the flavor was off balance. It was all sweet/sour with no base (like we wanted it to also have taro or potato) to make it taste more well-rounded and not all sweet. 
We also found it surprising they didn't offer rice with a few of the main protein dishes. You have to pay extra for it so the bill adds up.  We'll be back but will try some other dishes.Extremely Salty for Overpriced Food!  I was very disappointed of the outcome of our dinner (6 dishes for 4 people).  All the entrees were extremely salty especially the Tom Yum Kalaya and Goong Aob Woon Sen (glass noodle dish).  The heavy salt was masking the quality of the ingredients and the noodles were overcooked.  The soup was so salty that I couldn't finish my portion and the noodle dish was so salty that I couldn't take a second bite.  I had much better Thai food for a fraction of the cost.  For the price of the Tom Yum Kalaya of $65, you will get more varieties with satisfying outcome at other Thai restaurants in the area.  If you want authentic tasty Thai food, seek elsewhere.  I can't believe they didn't have chopsticks when they serve noodles.  This is the first encounter where a restaurant serving Asian cuisines do not have chopsticks.Came here as a party of four one Saturday evening for my sister's birthday dinner. We sat outside and there was decent shading! They have their menu all online that you can QR code from your phone and order directly from there. It is pay as you go which made things simple once we figured out how it worked. This allowed there to be minimal interaction between us and the restaurant staff which made us comfortable with dining out. The food was very yummy, we especially liked the pork. They are BYOB (including water), so bring a few water bottles if you want to save some money. This surprised us but ultimately also helps with safety, health wise.Food is definitely authentic and the service was outstanding. They don't vary the amount of spice they use so be aware of what you order. Definitely would visit again.TRADITIONAL. THAI FOOD.
like the other reviews said, if you're looking for tom yum soup with pad thai, this isn't the place for you. this place embodies a true authentic home cooked thai meal. 
came on a friday night and DEFINITELY make reservations. place was packed, loud and bumpin! BYOB which is always a plus.
i wasn't too enticed by any of the apps so we just got a bunch of entrees (i'm a huge fan of leftovers) 
KUA KLING NUA (toasted beef curry)
- i know this dish is in the curry section but it's not a curry. it's more of sauteed ground beef but this is SPICY. omg, i had one bite and i chugged my delicious thai iced tea. do not order this unless you can handle spice. it's definitely the spiciest thing on the menu. i actually ended up barely eating this in the restaurant and taking it home and mixing it with some coconut milk to bring down the spice
KANG POO PAK TAI (crab curry)
- best dish on the menu. get it get it. a generous amount crab, i loved mixing it with the noodles and veg they provide but i was also delicious with rice as well. i will be ordering this every time i come here
MOO PAD KAPI (wok fried pork)
- there's 2 wok fried pork on the menu but this one the waitress recommended because she said the flavors were better. this dish was probably my least favorite. it was tasty but nothing of a wow factor. 
PLA THOD KAMIN (wok fried monkfish)
- this was good but only 4 pieces. flavors were good but not my favorite. i think next time i'll be trying the branzino instead
KALUM TOD NAM PLA (wok fried cabbage)
- this is DELICIOUS. i could eat this every day mixed with rice. the flavors are delicious i just wish there was some other vegetables mixed in with the cabage 
all in all, this place is a gem. there's none like it in philly and the flavors are on point. one thing i always hate though is when rice isn't free. $3 for rice (sticky or jasmin) but i feel like this should be like bread in an italian restaurant, rice is a staple to be had with curry and especially the fiery beef dish.
definitely recommend to those that love authentic thai food. i'll be back again to try all the things i haven't tried yet!!!!!Cute, little space in queen's village. Ordered the pad kee Mao, Shrimp Tom yum, duck larb, chor muang dumplings and the kanom jeeb dumplings. We love spice and misunderstood about adjusting spice level. The food had an ok spice, wasn't as spicy as I liked, but it was still good. I think the chef/owner seemed offended when we asked about adjusting spice level, however everyone was really friendly and attentive afterwards. My favorite dish was the pad kee mao. Very flavorful and filled with a good portion of seafood and eggs. The dumplings were also delicious. The shrimp Tom yum broth was the best I've had, however our shrimp was either old or overcooked because it was a little soggy. Other than that, I loved it. I didn't quite like the larb, it didn't really taste like larb to me. It's probably the most expensive Thai food I've seen thus far, but I would definitely go back to try the pad Thai because I loved the pad kee mao and Tom yum so much. Also, loved that it was BYOB.Absolutely loved the food and the atmosphere. I was swiftly taken in and seated per the reservation. Our waitress Lindsey was so warm and a inviting while giving us all the information we needed to know to have an amazing experience. Her recommendations were perfect and her knowledge about all the menu items took enjoying the food to a whole new level. The authentic recipes were treated with love and were absolutely perfect. I will 100% be back and I thoroughly enjoyed the meal.I was so disappointed in the food. The shrimp were so small and tough and the chicken wings had no taste and a smell. I wouldn't order from this restaurant again.Wow, what great flavors and selections! Pretty different from your typical Thai restaurant, but in a good, fresh, new way. The usual suspects of pad thai and such aren't on the menu, but instead there are some great dishes served with rice (with the spice levels on certain ones, you need it!), and they're great about food allergies such as gluten for my wife.
We went for dinner one evening and had a great meal from start to finish! To start, we got pork dumplings and a duck salad. Dumplings were fine, but I'd probably try something else next time. The duck salad was delicious, and there was a lot of it! It was on the spicy side, but every bite was awesome.
For our main dishes, we ordered wok fried monkfish and pork, and both of those were amazing as well! The flavors were on point, and it was cooked perfectly - the pork was tender, and the monkfish had great texture. I would have either or both again!
For dessert, we had coconut panna cotta with pineapple, which was also very good - smooth, just enough sweetness to not be overwhelming, and it went great with the pineapple!
Not a cheap place, but the food quality is definitely there, and service is great as well! We'll be back!If you do nothing else, get the Pad Thai. It's gorgeous, delicious + GENEROUS. They will modify for a vegetarian version, but seafood lovers will be excited.OMG... this place is sooooo good. I found this place through eater and my friend and I visited for dinner. They do not serve alcohol but it is byob. There is a dibruno brothers a block away so grab a bottle of wine beforehand!
The pork belly was the stand out!! We also got a chicken curry and it was so good.
I dream about this place. It's so flavorful and the service is superb. Taste authentic like your mom would've made it.
I will definitely make a trip to philly to go here again.We visited philly for few days and decided to try this place out. Just the photos look nice on yelp and misled us. None of the traditional and must thai food on the menu. Everything was overly seasoned & pricey. We have tried many many thai restaurants in ny and this one was definitely a disappointment.My boyfriend and I had his 30th birthday dinner here the other night and we really enjoyed the experience. It wasn't a 10/10, but it had a lot of good things to offer. 
Pros: 
-The Thai food seemed extremely authentic. The flavors were unlike other Thai food I have tried in the past. 
-The coconut rice may be one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth and pairing it with the chicken curry and cabbage was delightful. 
-The waitress was friendly, helpful, and attentive. 
Cons: 
-The space is small, loud, and very crowded. It definitely didn't allow you to feel like you could have private conversations of any kind. We ended up talking to both couples next to us to break the awkwardness. They were friendly, and we liked people, so it worked... but it wouldn't be for everyone. 
-The one dish we got was just too darn spicy. I love spicy foods, but the steak salad burnt every part of my mouth and throat. I had digestion issues for days after. It literally tore up my insides. The waitress came out with "oh wow. They really loaded the red pepper on there. It isn't normally that spicy". This just isn't an okay response. Their kitchen needs to be conscientious of things like this. Consistency is key, and this was a huge oversight. 
-The prices are too high for what you receive. I'd argue about $2 too high on average. Our bill was a lot for being a BYOB.
-They brought out a  dessert for my boyfriend with a candle (great) but then charged us for it... complimentary dessert when the bill was already so high doesn't seem like too much to ask. Even if they didn't want to give a full one for free, they should have smaller things to give out on birthdays.This is one of the few times I can actually say "I knew this before it was cool" (I came here just days before Eater announced them as the Restaurant of the Year for 2019). 
I came for lunch and the place was full, we had a quick 10-minute wait (which wasn't bad at all and gave us a chance to look over the menu). 
We ordered a little bit of everything to share so I got to have a pretty good tasing experience of the menu. The owner came out and helped us pick what to order to make sure we got the best of what they had to offer. There was so much to try, so I'm not going to into detail about the individual dishes. But it's safe to say that they were all delicious and you'll be happy no matter what you order. (I do highly recommend the Tai Iced Tea. It was my first time trying it and I loved it. It was so full of flavor and spices! I think Kalaya's next venture should be a coffee shop, preferably in NorthEast Philly). 
Great food and great service! Would come back!I ordered Pad See Ew and Pad Thai for pickup through caviar because of a discount. The food was ready when I got there. Each container is wrapped with plastic wrap to prevent spilling.
I had high expectations for the food, especially the pad Thai that cost $32. The portion size is big, you can definitely share with another person. A lot of crab meat, big fresh shrimp. The crushed red pepper gives some heat to the dish. There's not much sauce in the noodles and it was bland, it's a disappointment for me.
On the other hand, the pad see ew is very delicious. In Chinese dish is also known as ho fun/kwetiaw. Noodles is perfectly cooked, perfect chewiness, balanced flavor between sweet and salty. Chinese broccoli is so crunchy. Highly recommended. Big size portion too.This restaurant officially received the highest praise from my Thai friend: "I think I'll bring my dad here for dinner."
Must get: main fish dish, sauteed cabbage, purple dumplings
Meh: mango sticky rice, eggplant, papaya salad, chicken wings, raw shrimp salad
Missed out: everything else
Kalaya is by far one of the best Thai restaurants I've had in recent years that I just can't seem to stop thinking about. This restaurant opened just a few months ago, and it is already selling out, fortunately, the owners said the same food is served lunch and dinner. My only caveat for this place is that due to its notoriety, it is very well-attended and thus can be very loud and cramped. The staff does a great job in communicating with you throughout your entire experience and the main chef even came out multiple times just to say hi and mingle, adding to the wonderful experience.
In terms of must gets, you have to get the fish dish, it is an entire fish (head, eyes and all) and is fantastic. It's spicy, flavorful, fresh, and burns in all of the good ways. We tried almost one of everything and truth be told, they should all be experimented with as each dish offers a different perspective from the chef's childhood and culinary experience. Of the other dishes, the cabbage is such a wonderful, simple dish that was just done perfectly, with the innate sweetness of the vegetable that was accentuated with the oil and spices. The eggplant, papaya and shrimp salad were spicy, but a bit too salty for my taste. The fried chicken wings was decent, but dry and tough. The chicken dish was nice but not really memorable.
As for the dessert, I really liked custardy dessert, but felt the mango sticky rice to be just a little bit too tough and sweet. However, that is a personal opinion, not shared by the rest of the diners. 
Food: 5 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 4 stars
Service: 4 starsRecently tried this place after all of the buzz and anticipation. It's a pretty small and cute restaurant so don't be surprised if there's a wait. When the weathers nice there's two tables outside but once the weather gets cold it'll just be the inside. We sat outside so I can't comment too much on the inside decor but it looked cute from the one or two times I walked through to see the bathroom.
Service was pretty good. One of the owners was walking around and chatted with us for a little bit, she was a super sweet and friendly!
We did family style to try a bunch of things.
Mom's Khao yum kamin (rice salad) - super fresh, colorful, and tasty! This was probably my favorite dish of the night
Kua kling nua (Beef curry) & pad prik king he (Vegetable curry) - was pretty surprised  when these dishes came out. Not what I usually picture curry to be but I'm not an expert at authentic Thai cuisine. They were more like meat and veggie dishes just so that you know what to expect! Both were very good and tasty. The curries also come with rice on the side. I just felt they were kind of small portions for the price.
Kalum tod Nam pla (Cabbage) - WONDERFUL. Perfectly seasoned. Second favorite dish. Very simple but perfect complement to the whole meal
Overall, very happy Kalaya is now on the philly food scene. I think it has a lot to offer in terms of different authentic Thai food. It's not your standard Thai restaurant so be prepared for a little food adventure when you go. Only complaint is that for the price, portions can be small. Definitely will be back and next time I will definitely be trying the crab curry! Oh and it's also BYOB for those wondering.Brought friends here after our first visit, with big expectations since our first dinner was stellar in every way. Second time not the same. Our server, who I didn't recognize from our first visit, didn't seem focused or interested. She had a hard time taking our order, we had to correct her several times. She remained aloof. Our appetizers were good, the mushrooms especially. Two of us ordered the branzino which was served almost 30 minutes after our guests got their entree. They were finished before the fish came. Plus we never got the coconut rice we ordered. The server is the person to tell the kitchen that she'd like the cooking coordinated so all main courses are served somewhat at the same time. The flavors of the fish were good. The server asked if we'd like the fish filleted. We answered yes. The results were a complete mushed up mess. Management must have sensed something was amiss. Suddenly they were very attentive, but it was too late. The kitchen and staff were not yet overworked since our reservation was for 5:00pm the start of service.My boyfriend and I recently celebrated a birthday here on a Wednesday night. We had a lovely meal. The space is small, but we did not find it got as loud as other yelpers have noted. Service was fast and friendly.
For appetizers we had the sakoo sai hed (tapioca dumplings with shiitake mushroom) and one of the night's specials. We both loved the dumplings, they were unlike anything we'd ever tried before. Definitely get them! We followed this up with the kang gai khao mun (chicken curry), moo pad kapi (wok fried pork), and a side of eggplant. Highlights were definitely the chicken curry, the coconut rice that came with it, and the eggplant! My only complaint is that the the whole meal was seriously lacking spice! After reading reviews about the spice levels, we ordered cautiously. However, we're definitely getting the beef curry on my next trip!This is one of the most unique restaurants I have ever been for food! Best part about our experience was the owner Nok. We came in for lunch and despite our waitress insisting that we should order family style and share everything we stuck to our guns and ordered 3 of the same dish and 2 ppl in our group ordered something different. It was mostly due to dietary preferences! Nok came out after she saw our order and basically lectured us into submitting to her choices for our meal. It was all in good fun and we went ahead with her selections for our table!  She told us if we didn't like it we can be honest and she would comp our meal.  
Well - I'll say that in this instance it worked out phenomenally. We ended up with a shrimp noodle dish, the 4x spicy catfish and beef curry, cabbage, eggplant and a mushroom dish. Each of those dishes was a culinary delight. Having just returned from a month log visit to Thailand we can testify that the food was uniquely Thai and absolutely authentic! 
We will definitely be coming back and will again order the same dish for everyone on the menu so that Nok can come out and lecture us again!This is my second visit to Kalaya Thai, and a testament to its quality is that my friend who grinds his own spices at home to make Thai curry recommended it to me. They don't adjust their spice level, but the dishes are so much better for him. I've tried to Tom Yum soup, the appetizer of tapioca dumplings, the crab meat curry, wok fried cabbage, eggplant, and the prawn noodles.  Everything here is prepared with the most care and fresh ingredients, with a totally satisfying combination o flavors. My goal is to come back and try everything on the menu. It's not cheap, but definitely worth it.Dined at Kalaya during COVID outdoor dining regulations and was not disappointed in the least by the food, service, friendliness of staff and safety. They thought of everything down to providing you with a wine opener for your individual use with a sanitary wipe. The staff remained engaging and open to answering questions while keeping distance and making minimal stops at the table. For 2 people, we ordered the shrimp ceviche, crabmeat curry, coriander beef, and the duck salad (excuse my lack of memory of the formal names of these dishes. All were fantastic and a good mix of heavy spice level (duck, ceviche, and crab curry) and sweetness (beef). We left with food to go, and definitely looking forward to the leftovers.I am a skeptic by design and I was doubted Kalaya was going to be worth it. But my fiance wanted to try in and I was glad I listened to her (as always). The service and the food were excellent. The owner took a very hands on approach and made sure our dinning experience went smoothly. Everything was really good! If you have any interest in Thai food, this place is the new hot thing.Overall a pleasant experience having had stumbled into this hidden gem. Great service, great ambiance, food tasted great. Definitely on the pricier end but I don't regret trying it.
I did find the curry chicken a bit salty to my taste (I grew up in Southern China, we don't handle sodium too well)
I communicated this to the owner, who is a charismatic lady and very responsive to my feedback and encouraged us to try something else.
She also explained to us that their curry is sugar free, unlike other Thai restaurants in town, which is supposed to be more authentic. (Any Thai customers care to share their opinion? I'm curious)
We really love the crab dish ($45) and Shumai. The quality definitely stands out among the other Thai restaurants in town.I really wanted to like this place.
The good: Scallop curry - the only dish I liked out of the 6 we ordered. 
Coconut pandan jackfruit push pop -- refreshing end to a rather disappointing meal.
The service was also good.
The bad: everything else.
We went mostly with staff suggestions:
Shumai was dry and not worth $17; 
Papaya salad lacked flavor-- so much better & cheaper at the Cambodian/Southeast Asian Market at FDR park;
Tom yum soup -- very salty and not worth $65.. we had so much leftover I took it home, but it's being pushed around in my fridge.. will probably get tossed; 
Jumbo shrimp with glass noodles -- all I tasted was soy sauce: No one had seconds;
The spicy duck salad was okay, but I've never had it before, so nothing to compare it to.
Metal rice bowls -- hot rice and metal do not mix; burn hazard.ated as one of the top restaurants in Philly is no joke!
Food/Drinks: AH-MAY-ZING! If you read my past reviews, you know I have high expectations for Thai food given that I worked at a Thai restaurant for a few years of my life during college. This place is honestly one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever been to regarding quality of food and authenticity. It's not your run of the mill Thai restaurant with the typical American favorites but rather traditional dishes. I feel like most of the food I was ordering was like I was ordering in Thailand itself. The Seafood Tom Yum Kalaya was absolutely delicious and the best tom yum soup I've ever had. Extremely filling and full of STUFF! Every bite is a bite full of meat and seafood with spices/herbs and nothing was overpowering. We had the branzino fish and you can literally drink the sweet, tangy, fish sauce because it's just so good! Honestly, everything was amazing. Look at the pictures I included! Finally, it is BYOB so bring all the wine you want! It is pricey, but I think it's worth it!
Service/Environment - Service was great! Our server knew what she was talking about and made lots of recommendations given it was my first time here. She was attentive and easily called upon if we need her. Rather small restaurant in South Philly with limited parking in the area. But the area is rather cute with some other stores close by and the Italian Market; great place to go on a date. Easy to reserve a table as well; it is a $20/person deposit but they refund this back to you once you make it there. You can also easily change your reservation (I personal had to a few times due to unforeseen circumstances). Finally, very trendy on the inside and they have a very nice outdoor area.
Rating: 9.5/10
Pros: Amazing Food!
Cons: Pricey (but worth it!)Amazing and authentic Thai food in a cute space near the Italian market, with an extremely welcoming/kind staff/owner. The food was much different than the typical "Thai" place where we're used to eating. The ingredients tasted super fresh and unique-- I'm assuming it's because they're truly authentic. We ordered the "goong aob woon sen" baked shrimp with glass noodles, "moo hang" braised pork belly, and the wok fried cabbage. I'm looking forward to returning to try some more things on the menu. Wonderful addition to the food scene in philly.
Just wanted to add a quick FYI: the ** and *** spice levels are EXTREMELY hot (well, at least for us). So spicy, that I couldn't actually finish my food despite the great flavor. My husband ate my leftovers the next day, but even he had trouble with the spice level. PS. the coconut rice that came with my curry was delicious.Soooo good! Ive only had the takeout but it was still amazing! It even tasted great as leftovers the next day. The coconut rice is a must and so different from other coconut rice I've had in the best way. 
I found their vegetarian options lacking, as they were sold out of a lot of stuff, but I got the 3 veggie options they had and they were all delicious. Especially recommend the tofu & long hots. 
Note that it's a bit expensive but totally worth it!Went to dinner Friday night with another couple and had a phenomenal meal!! Ate wayyyy too much but it is one of those places where the food tastes so good, you can't stop eating. Be prepared though - it is SPICY!! The spice levels are marked on the menu and the wait staff does a good job of letting know what dishes go with what for the best balance. Will definitely go back!!Amazing food. Very attentive staff. Owner is a fun, engaging character. 
Highly recommended.This place is phenomenal. It is a little expensive, to be fair, but the food is outstanding. We got a coconut penang curry and a tom yum soup and it was perfect for a cold night. Both dishes were nothing short of incredible - they were filling,  flavorful, and quite frankly, some of the best thai food I've had. The owners come out frequently to make sure that you are doing okay,  and they have small tableside heaters to keep things warm. They are also good about following covid precautions too. This place quite easily makes it to one of the top of my list for restaurants in philadelphia.Kalaya blew me away with the absolute explosion of flavors. I took a friend visiting from out of town that absolutely loves Thai food and we had a fantastic time. We had the tapioca dumplings, goat curry, and side of broccoli and everything was mouthwatering. Each bite left us wanting more; we left full AND with leftovers. 
On first glance, Kalaya appears pricey but everything is family style and it is BYOB making it reasonably priced for the experience and food. We paid about $80 for two people. Would highly recommend!Everything was authentic and delicious! Special place! Def work checking out if you like spicy food. Very friendly staffFirst time back since COVID and I am blown away once again. The menu has grown since the last time and there are great new additions. Had to get the crab curry, coconut rice, and tapioca dumplings, which were just as good as I remember. Tried the braised pork belly which was rich sweet and the meat was extremely tender!
The staff at Kalaya are so welcoming. Lindsay such a great waitress, accommodating and even hooked us up with complimentary Thai tea to cool our mouths from the heat!Great food and presentation.  Some menu choices are very spicy and I love spice.  We ordered so many different dishes but the duck appetizer was not edible by the other 3 in my party given the spice level so just ask the waitress/waiter for recommendations if spice is a concern. 
The Thai curry was one of our favorites.  Dumpling dishes that we tried were also very good and flavorful.  
BYOB/BYOW puts a bow on this thai gem restaurant!   
We will go backAmazing Thai in South Philly and the best Thai food I've had in the Philly area. The food here is amazing and very authentic. It's best to do family style and share plates. I came with a group of 4 people and we ordered 5 items which was plenty of food. Their curries are definitely the best items on the menu. I highly recommend The Kang Pu Pak Tai and Chu Che Hoi Shell. I enjoy spicy so I thought both were a great spice level. Prices are on the pricier end, some entrees are $40+ so be ready to spend money when you come.It's such a rarity to see an authentic Thai restaurant in Philly, and my family and I decided to try this place out for an early Mother's Day dinner on Saturday night. For those who are curious to try this place out, the restaurant is quite cozy, so PLEASE call ahead or make reservations. We had an 8:15 p.m. reservation, and we still had to wait an additional 30 minutes. This restaurant is also a B.Y.O.B.
The evening started out with the Goong chae nam pla - a ceviche-style shrimp with a spicy slaw and bitter melon, and we also sampled the Tod Min Pla - homemade fish cakes. The shrimp ceviche is a must try - extremely spicy and citrusy with a hit of fish sauce. The tod min pla was strongly flavored with lemongrass; unfortunately, the fish cakes were much too salty for my liking, I did not like these at all. 
We also ordered a few entrees to share: 
Kang poo pak tai - This crab meat curry was DELICIOUS. They are really generous with the jumbo lump crab meat, and the coconut curry was paired beautifully with the thin vermicelli noodles, bean sprouts, cucumbers and hot peppers. I wish we were able to have more noodles - the curry to noodle ratio was very small. 
Kua kling nua - This was a dry ground beef stir fry with hot peppers and curry. This was quite spicy. 
Kang gai khao mun - This was a coconut chicken curry with a similar flavor to the kang poo pak tai. The coconut chicken curry was served with a sweet coconut rice. 
Moo pad kapi - This is a wok fried pork dish with shrimp paste. The sliced pork was flavorful and tender. 
Sticky rice - We ordered a side order of sticky rice in banana leaves. It was presented in a cute little container, but the sticky rice was unfortunately too hard. 
I am pleased to support women-owned businesses, and the partners are were so welcoming and genuine. The service was outstanding, and despite how busy it was, we never felt rushed. We enjoyed the flavors and spices of each dish, and you can tell each dish was made with love.Kalaya Thai Kitchen you are totally outstanding, I had an incredible experience here today. Pleasant ambience. Kalaya Thai Kitchen has an outstanding Wok Fried Cabbage, this dish will blow you away with its unbelievable taste and flavor. And also, the service was very good and the staff was super friendly. Stop by for a visit, I promise you, you won't regret it.I kinda wish our server had been better. His energy and presence was top notch, but his recommendations were not.
He recommended the jerky - a special for the evening - that he described as "magical". Thinking it was a cool Thai take on jerky, we were looking forward to something special.
Nope. It is just jerky. I mean it was really tasty, but how much jerky can you eat in one sitting? Two _maybe_ three pieces? There was a big bowl of it. And it came with sticky rice. Not an easy pairing of a hard and chewy substance with a soft sticky substance. For me it was a failure and I wouldn't order it again. We didn't finish it.
Next he recommended a "dumpling" appetizer. These are four pretty little black balls, glistening atop cucumber rounds and decorated with bright red sliced chilies. Sweet presentation, but basically a mouthful of blandness. I passed on my second "dumpling".
For mains he recommended the Massaman Curry. Large chunks of beef and whole fingerling potatoes swam in a rich brown curry. My mouth watered in anticipation. Then I noticed the cinnamon stick... I thought I had this curry before but I guess I didn't. It was tasty, but if you've ever been to a regular Thai restaurant, cinnamon dishes are not something you normally see. I do love a good Moroccan lamb and cinnamon couscous, but that's what I expect when I go there. Boo on the waiter for not explaining this dish. This was a huge bowl of beef curry (served with enough rice for exactly one person). It was so much, we didn't finish it.
Now, the dish that I will go back for, the dish that I'm craving right now as you read this, is the yum nua ma kua poa. That's right, the beef salad.
At Thai restaurants you get a spoon and a fork. Nothing more is needed to eat this divine creation. Sweet, salty, spicy and sour... your mouth practically waters between bites. The grilled marinated beef is so tender it pulls apart with a fork. The herbs providing that fresh greenness, that essential bit of crunch along with the red chilies, mmmm.  I felt like I could dive into this dish and marry myself with the flavors.
It was so good, I drizzled some dressing over my portion of Massaman Curry and created a new thing.
All things are good with beef salad, especially a fork and spoon. If you like tangy, get thee some.
Would I go back? Probably. The crab fried rice and scallop curry I saw at other tables looked good.I tried this restaurant for the first time tonight.  I've walked by a few times and saw that it's quite busy there.   I wanted a quick meal after the gym and being late, I figured I might be able to get a seat.   Since I was dining alone I was able to observe the service level.  The service is exceptional. It was a perfect orchestration of movement and harmony.   The staff is friendly, well groomed and well dressed.  I'd have to say the dishes all look perfectly plated and the Kang Poo Pak Tai I ordered was the perfect balance crab protein, curry, and spice.   Kudos and thank you.   I will return.Put simply, Kalaya has quickly become one of our favorite Philly establishments. And this is no easy feat given there is a wealth of delicious food in this town. 
We had noticed that Kalaya would be opening soon, so we kept our eyes and ears peeled. Upon hearing the great news, we were able to score a table for two during the soft opening. That is when our new Friday night date night obsession began. 
From the ambiance, to the service, and the food - and not to mention fact that it is BYOB too - we have been impressed, satisfied, and eager to come back. The team is top notch - caring about service, and the quality of both the food and the experience. It is clear they want to contribute another great place to the community - which scores points in my book. 
The authentic dishes are amazing. And definitely have made me step outside of my comfort zone. We have tried the delicious crispy yet pillowy pocket of goodness appetizer (toong tong), beef salad (yum nua ma kua poa), mushroom salad (laab hed yang jae), the shrimp ceviche (goong chae nam pla), wok fried cabbage (kalum tod nam pla), the crab curry (kang poo pak tai), chicken curry (kang gai khao mun), beef curry (kua kling nua), and veggie curry (pad prik king hed). Everything has been delightful. Some of it more spicy than others, but all equally as deliciousness as the next item. 
We have been back twice already and cannot wait until our next visit later this week. We are seriously addicted to this great spot. Keep up the amazing work, Kalaya team!Delicious, fresh, authentic, and lovely dishes. the service is great too. I love the beef salad!After watching a CBS interview on this restaurant, had no choice but to stop in . Dumplings were amazing, Coconut rice and curry chicken were just as good . Duck Salad had me baffled a bit but I enjoyed the challenge.  
But never assume that it is ok to charge me 20% on a TAKE OUT ORDER ( because you could not accommodate us ) when I came from NYC and know the hardship restaurant staff had during a pandemic. 
No matter how good your food might be - you left a bad taste in our mouths !!!!
Think and maybe ask first ! We all make mistakes
But not cool on a take out order ( 20%)Amazing food and perhaps one of the most authentic dining experiences I've had in Phila. Everything was flavorful and lived up to the online photos. The chef also walked around and personally greeted every table.Bad experience here- found a hair in my food, and instead of apologizing and offering to replace the dish, they tried to convince us the hair was actually part of a banana leaf they cooked the dish in (it wasn't- it was a hair). They then brought the same dish back out and asked if we wanted it back. We didn't, and they reluctantly refunded us. The rest of the food was not great, and was overpriced. Would definitely not recommend, and will not be returning.My favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. The food is absolutely delicious. 
One of the Feb 2020 photos, Tom yum soup/hotpot ($38.5) is one of my recent favorites. It is sour and spicy. Very flavorful in an intense way. There are shrimp, fish, and various kinds of mushrooms. Good to eat with rice.Had their take out. Very tasty with reasonable amount of food and price, particularly their Tom yum soup, the best I ever had.We got take out here during covid. I moved back to Philly from Pittsburgh and have been dying to try kalaya. I've heard it's the best Thai food in the country. And in pitt I had a favorite spot with my favorite dish: See Yew. So I had to try it here. I was surprised at how big the serving was. The serving can feed me for 3 meals.it is HUGE. Even my insane BF couldn't finish his and that is saying a lot. The egg was a nice touch on top. And the pork was good too. But I guess I'm spoiled because unfortunately it didn't measure up to my spot in Pittsburgh (Noodlehead). I didn't like that there was no spice to it , this is Thai food isn't it...? I was hoping I could choose my spice level and my protein like in Pittsburgh. But pork and no spice was default option and I didn't see an option to change that online. It was good but the flavor was lacking a bit. I think I was just too spoiled back in Pittsburgh... Because I do think this was really good Thai food. But I would definitely say the lack of spice is a HUGE problem for this dish especially at a Thai place. Give me some heat!Came with my family for dinner on a Wednesday night! We were able to make 8:45pm reservations for outside earlier in the day which was awesome. They have ample covered outdoor seating so we were seated immediately.
The restaurants serves their dishes family style so we got 5 dishes to share. We tried the Goong Chae Nam Pla (shrimp ceviche), Shaw Muang (flower-shaped chicken dumplings), Kang Ghai Khao Min (chicken curry), Kang Pae (goat curry), Pad Prik King Jae (dried red curry with tofu). Just to preface, everything was phenomenal -- I don't think you could go wrong with any of the menu items. We started off with the shrimp ceviche and the flower-shaped chicken dumplings. The shrimp ceviche was one of my favorite dishes of the night. It was so fresh and citrusy, but beware it is extremely spicy! We were advised to eat the dumplings in one bite along with the cucumber it was served on top of and it was a burst of flavors in your mouth. And the flower shape was adorable which made for such cute pictures. For our entrees, we had the three curries. The goat curry was another favorite of the night. The goat was so well cooked and soft and the flavors were delicious. Both the chicken curry and the tofu curry were amazing too. One of the curries came with a coconut rice side and another one came with a jasmine rice side. We ended up having to order another rice side so everyone got enough. Sadly, they were out of the mango sticky rice by the end of the night so we couldn't try that. But overall, loved all the unique flavors of each dish!
The service was phenomenal - everyone was so nice and the owner went around to each table asking how their night and meal was. It was a wonderful touch. It is a pricier meal, however we all left feeling full, satisfied, and happy to have experienced a unique and authentic Thai meal. So definitely worth it! COVID-wise, all the staff were wearing masks and the outdoor tables were distanced. Absolutely loved Kalaya and can't wait to return!!This was highly Recommended by a friend. So delicious and not your usual pad Thai kind of place. The crab dish was amazing. I really enjoyed the bursts of flavor- the balance of the sweet, salty, and sour flavors of Thai cooking.Very good food, but the service made me question everything. Was in Philly to see a show and came around 8PM with reservations. The place was packed, so reservations are definitely a good idea.
The menu reminded me of Pok Pok with many regional dishes. We ordered shrimp ceviche, duck salad, braised pork belly, and sticky rice. Highly recommend all 3. The shrimp ceviche was a flavor bomb and the bitter melon complemented it well. The tangy juice was divine with sticky rice. The duck salad was meaty (not that spicy actually) and mixed with with delicious herbs, I couldn't put my fork down. 
Then came the awkward part. We were patiently waiting for the pork belly bc it makes sense that it would take a while. After 35 MINUTES and when we had finished most of the cold dishes, I finally flagged down our waiter to see when it would be ready. He said THEY DONT SERVE THE MAIN COURSE UNTIL WE ASK THEM TO. First of all he did NOT tell us that when we ordered, nor when we were waiting for over half an hour clearly looking impatient. Second of all, why???????????????????????????
So the waiter proceeded to start CLEARING OUT our plates and bringing us new ones for thr next course. I asked him to leave the rest of the duck salad as we were still eating it. Finally another 10 minutes later the pork belly came. It was superb! The large chunks of fatty heaven resembled American bbq in taste and was different from any briased pork belly I've had in the past. The mustard greens soaked up the complex juices and cut through beautifully with its acidic profile. I scarfed that motherfucker down. 
At this point I was worried that we would be late for our show, so I asked the waiter to bring the check as we were finishing up. He said THEY DONT BRING THE CHECK UNTIL THE WHOLE TABLE IS CLEARED. I was PERPLEXED. First you delay our pork belly because of your negligence, now this. All I can say is wtf. Would it absolutely rip you to shreds to be just a little accomadating? 
Bottom line I would come again for phenomenal Thai food that no longer graces New York (outside of Queens) and when I want to be treated like a BITCH.Probably one of the best asian fusion food spot in the city. Amazing authentic Thai flavors. We got a slow cooked Thai goat curry which was to die for. Plan on coming back for more very soon!!This restaurant is for the flower and spicy lovers. The menu is a bit limited though for those who are sensitive to spicy foods. My fish was very meaty so I wasn't able to finish it after having an appetizer. The best part of my visit was ordering and paying with my phone, a new website feature all restaurants need to be up on.This might just be my new favorite place in Philly. Not just my favorite Thai restaurant, but my favorite restaurant period. It's not just the warm and inviting staff (including the owner who visits each table), but the dishes themselves are bright, bold and beautiful. They've got the right amount of spice to let you know there's some heat there with every bite without obliterating your taste buds. 
You really can't go wrong here, whether it's the chicken curry which is a house favorite or the crispy monkfish bathed in tumeric, the first bite of which I still can't get out of my head. There's also the crab Rangoon appetizer which is creamy yet crispy, and spicy yet sweet all at once. Do not miss these. And then of course order many more dishes because you'll want to share them all.Don't go if you have food allergies,intolerances or dislikes!! And don't go if you expect any kind of service or interaction with your server or want guidance as to what to order. Contactless ordering - OK its still COVID living so I can deal with that. You scan the menu on your phone,  order and pay - no problem. However...we had questions about the menu but nobody to ask. We finally grabbed someone - I am one of those cilantro-intolerant people and nearly everything on the menu had cilantro. Online ordering didn't allow for special requests. When I asked the woman - who made it clear she was a manager and not a server - we were told that there are no replacements or exclusions, that chef was very true to the authenticity of the dishes and that they can't make dishes that state cilantro without cilantro. I was told that I should read the description and if it didn't say cilantro that I should assume that it doesn't have it - and that if it is used as a garnish then I should just pick it off the top of the dish. Let me say that it took us questioning and prodding to even get this much information out of her. No guidance, no assistance - it is what it is and tough shit if you don't like it. At about $28 a main course one would expect a little more flexibility and assistance. There wasn't much on the menu that I could eat, it took 4 tries to get a bucket with ice for our beer, and honestly she made me feel like I was in the wrong because I had a food dislike. We left - and went next door to have a fantastic and attitude-free meal at Ralph's. Will never go back to this place - honestly they should be ashamed of themselves. One of the worst philly restaurant experiences I have had in the past year.Superb! More crab than I have ever eaten in 1 setting. Also, the best dumplings of life. Will return!!!!Pretty legit Thai food, very close to its traditional roots with its flavor. 
Tom Yum Kalaya is not the typical Tom yum dish or soup, a lot less sour taste. This is a tad creamy broth with unique spices like kafir lime leaves & cilantro. It comes with three jumbo shrimp, generous amount of white fish (baramundi). Two types of mushrooms, straw and king-oyster, gives a different texture.
Khao Pad Poo (Fried Rice with crab meat) is very good with fresh crab meat.
These were part of their takeout menu (COVID19) and I can attest to the quality and delicious flavor of the dish. I can't wait to come back for dine in experience soon.They r way over price for their entree, and is doesn't taste that good! Is ridiculous that they charge that much! Very disappointed! And I ordered a whole fish last time I was there it was so blend! I will not be returning! My husband is from Thailand I have been to so many Thai restaurant that taste way better than kalaya, with a very reasonable price!Everyone was raving about this place so my foodie friend and I decided to try it out. Honestly,  it wasn't the best experience and I don't think I would go back. The food was good but you can find quality Thai food elsewhere. What really left a bad impression was the service. It was packed and super cramped that other guests would try and squeeze into their table but accidentally knock something over on your table. The food came out too quick that we were rushing to try to eat everything before it got cold. The whole fish Branzino was definitely undercooked, we had some parts that were raw. We had an 8pm reservation and they immediately handed our check to us at 9:30, didn't ask if we'd like desert and then followed up with a comment about another party waiting for our table. It was rude and unnecessary. In my opinion, and I've been to Thailand and eaten authentic Thai food before, the quality of the food  was adequate but the service was not acceptable. I would not go back.First time here and will be back soon! 
Great inventive Thai food not found elsewhere. 
Attention to details and great attentive service. Owner even checks in on you during mealtime.
Tried the mushroom assortment which was superb along with pork dumplings (nothing like it anywhere in Philly). The whole fish was filleted table side (not one bone) and the lobster fried rice was awesome! Finished it off with pineapple laced pana cotta Thai style. Yummy!
Not on the low end price wise but well worth it for quality, quantity and taste. Want cheap Thai, go to Chinatown!
Sat outside which was clean, ample space and under cover too! Must try again!The ingredients are so fresh and everything is exquisitely prepared- it's unparalleled. Not only is their food astonishing delicious, but they are amazingly generous members of our community- I will never forget their kindness to those in need. No joke, their food literally saved my aunt's life. She is seriously ill with chemo, and the coconut rice is the only thing she's been eating. Do yourself a favor and experience sincere and expert hospitality at this gem of a restaurant.