I moved from Chicago to Philadelphia over a year ago.  Everybody here raves about the restaurants, but I have yet to find many that deserve five stars, or even four.  This is the best restaurant I have eaten in in Philadelphia.  
Tahini and bread  arrived at the table, and I thought, hum, plain but I'm hungry.  They must put crack in that Tahini.  I wanted to lap it out of the bowl like an uncouth dog.  The bread is excellent too.
I love a menu with many organic meat choices.  How often can you order an organic beef shishkabob?  It was superb.  The meat done perfectly, the onions nearly caramelized but not quite so they still had some substantive crunch.  The purslane salad tasted like I was eating a plant in the middle of a garden.  It is not often that I dream about a salad but I do dream about this one
My husband had a chicken dish with black eyed peas and green peas and fantastic rice.  I won't begin to describe the flavoring; it is beyond my culinary vocabulary.  We asked what spices they use, and in addition to traditional zatar, they use their own blend of spices.  I don't even need to know what is in it just so long as we can keep coming back and ordering it again and again.
I was so full but ate dessert none the less, which I usually don't do.  But when a diner is this good, I had a feeling the desserts would be too and I just needed to find out.  Pistachio creme brulee.  It could have come out over the top, but no indeed.  It was pure pistachio heaven in s super light yet rich custard.  Heaven. Heaven.
Our service was superb.  The squeezed us into a last minute Friday night reservation with the caveat that we would need to get through our dinner in an hour and 15 minutes in order to accommodate a reservation made prior to us.  Given the time constraints they never made us feel rushed and timed the meal perfectly.  Then my husband left to go to the restroom, the waiter picked up his napkin and refolded it nicely on the table.  Do I care about the napkin placement in the middle of a meal?  Not really, but it is a sign that the waitstaff is incredibly attentive and extremely well trained.  
My eating out plan for Philly might just be to skip eating most everywhere most of the time so I can frequent this expensive, though appropriately priced restaurant.  Kudos to the chef.I normally wouldn't think Greek food for brunch or lunch; I'm way more of a traditional American-style brunch kind of guy.  But when my friends suggested to meet them here for brunch this past weekend, I trusted their better judgement.  In the end, I'm glad I did.  This cozy Center City spot not only serves an amazing (and dare I say, a contender for the best) brunch in Philly, the staff really make you feel at home.  They really know how to wow their patrons: fresh food, delightful presentation, and so many delicious sounding choices it's hard to choose which dish you want from their one page menu for mains.
Their specialty, and they're not shy to tell you, is the Cyprus Breakfast.  It's a mediterranean twist on the classic combination of eggs, meat, and starch.  The plate comes out with two sunny-side up eggs, fried in olive oil and garnished with fresh parsely.  It's served alongside a grilled slice of lounza (Greek ham), two pieces of salty, crisp fried halloumi, warm bread, and tomato, cucumber, and onion salad.  The menu also features a spread of other traditional Greek, Mediterranean, and Middle Eastern specialities: Avgolemono, Moussaka, Pastitsio, Shaksouka, and Malohwa to name a few.  They even serve Greek Coffee and Frappes!
The service may be a little over-attentive in an attempt to make you feel more than welcome, but it's much appreciated, especially when other restaurants fail to put as much effort into the service as they do the food.  One other tip: reservations are highly recommended, if not required.  Because of Kanella's small space, getting a table at brunch is nearly impossible if you're not on the list.  But if you can score seats here for brunch, then expect nothing less than a stellar way to start your weekend morning (or recover from last night's activities).  Can't wait to come back and try out the dinner menu.I'm dying to try the Sunday night 14 course "meze" for $35 sometime soon! The food is fantastic and it's BYOB so you can bring a fantastic bottle of wine you can actually afford. Specials are always inventive and delicious! The atmosphere is bustling yet cozy. You can't go wrong with the Cyprus breakfast--eggs, halloumi, and ham! I had amazing duck egg with a spicy yogurt and merguez sausage for my birthday brunch a few years ago which I still crave. The grilled octopus is awesome, but my favorite may be the "manti" which are spicy lamb dumplings! If the dips of the day include the pumpkin-feta dip definitely order it! It's amazing. Their baklava and cardamom ice cream are heavenly. Whenever I walk by and see people on the street enjoying their meals and wine, the corner is so inviting! I also love to inspect the quirky decor and handwritten signs. These are just the things that make Kanella uniquely special.I haven't had too much Greek food in my life (other than your typical gyros). I have been to Athens though...and had pretty good food there (really good lambs, street-gyros, and a lot of mythos beer).
Eating at this restaurant on a hot, humid summer day brought me back to my trip to Athens, except that I didn't have the view of greek ruins lit up at night, those narrow winding streets, or bottles of mythos on my table (it's a BYOB).
But the food did bring me back to my memories in Greece. We had the dips, moussaka, rabbit, and lamb. I can't say anything bad about them. However, the meal wasn't spectacular...it just didn't have that extra flare for me to give that last star (then again, I'm a big food snob). I would recommend the place to anyone looking for Greek cuisine, and I would definitely recommend coming here during summer and getting a seat outdoor.Great for lunch! Our meals were hearty, tasty, and affordable (most entrees priced around $10).
I had the Hummus Plate which came with 4 falafels, pita bread, and greek salad. But the real star was the Greek Chicken Soup that my husband ordered. The broth reminded me of a creamy Thai soup because it's infused with lemon flavor. Half the customers in the restaurant ordered this and I would definitely go back for seconds!
Can't wait to try dinner at Kanella, especially since Kelly W. says the fish is out of this world.This tiny Mediterranean spot on the corner of 10th and Spruce may not look like too much from the outside, but once you step inside, the experience is sure to blow you away. I've been here twice but both were absolutely incredible dining experiences. Both times I visited were during brunch hours so my reviews will be based on that menu. 
My first bit of advice is, if you haven't been before and want to know what to order, the answer is the Cyprus Breakfast. This meal, and it is quite filling, has everything you could want for a brunch. Two extra crispy fried eggs, a big slab of ham, two pieces of a fried Mediterranean cheese, some delicious bread and a salad, all together on one glorious plate. My fiancé and I both ordered each time we went because it is that good!  This past trip, I also ordered the lamb sandwich, which was also amazing. Large chunks of lamb and lots of fresh herbs on a soft roll.  Another menu item I'm dying to try is the rabbit soup that was on special. The way it looked on the table next to me had me wishing there was room left in my stomach. For dessert the answer is the galaktoboureko. I know this is a complicated word but if you just the gala they'll know what you mean. It's a warm rich custard with a layer of crispy phyllo dough on the top and bottom, drizzled in orange infused syrup. It's outstanding. 
Kanella is special because of more than just the food. They have an amazing staff. We had the same young waiter both times we went. He was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Usually you don't remember the waiter and if you do, it's never for good reasons. The service here actually enhances the experience. On top of that, there was a family with an elderly man in a wheel chair coming to dine here while we were eating. I saw the chef (who I believe is also the owner) leave the kitchen, go outside and help the man in through a back entrance and actually wheel him all the way up to his seat at the table. Honestly, this was really touching to see. 
I couldn't recommend Kanella more highly. I will be back again soon!Phenomenal food. Excellent service and outstanding center city location make this restaurant a must visit and a top choice in a city already known for outstanding restaurants. Certainly one of my favorites!Kanella had excellent appetizers!  i would recommend the watermelon salad, the rabbit and duck sausage, the three dips and the boureki!   The decor is nice and it feels truly greek, but the noise levels are pretty high.Dined there a bit ago and can only remember truly delicious things about this restaurant. Everything that I tried and ordered was beyond my expectations and blew me away.
BYOB, perfect atmosphere, and the chef, Konstantinos came out and introduced himself. Very personable man.
Overall, I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for making you feel at home in a Greek/Cypriot house when you are eating.Absolutely charming breakfast, brunch, and dinner spot. Happened it while in Philly for a conference and actually considered extending my stay just to explore their menu fully.  Food is elegant but has a warm, home cooked feel, coffee is strong, and the ambiance is great.  Gotta love a spot whose servers shout "Opa" when a guest breaks a glass!Finally got to check out this place over the weekend and was not disappointed!
Came in for breakfast right after opening at 10AM, service was prompt and thankfully it wasn't too crowded. I imagine that you have to make reservations relatively early given the size of the place and popularity though.
Ordered the Greek coffee for myself which was tiny (not sure if that's how it's supposed to be) but still tasty and unique with the coffee grounds in the cup. My friend ordered the Greek frappe which was creamy and delicious, will definitely get that next time. Got the Shakshouka which smelled amazing and was hearty and rich, especially since I opted for the additional sausage. Was pleasantly surprised by the peppery spiciness. My friend got the Cypress Breakfast which she said was delicious as well. Didn't take too long for the food to come overall but our server was very polite, updated us on food status and refilled our water regularly.
Will definitely be back for the lunch options next time!Having been to Greece and eaten at a villa-turned-resto a stone's throw from the sea separated by a white sand beach, the gustatory resonance of that experience still informs whether I think a resto is horrible or amazing. And this place is truly divine. 
I had a kedegree platter for brunch, and the rice was seasoned full of life and the veggies and fish were both extra fresh! I normally don't drink anything than water, but the mint tea + lemonade (lemonanna) was too intriguing to pass up, and boy I'm glad I splurged. That had to be one of the finest blends of balance I've had in a drink. 
I had always thought that this place was exorbitantly expensive, but my meal was actually very affordable for brunch. Dinner is still pricey. I do appreciate that there's an upscale vibe on the inside, however, alongside a more casual one under the outdoor awning.Kanella carries a well-deserved reputation as a prime brunch spot in Philly. Luck smiled on my party of three, as we snagged a last-minute reservation at noon (you should plan further in advance than we did). I echo other reviewers' sentiments concerning the decor at Kanella; as I walked in, the antique exposed brick and blue/white color scheme tempoarily transported me back to the Cycladic Islands. Chef Pitsillides kept the illusion going with his typically Mediterranean hospitality. He checked on our table thrice to make sure we felt welcomed, and indeed the constant attention and care we received has earned Kanella a return visit on that merit alone.
That isn't to downplay his Cypriot fare; the food is absolutely delicious. One can only indulge in so many variations of french toast or eggs benedict before growing bored, and Kanella's vibrant, rustic plates certainly enliven the palette and restore one's faith in brunch. We commenced our meal with the obligatory dip trio, which served up pumpkin-feta, spicy tomato, and white bean dips in lieu of the stereotypical hummus and baba. Each scored high marks from the table, with the pumpkin cruising into first with an interesting briny-earthy-sweet interplay. 
Other dishes ordered included the baked duck egg, potatoes with tzatziki, and a special lamb tongue stew. Though small in portion, the duck egg showed deft execution with a crispy but ever-so-slightly-creamy fried egg crowning well-seasoned, toothsome greens in yogurt sauce. The potatoes had a similarly crisp texture with fluffy innards, and paired beautifully with accompanying minty, rich tzatziki. The tongue stew offered a heaping plate of creamy giant beans and tender, pleasantly funky lamb tongue pieces in a vibrantly flavored sauce. With a squeeze of lemon juice, a dollop of accompanying Greek yogurt, and a last-minute side order of extra grilled pita, the dish served as a hearty, memorable combination of flavors and textures.
For a change of pace in the Philly dining scene, or simply for Chef Pitsillides welcoming demeanor and crazy-good plates, head to Kanella and get whisked away to the Aegean for an hour or so.Came here for brunch with my family on a day trip to Philly. The ambience was relaxed, though the service was very prompt. 
We began with a shared plate of dips and bread. The dips were really special hummus style and change - we had beet (beautiful color, nice earthy taste), sardine (a bit fishy for my taste, but the rest of my party devoured it) and a third veggie one (my favorite). 
I had the smoked cod with basmati rice and boiled egg. Though it isn't a traditional brunch meal, it was a great meal with good flavors and the right portions. 
My mom went with the featured Cyprus breakfast and what looked like hash browns is actually a greek styled cheese, very delish. I would recommend this dish for those looking for brunch fare. 
Their almond milk drink is mmm, yum, very thick and sweet - great for breakfast add-on. 
Our waitress was fine, but the host/owner (?) was really welcoming and helpful along the way to bump up my rating.Soooo good.  The dishes were light, fresh, and had really excellent mixes of flavors and textures.  The fried cheese (I forget what all the dishes were called) was great, salty and a little crispy over a chopped salad that had a little mint and cilantro in it I think.  The yogurt-lemon mousse was a perfect summer dessert - very lemony which I love.  The waiter was nice and outside seating is always appreciated.  Stop at the foodery on your way over and mix a six or bring a bottle of wine.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 b/c it was a bit pricey, but the lunch menu looked good (and cheaper).We went to Kanella on a Sunday night not knowing that Sundays are special.  They do the meze/chef's tasting (no other options).  $35 for meat and $30 for vegetarian options.  Between two of us, we split one of each so we could try everything.  We did not regret it!
The meze is basically a tapas-style meal - where they serve about 5-6 tapas per order.  By the end of the night, we couldn't even keep track of what we had eaten.  Everything was flavorful, the right mixture of rich for certain dishes and light for more vegetarian options.  We tried octopus, lamb, chicken, bison... just the range was very impressive.  And we loved that they served most richer dishes on a bed of salad, or something else complimentary to the tastebuds.
 Sitting behind us was a group of regulars who come every Sunday, which we noticed right away and took it as a good sign.  
Service was great - servers were attentive and sat us right away at a table outside even though we had no reservations and had no idea they had a chef's tasting that night.  They just kept coming out with more and more food, so if you come, be prepared to be stuffed. 
Can't wait to go back for dessert (maybe skip the actual meal next time) and for their famous brunch another time! But for now, I can only highly recommend Kanella for dinner.Ate brunch at Kanella today, the first time we have been there.  It really was a relaxing fun experience.  The service from Bill was great, just enough with out being patronizing.  We put him on the spot and basically made him order, everything was great, the rabbit soup with Fava beans was fantastic----wish I could get the recipe out of the vault.  We will return again, with a hearty appetite for really good food.Fantastic Greek food at reasonable prices.  The lamb dishes were particularly good.I came here for my birthday as mentioned by Aria S. I made reservations for a Wed night for a group of 9 (this is their max). Good thing too, because every table was full. Since this is a BYOB, we had about 7 bottles of wine for the table. As I looked around, every other table had ice for their wine. I had to ask our waiter after about 15 minutes if he could bring us a couple ice buckets for the table. He took our wine and put it over on a window sill. This was a little strange, but it only got worse. We didn't know if it was appropriate to grab it ourselves or if he would pour it for us. We spent the entire evening walking through the restaurant to awkwardly pour wine. Not exactly how I wanted to spend my bday dinner. Its especially frustrating because this is a BYOB restaurant, you'd think this wouldnt have been an issue. Besides this, the service was fine. They also accommodate to the gluten free people out there.
Onto the food. We started with dips of the day, very authentic and tasty. I ordered the braised rabbit leg. I thought the meat itself was fine. I wish it was seasoned better and more tender, especially for $26. Luckily I was able to try a few of my friends' dishes. My favorite was the stuffed pepper. I really wish I ordered that instead. 
Unfortunately I will not be coming back here. I wish I was able to have a great experience like some of the people below.Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Philly. And I love MANY restaurants in Philly. It's as if some lovely Greek-Cypriot family invited me to their home for a lovely Greek-Cypriot dinner, provided I bring my own wine and pay them about $40. I'd accept that invitation any day. 
Kanella simply offers classic, rustic dishes made with fresh, often organic ingredients by a chef who obviously cares a lot about his food. You'll see him buzzing around the dining room, advising diners on how best to enjoy the dishes before them. Might come off as heavy-handed, but this guy knows exactly what he's doing. 
Biggest hits for me include the whole fish (or any filet on the menu), duck breast and pork loin. For dessert, it's always the galaktobureko. Heaven. 
Brunch is fantastic, too, and an even more affordable way to enjoy Kanella. Plus, the service is always spot-on, no matter how full the restaurant is.ok, so I have been really trying to not be so generous with 5 star reviews but with Kanella I cannot help it. 
We had a reservation for breakfast Sunday at 10:30am - and yes you need a reservation sunday morning, and were seated promptly. By 11am the place was jammed.
Our server was excellent and extremely informative. I was amazed to see how affordable the breakfast and lunch platters were. I went with the Kanella platter - stuffed grape leaves, spicy tomato salad, fried egg plant, white beans, falafel, tsaziki, pita bread and olives - for all of $12. My gf got the same but her roommate  ordered the English breakfast.  Baked beans, enormous link of sausage, the most amazing bacon, grilled tomato and fried eggs for $10. 
I have seen some reviews on here and people complain about grounds in their coffee - umm all they serve is either french press coffee or greek coffee which is a lot like turkish coffee - it is expected to have grounds in it.  The french press coffee was amazing as well. 
As I write this I see that i am using the word "amazing" an awful lot but I can't help it. 
I also ordered greek yogurt with honey and walnuts which was unreal(see I didn't use amazing here) - my gf who hates greek yogurt really enjoyed it. 
All in all the food was amazing(had to), the service was spot on and the prices were extremely reasonable. 
This might be my new favorite breakfast spot.Incredibly impressed - I'm relatively new to the Philadelphia area and took my parents here to show them what the city has to offer, and we were all blown away.  Delicious food, affordable prices, great ambience, and very kind staff - we even got a Cyprus travel brochure from the restaurant owner after asking about how the food was made.  I might take him up on the offer at some point!Make sure you make a reservation especially for weekend brunch, it gets packed! We had to wait for an extra 15-20 minutes despite making a reservation and arriving early so this slightly dampened the experience. 
Food, however, was incredible, I had a dish that was like a stew of vegetables with eggs on top and almost licked my bowl clean. 
Great brunch spot that I would recommend to friends and family (if they can get a table!)Kanella is like an orgasm for my taste buds and a rejuvenation of my soul!!! I have been here twice (once for dinner and for brunch) and both times I left feeling like I found another wonder of the world...the food, service and atmosphere make this place well worth every penny you will spend!
Went today with my GF for brunch.  We started with a large French press of coffee that netted us each 3 cups and an order of the houmous and pita and one of the falafel.  We could have ended the meal there and been perfectly satisfied...
The experience only got better however as I ordered the English Breakfast which includes 2 eggs perfectly fried in olive oil, a sausage link, piece of slab bacon that still has me drooling, baked white beans in a light tomato sauce, half a grilled tomato and toast.  I added a side of halloumi, which isn't on the menu as a side but our waiter was more than happy to accommodate me. My GF ordered the Cyprus breakfast which was made famous by "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" and added a side of Greek fried potatoes.  
As we ate we could only look at each other and smile because our mouthes were too full and too happy to make coherent words come out of. Honestly if this was my last meal on earth I would die a happy man...My favourite BYOB has now also turned into my favourite place to lunch at! 
I finally made it down to Kanella in the daytime; thought the cozy dimly lit taverna style restaurant, with albeit consistently mouthwateringly delicious food, would loose some of its flare in the AM, but oh how I was wrong. 
I admit, I was more than a little suprised when I read Esquire's choice of best breakfast (does Kanella even do breakfast?). But when I arrived at Kanella around noon, sunlight was streaming through the giant windows, highlighting the lovely bouquets of flowers and potted plants, and upon glancing over the breakfast/brunch/or lunch menu, I saw the same simple sophiscation, and understood why Kanella had got the vote.
My party of three ate family style, sharing the Kanella platter (fantastic, and I mean the BEST stuffed grape leaves I have ever tried; light and fluffy zuccini fritters; a nicely dressed salad; and more) accompanied by the Yemen Pastry (fried yes, but utterly light, crisp, and savoury) with spicy tomato salad, and last but not least the Cypriote Breakfast, complete with grilled haloumi, perfectly fried eggs and lounza, a salty ham...wow was it all soooo very good! 
To top it off I indulged in my second cup of the day, and was amazed to find a restaurant that offers a strong cup of coffee! 
Moreover I finally met the other owner, and chef's other half, his very lovely wife who helped serve us, and was just as welcoming and warm as her husband.
As always I left Kanella, completely satiated, and already pondering my next return.Surprisingly delicious, as this Cypriot place goes all in with the Greek font on their menus. I had always wanted to try this spot, as it seems Philly is lacking in quality Greek/Mediterranean. The kofta was incredible. Case closed.We did the sunday night pre-fix menu and it was delicious, ample quantity and good value. Serive here is always excellent and friendly.Dined at Kanella three times in three different situations (dinner with my wife, dinner with my family and dinner with friends) - all were greatly enjoyable. Our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.
We came for dinner at Friday night.
The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and most importantly the food was amazing. We are from the Middle East and the food made us home sick in a good way. The Kanella Platter was the star but other starters were very good as well. In fact, everything we ordered was tasty, with the Stuffed Peppers being the highlight of our dinner.
The owner/chef really cares about the customers.i decided to try this place after a "soup nazi" type of lunch experience i had there in the fall. (aside from the diva-ness, i wasn't incredibly wow'ed by my meal.)  i went for dinner with a friend since she had never been to this restaurant. as always, the decor is awesome; i like the clean semi-cramped feeling. 
on to the food...
i had the watermelon salad and the roasted bell pepper with lentils. OMG! i would choose this meal as my pre-execution fare if i were on death row.  first off, the watermelon salad was ridiculously delicious. there were pieces of watermelon, some radishes, some other vegetable that i can't recall right now, and slices of some unpronounceable white cheese. those ingredients are kind of exciting on their own but what set that dish apart was the freaking oil-based dressing. i don't know what they put on top of that salad but it just made the whole dish come together.
the roasted bell pepper was ENORMOUS. i didn't realize how big and filling that dish would be. the bell pepper had some mix of lentils, raisins?, cheese, and whatever extra deliciousness the chef decided to throw in to blow my mind. accompanying the bell pepper was some kind of tomato ragout with a dollop of soft, i'm guessing, goat cheese. whatever it was it complimented the bell pepper fantastically.
all told, the total cost wasn't ridiculous for both items (i think i paid almost 40 usd with tax and tip.) 
given this experience, that chef can be soup nazi if he wants.Kanella is an excellent Greek-Cypriot restaurant. I have been there multiple times with both family as well as friends and each time I continue to be impressed. The dips of the day are amazing. I don't think there are better dips at any restaurant in the city. Some of my other favorite dishes are fried halloumi, grilled sardines, grilled whole fish, shrimp saganaki, ortiki, Cyprus mixed kebab and kouneli. The desserts are definitely worth bragging about too. My favorites are almond and date tart, lemon and yogurt mousse and the assorted Cyprus pastries.  Can't go wrong, great BYOB and a must-try.quite the professional response Caroline.
yes i do have quite a palate. eating off the streets of Manhattan for years makes one quite the critic.
salty=too much freaking salt. do you understand this?
and medium lamb doesn't mean a plate of blood you reject.
grow up and take criticism well, you are a small/ok place-
deal with it.Fantastic! Walked in for dinner around 8. It was very busy but they we able to seat us by the kitchen, a great spot. The wait staff was amazing, especially Bobby, who was very friendly, knowledgeable and personable, and not even our waiter. 
We started off with Bureki and fried calamari. The bureki was baked perfectly, it could have been a bit more puffed but still had a great flavor. The calamari was really surprising for me. I never eat calamari when it's ordered, it's always so rubbery, chewy and greasy. This was none of those things. Light, crispy calamari that was so tender. They also brought us complementary bread and tahini and red wine. Yum!
For our entrees we got the Stuffed Pepper and the Cyprus Tortelloni. The tortelloni was had a great texture and a yogurt based sauce that paired with it quite well. The stuffed pepper was cooked perfectly, the filling was delicious and came with a dollop of lebany, which I love with stuffed peppers. 
The chef came out a few times and picked out desserts for the two of us as we were game, and we were not disappointed! We received the Galatoboureko and the Pistachio and Olive Oil Cake. Both were so good, I love pistachio desserts.
Nice, friendly atmosphere. Very clean look. The price for what we got was right on the nose." Dinner and a show", as my boyfriend said, as there was plenty to look at conversations to over-hear. All of the ingredients we top quality and used with the utmost care. I also heard amazing things about the quail. If I wasn't leaving tomorrow, I'd go again for dinner, or breakfast, which also looks amazing.The food took nothing short of an hour to get to the table, but once it got there, it was tasty. Sadly, we forgot the 'B' in the BYOB so will have to go once more in hopes that the service is better.When you scan the Yelp reviews for Kanella, it looks something like this:
Brunch brunch brunch. Brunch brunch Cyprus breakfast brunch brunch brunch. Brunch brunch delicious brunch.
And I'd say that's pretty accurate.
Rather than boring yourself with reading the details, just go.Amazing! Fantastic BYO.
Came here on a cold, winter night for the first time. So many people have raved about this place, and now I know why. From the moment we sat down, we felt we were like the only ones there. (We clearly were not. The place was absolutely lively with so much happiness around!). The owner introduced himself to us, and helped us decide on what to order. We ordered the  lamb stew, monkfish, this phyllo pie appetizer (forgot the name), and later, a very tasty chocolate and date dessert.
Perhaps it was the flowing wine at every table, but the restaurant was crowded with large parties, family get togethers, and a birthday party. We were in good company. Narrow spaces for the servers to bring us food and water, but they were great in maneuvering around this small restaurant.
I cannot wait to come here again to try their brunch. The experience was a solid one. Large, delicious dishes that were made love. Super friendly owner and servers. Inviting and vibrant atmosphere. Great choice for a date night (first, second,146th), girls night (reunions, catch-up on gossip, talk about boys, share baby pictures), guys night (place for excellent food, talk about girls), birthday parties (BYO, 'nuff said), and any other occasion.
Seriously, a great restaurant to dine and share the experience with your loved ones.The falafel was out of this world! Great coffee, great brunch. 
I would love to come back for dinner. I hear their seafood is the best thing on the menu!AMAZING!! Been here a couple of times and never get tired of it! Great food, great service! LOVE!Everything is amazing here, all of the time. I save this place up for when I need an exquisite restaurant experience and can't be bothered to chance trying a new place.
The menu rotates just enough that your favorites always seem to be there, but there's also something new to whet the palette every time.
The hybrid of relaxed yet expertly crafted food along with casual decor creates a soothing and fun environment to enjoy family and friends over a couple bottles of wine. I've always felt the value for experience here was excellent and it's only ever a matter of when, not if, I'm going back.Dishes sampled included:
Kanella Platter with Stuffed Grape Leaves, Tabouli, Falafel, Fried Eggplant, Spicy Tomato Salad, Tzanziki, Olives and Pita
Malohwa Pan Fried Savory Puff Pastry from Yemen, Boiled Egg, Spicy Tomato Salad and Greek Yogurt
Cyprus Crepe - Crepe Stuffed with Manouri Cheese Drizzled with Carob Syrup
Mousaka - Ground Lamb Layered with Grilled Eggplant and Topped with Béchamel
Chef's Mother's Coconut, Date, and Hazelnut Cake - With Date and Orange Syrup
Baklava - Fillo Pastry Filled with Walnuts and Pistachios, Soaked in Spiced Syrup
Galatopoureko - Fillo Pastry Filled with Semolina Custard, Drizzled with Orange Syrup
The second of two 'breakfasts' that day my visit to Kanella featured two of my favorite dining companions and ordering widely from the interesting Greek inspired menu I think we all walked away quite impressed by not only the quality of the food but also of the service; a small family run operation where everyone was more than happy to tell you about the recipes and heritage of each dish.  Not well versed in Greek food and actually not at all a fan of grape leaves or Tzanziki the beauty of this menu for me was the more esoteric options such as the savory puff pastry and the sweets - the crepe and the Galatopoureko particularly excellent; I'd definitely revisit for breakfast or dinner, particularly given the wonderful family atmosphere and bargain prices for food I generally do not go out of my way for - an experience both delicious and educational.Sunday brunch: the service was good, although our waitress seemed a bit nervous and uncertain. The food was good and really interesting - this is not your typical Anglo brunch menu. This was the most interesting meal I've had in a long time. I'd love to try them for dinner, but right now dinner prices are out of my range - so I'd recommend them for a very reasonable and interesting brunch experience.I want to start by saying that Kanella still remains at the top of our list for one of our favorite local restaurants.
However, last Sunday we decided to try their meze-family style dining. I must say as much as we liked the foods offered on the preset menu, we enjoy the open menu much better. The portions were quite small and for the price fix of $35 I would much rather have my choice of some of the best dishes in town.Fabulous dinner. I'd been there for brunch, a few times and it was always very good but nothing amazing. However, my dinner on Friday night was absolutely delicious. I started with a small cyprus plate which had fabulous halloumi cheese, olives, sausage, and a great dip (forget what but remember it being delish) and it was really great. Then I had the chicken with a yogurt sauce and it was also fabulous. And huge. Can't wait to go back and to eat my leftovers!FINALLY made it to kanella back in march, holy crap that felt like it took forever. I was a fan of Cheg Pitsillides (I hope that's close to the correct spelling, don't feel like Googling) when he cooked at the unfortunately short-lived meze but for some reason kanella kept getting pushed lower down my eattherenow list. enough of this mischief, on to the food!
delicious haloumi, as one can expect, excellent grilled sardines (a semi-constant craving of mine), delicious lamb-stuffed, fried koubes, YUM! also, delicious stuffed peppers (no longer on the menu, maybe was a special). am definitely itching to go back and try more things, i completely trust this chef to deliver. one of the dishes we had in march was a special, and i remember it was a red meat served with a mix of braised green veg, including escarole and nettles. excellent. and he used nettles, which are a criminally underused/under-appreciated (and hard to frickin find) ingredient. i asked our waiter to ask where the chef got his but he wouldn't tell me. boo! but he doesn't know that i am not a chef or a spy. sigh. maybe anastasio's will special order some for me....WOW.
Seated by the nice hostess right away. The decor and ambiance is simple and understated. It sometimes can get a bit noisy because the space is not particularly large.
The waiter was attentive, friendly, and very knowledgeable. 
Bread had some tahini dip, which was good, but nothing to rave about.
There was a special eel appetizer (GET IT). Eel was supple with an amazing smokey flavor. The carrot slaw or whatever it was...delicious. Sauce was unique!
The octopus appetizer was delicious. Two octopus tentacles cooked to perfection with a neat side salad.
Rabbit leg entree was juicy and fall off the bone. The asparagus, lentil, carrot, onion, whatever it was...delicious.
The lamb kotka looked a lil dry, but was absolutely tender and moist! Solid dish with pita, okra, and etc.
The pig cheeks was the best! Amazing moist and flavorful. I could not get enough. You must order this!
The food was top notch as were the size of the entrees. The chef actually came out a few times and talked to us which made us feel so welcomed.
Assorted ice creams...there was a dill sorbet/ice cream and it blew my mind! This is a must try if they have it.
Pistachio creme brulee had great flavor!
Service is great. Food is amazing. Prices are incredible reasonable for the quantity, and most importantly, the quality. Plus it's BYO!
One of the best meals I have had in Philadelphia so far.Walked in at 11 on a saturday. There were 10 open tables but was told they wouldnt take walk ins because their computer was down. Absurd. Will not try to come again.Greek to its core. Nice atmosphere. Full and bustling. Service a little harried and inconsistent.
After great hummus I came to find that, as I was eating my appetizers and entrees, I just really don't like greek food that much. Not a knock on the restaurant, maybe more so my taste buds.
Flat face.Wonderful fresh flavors!  Best Brunch in Philly hands down - don't be afraid to try the specials - I have yet to try something here that I have not liked.Wonderful restaurant! My husband's pumpkin ravioli was perfect, not too sweet, the ravioli cooked exactly right. My lamb shank was falling off the bone delicious. Our waiter was informative and attentive, and easy to hear and understand in a small crowded restaurant. We enjoyed every bite! New to Philly, we appreciated the confirmation call when they reminded us that the restaurant was byob. If I'm ever in Philly again and would definitely go back to Kanellas.Went back to have lunch here the other day and was nicely surprised that we could order very tasty breakfast dishes.  The Shakshuka, eggs braised in tomato and pepper stew, with a strong cumin flavor, were certainly a good way to start our meal, the soft-cooked peppers making a perfect accompaniment for the runny eggs.  We ordered the appetizer combination plate, including well-known meze favorites.  Especially good were the crisply fried fava falafal balls, other meze were quite ordinary, like the lackluster tzatziki.  Not at all to our liking were the mushy, bland dolmades (stuffed grape leaves).  The grilled pork was correctly done, served with a small salad.  I was glad to see a pretty good lunch crowd, the lunch prices, after all, are very good.  Looking at the dinner menu, including goat stew and rabbit, I imagined the food to be more focused and also more original in the evening, while the lunch choices did not surpass average, including the desserts of galaktobureko (with tired phyllo) and a pudding with lots of rose water.  The service is knowledgeable and friendly and the atmosphere of the restaurant bright and inviting.Very nice Washington Square West lunch choice. Went here with my son on a Saturday. Our food was good and the portions were huge. Simple decor.Zorba the Burger!!! What a killer burger. Everything about it was delicious. The service was great and the decor was cute. Popped in on a whim for lunch, expecting to get a gyro. They don't serve them, but we didn't even care when they brought out the lamb burgers. Great food!The brunch food was dope sauce. Every bite of every thing was so full of flavor!!! I was in love. It's also BYOB. 
My boyfriend and I shared kanella platter, chicken kebab, Greek yogurt with honey, and baklava. They had the best hummus I've ever had!!
Basically, everything was 5 stars!!! .. maybe except the Greek yogurt since I couldn't distinguish from my trader joes Greek yogurt drizzled with honey- I probably won't get that next time.
I was full but it was a feel-good kind of fullness, as I felt good without feeling gross and greasy despite stuffing my face. 
It's a very cute restaurant and it almost made me feel like I was on some Greek island! The waiter could have been friendlier though...This is a nice restaurant low key nice services and good food, We started with the three dips the pumpkin dip was such a surprise really amazing and flavorful, The carrot app with ramps was roasted carrots which were tender and sweet with a garlicky tender ramp again nice, the only app we had which i felt was over salted and rubbery was the octopus, and I really love octopus, I like mine tender not chewy although I have traveled in greece and had it the way they serve it so it could just be my personal preference.  Price wise it wasn't too bad but a byob has to make there money somehow so items 25 to 32 seems reasonable.  My entree was a Quial which was tender and flavorful and my companion had the stuffed pepper very tender light and flavorful, the only thing is you have to get an app if you get the stuffed pepper because it is served by itself even though its hearty.  I will come back12/28/13. Great greek food. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. Fast bottle service. BYOB.  Book in advance though, they are a small restaurant.I came here on July 2nd with four others.  Decor was simple, noise level was unremarkable.  Space was a bit small--I was sitting with my back to a wall, and servers kept squeezing past me.  Our server was helpful, although he never seemed to make eye contact and seemed to close his eyes whenever talking.  Maybe that's how Cypriots are and he was just trying to give us a more authentic experience?
We got the Greek salad, dips of the day, bureki, and halloumi for appetizers.  The salad was moderately sized and pretty standard.  (I think the one at Dmitri's is a better value.)  I'm not entirely sure what the dips were, but I believe there was a lentil one, a chickpea/anchovy one, and a pumpkin one.  We all disagreed about which one we liked best, but we thought all of them were good.  We had to ask for more pita for dipping, which they didn't charge for.  The bureki (fillo pastry stuffed with feta and thyme, drizzled with thyme honey, served with roast beets ) had a nice sweet/salty thing going on, and I liked the herbaceousness, but it was a bit small to share 5 ways.  It seemed expensive for the size, but maybe that's also because we were splitting it.  The beets seemed a bit like an afterthought.  The halloumi was interesting--I didn't realize that it doesn't really melt.  Again, not the best appetizer to split.  Of the apps, dips of the day was the winner.  
One additional note--they brought out bread with tahini, and I feel like the timing was off--either they brought it just before or at the same time as the rest of the appetizers, or a refill was slow.  Also, nobody poured our wine for us, and we wound up pouring our own.  Neither really bothered us, but I like to nitpick.
For entrees, we got two veal flank steaks, a pork chop, a quail, and a duck leg.  I had the veal.  All the meat was well-cooked, well-seasoned and amply portioned, and the accompaniments were well-executed also.  I'm hesitant to say it, because everyone was happy with their food, but I think most of us agreed that the mains were still somewhat unremarkable; maybe they lacked some defining Greekness that we were expecting.  I'd never had quail, so I did enjoy the richness, and people who tried the duck really liked it (the piece I tried was really too small to get much duckiness).
For dessert, we got the date and chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce, the galatoboureko (filo pastry with semolina custard), and the assortment of Cypriot pastries.  The chocolate cake was amazing--extremely moist, chocolatey, with a faint trace of date flavor.  The vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce weren't the most imaginative things, but they were good and worked well with the cake.  I really enjoyed the custard as well--it reminded me of creme brulee, almost, with a thick, rich texture and fairly subtle flavor.  The pastries had baklava, which was really good--it had cinnamon in it, which made it stand out from other baklava I've had.  There were also almond cookies, which were okay, but not too exciting, and some sort of cake that was sort of dense/dry and not as sweet as I would've liked it.
As we were leaving, we were preparing to stuff a bottle of wine we wound up not opening in a purse, and a server (not ours) stopped me and gave me a...fabric wine tote?  I don't know what it's called, but he said that people are always leaving them at the restaurant and we could have this so our chilled wine wouldn't warm up on the way home.  It was a nice touch.
Total came out to about $45/person including tax and tip, and most portions were reasonable/generous.  Overall, this was a solid restaurant.  I'd been looking forward to it for awhile.  Although not everything lived up to my built-up hopes, just about everything was at least good, and a few things really were excellent.My go-to BYOB. It's bustling, the food is amazing and the service is always entertaining. The food is homey in the best sense of the word, receipies with combinations that have stayed the test of time. It makes me feel like I'm eating at a friend's house, you can just relax, drink a bottle or two, and relate.Greek food! 
Came here for dinner. When you first walk in this place you might think its small but you are definitely greeted by the staff with a warm welcome and discover how cozy it is. The food is phenomenal. They bring out the bread with tahini sauce to every table. We ordered the dips of the day with warm pita bread to share wit the table. I ordered the winter ravioli stuffed with pumpkin. Delish and not too heavy. For desert I shared the chocolate date cake and bites of the pistachio cake as well. Our waiter highly recommended the pistachio cake but both were equally unique and delish in taste. The chef also came around and made sure we enjoyed our meals which also was a plus! You def need reservations for dining on weekends here.AMAZING - best mediterranean / Greek in Philly.As a Greek-Cypriot I can tell you that the atmosphere and food is authentic.  I brought my grandma here for her birthday and the head chef came out and spoke with her, and gave us a free plate of desserts.  I will definitely be back.  What a gem.I'm always a fan of BYOBs. We brought out out of town vendors here and everyone was pleasantly surprised.
Appetizers: Dips, Goat cheese and warm hummus
Dinner: Chicken and kebabs
Everyone was satisfied! I will definitely return!Sidewalk seating for brunch at this corner restaurant was quite pleasant. Perhaps it was the nice weather and my two beautiful friends for company that enhanced my experience. Regardless, the items on the menu are creative and the prices are friendly. 
I had the Shaksouka: poached eggs sitting in a sauce of roasted peppers and tomatoes served with two pieces of bread. It needed some pepper and one more piece of bread would have made it perfect. 
Service was not very quick, but the girls and I were busy talking, so I didn't mind waiting for our food and waiting for the check.WOW.  I moved to Philly from San Francisco 6 months ago, and this place consistently provides the BEST food...and that's the opinion of a pretty devout foodie!  Every time I eat here, the food just keeps getting better.  They have a beautiful variety of fresh veggies, fish, and meats, and everything is seasoned perfectly.  The service is very warm and friendly, (we are big fans of our favorite waiter, John) and I would HIGHLY recommend the Sunday evening tasting menu.  You choose veggie or meat/seafood and they bring out an absolute smorgasbord of incredible freshly made dishes to sample.  One of the best spots in Philly, in my humble opinion.  Will keep coming back!!!!Wow! Wow! Wow!
Came here for a Sunday lunch.  I love Greek and Cypric food and this did not disappoint.  Highly varied menu that included lamb dishes, crepes and everything inbetween.  My wife and I got a bunch of small plates.  This spot is BYOB, so we brought our own alcohol.
The check, with tip, only came to about $40 apiece, which is a steal for how much we ate and how good it is.  
This place is small and a bit confined, so make a reservation before you go, but you will not be disappointed in the food.Food was good but for an 8pm reservation we were given our table 840pm. What's even better is that we got a 6 seater for an 8 people table. It's gets better, the hostess told us that she can't ask a 2 seater table next to us to leave so we should hover around them to pressure them to leave!! Expect a long wait, bad service from the hostess and good food. Food worth 4 stars.I went for lunch during the week (Wednesday) with my friend Peter. I was really excited to try this Cypriot food. He got the spanakopita, and I got ground lamb with pine nuts on flatbread (I think it was called lacham azeen). Both came with a few mouthfuls of a side salad.  The food was tasty & hot, came out quickly, and the portions were perfect for lunch.
Service was decent, the waiter was very practiced and tried to be funny. I would have preferred he had been ]better about keeping the water glasses full instead of disappearing outside every few minutes He was, however, very solicitous and offered recommendations.
The decor is nice, the walls are painted white, the touches of blue and the ambient light give it a very Mediterranean feel, which I suppose is what they're going for!Everyone loves it here. I clearly am not everyone. Which is sad, because I had really been wanting to try it, so I made a res for brunch on opentable, and despite planning ahead, it still took 20 min to get us a table. Once seated, our waitress took forever to come over, and I'm pretty sure she never heard the expression "service with a smile" as she had a dour frown the whole time she negligently "served" us. We got egg dishes that were clearly fresh and could have been outstanding, but lacking spice (and love). When we asked for toast, she told us there was no bread. Like the bread that came with our eggs. There was none. So I guess the bread we had was a mirage. Perhaps it was just a bad day. But I'd have to be strongly persuaded to ever go back. NOTE: This is the worst review I've ever given (I generally only Yelp if I love something), so it's not as though I like to pan places--I went here with high hopes--but it disappointed me on all fronts so I'll stick to Silk City or Farmacia for furture brunches.Went here the day after valentines day! I went to tria for drinks before and then walked the one block here for dinner; brought a large 220z bottle of beer with and they were happy to bring a nice bucket to keep it cool and some chalice type glasses. They started us off with bread and tahini which was very good. My bf and I went with the trio of dips, the rabbit leg and the summer ravioli. The rabbit leg was good, but the ravioli stole the show. It was so flavorful!  I would def come back here, ESP for brunch. There are so many things on their menu that sound amazing. They've got good service too!Food is excellent. I think it's the best greek food I have had in the city. My only complaint and the reason for 4 stars is the noise level. It's rather loud, and difficult to have a conversation. Otherwise, always be sure to make reservations - this place gets packed at night and on weekends. Try to go during off-peak times to avoid the noise. Amazing food, and love that it's BYO.Hell yeah. The chicken kebab and the rice that came with it were totally delicious.
My only issue was that the service was a bit slow. It seemed like waiters and waitresses were walking past us over and over throughout the whole meal.Not exactly Greek.
This is a decent place which for some reason is usually swimming in college educated mid 20's / early 30's estrogen. Women love Kanella. Take a date here!
I'll admit: I'm biased. I'm Greek, and I've been all over Greece. I've never been to Cyprus. Therefore, I don't really like the food if it is supposed to be what I know from Greece. I even prefer Turkish food to what I've had at Kanella. 
The food at Kanella isn't bad, for what it is. I can't say whether it is authentic Cypriot cuisine. It's nothing like mainland Greek cuisine. I can say for sure at least from a Northern Greek perspective, there are better options in the city in this price range. Try Estia.
That all said, the service was friendly. Best part of the whole meal was the desserts and coffee. If the place weren't so small, and perhaps had lots of sidewalk seating in summertime, I would be there several nights per week just for desert and coffee. But this is Philadelphia....Amazing food, fantastic service. If we lived in Philly, we would be here once a week. From beginning to end, each course was extraordinary...particularly enjoyed the pasta with halloumi and yogurt sauce. They were very accomodating of a picky little eaters vegetarian palette and generally very solicitous of all members of our disheveld party.  We will be back!This place is WOW! The place is cozy and quaint. Considering we did not have reservations on a Saturday morning, we were lucky enough to be seated right by the door. It was a cold day and the heater was a little help, considering my friend wore a t-shirt under a light parka ( we are from Los Angeles. Philly in the middle of February is brrrrrrrrr freezing cold~ knowing is half the battle).  Service was friendly and personable. I love that the servers knew the regulars and it appeared that some built a connection and relationship with them. I like that it shows that Kanella staff care about their guests. 
My experience, being a first time guest was also enjoyable. I noticed the Chef come out a few times to check on the guest. Personally, I thought that was a thoughtful gesture.
 I ordered the Cyprus Breakfast and my companion ordered the Malawa. We shared the dishes. I was totally amazed! The Cyprus Breakfast was simple, the flavors all complemented the ingredients. When you ate it all together, the was a party in your mouth. You feel compelled to just close your eyes and enjoy what is in your palette. Gosh! Writing about my experience is just taking me back! Which is proof that the experience in Kanella is a full experience not a partial one! 
The Malawa is also a great dish the yogurt and the bread... Woohoo! Explosion in your palette! 
I highly recommend both. This place is awesome! I am impressed. When I visit Philly again, Kanella will be a "must stop by" places! 
KUDOS TO THE CHEFExcellent food, very good service.  Only two stars because dinner at least is outrageously expensive.  27 bucks for a lamb stew that was definitely good, but about the size of a bowl of cereal.  I mean good or not, it's still stew.  The kids moussaka was good as well, but 22 bucks for 1 slice with a small side of khorabi.  Ripoff.One of the best meals I've had in Philly. Everything was great. 
Here are some of the highlights:
* The squid
* the steak 
* Good service
* Good prices
* Easy to access neighborhood
In general, Philly is a foodie town and this place is one of the top food places in a foodie town.I LOVED this place! Might just be my new favorite restaurant in Philly.  The food, the service, the ambiance -- all quaint, simple, and perfect.  I read some reviews about poor service but that wasn't my experience at all.  The waiter was extremely helpful and thorough -- and we were a tough crowd with lots of questions.  For an appetizer, we all ordered the dips, which included, among other things, the best babaganoush I've ever had.  For an entree, I ordered the stuffed vegetables which was stuffed cabbage with lentils, rice, and feta.  It was amazing! My fiance got the veal dish and also loved.  Our two other dining companions ordered the rabbit and the special of the day - a pork dish - and they were as equally impressed as us.  For dessert, we got the homemade ice cream - halavah and mint flavored.  Delicious! The chef was making rounds during dinner and we had a chance to tell him what an amazing dinner we enjoyed.  I will definitely be back -- very excited to try their brunch!Finally made it here the other night after dying to go forever and left very happy!!  Loved the decor, so cute, and all of the staff were super sweet!  The watermelon salad was light and refreshing and so good.  The calamari was perfectly done.  The roasted bell pepper was good but not great.  I had a great experience though and I cannot wait to go back!I love a restaurant that gets it right and this one definitely does.  The food is outstanding, fresh, delicious and creative.  The service is super friendly and knowledgeable.  You get the feeling the wait staff loves working there.  And it's BYOB which helps with the bill.  We have bought wine and beer on different visits.  Food goes great with either.My girlfriend and I had a wonderful experience at Kanella recently on our way traveling back from North Carolina. 
The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is nice. It's small, without being cramped, and sparsely decorated to its benefit. The walls drip Greece (or, more accurately, Cyprus) and the menu reflects the chef's love for south east Europe.
We shared a few appetizers which escape me at this moment because the real stars of the dinner were the entrees. I ordered the kouneli, braised rabbit with beans and yogurt. It was absolutely delicious in its light richness from the sauce and rabbit to the acidity of the yogurt. My girlfriend ordered the stuffed calamari, which she still talks about days after.
We had the pleasure of meeting the chef and owner, Konstantinos, who was a pleasure. After talking with him for a while, he was kind enough to send a few blocks of baklava which were a sweet end to the meal.
Our server was also excellent. He was extremely knowledgeable and familiar with the menu. His service helped contribute to the overall wonderful experience we had.
Can't wait to get back to Philly to dine at Kanella again!My friend and I had dinner here last Friday and I'm still talking about it! Now, considering my friend is Greek, taking her to a Greek restaurant is like taking Jacque Cousteau to an aquarium, but I made an reservation and away we went. 
We decided to traverse the menu tapas style, and ordered many appetizers instead of entrees. We started with the fried smelts (a special of the night), octopus with peppers, onions, and capers and saganaki (pan fried sheep's cheese). The smelts were smaller than I have seen served before and we were presented with a sizable pile accompanied by a simple salad of tomato and cucumber. Crispy and well seasoned, I could have just kept eating these all night! The octopus was cooked perfectly (not a chewy bit in sight) and the saganaki was GORGEOUS. Served with olives and figs in a small amount of brine, we found ourselves using our bread to get every last bite! (Side note: Homemade sourdough bread with tahini sauce kicked off our meal. YUM!) 
Our second "course" consisted of the Koukouvagia which was a salad composed of Cretan rusks (sorta like olive oil soaked croutons), feta cheese, olives, tomatoes, oregano and mixed greens. Again a very sizable portion, which we easily split. Fresh ingredients all nicely paired in flavor and texture.
And then the last two dishes... sweetbreads (another special) and a rabbit casserole. Seeing as I had never tried sweetbreads( the thymus or pancreas gland of lamb or veal. These were veal.) we took a chance and ordered them and I'm glad we did! They were served to us encased in a deep fried batter, we received 5 of them and they were deliciously moist and tender. This dish was by far my friend's favorite as it took her back to Greece. And as for the rabbit stew, what can I say? Served in a small terracotta pot, the rabbit itself was flaky and gamey and the giant white beans were the perfect partner. 
At the end of the meal, we were so stuffed, we wouldn't fit in dessert. For all those plates our total came to $50.75, a great bargain in my opinion for such caliper of food. 
Also worth mentioning... the staff and owner were friendly and knowledgeable and we enjoyed the decor. It is fairly small, so on a packed night (like ours) it was quite noisy. This didn't bother us, but I couldn't see bringing anyone who is hard of hearing or does not like noisy restaurants. Reservations are definitely needed. 
I'll absolutely be back, but until then I just have to daydream about our wonderful meal.Went for the family-style deal that they have on Sundays. Twelve plates for $30 (vegetarian) and twelve plates for $35 (meat). I think I am remembering that correctly. BYOB so went down to the Foodery and got something to drink. All the food was excellent, the waiters were good, and sitting outside was good even if it was at a slant. Definitely would go back for dessert since I was too stuffed to eat any this time around.I had spotted Kanella awhile ago when walking through that part of town, never heard of it. Read the reviews on yelp and definitely wanted to try it. We had brunch here at 2pm this past weekend and it was a stellar experience. The restaurant was beyond packed and busy, yet service was still attentive. The smell coming out of this place is intoxicating.
We had a really nice bottle of Stag's Leap Chardonnay and ordered savory brunch items. We shared theTachinosalata Platter to start (tomato salad, warm hummus, pita, felafel).  I had a spiced Mahi over couscous with preserved lemon and varied chopped ingredients. My friend had the clams and mussels penne special. I ordered a dessert that was offered as a special I believe. It was a lemon greek yogurt with a raspberry coulis. It was delicious. 
The dining room is warm and cozy. Yes, it is tight. Yes, it can be loud. The food is the real star here. Everyone sitting around us had amazing looking food as well.
I was really impressed with this place. I cannot wait to go back. It offers something authentic and special.The meals are superlative!  It's my new favorite restaurant.  Although I've ventured more through the dinner menu, I can't seem to order anything other than the Cyprus breakfast for brunch.  It's just too good to pass up.
The chef truly knows good food and great flavor.  The pressed coffee and desserts have been just as satisfying as the meals.  The galatopoureko is divine, simply divine.
The servers have been informative, accommodating, welcoming and charming, too!My boyfriend and I went there for dinner recently. He ordered the poaches monkfish and was pleasant surprised by it. The sauce was absolutely delicious - a bit of citrus flavor to it - and the dish was nicely balanced with chickpeas and some veggie. He is already talking about going back for brunch! Lol So you won't be disappointed by the monkfish. I ordered the lamb, which was nice but didn't blow me away.We've been wanting to try Kanella's brunch for about a year now and given that we needed to be in the area, we decided to try it out. We stopped in without reservations around 1pm and when my bf told the server we didn't have a reservation but it was his birthday, they did their best to accommodate us. Luckily, one of the tables didn't show up for their reservation so we got to stay! Our server was AWESOME. So eager to help and make recommendations, and super friendly. We decided on the watercress salad and cuttlefish, both of which were specials. We also got the lamb sausage and duck egg breakfast. The food was good, but we weren't OVERLY impressed by anything. We really enjoyed the lamb sausage dish, but felt that it was a bit small. The salad was good, but nothing special. I felt that the flavor of parsley somewhat overpowered the cuttlefish, but I also don't really like parsley so I may have been particularly sensitive. Given the incredible reviews, I'm wondering if we just didn't order all that well, especially because we LOVE Meditarranean food. The service was excellent...the server put a candle in our order of baklava without our even asking. I would definitely go back and try it again.This is the best Greek food I've ever had. Every single dish is mouthwatering, every single time. Each item tastes fresh, and I've seen adults lap up the hummus with their fingers to get every bite of goodness possible. Try the Sunday night prix fixe - the food streaming out of the kitchen was varied and mouthwatering.Sometimes, after I eat mediocre microwave food, I am comforted by the fact that I went to Kanella one time and had some of the best food I've ever had. And pretty soon, I will return to eat delicious lamb dumplings. 
Everyone should eat here. And they should order lamb.Kanella most definitely stands out as my favorite spot based on my frequent dining experiences within the last 8 months. I ate there close to 5 years ago for brunch and still remember it, I dined at Kanella last evening for dinner and was blown away. Incredible, really. We began with the trio of dips, I was relieved when hummus and baba ganoush was not in the line up, it was pumpkin-feta, beet and cream purée, and a roasted veggie concoction, delicious and different. The lamb stew is one of my favorite dishes in the city right now. Smaller space so be prepared. My girlfriend had the roast goat...stellar. This cuisine is not your typical Greek spanakopita, gyros, and eggplant dishes, this is the cuisine of Cyprus. Don't be too intimidated, the server dies a great job of describing the dishes. BYOB, enjoy it!Kanella is a Greek restaurant but is the closest I could find to Yemeni food in Philadelphia.  On the menu, they have "Malohwa" in the breakfast/lunch section with the description, "pan fried savory puff pastry from Yemen, served with a boiled egg, spicy tomato salad and Greek yogurt."
Malawah bread is my favorite Yemeni bread and the version at Kanella was perfect and soft.  This was delicious!  If you would like to try some Yemeni bread, this is the place to go in Philadelphia!
For more information about Yemeni food, please visit here:
http://yemenfood.blogspot.com/p/food.html
To try really good and authentic Yemeni food, NYC is not too far away and the best place is Yemen Restaurant in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn (http://yemenrestaurantnyc.com/).Oh. my. god. I am madly in love with this place! I had been there for dinner once before and adored it, but I always wanted to return for brunch, since I heard excellent things about Kanella's brunch. My brunch experience this morning solidified Kanella's place in my heart forever. It is probably in my top 5 favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia, since the dishes here have been consistently fresh and flavorful. The food manages to be rich, complex, and filling yet surprisingly light. 
I had family visiting from out of town, and I wanted to take my family to somewhere unique instead of a typical brunch spot with all the predictable items. Kanella's brunch menu is creative, and integrates some lunch and dinner items with more traditional breakfast mainstays like fried eggs. To start, we got freshly pressed coffee and the dips of the day. The dips impressed right off the bat. The baba ganoush and hummus were perfectly garlicky and lemony. Our favorite was a blend of carrots, feta, and some other delicious ingredients I really wish I could remember (facepalm). The grape leaves on the Kanella platter were among the best I've ever had. The rice was well-textured, and the grape leaves avoided being overly oily and mushy, a grape leaf pitfall I've experienced in the past. My dad had the most breakfast-y item out of all of us, which was the stewed tomato and onion shakshouka served with eggs and crispy bread. He enjoyed it greatly and described it as a fresh variation on huevos rancheros. The haloumi here is the best I've ever had. 
I was very happy in my decision to take an out-of-towner here, and I will keep it in mind  when I need to impress my next Philly visitor! Oh, and did I mention it's relatively affordable and also a BYOB? Win.This is a review for a recent sunday meze. 
$30 vegetarian and $35 meat, and the portions are substantial!
Bread w/ dip (lentil this time), really delicious dip! There was a side of picked vegetables that were pretty good too..but I only like olives (personal preference though)
It was 2 of us (1 meat and 1 veg meze):
4 dishes for appetizer -- duck heart, boar sausage, grape leaf wrap with sauce, falafel, my favorite were the falafel (it was pink on the inside! maybe beets?) and the grape leaf. My boyfriend said the duck heart was really delicious, and the boar too. I'm particular about meats and did not try those.
7 main dishes - pork dish, bean dish, sea food (some sort of squid), chicken, spinach pastry, stuffed tomato, and beets. I LOVED the bean and the spinach pastry. Definitely delicious. The great thing was that all dishes had its own unique taste, no taste really repeated (except for the yogurt sauce that accompanied some). 
By the end I was super stuffed, but the desserts sounded delicious!
Desserts aren't included in the meze, but at $5 a pop, they're a bargain!
Had their home made baklava and some sort of custard/filo/orange thing. I loved both! So delicious. Their coffee was good too.
I will DEFINITELY be coming back! Come hungry because the portions could have fed 4 of us well. Reservation would be good for the Sunday meze, as when we went there was only 1 free table. The location is very small. 
Our server was also fantastic! Very knowledgeable and sweet. Enjoyed him immensely. 
I've included pictures of everything for people who are visual.Kanella is, hands down, the best new restaurant in Philadelphia. The food is impeccably prepared, every time, (I've eaten there a dozen times at least) it is imaginative, hearty, yummy, everything you could want, and all of it comes from a chef who truly understands his heritage. The service is excellent, the prices are very reasonable, and the menu changes often enough that you are guaranteed variety. What's nice about the decor is that it is full of light, and a feeling of being in someone's home, while still providing a chic place to get a little fancied-up at night. Great date restaurant, great for families, great even for the single diner. I will keep coming back here, no question!After a memorable breakfast I am really looking forward to trying dinner when they reopen in a new and bigger location. This is a far cry from any breakfast I've ever had, to me that is a good thing. The chef/owner's presence even during the morning hours shows how much commitment he has for his traditions and craft. How can you not like a place that serves fried Halloumi for breakfast.I've eaten here twice and its been a treat on both occasions. Last night I had the "whole fish of the day" which was Bronzini. My wife had the Cypress Tortellini, and we split the Saganaki for appetizers. It was all incredible. The tortellinis are so rich and creamy and flavorful, and their fish is just perfect. We ate till we couldn't move and the bill came to $75 (before tip).
As other Yelpers have noted, its a bit cramped and noisy in there but I really like this aspect of it. It gives it a bit of ambiance that suggests a frenetic mediterranean sensibility. But its still great for date night.
And finally, its worth asking if you can be seated in John's section. I'm sure the other waiters are excellent too but John is really in a world of his own. Very nice and warm and funny and also freakishly attentive to detail. He's elevated being a waiter to a craft that he takes very seriously. He's good at his job and its fun to watch him work.Had an early dinner with my friend here a few weeks ago. We split three apps: octopus, malohwa, and lamajun. They were all fine, no complaints.  We had decent outdoor seating too.  However, there was nothing too mind blowing about this place, it was all very adequate. I would by no means steer people away from here, but I'd simply state to expect a satisfactory dining experience and nothing more.Why oh why haven't I had brunch here?!?! LISTEN UP! I live literally 10 houses away from Kanella.  I've had their dinner and to be honest I wasn't too impressed.  My neighbor asked if I wanted to grab brunch one saturday morning and I agreed... we arrived without wine and immediately sent the husband to the house for some good vino.  We started with the dips app along with some falafel.  They were fantastic!! :)  For our entrees we both got the Cyprus Breakfast which comes with grilled halumi, two eggs, ham and bread. YUM YUM YUM it was so good! We also split an order of the potatoes which too were amazing.  
I will be returning this weekend for another yummy way to start the weekend!I absolutely LOVE Kanella.  
I've only been for brunch but everything from the food to the coffee is perfect.  BYOB saves me a TON of money on $12 Bloody Marys and $8 mimosas.  
The Cyprus Breakfast is a perfect combination of flavors!
I wouldn't recommend their falafel or grape leaves.  The falafel is really dense and the grape leaves are very sweet.  But they do have really yummy Tzatziki!
My favorite server is definitely Bill.  What a sweetheart!!This place was great. The food was delicious and it is a fun place. I thought it was pricey for a byob. Still, I highly recommend it.Service was friendly. I would ask the servers what they think about the different specials, since our waiter gave us an honest opinion, I followed his suggestion, and didn't regret it one bit. I can now say I ate a Partidge, and loved it. No 70's TV family bands were hurt in the act either. A+ place.The dips of the day are always delicious and usually some type of lemony, garlicky mixture.  The only downfall here is that if you ask for more pita, you will be charged a wee fee, but I think it is worth it considering how good the pita is.
The first time I went here, I ordered the Greek salad.  It's hard to go wrong with this choice at most restaurants, but Kanella really does give it that something extra.  Everything was so crisp and fresh.  
At my most recent visit, I ordered the Arni for my entree, which is grilled top loin of lamb w/ bulgar wheat and stuffed zucchini.  My boyfriend had the Poulerikio, which is organic baby chicken flattened and cooked under a brick, with tourlou tourlou and garnished with fava slatsa.  Both of these I have put up in the picture section.  They are both beautifully presented and tasted just as excellent.  Sometimes the most simple ingredients make for the best meals.  
BYOB bomb boyeee!
I forgot to mention the delicious french-pressed coffee!  It was sooo good.  A friend of ours makes this kind of coffee often, so he was very good and taking it nice and slow to press down.  If I had done it, my coffee experience would have probably sucked.  It gave us a little bit of pep in our step before going out on the town.This place has been in my neighborhood for quite some time and I just went there this morning for brunch. I wish I had gone here much earlier. 
We brought a bottle of Champagne, and the staff was very accommodating in making Mimosas for us to make our brunch complete. The service was very friendly and helpful with suggestions. 
The food was delicious. We ordered a bunch tapas and shared it family style. All were very good, the only problem was that I wanted to order more than I could have possibly eaten. So I will have to come back often. 
The price was very reasonable and we were all very satisfied.Wonderful place. Helpful waitstaff who were easy to relate too. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the food and ingredients - almost as if he must have long discussions with the chef. 
The food was fantastic - high quality fine dining like. I had one of the vegetarian entrees - a stuffed pepper. It was just really super flavorful. Also had some great appetizers. The kicker was when we ordered coffee after - some of the best French press coffee around. Well done.Hands down, my favorite restaurant I have been to in any city I have traversed to (ie: New York, San Francisco). From the first time I tried it, I was hooked and became a "regular" there (sometimes going twice in one week). The beauty of this restaurant is not only the amazing food (you can't go wrong with any item but my personal favorites are the Greek Salad and Quail) but the hospitality from not only the Head Chef/Owner (who's there and greets every single table), but the whole waiting staff as well. Every single time I go, I always feel at home. 
I love this place and will always be the first place I go to when visiting Philadelphia. If you're here for a short time, let this be the first thing on your itinerary. 
Thank you for all the memories! You guys have done a magnificent job :)This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. First off it's a BYOB (yes!). I've loved everything that I've gotten. We always get one or two apps, one of which includes the trio of dips with grilled pita. I always get a different entree and try a bit of my date's so I've tasted a lot on the menu. As for the menu, it changes frequently but fundamental the flavorings are very "Kanella"... can't explain it because I don't have the lingo, but I know a Kanella dish when I taste one.
This place is tiny, which my husband and I have concluded is why the food is always consistently deliciously seasoned and cooked to perfection. But the small size means you need to have a reservation. No such thing as walking in and getting a table. Even if you call an hour in advance you might catch a cancellation, but don't waste your time trying to just stroll on in on a Friday or Saturday night!
Just go!!I found the food here to be excellent and sublime.  I have been here for lunch and dinner.  
Just go - taste & savor.  
Go for the specials, the appetizers, and to taste something unique.  
I predict the chef will become a food celebrity in the years to come.
One side note - the place is busy so be patient.   It is worth it.  The waiters can be a little distracted at times, but they are effecient.I am going out of my mind trying to remember the name of the dish that I had at Kanella. I searched the website (btw, don't let the site fool you, the food is brilliant) and I can't find it on there; but anyway, it was a guinea fowl dish on top of some really delicious rice/stew business that was just... wow. I dunno if everyone else who was with me was impressed with what they got, but I certainly know that mine looked beautiful in terms of presentation, and it tasted divine. I did try bites of some of the other dishes, and there was one dish that was something like a stew (possibly the rabbit?) that I absolutely did not like because the taste of cinnamon overpowered everything else that was going on in the dish. As far as appetizers go, we really enjoyed the different dips, which were all distinct in flavor, and most of our conversation until the arrival of our entrees was an argument about which one was the best.
The service was great, which really it better be because the place never seems busy. Although, I think our waiter was annoyed at me because I asked him for his opinion, and then completely ignored it and picked something else. While I don't regret my choice, I can see why that might come off as a d*ck move, and therefore don't hold it against the guy if he was actually annoyed by me. 
Overall, it was a great experience but I don't frequent this place that often, really only when I want to impress the girlfriend who loves Mediterranean food.Very very good brunch spot. Eat outside and get the mint tea. Definitely headed back there. ByoMy fiancee and I created an account solely to write about Kanella. It is one our absolute favorite restaurants and we continue to remind ourselves how much we will miss the luxury of being a walk down the street once we move outside of Philly.
The food is impeccable to say the least. Everything is extremely fresh tasting and savory. When friends ask where to eat in center city this is far and away our first recommendation-but call ahead, this place fills up for obvious reasons!
Not only is the food delicious, but the prices are beyond fair. Often times we leave a brunch having ordered an appetizer, two entrees, a dessert and two drinks (non-alcoholic as it is a BYOB), for $30. Dinner is a bit more expensive but still extremely reasonable for city prices.  
We can't get enough of the hummus. This is a must-try if you visit- the vegetables are incredibly fresh and the pita bread comes straight from the oven, you would think you are in heaven!
We also love the cyprus breakfast, Maloweh (puffed pastry), and the daily scramble, to name a few. Just tried the dips of the day for the first time and can't complain about them either- we wiped the plate clean! There are so many unique options to choose- you really can't go wrong! We would consider ourselves "foodies" if you will, and it says a lot when you leave a restaurant never having experienced a moderate to bad dish- if you don't eat at Kanella, you are truly missing out!I had dinner at Kanella last night.  It was a very nice experience.  Most of my Greek/Mediterranean experiences have been gyros and festival food.  Kanella offers an upscale Mediterranean experience.  We had the 3 dips of the night.  All were good, but the annoying thing is we were given a lot of dip, but very little pita bread.  When we asked for more, they informed us it would be an extra charge.  This is irritating because they already offered complementary bread before the dips arrived, and again when our main courses arrived.
I had the meatball special.  My expectation was something like kefthedes, but these were larger with more interesting spices like cardamon.  My wife enjoyed her monkfish tremendously.If I could give this restaurant more than five stars, I would. Only for this review does there need to be a 10-star option, and then after that 10-star option there needs to be a big ol' smiley face that I can click on, giving Kanella 10 stars n' a smiley face.
My husband and I graced Kanella with our food-lovin' presence last weekend. Kanella is a quaint little BYOB, so pop in to The Foodery only about two blocks away and make your own six pack to take to Kanella with you.
The second that we walked into Kanella, we were greeted by a smiling, genuinely welcoming and friendly hostess who seated us right next to the window. She immediately commented on our selection of beers that we brought, and mentioned that most people bring wine into Kanella and how it was refreshing to see some beer lovers walk through the door. I immediately loved this hostess, even before she pulled a metal bucket full of ice over to our table so that we could chill our beers and take bottles as we needed them. 
The service at Kanella is efficient, yet relaxing at the same time. For a place that is so small, the task of wielding large plates of food while weaving through a tight seating area in the middle of a restaurant is a feat for those with amazing coodination. Our server came over and cracked open our first beers for us and asked us if we'd like to order an appetizer. My husband and I already knew what we wanted for an appetizer and entrees, so we ordered both dishes. For the appetizer, we picked the dips of the day, which are three dips randomly selected by the chef and prepared in-house. Ours came with an eggplant, garlic potato, and bean dip. The whole time we were ripping off pieces of pita bread and dipping them into each dip, we were trying to decide which dip was our favorite and we couldn't. They were all so delicious. 
For my entree, I ordered the Pouleriko, which is free-range, organic cornish hen that comes with some veggies and potatoes. My husband had the mousaka. Each bite melted in our mouths, and I have never tasted such flavorful food in my life. 
For dessert, we split the classic chocolate tart. Even though we were both stuffed from the appetizer and our entrees, we just had to try another one of this chef's creations. Stuffing ourselves to the point of no return was completely worth it. The chocolate tart puts all other desserts to shame. I will look at all pieces of pie, cake, and scoops of ice cream with a look of inferiority from now on, simply because they will not live up to the dessert perfection of the classic chocolate tart. 
What was so nice about Kanella is that we could tell that they appreciate their customers, and they want them to sit and enjoy. In a world where people are prone to grab "a quick bite" for every meal, it was so refreshing to sit down and savor a two-hour long dinner. The servers give you a few minutes between each course before they bring out another course, giving you some time to digest and talk. I will go back to Kanella time and time again.They have some unusual entrees (the chef is from Cyprus) like duck hearts and rabbit, but they also have delicious dishes made from lamb and fish.  The main downside is the small portion size.Kanella is a fantastic BYOB!  We sat outside on a Thursday; our server, Mike, was attentive, friendly, and knew the specials very well.  The restaurant was well staffed, and our food came out with perfect timing.  The dips of the day were amazing, as was the complimentary bread and tahini sauce.  The Bureki is a MUST- so good!  Everything was fresh, and don't skimp on dessert- the homemade ice cream was incredible!I usually think brunch is over-rated- the food tends to be too sweet, too greasy, and just not very flavorful. But brunch at Kanella is a whole different game. I love the brightness of the dishes here. 
My favorites:
Kanella platter for a little bit of everything. The stuffed grape leaves are really lemony, and the veggies in the side salads are always fresh. 
Shakshouka- this is a dish I crave. Like I'm craving right now at 8pm on a Wednesday. It's comforting but doesn't weigh you down, and I love to soak up all of the tomatoey, peppery, yolky goodness with the za'tar spiced wheat bread they give. The trick is to submerge pieces of bread into the sauce, wait a while, and like a sponge they soak up all of the sauce to create perfect little bites. Once in a while, my eggs will be a tad overcooked, but I'm not too picky about that. 
I've tasted the lamb sandwich and thought it was pretty awesome, but I can't resisit ordering the Shakshouka every time.The first time I tried Kanella, I was not a fan. I had the lamb merguez sausage dish for brunch, and it was WAY over-salted and pretty much unenjoyable. I was super sad but had to try again since Kanella is reviewed so well!
The restaurant redeemed itself on my second go. My boyfriend and I split the roast lamb sandwich & spanikopita, and they were both delicious and a great deal for the big portion size. We also picked at his parents' Kanella and Tachinosalata platters which were also tasty. My favorite parts were the grape leaves (sweeter than usual, in an awesome way) and the Greek frappe beverage. Yum.
I will definitely be back for lunch again, but only with a reservation (via Opentable)! The dining room is too teeny not to.I really really liked this restaurant. Not only it's like 4 blocks away from my house (walking distance) but the food was amazing. As an appetizer, we ordered Cyprus Calamari- Grilled baby sepia, served with homemade pickled vegetables and crusted bread. I enjoyed the whole-size grilled calamari instead of fried/dried/greasy ones, and pickled vegi was delicious. For entrees, we ordered Katsiki - goat stew garnished with crispy okra, served with wheat berries- and Kouneli-Grilled rabbit leg with fresh artichoke, potato and avgolemono sauce. Goat stew had a very unique/distinct flavor and the meat was tender. Kouneli was the winner for me.  The meat kinda tasted and looked like chicken, but everything tastes like chicken! lol  Artichoke and potato in avgolemono sauce worked amazingly with grilled rabbit. 
It's BYOB so next time I shall bring a bottle of wine to pair with my wonderful (i already know!) meal.As of late, I've been trying to avoid writing reviews on places that I've only been to once but I really just fell in love with Kanella. After a day of training for a new job, my new co-workers and I ventured into the city with a free bottle of wine and free bottle of cider in hopes of finding a nice BYO to imbibe. We were told Kanella could be hit-or-miss, but we decided to give it a try. 
Right off the bat, everything was great. It had just opened so we had no problem getting a table sans-reservation, and the hostess gave us a table that was right by a window, albeit next to the kitchen, that gave us a nice place to people-watch. The decor itself is lovely. The banquets are lined with loose pillows, everything is done in light colors and the big windows really complete the whole comfy, relaxed vibe. Our server (I'm totally blanking on the name) was really nice, funny,  and efficient, despite him coming off as a bit spacey. 
Now, the best part is obviously the food. We shared 4 appetizers and 2 desserts for our meal which definitely left us super full. The dips of the day that we got to try were a garlic-potato, which was pleasantly chunky, a creamy yet somewhat savory lentil spread (my FAVORITE omg), and traditional baba ghanouj. The pita that it was served with was warm and obviously right off the grill. The dolmathes were also great and had an interesting spin in that it was served with raisins, giving it a sweet aspect. I wish it had come with 3 pieces, as opposed to two, but that's just a minor complain. We also had a pastry that had feta cheese and spinach, topped with honey (they even gave that honey thing that is used traditionally...the wooden one? You know? I have no idea what it's called), and it was divine. Our final appetizer was the grilled calamari, which I found delightful for being a bit overdone. Fortunately for us, the chef felt the same way and gave it to us on the house without us even making a comment on it. Finally, the deserts were AWESOME. We got a trio of ice cream which included mint, cardamom, and jasmine. The jasmine wasn't my deal, but the mint was AWESOME. It tasted like actual mint, as opposed to something you would buy out of a carton from Acme. The small pastry tasting I felt was slightly over-priced, but then again they managed to make semolina cake really good so I guess I can't really complain. 
While Kanella isn't the best Greek/Mediterranean food in the city, it's definitely up there. The chef obviously cares about the product that goes out and the staff seems to genuinely enjoy working there. It's great for all occasions, from business lunches to romantic dates. I'll be returning, for sure :]I've had three experiences with Kanella, two with actually eating there.
The first time was at brunch for my birthday on a Sunday, and the food was great. We came as a group of 5 with no reservation and were accomodated with no issues. The food was great, and the dessert even better - I definitely recommend saving room for the galaktobouriko if possible. The brunch menu is fairly priced and you get tons of food.
The second time, my boyfriend and I were flatly denied for not having a reservation. That's fine and understandable - we just went to a place across the street - but the hostess was incredibly rude in the way she told us there wasn't enough room. Normally I wouldn't care, but the encounter left a sour taste in my mouth.
The third time I came with one friend, and we were again walk-ins, this time on a Wednesday night, and the service from our waiter was great. The food was okay (finished with no complaints), but (in my opinion) way overpriced on the dinner menu. Had each dish been around $3-4 less, I think it would have been more on target.
Other comments:
1) The tables are very close together. This gives it a very comfortable feel, and it has a nice decor, but also means you can hear every word of the couple next door's somewhat inappropriate-for-public conversation.
2) Overall, I preferred both the dishes and prices offered on the brunch menu, so on return trips I'll probably favor that menu.For our Sunday stroll we decided to walk over 20 blocks to have brunch at Kanella. By block 15, we both said this place better be good.  We were not disappointed.  We were seated outside and were waited on by a lovely man.  I think he said his name was Jean Paul, but I may be wrong.  He has a face piercing and was always smiling and seemed genuinely kind. Anyway, customer service is great, but of course the true test is in the food.  My guy got the lamb on pita (it's the last item on the menu) and I had the special stuffed pepper. Omg, the best thing I've had since moving to Philly.  It was perfected roasted and stuffed with rice, lentils, feta, and pine nuts.  It sat on a bed of delicious tomato sauce with fresh shaved cheese.  I almost did not share with my guy, but wanted him to see what all the hubbub was.  His meal was also super delicious with perfect seasoning and showcased all the fresh ingredients.  The Greek yogurt that came with our meals was nothing like we ever had before - creamy almost to the point of tasting like creame.  We can taste the love and respect they had for the ingredients and food.  Definitely taking our friends and family here.One of my favorite restaurants ever. Ingredients are simple but the outcome once they are prepared is exceptional.
Got a last minute reservation last Friday after my sister checked into Pennsylvania Hosp to give birth! We wanted to give her some space as her inducement was delayed and also wanted a nice family meal. Arrived for a 5:30 pm res and the only table was outside in direct, bright sunlight. We decided we would cope bc we know how good the food is.
As soon a reservation cancelled and a table was free in the shade, they moved us. 
Between three people split the dip trio, kanella platter, lamb stew, pork souvlaki, and a galaktaboureko (sp). More than enough food. On the dip platter was an outstanding pumpkin dip with scallions and chives that I am currently try to recreate at  home.  I raised my eye at pumpkin in the spring, but  the added herbs/green onion made it light and springy.The lamb was extremely tender and did not have the oiliness a lot of restaurant lamb stews drown in. The serving of stew extremely generous and we each got several large pieces of meat, in addition to plenty of sauce for dipping pita into. The pork souvlaki was cooked perfectly, and plenty favorful, but I would go for the brick chicken if it's on the menu when you go.
Can't wait to go back many more times. Servers were sweet and the food came out with time between so we could share and enjoy.
Do not skip dessert. Split at least one among the table and order a greek coffee.We were made to wait 30 min and even then the table was not set up. The hostess was condescending and did not even apologize. Even after that, only 6 out of 8 of us were seated because two earlier guests never left and the restaurant would not ask them to leave because they were 'chef's friends'.
The food is great and the service is good but this is unacceptable.The thing about Kanella is strange. The restaurant is only half a block to my apartment, so I pass by it all the time and after trying it for the very first time when it first opened. I couldn't honestly call myself a fan. What can I say? I ordered the kebob and everybody who knows anything about Greek/Turkish food is that kebobs are the most generic thing on the menu and can't really reflect the skills of the chef. On top of that the restaurant is popular and the space is small with tables arranged very closed to each other and I'm a bit claustrophobic. At the end of the meal I freaked out  a little and had to run out of the restaurant to catch a breath. After that experience I was a bit afraid to go back. Then there was a pretty long and angry respond to a newspaper review that got pasted on the window of the kitchen, I'm sure I'm not the only one who got weirded out by it.
It wasn't until Food Network's The Best Thing I've Ever Ate that got me pay more attention to my Greek neighbor. I went back for the Cyprus breakfast promoted by the program and it was good, real good. Everything on the plate was done perfectly; Eggs are fried to a crispy edge with the center remains raw, bread is toasted to a crunchy goodness, lounza ham is salty and dry is a good way. and can I just scream how I love the Halloumi cheese especially when it's fried to a crispy outside and a melty inside? I can have that everyday and be content. 
A second visit to the same plate proves that it's better to visit on weekdays when there are less patrons and the cooks can pay more attention to the food. On weekends, the quality can suffer because of the rush. The wait staff is knowledgeable and friendly, the decor simple and homey. I think they took the kebob out of the menu and I remember the dip being stellar. They also seemed to have a cooking class held on weekends sometimes, check their glass window. Even off-putting at times, a grouchy Greek chef may signifies a chef of standards. Now only if they can find a bigger place to host their restaurants.One of the best restaurants in the city, in my opinion. The appetizers are light and flavorful, desserts are fresh, complex, and just sweet enough, and the main courses are well-crafted and creative. If they have the Iman Bayaldi pasta as a special, be sure to order it; you won't be disappointed.We stopped by Kanella for breakfast and it was definitely one of my highlights on our recent trip to Philly. As soon as I read the breakfast menu online, I was salivating.
We started with the dips of the day, which were traditional hummus, a potato garlic dip and a pumpkin feta dip. They were all great, but the pumpkin feta was out of this world good. The wife and I were trying to figure out the ingredients so that we could replicate it at home. For my main breakfast dish, I went with the homemade lamb merguez sausage and duck egg, which also included some spicy cured pepperoni and spicy yogurt. The wife chose the cumin scented tomato and pepper stew with poached eggs and grilled bread.  Both plates were beautiful and delicious.
For dessert (yes, we made room), we got the fillo pastry filled with semolina custard and the coconut/date/hazelnut  cake. The perfect end to the perfect breakfast. Our server was great and very knowledgeable about the menu. I look forward to returning for dinner next time.Fantastic greek cypriot byob spot! Superb food. The appetizers, entrees, and desserts were amazing. The service is great as well. Recommend this too all that like mediterranean cuisine.I've been here on two occasions, one of which featured the tasting menu. I for one never had a particular affinity for Greek food, largely because my experiences have been limited to, like, Philadelphia foodcart kabobs or something. Really though, I know that was not representative, but still never had a more "authentic" experience until Kanella. Fabulous food. I cannot recommend the tasting menu more highly, which featured such unusual but delicious bits as roasted rabbit kidneys and grilled octopus. The waiters are kind of hipster. Also, my table was particularly close to the next table, which was particularly close to the table next to that, causing a minor water spilling fiasco to which the table next to me responded with a stilted upperclass "oh dear!" bit. That was amusing, but they should split the tables up a bit more.Having enjoyed breakfast, lunch and dinner several times at Kanella, I (and those dining with me) have found the food consistently outstanding. All of the dishes are fresh, flavorful and presented appetizingly. The service is wonderful, with caring and attentive waiters and hostesses. A small restaurant, the atmosphere is both intimate and festive. I have found Kanella's specials to be exciting and creative....At the same time, I always look forward to the pita and varied dips. Oh, and the desserts...from homemade ice creams to baklava, unique and delicious. Yummy coffees and teas (I enjoy both). A strong personality is behind any successful restaurant. I was lucky enough to be dining when the chef came out from the kitchen. He seemed to care about everyone's meal and was friendly and personable. Enjoy the food and enjoy the atmosphere. Kanella is rare gem of a restaurant. What more can one ask for to have a wonderful dining experience, but fresh, flavorful food, lovely atmosphere and great service...all with a lot of heart.Well, the food was good at least, but the service was almost non-existent, and the prices are too high for the portions that are provided. I would not go again.Kanella has high marks from me, I have a gluten allergy and the server and kitchen did a fantastic job. The hake was amazing!  I really enjoyed the family type atmosphere, this would be a great spot to bring a group.Was hoping to give Kanella five stars and I am confident I will once I return. We dined this Sunday with friends and we enjoyed a tasting menu, the only option offered on Sundays.  Our meal's many small dishes were exceptionally fresh, delicious and flavorful but particularly heavy on beans, grains and veggies. While all were beautifully prepared, I was anticipating (and in the mood for) more fresh seafood, flakey puff pastries filled with cheese, Greek dips and lots of charred pita. You know, the healthy stuff. :) 
My friends also remarked that while delicious, they've had more robust tasting menus in visits past. 
All of that said, service was great, ambiance was quaint & cozy and sharing small plates among good friends always makes me happy. 
Can't wait to come back and have full go at the menu.
BYO and a la carte dessert ordering even on Sundays.Went there on a whim on a Tuesday night  and it was better than i could have hoped.  We opted for ordering 3 appetizers (like tappas) and sharing a dessert and it was more than enough for two healthy eaters.  They bring our FRESH WARM sourdough and tahini to start and it was magical.  We ordered the humus with mushrooms, the flat bread and the lamb sausages wrapped in phyllo - all were fresh, healthy portions and amazingly flavorful.  The flat bread had the perfect comb of flavors with sweet, bitter, salty and creamy.  The humus was creamy and smooth with huge chunks of warm mushrooms and pine nuts in the center - we may have almost licked the plate clean.  And he just loved the lamb sausage with the buttery, flaky phyllo dough encasing it.  But my favorite was the dessert - a gluten free orange pistachio cake served warm with cardamom ice cream.  Divine. 
The place doesn't look particularly upscale with a cute diner feel, but the food is wonderful. Service was amazing; i'm past 8 mo pregnant and one of the waitstaff came by to offer me pillow for my back - so sweet!  
We will def be back!This was my first time and I would go back.  Food was delicious, service was excellent.  When we got there, however, at 5:30, we were only the second table. The hostess, as she sat us and I was taking off my coat, told us that the table was needed by 7:15p for another reservation. I could have done without that.As cliche as it sounds, you can feel the love put into this food. Truly. I left here Sunday evening excited for our return. 
We have been here twice for Sunday meze and it is one of our favorite spots - anywhere. Sunday meze is a bit different than your typical dining experience as they do not have a menu, simply vegetarian or non-vegetarian options for the meal. We LOVE this. We order one of each to experience all the dishes. The bf and I enjoy bringing our wine and eating whatever is placed in front of us. Our visits were spaced about 6 weeks apart and though I cannot remember the exact dishes each time, there were only a few of the same dishes -  which is completely fine because they are all DELICIOUS!
Our most recent meal included smoked eel, guinea, seafood, goat, beet falafel balls, salad, giant beans, white bean salad, spanakopita, carrot, beet, & goat cheese salad...to name a few. And please forgive me if I did not accurately recall everything, as there are so many dishes! You get several small plates of food to share. It is plenty of food, but we have ordered dessert both times ($5 each). The semolina custard is remarkable. We've had it both times and I highly recommend it on a cold evening. We also ordered another dessert - fried dough, topped with an orange-esque 'sauce' and pistachios which was also fantastic. 
Lastly, we ended with a Turkish cup of coffee and opted for the 'sweet' version. I was blown away by the aroma and flavor - best cup of coffee I've ever had. Next time, I will order it 'bitter.'
I must also comment on the exemplary service, which is some of the best we've experienced in Philly. I cannot wait to return and eat whatever the amazing Chef chooses to cook for Sunday meze! Thank you, Kanella!YUM. That's really all there is to say about Kanella. Greek/Mediterranean is not my favorite food in the world (pun intended), and dare I say I wasn't even a fan of Zahav the one time I ate there. But Kanella is different. Every single thing I've ordered here has been excellent. The service is great, the location is awesome, and the space is nice and cozy, just like a local BYO should be.
I happened to stop by Kanella for lunch recently, and ordered the Avgolemono Soup (forget price) Lamb Merguez Sausage ($12). I am a soup fanatic, and this soup was beyond delicious. Subtle lemon flavors, perfectly moist chicken and fantastic flavors overall. Just divine. And the sausage & egg dish was SO good.
I really can't speak positively enough about Kanella. Ask any of your Greek friends or family and they'll tell you how great the place is. And I'd say that's all the proof you need.I love the simple decor and delicious food. I couldn't help and got the pourlerikio after reading about it from Katherine R. The organic baby chicken was so tender, juicy, and flavorful. I can still taste the chicken and it's been 13 hours later. I've been to other greek places and most dishes are either acidic or doused with honey, however, Kanella has a very good balance in the dishes. It is a little pricier, but I wouldn't mind paying more and not having to squint my eyes when I take a bite.
So our table started off with the bureki (fillo pastry filled with feta and thyme drizzled with thyme honey served with roasted beets) and sheftalia (grilled cypriot sausage with tzanziki). Like I said, I expected it to be soaked in honey, but it was just the right amount and none of it stuck to my teeth. The fillo pastry was airy and the filling was the perfect amount and not too strong. The sausages were so moist and aromatic. I'm also not a big fan of beets, but it was done well. I didn't feel like I wanted to spit it out.
I also got to taste the Papia (duck leg) - very juicy and tender too with a crunchy skin. Arni (lamb) - medium actually means med rare, which was perfectly done to me. It wasn't gamey. Katsaki (braised goat) - very soft. The meat practically falls apart when you pick it up with a fork and filled with delicious flavors.
I keep reading about the brunch, so I will definitely be back!!!Fresh french press coffee + the Cyrpus breakfast = one very happy girl.
The cyprus is a delectable breakfast dish comprised of grilled lounza (ham), pan fried haloumi cheese, 2 slices of crunchy whole grain bread and a kalamata olive/green pepper mix as a refreshing touch. Each bite is perfectly salty and savory. Yum, this dish never ceases to please. 
Great brunch spot!Fantastic food here! We came here for brunch and shared the dip of the day, which was amazing and highly recommend. I got the zobra burger which has a lamb patty with this feta yogurt side. It's a hefty burger and def fill you up! My friends got the Cyprus breakfast, octopus, and shakshouka. We also shared two desserts - the crepe and galatopoureko. I really liked the galatopoureko which is this amazing custard filled puff pastry . The samolina custard is warm and melts in your mouth. Would def come back here for dinner dishes. Also byob so you can have your Sunday brunch with momosasWent there to celebrate a special occasion. There were 7 of us. The waiter was outstanding--fast service, very attentive, offered great information about the food. We sat outside on a gorgeous day and really enjoyed it.
Everyone liked everything they ate. The highlights were definitely:
1) The dips of the day. Holy cow, I can't say enough good things about these. If they served an entree-sized portion, I could definitely eat just these.
2) The phyllo/honey/feta appetizer concoction. Unreal. Must order.
As for the entrees, I really enjoyed my veal dish. Everyone at the table ordered something different--lamb, veal, suckling pig, stuffed vegetables, fresh fish of the day. All were very tasty--there was nothing left on anyone's plate. The desserts were also surprisingly tasty, especially given that I'm generally indifferent about Greekish desserts. *Very* impressed with this meal. If I weren't moving in a few weeks, I'd go back.
That said, it's a teensy bit pricey. But at least it's BYO, so you save a bit there.Awesome food .and byob they do a great job with everything . I would recommend getting the hummus plate and the braised lamb dumpling for your appetizers .I came here for the first time based on a recommendation that it was the best Greek food in the city. We had reservations during prime dinner time during the week but was running about 45 minutes late given traffic after work. The hostess was flexible with us and was able to keep our table, so when we arrived we were seated immediately. That was a nice accommodation. 
We ordered the lamb dumplings and the hummus for our appetizers. To be honest, the dumplings tasted like something I could get at a Chinese restaurant but they were pretty good and the spicy sauce was very tasty. We liked it so much we dipped the bread they provide in it. The hummus was also very good but not enough pita bread is provided given the amount of hummus you get. So we asked for a few pieces of pita bread to finish the dish but found out when we got the check it was $3 extra, so that was disappointing. 
For our entrees we ordered the lamb stew and Greek meatballs. Both had good spices and had a variety of vegetables in them. The meat for both dishes was tender which was another plus. The lamb stew was a pretty big portion and they didn't skimp on the lamb. 
The one significant downside of our experience was the customer service. Our waiter hardly checked on us and never made eye contact when we tried to get his attention. We found that he was actively waiting and checking on other tables so that made it frustrating. It took about 20 minutes before we were able to wave him down to get the check.awesome brunch at Kanella!  The French press coffee is so good - not something you see very often.  I was looking for something sweet like pancakes or waffles.  Unfortunately, their sweets menu did not really appeal to me, so I ordered the Cyprus breakfast.  WOW after eating that, I did not miss the pancakes!  Everything on this plate was delicious, 2 eggs fried in olive oil where they're still a little gooey...lounza which is kind of like Taylor ham, a delicious tomato salad, bread, and ... the best thing on the plate - halloumi cheese - wow is this stuff amazing?!  If you do not get this breakfast, do yourself a favor and order a side of the halloumi.  My husband had the lamb burger which was delicious as well.  Great place, would love to try their dinner.I cannot even begin to tell you how amazing this restaurant is.  I frequent this restaurant on a regular basis and each and every time I visit, I love it even more.  I have had almost all the appetizers there are and all main courses.  Favorites that I cannot get enough of are the brick chicken and all their fresh fish dishes. When you dine at Kanella, you are family to them.  They are always making sure that you are enjoying your food and will make sure each dining experience is better than the next.  I take my family and friends here every chance I get and they keep bringing their friends as well.  I cannot tell you in words really how the experience will be, one must go and see for themselves.  I have never been disappointed and neither will you.Greek food with fresh ingredients and free range antibiotic free meat! Byo for sure and get ready for a good night!Great food and good service! Nice and cozyLove this place.  We've been a couple of times now.  Service was great both times - the right mix of attentive and helpful but not overbearing.  The food was spot on.  It easily coaxes you past the uncomfortable chairs, tight quarters, and abysmal experience of parking in Philly.authentic greek food. delicious! service was great, and the food was even better. cozy restaurant.Went for a quick dinner before a show at the Kimmel center, so the place was relatively empty when we arrived but quickly filled up as it got closer to dinnertime. Service was quick and decently professional although our waiter was a little odd and over-eager...we shared the bureki (I didn't prefer the sweetness as an appetizer, but being Greek my mom and I agreed it was definitely authentic), the fattoush salad (yum, and refreshing!), and the dips of the day (babaganoush, a white bean spread and hummus - better than having to choose just one). Bread was served with our order too. The place is a little small (we were put in the corner even though we were the only ones there at first...), but music and food are totally authentic. Apparently it's a BYO, which I didn't know before, but the food is amazing, filling and fresh so would heartily recommend it to any Greek food / Mediterranean cuisine lovers out there.Excellent.
I came here recently and on the suggestion of my dining partner, we sat outside.  I normally don't sit outside but this evening it seemed like I could break that rule.
First off, I loved the bread with tahini.  It was so good, we actually got a second plate of it.  Downright delicious.
Our appetizer was the flatbread and it was a revelation.  It had all of those wonderful greek flavors and when you're able to eat that with a nice bottle of wine while sitting outside, life is good.
My entree was the stuffed calimari.  It was light and delicious.  It was served over a bed of sauteed veggies in white wine.  At the very least, pepper and olives.  The squid itself was stuffed with rice, pine nuts, feta and some other goodies.  It was cooked perfectly and cut like butter.
Our waiter was very friendly and did a great job answering our questions.  I'm definitely coming back here.Excellent food and service. We had the dips of the day (lentil, fava bean, and Tzatziki), the grilled octopus, and the roasted goat. Everything was wonderfully prepared and very good. No wonder this place is so hard to get a weekend reservation at.Favorite brunch spot -- and an awesome place for dinner.  Perfect place to bring family & reasonably priced.This BYOB uses mostly organic ingredients plus makes everything in-house. I wanted to try as many dishes as possible so I opted out of the entree and instead ordered several appetizers. For our main dishes we ordered the calamari, saganaki and bureki and the lamb kofta entree. 
The Calamari was served with a side of Armenian tomato dip. It was perfectly cooked and tasted light, crispy and tender.Next up was the Saganaki- a favorite of mine. The pan friend halloumi cheese was served in ouzo and lemon sauce with a delicious caramelized fig and side salad. This was one of the best I've had...including those which were devoured on many restaurants in Athens, Mykonos and Paros.  The Bureki was served next: a fillo pastry parcel stuffed with feta and thyme drizzled with honey served with a side of roasted beats. The presentation was so beautiful with a taste to match. Crispy layers of fillo oozing with feta cheese. The Count found that the honey made it more appropriate for dessert but I loved it, especially the presentation.
The lamb kofta was served next. It was a skewer of ground lamb kofta mixed with apricot and pistachios served with a  side of pomegranate salad, lentils and Greek yogurt. The lamb was excellent filled with magic flavors. But what truly made it special were the side dishes. The pomegranate salad was so original. I've never had pomegranate served as a salad as in Iran it tends to be eaten as a fruit or juiced. The mixture of pomegranate with onions and spices was excellent. Then there was the lentil salad which was again a first for me. I mixed spoonfuls of the kabob, pomegranate and lentil salad together and found the combination to be intoxicating. The quality of the ingredients are present in each spoonful. You can tell that the chef really prides himself on his food. 
For dessert we ordered the pistachio and olive oil cake and warm chocolate mousse. Both desserts were out of this world. I really loved the pistachio cake it was light yet intense in flavors served with a side of pistachio ice cream and cherries.  The Chocolate mousse was baked to perfection oozing with warm gooey chocolate served with a scoop of ice cream. Wow. Is all I can say about this restaurant. I loved the food, the presentation and the friendly chef. Kanella offers rustic home-made dishes with fresh and mostly organic ingredients. I was very impressed and can easily say this was one of the best places I've yet to dineI live in Kanella's neighborhood and it is my favorite place to eat in the area.  I have nothing to add to all the praise in the other 5 star reviews except to note how friendly they are to people dining with well-behaved dogs.  The waiters have always brought out water for my dog along with some for me - which is a really good greeting.Seating issues despite a reservation caused us to leave, despite a prior positive visit. We were given the choice of a cramped corner table inside or a tiny outdoor table right in the flow of the pedestrian traffic on the sidewalk, despite several larger empty tables inside. They were supposedly being held for other parties which did not appear during the time we were there. Efforts to accommodate us were half hearted.I'm fairly certain that the Sunday evening vegetarian tasting menu at Kanella was the best meal I've had in my life. Unfortunately, it was about six months ago, and I don't remember the specific dishes that came out, except that it seemed like there were 40 of them and every single one was delicious. In reality, there were probably about 10 - perfectly portioned, completely authentic, and bursting with flavor. And we didn't even have any hummus - but I know from getting lunch here previously that the hummus is amazing - light and smooth, enhanced by crispy fried chickpeas. Bested in Philly only by Zahav's incredible hummus, as far as I can tell.
As a bonus, the service is prompt and friendly, the dining area is extremely pleasant, and the place is BYO. Prices were SO reasonable for the amount and quality of food. Can't wait to go back (...and write an update while the meal is still fresh in my mind!)We had dinner here last month for our anniversary. They were very busy and there were only 2 tables open in the whole place. The hostess, after noticing that it was our anniversary, moved some of her other reservations around to give us a nice, cozy table.
Our server, despite being very busy, was friendly and attentive and took the time to explain the menu and the specials.
We had the dips to start, which were tasty.  We asked for more pita to sop up the last tiny bites and were told there was a charge for extra pita, so our server brought us some extra sourdough at no extra charge, which was much appreciated.  I had the tortellini and my husband had the oxtail. Both main dishes were exceptional. Especially the oxtail, it was melt in your mouth delicious. We cleaned our plates. 
The coffee was just like they make it in Greece, too. We mentioned to our server that we honeymooned in Greece and made a joke about how the only thing that was missing from our meal at Kanella was the Raki (basically Greek moonshine) they served us after every meal. He went off to the kitchen and brought us back two shots of grappa (pretty much the same thing) from the chef. It was generous and thoughtful and we really loved the personal touch.
The restaurant was busy and bustling and not necessarily the best place for a long, intimate dinner-we actually had a nice conversation with the couple next to us- but overall, we enjoyed the meal and the experience very much.The food was very good, but it's loud and crowded in there on a Sunday. Our table was really wobbly, which is a pet peeve of mine.This place is a strong 4 stars - maybe even 5 (but it's just not the same tier as a Nobu).  It's homey vibe and decidedly 2-3 star service (not bad - but weird service - a bit inattentive and spacey - hard to get a check - hard to ask questions) knock me down to a solid 4 stars.
Bright, homey decor and even the bathrooms feel clean and light.  Owner is very nice and has gorgeous eyes.  (Waiter was pretty hot, too.)
My good (lacto-ovo-vegetarian) friend and I had a delicious lunch there today.  I have 2 yummy glasses of the Lemonada (1/2 mint iced tea mixed with 1/2 lemonade - the PERFECT summer refresher.  My friend had Greek Coffee - made the traditional way.
For our lunch he had Shouksouka (delicious) - great for a breakfast or brunch, too.  Very rich and filling.  I had the Kanella platter and for $12 it was the perfect way to sample alot of offerings.  For me the best part were the Dolmades (stuffed grape leaves).  Now, I realize that everybody and everybody's grandma makes 'em dirrefently and Kanella's are distinctively sweet with currants and luscious Pine Nuts.  The falafel, Zucchinni fritter and yogurt were all good too.  The only thing I could not eat was the spicy tomato salad (next time I will order it made mild - if they can do that).  It was soooooo peppery with a "harrissa-like" taste to it.
Baklava was served with syrupy orange slices and was chock-full-o-nuts.  Very good for $3.50!
We plan to return.  But - please - beef uf your staff and service.this place was... amazing.
my boyfriend and i went down to philly the weekend of the freak october snowstorm to visit some friends.  they said they'd been wanting to have dinner at Kanella for over 2 years, but it's always packed and with 2 young children, going out to eat is a rare luxury for them.  
what didn't we have on the menu?  wow.  between the 4 of us, i think we ate a lot.
to start, we had the dips of the day, the bureki, and the cyprus plate.  all of it was devoured instantaneously.  for the main course, we all ordered from their specials list: one whole dorado, one lamb shank, and two hawaiian butterfish - one of which was mine.  it was so freakin' good!  the couscous was amazing.  i practically licked my plate clean.  my bf had the lamb shank.  i'm not the biggest lamb fan, but it was delicious.  my friend's husband had the dorado whole (they will fillet it if you want them to), and that was some really tender fish.  like whoa.
for dessert, we had 2 orders of the pistachio and olive oil cakes with almond ice cream (omg, to die for) and the assortment of cypriot pastries.  WOW.
by the end of the night, i don't believe there was a crumb left to be spared.  
among the other items on the specials list were lamb (i think?) testicles.  i tried to get one of the guys to order it, but neither had the 'testicles" to, haha!  :)
our server was wonderful, the food was wonderful... hopefully we get to go back the next time we're in town... maybe for the brunch that has been reviewed a lot!
bravo to kanella for a really well-run establishment!Went here for dinner with the wife and it was fantastic. 
To start its BYOB, so there's that. The service was also spot on throughout the meal. 
We got the trio of dips as an appetizer and they were great.  Great way to start the meal. 
For dinner we had the beef cheeks and lamb stew. Off the charts. The wife and I were both blown away by the taste and everything was cooked to perfection. 
For dessert we had the salted caramel tort with ginger ice cream which was the perfect way to end the meal. 
This was one of those meals where everything just comes together for a perfect dining experience. I highly recommend Kanella.Some friends and I came here for brunch and we brought our own bottle of champagne since its BYOB, which is great. We practically ordered the whole menu and the waiter said "So you didn't like anything on the menu." laughing to herself.
We ordered:
Greek Salad- it was fresh tasting, the feta was good, and cucumbers were crunchy
Spanakopita-it didn't really stay together as it should have compared to others I've eaten before
Malohwa-fried puff pastry with greek yogurt and spicy tomato salad, this puff pastry thing was awesome.. flaky, buttery, and tasted great with the spicy tomato salad and the coolness of the greek yogurt
-Greek Yogurt with honey and walnuts-this was delicious, I probably could have eaten the whole plate.. it was thick, creamy, and not overly sour, so it complimented the honey and the crunch of the walnuts quite well
-Grilled Halloumi and Lounza Sandwich-I ate the halloumi and the lounza separate since a friend of our is vegetarian but I actually though the halloumi by itself was excellent and the ham was just okay, but I'm not a big ham eater either
-Grilled Fish Kabab with rice-the fish was okay.. the rice was pretty tasty.. I probably could have done without this dish
Lacham Atzeen- ground lamb on flat bread with mint and pine nuts-I like lamb, mint, and pine nuts.. but probably not together.. it was like having ground beef on a cracker, so I probably could have done without this dish too. It was fun though just sitting with friends over food and drink. I'm coming back for you Halloumi and Malohwa!When people talk about great Greek restaurants in Philadelphia this one escapes them until I mention it. Then the knowing "yeah"". Kanella is small unassuming but sure of itself. Overheard from EVERY table as eager patrons discuss the menu, "Everything is good here!"
Indeed, everything is good. I've tried numerous dishes and people whom I've recommended this place to have filled in the blanks. Feel free to order anything.  I'm positive it will be brilliant.Just dined about a week ago at my favorite go to spot.  I have reviewed Kanella in the past...it is just delicious as it has always been. Kanella's cuisine is defined by simple ingredients In a symphony of delightful complex flavors. For starters we had manti, fattoush salad and dips of the day. Dinner comprised pork tenderloin over a medley of vegetables...sauce in this dish is perfectly balanced...undertones of citrus and and red wine vinegar and leg of rabbit over fennel and a medley of vegetables...perfectly aromatic with delicately sweet flavors. Our dessert was a sampling of baklavah, carmelized lemon tart with a berry coulis and a salted Carmel tart with ginger gelato...omg...doesn't get better! Service was excellent...as usual.I needed an escape from the fast paced Philadelphia (which i love so much) and found it in Kanella. Decorated in the typical Santorini decor, Kanella feels like you've left the city far behind.  Authentic but inventive food, it's difficult to decide on just one app and entree. The servers here seem to be in love with their job; listening to them describe the specials makes your mouth water. Don't forget your bottle of wine (its a BYO)Came here and Kanella immediately became one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! The food was very flavorful and delicious. I ordered an appetizer and the quail special. I was on the fence on whether to give Kanella a 4 or 5 rating, but the fact that they're a BYO pushed them up to 5 for me. Make sure to make a reservation before going, this place gets packed. I definitely need to try brunch at Kanella and other items on the menu.
Food Rating: 5/5
Service Rating: 4.5/5
Ambiance Rating: 4/5I think it's time to give a more lofty review. This is my favorite restaurant in the city. As such, I have set out on a great goal: Eat everything on the menu. You think this would be easy but with wonderful daily specials, this a difficult feat. 
Now dinner-wise, I do prefer the MEZE. Only because I like the surprise of it all. But here are some dinner items I have tried.
1) Dips of the day: For a petite girl like myself, even when I split this with my bf, I still feel full. Usually, there is always the typical garlic hummus (which is really atypical here) and fresh twists on hummus like pumpkin. Everything is seasoned beautifully and the grilled pita that comes with it is the perfect addition.
3) Greek Salad: The fresh produce carries this dish as well as the homemade dressing. Tastes like a combo of white wine vinegar, salt, lemon, and cracked pepper. But of course, I know there is something that I am missing. It may not even have these ingredients but no one is going to tell me exactly what it is. 
4) Poultry of the day: I think that it is cooked underneath a brick. Rottiseur chicken to the tenth power. Sometimes it may come with cauliflower and a creamy sauce underneath. 
5) Lemonada: Now this is truly a lemon cordial meaning it is concentrated. Depending on my mood, I add a little water to this because the flavor is so intense. I wouldn't say that it is the sugar but the lemons which makes it intense. Sometimes I just drink the thing like it's water. Again, I have my moods.
6) Lemonana: I love the mix of the mint tea and lemon cordial. If you don't like mint tea, don't get this because the lemon cordial does not mask the mint by any means.  However the flavors truly complement one another.
7) Cyprus Breakfast: Scared to try something new? Go with the Cyprus Breakfast. Great introduction into the brunch atmosphere here. Lounza essentially tastes like ham but it's not ham. Does that make sense :)
8) Kanella Platter (Brunch): When I feel like grazing, this is what I get. The shining star to me are the grape leaves. Firm but not mushy. I hate when I get grape leaves and inside the rice is mushy. Not here. I can cut the grape leaf without it falling apart.
9) The Cypriot: Classic Cypriot style ham and cheese served warm with a cucumber and tomato salad served chill. I'm a petite girl so I usually eat half of this and take the rest home for a midnight snack before going out.
10) Organic pork and Sieftali kebab: This is  a lot of food for me. Especially if I know that I will delve into some of the desserts later. I won't review what I thought was outstanding in this dish because my bf was talking my ear off and I wasn't really concentrating on the food. Just stuffing my face.
11) Zorba The Burger: Every time I have this, I feel like Kanella should just have a to go window or a little cart outside where they sell this, some greek chips, and lemonadas to go. When I see the Zorba come out in all of its glory, I only wish that my stomach was a bottomless pit so that I may partake in its deliciousness. Now this does not come with greek chips. Whenever I see someone order this, I see that they are somewhat surprised by this. A burger, that's it? But that's all you need when it is cooked to perfection, seasoned like no body's business and topped with a fresh yogurt and mint sauce. Think this comes with a pickle which the bf always eats.
12) Lachanopita: Not feeling meaty but don't want to feel like you are missing out on meat?. This is it. A savory pie made with love.
13) Baklava: Now when I get this, I swear I could eat 10 more but realize that two squares is all you need to feel satisfied. Date ice-cream is the perfect mate and not overwhelming.
14) Chef's mother's coconut, date, and hazelnut cake: I would describe this as a date brownie. I don't like dates but I will eat this no problem.
15)  Pagoto: Chocolate, lavendar, lemon, oh my. You never know what it will be but it is oh so good. Don't split this, make your guest order their own. 
Atmosphere: I like that there is no music here. Or is there? Kanella takes away from all my other senses and all I can do is taste. I do not dine in a group here because I need to go in on all of the food without judgement. Kostantinos is always friendly and to me, the prices are beyond fair. Every time the BF and I dine somewhere else, we feel like we are cheating on Kanella or got cheated because we end up paying more for less quality. The specials are truly special; meaning you MAY never hear them offered ever again :o. But don't fret, if the special sounds good, it is. Try something new and come back next week to order what's on the menu or another special :)Great brunch location!! We started off with a large French press coffee for the table and it was heavenly. It was my first time using a french press and it was a fun experience. While we were waiting for our waiter, the chef came out and asked what we were going to have. I had mentioned I was going to have the scramble which was on the specials and he seemed a little disappointed. When I asked what he suggested and he said, today my favorite is malohwa but that changes every day. I went with his recommendation and it was so delicious! The pastry melted in your mouth and the tomato salad/Greek yogurt sides gave the dish a nice balance. Others in our group had the egg scramble special, the Cyprus breakfast and the eggs in stewed tomatoes. Everyone was extremely happy with their choices!!!!! 
If you're in the area, check this place out. Oh, btw, it's byob!!!!!Fantastic brunch food! I'd give 4.5. My bf and I were looking for a new brunch spot to try today. We hiked down to this spot around 1 today....on a Sunday -Yes we were prepared to wait! We were told it would be a 45 minute wait. There were many empty tables when i peeked inside -they honor a rsvp policy for breakfast. So, i will definitely make a reservation next time! These tables were quickly filled by the smart diners who thought ahead. I also noticed everyone had wine bottles around us...they obviously planned this BYOB brunch outing. I'm glad we were able to sneak in!
45 minutes later (to the tee)...seated. The wait staff is a little slow but nice. I got the Cyprus breakfast and my date got a scrambled egg/armenian beef special. OMG. Who knew breakfast could taste so good!?! My date's egg dish was soooo good, I was almost angry that it wasn't mine. It tasted like breakfast, but uniquely different and glorious (it must've been secret Greek cheese and spices). Mine was great too don't get me wrong! 
The only drawback, besides the wait time, is the tables against the wall (more designed for two-seaters) are veryyy close together. If someone needs to get up from the bench seating, the tables have to be moved. On the upside, we saw our neighbor's food and all they talked about was the great tasting food. 
I will definitely be back.Brunch.  BYOB.  Baklava. Beautiful!
Why has it taken me so long to get to Kanella?  I don't know, but I've been twice now in the last month and I can't wait to go back.  I wasn't surprised when it was easy to get a reservation for an early Wednesday dinner.  I was a little surprised that I was able to score an 11:30 Saturday brunch with only two days lead time.
The brunch was an awesome affair of sharing among four people so everyone could get a little taste of everything.  We started with the Kanella platter (loved the grape leaves!), and then had entrees of Lachanopita, Shakshouka, Octopus, and this crazy casserole that can best be described as Greek baked ziti topped with a savory custard.  Everything was great - interesting without being weird.  The Greek coffee was strong and delicious, and went well with desserts of baklava and coconut/date/hazelnut cake.  The portions were generous.  Dinner started with a slightly different Kanella platter (this one with a light watermelon-mint salad as the star) and moved onto the summer ravioli and pork cheeks.  Again - unique and delicious food with a lot of attention to detail in the preparation and plating.
The service on both occasions was stellar (and adorable), with prompt water refills and appropriate chillings of wine and beer.  We were also never pressured to give up our table when we lingered a bit after both meals.This is my favorite restaurant in the city.The fact that it's BYOB just makes it even better.
I had great service every time I was there and that's one of the reasons why I would always go back.
They serve the best food in the city and I'm a very picky eater and can always find something that doesn't meet my standards in any restaurant (except Kanella).
Brunch or dinner, doesn't matter. This place is the REAL thing.I came here for lunch (Fri- Saturday) and the food was delicious and the ambiance was great. We got a seat next to the sunny window with all the plants, and it made me feel like I was on vacation in the Mediterranean. 
The food was delicious. I left feeling comfortably full and yet not feeling all greasy and unhealthy. We got the fish which was perfectly grilled and fluffy as well as the chicken kabob that was incredibly tender and juicy. 
Will be back to try dinner.Went to Kanella for dinner last night. On a tip from pro Yelper Shannon P, we ordered her 3 favorite starters: grilled octopus, lamb dumplings (Manti), and tuna salad. All three were excellent, but my favorite was definitely the lamb dumplings - they were extremely flavorful and I especially enjoyed dipping my bread in the leftover yogurt sauce (I can't help it, I love bread).
We also ordered the dips of the day. One was a hummus, one I forget what it was, and the other was something with anchovies. I hated the anchovy dip, but loved the other two. The pita bread served with the dips was also delicious and perfectly warm.
Next up were the fattoush salad which was very tasty - pomegranate, tomatoes, cucumber, pita chips (interesting) and a bunch of other fun flavors. The only thing I didn't love was that there were a TON of onions, I think too much, but they were easy enough to push some off to the side and still enjoy the salad.
We also had the braised oxtail with cilantro dumplings. I only had a bite, as my boyfriend devoured it, and it was an extremely tasty bite.
I should also add that the service was great here. Our waiter seemed to have a great personality and was very friendly and attentive. My boyfriend got there first and was sat inside, but it was a beautiful evening so after a bit of hesitation and not wanting to be a pain (our wine had already been poured), I asked if we could move outside and there was no issue at all. The hostess and the waiters were very friendly about it.
On my next visit, I would probably order a little less food (we were hungry) and make sure to get some dessert as well (it looked really good at the table next to us).
Oh right and most importantly - its a BYOB! Gotta love BYOB's.First time at this restaurant for dinner.  Went with a friend from Greece that was not impressed with the portion sizes.  I thought the food was good, and waitstaff was very personable and attentive.We had an excellent dinner while sitting outside on a beautiful spring evening. It doesn't get much better than this! The warm bread with tahini sauce was a yummy start; we asked for and got seconds. The warm stuffed grape leaves and stuffed vegetable du jour (a yellow pepper in this case) had very similar and very delicious fillings. The Greek salad was actually a standout with a superb feta. We ordered one after the table behind us got theirs, and their salads actually smelled very savory and enticing!
Dessert was the chef's special creation of a honey-nut cake, ice cream and some kind of molded creamy substance -- all quite good. My only critique would be that the stuffed vegetableserving should be more than a single stuffed pepper; it was a purely vegetarian rice stuffing. Other entrees that we saw being consumed were sufficient; some were generous.
All-in-all this BYO is a treat. Service was friendly and quite good, even on a wildly busy Saturday night. We're already planning our next trip to this kick-up-a few notches Greek eatery!We think Kanella is our thus far favorite eatery in the neighborhood.  As a transplanted New Yorker I tend to be somewhat  picky about where and what I eat.  We have NEVER been disappointed with our food and especially our service at Kanella.  Chef never disappoints with his daily specials and his repeat dishes.
The wait staff seems to go out of their way from the minute you walk in the front door.  
I must also add that Billy just makes the best frappe we have ever had.
Whether we are there for dinner or almost every weekend brunch the food is always an excellent quality and delicious.
If you haven't stopped in for a great meal, you have not lived yet !!!!Had dinner at Kanella last night.  A memorable meal and evening.  Nice Mediterranean ambiance, bright and airy.  The staff are knowledgeable about the food and are helpful.
The three of us shared 3 starters - the 3 dips of the day(all were tasty) which change daily; the Greek meatballs with a salad; the rabbit w/ porobello sald;  all unique and tasty.  We also shared the ravioli stuffed w/ haloumi cheese and mint in a creamy white sauce.  We noticed things on the menu that we will try next time, Cypriot sausages, lamb dish, the 2 fish courses.  We finished with the warm chocolate mousse w/lavender ice cream.  A really nice meal.Best restaurant in Philadelphia. Unpretentious, fresh food that's aggressively seasoned. AKA, food with huge balls. Fantastic menu options, great philosophy, great service and BYOB. Grab the dips of the day and whatever else sounds good to you. It's all delicious. Food isn't meant to be eaten wearing ties atop a white table cloth. Praise everything that this place exists to keep proper food perspective alive. If you want to be pampered while eating fluffed up "cuisine", head to Avance. Oh, wait....Avance is closed...After hearing people rave about a cute little Mediterranean place down on 10th and Spruce, my brunch buddy and I decided go head down on Saturday to try it out. It was a good thing that I booked a table for 2 on opentable, because the place seemed pretty packed when we got there.
Being obsessive Yelpers, we both checked out other people's reviews beforehand and had a pretty good idea of what we wanted. My friend got the shashuka and added sausage to it, he seemed to enjoy it very much and used up the bread to mop up all the sauce! 
I got the Cyprus breakfast - two fried eggs, one fried to runny perfection while the other was a little over fried and the yolk was unfortunately hard. The eggs went well with the bread provided, which was hearty and crusty and absorbed the runny yolk well. The breakfast also came with a thick chunk of ham and two pieces of haloumi. While the ham was savory and grilled well, I thought the haloumi was a tad bit salty for my liking. I did enjoy the texture though - the exterior was crispy but the haloumi was still firm inside. 
I would recommend Kanella for the ambiance, it was a cute place and offers you a little slice of Mediterranean life. Great if you want to escape Philly for a bit!The first time we went to Kanella, the hostess asked if we had a reservation, which was baffling. A reservation for brunch? Seriously? Yes. Needless to say, we didn't have one, and we didn't get to eat there because we were on a tight schedule.
Cut to this past Friday. We were back in Philly and starving at 2:30 in the afternoon. So I called Kanella to see if they were still serving lunch. Not only were they serving lunch, they were serving brunch. Until 3 pm. And they had plenty of seats available. So we booked it over to the neighborhood and tried to find a place to park. By the time we got out of the car, it was almost 2:55, so we literally ran to the restaurant and got there out-of-breath.
It was worth the effort. The English Breakfast comes with perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked fried eggs, crispy bacon, a suggestive-looking sausage, grilled tomato, and baked beans. The baked beans could have used a little hot sauce, but other than that, the dish was amazing. My husband ordered the Cyprus Breakfast and raved about it. The lemonade was super sweet but that's how I like it.
For dessert, we ordered the Galatopoureko -- a delicious phyllo pastry drizzled with orange syrup. It was divine. I'll definitely be going back.I tried Kanella today for the first time for brunch. I was super excited because Kanella has been on my list of restaurants to try for YEARS. However, I can't say that either the service or the food lived up to my expectations. 
Service: I found the hostess to be extremely off-putting. We arrived at the restaurant about 30 minutes before our reservation and tried to see if we could be seated early. She told us we couldn't (despite 3/4 of the restaurant being empty)... no problem. She then suggest that we go liquor hunting to kill time because the restaurant was a BYOB. Thoughtful.... but it's a Sunday. When we came back at our reservation time at 11:15, the hostess informed us that there is another party coming in for our table (a table of 2 mind you) at 12:15. OK..... I wasn't really sure what we were supposed to do about another party arriving but I did not like feeling rushed when we arrived on time and before we were even seated. On the other hand, the waiter was very helpful and did not make us feel rushed.
Food: We started with the hummus which had really great flavor but was drowning in olive oil. For our main dish, we both ordered the shakshouka which I really enjoyed. However, we really could have used more bread. It's a dish where bread is used to sop up the juices. Unfortunately, the bread didn't last too long and the delicious juices went to waste. As a side we got the fried haloumi. I much prefer the haloumi preparation at Zahav. The cheese didn't have much flavor so we tossed it in our shakshouka (which was actually a delicious idea).
I can't say I'll be back for brunch because I did not think it was worth the cost, but I definitely would go back and give their dinner menu a try.I returned to Kanella last night with a good friend and we had a lovely evening.  We shared everything.
We started with the Horiatiki Salad - chopped tomatoes, cucumber, radishes, red onions, parsley and a PERFECTLY light olive oil vinaigrette that literally "sang" in the mouth.  Just the right amount of salt & pepper - fresh, balanced, crisp and light for summer.
We them shared the Boureka (Phyllo pastry stuffed with savory cheese) topped with a drizzle of sweet, floral honey.  The sweet 'n savory combo was perfectly showcased by the beet salad (fresh, red beet chunks and herbs) along side.  It was like dessert for an app.  Swwet and luscious.
Thing just got better & better.
John, our server brought the main entree ($28) a Whole Dorrado fileted tableside (albeit a bit clumsily).  Wrapped in Grapeleaves, drizzled with a fruity Olive Oil and lemon, it was cooked perfectly and we each ate every last bit.  (My friend did discover a few scales on her fish - but I did not.)
Equally wonderful was the side of steaming-hot kale, tomato and onion.  That is just my kinda food!
We shared a dessert sampler (Small $8, Large would have been $12) which came with nutty, crispy baklava, a honey-drenched semolina cake (reminiscent of my Aunt's honey cake).  Both great.  It also came with a shortbread stuffed with a date paste - not so great.
But most facinating perhaps, was the center piece on the dessert plate - a whole blanched fig that we still can't quite figure out how it was prepared.  But, boy was it tasty.  I love fresh figs.
I wish they would add a fresh fig plate or a fruit plate of some sort to the summer desserts.
We brought our own Prosecco, beer & cider and had a lovely summer evening meal.
SUPER!  A hair's bredth away from 5 stars - but certain aspects of service and prep are still 4 star.
Kanella is a place to try - and re-visit.  They are on the move - and it's all delish!Loved it ! 
I am not one to 'eat outside the box' because I'm terrified of new things, but was brought to Kanellas for a birthday dinner and tried a lot of different things. Between the 7 of us (which by the way they were able to seat us very comfortably for a party that size) we split a few appetizers, beet salads, hummus/pita, etc. enough to go around. Portions are sized well enough for all to have a few bites each. I tried the duck hearts, which in my head is horrifying, but they were delicious! Everyone was happy with their entrees as well, had a few left overs for the next day too.
Servers were awesome and very helpful when it came to me being unsure what to order. Didn't mind we closed the place down and hung out a bit after we finished our desserts. Very happy with the experience and will be going back!Went here for brunch and it was fantastic!  Service was really excellent... from the host to the waiter, superb experience.
You've got to try their coffee... order the frappe, totally hits the spot.  Also loved the hummus and falafel here.  Ever disappointed by a place's falafel because it's fried and reduced to a turd?  Fear not... Kanella has you covered.  
Definitely call ahead of time to reserve a table.  The place is quite small and you don't want to be stuck outside waiting.This is Philadelphia favorite of ours. The key is a chef who has a vision for the food he wants to cook, NOT just a concept and a business plan. Kanella feels like a venue for an artist who requires an audience, like it is a diner's privilege to share in what is created. There is a voice at work here, authentic and meaningful. This is Cypriot Greek, a particular shade of Hellenic cooking combined with a contemporary flair for experiment. We will go again and again.We went to Sunday Brunch with another couple this past weekend and couldn't be happier with the recommendation! I know it was on the top best brunch places in Philly, but we always overlooked it amongst the bevy if other restaurants. The service was great and our waiter really knew the menu very well!
We started with the Kanella Platter which was a great selection of nibbly bites from across the menu. The plate was colorful and tasted great. We also ordered the octopus, surprisingly tender and flavorful. Two of us opted for the daily special which was an heirloom salad with crabmeat and arugula! The salad was well dressed and had a ton of crabmeat, we were very happy with decision and hope that it becomes a menu staple! The pot of french pressed coffee was well received by all at the table! We have a great experience and can see how Kanella made it into the Philly's best brunch places!Went here on a date Saturday night. Place was super busy, but the hostess squeezed us in after 30 or so minutes (several walk-ins after us were turned away.)
I would recommend seating outside if the weather permits as it can get very noisy indoors.
We started with the Dips of the Day, which was amazing.   Warm pita with 3 excellent dips, one was lentil based, the other white bean based, and the third was fish roe based.  We were also served some nice soft bread with tahini dip which was complimentary and also very good.
I got the roasted rabbit leg, and my date got the suckling pig.  It was my first time having rabbit, but it was very good, like a deeper, more flavorful chicken.  It was over a bed of very tasty vegetables.
The suckling pig was also good but not my favorite.  I prefer a crispy texture, and it was more stew-like.  The flavors were good however, and it was topped with these amazing fried okras.  Both entrees were around $23 or so.  
We didn't have room for dessert but they did all sound amazing. 
The best part of the meal was our waiter, who was extremely friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and quick.  That, combined with the atmosphere, a good bottle of wine, and the interesting food made it one of the best dinner experiences I've had.  The food wasn't mind-blowing, but if you are looking for a great overall experience, I would definitely recommend Kanella.Amazing brunch - would highly recommend!  I had the Cypress platter - included two eggs fried in olive oil with herbs (perfectly prepared), yummy grilled greek cheese, a grilled pork piece (like a canadian bacon), fresh multigrain bread, and a small marinated veggie salad.  Every food item was utterly outstanding.  Place was cute/intimate.  Waiter was good, but not very attentive (waited/for check and change longer than I should have due to it being early and the place only being about 20% full (which I hear is unusual).  I made reservations, but didn't actually need them that morning (but I hear this is definitely needed for dinner most nights).  I will go back next time I'm in the area!It's a great time to enjoy adventurous and authentic food in Philadelphia.  Kanella is a perfect example of delicious, well-prepared, nose to tail eating.  The chef is talented and eccentric, a classic cutter of his nose to spite his face.  Frequently railing against on-line review sites, such as yelp, and engaging in heated verbal battles with various food critics, whether their reviews were good or bad.  The nice thing for him, is that he can get away with it.  Fearless preparation of whole branzino, pork cheeks and salty, fishy tampenades allow the simple ingredients to shine through.  I've only been here once and thoroughly enjoyed myself with similar feelings shared among all my friends that have Kanella in their regular rotation.  Go early in the week and let the chef choose for you if he is wandering the dining room and he wont let you down.Succulent Food.  Brilliant service.  Comforting decor.  BYO.  Favorite all-around restaurant in Philadelphia.  5 stars for sure.
I've come here dozens of times in the past few years and have yet to have a bad experience here.  Everything on the menu is made with fresh, organic, natural ingredients.  I find that many restaurants can not produce high quality across the entire range of proteins, however, fish, lamb, goat, chicken, beef, octopus and vegetarian dishes are superbly cooked and burst with exciting flavor combinations.  I tend to try the specials, which can range from rabbit stew to bull testicles.  For the less adventurous, the Cyprus breakfast or fisherman's stew are tasty.  Try the ice cream.  And the French Press.  And.. everything else.
Service is equally excellent.  Orders are taken promptly, with daily specials rattled off from memory.  The team always seems happy and they never rush you out even when they are booked solid.  They seat about 40 guests and with warm weather, some outdoor seating is available.  While the space isn't large, I don't feel cramped or want of more space.
Wonderful for dates, special occasions, or when you simply crave excellent food.  Reasonably priced for all of this.  Did I mention it's my favorite?  Cheers!Came here for Laura G.'s birthday dinner. There were no tables available on a Wed night, so seems like reservations are a must! 
What I hate about BYOB places is that they're generally small  and packed and loud. This place was no exception, but that's why they're fine for group dinners. 
Ordered the vegetarian mousakka which was amazing. Other veg option was stuffed peppers. Lots of veggie appetizer options. We got two dip trays for the table of 8 which was plenty. And deliciously authentic. Complimentary for the table was bread and a watered down hummus (not sure name) but it wasn't great. 
I looked online and apparently a Tempranillo is a good pair for moussaka, so pick yourself up a bottle. Website was right! 
My friend (Alexis C.) accurately described this place. It is very authentic. I've been to a few Medi countries and it tasted like I was there. But usually authentic and small means cheap. This place was $20-30 for the entrees which is a little over my usual dinner budget. Wouldn't go back unless it was an occasion. Nonetheless, yummy and good service!OMG...So Good!
My girlfriend and I had dinner here right before New Years.  When we called, they had no tables until 9:30.  But, they were very accommodating and were able to seat us a little bit earlier.  We were seated across from the door, so it got a little drafty at times.  But, they were very nice and were able to move us to another table as soon as one opened up.  
I have to say I was very impressed with the decor and the vibe.  The decorations were very simple, and remained with the theme of the food. 
For starters, we had the lamb dumplings in yogurt sauce.  I cannot express how delicious this was.  You have to have it.  We also figured we would try their dip platter.  I was underwhelmed, and I would not order it next time....save the room!
For dinner, my girlfriend ordered the quail special.  It came with two partially de-boned quails that were perfectly  cooked.  Thank goodness she is not a big eater, and I got to have the second one.  I had a spicy and flavorful pork dish, which I cannot remember the name of.  But, the meat was cooked to perfection and the sauce was amazing.  
For dessert, we had the waiter surprise us with his favorite.  It was a cake with philodough and some sort of yogurt pudding.  It went very well with the Turkish coffee, which I also highly recommend.  Overall, this place is delicious!  Great Service!
Definitely go!The food was flawless and the service was patient, knowledgeable and enthusiastic.  
The ingredients were fresh and the product was delicious, my only knock is I would like a slightly bigger portion for the entrees.
The homemade ice cream (lavender, fig, etc). were incredible.
Overall, excellent.  And its a BYO..what more do you want??Took the family to lunch here last weekend, after seeing Kanella featured on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. As a Greek with a discerning palate, I have to say it lived up to the hype. We started with the Dips of Day, which were colorful, creative, tasty and fresh, served with perfectly warm pita. It set the stage for our entrees.  I had the Organic Pork And Sieftali Kebab which was solid. I tried a bite of the shaksouka which was also delicious. The true standout though, hands down was the chicken kebab. Maybe the best I've had, juicy and tender, actually pillowy soft (had to be marinading in yogurt for over a day) and cooked to perfection. I had to tell the chef, in front of the open kitchen so I made my back to compliment him. He was appreciative and made his way to visit our table. By the end of the meal, were totally satiated when the dessert menu hit the table but decided to have the Galaktoboureko, which is THE dessert in Greece. It was out of this world, creamy, crunchy and the bits of orange rind in the syrup was a terrific addition. We considered getting a second piece, as we dipped our forks into the remaining orange syrup to scoop up the flavorful bits left but didn't want to be gluttonous. It is truly a gem and I was instantly jealous of my friend, who we were visiting, who lives down the street. This New Yorker will be back next time I'm in Philly.What a refreshing meal on a warm almost-spring day!  It's not a conventional brunch but I am the type who eats spicy Indian curry for breakfast.  2 guys and I split the hummous platter (Tachinosalata Platter), the lamb kebob platter (Kofte Kebab), the cyprus breakfast and the moussaka.  We were so drunk from our mimosas (our waiter brought a beautiful pitcher of fresh orange juice for us) that we couldn't try the greek coffee.  But we will def be back to try the Patstisio since my bf's yiayia's is unbeatable but my bf thinks Kanella's might be comparable!  I really love how each dish is served with their version of a greek salad (red cabbage, cucumber, tomato, red onion, & red bell pepper in olive oil, oregano, & salt), their pita is served warm and slightly toasted and the hummous has crunchy roasted chickpeas in it, absolutely mind-blowingly novel & delicious!
The hostess is extremely gracious and kind and although the wait staff seemed a little overextended, they were very attentive and sweet, something i really value when eating out.  BYOB is always a plus.  My bf said the lamb kebob was the best he's ever had and this is coming from a Greek whose family throws a pig and lamb roast every summer--pretty big compliment!  I wasn't crazy about the kebob but I really loved the moussaka--they use different vegetables like zucchini instead of just eggplant!  i could go for bigger portions though!So, so good! Went here for brunch with a friend today. I had heard good things, but this was my first time actually eating here. I had spanakopita with a side of falafel and I almost licked my plate clean and probably would have if everyone's head had turned for a second. Even the mini side of greens that came with my entree was seasoned amazingly. I'm not even sure what all of the ingredients were that I was eating to be honest, but I dug in to everything and I'm still fantasizing about it. The flavors all worked so well together. No extra seasoning or condiments were available/offered, but none were necessary. And trust me, I typically add salt to basically *everything* that I stuff down my gullet. 
The service was great as well. The hostess was very friendly as was our waiter--he was just the right amount of attentive and seemed to have a great sense of humor. 
And the price--holy crap. Amazingly affordable. I've spent more on a single cocktail (including tip) at Center City restaurants and that was essentially my entire bill for a delicious and filling meal here. 
The only negative (and I'm not even really sure that it completely qualifies as a negative, to be honest) in my mind is the fact that it's BYO. It seems this is the reason that the meal was so affordable and also it's my bad for not bringing any alcohol, but I would also like the option to have a mimosa or something with my meal if I was feelin' in the mood. 
I should mention that the lack of alcohol isn't the reason that Kanella failed to get five stars from me. I'm very excited to come back and try more things on the menu, maybe come at dinner time, and I kinda think a second experience (at least) is necessary before I vote it as one of the best restaurants I've been to. I'm already looking forward to a return trip, though!One of the top reasons why this place (for brunch) gets 5 stars was the outstanding service I received when I went yesterday. Everyone was attentive, amiable and wonderfully knowledgeable. I seriously haven't had service that great in a while.
Had the Kanella special: the Cyprus Breakfast and everything was tasty especially the halloumi which was like a salty mozzarella cheese that was fried. My friend had the Tachinosalata Platter and the falafels were some of the best I've seen. Not oily, fried perfectly and tasty.
This place is pretty small so if you come when it's super busy I would definitely make reservations.Had a similar experience to Veena V. Used to love this place (favorite BYO)- no longer. Went to dinner at 9 pm with 2 other ladies. We were hungry so we ordered the appetizer plate, the fried halloumi and the Greek salad, thinking it would be a lot. The portions have shrunk incredibly. I didn't even see the fig puree with the halloumi, (2 pieces of cheese) but rather some onion salad. The plate we ordered was tiny, a few olives, 4 tomatoes on a skewer, some watermelon salad and feta cheese. Honestly, for what we paid for ($7 I think), I could have made this at home. 
We were hungry after the appetizers and couldn't wait for our entrees. Mine came out and it was 5 ravioli. Mind you I am a small girl with not a large appetite, but I was disappointed. It was also really salty. My friend ordered the same thing and couldn't finish it it was so salty. I was also looking for the zucchini flowers, which was the main reason why I chose the dish, and I found one drowning in the sauce....so sad. Our bill for the 3 appetizers and 3 vegetarian entrees was over $100 and we were still hungry. I remember when we used to come here and pay way less and be stuffed. I guess popularity changes places.
On top of that, the service is usually great, but we had a really bland waiter who didn't explain anything, or really even seem to like his job. Made for a really forgettable experience. I'm not sure I will come back for brunch or lunch if the portions are that small for the high prices.Came here for dinner for a friend's birthday. Restaurant is small on the inside but quite lovely and warm. Service was polite and gave us a free appetizer because he recognized my friend from a previous job she had. The food was great. We ordered the dips of the day appetizer which was perfect and had a nice variety of flavors. The appetizer that the waiter gave to us for free was the Bureki which was delicious. For entrees, my friends ordered the whole fish of the day which I believe was bronzini. It was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of seasonings. I had a flatbread and one of the salads, both from the appetizer menu. Fresh tasting, authentic greek food. Definitely recommend!Truthfully, I thought the food was going to be better because of all the raving reviews from people and Philly Magazine. 
My friend and I ordered the Halloumi Saganaki as an appetizer. I found the cheese to be a bit dry and the salad (which was essentially parsley, mint, and tomato with 3 pieces of fig) was drenched in oil and mostly tasted like parsley. 
We also shared the Grilled lamb kofta. The texture was moist, but the different ingredients in the kofta (pistachios, apricot, and different spices) were hidden behind a ton of salt. The lamb would have been very good if it just had enough salt to bring out the flavors of the meat and other ingredients. I did enjoy the pickled okra, but thought the lentil tabuleh was also very oily as well as the flatbread it was served on. The yogurt also tasted like sour cream. It definitely helped to make a sandwich out of the ingredients and in this way the yogurt mellowed out the saltiness of the meat. 
I also thought the dishes were definitely overpriced for the portion size. 
The service was fine. And we ate outside under a canopy in the rain which worked out except that we could smell the sewer several feet away. 
All in all, it was alright but I probably would not return and find other Greek restaurants that don't drench their food in oil and salt.I think that this place is absolutely delicious, although the prices are a little pricey for the quantity you get. Maybe I am just spoiled because I know of many hidden treasures in the city.
So, it was my bday dinner and I got very excited because the octopus was supposed to come with arugula (which is my fave) but unfortunately it ended up coming with spinach without me knowing. I was let down and let the waiter know about this situation. He was kind enough to apologize for not being aware that they were out of arugula and served me some ice cream free of charge that was also amazing. I know this may sound like a small thing but i think about it like if I ordered a jalapeno and someone brought me a green pepper without telling me the jalapenos were gone. One very flavorful and the other not so much.
I still love this place.Greek food done well with many options! Try the Swordfish.  BYOBWe had such a great dinner at Kanella despite the torential downpour outside.  Byob's only have the food to fall back on and this one delivered with flying colors!  The dolmades were exceptional and my greek syle pasta was out of this world!  The service was great and we never had to wait, but didn't feel rushed. I will return and order dessert next time!!Deliciousness, every time. The crowds and wait are worthwhile. This is a terrific restaurant for visiting friends that enjoy good food.