Service was friendly and attentive, and the food was great!  
We had naan, the cauliflower appetizer, goat curry, lamb kabobs, and potatoes.  (I can't quite recall the Indian names for the entrees, and don't want to butcher them!).We had been walking a long way in the sun and were very hungry, so we were probably the most grateful diners this restaurant has ever had!  Factor that in when reading our glowing review.
We're from Tennessee and we love Indian food and eat it wherever we go (NY, DC, Atlanta...)  Still, this was the best vegetarian Indian food we have ever had. We ate off the buffet.  The Baingan Bharta (sp?) was amazing. The lentils were also delicious, better than usual.  The naan, the carrot dessert, the mango lassi, the chutneys...everything was absolutely delicious.  I hate to think that our Indian restaurants at home don't stack up, but the truth is that this was way better.  The food also seemed light.  Some American Indian restaurants throw in a lot of cream or use too much ghee (or some other oil) and it makes me feel weighted down and uncomfortable for hours after eating Indian food. This was not like that.
It was lovely and cool and dark inside and the waiters were friendly. The only downside: it was on the expensive side.  Still we highly recommend Karma.This is one of my favorite restaurants. Service/drinks are great. I miss their buffet but the food has always been worth it.Love love love this place!! Not only was the food incredibly delicious and beautiful, but the service was just perfect. The servers were so kind, helpful and thoughtful. Such a cute place, great dinner deal. Lots of food-naan was incredible. Everything. I'm just so sad I live out of town because id eat here all the time! So far, best food in Philly!I just had the most delicious Indian meal at Karma recently. The food brought back fond memories of food served in India. The decor is superb and the price for the entrees is pretty affordable considering the location of the restaurant.
For appetizers we had tootak - chicken wings. They were delicious. I had ordered a Kingfisher beer which complemented the food suprisingly well. For the main course we ordered Malai Kofta, Chicken Mughlai and Chicken Madras. The Malai Kofta is the best I have ever tasted. The gravy is delicious. The Chicken Mughlai seemed to have a similar gravy and it was as tasty. The Chicken Madras was not something I was really excited about and could be avoided.
The service was excellent and it was a really wonderful experience dining here. Highly recommended.Excellent food and excellent service. Mani was great at helping us make good food choices. All absolutely delicious. Happy we live around the corner. We will definitely be back. The $20 special makes this place a no brainer but don't forget to order some Naan with your meal (make sure it's the sweet one, can't remember what it's called.Here for lunch before matinee at Arden Theatre. Excellent vegetarian choices. We shared the Veg Thali and also a soup and salad, along with Veg Samosa. Wonderful variety and seasonings, with attentive and helpful service. If you're in or around Old  City, I suggest you check our Karma. We'll be back!My wife's first Indian food experience. Mani, the manager, was awesome. He took time and walked her through the different foods and flavors. She had tilapia and I had lamb. OMG it was awesome and what great service. Wish we were closer!Karma was off to a good start. I found myself in a very cool street with a nice evening vibe and I immediately liked the bistro-style of the restaurant as I walked through the door. The welcome and service by the waiting staff was really good and very friendly.
Unfortunately, it all fell apart when the food came, which I guess is the most important bit. The samosa appetizer just wasn't - a samosa, that is. The thick, doughy deep fried pastry was just wrong in every way and while samosas are meant to only be lightly spiced, the filling was almost devoid of any flavor except for the tang of not quite cooked potato left on the palate.
To me, it's always a bad sign when they ask how hot you want a curry sauce. Particular dishes in Indian cooking are defined by specific flavors and spicing, there are no varieties of heat for any dish. I have never been asked this question in India.
So, it didn't bode well for the butter chicken and, sadly, it lived down to my expectations. This dish is all about luxurious, smooth flavors and nothing to do with heat. This one was all about heat and was just wrong from its dark brown colour to muddy texture. On a positive note the rice was light and fluffy and the naan bread was fabulous but that's not enough to warrant a $35 bill for two dishes and a bottle of sparkling water. So very disappointing.Amazing food, excellent service and a wonderful atmosphere. We loved it here and will definitely come back! The staff were phenominal!This past weekend, I tried out the new location for Karma - it was awesome! They have a beautiful bar area upstairs which will be a great place to hang out for happy hour before grabbing dinner in the future. In addition to my original review -- other favorites include the Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Tiki Chaat, and garlic naan. My boyfriend loves the lamb chettinad. Mani, who was our waiter on Saturday, is always wonderful whenever we come in - he is simply the best! I already can't wait to come back again.What did we get? 
Appetizer: Tootak (tandoori chicken wings)
Assorted Naan bread basket: Garlic Naan, Tandoori Roti and Paratha 
Mango lassi 
Dinner: Lamb Chettinad (lamb cooked with roasted coconut, chilies, and ground spices) and Keema Mutter (lamb with peas and spices) 
Pros
1. Great ambiance 
2. Fast service
3. Extremely respectful and friendly staff 
Cons
1. Small tables 
2. Meal doesn't come with enough rice 
Overall: I only ate here once but this is now my FAVORITE spot for Traditional Indian Cuisine! I can't even begin to explain how perfect every moment was here. The food was absolutely delicious: tender meat, well seasoned, creamy, just an extra-ordinary taste. The staff were extremely friendly (even packed our leftovers for us) and were very attentive to our needs. I'm definitely going back!!Definitely the best Indian food in Philly! Restaurant is cute and in a great location, especially if you're planning a night out after dinner. We had a chicken dish and a lamb dish. Both meats were well prepared and spiced exactly how we requested. We also ordered a garlic naan which was gigantic (at other places, we would each order our own, but SO glad we didn't here!) definitely recommend!This is a great place. The food is excellent and I really enjoyed the service -- the servers were very friendly.my friend and i were in the area during that unfortunate time between lunch and dinner. we were both famished since we had missed lunch and decided to try this establishment because it literally was the first restaurant we stumbled across. 
i ordered off the menu, and my friend chose the buffet. my vegetable korma was tasty and filling. the only downside was that the waitress didn't ask how spicy i wanted my dish. therefore, the korma that came to the table was a little bland. my friend thought her food was acceptable - given that we came at the tail end of the buffet. both of us ended up paying about 12usd without tip. very reasonable...and the waitress let us sit and chat at our table for an hour or so after we finished eating because the restaurant was virtually empty. 
if i'm in the area and in the mood for indian food, i'll be sure to return here.We went together in a group of 6 and choosed the buffet menu. The menu included salad, alu tikki chat, idli- sambhar, pakoda, chicken biryani, dal makhani, pumpkin masala, butter paneer, chicken tandoor, goat curry. Not enough options for vegetarians. The goat curry was bland, chicken tandoor was flavourless. We ordered for a second batch of roti for our group and even after 40 mins, nobody turned up for it.  One of my friends had ginger ale for drink, it tasted horrible as if it has been diluted with water before serving.  We were charged with a gratuity of 18%, upon enquired the staff commented this as some US rule. Isn't it upto us to pay for the tips? Somewhat disappointed with the disparity between the good reviews here and our experience.I grew up eating a lot of Indian food and am pretty critical of most Indian restaurants. However, I really enjoyed the food and drinks and Karma. The waitress was fun to talk to and very patient with us. They offer a $20 dinner special that includes an appetizer, an entree and a glass of wine but we decided to go A La Carte instead. We were started off with some Papad (thin, savory Indian wafer) and Chutneys. We ordered Aloo Chaat and Paneer Tikka for our appetizers, both of which were delicious. 
For our main course, we ordered a variety of dishes family style. I particularly enjoyed the Butter Chicken and Lamb Chettinad accompanied with some Garlic Naan. Overall, I had a great time but wish the service were a little faster. I definitely want to come back here to give the desserts a try!Absolutely delicious! If you are on the hut for perfectly balanced and spiced Indian food I recommend karma for sure. Pricing is good,
Service is friendly and sauces are great. I love love love super spicy food, but my boyfriend doesn't so it's great they do a great job sticking to the 1-10 spicy scale on how hot you want it. Again I like super spicy so an 8 which is Indian hot had a nice kick, but I still could have taken it up a notch- just an FYI for you spicy lovers-- chicken madras is great!I was searching for a good place to get some authentic indian food so I figured I'd try this place. The food was amazingly good and the thing I loved most about it was that they had a range of spiciness for you to choose from (I'm a sucker for spicy food so this was just amazing!). You can choose from a level of 1-10 for how spicy you want your meal to be. I chose a 8 and it was little hard to get down (so just make sure you don't get anything to spicy that you can't even eat it)
Our waiter was very helpful in informing us on the dishes and making us make our decisions!(super hard cause I'm so decisive oops), So I'm very thankful!i've never eaten in, only got take out from the buffet during lunch.  for $10 they give you 2 containers to fill to the brim.  i am able to get 2 - 3 meals out of it.  i LOVE their food! and the gentleman that greets you is all smiles.Last night was the first time that I've had food from Karma and it definitely won't be the last. One of the major perks for me is that they participate with grubhub so I was able to have it delivered. I had the vegetable samosas which were cooked perfectly. The outside was a nice golden brown and the potatoes inside were chock full of flavor. I also had the chicken tikka masala. In my opinion this is one of the best that I've ever tried. Granted I haven't been to every single Indian restaurant in the world but I have been to quite a few and Karma's is at the top. The tomato and cream sauce was perfectly balanced, the chicken was very tender and I asked for it medium spice and it was just that. Usually most places even when you tell them medium they try to burn your insides up. This was perfect. Just spicy enough to amp up the flavor but not overpowering where all you taste is heat. But the item that sealed the deal for me was the galub jamun. This is by far one of my favorite deserts but I can't always get it. Again nothing but perfection for me. I can't wait to order from here again.On Sunday night my lovely date and I decided to go out for some Indian as I have not had it in a while and had that urge for it. We decided on Karma as the reviews looked positive, and it afforded us a nice long walk from Washington Square to Old City. 
We weren't expecting a wait, and there was not one, but they did ask if we had a reservation anyway, a sign of professionalism in my book, especially in case we wanted to eat here again and had to make one. 
The restaurant was quite large for an Old City establishment, and had a very modern decor fused with Indian decoration. Not what I would call comfortable, but there was clearly thought that went into it and it was quite pleasing to the eye.
We started off with an order of Samosas (my date somewhat embarrassed when I asked where the champagne and orange juice was - my idea of a bad joke) that were quite tasty - a nice battered outside that was crispy on all sides with plenty of flavor, and nice filling on the interior that was anything but bland which I find to be a problem with most Samosas. 
For our main courses we ordered Tandoori and Vindaloo with an order of Naan for dipping and scooping. The Tandoori was large in size with great visual and sound appeal - that sizzle along with the contrast of colors on the plate made for a great experience. If I could say one bad thing is that it was a tad dry, though I did not have a piece until later in the meal.
My Vindaloo was good - had a good flavor, though if it were me, I would have had it spicier and with more meat. In retrospect I could have ordered it spicier, so I am not holding this against Karma by any means. Besides heat it did have a great variety of flavors and it was cooked quite well, not to mention it was plentiful in quantity. 
The naan came out with the meal, as asked, and definitely did a good job of being an edible scooper - flavorful, held its shape, and was nice and hot. It is a Naan I could definitely make a meal out of. The same went for the rice - it was plentiful and had its own distinct flavor; it was not there just as a filler.
The reason I am giving this place 4 stars and not 5 is the service. The service was good; very attentive and quick, and definitely was service with a smile. I was also very impressed by their knowledge of the food being served. The negative part of it was that we had 3 people delivering our food, which made it confusing as to whose attention to attract when there was a question, or to ask for the bill. I understand this is more common especially in a busier environment, but it was not busy enough for this to be the case. 
Overall, Karma was a great experience, and I'd definitely revisit for some more delicious food and good service.Always a quality meal and the staff is very friendly which makes a huge difference. 
Looking forward to trying the new location.Nice addition to the Old City area restaurant "corner". At first the Bar part of the name got me thinking wether I want to go there as I wasn't looking for a bar environment. It totally is not a bar. It is an Indian restaurant and not a bad one. 
The food fine. Staff was really friendly.As an indian..its hard to get great indian food in the city but this is it..and in my opinion the only great one...they do some unique mixes like spicy tandori shrimp which is insanely good...also the service and the area is nice..This is probably one of the best Indian restaurants in Philadelphia. My family and I are from Texas and we were looking at good places to eat around the town. This restaurant happened to catch our eye. The hospitality and food is hands down amazing. I would come again! I gave it all 5 stars because our waiter was helpful, kind, and knowledgeable about the questions we asked him. Additionally, the food was to die for!!!This was my first Indian restaurant experience in Philly, and I'll definitely be back. We made a reservation on the website, and arrived about 20 minutes prior to it. We were seated immediately, and my dad promptly ordered a masala chai, which came out within minutes. The server was wonderful: she tactfully shared the specials with us, offered alternatives for dietary restrictions and was prompt and helpful. Our dinner did come out in a weird order, but again, our server went to investigate almost immediately. 
The food is delicious, too! I would recommend getting a lassi if you order spicy food--it's refreshing and cooling. The Paneer Tikka Butter Masala is insanely good and very filling. I will definitely return for another wonderful experience.With the yelp check-in discount, the (Sunday) buffet for two was $25.17+tip. The service was great & the food was even better! The background music was upbeat and complimented the cheery ambiance. I liked everything on the buffet. My favorites were the fresh salad bar, crunchy chick pea salad, pumpkin masala, and hot naan delivered to the table.Very pleasant experience. Extremely helpful and attentive service. Onion kulcha was good and "Spicy" chicken vindaloo was delicious. Full bar is nice change of pace from most Indian restaurants. Reasonably priced.Very good lunch buffet, and only $10.95. Disclaimer: I only tried vegetarian dishes.Great location (in Old City), great prices, great taste. I didn't even have to make reservations on a Saturday evening. Just walked in and was seated immediately.
Inside: I had such a pleasant experience. The restaurant's backroom is one medium-sized, compact room where they set several tables.. It kind of reminds of a coffee shop. 
Service: Friendly staff. The only thing is that I did feel a little rushed to finish eating/pay because they kept coming back to ask if we were done like every 3 minutes.. Not yet!!
Food/Drinks: I shared the Butter Chicken with a friend and it was a perfect portion for the two of us (we weren't thaaat hungry). Garlic naan is also amazing! Didn't try the drinks though.
I will be returning! Thanks Karma!The food quality and hospitality is worthy of 5+ stars but unfortunately Karma no longer has a buffet option for lunch.  Now it seems that the only Indian buffet in Center City is Minar Palace.  At their old location, extra naan was included with the buffet, now that it is table service only, extra naan is an additional $2 even when ordering a larger meal like the Thali.  Sadly, without the buffet, Karma is no longer a convenient or timely option for lunch breaks at work.Fantastic service (ask for Mani), great atmosphere, and the BEST Indian food you'll ever eat. I never question making the trip from South Jersey to Philly to go to Karma. Once you go to try it, you won't be able to stop going back!!Synopsis: Attentive service, pleasant cultural music/décor, quality food, decent prices...
PROS: As I mentioned I like the vibe inside, service was on their toes and friendly, food was good however Karma comes in #2 as my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly...#1 being Etka
Appetizer: The Chaat Aloo Tikki was really good...I love chick peas and if you do I recommend you order this dish...only recommendation I would have would be to include more potatoe patties
Entrée: Chicken Saag was flavorful and full of chunks of perfectly cooked chicken...Mutter Paneer was light in flavor...very creamy (buttery) but lacking that intense tomato flavor I like...still good nonetheless.
Overall I would recommend to everyone...solid restaurant... but there are some stiff competitors out their which only allows me to give 4/5 stars.Awesome buffet. . We are from CT and was here to visit PA places. Surprised why this restaurant has less reviews whee as food quality and service is very nice.
4 out of 5.This is my favorite restaurant. I've been coming here for years with my family. I've tried many different Indian places and this is the best by far. Absolutely love their nan and butter chicken, and the Dal Maharaja Punjab is my favorite of all. The mango lassi is a favorite among my sisters. Great, friendly staff (they recognize me when I come in!). Authentic food and cozy atmosphere. I always came for the buffet lunch but you can specifically order what you want if you come for dinner (the buffet selection varies). Definitely try it!Been here a couple of times and everything I've tried so far has been spot on. Easily one of the best Indian restaurants in Philadelphia.The food was extremely satisfying and flavorful. Best of all, is that they have many vegetarian options so you won't have to eat the same thing every time you go.We were seated promptly,and our order was taken quickly. It took almost an hour to receive our food, and in that time period we may as well not have been there for all the attention that was paid to us. Apparently they lost our order or it fell on the floor or something.
The woman that I spoke to about this couldn't have cared less, and offered no apology or discount.
The food was excellent, and I want to go back and see if we have a better experience some day. But, the level of service that we received while we were there makes weary of returning.Excellent dinner here on a weekday night.  The staff was attentive without being overbearing and the food was really solid.  My wife and I split an entree and naan for about $25.  The server accommodated our spice preference and had great recommendations.  I would come back anytime for tasty traditional Indian fare.Ehh stick to the basics and you'll be fine. My wife's chicken Timko masala was good. I got the fish fry for some reason and the fish was like really old/bad. He ended up giving me a 10% discount which was nice. But yea don't order seafood here it's a bad idea. Ambiance is nice for an old city place. I probably would give it another shot and just order some chicken saag.We went for buffet. It was not so great. Not many items. Empty vessels were not being filled right away at buffer. Second time we ordered MALAI KOFTA and it tasted awesome.I make it a point to eat here when I'm in Philly now! ive eaten here both lunch and dinner. The chutney is on point.  Their garlic naan is a favorite so fresh and airy, you must order this!  The chicken tikka masala is sooOooo delicious with perfect ratio of cream and tomato and sweetness. The lamb so tender. Veg pakora is fried very well not too oily.  Service is also wonderful and attentive.  Perfect date spot or dinner with friends.  Can't wait to come back!oh karma. 
here's the thing: a restaurant is inherently part good yes, but service is equally as important!
i'm actually starting this review while waiting for the food. 
it's a sunday evening of a long weekend, and our party of three called ahead to check wait time. that should be fine we were told. ok so then we make the trek here, only to find ourselves standing at the door next to a sign saying wait to be seated. ok we'll wait.
BUT here's the thing that started the decline for this place: if you say you're ready for a party of three when we say we're 10 minutes away, that should be the case. instead, we were standing some 10 minutes before we were paid attention to, and then, more afterwards. you know it's concerning when the others behind us waiting are debating going somewhere else. also, the party dining asked if the place was understaffed, because the service had been poor. 
finally-- we're seated. we have to flag down the waiter because no one came back. also, get this: we're seated upstairs where there's plenty of tables...so why were we waiting???????
the bathroom has one light fixture working so kinda dim. 
as for the FOOD, we'll scratch that because ONE HOUR AFTER ARRIVING WE'RE STILL WAITING for the food, and apparently the 20 + 5 minute wasn't kept. the owner arrives now, but honestly??? sadly the other party is still waiting. 
SO 30 minutes of waiting later, the food arrives. luckily the food was pretty authentic which gives karma a star. 
to top it off, the anise seed mix at the door is stale and rather sugary than normal. 
it's a shame because i'm visiting from the west coast.
needless to say, i won't be back.My husband and I are visiting Philly for the weekend and were craving Indian for dinner tonight. This place was WONDERFUL. The food was piping hot and absolutely delicious and the service was friendly and prompt. Go there! You will leave very full and VERY happy!Karma is my favorite indian restaurant in Philly- hands down the best.  I have eaten at the restaurant on numerous occasions and ordered takeout on almost a weekly basis and have never once been disappointed by the food or service.  We usually order the Malai Kofta and Saag Paneer- both dishes are the best I've ever had at an indian restaurant and are ALWAYS spiced to our liking.  The Aloo Papri Chat is perfectly prepared- not too watery or soggy at all.  We have tried the lunch buffet here as well and all the dishes we tried were excellent.  They do not deliver, but its worth the walk to go and pick up your food for sure.  The ambiance in the restaurant is modern and relaxing and they are usually playing tabla influenced drum and bass whenever I'm there.  Good selection of indian beers.  Tasty chai tea as well.  Don't bother with Tiffin, come to Karma.Very good food.  I'm really not much for this type of food, due to the fact that it's very spicy for me, but it was very tasty.  There are less spicy options and the staff will take orders to your liking when possible.Come here for affordable weekday buffet! 
This is an indian restaurant in old city. My friend and I were lured in by the buffet which was like $13 or so per person at lunch. The ambiance was a little strange for lunch because it was a little dark in the eating area closer to the back. It is far from the window. 
They have a decent array of foods for the buffet. I particularly enjoyed the butter chicken and the fried pakora. I also thought the naan was good. I thought though that some of the food was a little cold. Although all the gas burners were running and heating the food, some was not hot. 
The rice pudding dessert was good too, though I think one of the toppings, maybe the tamarind topping, was super sour and was definitely a miss. The Gulab Jamuns (like an oily indian buffet) had a good flavor but the texture was very oily, almost too much so.
Service was OK - they subtlely wanted to encourage you to finish but that is expected for a buffet.Girlfriend and I went here, great little spicy treasure in Old City. We ordered the Malai Kebab; I was a little skeptical because there was no kind of sauce that came with the dish(I was afraid it was going to be too dry), but man was I wrong! The chicken was tender and juicy with just the right amount of spiciness. Portions were enough that we could share and, coupled with the Naan side that came with it, we were full by the end of the night.
Service was awesome and attentive too( the waiter even came back to repour our leftover beer into our glasses). Great place, I'll definitely be back.Quick Summary:
- Fresh ingredients and everything tasted good!
- Most of the dishes weren't so spicy, only a selected few
- Seats filled up fast
- Mild but cool air conditioning
After eating cheesesteaks, we wanted to try something different, but everyone we asked recommended cheesesteaks. Eventually, we looked up on yelp and found this restaurant. It also happened to be on Market Street, where we often walked past, and it always grabbed our attention. 
We went there first thing in the morning, minutes after it opened, so they were still in the middle of preparation when we took our seats. The display was beautiful and it was fun to try each dish. When the restaurant was officially open, we piled a plateful of food, and I still wasn't able to fill in half of the available options (I tried these on seconds). 
I have low spice tolerance, so I was glad there were more mild spice dishes over spicy ones. The cauliflower curry was one of the dishes that took me by surprise on how spicy it was. My favorite one was the chickpea salad and the curry with peas in it.
It had been a while since we had rice, so we were really pleased.tasty good Indian food of places I have been we were pleasantly surprised stoppe by on wat the theatherI am so glad to see a collection of rave reviews for this Indian restaurant.  I was a fortunate attendee of their lunch buffet.  
To me, Indian food is as comforting as food gets.  I think it runs in my genes, as my parents are avid Indian food fanatics and the gene has been passed down to me.  However, I tend to not regularly frequent Indian restaurants, as it is considered an indulgent treat.  I've only experienced a few Indian lunch buffets here and there, in the several cities I've lived in (ie. Austin, Boston, Nashville).
That being said... this is the best Indian lunch buffet I've ever had.  It was SO good, and there was such a large variety of foods offered.  The buffet did start out with an array of salad-y foods, all of which were interesting and tasty.  Then.. there was this beautiful round-plate display of chickpeas, vegetarian samosas, pakoras, and even a mashed potato or chickpea food that added flavor and character to the display.  It's hard for me to describe this so you can picture it, but imagine a heaping serving of curried chickpeas in the center, surrounded by layers of mashed potato/chickpea, fried appetizers and naan bread.  Sound too enticing to handle?  It was that enticing.. and that good.
There were several hot dishes offered, though it's a little too long ago now for me to remember every one.  I know there was dal, or lentils.  There were two chicken dishes, one saucy and one a dryer curry.  Both were good, the saucy one in particular.  This was not your standard tikka massala.  Thankfully.
There were two different desserts offered.  Some other reviewers claimed they were too full to try.  Well... there's always room for dessert.  The kheer (rice pudding) had an interesting texture, less pudding like and more grainy I'd say.  
What a fabulous find in a fabulous neighborhood of Philly.  If I find myself in the City of Brothery Love (and great food) and someone exclaimed "Indian".. I'd know exatly where to go.Second time trying the lunch buffet and it was delish both times!  We arrived right when they opened and everything was hot and fresh.  Buffet includes dosa and naan brought right to your table.  They also offer variety, plenty of vegetarian dishes and meat as well.  Plus, they switch up the buffet options, the choices were different from our last visit a month prior. Overall, high quality, affordable, friendly staff.Stopped in for the lunch buffet, selection was pretty limited but it all tasted really good!!I became a fan of this spot. The food is full of flavor, very well presented and very reasonable prices. The staff is super friendly, knowledgeable and professional...they seem to really like what they are doing and that adds extra comfort and value to this place. If you are not sure about what to order ask them and they will help you selecting the best dish for your palate. The amount of food is perfect....the garlic bread is delicious and the chicken wings are a must have as appetizer. The chicken and the goat dishes were also very good. Totally recommend!!.One plate idli at this place means one single idli. This is theft. For $6 that is not worth it. Every other place on this planet will give two pieces. Plus the sambar was stale.Really wonderful food, nicely spiced and with a menu variety we've never seen, although we frequently dine in Indian restaurants. Service is prompt and courteous. Tables are too small though.The food was very nicely made and hot. The chili chicken was very nice.The service was ok but not great.We had to wait a little bit but all the appetizer came at one shot and all the main dishes came all together.There is one disclaimer though when we called to get a reservation the person who answered the phone was saying you wouldn't get a seat and that they were fully booked.It was like she didn't want us to come. But when we came we got a table in a few minutes.It was a overall a good experience though and would recommend it.Very Unprofessional service.  Restaurant closed when we had reservation confirmed. Had reserved table for 10 pm through OpenTable app, called and confirmed appointment as well. As we were driving from Delaware, we got late on road , called to restaurant to inform that we were going to be late by 15 mins and would arrive by 10:15 pm. Hostess on phone said that they would accept us. When we were 2 mins away from restaurant, we got a call at 10:10 pm and were told that manager decided to close the restaurant and we were stranded in the middle of nowhere in freezing sub zero temperatures. No humanity at all.Strong review called me here, and I was not disappointed. Finding delicious, authentic, quality Indian food doesn't happen every day in Philadelphia, and Karma is a wonderful gem in Old City. The free bread with tahini sauce was delicious, the food was appropriately spicy, and the atmosphere was warm and friendly. It was a bit dressy, with a mostly 30-somthing crowd and many couples, but the prices were affordable and, most importantly, the food was great. Give it a try!First visited this restaurant in 2007, the tomato gravy is outstanding! 2nd visit was great as well. The Kandari naan is the best I've ever had!This place is pretty good with casual attire. I personally liked chicken tikka masala!It's been too long- I cannot wait to get back here. I enjoyed all of my food and great convo with people at the bar! I only took one pic of my meal- Saag. YUMMMMMMMY!!! The staff are nice also. Please visit.That ambiance was cozy, the staff was friendly, the price was just right and best of all the food was GREAT!!
The chicken tikka and tandoori shrimp are must haves!!
I've had the pleasure of eating in and having it catered and both times I was not disappointed. 
Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Philly!!The food here is great , used living social to try karma and I was not disappointed , will definitely come back , the staff is wonderful and nice ...VEGETARIAN REVIEW:
Entree:
Malai Kofta was amazing! Flavorful! You can ask for spicy or even "indian spicy" (which is apparently really spicy). I went with the medium, but then thought it wasn't spicy enough so the cute waiter was nice enough to bring out this hot chutney/sauce that I could add in to make it as spicy as I wanted (guess he knew I was picky)! It solved the problem and it was absolutely perfect.
Naan was so fluffy and warm, but not overly soft (which would then taste undercooked). 
Bar:
They do card. And, I'd suggest the mango martini or the berry martini (or as they call it... Karmatinis, LOL!)
Beer:
No craft beers! Eulogy (wide selection of beer) is on the same block though! And plus, who drinks beer with indian food?
Service:
Great! Usually fast, but sometimes the waiters got caught up with other customers. But they were attentive, made drinks fast, answered all questions and dealt with all of my picky-ness! This one waitress is also super hot! Don't let her body deter you away from your date, fellas!
Atmosphere:
First date worthy! Dark, romantic ambiance. 
I would eat here everyday if it were closer and would DEF recommend it to all my fellow vegetarians.We been to this palace twice and both times we liked food and service.the lady (server)she's awesome and respectful.must try goan fish curry :)Was there last Friday and not only was the food amazing, the staff was very friendly and attentive. I am very picky about where I spend my nights out and this place was definitely worth it. Can't wait to go back.This is the best Indian food in Philly, hands down. Mani, a wonderful server, took care of my mother and I. He recommended the Lamb Chettinad, and we also got the Butter Chicken and samosas. 
The Lamb was SOOOO DELICIOUS. The chunks of lamb are moist and tastes like it'd been stewed for hours. The chicken is a favorite, and the perfect thing for folks wanting something a little bit more adventurous than the regular ol Tiki Marsala. I've eatin here too many times. #bestindianinphilly (and they're lunch buffet is back ) THIS IS A MUST TRY!My co-workers and I love Karma! We go for the lunch buffet a lot!  The staff is super friendly and attentive. They really make you feel welcome and the food is delicious.I actually got lost coming here because Google maps sent me to their old location. There were lots of actual Indian people here, which I think is a good sign that the food is authentic. The lamb curry tasted great to me.Of all the Indian restaurants South Jersey and Philly have to offer, Karma is hands down the best. They have great drinks, great service, and amazing food. If you like spicy and haven't been satisfied with spice levels elsewhere, this is the place to test out those taste buds. The "Karma Spice" is the highest level and it left my mouth perfectly numb as I had hoped.
Their Lamb Vindaloo is the best I've had anywhere and I have been to literally every Indian restaurant within a 50 mile radius. They have a great Old fashioned, and their new location is much more appealing than the last. I will definitely be making Karma my go-to Indian restaurant from now on and I look forward to trying out every other dish they have on the menu. 
Enjoy!Came here a few months ago and ordered the thali, achar, lassi which I thought were great. The servers were also very pleasant and prompt. 
I called in today and they are no longer doing the thali special which they have replaced with a lunch buffet. I personally preferred the thali option.This is probably the best Indian I've had in Philly! Delicious, fried food not to greasy, nice ambiance. Go!I am Indian so I know what authentic Indian food should taste like. You cannot go wrong with any of the choices here. Their naan is cooked to perfection. Chicken Tikka Masala has the right amount of spices. Fish Vindaloo is the freshest Indian fish I have ever tasted. Keep it up guys from management, cooks, to the servers. Everyone is doing a great job and hope many many years of the same kind of service, quality, prices and selections.I have pretty high standards for Indian food (my mom is a great cook), but this place is delicious. I go there every couple of weeks when I'm craving good Indian food. They have a nice $20 dinner special that includes a glass of wine, an appetizer, and an entree.
For the appetizer, I got the aloo chaat. It's basically potatoes with yogurt and crunchy fried bits. It's nothing amazing, but it does the job. Paneer Makhani is my go-to entree. It's the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. It's also not too oily or too creamy. I love it! Recently I also tried the Palak Paneer, and loved it too. The best thing about Karma though is their Naan. It is absolutely perfect. It's really big (easily serves two people). The Naan seems like its freshly made. It's on the thinner side, but still super fluffy I really like garlic, so we usually order the Lasooni Naan. 
I also really like the drinks here. I don't know how much alcohol is in them but they are delicious. I can't remember the exact names, but the first drink we tried was this mango cocktail. It's basically a spiked Mango Lassi, and a must for any mango lover. My favorite though was the Mumbai Mojito. It came in a cute mason jar. 
The only thing about Karma that's subpar is the service and the ambience. The service is a little slow and the place looks a little dingy. 
Overall though this is a great place if you're craving quality Indian food.Quality Indian cuisine in a nice and relaxed setting. Tandoori platter was the stand out but the Chicken Biryani could do with some work. Uninspired pedestrian service was the only let down. Give it a try.Great food. If you love Indian food and spicy, this is one of the best places around.Excellent Indian food - my favorite is the Tikka Masala chicken.  The chicken they use is a good quality, unlike another Indian restaurant I've tried in town (Passage to India) where I received all dark meat and it was very gristly and unappetizing.  They have a great variety of nan, although I was disappointed to see there was no Puri (deep fried nan) on the menu.  Another small small disappointment is that they only have one "level" of spicey.  Im used to having the option to order my Indian "mild", "hot", or "spicey".  It's spicey enough to content me here at Karma, but if you want something face sweatingly spicey I've not found it here.  (Order yours "spicey" at Aman's in East Norriton for that!)   
The restaurant itself has a nice ambiance, and a fairly extensive weekday lunchtime buffet.
This restaurant also houses the tastiest cocktail I've yet to drink in Philadelphia.  It's a mango martini and is absolutely exquisite.
I know I will be a regular here!I am obsessed with their lunch buffet. Hands down the best Indian buffet I have been to, and I have been to most of the one's in Philly as well as many in other cities. Great selection, great tasting, vegeterian friendly, and great staff. It is a must visit if you like Indian food.Really authentic Indian Food! 
Better than most of the Restaurants even in NJ/NY.
Well this is closer too...& I'm gonna definitely keep coming here.Good crowd, good location, nice people 
Ambiance is average.
Food quality I would say is not that great as hyped by people.Its average! 
Although  the quality of roti was good.
Service was very very slow.Best Indian food in a city not known for its Indian cuisine.  The Lamb and eggplant were terrifically prepared and tasted very authentic. The server and manager even explained a few of the dishes to my friends whom were not too familiar with Indian food. Great staff and service!
I'll be back soon!
Cheers for Karma!I went for my bf's birthday because he loves Indian food. I've never tried it before and I'm not a fan of curry. We did get free papadum (spelling?) and I loved it, but my bf who has had Indian food before loved it too. It was so good. The vegetarian samosas were great. I ordered the shrimp maharaja(?) and i loved the gravy it came in. I don't really like tomatoes but there was tomatoes in it, it might not have been heavily tomato based. I barely tasted it, it was so good. My bf had the butter shrimp that has a tomato based gravy and I didn't like it. The gravy was pure tomatoes it tasted like spaghettios. The chicken was so good! My bf liked the dish though. We also ordered the garlic naan, it was good too! 
I don't really have any complaints! 
The service was absolutely great! I had about 2 waiters constantly filling my water and asking me if I had any questions. I did not have any problem at all. The place was really cute. Great date night place!
MUST TRY; Butter ShrimpCame for a birthday dinner. Table of 12 and I think we may have tried just about everything on the menu. The Mixed Platter was the crowd favorite. Atmosphere was perfect, fun, we had a great time. People who worked there were so nice and accommodating. They explained with patience and in detail to those who hadn't tried Indian before and everyone left happy. Definitely a must try!You would not be able to distinguish this as an Indian restaurant by the decor. There are random abstract painting hung haphazardly on the walls and drapey maroon curtains in the back of the restaurant.
My bf and I came here bearing a coupon from restaurants.com. ($3.50 for $25.00 worth of food). We ordered tandoori chicken wings, which I thought was a fun play on your traditional chicken wing. The char and flavor was right on, but the wings were a little fatty. I guess I'm just used to crispy fried chicken wings, but they were still very good. Their tandoori oven must be well-seasoned.
I ordered Lamb Korma and I've got to say I'm surprised at how good it was, although different than I expected; I'm practically married to the Lamb Korma offered by Ekta. It was rich, creamy, and flavorful, and the lamb was cooked really well (SO tender). Strangely, it tasted just like my grandmother's mulligatawny soup. Nothing has EVER come close to tasting like it....it is a different dish but the nostalgia it brought was more than welcomed. BF ordered Lamb Vindaloo; he was offered spice ranging from mild to "indian hot", yes, that's what they said. So he just ordered it regular old hot The flavor was good, but the sauce was a bit runny for my liking. 
The naan here is very good; it's chewy, crispy, warm, and fluffy all at the same time--my second favorite in the city right behind Ekta. My expectations were surpassed. It's not the the best Indian food I have ever had, but they offer above average Indian noms, and for that, I commend them.
The service is great. Very friendly, efficient servers, who pay careful attention to detail. A seamless meal of full glasses of water and perfectly timed arrival of apps and entrees.Karma is good. I ordered some classic dishes so I could compare Karma to other Indian restaurants I've been to. 
Tandoori Gobhi was good and tasted just like how it should. 
I ordered the bread basket and was very disappointed with the garlic naan because the garlic was burnt and left an awful taste in my mouth. However, the parnatha was very good. 
Chicken tikka masala was very good and had a great  fresh tomato flavor, but, was not spicy enough for me. 
Lamb roganjosh was solid but disappointed compared to the chicken tikka masala. 
Service was subpar throughout the meal. At the end of the meal I was not asked if I'd like coffee desert or anything else, I was just handed the check. 
The three stars are for the food alone, not the service.I want to give this 3.5 star rather than 4. This place has great taste and flavor but rather lacks in setting. The menus I had were covered with some food splats. I almost didn't want to touch the menu. 
This lack of cleanliness on the table may show a sign of how the kitchen could be. Because of this I I leant towards a 3 Star. But again on the bright side, the flavors were delicious.A favorite place. The food is amazing. My favorites are the lamb korma, saag paneer and malai kofta. The salmon raita is a great app. 
It is five stars for me because the staff is so nice and friendly. Decor could be spiffed up.The food at Karma was pretty good, but I was very unimpressed with the service.
First, we had to stand by the bar for almost ten minutes before someone would even acknowledge us. When they finally sat us (20 minutes later than the time we made our reservation for) we had to wait even longer for our waiter.
Our waiter finally came and took our order, but it took forever to get our drinks. in fact, our appetizers came out before we even got our drinks.
When the food arrived, the food runner dropped off our plates but didn't bring us the bread we'd ordered. it took another 10 minutes to get our bread, and by that time, we were done eating.
After waiting for a long time to get our waiter's attention, I was finally able to snag him and ask for more water. He ran back with a pitcher and filled only my glass, then ran off, even though the glasses of all three of my friends were empty as well.
I won't be returning.I really wanted to love this place, but I unfortunately can't say that I did. The staff is great and the inside is comfortable and spacious and well lit, but the prices are extremely high for the quantity of food you get. It's pretty good food (albeit a bit salty) don't get me wrong, but other restaurants give you more for the same amount or cheaper. 
We ended up ordering the chicken tikka, shrimp vindaloo, and garlic naan. The naan was HUGE which was awesome, but the chicken tikka and shrimp dish were both really small. There were probably eight pieces of shrimp in the vindaloo, which for $18 dollars is exorbitant. Another, maybe small, gripe I had was that I asked for a bit of yogurt since the food was quite spicy (I ordered it that way, and it was great but I just wanted something to cut the spice a bit) and our waiter brought out a pot of it (I finished maybe a quarter or fifth of it), not telling me that he was charging for it or how much he was charging for it. It ended up being three dollars, which definitely isn't a huge amount of money, but I just wish that he would have told me. (I figured he'd just bring out a chutney sized bit of it and wouldn't charge.) 
Anyway, it was all together a good meal and I don't regret going, but was a bit disappointed with the price.Although I love the soup, I have to say that their business practices have turned me off for good.  The server charged me twice (once before tip, once after) and I contacted them immediately for a refund of the pre-tip amount. The manager said it happens (as I'm sure it does everywhere), and they would have the bank revert the charge. Two weeks later, I followed up because nothing had happened. Several days later, the manager returned my call, acting very condescending and said they "don't give away free food." I offered to bring my statement, but the manager said I needed to have the bank provide a slip with an invoice for both, which of course does not exist because they don't issue invoices for sales, they just process sales. Not worth the trouble of $10 lunch buffet, but left a terrible taste in my mouth.Excellent food! Great service. From apps to dishes to presentation....all great! I highly recommend this place.I effing love Indian food. Always vegan friendly, an Indian restaurant is always a crowd pleaser when dining with a mixed group of people. Omnivores are happy. Vegans are happy. Everything is yummy. We're all happy.
Last night, we started with samosas. They were good, but actually, a little salty. And if something is a little salty for me, it's probably a lot salty for other people. I loves me some salt. Then I had the channa peshawari w/ rice & roti. All very, very tasty.
I'm more likely to go to a few other places for Indian simply because they're closer to my apartment, but it's good to get out of my neighborhood/comfort zone once in a while. I'd definitely come back here again...it'd be good Karma. 
(ugh, I wonder how many other people used that joke...& how many stopped themselves before doing so...sorry)Karma Restaurant is located on Third and Market Street in the Old City section of Philadelphia. Upon walking in you will notice the dimly lit environment, creating an intimate setting with relaxing Indian music playing in the background. In addition to the main room and bar area downstairs, there is an upstairs with a spacious dance floor and enough room to fit a large party of people. 
Service is also attentive and friendly. During my experience, I noticed that the restaurant staff went out of their way to greet everyone who entered the door and kept everyone's water filled.
From mild, medium, spicy, to indian and karma spicy being the hottest, all of the entrees have adjustable spice levels to accommodate everyone's taste buds so you won't have to worry about taking a trip to the hospital if the food is too hot! By the way, the Butter Chicken is to die for! I would definitely recommend Karma for a nice romantic date or even a family event!I was in Philly this weekend and had a craving for some Indian food. I heard about an Indian restaurant called Karma on chestnut. I'm connoisseur for Indian food and didn't think Philly had any quality Indian restaurants but I was wrong. The food at Karma was delicious. I loved there butter chicken and saag paneer. Their garlic naan was soft, warm and yummy! I loved dipping every piece of it in the Indian yogurt and butter chicken curry.  The service was excellent and they really went out of their way to make sure I was taken care of. The waiter approached me several times to fill my of glass of water, and ask me if I needed anything else. Their drinks were great too! I would definitely recommend this place anyone who wants authentic Indian food.Excellent food. Food was delicious than most restaurants even in India. We were group of 16, with each one ordering separate dishes and at the end no one had any complaint of the food. The food came relatively earlier and was finger liking delicious. 
Ordered range of stuff from chicken tandoor, malai kofta, chicken 65, veg gobi 65, idli, biryanis, 
A must must try.Love this place. My husband and I are regulars here. When his parents came to town, we wanted a restaurant we knew would be reliable for good service and great food. We brought them to Karma. A midwest guy and a bronx gal, we weren't sure how Indian food would go over, but the parents loved it too.
Thank you Karma for always being awesome!The lunch buffet was super good. I had so much Indian food but this one still stranded out on my list. The rice pudding, Brown cheese ball (sorry forget the names) and the grilled chicken are both my favorite.I ate takeout from this restaurant and it was fantastic! My online order was ready in less than half an hour, it was neatly packaged, and everything was delish, especially the vegetable samosas.Love this place , we even Caviar from here. Anything lamb is great. The drinks are pretty strong but maybe that depends on the bartender, all in all it's a great place to eat in or order take out from .Well...it's hard to find so many bad words but here it is..
1. Food is expensive, totally not worth.(Rumali roti is 5 bucks)
2. Less variety for the buffet.
3. Food is tasteless.
4. I would rather cook myself as it gave me stomach problems.
5. I think the people who gave 5 stars were bribed.This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've eaten at in the US! I've been here twice with two different groups of Indian friends, and we loved the food both times. Their appetizers are very good (I've tried their tandoori gobi and mixed veggie tandoori platter). I loved their fish biryani enough to have it both times and I highly recommend it.
In general, their food is very authentic and tasty. Karma offers spice levels on a 0 to 10 scale with two point increments. Indians, I'd recommend a spice level of 6. For everybody else: you can't go too wrong with a harmless 2, although 4 is closer to authentic Indian food if you'd like to brave it. :)Very nice place for our UYE last Friday night.  10 brave souls ventured out after a laborious week to enjoy each other's company and some good grub.  Karma was the choice of our up and coming unofficial social director, Sari (Another great job!). 
The space was a little tight in the back of the house on a long table next to the lunch buffet table and hot plates, but with the glass of wine that came with our $20 three course dinner had us forgetting our surroundings as we caught up with our Yelphriends and new initiates.  True, that the cuisine is somewhat secondary to our passion for each other, but we are "foodies" to a greater or lesser degree, and we are aware of what we eat.  
So, tonight had its good points and some of the other kind as well.  My Veggie Samosa was quite good with good mashed curried potatoes, peas and onion is a lightly fried dough with good tamarind dipping sauce.  One was enough for me.  My Chicken Xacuti had a nice coconut milk based sauce, but with somewhat dry overcooked Chicken.  The Naan/Garlic Naan were very thin, but tasty and capable of holding both the pinched main course and the superior Coconut Curry bath it came in.
The regrettable shock of the evening was tasting my buddy's Taj Mahal Indian Beer.  It was downright skunky, like it had been left in the heat for far too long and only chilled at the last minute.  Management took it off his check, but the damage to the  taste buds was not as easily mended.  
Overall, a decent meal, but one that was not as good as many nearby Indian houses can provide, although our camaraderie made up for much of its shortcomings.Huge disappointment.  Bad food. Overpriced. Do not go there. The server himself said he doesn't like the food here.
We went there after reading the reviews on yelp but hated the place.The only place in Philly that serves South Indian buffet. Food is ok. Restaurant has a bar like appearance from the front.I usually judge an Indian joint based on two things, their Chicken Tikka Masala and the Naan bread. I was beyond happy with both.  Nice ambiance, pleasant staff, and not too loud. I will definitely will be eating here again.Talk about hitting the ball out of the stadium (cricket talk not baseball) I walked into The new Karma on market street, because I was craving for biryani.. Lo and Behold there is a sign for Thalis.. well Biryani can wait!! I ordered the Chicken Thali.. and my only disappointment is that I couldn't devour it the Indian way.. bare hands and all!!
It was a trip down the memory lane for me!! Kudos Karma, you are back on my list of favorite Indian restaurants in the area..We came here on a Saturday evening and had the $20 dinner special which consists of an appetizer, entree and glass of wine, great value!
 Our server Rony was excellent.  He made recommendations on the menu and was very friendly. Food came quickly and water glasses were refilled continuously.
The food at Karma was some of the better Indian food I have had in Philly. I liked our appetizer of allo papri chaat (something I hadn't tried before) a refreshing mix of crispy fried dough, chick peas, and spiced yogurt.  The garlic naan was especially good (tons of chopped garlic, and a very large serving).  We also enjoyed the butter chicken, which was not overly spicy.  They will alter the spice to your taste, or bring you extra hot sauce on the side, if you ask for it.
Overall, Karma is a solid choice if you are looking for a moderately priced meal in Old City.  Will return.Karma was recommended by an Indian friend as the best Indian in town, and I couldn't agree more. And I've been to plenty of Indian restaurants, both in Philly and in other cities --some of which had many more Indian restaurants than Philly.
I've done large events at this restaurant, and I've ordered catering for large parties many times, and every time the food was delicious and the service was stellar. My guests, many of them Indian, loved it.
They are able to adapt dishes to special dietary needs, something that most Indian restaurants in town do not do (and yes, the dishes remain authentically Indian), and they are extremely friendly and easy to work with. The owner, Jiji, is extremely nice, and so is his staff.  
I totally recommend.I ordered a plate of idli for pickup. 
First of all, they haven't updated their address in google maps. 
After coming back to my hotel, I checked the food. Then they gave me 1 small idli with sambar. Throughout the world, people serve two idlis in a plate. He charged $6. Sambar at had excess salt.
Pathetic food.
And he did not even give silverware.Ordered online for home delivery: Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken with Naan bread. Best Indian food we've had in a long time. Tender chicken, great spices, and very flavorful. Price of the dishes was a little on the high side but wouldn't deter me from ordering from Karma again. However, one big drawback was the delivery time of over 80 minutes (on a Sunday evening) - hence the 4 stars instead of 5.Authentic Indian Resturant. Salmon thali off the chain. Courteous employees and great serviceThere buffet is 5 stars. But when I went for dinner for some reason it wasn't as exciting (probably 3 stars). So I will give them the benefit of the doubt and give them a 4. It's a cozy restaurant.Just finished my Buffet at this place and observed that food is sumptuous only over The weekends. The menú was good But I would recommend it for weekends onlyKarma's  lunch  buffet
exquisite and flavorful 
indeed nicely pricedMy husband and I went here during our last trip to his hometown.  South Florida is a desert for quality South Asian and East Asian fare.  He states that Karma is his absolutely favorite Indian restaurant in the country.  Let me tell you, it did not disappoint.  The flavors were booming and the spices were succulent.  The butter chicken was a delight around the table.  The dal makhani was amongst the best I've ever had.  We loved the lamb vindaloo and the saag paneer.  Overall, the food could have been a little spicier, but we were with a large group and didn't want to ask for it to be extra spicy.  Either way, the flavors were outstanding.  The service was good, but not spectacular.  I agree with my husband and would highly recommend it.I was in Philadelphia visiting my cousins on holiday, and they took me to Karma for their all-you-can-eat buffet. I'll be honest and say that I don't eat a lot of Indian food, but to me their buffet was amazing. We got their a little early, so we were the first ones to arrive for lunch, but that just meant that all the food was just-cooked and AMAZING. 
They also had fantastic service, and were extremely attentive even when more people started arriving. Some of the food was quite spicy, leading my cousin to drink almost an entire pitcher of water by herself, so one of the workers helped her out as well, giving her some mango chutney to help with the heat. The chutney was both delicious and helpful, even though I'm pretty sure the waiter introduced it to us so that he could stop returning so often to fill up my cousin's water!Start to finish the food was spectacular. Fresh, exciting, and expert in every way. If you're looking for your go-to Indian spot, this is it.This is my first visit to Indian Restaurant as I just moved to Philly 2 days ago.
The restaurant was almost closed by the time we went in but the staff welcomed us by agreeing to the condition that we will order in just 3 mins. Cool though.
We've ordered Roti and Madras Chicken curry
One chicken Biryani and one goat Biryani
Roti is excellent. Really superb.
Madras curry was very yummy but the gravy does not look rich although it tastes very good.
Finally Biryani, oops. I thought they would serve Dum Biryani. But nope they gave us a different style which I usually don't prefer.
Biryani item only not up to the expectations. Rest all good.
By the way, the music that they play is pure traditional indian music and I felt really relaxed.
Try it out.The food was fresh and tasty... it was simple and very good... had a wonderful time... we had veg thali for the price they charged the meal was very filling and the quantity was huge too.... had a good time... 
try out it's a good option for lunch or dinner !!This is a perfect 3-star. Not great, not bad, but close to just right.
We tried the following for dinner:
Rumali Roti  - this was great. I have not had rumali roti in a long time!
Aloo paratha - was alright. didnt have much flavor.
Saag paneer- was also ok.
Malai kofta - was pretty good.
Mango lassi - was pretty good.
Overall the food was decent. Service was attentive.
I was not wowed here. 
But, you I am sure you wont be disappointed either.Friendly staff. We traveled with a family of 8 to Philadelphia and there was a power outage in the city and the staff at Karma cooked for us with no power, though the restaurant is closed.
Food quality was very good. Service was very good.I went here on my first date and it couldn't be more perfect. My boyfriend and I split the chicken tikka masala and a small shrimp dish. The food was delish and not to mention the portion was more than enough for the both of us. The restaurant is in a great part of old city, which means we got to walk around to the local bars after dinner.  If you're looking for a place that has good food, great service, and is located in a great neighborhood - you'll want to check this place out. Love having dinner at Karma!I really like Karma.
I just went here for dinner and they had a dinner special for $20.00 that included appetizer, main course and wine. I thought that was a good deal.
The appetizers were very large in portion and by the time I dug into my main meal I was so full (which is all a good thing.) The food all tasted so good. My sister said she has been to the lunch buffet and said that's all very good too. 
I had the Chaat and Butter chicken. GREAT.
And my sister had the Samosa and Chicken Tika Masala which were good as well.
Service was very good as well. All very friendly.This is my favorite indian resturant in the whole city and let me tell you I have tried them all!  There are three moments in my life when I have felt pure unadulterated bliss the first was when I saw pink floyd perform the wall live in berlin, the second is when my first daughter was born, and the third was the first time I tried the Tandori Chicken at Karma Restaurant & Bar.  Thank god I ordered it spicy because I had to keep asking for tissues to wipe away the tears of joy that were streaming down my face and the whole time I just pretended like I was sweaty cause of how perfectly spicy it was for my palette.  My only complaint is that the staff are such nice people that it literally makes me feel bad about myself for not being a better person but I guess it's ok since at the end of the day it just makes me want to spread the love to the people I care most about in my life that they so clearly have for perfection that I experience when I take my first bite of that savory spicy Tandori Chicken from Karma!Updated Review: I came here on 04/06/15, my waiter Max was nothing short of professional. The food was great like usual. I had the buffet and he even found the dessert I wanted and didn't charge me for it! What a guy. I strongly encourage people to try this place out once.Worst taste and ordered items missed.. We were highly disappointed... There is no negative stars so that is why I am not giving and it's not allowing to without star.. Kadai chicken is disaster..Went for: Saturday Night Dinner
Party Size: 3
Besides the "meh" Indian cuisine my work offers once a week, I have never had Indian.
I went here because I like meat, but my friend is a vegeterian. We had a great meal!
For parties larger then 3, CALL AHEAD! Seating is limited and can be tough if you are trying to get a table for 4 or more walk-in.
Food:
They brought these bread crisp with two dipping sauces (a green one, and an indian bbq one). Enjoyed both but loved the green one. It had a little kick to it.
Samosa's - They were ok, nothing to rave about.
Lasooni Naan - Garlic Naan bread. Very Good! Great for scooping up your sauce/rice/meat mixture.
Chicken Tikka Masala - (Ordered Spicy) Watch out if you say spicy, they will do it! After a few spoonsfulls of this sauce you feel it, but I enjoyed that.
Lamb Korma - Really good! A Tomato and yogurt sauce with chunks of seasoned lamb.
Navrattan Korma - Vegeterian Meatballs, good dish as well.
Service was great, and they made sure to tell us about some new dishes with an indian twist coming soon. 
Would absolutely go back!This was my first time at an Indian restaurant and I must say that I am def a fan. My two friends and I had the $20 dinner special and although I couldn't get the shrimp I wanted (it wasn't part of the special), I was very happy with my chicken saagwala. 
Ronnie Thomas was our waiter and he did an awesome job with our lively bunch.  It also helped that he was a Kevin Durant fan (yes, Im an Okie. (-:...) 
The service was a little slow, but understandable because the place was packed. If I'm ever in Philly again I will definitely visit Karma again.This was an amazing experience! Mani was on point and actually ordered for our group - it was perfect! As a result, I tried many more things than I would have ever ordered in the past, and I'll definitely be back in the not-too-distant future!Great restaurant, great service, and great food! Authentic Indian food! Chef even brought us complimentary dishes, how awesome :)Roughly 10 dollar lunch buffet?  Yes plz.  The food was amazing.  They put out the quality Indian hits I love, such as Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer.  Yum.  The only thing I wish they had were some samosas and a little more spice!We were here after christmas on a saturday night for dinner. 
4 people. Total bill was around $76
We ordered a chicken appetizer(chicken65) and a veg appetizer (tandoori gobhi) Both were okay.
Then we had a chicken entree(chicken tikka masala), a veg entree( baingan bharta) and 4 breads. They serve complimentary rice with entrees. 
Breads were too good here.
We ordered
Amritsari kulcha
Butter naan
Lachcha parantha
Aloo parantha.
All Were soft and tasty.
All curries were not the best. I have had better but decently good food. We will give 3.5 stars to food.
Food quantities were fine and as expected.
Service was quick.
Staff was friendly and waiter was good. So another half star for that.
They can improve over music selections and spice level. Mild baingan bharta was same as spicy chicken tikka masala on spice level.
All in all, I will recommend this place.
Just wanted to mention that they add around 18% gratuity by default in check, so pay attention while tipping.The best Indian in the city!!! I always get  butter chicken/ chicken tikka Makhani and garlic naan.  Karma has had the most flavor and quality meat out of any Indian we have had. We recently went to Veda and Tiffin and were not nearly as impressed . 
My boyfriend LOVES spice,he finally found a place that is spicy enough for him. He got the lamb chettinad, level- karma hot. Both dishes were very generous portions as well.  Service was great and food was very authentic. Will definitely be returning soon!My family of 6 went to Karma on Saturday night! No waiting even though the Restaurant was full. Which is a great surprise on a busy night. Drinks were excellent and great selection. For appetizers we ordered the paneer tikka, cauliflower on the recommendation of the manager which was excellent, and hara bara kebab. All amazing and delicious. For entrees we ordered novratan korma, malai kofta, chicken madras and chicken saagwala. Garlic naan was so tasty and even the Achar was tasty. All excellent flavors and taste. The manager Mani/Manu (sorry cannot remember the exact name) was excellent. Very attentive. The whole staff for that matter. Immediate service, items/drinks brought right away. Went out of his way to wish my mother in law happy birthday twice. And even took a few minutes to talk to us on our way out to explain further about their catering and banquet hall, etc. clean place. No issues at all. Excellent food and service. Would def recommend this place to everyone and anyone. They will adjust spice level in the event u can't handle the Indian spices. Bring ur whole family or a date. U will def enjoy it.Loved this place!!  Buffet lunch with sooo many options was fresh, authentic, and absolutely delish!  The buffet table itself was  abundant, gave a beautiful presentation, and very clean.
Service was impeccable, and one of the owners spent several minutes chatting with us, obviously happy that we were satisfied customers.  Bathrooms were spotless, and the ambiance was calm, relaxed, and peaceful - just what we needed after a busy morning on the streets of Old Town Philadelphia.  We would most DEFINITELY go back!!I've only been here twice so far but it is definitely a place I will come back to. I've been with my roommates and my mother and both visits were very good! The food is good, the service is good, and it's quite. I would recommend the chicken masala but honestly everything I've tried here has been good.Upset with biryani n tandoori chicken. The deserts are disappointing. The Naan's are burnt. Overall I would give a 2 rating for this restaurantI had a 1st date here. It was awesome. From service to food. We sat for 3 1/2 hours and were the last ones there (not that you should do that lol as I work in the business) but they were helpful and kind and thankful. Which is what you need for a successful customer service based business like a restaurant. They get it. Go. And get the chicken tikka. And the cauliflower app. I can't say enough of my experience there. And I have been to mad river and eulogy tons of times. It's tucked away but right in your face. Do it. I loved it.One of finest places for delicious Indian cuisine!! Splendid staff and a wonderful ambiance sets this place apart from the rest! After dinner grab a drink at the bar and hop right into historic olde city! Would recommend this place to everyone who enjoys Indian/Pakistani food....Awesome butter chicken and service was very good too. The only reason I did not give 5 stars - was because of bit salty Garlic Naan.I love Indian food... and I REALLY love this restaurant after one meal. I went here on a whim and noticed they had a special, app/entree/beer for $20. It was a Friday at 7 so this was unexpected. The Tikka was less creamy than I've had, but the best and most flavorful I have ever had. Ever. The Onion Kulcha is great but also has tons of cilantro inside, just in case you aren't a fan. I liked it a lot. Incredible food, fantastic staff, amazing deal (we even used the Yelp coupon with it) - can't wait to go back.This place was absolutely great, in terms of food, decor, and service.   Very accommodating of vegans and vegetarians, I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves Indian food.We didn't sit and eat because it was almost closing time, but we ordered takeout with no problem. Sameer was very nice, and the food was cooked promptly. They let us have waters while we sat and waited because it was so balmy out. I really appreciated that! I hope to go again but dine in!I went to Karma for their lunch buffet today and it was delicious.  A great variety of fresh and quality food, both veggie and meat options, as well as multiple appetizer options and a few desserts.  For $10 all-you-can-eat, it's as good as it gets.  Staff was attentive and supposedly, the buffet changes almost daily so you can go back and get something new each time.My fiancé and I had dinner here. Attentive service. Tasty food . My beau said it was the best Indian food he's had. We had gin & tonics . We shared a chicken dish and a veg rice dish that had raisins in it. The naan bread was warm and good . The restaurant was clean, incl the bathrooms. Ambiance was nice for a date night. Very reasonably priced! Convenient location , right on market by the historic district . We would def go again !The food, service and atmosphere are excellent! Mani and his staff are top notch. If you are visiting the Philadelphia area and are in the mood to experience authentic Indian cuisine, you will not be disappointed!Hit the spot. Nice find. We had Chicken Tikka Masala, Hara Bara Kabab and Bend It Like Kharma. All were very good. BE SURE TO TELL THEM IF YOU WANT IT SPICY otherwise it will be made mild spice. The Kheer was very good as well. Nice finish to the meal.Great tasting food and easy carry out.  Food was really well packaged to prevent spills. Each package had either plastic wrap or aluminum around it. Loved the pistachio/rasin stuffed naan. Smooth texture and just not something I've had before. If I'm in the area again, I'll be going back.The food was great and the service was even better! My daughter is a connoisseur of Indian food so we figured we should try some while in Philadelphia. This was within walking distance of our hotel (even in the rain) so we decided to check it out. For the first couple of moments I was not sure how the service was going to be as both servers were helping a table that arrived after us but they seemed to realize that we needed service as well and then everything was spectacular. 
Make sure you check out the art work on the walls--- the pendulum was a huge surprise! 
Also, our server gave the best of recommendations which is always a positive! (I just wish I could remember his name!)My family took me here for mother's day. The food was fantastic, as was the service! Our server was very helpful in explaining the menu and making recommendations.I recently dined at Karma with a group of 10 Yelpers and friends for a UYE dinner. The service has to be mentioned first since they did such a great job. I'm sure the service would have been great with a small group, but it was excellent with a large group and that really goes a long way in my opinion. 
 Many us, myself included, took advantage of the dinner special. $20 gets you an appetizer, an entrée and a glass of house wine/bottle of beer. You can pick any appetizer and entrée off the menu as long as it was chicken or vegetarian. There were so many options I didn't feel limited in the least! They also had several different drink options. There were multiple whites, reds and even Yards IPA was included for the beer that evening. 
I opted for a glass of Sauvignon blanc, the Tandoori Gobhi and the Chicken Madras. The Tandoori Gobhi was baked cauliflower florets coated with a special marinade. The marinade wasn't spicy and wasn't overly marinated into the cauliflower. It was okay but not overly exciting. At least I was eating a vegetable and vegetables are healthy, right? I ordered the Chicken Madras between a spicy and very spicy level. It turned out to not be overly spicy at all. The flavor was still nice and the portion was decent, but I wasn't overly impressed by it. 
I also tried some of the Papadum and Garlic Naan we ordered for the table. I thought they were both tasty and to standard of what could be expected of those items. For dessert we each received a complimentary Gulab Jamun (thanks for getting us hooked up Sari A!). This was the first Gulab Jamun I've ever tried and I really enjoyed the deep-fried donut holes soaked in a syrup.  
So overall the food was good but not great, but the service was standout and the price was right. I'd go back for another group meal or if I'm looking for an inexpensive Indian dinner.If are hungry and looking for a mouth watering spicy Indian food... just go for it... Lil expensive though but you won't regret...Came here on a busy Saturday night with my family. We ordered paneer tikka masala, Malai Kofta, Garlic Naan, plain naan and Biryani. Biryani was very good for a restaurant biryani , def recommend it! Everything was delicious! Paneer tikka masala and Malai Kofta had the right amount of spice and flavors, (you can ask them to make it how ever you like) the malai kofta was super soft as well. Both dishes had perfect amount of gravy. 
Nice people working, and our server was friendly  and attentive too. I recommend this place to everyone who enjoys fresh and flavorful cuisine!My precise rating for this place would be 3.5, and trust me that is a good rating from a not so generous food critic like me that too for a place offering Indian cuisine  (yeah am Indian)!
It is easy to miss or even ignore Karma among the numerous other culinary delights along Chestnut, in the old city area. But am so glad that after years of ignorance and hesitation, I did give this place a try.
We went for dinner and got the dinner deal which contains 2 appetizers, 2 main courses, basmati rice, and 2 glasses of wine for $40. It was a good deal and the food was appropriately portioned for regular sized adults. Additionally we ordered kandhari naan which was a tandoor bread stuffed with sweet cheese, pistachio, almonds, and raisins, and it well complemented with our spicy curries.
Needless to say I will be back!Excellent service! We had chicken tiki masala, lamb vindaloo, bend like karma.... All excellent! We also had garlic naan. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly!No Karma!! You dont put Aloo (potato) in a Vindaloo...  You should no better!!!
So Karma is the closest Indian place to my office.. I normally go there whenever i crave for a little piece of home, Inspite of the substandard quality and tasteless music playlist.
But the last few times this has gone from bad to worse... I am not sure if its just me. Every time i eat here i get a serious case of thirst and dry mouth and ends up drinking gallons of water... This happens only after having the Karma Buffet (and every time) 
Today the pakodas were soaked in oil and the tandoori chicken tasted raw.. They said the tomato rice was basmati,, but the grains were too fat to be basmati.. I think it was Jasmine rice...
and giving Credit where its due.. The Dal is always stellar (and the reason for the star)
Edit
Oh!! and the Gajar ka Halwa was horrendous and repulsive!!!Horrible, horrible, horrible! Terrible food and service. I specifically requested my saag paneer not to be spicy and my mouth is on fire. The raita is flavorless and not to mention the four cubes of chicken they gave with our Tikki Masala. We will never ever be back. Oh, and the lady blamed grub hub for taking almost two hours to deliver our food.The lamb chettinad is out of this world at Karma. Actually, I haven't come across another place in Philly that has it. If you love sweet and very spicy, get it. You won't be sorry. Chicken tikka masala and samosas are also delicious.omg sooo good!!!!!!!!!!!! for ten bucks you get a lunchtime all you can eat!!!!!!!!!!! its so much stuff to chose from a great way to taste test a wide variety of indian food. love it!!!!! want to go there right nowwww!Great food, great staff! I have had the chicken and lamb vindaloo several times and it's always delicious. I get it with the garlic or plain naan and raita and it's really enough for two people. The small complimentary dessert is a nice touch. I definitely recommend! And remember, asking for extra spicy is just that.Good food. They are skimpy on the goat. I enjoyed my visit during off hours. The staff is really attentive!Let me start that I would've rated 3, however the fact that they were willing to accommodate making my own menu items earned them 4. The food is good, atmosphere seems fun and service was fast. The only issue I found was the constant looping of one song which was obviously playing from someone's mobile device.The food here is great and there are plenty of good vegetarian options. The dining area is windowless and a little bit dark so not the best for lunch or brunch on a pretty day, but the lunch buffet is definitely good.We went for dinner. First, the waitstaff was so nice. My friend and I practically had the place to ourselves. One of the owners greeted us and has a great sense of humor. It was my birthday and they gave us free chocolate cake (which was delicious)!
The Malai Kofta was incredible as well as the naan stuffed with raisins and nuts. They were quick and gave great recommendations. At the end of the night, we ended up chatting with one of the waiters and listening to some music from his band. They were so friendly and the food was so good, we almost went to their lunch buffet the next day!
Really reasonable prices. They also have a private upstairs area where they can hold private parties/events. I'm definitely coming back.Rating is for food only.  We dined vegetarian but looking around, all diners praised the excellent ingredient, spicing as requested (spicy!) and value.
But you eat first with your eyes.  Dishes need garnish and visual appeal.
Looks like take out poured in plate.
Sharp decor Front bar, open kitchen lead to modest rear dining with stark unbalanced tables, worn banquette seating but clean, well lit and cloth dinner napkins.
Market Street Old City abounds with choices.  Service at Karma disappoints.  Friendly greeter but waiter just took order, didn't ask about drinks, made no attempt to engage and didn't explain complimentary flat bread and side sauces or even name the dishes as served.   (Still learning the cuisine.). But he was efficient, responded to requests and got us out for theater as requested.
Definitely coming back for the food.  Superb Indian cuisine and good value. Karma could be great.  Just needs presentation, better trained staff and good karma.I went here twice: once last year and the other time was a few years ago. Each time I went, I had a great server and the food was delicious. Their garlic naan was beyond delicious.Food is amazing as usual. Honestly, I'd eat an old shoe if you put their mango chutney on it. Our waiter was beyond friendly.Hubby and I took my bff here for her first experience with Indian food! She's slightly sheltered when it comes to worldly cuisines but was ready to try something new... Karma did not disappoint! Hubby asked for his "Lamb Vindaloo" spicy and the kitchen delivered. BFF had Chicken Tikka Masala which was fragrant and creamy- the chicken was perfectly done and not stewed to within an inch of its life. I had the Saag Paneer which was also fantastic. 
The service was also great! They seemed to work as a well oiled team with various servers and other staff attending to our needs- which were few and far between- nothing better than a water glass that is ALWAYS full!
Overall, a relaxed, enjoyable dining experience with excellent service and yummy food- looking forward to leftovers!I have had dinner here a few times, and went for the lunch buffet for the first time a few days ago.  Overall, the experience was great. The flavors of Indian food are distinct, rich, and varied.  All of these qualities were apparent in the dishes at Karma.  The lunch buffet had the standards (tandoori, butter, and madras chicken), but also some unique dishes that would definitely be worth ordering from their dinner menu.  The service staff were courteous, welcoming, and always made sure water glasses were topped up. 
To get all of my 5 stars, I would want one more meat dish in the buffet and a bit more light.  The lighting level was oddly low.  All in all though, I would recommend karma for either dinner or lunch.This place has the best Indian food in Philadelphia. Being an Indian myself, it is very hard to impress when it comes to Indian food. I came here with a girl that has never tried Indian food in her life in fear of it being too spicy.
My Food: I had the samosas as an appetizer and it did not disappoint. They were perfectly crispy and not oily like a lot of other restaurants. For my main dish I had Karma mixed platter because I wanted to try something different that I never had before. If you can't decide which item you want from the tandoori section the mix platter is the choice to go with. It came out sizzling so the presentation was even mouth watering. The salmon was cooked to perfection, not too dry or undercooked. The assortment of kabobs on the platter were juicy and spiced just right. For dessert I had the Karma Delight because I like hot & cold dessert combos. This banana stuffed fried bread was complimented oh so well by the cold vanilla ice cream. 
Service: Upon arrival at this restaurant I was greeted with a friendly smile by a server named Mani (pronounced money like $$$). He also waited on our table. I mentioned to him that the girl I was having dinner with never tried Indian food and he was so helpful and nice. He went out of his way to make our experience the best possible. He knew exactly what he was talking about and made her feel so comfortable. All his suggestions were good because apparently her food was "orgasmically amazing". This Mani guy has the service I would love at all my restaurant experiences.
Ambiance: The decor is very nice with a giant mural painting in the front and various different artworks in the back. I later found out that the work was all locally made by different artists. The music was also very nice and soothing, not overbearing even though the restaurant was pretty packed. 
I also hear they have a lunch buffet so for people trying indian for the first time this is perfect. The best part is, you can't beat $10 all you can eat. I will definitely be back for this!If you want legit spicy Indian food and you live in Philly, *this* is your spot. Their "Indian spicy" is *actually* spicy, and the "Karma spicy" is amazing. I'm a chilihead, and it gives me absolutely everything I want in a truly spicy dish - post-nasal drip, tears streaming down the face, and a nice endorphin rush.
No matter what your desired heat level is, though, the food is always top notch. Vegetable samosas and mutter paneer is my staple, with the tandoori ghobi and malai khofta coming in a very close second place. But if you eat at Karma, you're definitely doing yourself a disservice if you don't try "Karma spicy" at least once - just be ready to cry.SOLID FIVE STAR restaurant! This is my second time this week coming here because the cravings were so strong after leaving the first time. In both occasions there were four of us total and we ordered three dishes which was plenty to share.
SERVICE/AMBIANCE:
Perfect for groups but can easily be great for an adventurous date as the decor and ambiance is intimate but not confined. There is a very "modern-takes-on-traditional aspect that makes everything feel high quality yet authentic. Excellent and quick service!
FOOD:
The food comes with the availability of spice levels: Mild, Medium, Spicy, Indian Spicy, and (my favorite) Karma Spicy. 
This exceptional meal consisted of:
Lamb Vindaloo** (IS) - Chunks of lamb and potato rested in a light, spicy garlic and red chili sauce.
Tikka Masala (KS) - Roasted chunks of boneless chicken in a rich, creamy, orange-colored tomato sauce.
Chicken Biryani (IS) - Flavorful and spiced pilau rice and chicken, baked together so all the seasonings transcend each other so each bite is as good as the first!
Garlic Naan - Indian flatbread definitely recommended as an addition to scoop, dip, and get the most out of all the strong dishes.
All of the curry dishes come with basmati rice to compliment and itself is quite flavorful. 
**Lamb Vindaloo was my favorite by far and would definitely suggest it if you're in the mood for light tomato sauce-based dish vs. something creamier like Chicken Tikka Masala--which could be my favorite on the right day (but always at least the second favorite).
Highly, strongly recommend.Good Indian restaurant. The server was attentive and the food was very good. I wanted chicken korma which wasn't on the menu, but I asked for it and they said they could make it. The only thing that is keeping Karma from getting 5 stars is that our entrees and the naan got cold really fast. It should have been warmer when they brought it out. But overall I'd go back if I ever return to Philly.I have been here a couple of times.  I would highly suggest the buffet.  They have meat and vegetarian options.  The only negative would be that it's not spicy, but the staff will gladly give you spices to add.  
The last time I was in, they didn't have the buffet, so I ordered from the regular menu. I sat at the bar, and some light crunchy bread (not naan) was brought to me right away.  My server was amazingly friendly.  He explained that the food in India is different from the north to the south and in between.  Being Indian, he told me a lot about life there and different spices that are used.  I was alone so it was cool to talk to someone while I grabbed a quick lunch.  I can tell that if you weren't up for a friendly chat, he would have left you alone.  
I asked him what his favorite dish under vegetarian was, and he suggested an eggplant dish.  I forget the exact Indian name, but it's basically mashed up eggplant with some other veggies and sauce.  When he asked me how hot I wanted it, he suggested ordering medium because you can always add spice and you can't take it away which of course makes sense.  
When it came out, it was good but nothing MIND BLOWING.  Again, it was good though.  I guess I prefer the buffet because how often do you find a good buffet where you get to try a little bit of everything.  
When I wanted to add more spice, instead of some sort of sauce like I expected, he brought out actual tiny HOT peppers.  It was delicious, and added a lot to the meal.
Overall, I will continue to go here.  The servers are so friendly, and the food is always good.  As far as price, some people talk about the prices being expensive.  I believe the buffet is about $11 for all you can eat and the entree I ordered was $12 (which included a side of rice.)  It's not a cheap spot, but it's on Chestnut, so the prices are what I expected.  I wouldn't say it's pricey.  I would suggest this place to anyone who maybe hasn't tried Indian food because they are very helpful and approachable.Ordered delivery via GrubHub, the chicken biryani and samosas. I'm Indian and always ask for spicy - typically it's still not spicy....this was well spiced without being overpowering, and very flavorful! Samosas were also good. Delivery on GrubHub for some reason said it would take 2 hours but when I called they assured me that was not the case, and it came within 30-45min which I think is quite reasonable.
I'm excited to see there's such good delivery Indian in Philly!Karma is absolutely delicious! Service is also great which is a plus. Naan was yummy with all of the main courses and no one I was with to dine could say anything but good remarks about the food, including me. If you're in the mood for delicious Indian food, good service, great environment, Karma is a must.Just wow, lunch buffet, food was watery, not great selection, stale soggy pakoras, gajjar halwa had no carrot, only orange coloring. Restaurant was cutting every corner possible. Walls dirty and need new paint. I would be scared to see how dirty the kitchen is. Total waste and not good atmosphere.After visiting Karma and ordering takeout on a semi-regular basis for the past year, I can say that the quality of the food has gone downhill and is nowhere near as good as it was about a year ago when I wrote my first review.  After ordering take-out from here numerous times, requesting our food spicy, and returning home to find it mild and completely devoid of spice on many occasions, we will no longer order from Karma.  Additionally, not only is the overall quality of the food extremely inconsistent, but all of the vegetable dishes we tried have an unpleasantly gritty texture to them.    I'm sorry to say, don't bother with Karma, there are other much better places for indian food in Philly.Our new favorite spot for Indian. Complex flavors, that aren't hidden by the more than adequate spice (which is usually not nearly enough at other places). Being right next to the old city theaters makes it the perfect place for dinner & a movie!Hell yeah...We stopped in here while walking by for their $11.95 all-you-can-eat buffet lunch. It was delicious!...And if you're a vegetarian, you'll dig this place as there are many options...But I'm not, so I had ample portions of lamb and chicken...You'll get your money's worth here at the buffet if you come hungry and just drink water...Quick responsive staff as well...DO IT...There are bigger tables in the back if you want to have a birthday dinner...plus a bar for drinkies...Very bad service,Food was cold and arrived 2 hrs late,will not recommended this place to anyone.Worst ever experience. Overall Food was terrible. We asked them if they could make a dish without meat in it , they said yes and the dish was ok . The worst part is , they over priced me the same dish for making it vegetarian without even stating to us before hand .Ridiculous and the food was below average . Total joke!! Will never go back there. I have gone to so many restaurants and have asked ppl if they can make the same dish without certain meats in it, and never seen ppl overpricing for that. If that is the strange rule that KARMA follows cool, they should have told me before. This is like cheating to me and top of it food was GROSS.Lunch buffet = Perfect.  The service is fantastic and the food is wonderful and fresh.They were extremely busy but we were not in a rush. The manager made sure we were kept satisfied with drinks right away and appetizer. Chicken Tikka Masala was very good as was the Lamb Korma and Mulligatawny soup. Nice staff, good management. Would definitely go back next time in Philly.Great service and food was well flavored. The menu has a lot to choose from but we stuck with the chicken tikka (tandoor) and the chicken madras. Both good!Very good! I particularly appreciated the helpful way our waiter helped one of our party accommodate her allergies - he kept her informed about every dish he brought out. She and her dad were both pretty unfamiliar with Indian food, and with the staff's advice they ended up loving their meals. I'm vegetarian, which of course was no problem here - the Tandoor grilled vegetables were excellent. My husband had the Goan Fish Curry and loved it as well.I should probably mention that I've only gotten the lunch special for takeout at Karma since I work right across the street and can easily pick up my food. For delivery at home, I have to order elsewhere since Karma is a bit pricey for that. However, with one of Eat24's frequent coupons, the chicken lunch special is pretty affordable, and one of the tastier lunch options in Old City. Working in Old City and frequently forgetting to pack lunch means eating lots of hoagies and pizza and halal cart food if you don't want to spend a ton of money, but every once in a while, you just want something different and more satisfying.
With the chicken lunch special, you get a container of a typical Indian chicken dish--probably about half the size of the full portion you get from most Indian restaurants, which might look small at first but is actually a very good portion; a container of rice; a side (in my experience, dal or curried chickpeas); a just-right size piece of naan; and a dessert (usually a sweet rice pudding or something along those lines). The chicken tikka masala is quite possibly the best I've had anywhere, so I always request that and get it spicy (while they don't say this on the menu, you can actually specify which chicken dish you want and they will oblige--or you can just leave it up to them). I tried the butter chicken once and it was good, but didn't even compare to the tikka masala. The side and rice and naan are always good as well, and everything together makes for a very filling, flavorful meal. I don't usually finish the dessert (it's just not my taste most of the time), but that's really just a personal preference, and one of my co-workers will usually enjoy it if I don't. The slight uncertainty in exactly what side and dessert you get (and chicken dish if you don't specify) adds a little element of surprise, which is fun when you get so used to your usual options within these few blocks.
My food is always ready on time, and the staff are friendly. I definitely recommend picking up a lunch special from Karma if you're nearby and want a taste of some really good Indian food!This is our neighborhood Indian place and we finally got around to trying it after purchasing a Restaurant.com gift card. We had the naan, samosas, chicken tikka masala, and chicken saagwala. Everything was delicious - the saagwala was favorite. It was definitely on the pricier side (almost $20 an entree), but they have lots of coupons on their website, or you can always go the restaurant.com route.I eat Indian food all over the country, and it usually boils down to the skill of the chef. This place has a gem of a chef who know how to get it right. As an Indian, I can usually tell when something is askew in an Indian meal. The vegetarian thali includes mulligatawny soup or salad, mixed vegetable pakora, 3-4 vegetarian items, rice, naan, raita, and kheer (rice pudding) for $11.95. Excellent value for what you get. Excellent service too. I'll definitely be coming back.Great food, good ambience, good service! I would recommend the malai kofta, paneer butter masala, paneer tikka.its a fair 3 star. Decent, a bit too pricy for what they actually put on th table. Really. Staff seemed very bored. The mango lassi was the highlight of the day :) Good food, but had definitely had better.My daughter Saidas birthday  dinner was amazing.  Moni waited on us he was very helpful, friendly and kind to us I will be back soon thank you 4 a great night]Indian people have told me this place is the best in the city, so that lends some authentic street cred.  I'm not big into Indian food so I'm not sure, but I do know the food is consistently fresh, above average quality, and well prepared.
The buffet is great if you're on a budget.We went here for dinner on a Wednesday night at about 7 PM. The place was quite empty. The decor was understated kitsch. I probably wouldn't even have noticed it, except I found myself staring for the whole two hours at some type of weird painting/installation that hung behind the heads of the other diners at my table. I think the owners missed the mark on that one. Of course, these are the same people who named their restaurant "Karma" in the first place.
The food was tasty, and my Indian pals say that it is pretty authentic. The entree portions at least seemed more Indian than American, which is a plus in my book. I also tried their Indian iced tea, which seemed to be a twist on the Long Island. I would say it had too much schnapps. 
However, while the food was tasty, the service was bland. Beginning with the appetizers, our dishes weren't named for us when they were brought out, and generally set down in front of the wrong person. That would be forgivable if it were packed. But since it wasn't, I thought it came across as lazy. We also asked for boxes, and got tifin-sized styrofoam cups that it was hard to fit all the food in. I usually don't mind packing my own take-out, but this was so much work it definitely put me off.  
Perhaps I'll try this place again for the lunch buffet.I'm giving this review based on service and take out. I was really impressed!
I came in at 9pm to order food to go and immediately was greeted by a very nice gentleman. He offered me a seat at the bar while I looked over the menu and he poured me a delicious cocktail. Very much appreciate that I can get a drink while waiting. He was very helpful as he went over a lot of the menu options with me to help me choose and I feel as though I got exactly what I was looking for based on the recommendations. Another gentleman checked in on me while I was waiting, equally as nice as the first guy. 
The food, even after I finally got home, was delicious!! The flavors were there and the quality was too. You can tell they care about the food and put on the effort. Also, the portions were a great size. Definitely worth my dollars. Needless to say, I will be coming back with friends to eat in and have the full the experience.Just moved to a new location - still have some kinks to work out. BYOB for now. Food is always good / staff is friendly!Definitely not bad, but there are better options out there. I had a little delivery mishap, and the person on the phone was not helpful. He said something along the lines of "We will try to get it to you when we can." which is... "?" in my opinion. Anyway, it just seemed like they don't do much delivery, and it was pretty disorganized.
The food (when it came), was luke warm, so I heated it. The chicken tikka masala was fine, but the curry was not as creamy as I would have liked. The naan was fine too. Now, the delivery came with papadum, which Ekta and Tiffin do not do. However, no dipping sauces! 
Another thing, the place is definitely pricier than its rivals, so I'll be back to try the buffet but no more for delivery or dine-in.A group of 6 of us went to Karma today for lunch.  Included in the group were several adults from India, so I am relying on their comments for part of this review.
First, we arrived at 11:30 which is when the restaurant opens for lunch.  The door was open and we were seated (in the very back which turned out to be a good spot close to the buffet).  We could easily hear one another until other guests crowded the room; that happened starting at noon.  
Second, they were still putting food on the buffet when we arrived, so we had to wait about 10 minutes to start filling our plates.
The Indians in our group started ordering various breads.  I am not sure if other tables received these breads (I was not paying attention), but they were good.
The wait staff is not that fast at removing dirty dishes.  There was plenty of staff; they just were not paying attention.  They were also a bit slow filling empty or near empty water glasses.
Now to the food.  It was clearly fresh and varied, but my Indian friends said it was just so-so.  On a scale of 1-10 they gave it a 4-5 (hence my 2 out of 5 star rating here).  They said it was not authentic Indian food.  They did praise the dessert, a custard with fruit in it.  Often it is too sweet, and this one was sweetened to perfection; I must admit it was good.
The team compared the lunch at Karma with a lunch they had a few weeks ago at Inde Blue.  Yelp customers give Inde Blue a 4.5 star rating, but my friends were not impressed.  They were even less impressed with Karma.