I'm going to start with saying that Kensington Quarters served the best wild boar pasta I've ever had. The place has a 1940s butcher shop/restaurant feel to it. The service is quick and perceptive, although I came with a larger party no one sat with an empty glass or plate. The food is what new American food should be, clean, delicious, and innovative. Definitely recommend this place.My first time at Kensington Quarters on Friday May 27th. What surprised me , no let me be more specific what confused me was seeing all the beautiful meat in the front case, the only beef option was a burger O.o O.o 
When the kind waiter tried to explain the concept, well I'm still not clear why there is no other choice but burgers. 
My first reaction was insult, just for a half a second, until I got on board with their choices ordered the sword fish, a fish I hadn't eaten since the 80's. None of the other meats offered 
on the menu interested me.
My entree was delicious, the asparagus was cut very tenderly in small pieces yet still maintained the crispness while the sauce was velvety smooth, the swordfish was cut
in pieces which made the dish visually appetizing. 
It was disappointing eating fish while up front in the case, a perfectly trimmed and cut NY strip steak or Porterhouse was just waiting for me to devour it. 
Now would someone please explain this restaurant to me, I was thinking if I bought a piece of meat could I request it cooked by the kitchen for a price of course?
One last thing, the cocktails and wine, my guest and I had a cocktail at another establishment before deciding on trying KQ, so I didn't want to drink but a glass of wine with my meal.
The glass selection was fine, the glass I ordered was good, a red wine, which I prefer to white
but I wanted a white glass of wine. The only other glass was a sherry? 
I wasn't familiar with the kind of sherry it was, I think of sherry it reminds me of a tiny little glass
to drink. I'm only familiar with the amazing sherry vinegar made in Spain. 
Now here's the bad stuff, my guest ordered a Pimm's Cup, just by chance at the other establishment as we were about to order a second round, I was drinking Blue Sapphire and tonic my guest a scotch drinker , I asked the very knowledgeable mixologist if she could make a Pimm's Cup. When she responded favorably I was surprised she knew it. 
So my new favorite knowledgeable mixologist , mixed us up two Pimm's Cups, the most delicious I've ever drank, my guest in full agreement.
My guest liked it so much they ordered one at Kensington Quarters.
To our disappointment, it was a disaster, the color, the lack of garnish but the taste 
was not even close. I admit, it's not a drink ordered often this side of the pond, 
so we both agree to let it slide.
Now back to my original question,
Can someone please explain to me the idea of this place ?
I did buy a bag of beef jerky for my dog who is pictured in my profile, 
she lovvvvved them.
Thank You for a fun evening, the staff were exceptionally pleasant 
Even when I grilled that poor waiter about the place. He was
so kind and patient with me. 
The entire experience was fun, I want to go back but do I have too 
buy the meat and cook it home?
I guess that's an option, 
The display case is soooooo beautiful a carnivore's jewelry case.Loved my birthday dinner at Kensington Quarters! The outdoor patio is a beautiful spot to have some delicious food and wine and catch the sunset with a large group, and if you're lucky the entire patio will serenade you with the sweet musical stylings of the birthday song when the waiter brings out dessert with a candle!
Our waitress was super helpful and guided us in the right direction with which specials to order and which to skip (appreciate the honesty) and which rose would pair well with our first plates (and was affordable). The bartender mixed up some delicious drinks, compete with dramatically clapped thyme and even took requests for mocktails and no egg whites.
The food! Everything tasted so fresh and flavorful and  the portion sizes were just right! 6 ladies shared:
- 6 month aged ham special with snap peas- this ain't your Easter ham. Thinly sliced and nestled within crisp veggies in a light vinaigrette.  Perfect. 
- The swordfish in delicious butter sauce you'll want to eat with a spoon. Crisp radishes and asparagus and greens bathed in butter. Favorite entree. 
- Beet salad- bright, refreshing, with delicious cheese sauce which was put on the side for our pregnant friend).
- Baked brie with pesto sauce and pine nuts- gooey deliciousness.
- Pork shoulder with potato cakes - so tender and delicious. 
-Lamb Bolognese fettucini- so good and a large portion.
- Mushroom lasagna- great flavors,  but not my favorite. 
- Kouign Aman- flaky croissant like pastry with cardamom ice cream and pistachios. Perfect end to the meal and not too heavy. 
With 1 bottle of wine total came to $40 per person with tax and tip which was a great value for all that we got!  Highly recommend, definitely worth the trip to Kensington.Truly a great dinner.
At this point in my life I don't eat a lot of meat (a bit of a "save the planet" combined with a bit of a "don't hurt the animals"), so when I go to a restaurant in order to eat something like a burger or a pork shoulder, it better be exceptional - and here they both were. My wife thought this burger was the best she'd ever had - it was truly great - no toppings other than some fried veggies required!
This restaurant is not pretentious, includes their own butcher shop (hence the amazing quality of their meat), and the dishes overall are top notch. The accompanying vegetables and such were fresh (I believe farm-to-table) and perfectly cooked.
Will definitely take friends here when they visit.Worst poached eggs I've ever eaten (I've had hard boiled eggs that were runnier than this). When I asked the waiter about it, he laughed and walked alway rudely. Unfortunately the tip was included.Terrible service and staff lacking knowledge.  2 pregnant women dined here and staff was not sure which items on the menu contained unpasteurized products.  We were given different answers depending on who we asked.  The menu is overall extremely limited.  Food  was average and pricey.[This review in its' entirety appears on my blog: www.fare-game.net]
The décor is clean, bright and industrial, with exposed pipes and metallics but also brings that butcher aesthetic with a thick wooden bar and tables. Bartenders and servers also wear full aprons, as if they're prepared to step behind the butcher counter and break down a lamb or pig at any moment. An open kitchen and windowed butcher fridge give the place an expansive and accessible feel.  There is also another bar and classroom upstairs that have not officially opened yet.
We sat at the downstairs bar across from the butcher counter and ogled the variety of meats offered while ordering drinks. KQ offers a select choice of drafts, cocktails and wines. While perusing the menu I saw a whole pig get brought in, wrapped in paper, put down on the butcher block and start getting broken down.  If you are not a meat-eater, I hazard to guess this sort of ambience is not your thing and would recommend sitting in the back seating area (but I personally thought it was neat!).  Non-meat offerings are available as the menu is divided into "small plates," "starches, grains, greens," and "entrees."   But like the carnivores that we are, we were there to get some tasty animal flesh!
We stuck to the small plates menu so we could try a few different things.  Here's what we sampled:
 - Maitake Mushroom - the mushrooms were served two ways: as part of a puff pastry that included carmelized onion, and lightly sautéed on a bed of mixed greens with a blue cheese garnish both crumbled and as a sauce on the side. The tart was light and airy and worked well with the subtle blue cheese (gorgonzola dolce I believe) sauce. The whole mushrooms were sautéed to perfection, with the ends having a nice crispy texture. The meatiness of the maitake paired with the crumbled blue cheese and mixed greens and was umami-heaven.
- Rare Beef - [Beef sourced from Wyebrook farm in Honey Brook, PA and Perry County Land & Cattle in New Port, PA]  Rare is not an understatement! With only a slight sear on the outer edges, this reminded me of a tartar but sliced into thin strips instead of finely chopped. Served on top of toasted sourdough and a bed or arugula and dressed very simply with a subtle hint of horseradish, parsley and lemon, the flavors were bright and really allowed the beef to stand out as extremely fresh and flavorful.
- Lamb Ravioli - [Grass fed Lamb sourced from Double Brook farm in Hopewell, NJ] This was a special not on the regular menu, and I'm so glad we chose it as it was by far our favorite dish of the night. Lamb meat and lamb liver were combined into a light and airy mousse within the pasta, tossed in a brown butter reduction and rosemary and topped with aged goat cheese. Seriously all I can say is WOW. This was like a flavor bomb exploded in my mouth! The layers of richness and texture, the strong slightly bitter taste of the aged goat cheese shavings, the soft texture of the pasta combined with the nutty brown butter, and the decadent velvety metallic tang of the liver and meat mousse was just pure perfection. I'm not sure how long this special will be available but I'm deploring you to get it while you can, or better yet KQ, add this to your menu!
Our bartenders were attentive and extremely helpful and kind. We were full on the 3 small plates items but I would like to go back again and try an entrée next time.  KQ is a bit pricy; I wouldn't be able to afford going here all the time but I was extremely satisfied with the portions we received for the price.  I was hoping to get the skinny on when the upstairs classroom will open but they're still in the planning stages with that, the bartender noted.
Kensington Quarters is a great addition to Kensington and I highly recommend it to my carnivore friends!Incredible food. One of the best burgers I've ever had. Great design as well. Highly recommended.Edit: The manager got in touch to thank me for my straight forward review and offer me a gift to make up for the matter. You almost never see that kind of class and appreciation for customers, and it completely makes up for the small inconvenience at dinner. Coupled with the great tasting food, drinks, enjoyable ambiance, and now, top notch service, I feel good upgrading this to 5 stars, it is deserved. 
--
We ordered the meat plate for four. Three of us ate it and were not full. We politely questioned the server about this undesirable circumstance and it was only then that she said people usually order a couple of starters with it. That would have been nice to know ... at the start of our meal. 
BUT. The meats themselves were pretty good, especially the steak and sausages.The service was fantastic and the food was good. Good ambiance for a dinner. Fun menu. I thought the grill plate great value for a family of five. Would go back again!I ate dinner here on a Friday night and had such a great experience. I noticed this place as I passed by a few weeks earlier and was drawn by its appearance. The service,food and decor go perfectly for this up and changing neighborhood. 
Everything is butchered in the restaurant and has a very authentic farm to table feel. The outside seating is where their hidden gem is really at. Try this place before it gets super crowded!Clearly I'm in the minority but I found this place quite pretentious. The waitress was a bit condescending when I asked "no steak on the menu huh?" And she replied "Steak? Eh noooo" as if I were in a vegan restaurant and didn't just pass a butcher counter filled with beef(and a see through locker with hanging cow)The menu was limited and I ordered the beet salad. It was ok but Franky Bradley's reins supreme for roasted beets. For entree, nothing appealed but the pork chop special but that was $55 so I had the mushroom lasagna per many Yelp reviews. It's was bitter and bland and dry. The bf got the burger it was ok. 2 stars for the cocktails and interior. 60 minutes and $150 later, no thanks.Holy paycheck!
Super expensive and comically tiny portions. The food was thankfully -excellent- - we had the minuscule duck entree, burger, mushroom toast app and tiny squash pizza slice  - tiny beer was $7. With 20% tip was $89. 
Shame on us for not checking prices first.... we would have found a different place but we were on a timeline. Have since found out that all Fishtown restaurants are expensive except for dive bars.Boy was I pleasantly surprised for our first trip to Kensington Quarters! I honestly had no idea what to expect. I mean it's a butcher shop but also a restaurant so I really had no idea what exactly to expect...but I was thrilled after our meal! 
First off, the space is really nice. Yes, you walk into a butcher shop but the space is well designed and all of the meat is kept safely behind glass windows. After we sat down in the back, I noticed what looked like a very cool patio that I already can't wait to check out in the warmer weather. 
We decided to share everything which is always the best deal. First to come out was the rare beef with horseradish, sour dough and arugula which was a great start to the meal. The meat was tender and the combination of the horseradish on the bread with arugula was just perfect. It was so bright! Nice start. We then split the pastrami with zeppoli, red cabbage, candied squash. I loved this dish. The combination of flavors were wonderful but really it was the pastrami that was a standout. It melted in your mouth! 
Next were the pasta dishes. I'm not sure who is responsible for making the pasta in  house but lets just say, they know what they're doing. The pig brain ravioli was outstanding. It was rich in flavor but light at the same time. This might have been my favorite dish. Next up was the lamb sausage pappardelle. Again the pasta was perfect! I also really enjoyed the sausage. It was full of flavor but not too salty. Fantastic. 
We finished with the pork shoulder. The shoulder itself was unreal. The char on the outside, the tenderness of the meat...I could go on. It was all perfect. For me, I just didn't love what came with the pork. The potato torta just didn't do anything for me or add to the dish in any way but honestly, that's totally ok because the meat was heaven.  They could have just put the meat on a plate by itself and that would have been fine by me. 
Needless to say, after all of that food, we couldn't even consider dessert but have every intention of coming back soon so hopefully next time we'll save some space to check it out!Excellent steak. Excellent potatoes. Excellent kale. Excellent drinks. Excellent service. Excellent biscuits. What else can I say. Excellent atmosphere. The spicy carrots wasn't spectacular. Everyone seems satisfied. Recommended.You guys, I have to say, I was not blown away by this place! I have been meaning to go for quite some time, trying to attack the top 50 restaurants in Philly. The fiance and I finally had the opportunity to go and I was able to easily make a reservation a few hours before on a Saturday night (first red flag?)
The atmosphere is great and the service was fine. Everything else failed to impress. From the wine to the charcuterie to our entrees. Don't get me wrong, everything tasted GOOD, but the portion size to price ratio was just not worth it. I felt it was way over priced for the quality and experience. 
I'm happy we tried it, but can safely say I don't think we'll go back. There are too many other places in this city worth experiencing! This is on the list, but a one and done deal.This review is for the butcher shop. It's great!! I grew up in the meat business and I will only buy real quality and they are all about it. From quality hamburger to goat chops it rocks. It's not cheap but it's wonderful value. Try there house made charcuterie all of its special but the homemade pepperoni was a revelation!Two words - parsnip ravioli. I have not written a review in years (?) and I back to review this ravioli. HOLY COW! Well, no cow, since I don't eat meat. However, I will still be back to Kensington Quarters for another night of melt in your mouth ravioli (best in my life) and some other pretty taste veggie dishes (baked brie, pear&radicchio salad, harissa carrots). Definitely NOT a cheap place.Took my parents here for dinner. The drinks were delicious and the food was even better! All 3 of us have been dying to come back for the food. It was maybe a little over priced for the portions but still good!We had lunch here today first time ever here and I must say it was excellent.  I ordered the mushroom frittata and the soup was an almond and watercress gazpacho.  everything was delicious just a bit on the salty side which I like but you could probably ask for less salt in preparation.  The frittata was served with a salad of mixed greens it had a very light amount of dressing that was absolutely the most delicious dressing I ever ate!  it was lemon/lime with just a slight hint of sweetness.  I could have had a heaping plate of those greens and nothing else.  Also served with two slices of sourdough bread with ovoo drizzled on them.  The frittata was good as well.  The food is a bit pricey but the atmosphere is pleasant service was very good the restaurant very clean.  Definitely worth it.The food is really good and they serve large portions. The fried chicken was awesome and the mixed grill is delicious and comes with a ton of food. Definitely worth the money.it's pricey! We have no problem spending money at good restaurants and regularly do, but the problem is the portions are incredibly small for the money. Also it's a butcher so why can't I order from many choices of meat?!  One ribeye choice for $75. Takes some guts to put at $75 steak on the menu. This isn't rittenhouse square gentsI really wanted to love this place but....Unfortunately, I didnt. The food was mediocre and HIGHLY over priced. I started with the mushroom toast and the Hungarian Sausage. The mushroom toast was legitimately 1/2 of a piece of toast piled with mushrooms. It was o.k. yet definitely not worth the spend.The sausage was tasty yet you can get the same quality sausage at frank ford hall around the corner for 1/2 the price.  The drinks have interesting names but for $15 I would expect more than the portion and the amount of ice in the drinks. My date had the baked cheese "entree" and by the time she was done she said that it was an"ok appetizer" . I had the pork chop due to the reviews I saw about it. It was overcooked and not too flavorful... Again, I wanted to enjoy this place sooo badly but if you want to spend $100 plus tip (including a couple of happy hour items) , there are many other quality spots in the neighborhood that you can get a higher quality meal.This place is a class act. I told the bartender that there's really no reason to go downtown anymore.
We had small plates: the cheese plate and the beef carpaccio. Both were outstanding! This is the second time I've had small plates there; the first, one back in December was a fantastic parsnip ravioli. I can't remember what I did 10 minutes ago, but I remember that I ate parsnip ravioli at Kensington Quarters in December. 
I had a drink called the Herb Garden: Gin, Yellow Chartreuse, and mint. It was an interesting mix of refreshing summer flavors with a proper amount of gin, unlike many bars that offer house drinks akin to children's drinks that belong in sippy cups (yes, Parc, I'm talking to you). 
This is the second time we've been to the bar, and from someone who has had many cocktails in many bars, I'd put this up there. The bartenders are professionals who take pride in their craft. 
We are looking forward to heading back there again!Based on the yelp reviews and a recommendation from a friend I reserved a table for dinner this past Saturday night. We were seated right away by the very friendly hostess. Passing by the windows of raw meat hanging from hooks on our way to our table was a new experience. Love the atmosphere though. Cocktails were all yummy. Since it was our first visit we went straight for the mixed grille so we could try everything. My party and I agreed that every single piece of meat on that plate was cooked and seasoned to perfection! Just wish there had been a lot more. For a party of 4 hungry people it wasn't quite enough. So then we ordered the ravioli, more crispy potatoes and beat salad. Also very delicious. Our waiter was super sweet. I'll be back.I came here for dinner at 8:30 on a Wednesday night, and there were no tables for two people so we had to sit at a high top placed pretentiously next to a window looking into a freezer with meat hanging on a hook, which is annoying. Plus, the seats annoyingly dug into my back and the tables annoyingly didn't have foot rests.
Also annoying was that the Yelp price range of $$ is not very accurate, at least for dinner. The per-person price for app/dinner/drink is more in the $$$ range, and $$$$ if you opt for the steaks, etc.They claim that their dinner menu is mostly small plates and shareable, though that just seems like an excuse to be annoying and double the price of what are essentially sides, since everyone ends up ordering the entrees anyway. Also, any beer over ~5% ABV is served in a 10 oz. glass rather than 16 oz., which is both annoying and kind of snooty. 
Despite all of this, the food is very, very good, which may be the most annoying thing of all.My second visit here. The Philly weather just caught a glimpse of spring. Patio sitting  in settling sun felt so good. Dining tapas style allowed for sampling multiple dishes. Food was great. Drinks were cold. Service and ambiance perfect.Kensington Quarters is my new favorite spot in Philadelphia; a bold statement, I know. 
Let me start off by stating the obvious: probably not your best option if you are vegan, seeing at this is a butcher shop and meat-centered restaurant! Yet, if you are a carnivorous meat-eater, you will likely fall in love with this place. As I did.
My boyfriend and I dined together and decided upfront to split at least one selection per menu section. I recommend this, as I'm not sure that they have a tasting menu and everything was absolutely outstanding and worth sampling.
CHARCUTERIE: Head Cheese
Warning- this is not cheese! What an amazing cut of meat, though. The cabbage slaw and fennel mayo were absolutely amazing. I can't say more. You must order this.
SMALL PLATES: Roasted Sunchokes
What you might expect from the description. This dish was also prepared extremely well. 100% recommended.
SMALL PLATES: Grilled Beef Heart
Not on the current online menu, but let me say it was my FAVORITE dish of the evening. What looks like a small portion is completely packed with flavor and the meat is just so tender. OMG, I am still dreaming of it.
PASTA: Cannelloni
Seriously outstanding, I am speechless. The goat ragu paired with the goat cheese is incredible. Must. Order.
ENTREES: Pork Shoulder
While this was prepared to perfection (you can cut the meat with a fork), it was my least favorite of the evening. Still amazing, still highly recommended.
We passed on dessert; way too full at that point. But they have a great beer/wine/cocktail list, as well, so this place is really just a win/win.
To make  it a win/win/win, the décor is totally cool and industrial and clean, and I LOVED it. The staff was also super courteous and knowledgeable. And great.
I will definitely go back....when can I go back!?I came here for restaurant week in NoLibs/Fishtown and left feeling stuffed and happy. We made our reservation around the time of happy hour, which made us even contemplate whether to do restaurant week because their prices were so great. However, we decided to stick to our original plan.
To start I got the beet salad with almonds and ricotta. This was so fresh, bright, and surprisingly filling. My friend got the charcuterie board which was small but the chicken liver mousse that was plated oh so beautifully was one of the better ones I have had. 
For my entree I got the pork with the potato latkes and lemon curd. This was good but not mind-blowing. The lemon curd seemed like a superfluous addition and in my opinion did not complement the dish. The pork was a tad too crispy, but was full of flavor. Although is a meat centered establishment my favorite part of this dish was the potatoes.
For desert I got the brownie with mint ice cream. The brownie was alright, what I really didn't enjoy was the ice cream. Using fresh mint, instead of peppermint flavor almost seemed to clash with the brownie. 
Overall, the ambiance, food, and food were above average. I just think next time I'll just come here for happy hour and get some appetizers.Always great to see another restaurant in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area. 
Great cocktails and concept. A few inconsistency issues however. Service was good but we never received bread. The outdoor seating was nice but we were under constant attack from flies and swarming ants.
The charcuterie plate was nice as well as the spelt with bacon. The pork entrée was ok. The plum tart with Brie ice cream was phenomenal. 
I was surprised that a butcher shop/restaurant didn't have any steak. I honestly don't mind spending over $100.00 per person as long as the experience meets expectations. Unfortunately they fell short here.So I'm back again and I can say that the food has gotten better! it's clean and refreshing and the bar has lots of options! I'll definitely be back for more of their happy hoursAmbiance is great! Nice open space with lots of natural light. My memory is a little hazy in regards to food... except! The mushroom toast!! (In which I haddd to share with the bf) I had the burger for an entree, but wished I just ordered two orders of the mushroom toast! (And no, I wouldn't share even if I had two orders)Good fresh produce, great flavours. Charcuterie board had a great selection of local meats. Main course of pork perfectly cooked although vegetables slightly over salted. Good sized portions. Homemade sour dough was excellent. Friendly service. A good choice if you're in the area.Came in for a drink and appetizer while out on a fishtown foodie adventure. Great ambiance and impeccable service. My husband and I were craving a spicy margarita and the fantastic bartender made us a special off menu spicy marg with muddled long hots!!! Absolutely delicious!! 
Now the reason for only 3 stars. It pains me to say this but the beef tartare was the worst tartare I've ever had. The tartare texture was that of ground beef, ground through a grinder instead of hand chopped. That sticky dry texture was immediately of putting. It lacked any sort of flavor dimension (no yolk, no mustard, no capers) but most of all it wasn't even salted properly. The tartare is paired with house fried chips which had a prominent taste which overpowered the tartare and if the tartare has been good the chips really would have taken away from the dish instead of complementing the beef.The restaurant was empty at 5pm. We sat at a pub table in the bar area. Our waitress was the bartender. Service was quick. During this time, the butcher brought over a plate of 3 slices of housemade mortadella (one for each of us). 
I tried the kielbasa and the fried chicken. I thought there would be more cuts of meats since it's considered a butcher. Regardless, the meats we did have were great! I bought some Andouille sausage to bring home. It's $10/lb, and I got 3 links for $8.15. I think that's a pretty good price for the quality.Finding parking here is difficult because it is in the heart of Northern liberties. Staff was great, very friendly and professional. Atmosphere was nice open and not too crowded. I was really disappointed by the food for the price. Got their lasagna for $18, came out looking like layered puff pastry with sauce in the middle, and did not taste good. My friends got burgers which they all said was not worth $20. Overall too pricey for what they give you. Would not come here againKQ is an amazing restaurant, one I always recommend to anyone visiting Philly. Food, ambiance, and service...yes yes and yes every single time. Special shout out to Tim, the GM, who checks in on tables throughout their stay and ensures a consistently great experience! This place is special. Go!Made another appearance at Kensington and I'm upping my stars. The mushroom toast is divine!!! Perfectly toasted bread, garlicky, salty deliciousness.  Perfect start to a meal! Then went on to have spaghetti pomodoro. Yum Yum Yum Yum YumKQ was above and beyond expectation. As we walked in the door the smokey grilled meat aroma lead us to our table and got us excited for what was to come. We had an idea of what we were in for when we made a reservation at the dual butcher shop restaurant but Kensington Quarters is so much more than delicious, delicious meat. (Which they have plenty of) 
Tim Kweeders wine list is exciting and memorable to say the least. Slightly sparkling PetNat Chardonnay from the Finger Lakes with heirloom tomato toast?! Yes please! 
Beautifully chilled white port with peaches and cream panna cotta?.... I will return for those final bites alone. 
Our awesome server (Andrew?) recommended the shaved lamb leg from the charcuterie section and thank god he did because it was one of our favorite plates of the night. 
A+ all around for Kensington quarters. We can't wait to go back!No longer a fan. Quality ingredients and pricey. After four times of eating here and enjoying my meal, I came back and but they undercooked the burger after we asked for it medium well and pork chop was over cooked inside and tough to chew. I don't think I will be coming back.Friends! Come here for a weekday happy hour 5-7, you won't regret it. My partner and I stopped in on a Wednesday night (the last cool-ish evening before summer really kicks it up a notch) and sat in the back patio. It was not crowded at all (16 adults and a few kids in a space that holds at least 50) and the service was top notch. 
We grabbed a $5 happy hour beer-a really tasty Gose from a brewery in Fairmount-and happy hour cider- the KQ burger (on sale for $10 during HH when usually 20!) and shared the crispy fries. The garlic aioli on the burger and fries was out of this world, and the Kobe beef was so flavorful. We didn't try anything else on the menu, but the burger alone would make me come back again. Great meal!Kensington Quarters was one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. It's a butcher shop/restaurant in Fishtown. The burgers were awesome. Their bread, they bake their own, is as good as Brooklyn, if not better. Sourdough and focaccia was off the hook. PLUS...they have some of the best local beers on tap...amazing dining experience. Would go back in a heartbeat.This place is close to perfection. Food, drinks, scenery, staff and decor are all top notch. I usually go on Tuesdays for their crispy chicken special. If you are starving, go for this dish solo but this is enough to share. Cherry on top: KQ has a nitro beer line. PerfectionVery cool concept with a butcher shop on site. High quality food prepared to perfection. Staff was knowledgable and friendly. Decor was refined. Cost was on par with the high quality of the food and service. Great addition to Philadelphia's restaurant scene.I had the most lovely meal last night at Kensington Quarters.
March 10. 78 degrees. A twinkly-lit and spacious outdoor patio. A glass of cider. And the best damn burger I've had in months (maybe years!).
What makes it the best damn burger?
1. Incredibly fresh meat. You can see the dead cows from inside the restaurant.
2. Perfect meat to bun ratio.
3. It fit in my hands. No mess, no fuss. 
4. An incredibly savory special sauce that sings.
5. They have a charcoal grill, so you get that backyard flavor. 
While my burger came out a little more medium than medium rare like I had ordered, it honestly didn't matter. The flavor was there. And to me, that is big.
Served with pickles and a small portion of rosemary potatoes, this burger will leave you full and immensely satisfied-- but not feeling like you overdid it. 
I am eager to return to KQ.Came here yesterday with some friends and absolutely loved it! It's in a butcher shop which gives it a very interesting vibe (though don't be fooled there are enough veggie options for those who prefer to veer away from meat). The decor is really nice - everything is made of wood, which is quite rustic and prepares you for a hearty meal before you even sit down to eat.
Everything we had was incredibly delicious. For starter I had the chicken terrine (about 10$) which is made of chicken gizzards. I ate it with the bread provided for the table and was in appetizer heaven. For the meal I got the lasagna (16$), made with rich mozzarella and the meat from pork feet - it melted in my mouth! Some of the people with me were a little turned off at the thought of eating pig foot, but when they tried it they were immediately sold which speaks volumes about the dish. The butternut squash also really stood out for me - very very well made and came with a side of sliced pears. I tried various other dishes from the table as well and was impressed with them all so you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There are 4 desserts and we tried them all - the dark chocolate was a little spicy for my palette, but the other 3 were so good that I couldn't stop myself from dipping my spoon in despite already being incredibly full.
Our waitress was very patient with our many questions and super personable and funny - she really completed the whole dining experience.
You definitely need to give this place a try!Such a great experience at Kensington Quarters. We were a few minutes earlier for our reservation but they were  ready. The tables are reasonably spaced so that you aren't feeling claustrophobic. The environment is energetic (read: loud) on a Saturday night but we loved that. 
Starters - heirloom tomato salad, brie cheese pot, and beet salad. - ALL Delicious. (The heirloom tomato salad comes with sausage which is a great combo)
Meals - Dry Aged Bone in pork chops (were reportedly delicious), burger (best I've ever had), and pork shoulder (very tender/tasty).
Dessert - The Chocolate cake with mint ice cream was amazing (real mint in the ice cream)
We will inevitably go back.Very COOL place!
KQ Burger.
Head Cheese Grilled Cheese. 
Hungarian Sausage w/ Mustard, Kraut & Potato Salad. 
Everything was OH SO GOOD!!
The perfect spot to get your MEAT ON!!Kensington was out of meat they only buy one cow a week according to the waiter. Burger was good but very skimpy amount of potatoes. They also charge for bread even know we had salad and ravioli too. Won't be back and suspect they won't be around for long.Not my thing to give three stars, but for this place I can't give more... I hoped that the restaurant must be really good, I was buying meat and eggs from butch cheer shop and liked the quality. This place has a new concept and nice layout over all! But... Food was not what we expected, bottle of wine was a big disappointment, plus service was awkward... Wasn't that bad don't get me wrong, but when you ordered bottle of wine for $52 you do expect the right year and right taste of it. We receiver one year younger wine, asked our waiter and he couldn't pull out the answer, than the manager came and said something unclear that it's not there fault... I believe you better change the menu then... The small plates were great, we got lamb leg, beets salad, fritters and cauliflower, very elegant presentation and tasty. For main dish we had very flavorful chicken, nice seasoned pork chop, but so much fat and the actual pork meat was triple less the size of pork chop, delicious mushroom lasagna and the pork shoulder which wasn't great as other plates, no flavor no seasoning at all... Also it's weird that butcher shop restaurant don't serve the steaks, staff said because they were sold out but it's not true at all, every time when I stopped by they have steaks for sale and they could've have one plate for Saturday night dinner! And after we received our check I saw a bread in it, than I asked other waiter if you offer bread, the answer was yes, but our waiter never brought... So that was another little thing which gave not pleasant experience at Kensington Quarters... So sad to give only three stars but this place need improvement, better service and matching wine list... Good luck! And we will be back to give a second chance.The food, the ambiance, the service -- all get A+'s in my book.  Really enjoyed a night out here.  The restaurant/butcher is a cool and unusual concept and they execute each dish with precision.  We really enjoyed each dish that came out and were only disappointed that they were all out of a chocolate/peanut butter dessert that sounded amazing.  Just means we'll have to be back.Went here with my fiance last night as part of several places we hit in Fishtown for dinner. We've walked by KQ several times and it was always on our list of places to try in Fishtown. I have to admit the experience was disappointing. The staff were friendly and it was a cool space. They had a solid selection of beer/wine and cocktails as well. The problem for me was that everything about KQ screams overpriced. This is evident when you take a look at the butchers area at the entrance. They had eggs listed on the board. $7.00 for a dozen. I know people aren't realistically going to buy it, but if you're even offering that it puts a bad taste in my mouth. We got a few small plates, but all the food on the menu came off as too expensive for what was offered. $95 for their featured steak? I have no problem paying for good food, but this just didn't strike me as a place that should be charging that much for a steak. $15 for a cauliflower plate that was barely more than a couple bites? We got the KQ burger as well. The meat was very good. But for $20 I just expected more. I would have wanted something more substantial or more creative at that price point. The potatoes that came with it were decent as well. But again, would have wanted more for that price point. Overall I'm glad I checked this off the list, but I wouldn't go back. You're better off walking around the block to Mulherins if you want a great dinner in the areaKQ is wonderful, from the friendly service and open space setup to the coffee and dynamite food. The menu is a bit pricey but it's one of the rare restaurants where literally every item seemed great. It's super easily accessible by the Market-Frankford Line and they have great happy hour deals. 
I'd say that next time I'll try something new there for some variety but honestly, the KQ burger is just too awesome to pass up. Simple yet elegant with a really nice sauce to bring it home. (Highly recommend ordering some sauce on the side for dipping with the fries.) And its only $10 during happy hour!(To the tune of "I Believe in a Thing Called Love" by The Darkness [confession I may have reviewed to this song before, but I LOVE IT])
I can't explain it, all the things that make up a perfect meal
But thinking 'bout this meat, my god I'm shocked that it's really real.
Feeding you, feeding me....
Eat some zucch then charcuteriiiiiieeeee 
Fishtown holds this local gem
And we're all happy that it's there
Feeding meat lovin' women and men
From well-done to pink, red, rare!
Take one bite and you'll know it's love
Oooooh!
Want that kielbasa, burger, steak, and pork liver pateeeeeeeeee.
I've got those meat sweats bad, but everything is A-oKAY!
Feeding you, feeding me....
Eat some zucch then charcuteriiiiiieeeee 
Head to Frankford for lunch or brunch
Hey, you could even just go for the drinks
Sip some vino, apps to munch
Perfect outdoor space, methinks
Take one bite and you'll know it's love
Oooooh!
I've been to KQ for meats (Pricey, but delish), apps, drinks. Never an actual full meal, now that I think of it, but I've had enough friends come home clutching their full bellies to know it delivers there, too. The ambiance is great, the outdoor garden area is gorgeous, and their cocktails are top notch. You don't go here for a cheap night out, but you do go here for quality, and I've never left disappointed.Epic meal! We had the mushroom toast, which was out of this world, and the beet salad to start. The pork shoulder was delicious!Thank you for knowing how to cook a burger! It was perfect and worth every penny. Beet salad was awesome. Got the brownie sundae dessert... Why was that so good. If I ever need a pms fix; I know where to go.... Only thing we didn't care for were the pickles.. Can't rush a good pickle. But can't wait to go back for more burgers.  And beer  :-)Went on a Saturday, they have amazing charcuterie plates (get the mixed charcuterie- you get everything and it is all delicious!), I especially loved the pate with honey. 
My date and I shared the scallops and pork loin, and we were blown away by both. The pork loin comes with cabbage sauteed in some sort of mustard sauce which was beyond any expectation either of us had. The scallops came salted and with squash which was a great compliment, and though it was delicious, we had never had a pork loin as good as this one! 
For dessert we had an amaro flight. We had never had them before but they gave great recommendations which were all delicious in different ways. Definitely converted us to amaro lovers.Great place to eat in Fishtown, the service was fantastic, food was delicious and the atmosphere and design of the place was great!After numerous amazing dinners at Kensington Quarters, I decided to host a surprise birthday party in their upstairs room for brunch. Let me say, from start to finish was way beyond my expectations. They were so accommodating and very helpful! They certainly know their stuff. The actual party was more than fabulous! All the guests raved and even called later that night for introducing them to Kensington Quarters. The food, service and atmosphere was 100% on point!
Here is a shout out to Sarah and Tim for all they did to make the day so special!Visited this restaurant with friends and out of town colleagues. Both the food, and the warm atmosphere are wonderful, and the wine list is extensive. I really enjoyed the pork shoulder. I don't know the name of our server, but he was really friendly, attentive, and competent. Kensington Quarters is in a cool part of the city, and when you come here, prepare to enjoy yourself.Just dined here for the first time and everything from the service to the food to the drinks to the atmosphere was excellent. We started with the shaved lamb leg which was excellent. Then we had the zucchini ravioli and the baked cheese with pesto which also unbelievably delicious. For entrees we had split the burger and the pheasant lasagna... Also delightful. The burger was rich and incredibly rich and the pheasant lasagna was definitely different but excellent. The corn in it sweetened the dish in a way that was unexpected but also brought it all together. Also, the Sangiovese offered on draft tasted like very good homemade wine and really enhanced the flavor profile of the burger. I am definitely looking forward to returning.I was lucky enough to dine at Kensington Quarters recently. The restaurant was at a remarkably low volume of patrons when we arrived and we had our choice of tables. We chose to sit outside on the back patio on what was an absolutely lovely night. We had a nice view of the Frankford El train passing in the nearby distance every few minutes. We sat under the low ambient lights of the strings draping overhead and were tantalized by the smell of the smoker working out back on something that seems to have mystified everyone we asked. Our waiter thought it was the pork shoulder, another server corrected him and said it was corn, and yet another thought it was cheese. We never got confirmation but the enigma made me inhale deeper and more often which was just fine with me.
I tried their special which was a Buttermilk Dipped Fried Chicken. It was perfect in every way. Deliciously flavored (neither under nor over seasoned). The breading was thin but solid and well coated. It adhered to the meat in just the right way. The portion, a half chicken in the form of a breast, thigh and a drumstick, was far too much for one serving but it'll make a great left-over served cold or warm.
I also had the Pork Shoulder which was served with Collard Greens and a Potato Torta. The pork was equally as good as the fried chicken. It was smoked and had an excellent combination of meat and fat. It wasn't overly large in size but it was plentiful enough to satisfy the appetite. The collards were pan fried to the perfect position of soft and slightly oily but still firm and full of their natural flavor. I could have done without the torta--and in fact I didn't finish it. It was a little too chewy and lacking in taste and who needs the empty carbs.Better then expected! We go the sampler appetizer and burgers both were fantastic! Service was right on and the place was super clean. I can't wait to go back.One of the best farm to table and seasonally sourced establishments in Philly. 
Note that for many reasons buying local is expensive but the value goes beyond the monetary. 
I am so glad to have this gem in the neighborhood and I look forward to dining here again. 
Thank you, Kensington Quarters!This message is brought to you by MEAT! Let me tell you....if you live near Kensington quarters and you are still purchasing your meat (especially your bacon) from anywhere else you are making a terrible mis-steak!! Every time I've visited the butcher shop I get a lesson from the employees. They always give me the low down on which farm my meat came from and where it's located (always extremely local). They have an abundance of knowledge on how to prepare my purchase and which heating method to use for cooking it. It's expensive but oh so worth every nickel and dime! And the bacon pretty much melts in your mouth....i literally barely had to chew.  
I've dined at Kensington Quarters once and it was really great. My favorite part was probably the cocktails which were perfectly balanced and crafted for maximum yum! The food was interesting and well prepared but it was quite pricey so I don't think I'll be back for a while until there is another special occasion to celebrate.Great staff great cuts of meat and the butcher shop and meat window are a nice touch.  Went here all the time when I lived in FishtownOne of the best burgers ive ever had. Same with the friend chicken. great service. really cool modern feel inside. will be back!A bit loud.  Walking past the meat hanging in the butcher portion is a bit off-putting.   And for a butchery on site - they had very few meat offerings.  Very strange! And the meat offerings were quite overpriced.   Found it weirdly affected.   Unappealing pairings.  Odd spices - seemingly just to be trendy.  For some reason they were adverse to offering sugar for the iced tea ... and brought a simple syrup which made it undrinkable.  They claim to be farmhouse but the menu selection of mussel toast and sword fish seemed like anything but!  Clearly some people love this because it got very nice reviews on other sites.  Was not for us!Truly spectacular.  Space is wonderful, food nothing short of fantastic.  I've been there twice so far and certainly expect to return soon.Came here with a friend about a month ago. Had a ravioli and chicken dish. We both felt that both dishes were incredibly delicious... But they were fairly small portions and pretty high priced. 
It seems like this new place is testing out various menu options and pricing as they feel out their niche in the area. I'm excited to see what they evolve into. 
Nice atmosphere, helpful staff, nice decor, delicious food... Just a bit pricy, especially for the area.The food was excellent. The staff was amazing. The only draw back is its a little pricey but defenitly worth the money.I enjoyed the beet salad which is served with spiced almonds, tarragon and feta.  I also had the mushroom lasagna (mycopolitan mushrooms) tomato sauce and porcini bechamel.
The service is excellent in the dining room but there is room for improvement with the level of friendliness at the Butcher's counter.
That said, I am very impressed with the selection at the counter and am a big fan of the brown eggs they sell, which have an orange yolk, not a pale yellow one like the ones at conventional gross-ery stores.
I buy the raw dog food from their freezer section and the quality is high, but so is the price. Actually, I really like this place but the prices on everything are high so I don't go there as often as I'd like. If you have the extra scratch and need to treat yourself, this place will not disappoint.This restaurant is in an awesome space. When you walk in, you're greeted at the butcher shop. Parking was difficult I must admit. The food was no less than wonderful. The steak tartare was absolutely rich and delicious. A generous portion of melt in your mouth beef served with house made potato crisps. I would come back here specifically for this menu item. Next was the best salad. Smoked red beets and pickled golden beets with goat cheese, greens, and toasted pumpkin seeds. It was an excellent salad and a large portion. Charcuterie platter was full on house made treats: duck sausage, head cheese, soprasata, braunschwager, etc. The duck sausage was my favorite. House made Hungarian sausage was next. Served with hot kraut, scallion, and spicy mustard; again made in house. It was so rich and delicious. Rounded out the meal were two excellent desserts. I wasn't thinking much about dessert at a butcher shop, but it was top notch. Hot chocolate, which was like a hot chocolate soup with a house made marshmallow on top. It was an amazing dessert. Chocolate overload. Oven cake with an earl grey tea sauce and pistachio nuts was also a very enjoyable dessert. Staff and management were excellent. Open kitchen, I spoke briefly to the chef and he was more than kind. The only problem with this place was the parking. We had reservations for 5:15, and the place filled up fast.i had been dying for months to come here after finding them in the Philadelphia magazine and following them on Instagram. And I have never been so pleased in my whole life. I work 6-7 days a week and this happened to be my only night off. For last minute Christmas shopping. I decided I had to go, invited the best man in my life, my father, who is always open to new tastes to join me. By far one of the best dad daughter nights in a long time. The service was so on point and the moment you walk in you're greeted even by the array of kitchen staff and butchers. You feel so warm and welcome I cannot wait to go back! Thank you so much Kensington Quarters!I've had KQ on my bookmarks for awhile so while in town for lunch I took the opportunity. The things I loved about the restaurant are the decor and design. The displayed charcuterie and cuts of meat give it real authenticity. The lunch menu was a bit lacking though. It was a very short menu and my ham, egg, on ciabatta just wasn't impressive. The bread was just too thick to enjoy. My date did really enjoy her mushroom frittata so I'll assume the best. I'll probably come back and try again.This was an odd place with a hard to understand menu, in which cheap side dishes and main courses are all mixed up and it's hard to figure out what's what without help from the (attentive, warm and intelligent) waiting staff. 
I opted for the burger which was presented suitably rare, even blue, which I loved. So often places shy away from truly rare meats, and this is an acid test whether they have confidence in the quality of the meats. Kensington passes with flying colors! 
However lose a point for the pretentious menu and the sacrifice of comforting food combinations for the sake of cool, weird and novel. I'd like to see more of a concern with providing square meals with veggie and side options that complement them. I'd rather know what I'm ordering. Save creativity for the food, not the menu.My boyfriend and I have been here twice and had very good experience, food and service was great. But not this time. We went there for dinner yesterday, sat at the bar, ordered wine to start and charcuterie plate and then lamb and duck dishes. Charcuterie plate didn't look very appealing, it was 4 kinds of sausages and some kind of meat in the middle, sorry to say, but it looked like dog food( we didn't know what it was, cause nobody described it then the food was delivered). One kind of sausage was ok, we ate that one, we tried to taste the other once, they were horrible, very fatty, mushy and no fun. We were too scared to try that chunk of meat. Bread which came with the meat was very tasty though. Bartender checked on us, we told her our honest opinion about it and that we didn't like it, that we used to see prosciutto and dry cured meats on the meat plate, not something like this. So she took it away, cause we were not going to eat it. Then the lamb and duck dishes were delivered. They were ok, last time we had exact same dishes and way were way better then this time. We didn't feel like ordering anything else, so we asked for the check. The bill was $94, I think it's pretty pricey for 2 glasses of wine, 2small dishes and the meat plate( which we even didn't eat cost $25 by itself). I work in restaurant industry and then someone is not satisfied with their meal, we usually take it off their bill, it wasn't this time. We still left 20% tip for bartender. Left the place not happy and sad to say that we probably won't be back here again.Great food, great concept, great staff.  My favorite place to go.  I even bought a shirt.  The butcher is the only place I buy meat nowadays, and I love going to get some drinks at the bar and ordering 6 or 7 small plates.  Going to be a great Labor Day thanks to the butcher!  See you Friday at noon!Everything was wonderful. The ambiance and service was great. The beef tartar was my favorite. Pretty cool Spot!I went last night with my husband. We were very impressed. They have a good selection of beers - good variety. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive. The food was delicious and beautiful. We sat on the high tops between the kitchen and the butcher. Not recommended if the site of hanging meat hurts your appetite, but we thought it was cool. It's pricey, but it's worth it. We're happy to have a place like this in the neighborhood for sure.Delicoius Charcuterie! ...Gouda, pate, smoked lamb, pickles and bread were sooooo soooooooo good! Not thrilled with the pepperoni, but overall...Yum! It tasted even better because it was complimentary. We appreciated that they did realize that an hour and a half is too long to wait for a pulled pork sandwich and a BLT. Despite the flaky service, we will definitely be back for the tasty food.Good spot awesome concept but not that filling.....
Atmosphere - unique kinda like bodyworks but with food...
Milk Stout - awesome.....
Shaved Lamb Leg - good but like pastrami with hot peppers
Grilled Ham - dreamful bacon great flavor
Meatballs - for a dago no bueno, really greasy and the grits added interesting texture
Pork Shoulder - awesome with the mustard and hot sauce and even the green stuff....
But at the end Ima need a bowl of cereal before bed...Very overpriced and small portions. While the space is beautiful, the upcharge on meats is insane. Just drive to Wyebrook yourself for fresher, cheaper prices. The bill was close to $300 by night's end for four hungry folks. 
I also did not appreciate our waitress, who gave us unnecessary attitude multiple times during the night. I was especially annoyed when she became irritated with us because she had no idea what "dry aged" meant. If you're gonna tout yourself as a butcher in a meat-centric restaurant, hire a staff who understands various meat preparations...or at least is friendly.We had a party of 10 and they had no issues accommodating us. Food was AMAZING, fair beer selection and lots of wine on tap. Everything we ordered was cooked to perfection and ridiculously tasty. Baked cheese, Hungarian sausage, mushroom toast, potatoes, spicy beef, KQ burger, fried chicken, ravioli and my personal favorite braised short ribs!!!!!
You will not be disappointed, this place is an absolute gem!!Save Kensington Quarters for a special occasion if you're on a dinner date budget. (That's still a compliment to KQ). 
We shared the spicy carrots (A+) and then ordered a burger (A++++) and kielbasa (B). Kensington Quarters does meat and spice perfectly. The spicy carrots were dreamy, the hamburger was the best I've had, and the mustard with the kielbasa was nose-tingling and delicious.
Portions aren't gigantic, which I'm not complaining about. Many American restaurants overdo it, in my opinion. 
It's high quality, fine dining that you'll pay for and adore.Had a really nice meal here with the SO before a show at the Fillmore. We made a reservation for 6pm but its a big space so I'm sure we would have been fine without. 
This place doesn't look like much from the outside but it is truly beautiful inside! I love the open butcher area, it makes you feel like your meal is being thoughtfully prepared. The garden out back is also very beautiful and there are plenty of different seating options depending on what size your group or preference is! 
Our waiter was great and recommended two cocktails to us. We each ordered one and they were really good! 
We just shared everything Including the baked cheese, roasted carrots, kielbasa, KQ burger, and a side salad. 
The winners were the unbelievably juicy burger with crispy potatoes as a side and the melt in your mouth scrumptious baked cheese- one of those times you wish it was socially acceptable to lick your plate clean! 
If you have any room left, order the apple tarts- omg so delicious! 
The rest of the food was good, but the portions were not particularly large and seemed lacking with the vegetable dishes. 
Overall the service was wonderful from start to finish and the food was timed well- we left happy and full!Hands down best BRUNCH in Philly as of this month.  Only open Sundays, which I do hope will change.  Perfect build out of the space.  Really nice attention to detail throughout.  Menu is short, but everything is great.  As of yet, not crowded. I want them to continue doing brunch, so I hope that might change, and I hope they do Saturday brunch as well if it makes sense for them.  
Their butcher shop is also good.  The eggs, although a touch expensive, are literally the best quality and best tasting eggs I have cooked with.  Broth and butter are also good.  Have only purchased a couple pounds of meat. They were of high quality, with sustainability and animal welfare considered.  I have eaten at Wyebrook farm, and actually prefer this shop.
I know this sound like I might work there or own it, but I don't.  Things might change, but this is how I feel today.Fantastic meal! 
From the pantry our table had the sourdough bread, beef tartare, fried chicken, parsnip ravioli and the charcuterie. We were served focaccia bread on the house, which was oh so tasty. 
Sourdough bread comes with whipped lard and fermented cabbage, which was great. Beef tartare comes with chips and was a creamy texture (I've never had it before..really good), fried chicken had a chili glaze, lightly fried, juicy and delicious! The parsnip ravioli was one of my favorites of the night with Malachi cheese, mmm! The charcuterie was good with duck liver pate with pistachio, cured ham and a few others. 
For dinner we had the spicy beef, the lasagna, and the KQ burger. The lasagna was huge!! All were delicious!
We got three desserts of dark chocolate pudding, caramelized almond cake, and sourdough apple fritters. I liked them all! It's hard to choose a favorite because they were each so different. The pudding was thick and rich, served with crumbled cookie, nice combo. The almond cake was served with a cranberry curd and mascarpone. The apple fritters were served with vanilla ice cream and caramel. 
The service and food were wonderful and I would come back again.To be fair, Kensington Quarters didn't really match my expectation of what I thought they were planning for it, so I might be a bit biased. Our meal was good, but nothing special. I had an issue with my entree which they corrected and then comped our dessert.  Everything was decent, but nothing was stand-out, and it was a bit pricey for the experience.Shared the charcuterie and mixed grill plates. Everything was cooked to perfection. The perfect amount of food for four people. The GM brought out Amaro for the table at the end. A great place to meet up with friends and share plates.The servers knew absolutely nothing about what was served. The seating arrangement is horrible and can't accommodate if an extra member of your party joins and wow. Holy crap. This place is just unfairly expensive. Honestly, go eat at Johnny Brenda's or next door at Bottle Bar East. This place sucks. Philadelphia residents, AVOID!6 of us came to KQ last night and I feel like we sampled virtually every menu item. Everything was delish....meats, veggies, pastas, the bread, dessert. My friend said her duck was one of the best versions she's ever had...this is coming from a well-travelled woman who dines out a lot, so this is high praise. Another friend was equally thrilled with the pork shoulder. Our server was so sweet and attentive, as was the manager who stopped by the table. We left full and happy!Came in with my boyfriend as a spur of the moment and wasn't pleased at all with the menu. We ended up ordering a drink each and yogurt simply because we actually wanted to eat actual food that didn't  include eggs or toast. 
I must say the place itself is pretty nice, our waiter was attentive and helpful. Overall, the scenery was pretty decent, staff was great, the menu didn't have much of a selection; maybe if we were to go for dinner it would be different but for brunch we should of went somewhere else. I gave this place 3 stars only because the staff was great.My boyfriend and I went to KQ on a Thursday night. Lucky for us it wasn't too busy and we were easily seated. They do offer reservations if you want to go on a busy night. Everything from start to finish was phenomenal. First off, the staff was absolutely wonderful. They were super attention to our needs and eagerly answered any questions we had. 
We started off with a few appetizers - The Mixed Charcuterie, Hearth Baked Sourdough, Mushroom Toast, Spicy Carrots, and Zucchini Ravioli (yes, we had a lot, don't judge). Everything tasted great, but the Zucchini Ravioli was THE BEST. They just melt in your mouth. I don't remember the last time I said MMH so much in one bite. It's a must try! The Spicy Carrots were also a pleasant surprise because I'm not a huge fan of cooked carrots. These were banging though. 
For the entrees, I ordered Pork Shoulder and my boyfriend got Pheasant Lasagna. Unfortunately, they ran out of pork shoulder and offered pork chops for the same price. Again, both dishes were phenomenal. The lasagna wasn't what you'd expect. It was made with the thinnest slices of pasta (if it was even that??) and filled with lots of meat and cheese. 
For dessert, we had Breton Butter Cake. I'd eat this all day if I could. It was the perfect amount of sweet, chewy, and creamy.
I highly, HIGHLY recommend this place!!! Hats off to the chef, Katie!Came for Philly wine week with friends and had to practically beg the waitress to explain what the offering was for wine week...they were also sold out of most wines. The way it was promoted didn't seem accurate. The service was horrible, food and ambience were top notch.Kensington Quarters is great place to get drinks but for dinner its a no go, the portions are way TOO SMALL. It doesn't justify the price. I left there still hungry after ordering the duck, the lamb entree, and spicy carrots. Everything was tasty but geeez way to pricey for a tiny bowl of lamb and three little pieces of duck. What a ripoff. The atmosphere is awesome tho especially the outdoor patio. If you have money to blow just order tons of stuff and have a good time but I recommend going somewhere else.I had been looking forward to trying Kensington Quarters ever since I relocated to Philly a few months ago. I finally went with a group of friends the other weekend to celebrate one of their birthdays. 
We arrived on time for our 8:30 reservation on Saturday night and were told it would be a few more minutes, so we decided to order drinks at the bar. Time continued to pass, and the host came over several times to give us updates on the table that they had intended to seat us at ("they're finishing their meals" ... "they're paying now" ... and so on). These must have been the slowest diners in existence, because we were finally seated over 45 minutes after our reservation time. 
I know these things are often out of the restaurant's control, but they took care of our round of drinks at the bar and started us out with two small plates on the house, so we really appreciated their effort to keep us happy. It's clear that they don't want these types of hiccups to keep people from coming back.
The two small plates included the mushroom toast and the baked cheese. The mushroom toast consisted of sourdough bread topped with garlic confit, a cheese made from sheep's milk, and (obviously) mushrooms. I'm not a huge mushroom fan, but I actually really enjoyed this and thought it was very flavorful. The baked cheese was a warm brie with pesto and more garlic, plus focaccia to spread it on. This was also really delicious--but then again, what isn't there to love about a ramekin of warm, gooey cheese?
I chose the KQ Burger as my entree. The burger is served on a brioche bun with raw cheddar and a chili garlic aioli. It also came with a small side of rosemary potatoes which were tasty. The meat used in the burger was obviously high quality and the combination of flavors was good, but I don't know that I would necessarily get it again (wasn't blown away). 
Since it was a birthday celebration, we decided that dessert was necessary. I chose the panna cotta with fresh peaches and shortbread. It was light, refreshing, and a perfect end to a summer meal.
Overall a good experience. Our waiter was very attentive, I really liked the space, and the food was pretty solid.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The brunch is great and the fried chicken and sparkling wine they serve on Tuesday night is so good. 
I can't wait to try Steak night on a Sunday.RESTAURANT  3.5 -stars
BUTCHER   5-stars
** RESTAURANT REVIEW **
Eat here for the quality of the meat not for the quality of the food as a whole.  I am obsessed with grass fed meat and the nuances of taste that local animals provide.  This is the real reason to eat here.  If you don't care too much about that, then I'd eat elsewhere as the dishes themselves don't wow and the meat is really the star.
Roast beef small plate: Actually quite large and a good deal.  The meat and bread were outstanding but the sandwich as a whole didn't come together.  The finely grated horseradish falls off the top.  They need to incorporate it into a spread that binds the whole sandwich together and melds all the flavors.  
Pork shoulder: Fantastic, slow roasted, incredibly lean meat.  Potatoes were dry and greens had a good sauce but so little of it.  There needs to be more sauce to drag the meat and potatoes through.  Again, nothing binds together on the plate.
Carrot and radish salad: Not good.  A large pool of carrot puree slathered under the salad tasted like baby food.  Who wants to drag delicate, cold lettuce through an equally cold very thick puree?  It just made no sense and was not edible.  The radishes were really fresh though.  I rarely dislike a salad but this missed the mark.
Olive oil cake:  The cake was great but there was so little of it because it was overwhelmed with seeds, and cream, and brittle.  Tone it down.  Just give me a slice of really good olive oil cake without all the bells and whistles.
Extra points for bubbly water on tap.   
** BUTCHER REVIEW**
I purchased flank steak, pork loin, port tenderloin, pork cutlets, and eggs.  All were fantastic, some of the best I have ever cooked.  The butchers know where and how the animals were raised.  It is not just a bunch of bs that you get at other places that label things free range or grass fed and have no idea what that means.  Anywhere else in the city where I have gone for really local fresh meat only sells frozen pieces.  This is a real butcher shop where they are hacking away at the whole animals in front of you.   
The meat is expensive.  But it is so fresh, rich, and nutritious tasting that I don't need to consume as much of it as I would of a lesser quality meat.  So yes, I am paying a more but in the end it is healthier and I don't have to buy as much of it.  This is not in my neighborhood but I have made weekly trips there and will continue to for all of my meats.Butcher Update: the best Italian sausage I've ever had.This has become one of my favorite places in all of Philadelphia. I bring friends from out of the area there; friends who are from Brooklyn and have enjoyed meals throughout Europe. I've brought my kids there for brunch. 
Standouts (which will be everything I've eaten there): fried chicken, burger, Dutch baby, all the happy hour specials and small plates, incl. mushroom toast, parsnip ravioli, mixed charcuterie, pork head cheese. Their specialty drinks are excellently crafted and strong (I don't like sissy children's cocktails); the Aficionado is my favorite right now. We usually sit at the bar and the bartenders are always friendly and professional. If you're skeptical, go to the bar, order drinks, and try the small plates before committing to a large plate. Cheers!We had a delicious brunch there.  It was raining but we sat under and umbrella outside and ate delicious foods.  Their pastry manager Katie came out to chat with us and was a delight to talk to.  Overall a great experience.Dinner here was just really awesome. To start with, the wine list is really interesting and definitely off the beaten path.  We had a Charbono from Kivelstadt Cellars that was very nice - very earthy and not a fruit bomb like many CA wines.  We started dinner with the beet salad and the beef tartare, both of which were very tasty.  We followed up with the pork shank special, and the longanzina sausage.  The pork shank was amazing - crispy cracklings and tasty pork on top of collard greens and grits with a seafood sauce around the edge.  The sausage was also really tasty, with a spicy mustard and really nice sauerkraut.  Service was great, attentive but not overbearing at all.  Highly recommended!I've been here twice, and both meals were excellent! Just 2 "need to know" notes
-For a butcher shop- the pastas were fantastic! and fresh!
-For a butcher shop- you can only order a steak on Sunday? (kind of a let down for a Saturday night)Met friends for brunch. It was a beautiful day, so we sat outside. The staff was friendly and attentive. I ordered the fried chicken with a side of potatoes and a Bloody Mary. The chili glaze on the chicken was delicious and the chicken tender. My friend had the PORK SHOULDER BENEDICT. The pork was melt in your mouth tender. I look forward to my next visit. It was a very enjoyable experience.I've been here once before for the charcuterie board and drinks. Amazing. Decided to try it for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. Listen. This place is awesome. They know what they're doing. Bloody Mary's are spicy, the pork shoulder eggs Benedict was one of the best benedicts in town, and the scrapple french toast blew our minds. Service is great. Do try to make it out.Frankford renaissance central.  I don't even recognize the neighborhood anymore, but I digress.
Oh my, is this place gorgeous, or what? The interior is Scandinavian cool with lots of airy open spaces, wood and metal.  Two bars.  Wine taps (Amen! Small-ish pours though). Butcher shop. Open kitchen. Chic bathrooms.  Farmhouse tables. Rustic modern elegance. Wines, beers, and cocktails well curated.  Not cheap.
Service was informed, full of recommendations and friendly. Loved the complimentary sparkling water. Always a plus in my book.
Menu options were, as expected, very meat friendly - but not its sole focus, though we ended up ordering that way.
The rare beef and pastrami small plate absolutely sung.  Simple, plated gorgeously - and yum-ville.  The rare beef, a slight play on a beef tartare.  Seared on the outside, raw and served on a crunchy sourdough bread with lightly dressed arugula.  Perfection.  The parsnip ravioli?  Hello LOVER.  Delicate and just melted in your mouth.  I would have ordered three plates of the stuff, and wiped them clean if I could have.
The entrees, however, are where things fell just a bit flat.  A pork shoulder cut (which seemed to be entirely too fatty) not properly cooked through (scrumptious torta, though), while a beef bottom round was cooked perfectly, but the dish did not have enough dimension or contrast with its complimentary sides.  We arrived at 8:15 for an 8:30 reservation and did not leave until nearly 11, so dinner progression was a bit slowed - which I can just chalk up to growing pains. Also, wish that the bottled wine list had a bit more of a wider price range. 
Definitely looking forward to a revisit, if just to nibble on their awesome small plates and while away the hours on their wine taps.This is a top quality butcher shop which high end locally raised cuts of meet. I went in for stock which was made in house and was of the highest expectation. I have not dined here but j must say that all of the products from their butcher shop are high quality and of the utmost care. The shop can be pricey but you are definitely paying for the quality which is second to none.The wonderful smell of their BBQ greets you as soon as you come in!
I got the beef tartare and Calkin's Creamery baked cheese (brie). Both were outstanding! Service was a little slow for the low volume of diners in the restaurant at the time, but overall the dining experience was great! We sat upstairs and had a nice view out of the big upper level windows. This restaurant will definitely stay on my list of great Philly restaurants!I can't speak to the butcher part of this store, but the restaurant portion of this place is wonderful! We ordered pork shoulder, tagliatelle, mushroom lasagna, charcuterie plate, and desserts and everything we had was perfect. Happy hour at the bar between 5-7 for food & drinks as well!Positive - well prepared and well plated food.
Negative - went here on a Friday at 7:30PM and was advised they were already out of the KQ burger then over the course of the next hour our server kept coming back to let us know they were out of more menu items. I acknowledge there is always a certain risk you assume when trying places like this so it's important to go in having the proper attitude about it but running out of menu items on a Friday evening when you claim your business is also a butcher business and you are your own supplier of meat is simply silly (unless it was some sort of plaidshirt conspiracy where they tell different people at different tables that they are running out of different menu items to force them to come back at least one more time if they don't get to order what they want for dinner). Either way I'm declaring shenanigans on this place.This place exceeded expectations. The last time I came here I had the burger which was cooked exceedingly well.
Inside it is very clean and the staff is very courteous. 
Will be returning again to try out more and more of the menu soon.What is a pescetarian doing in a butcher shop-themed restaurant? I asked myself the same question, but when a group of friends wanted to get together for dinner here, I couldn't pass it up. 
I was thoroughly impressed by the non-meat offerings they have! While there aren't too many options for vegetarians to choose from, the dishes I had were nothing short of amazing! I loved that they had a delicious bread basket and salted olive oil for us to snack on before the meal. As an appetizer, I had the butternut squash which was delicious. The dish was a mix of sweet and savory with the squash itself a little sweet and the leeks adding a salty flavor. So good! For my entree, I had the parsnip ravioli which was great. The pasta itself seemed homemade, and the pureed parsnip filling was very flavorful. I will say that I was a little disappointed by the portion size, but our server did warn me that the pasta dishes were on the smaller side. I'm glad I had the appetizer as well, or I might have still been a little hungry. For dessert, our table shared one of each. My favorite was the lavender and pear tart. This was one of the most amazing desserts I've ever tasted! It had a nice light texture with a delicious chocolate-crumb shell. I will definitely come back for this dessert alone! I also liked the panna cotta and the olive oil cake. I wasn't a big fan of the chocolate, chocolate, chocolate because the chili pepper in it was a little too spicy for my tastes.
Our server was so attentive and nice. She answered all of our group's questions (we had so many!) and was so helpful at describing the dishes! She also recommended a good beer for me.
Five stars for an excellent meal and great night out with friends!Stopped in on a whim with my boyfriend to share a bite for brunch. We decided to splurge on the steak and eggs ($22 is a bit more than I'm used to spending on a single brunch entree) and then added on a small charcuterie plate that had beef salami, venison pepperoni, and headcheese. The steak completely stole the show. The ribeye was cooked perfectly to medium rare and is very possibly the best piece of meat I've ever eaten. The potatoes that came with the meal were to die for and the chimichurri was the perfect accoutrement to the dish. It made me sad that I agreed to share. The charcuterie plate was really interesting - a first time order for both of us. We enjoyed each of the meats and the craftsmanship behind them. Vegetarians or those who don't like to know where their food comes from might want to avert their eyes away from the windows that show the meat hanging in the cooler, but I was fascinated by it. Definitely glad we stopped in, and hope we will be back soon for another steak!Beautiful outdoor eating area for nice weather. Food was delicious as well. Complaints are that there were very limited options for meat- I mean this is a butcher and there was literally ONE meat dish on the menu, a basic steak. The other is that it is overpriced. For the value and quality of the food, would probably consider elsewhere next time.I don't get the criticisms of this place, if in your opinion its too expensive there are a ton of cheaper options in the area. I am confused as to why Kensington Quarters should be cheap just to "fit in" with the neighborhood. Maybe what the neighborhood needs is an upscale place for people to go to dinner. Cheaper restaurants and places like Kensington Quarters can certainly co-exist and thrive in each other's presence. 
The space is really nice and the staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. We arrived for an early Friday night reservation and were immediately seated. The cocktail selection is good, not overly large but not small either. They have a number of wines available along with a number of draft beers. We ordered a cocktail and a beer and both were very good. For appetizers we went with the raw beef and the spelt and bacon. Both were exceptionally good and I wish that we had more of each. For dinner we went with the skate wing and the pork shoulder. The skate wing was very good and the accompanying cauliflower was awesome, couldn't get enough of it. The pork shoulder was amazing as well, perfectly cooked, it was not dry and was brined to perfection. The accompanying potato tortas were awesome and the spinach was a superb accompaniment as well. Unfortunately we did not save room for dessert because we were stuffed but we plan to return in the near future, we live right down the street and Kensington Quarters is a great addition to the neighborhood.
For the 2 of us, a few drinks, apps, and dinner was $120 with tip which is pretty average for a nice night out in Philly.Amazing place to get some good meats. Came in for dinner on a Friday night with 7 people  We got a bunch of starters for the group.  Then ordered the Delmonico steak special, the mixed grill for 4 and to top it all off the burger.  Everything was absolutely delicious! The burger was truly the highlight though.   Not recommended for anyone who doesn't eat  meat... vegetarians should stay awayGreat vibe and service. I got the duck and would highly recommend, but the Brussels sprouts were the showstopper.One of the best burgers I've had in a long time! A bit pricey but worth it for a cool atmosphere and great service. Good beer list and fresh, locally sourced food. The tar tar was also excellent.I came here two weeks ago with my boyfriend on a whim. We were planning on going somewhere else, but the wait was too long. As we were walking around Fishtown, we noticed this new spot. We went inside to check it out, and after enjoying the show the butchers were putting on and chatting with the friendly hostesses, we decided we might as well try it.  
My first impression of the space was that it had a very cool atmosphere and interesting set up. A bar and butcher area are on the left and right side of the entrance, the open kitchen area and meat storage in the middle, along with a few tables, and seating in the back. There also appeared to be some seating upstairs. Perhaps a party room?  
We ended up sitting at the hi-tops in the middle, right where the action was. We were able to watch everything coming in and out of the kitchen on the one side, and the butchers slicing up pigs on the other. While it is certainly not a good spot for the faint of heart, I thought it really added to the experience. We couldn't stop taking pictures! 
The staff there was all on top of their game, knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive. Although we had one main server, everyone attended to our needs. If someone noticed we needed more water, for example, they came over to fill it. Unlike many places that have that sort of collaborative serving, we didn't feel overwhelmed by waiters and waitresses constantly bothering us, nor did we feel as if our waitress was not taking care of us. Like I said, it was clear that we had our server, and everyone else was just there to provide a helping hand. 
The food, although not great, was very good. When our food came, I admit that I thought it would not be enough. The portions did seem rather small. I ordered the brisket special and my boyfriend ordered the lasagna. I regret not taking notes, because I don't remember everything else that was served with our meals. My fears of not having enough food were ultimately unfounded. The portions ended up being perfectly sized because the food was so rich. 
Although Kensington Quarters has a definite hipster feel to it, it didn't seem completely inauthentic. The staff are friendly and seem to really have a passion for what they are doing. I was very please with both my meal and overall experience here. It wasn't the greatest meal I've had, and I probably won't return for a while, as it was a bit pricey and there are so many other great meat-centric joints in Philly, but I would not hesitate to recommend it, for the food, and especially for the novelty of the experience.This place is probably my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia now.  I can't believe the poor reviews some people are leaving.  Amazing food, good drinks, cool ambiance, fun servers.  What else could you want?
My wife enjoyed the Canela cocktail - it was lime-forward with a good amount of cinnamon.  I had a glass of a Cabernet blend.  Both drinks were great, and the prices were reasonable.
Definitely get the pastrami - the zeppoli was so soft and savory at the same time.  Combined with the rest of the elements of the dish, it was one of our favorites.  We also got their special filet mignon appetizer, and it was probably the best filet I've had at a restaurant (disclaimer: I don't usually get filets).  While filets generally don't have a lot of flavor, this one had plenty of that great grass-fed beef flavor.  They also didn't even ask us how we wanted it cooked - they just cooked it to perfection for us.  So tender.  So flavorful.  So good.
The lasagna is a must-order.  The combination of the collard greens and the savory pork (if you haven't had trotters, think oxtail but pork) hiding under the pasta was perfection.  It was my favorite dish.  We also were brought out a plate of their goat cheese ravioli, which was pretty salty but right on.
The pork shoulder is large enough for two to share.  It was crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside, with tons of flavor.  The best thing might have been the potato pancakes and the greens, which complemented the strong porkiness of the dish.
If you like meat, you'll love this place.  The quality of ingredients really show, and they cook it well for you to appreciate it.
And the prices are reasonable.
I don't get what all the negative reviewers are talking about.Pleasantly surprised that they had a very nice outdoor patio for brunch during this beautiful weather! Food was very tasty and they have a full bar which is nice. downside is its a limited menu for brunch and everything is pretty much $14 which is on the higher end for brunch. Will def be going back here to try their dinner menu.The gm there was a total asshole to me when I walked in. Pretentious yuppy hipsters and overpriced food is all you can really expect to find here. Won't be going back. Head across the street to Johnny Brenda's for something reliable and respectful staff.Great brunch spot! We came here last week looking to try some place new and we were not disappointed. To start, the menu is full of delicious sounding brunch cocktails with plenty of bourbon/whiskey options. There are definitely more breakfast oriented items offered on the brunch menu than lunch or sandwhich type entrees, and if you enjoy your egg dishes you're in luck. I tried the veggie fritatta made with the seasonal veggie offering, which this time was mushrooms and bleu cheese. I must admit, it didn't sound like the best option and I had hoped for a different veggie variety, but it turned out to be great and different - the mushrooms were also very fresh and cooked to perfection! The layout of this place is pretty unique as well, with a butcher shop in the front that also sells other locally sourced grocery items, and the dining area in the back. I do appreciate their farm-to-table commitment of using local and seasonal items from farms in the area. Supporting local agriculture never tasted so good! I'll definitely be back.Fun and interesting space - food was straight forward and very tasty. Had the pork shoulder - it was delicious.We had read good things about this place, so we thought we would give it a try. My boyfriend ordered the KQ burger. It was below average for any burger, let alone one that costs $20. It was over cooked and did not have the toppings he requested. Moreover, it was served with partially cooked, inconsistent pieces of potato. I ordered a pasta dish. I am usually very easy to please, but this was bland and difficult to eat. Both dishes were wildly under seasoned and below average. Extremely underwhelming, especially for the price point.I like the casual patio. They do meat the it should be, maybe because they are also a butcher shop.While visiting Philly for the weekend a friend recommended we check out Kensington Quarters for Sunday brunch. We walked for almost 40 minutes to get here (not that we mind walking) and it was well worth it!! 
We got an onion & cheddar tartine, salami scramble, and veggie frittata. Everyone loved their orders. My eggs were nice and fluffy with large chunks of the salami mixed throughout and the toasted sourdough was delicious! 
It was too cold for us, but it looks like there is a nice outdoor patio for when it warms up. 
Highly recommend!My daughter and I just finished one of the best brunches we have had in a very long time. From the sweet and attentive service to the warm and relaxed vibe to the star of the show--the food--it was truly a morning to remember. First the swoon-worthy French toast with home made caramel, cinnamon apples and pecans. It came out piping hot (a wonderful departure from the tepid norm at most restaurants), crisped to perfection on the outside and soft and yummy on the inside. With real whipped cream and the apple-caramel-cinnamon accompaniment, it was masterful and we were in some kind of heaven. For the savory portion of the meal we ordered the steak and eggs--a generous portion of filet mignon, perfectly charred on the outside and cooked to bright pink mouth watering perfection on the inside. It was as tender as butter and the flavor rivaled that of any great steakhouse. And with their deliciously crispy exteriors, the potatoes accompanying the dish were also completely on point. We enjoyed our meal at a fabulous high top right across from where the chef was putting the finishing touches on his dishes and each looked more delicious than the next.   We can't wait to go back!!
*added bonus--The restaurant is nestled in an up-and-coming, hip neighborhood and is surrounded by a plethora of adorable shops.This is a solid brunch spot. I'm familiarizing myself with the Fishtown area, and this spot is conveniently located a couple blocks from the Girard Ave stop on the Blue Line. 
The interior is airy and bright and has the typical industrial-hipster feel to it. The tables are designed to shift depending on your party size, which I thought was neat. Due to this configuration, it could get a bit cozy, but I didn't have anyone seated next to me. 
I had the Scrapple French Toast with a side of bacon. The french toast is large and cooked to just the right crunchiness, albeit with too much of a burnt surface to my liking. The scrapple tops the french toast and was delicious. Flavorful and savory to balance the maple syrup. I was disappointed in the syrup, as it was quite watered down and not exactly appealing to look at as a result. It looked like an accidental spill of diluted soda on the plate. Perhaps having it served on the side would improve the aesthetic. 
The bacon was solid if a bit too crunchy. I prefer mine to be on the chewier side, but that's just my preference.
The meal overall was the right balance of salty and sweet. Just a couple knocks for the wateriness of the maple syrup and the burnt french toast. I will definitely come back to try their grilled menu.I love the decor in this place. I also loved the wine menu, and the appetizers. Tried the pork entree that everyone was talking about, and was disappointed with it. It was probably cooked way back when and it just got dried out by the time it was reheated and served to me. The rest of entrees in my dining party all looked excellent, though. Will definitely come back.A butcher shop with tons of steaks and a menu that has no steak...I don't get it?  Waitstaff was great but the food was was subpar, I settled for a dry pork chop terrible, and desert was laffably bad as well.  note to owners sell some of those great looking stakes in the window!!!Such a disappointment. :( I was really looking forward to this meal! We had the mixed charcuterie plate to start, which was definitely amazing (head cheese, liver pâté, lomo, rabbit rillettes, etc.). But I read tons of great reviews of the pork shoulder (and the server highly recommended it), so that's what I ordered for my entrée. Others at my table ordered the pork chop and the swordfish (both good dishes). The shoulder is apparently slow cooked, but I guess slow cooked means "left to wither away all day in an oven without any liquid or fat." This meat was so seriously dry and tough, almost inedible. You really need some fat on the meat to keep it tender when cooking for that long. Unfortunately, this cut was ridiculously lean (lean=bad!), and served up on a plate of equally dry sautéed greens. Huge bummer!Everything about this place is amazing
Decor: awesome farmhouse style - neat lighting, beautifully crafted tables, local art work on the walls and those bathrooms (the coolest farmhouse sinks and awesome black matte subway tile with white grout)!
Service: super friendly staff and very attentive -my water glass was never empty and i'm pretty sure they gave us a new set of silverware after every course - my husband and I joked that they could save the dishwasher the trouble and we would keep the same utensils! For only being open a month the staff seemed very knowledgeable about the menu and also where the food was sourced from
Food (the glorious food!): started with the lamb sausage over kidney bean ragout - give me a bowl of that ragout and lets call it a day because it is to die for!!
Next was the trotter lasagna - it's not your typical lasagna with marinara - think southern with collard greens, cheese and pork - don't skip this one!
The main course was a 20 oz ribeye (one of the specials of the day) my husband and I shared over a bed of potatoes and parsnip purée. Not your typical ribeye as the the beef was a bit more lean because it is grass fed but still a fair amount of fat for you rib eye lovers!
We finished with the caramel panacotta - so pretty to look at and equally as tasty! 
On our way out we even got some dog treats to go from the butcher for our pups (which they loved!)
Great new spot! Don't miss out!We've been here several times and always enjoy our meal. Everything has been consistently excellent.  The service is very friendly and the food and cocktails are top notch.  Our group ordered the fried chicken, potatoes, baked cheese and mushroom toast as apps and everything was phenomenal.  You'll hear that the burger is a must order and it may seem weird to get a burger at a place that specializes in butchering various cuts of meat, but it's so good you shouldn't pass it up.Nothing special. most dishes were above average but the portions were way too small. this place would be wonderful if they gave more food. PERIOD.Went for Sunday brunch - the food was great but service sub par. They seemed very understaffed though it wasn't busy. It took a while to get our food and our waitress forgot a majority of the things we asked for like sugar, water refills, napkins, etc. We decided to cancel our second round of drinks after waiting over 15 minutes, which was fine with them since they hadn't even started making them but unfortunate for us, as all their cocktails were delicious!I wanted to give this place 5 stars based on a previous visit, but after dining tonight I can tell the food is inconsistent. I ordered the mixed grill with various meats on both occasions. The mixed grill tonight was extremely subpar, seemed like we got the "bottom of the barrel". 
we were given london broil (nowhere to be found on the menu) in place of ribeye which was tough and unseasoned. shriveled chicken wings that were smoked for too long and dry, pork shoulder was very dry. ribs were tiny and also dry.. almost 90% of the things on the plate were a complete 180 of my last visit.
manager was condescending when i mentioned that the mixed grill was disappointing. i offered for him to try the london broil backing my claims, but he refused. he stated due to sustainability different types of cuts are offered to customers which is perfectly fine, however, that is no excuse for serving subpar food (especially unseasoned). especially considering the quality of meat offered here.. they did not treat this mixed grill like how i expected it to be. it was actually bad. if the meat was at least a tad juicy, that's great.. i would have zero complaints. the mixed grill was so disappointing i logged onto yelp to review it. 
please show this review to your chefs. 
if you get the mixed grill, good luck.Great service. I had the chef special which was just right for me. The dessert apple fritter was so delicious.Perfect - we sat outside.  Our staff was really courteous & kind (esp out hostess).  Great setting & menu varied/interesting.  We had the ravioli, lamb, swordfish & chocolate cake.  All amazing.  Lots of space & nice to not feel rushed through a meal.  Loved it!Can we talk about the brunch here?! Pork shoulder Benedict with Rival Bros coffee, I mean... This was our first time going and we will definitely be back. My friend's steak and eggs were also good, but I preferred my dish.I came here two weeks ago with my boyfriend on a whim. We were planning on going somewhere else, but the wait was too long. As we were walking around Fishtown, we noticed this new spot. We went inside to check it out, and after enjoying the show the butchers were putting on and chatting with the friendly hostesses, we decided we might as well try it.  
My first impression of the space was that it had a very cool atmosphere and interesting set up. A bar and butcher area are on the left and right side of the entrance, the open kitchen area and meat storage in the middle, along with a few tables, and seating in the back. There also appeared to be some seating upstairs. Perhaps a party room?  
We ended up sitting at the hi-tops in the middle, right where the action was. We were able to watch everything coming in and out of the kitchen on the one side, and the butchers slicing up pigs on the other. While it is certainly not a good spot for the faint of heart, I thought it really added to the experience. We couldn't stop taking pictures! 
The staff there was all on top of their game, knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive. Although we had one main server, everyone attended to our needs. If someone noticed we needed more water, for example, they came over to fill it. Unlike many places that have that sort of collaborative serving, we didn't feel overwhelmed by waiters and waitresses constantly bothering us, nor did we feel as if our waitress was not taking care of us. Like I said, it was clear that we had our server, and everyone else was just there to provide a helping hand. 
The food, although not great, was very good. When our food came, I admit that I thought it would not be enough. The portions did seem rather small. I ordered the brisket special and my boyfriend ordered the lasagna. I regret not taking notes, because I don't remember everything else that was served with our meals. My fears of not having enough food were ultimately unfounded. The portions ended up being perfectly sized because the food was so rich. 
Although Kensington Quarters has a definite hipster feel to it, it didn't seem completely inauthentic. The staff are friendly and seem to really have a passion for what they are doing. I was very please with both my meal and overall experience here. It wasn't the greatest meal I've had, and I probably won't return for a while, as it was a bit pricey and there are so many other great meat-centric joints in Philly, but I would not hesitate to recommend it, for the food, and especially for the novelty of the experience.I came in early before the dinner rush.  In fact I was the only patron when I arrived and there were only a few more people by thr  time I finished.
I was seated and asked what I wanted to drink.  I asked for water which was poured out from a pre-filled cork bottle.  The water had an odd taste which I brought to the server's attention.  She was quick to replace it with other water from a different bottle.  The new water and all subsequent refills were fine and the server admited to being mystified as to why the first bottle tasted so odd.
This place is a butcher shop and a restaurant.  The menu selections feature unusual cuts of meat paired with vegetables and starches.  Everything on the menu seemed tasty and I had a hard time deciding.  finally I settled on two appetizers for my dinner.  Everything I ate was tasty.  My only complaint is I did not feel like I got my money's worth.
Everything was nice.  Everything was tasty.  Service was great.  Menu was different.  I might go back again with a date.Best restaurant in the area!! The food is awesome, and they always have unique dishes. Highly recommend!Not Hugh portions, but wow this food is delicious! Everything here is made from scratch. The ravioli is some of the best that I have ever had as it legitimately melts in your mouth. This is also one of the most underrated spots for happy hour in the area. Ten bucks for one of the best burgers in the city and 6 for a very solid rye old fashion... what else could you want??Kensington Quarter sure doesn't kid around when it comes to the meats. At brunch last Sunday, I enjoyed my best scrapple to date and a flavorful medium rare steak served alongside the prettiest eggs I've had in a while. The yolks were a deep golden color with a fresh taste; I imagine they'd be incredible soft boiled with toast.
Although the steak was flavorful I would not reorder because the cut was noticeably tough. Regardless, I am very interested in returning to get the entire butcher-to-table experience at dinner.Went here with friends on a Sunday night and the 3 course meal was great. Excellent food and service. Was worried about parking but found a spot right next door in a free lot. Had the beet salad, burger and farm plate and we did the paired wine thing. Everything was superb.Very good. Went on a Monday so it was light crowd, but staff was great and very helpful. Potatoes and pork shoulder are great, as is the mushroom ravioli. Would go again.I'm  torn. It's difficult to rate this place since it's essentially three venues in one. I'll be commenting on the restaurant portion.  The front end was great in accommodating our reservation and seating 6. Big props to the 3 girls working that. For a new restaurant-  I think the waitress should've explained the dishes a little or at least highlighted some flavors. l'll give her a pass on that. I won't go into each dish, but I can say that the maitake mushroom stood out (unexpected for a butchery).  Some dishes fell flat for us in general like sausages. The menu is seasonal so it'll be hard to rate. I do think there are some kinks to work out, but hopefully i'll be back with a better experience soonHad dinner with friends here a few weeks ago. We split one of the charcuterie plates to start, which was fantastic. Next, we all ended up getting the burger for our entrees. This was one of the best burgers I have had in the city! Perfectly cooked, fresh bun, and excellently seasoned potato wedges on the side. I can't wait to return to try some of their other dinner options and to stop by the butcher shop.GREAT CATCH! Definitely one of the best restaurants in the area. We have been for special occasions (birthdays, Valentine's day, Easter) and have yet to be disappointed. Our relatives from out of town (from NYC, Venezuela, Haiti, & Europe) have sampled the food and still rave about it to this day. We highly recommend the cuisine! Keep up the great work! "The Fisherman (& family)."UNREAL. Phenomenal brunch. French toast and steak and eggs are a must! Extremely attentive service, wonderful atmosphere and INCREDIBLE food. We will definitely be coming back for more and telling all of our friends. This is a must visit restaurant for anyone checking out the fishtown area!Amazing dining experience!  I went to this restaurant last month for my birthday dinner.  I called them the day of (a Saturday needing a Saturday night reservation) and needed a table for 7 (the restaurant I had originally planned to do to fell through).  Not only were they able to accommodate, they were extremely nice and helpful.
Upon arrival, I was extremely impressed at the lay out of the restaurant.  The meat refrigerator is on the right side when you walk in and there is a window that allows you to see all the great meats they can cook.  It was nice to see, not only to know the meat quality was good, but also to see how much pride they have in their ingredients.
Because we were a large party, we decided to order the entire menu and share with each other.  There was not one thing we didn't like!  The pork shoulder is off the hook!  I am absolutely going to be a regular there in the near future!Best steak I've had in Philly. Nice cozy decor. Not too cramped or loud. My server Brandon was awesome, super knowledgeable about the menu and very attentive. He even laughed at my shitty jokes. You're a bro, Brandon. The steak is a little pricey but if you can stomach it I highly recommend it. Otherwise get the burger.This was our 4th dinner at Kensington Quarters and when a restaurant is as consistently good as this, I have to sing its praises. We sat in their beautiful rear garden dining area where the tables are hand made plank, boardwalk underfoot, and you are sheltered by enormous orange umbrellas. Add planters filled with fresh herbs and the setting is sublime.
The wine list is excellent and many are offered by the glass from their "on tap" selections. We had a red blend and a rose which were both wonderful. The wine accompanied our appetizer charcuterie assortment. Each meat was delicious and accompanied by its own relish and/or mustard. An excellent toasted bread with oil dip was served with the pate. We also had pappardelle with sautéed fresh local mushrooms which was heaven.
Our entrees were pork shoulder and pork chop, both cooked to perfection -- pork dishes where you even want to savor the thin layer of fat on the edges. Melt in your mouth delicious.
A blueberry custard topped with crumbles was an excellent dessert. Piping hot Rival Brothers coffee added the exclamation point to the meal.
The restaurant was comfortably uncrowded perhaps due to the slow summer season, but I couldn't help but think that if Kensington Quarters was located in Center City, you wouldn't be able to get a table without a reservation weeks in advance. It is a destination worth traveling to.Finally had the KQ burger tonight. I thought it was a good quality burger but it did not live up to the hype and high expectations that I had. The beef itself is very good and that came across clear. However I could not taste the cheese, garlic aioli or the onions. Maybe they did not add as much of the toppings as they usually do but I wish there was more. Of course you want the beef to shine but I also want the other aspects to come through and give contrast. The bun is very sturdy and dry so it needs more on top of the burger to add that moisture.  The service was great and the beer selection is awesome.Prices were unexpectedly high compared to other Fishtown eateries, but I get the local farm, grass-fed, quality ingredients bit. I guess it's a nice "upscale" addition to the area, if you're prepared to spend the money.
Portion sizes were small - which made them seem even further overpriced - but I'm convinced I still left satisfied because I ended up drinking so much water.  Seriously, the water glasses were filled every time we took a drink. Maybe simmer down with the refills so I don't feel like my beverage consumption is being actively monitored or something?
Overall, food was better than average, but still not sure if it's worth coming back again.Have been wanting to try this place for awhile now. Friends are in town and we were looking for a place to eat at 9:30 on a fri night. We walked in and asked how long the wait would be. The hostess said ten mins and showed us the table we were waiting on. We spent a quick $10/small glass of wine for four of us and watched four people sit right down at the table that was supposed to be ours. We asked the hostess about it and she acted like she had no idea who we were and said those people just sat down. Ok? Whats the point in putting our name in? So after $40 for small drinks we will be looking for another restaurant at 10pm on a fri night, great..Disclaimer: My review is for the butcher class and not the food/drinks.
I love to cook and I thought it would be cool to learn how to break down my own meat. When I saw that KQ had a butchery class, I wanted it, and I was given the class as a gift. 
Bryan, the owner, ran the class and he was mad cool. I actually thought he was a worker until the end when he told me he was a co-owner. He was just really down to earth and patient with the entire class. I'm glad that he was because my knot tying pretty much sucked, but I eventually got the hang of things.
We were supposed to see how a lamb was broken down, but they sold it all and pig was the substitute. During the pig session, we only watched as Bryan did his thing. It was neat seeing this.
After the intro and the pig, we learned how to tie a few knots for roasting purposes. After that part, the magic happened. Bryan showed us how to break down a chicken and then each of us got one of our own. I was a little intimidated at first, but it was fun when I got my hands dirty (literally.) The process was really straightforward and I'll definitely be breaking down my own chickens from now on. The cherry on top was that we were sent home with the entire chicken after we were done. Dope!Honestly I've had wet dreams of this place before it opened. Which was actually working against it. It had to live up to all my fantasies and then some to get a good review. Not only does this place get a good review, it gets the BEST one possible. This is some of the best tasting meat I've ever had #nohomo. The service fast and very friendly. The drinks are also quite tasty. Not a meat eater? Try the carrots. You enjoy meat? Try the carrots. Seriously even the carrots are a treat. IWe came here for brunch on a Saturday. Large space that includes outdoor seating and an in-house butcher shop. I am not a huge fan of breakfast food so on a recommendation from the bartender I went with the spicy beef and my wife got a pastry which changes often but I believe it was monkey bread that day. The beef was very fresh sliced like carpaccio and had a nice kick to it. It was a decent portion. I did not try the monkey bread but my wife enjoyed it. Draft selection is good as are the brunch cocktails. I would return for dinner.
As a side note, I strongly considered ordering the K Q burger but could not get past the $18 price tag. In hindsight this was kind of silly as I have paid $16 for a burger many, many times...The best! No words! Customer service, presentation, waitress knew menu like the back of her hand! Definitely coming again!KQ was suggested to me as a place for a dinner meeting i was planning.  The menu looked very interesting so I decided to go with it and was not disappointed.  Nice restaurant on the inside and the upstairs room was perfect for my group.  The beer list is spot on with a good mix of beers to appeal to just about anyone.  Now the food...the apps were very good but the mixed grill was outstanding.  All of the meats were cooked just right and the quality was top notch.  The service and management was five stars as well. Try it, you wont be disappointed.I really enjoyed Kensington Quarters. We weren't originally going to go here but there was a wait at another restaurant so we kept walking. I heard from multiple people that this place has great meat options. They didn't disappoint in that department!
We ordered a charcuterie with corn and that was very good. It had salami and was a nice appetizer to share. My main dish was the steak, of course. My girlfriend got the bbq chicken. The chicken dish does have a spice to it that she wasn't expecting. Be careful of that. 
The vegetables with the chicken was delicious. I would definitely go back and bring more people. The service was good and the outside seating was very welcoming.Ate dinner there last night & it was delicious.  We sat outside and it's quite lovely.  Had some Finger Lakes Rosé that was on tap and Clementine Clown Shoes which is also a favorite of mine.  The carrots appetizer was very flavorful and I don't even like carrots!  Wood fired mushrooms were so good I ate them as main meal.  Bacon ricotta ravioli with sweet corn was very original & fresh.  My boyfriend had the swordfish and also finished his meal.  Will definitely go again.Don't come here hungry.
You'd think with an in-house butcher there would be plenty of meats, but unlike a normal steakhouse, this farm-to-table approach means the whole restaurant has to share just a few animals. Most meat portions aren't more than a few ounces, despite the $25+/plate cost. Chicken? Maybe 1/2 a breast. Beef? Petite. BBQ? Barely enough to fit on a roll. I've left here having spent $80+ and still needed some slices.
Reviewers are right about one thing, it IS great for a date, but not for a meal.We wanted to have a day exploring Fishtown and a great day of adventures always starts with a great brunch! This is a belated review because this happened towards late summer, but we were particularly drawn to Kensington Quarters because of its affordable entrees. I got the french toast because I always find it to be the litmus test of brunch food, and this is among one of the most unique french toast I have ever had! The brown sugar mixture and the homemade cream as well as the long, kind of stiff toast made this particular french toast unique from other more soggy french toasts I have had. There is a ton of natural lighting and variety in seating along with affordable cocktails that I will be sure to try next time!I've been a repeat, if not regular customer of the butcher shop here for a while so I knew going into my first dinner that quality would be very high. Man, did they deliver! We had the mixed charcuterie to start: every single house-made item was superb. The accompaniments were perfectly matched to each item to enhance rather than mask the earthiness of the meats. the shaved leg of lamb was the overall favorite, mortadella a close second (for me). 
Next we shared tagliatele with duck ragu and parsnip ravioli. The homemade pasta was amazing, tender but with a toothsome bite. Duck ragu which could very well have been stodgy and heavy with fat was rich but light, the broth base really shone. Pears in the ragu were a perfect foil to the richness of the duck and parmigiano. The parsnip ravioli were out of this world. Tiny ravioli with an explosive filling of sweet parsnips and a richness which may have been from mascarpone or some other cheese - I forgot to ask. The buttery sauce was very rich but the balance was perfect. They were addictive.
Entrees shared were scallops with Guatemalan blue squash and the fried chicken special. The scallops were perfectly cooked, seared outside but barely cooked within. The star of this dish was the squash. It had a firm but yielding chew and an almost sweet, grassy flavor that paired well with the scallops. The fried chicken was some of the best we'd ever tasted. The first bite was met with juiciness you hardly ever find in fried chicken. The coating was thick and crisp and not a sign of grease. The buttermilk biscuit was rich and flaky, crisp on the outside, just great. The only low note was the mustardy slaw that came with the chicken. It was just too salty, but a minor complaint. A sharp honey mustard dipping sauce was nice, but not really necessary in my opinion
The service here was fantastic. Our server, who's name I swore I'd remember but can't, was friendly, attentive, and well informed. She answered our questions when we had them and was always ready with more water, drink refills. The rest of the team, and there were several other people helping out, were like a drill team. Course finished, dishes and utensils were exchanged so quickly and quietly that if you blinked, you'd miss it. More bread for the appetizer? There in a flash. We never waited more than a couple of minutes for a drink refill. And most importantly, every single person we talked to was friendly. 
The only actual complaint I have is that the mens' room was too hot...I mean hot like a sauna. No exaggeration. It was so hot that the hand soap was warm. Obviously, you're only in there for a couple of minutes, but it was really uncomfortable. I asked about that and the server said they were aware of the issue and were looking into it.
It was a great meal. The place is pricey, so for me it'll be an occasional treat. But that's as it should be perhaps. Definitely a place to look forward to.I'll start the review by saying it's on the pricey side so prepare yourself to have delicious food but spend more than you might like. I ordered the baked cheese appetizer, the salmon as a main course, and a few cocktails. The kitchen messed up my salmon and delivered a lamb dish so they gave us a free dessert and aperitif. The service was phenomenal and try to sick outside in the back. It's far cuter out thereThese guys really know what they're doing - especially considering they just opened a few weeks ago!  We had another great meal on our second visit.  The three starters we had - rare beef,  maitake mushroom, and roasted carrots (a special) - were delicious.  The parsnip ravioli was amazing - one of the best pastas I've ever had.  They also had a pork tenderloin special that was my 2nd favorite dish of the night (after the ravioli).  And all 3 desserts were really great.  I also bought some lamb chops and bacon from the butcher.  Both were delicious!   I am a pretty fussy foodie and can highly recommend this place.So many made-in-house delicacies. The charcuterie was fantastic. All of the other meat plates are top flight. Very precise and experienced bar staff creating memorable cocktails. Good beer selection. Really enjoyed the food and drink here and will be returning.This place is awesome inside!  This was my first endeavor to this establishment and everything was good. I ordered the mixed Charcuterie for lunch with a Vera Cruiser(mezcal based cocktail). It was nice to get some different meats with the charcuterie plate. The only thing I would add is a second cheese to compliment all the meat. Overall great experience from staff. Cheers!I just dined at KQ for the second time.  I have to say that though the food was good, the menu is very limited (and yes I like meat!).  Most importantly, I left thinking that this place is outrageously overpriced.
I enjoy fine dining and had a thousand expensive dinners around the world. This is not fine dining in an way.  Not the food.  Not the atmosphere.
There were a few things that our party of six ordered that were just total ripoffs.  I am sorry but a 12.00 order of Brussels sprouts should have more than 4 chopped up Brussels sprouts. And a 24.00 order of mushroom ravioli should be more than a small appetizer plate size.
I enjoy good food.  I am not cheap.  But I felt this place was like "Let's see how far we can go and get away with ripping off people."The food is good here, but I want to be able to pick out a quality cut at the butcher window and have them prepare it in the kitchen. That would make the butcher/restaurant hybrid concept make so much more sense to me.Had a great dinner! The "out of fashion" drinks were good but a tad too sweet. We had the brussel sprouts, short ribs, burger and chocolate pudding. Everything was delicious!Hear me out on this rating. I go out to eat pretty often in the city, I just recently moved to Fishtown so I thought I'd check this place out. Honestly I was pretty bummed when I left. I went with my significant other, we started with the fried chicken and brussel sprouts. The chicken was eh at best, I've had better chicken and at half the price at Wishbone on 13th and Locust, and Andy's in fishtown. Honestly I feel like even Popeye has better fried chicken. The brussel sprouts were $12 and we literally got three brussel sprouts cut in half. $12 for 3 brussel sprouts that were mediocre at best. For entrees I got the burger and my partner got the spicy beef. My burger was absolutely delicious and cooked exactly the way I wanted, but it was $20. Listen I'm all for a bomb burger, one that leaves you feeling super satisfied, but $20 for a regular burger with nothing special added to it? Just wayyy over priced. The spicy beef could not even be considered an entree, it was super tiny, an appetizer at best. Listen if you're thinking of trying this place I'd seriously tell you to consider suraya, which is similar in pricing but absolutely delicious, or go to cheu or nunu which is a couple doors down. Seriously go anywhere but this place. Also, lastly, the service was extremely poor. It was very slow when it wasn't even too busy. Just honestly save yourself the expensiveness of this place and go to the several other amazing places in fishtown. You're welcome.Really good food. I was impressed with their service, ingredients, and overall quality. If you're in the area this is a cool place to grab some dinner. This is a great place!I've been a few times for brunch. On one particularly nice day we were unable to get a seat outside, so that was disappointing but such is life. Our first brunch we had an awful waitress who probably could have sold an additional $75-100 worth of drinks if she had been more attentive. She had an attitude, talked us out of ordering certain things, forgot items 5x over..it was a mess. Subsequent visits have been better with better waitstaff overall.I booked the day before for a Sunday brunch. There was plenty of availability for 11am, which turned out to be opening time. It was perfect because that fit our schedule. I had been wanting to try this place for the last 6 months but we never managed to make it happen, actually canceling reservations one time for other reasons. 
On this Sunday there were 5 adults and one baby in our party. There ended up literally being 6 babies in the restaurant by the time we left. So it's a friendly place for babies on Sunday's at least. While we were the first people in there, we didn't order for 30 minutes, as we were waiting on our last friend to make it. So we weren't the first people to get food and the place was only a quarter full by the time we got our meals so not ultra busy and in the weeds either. Anyway I'm on a keto diet so my choices were limited. The other 4 in our party had no restrictions so ordered as the pleased. We are all foodies and love good food whether it be from a street truck or a fine dining experience. Not one of us was impressed or even happy with our food. I got the pork chop and eggs with a side of bacon. My eggs were cooked perfectly over-medium, just as I asked, but the pork chop was like shoe leather. Not just dry and chewy but almost unpleasant to taste. The bacon came out burnt to a crisp on one side and barely cooked on the other. So bad that I actually sent it back for another order, which is rare for me to do. The second order came out much better but still not perfect being burnt on the edges but at least edible. Everyone else said their eggs were undercooked. There were poached, over-easy, and scrambled so it's not like the chef just had a problem with one type of egg style. Additionally the biscuits and gravy received negative reviews from my trusted friend. He said the gravy was cold, had no "bits" of sausage in it, and was nothing special to taste. We all left there and had a b#tch session about our food, not realizing that it was so unpleasant for all of us, as we are all generally polite people who don't complain openly except for very clear reasons. 
Now, I do need to mention that the waitstaff was very pleasant and attentive so there no complaints with atmosphere or service. If only one, two, or three meals were bad I probably wouldn't even have bothered to write a review but when all 5 meals are unpleasant it needs to be noted so my Yelp brethren don't make the same mistake.
So in summation, if you have babies and want to get brunch and don't care how it tastes, this might be the place for you. Otherwise AVOID Sunday brunch here at all costs.I went here recently for brunch with a group of my friends. Please save your money. No one in our group of six liked their meal. The food was barely heated. Portions were small. Meats were really unimpressive. Staff and decor was nice though.I decided to go here for brunch with the girlfriend on a Sunday and I was very impressed with the food. We started out with a "cafe correcto " , a delicious spiked espresso with a slice of orange peel in it. It was very tasty, although I think $8 is a little steep for such a tiny beverage. They also gave us a complimentary "doughnut muffin" that was fresh and delicious but very sweet. The main course I got was the "pork shoulder benedict ". I was very hungry and this really hit the spot. 2 poached eggs on homemade biscuits, topped with a really good hollandaise sauce, served with a perfectly cooked piece of pork that was tender and smokey. It came with a side of homemade fried potato chunks that were nicely crisp on the outside. She got the steak and eggs, which she thoroughly enjoyed, and she is pretty critical of steak. The only downside was that the server took a while to initially wait on our table, but they made up for it by giving us some free drinks.Second time dining here and I was even more impressed than the first time! Patio is officially open and it is lovely out back. Came for dinner and discovered their happy hour menu! Wine, cocktails, and draft beer all under $6 with a few very affordable food options as well! We had the ham and Brie tartine to start, it was super flavorful and was on top of some great quality toasted bread. Ended up sharing a pasta and the KQ burger. Blown away by the burger and the potatoes that came with it! Both had this yummy aioli on them that added to the dish. Excited for future happy hour adventures at KQ!The Good.
1. This place is huge. If you need to seat 14 people together for brunch at the last minute, this is probably your best bet in the neighborhood. The back patio is perfect when the weather's nice, too. 
2. All of our servers were exceedingly nice. 
3. The fried chicken sandwich is pretty solid. The ham french toast is good if you like a big ham steak. My wife didn't, but I did so I ate her big ham steak. The breakfast potatoes are excellent, especially when combined with ketchup and hot sauce. All the dishes are fairly striking; presentation matters to these folks. 
The Bad.
1. They were understaffed. Our server also appeared to be bartending, and she was understandably a little frazzled, and missed a few things. 
2. Judging by our other meals in Fishtown, KQ is a bit overpriced, and the portions (except for the ham french toast) are a little on the smaller side for said prices (my fried chicken was barely visible inside the bun that swallowed it up). 
The Weird.
1. When asked about her preference between a few different dishes, she recommended the ham french toast if we were looking for a smaller portion. When our food arrived, the ham french toast was without a doubt the largest plate at the table.
2. My brother. He ordered both a cold brew and a hot coffee, which confused our server to the point that they either thought he was kidding and forgot the cold brew, or just didn't bring the cold brew out of spite for his weirdness.wow wow wow love this place! great happy hour deals; GOT TO GET THE MUSHROOM TOAST. unbelievably flavorful and if you love mushrooms, you'll love this.
the outside seating is adorable, great date night spot. 
charcuterie board: small but for happy hour $5 it's the perfect amount. that mustard tho is SPICCCY, be careful
spicy sausage: love how flavorful the sausage was, i wish it came with a creamier sauce though rather than the spicy mustard, i needed something to cool down the sausage
spaghetti pomodoro: o man, the noodles were perfectly al dente, and the baked breadcrumbs gave the pasta a nice crunch which i loved. the bottom of the plate though was a little bit watery, definitely would recommend the chef to let the noodles soak up some sauce before plating
duck breast: hoping there was a litle bit more meat on my plate but for the place i guess the portion made sense. cooked very nicely, wished there was some type of side on my plate like a potato puree or something
overall this place was an amazing dining experience, my server was very attentive and helpful. i would definitely come back here and try their other dishesBest burger I have ever had!  Fantastic fresh food and very pleasant waitstaff. Very attentive to us and always checking to make sure we had everything we needed.  They even waited until we were all finished our meal to take all of our plates away at once.  Chicken, lamb, scallops were all delicious. Definitely will revisit. Very nice atmosphere.Why are there not people beating down the door to get in???? One of the best meals. Ever.Terribly overpriced, the appetizer my friends and I shared was disgusting and barely edible, the drinks were just okay but also expensive. I don't mind paying a lot for good food, but this food just simply wasn't good.We split the giant meat plate. I felt badly about all the animal murder but damn it was good. That was not one of my vegan days. They have this secret upstairs with a chill vibe and a giant bar. That's where we ate. On the giant bar. Not sitting on it. I guess we ate off the giant bar. But with plates too.The kielbasa was outstanding, but the stars of the meal are the well-portioned starters from the pantry and oven sections of the menu. The beet salad is bright and fresh, the mushroom toast is modern comfort good at its best, and the parsnip ravioli is earthy, sweet, and complex.The raviolis are to die for........sweet, nice texture, what I would call fresh.
They are so good we even ordered a second plate of the parsnip raviolis for dessert! 
The kambucha is wonderful as well very refreshing and thirst quenching.Kensington Quarters is one of my favorite places to eat in Fishtown. Not only is the ambiance absolutely amazing, the food is delicious. There aren't a lot of options on the menu, which makes each plate incredibly special, and incredibly well-done. My favorite is the pork shoulder, which was on their summer menu, however, their new options are just as great. 
I've probably eaten there 4 times now, and every single time has been better than the first. 
The interior is fantastic with a very industrial feel staying true to many of Fishtown's restaurant themes. The cocktails? Delectable! The service is fantastic as well. If I could give this place 6 stars, I would. The prices are great for what you're getting and to top it all off, they have a beautiful backyard patio for the spring and summer months. Don't pass this one by!This spot has incredible administration and great segments. It is on the pricier side yet the nourishment is delectable. I took my sweetheart here and we both got the Kensington burger. A standout amongst the best burgers I've at any point had. I will return. Extraordinary date spotService was very poor, miscommunication and confusion all over. Sat 30 mins before we got someone to even take our order. Tried to sit at a table and was told it was reserved then watched that same table be empty for an hour.
Hostess was flip with attitude and repeatedly told us she could only get our drink orders....okkkkkkk well get us a server who can do food orders. I told her we needed separate checks beforehand and it was like her head exploded. She snaps and says I'll have to get your server......you can order from the bar and walks away. That server never came to take order.  Hostess finally takes our drink orders after coming around the 3rd time to inquire about our existence at this table. After 25mins speak to the manager...he'll send  someone over for food order. After another 15 mins stop manager again...he just takes down the order himself.  
A server eventually drops off the drinks. Sometime later drops off bread with a sorry for the wait blah blah blah. Literally an hour after sitting we get our food. Then within a span of 10 mins, the manager, hostess and server want to keep dropping by our table to make sure everything fine. Where were all of you the last hour? At this point it was clear between all parties that this table was neglected somehow and we weren't offered any comp drinks, discount or anything. The Food wasn't even good...nope won't be back.4 of us visited on a Saturday night in July.  Had reservations but chose to sit at the bar for dinner. Jason proved to be one of the best craft bartenders in Philadelphia.  We gave him basic direction (i.e. summer drink) and just let him create.  He made each one of us a different drink each time and took the time to explain each.  One better then the next. 
 Food is consistently great as is the service.  Highly recommend!One of the more memorable meals I've had that was part of Philly top 50 list.
Lasagna (mushroom?) and pork shoulder are must tries.  The ice cream brownie and panna cotta deserts were also very well done.
Group of 4 adults and 1 baby, we spent about $180 total including drinks.  Definitely one of the cheaper options on the top 50 list and probably one of my favorites.
Wait staff was very friendly and very knowledgeable in terms of the food and drink recommendations.  Nice laid back ambiance, not too loud but not whisper quiet.  All in all a great dining experienceGreat spot for Happy Hour or for dinner. The staff is always knowledgeable, kind and warm. 
One time my almost 2 year old daughter would not stop walking up and down the stairs. The staff never stopped us and simply made sure we were safe.
The managers certainly foster a caring environment. Happy hour can be had at the bar, at the table tops and outside. The best thing on that menu is the burger...my wife's favorite.
The only reason I did not give KQ a five star rating is because the menu doesn't change much. Great place all around though!Nice well appointed dining room and perfect food.
Well priced.
Well rounded up concept.
A must.I am reviewing this place as a dining destination (not a butcher shop). I came here with two very trendy Philadelphia friends, and it was an overall delightful experience.
The Pros:
- The food was super exciting!! I had the Conchigle (pasta shells) with goat ragu and goat cheese. One of the most delightful pasta experiences in my life, and I can taste the flavor of the goat cheese. The brussels sprouts were also an exciting experience.
- The look, had a feel of a classy modern stop but with as lightly British food feel.
- The service - terrific all around!
- Cocktails - well balanced and not to alcoholic.
Why not 5 stars.
- This place had really awkward table furniture (they were bolted together), so you had to walk across the room to get to another person. It was an annoying distraction.
Great for:
1. Reunions
2. Trendy friends
3. 3rd Dates
4. Pregnant friends (they bend over backwards!)
Bad for:
1. Break ups
2. Large groups
3. Vegetarians
4. People who want to get drunkEnvironment and service are great here but the food quality to price ratio is a bit bonkers. Ordered a scrapple "tartine" which turned out to be a weak eggs Benedict. Bland overly crisp meat on top of an overly tihick/crispy slice of bread. There wasnt any good way to eat it and tasted very sweet which isnt really what I was shooting for with scrapple. Girlfriend's pulled pork wasnt anything special either. Going out for another lunch elsewhere because it wasnt filling. WOMP.I'm really interested in charcuterie and thoroughly approve of chefs that try to use the whole animal so we pretty much had to come here while visiting Philly.  The spousal unit and I went right after dinner opening on a Sunday.  There were a bunch of celebrating scientists when we first arrived so it was pretty noisy but it calmed down after about half an hour.  
The neighborhood and space really add to the appeal of this restaurant - the table tops that slide on i-beams to reconfigure for different party sizes are pretty danged cool!
We ordered the small charcuterie plate, harissa carrots, mushroom toast and the bacon kielbasa, subbing sauerkraut for the potato salad.  The charcuterie board included a pate', air-dried beef and smoked pork jowl with spicy mustard and peppers and it was probably my favorite part.  They serve it with good, fresh bread and it works.  My husband also really enjoyed the kielbasa and the sauerkraut, which he said was very fresh.
The spicy (harissa) carrots were passable, but I would have liked to have had a bit more spice and yogurt and, unfortunately for Philly restaurateurs, I'm from Alaska, where the carrots are so sweet they're like dessert; the one vegetable that no one in the contiguous 48 states has been able to touch so far.  So, ... for not-Alaska carrots, they were pretty good and perfectly cooked.  I enjoyed the mushroom toast, too - lots of mushrooms and not too much cheese.
Beverage-wise, the spousal unit tried the NY cider and found it pretty insipid.   I, on the other hand, was wise enough to choose a house cocktail - the Spaceship Aloha - and I DEFINITELY scored.  It is a delicious, limey cocktail.  Please,  please, please, just ditch the cocktail stirrers!  It's already stirred!  
We asked that the charcuterie plate be served first and it came right out.  The only complaint I have and the reason for only three stars is that it took FOREVER to get our second plates - we saw at least 4 parties who arrived after us who received their entrees before we did. I mean, toast?  Sausage?
When I  asked our server why it took so long she responded that she had no idea - she was very kind, but no apology.  Uh, oh... bummer...