This place never disappoints.  Even though they didn't have the seafood listed on the menu for our dish,  the substitutions might have been better. Since it is a tiny place there is sometimes a wait...  But it's well worth it. As always,  the leftovers were just as delicious...Great Cambodian food in South Philly! I've been here three times (once to eat in and twice for take out) and haven't been disappointed once. 
The must haves: 
Mussels in red curry sauce (Cha Mussels): creamy, savory, and a little spicy. I poured the red curry sauce over everything.
Prat-Hee: Minced pork with raw veggies to dip (eggplant, peppers, cucumbers, etc.) It's a little bit oily and a little bit salty but extremely flavorful and satisfying 
Chicken Curry (or whatever they have as a special): potatoes and chicken and a delicious warm soup. Perfect for winter days. 
Papaya salad is also great for something light and fresh!
4 stars instead of 5 because I pass out every time post-meal. Pretty sure there's some MSG in there.Huge portions and very reasonable prices. It has a hole in the wall type of interior, but it's very clean kept. I've never had authentic Cambodian food anywhere else, so I can't make any comparisons, but I left with a very content (and large) belly!Has to be the best khmer restaurant in philadelphia.  Great food! great service and fair price.  Pa-Hok with veggie is freaking awesome.  Fried frog legs! My new home away from home.I was excited to try this place out and planned on getting to this place no matter what while I was in Philadelphia.  My friend and I took a taxi from DT to the restaurant when it opened. Got seated quickly and ordered 3 items to try - grilled steak with prohak dipping sauce, caramelized ground pork with coconut milk and vegetables, and samlaw machu kreung (beef soup with vegetables).  My least favorite was the caramelized ground pork - it was a little too sweet for me.  I love this dish at other Cambodian restaurants but unfortunately it was too sweet here.  But the rest of the dishes were very very delicious.  I wanted to order other dishes but there was only 2 of us and it would have been too much food.  Got a chance to talk to the family that owns this place and they were very friendly.  Highly recommend.Super good food here.  I am pretty new to Khmer food, i can't express that this is amazing and the portion is family style.  So if you order too much.. prepare to bring it home and eat it again!  
Home made food here may take a bit to prepare depending on what you get, but it's worth it as it is made fresh on most items.  just BYOB and enjoy the food with your families/friendsSynopsis: Great LITTLE restaurant with friendly service, great food, and reasonable prices...
FYI: Cash Only- BYOB +
The 5-6 table restaurant was clean and had friendly service. I ordered the assorted meat skewers for appetizer ...they were mild in flavor cooked to perfection...came with sweet & spicy sauce (very good). Entrées were Prah-Hok Kahteeh & (forget the name) Beef with pineapples, peppers, and onions...both were great...reminds me a bit of Vietnamese food but definitely had its own unique flavors...I would recommend to anyone that likes tasty food especially Southeast Asian cuisine.Amazing food, cheap and BYOB. Come early to avoid the lines. I would recommend the curry mussels for apetizer!Happy to have finally gone to this tiny restaurant serviced by the nicest family. The mix of dishes recommended were tasty, a familiar cross of Vietnamese and Thai, though sweeter and less spicy IMHO. My fave was the Prah Hok Kateeh, apparently a recipe of grandma's. And a beef dish that included raw veggies, among them Thai eggplant, with an amazing dipping housemade dipping sauce made from roasted tomatoes. Oh, and remember, cash only.Seriously one of the go to restaurants for a date night with my husband. I have eaten here too many times to remember. The food is delicious! The meat eater as well as vegetarian will be equally pleased. The key to dining at Khmer is timing.  I am from this neighborhood so I know the pain of finding parking around here. Buffer in time to find a parking spot and get to Khmer early for a great experience.I have visited this place twice. The second time i went, i got to try weekend special (curry chicken) and crispy frog legs (sounds odd?) nah, it was delicious!
We ordered deep fried fish with salted soy bean and ginger, oh my... they gave a very gracious amount of ginger and bean, it made the fish very savory. even though lots of ginger, but i don't mind the spice...
it good as it gets, but you have to come earlier before the place is packed!
i hope they keep the good work.. :)When you're having a reunion with friends, you can't go wrong with Cambodian food .... at least that's what I decided last night and I was right - it was awesome.  Cambodian food is an extremely tasty cuisine that has influences from neighboring countries like Thailand and Vietnam but has its own distinctive style.  And Khmer Kitchen is the best and most authentic Cambodian restaurant in Philadelphia. This is not the easiest restaurant to get to as it is nestled deep in South Philadelphia but it is totally worth seeking out.
My favorite dish here is the Prah-hok kahteeh pork dish prepared spicy.  When you add rice to this and the accompanying vegetables, you have quite a treat (think chile con carne but better).  The way the plate is set up here looks so pretty that you almost hate to eat it.  All the famous Cambodian sour soups like the iconic Salaw machu kre'ung are also hearty and individually prepared.  The papaya salad is awesome and just looks and tastes totally healthy.  And I love that they are able to obtain and use some real Cambodian vegetables like Cambodian eggplant or cabbage. The food is prepared to order so it's not coming out fast from the kitchen.  Mom and Grandmom and Auntie are all in the back putting each dish together so be prepared to wait.  Just bring along some good wine or beer with you and anticipate what is to come.
Last evening, Tony was our server (Cambodian name Chomnan).  He is awesome.  He is so cool and personable and knows everything about Cambodian food and what he doesn't know he'll ask his Mom or Grandmom in the kitchen.  His smile and easy-going manner adds to the ambience of this awesome Cambodian restaurant.  Don't miss it ... it's as good as advertised.I came here last week with my partner and two friends and really enjoyed it. This place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant, but it is well worth the trip over to south Philly. They do not take reservations, and even coming on a Wednesday night we had to wait for a little while to be seated. But the food was great so it was definitely well worth it. Plus it is BYO, which I always appreciate (I brought a six pack of beer which I thought went well with the food). Two of the people at our table have visited Cambodia and said that the food at Khmer Kitchen was better than a lot of the food they had there. We ordered five dishes including the appetizers and we were all full and still had some food to take home. Here are some of the best things we ordered: 
BOK LA-HONG: (~$7) This was a papaya salad that was really fresh tasting and spicy at the same time (we asked for extra spice on everything). It was refreshing and the raw papaya was nice and crisp. 
SAH-LAW KAH-RHEE MOHN (~$7.50): This was a curry chicken in a soup-like broth. I personally wasn't as crazy about this dish as I was about some of the others but other people in my group loved it. 
PLEAH SACH-KHOE (~$8): This was my favorite dish of the night. It was beef with lemongrass. It was jus the right amount of spice and had great flavor. I would definitely order this again if I came back. 
We were a little disappointed that the whole tilapia was sold out when we got there because it seems from other reviewers that that is one of the best dishes. I will definitely come back for it. 
BOTTOM LINE: If you are looking for a hole-in-the-wall inexpensive and authentic Cambodian meal, you should definitely come here. This is more of a place to go with friends than it is a place to go with a date (unless it's with someone you've been dating for a while). It is BYO and CASH only. I would definitely come back.My friend who lives in south Philly brought here, and she ordered chicken with the pumpkin and the soup. Both were amazing! I think the soup had lemongrass and chicken and had a green color. I can't remember the names of the dishes.Cheap, delicious, convinient. Just try all the appetizers, they are really cheap and small. Service isn't great, but they try. BYOB, so bring yourself a 6 pack or some wine and have a ball! Seems like a family run business. I predict this place is going to stay under the radar for just a little bit longer, so get there while you can. Once the word is out, they are going to have a line out the door.I had the papaya salad, minced pork with raw veggies, beef with salt and pepper lime sauce, another beef that you wrap in a leaf with a different sauce and a fish dish which was presented in a seaweed wrap. ALL of those dishes were great! I have eaten similar dishes at other restaurants, but this place was a little different, more of a home cooked feel and taste. I also had the calamari, but it was only average. They also do not serve coffee. The meat sticks, which were my number one menu item to order, were not available :-(  I will definitely return to this place!This is my favorite restaurant in philly. Can't say I've had one bad dish out of several times I have been here. It has the perfect mom-and-pop shop vibe with excellent service. Make sure you get the ginger and black bean glazed tilapia.If I could rate 500 stars instead of 5, I would.
Khmer Kitchen is, to me and many others, the place to get the legit Southern style Vietnamese food that no Vietnamese restaurant in the USA would ever have the balls to serve, because they can't be bothered to go outside their lazy comfort zone business-wise. Mind you, it's hard to draw the line between dishes of Cambodia and South Vietnam because four score and seven years ago, Cambodia was continuous with South Vietnam (go ahead, google it, it's called the Khmer Empire and it lasted for more than half a millennium). Think of it as fusion cuisine, but neither of those cuisines are Westernized, so your flavors just go BAM. 
Prah-Hok Kateeh - The must-order appetizer dish under the Traditional Khmer Dish section of the menu. The ground pork dip is flavored with a fish paste that has a very subtle pungent yet light aroma, balancing well with the fresh Khmer vegetable selection such as Thai and purple eggplant, carrot, cabbage, long bean (not the typical American green bean). That light pungent-ness is just so pleasureable!
Sah-Law Machue Yuin (with Tilapia) - This is what the Vietnamese call "canh chua" but it's a zillion times more authentic than the versions you'll find in most Vietnamese restaurants in the USA. Beautifully tangy tamarind flavor broth with tons of garlic, and it's best to order this dish with the tilapia as this is the correspondingly traditional protein choice. 
Cha Kr'ung (with Frog) - Standard South Vietnamese bar fare, and we ordered it with the frog with was delicious and was a nice white meat with an almost fall-off-the-bone quality, without actually falling off the bones until we actually needed it to. Be forewarned from ordering it "spicy" - the waiter asked us if we wanted it this way, and we said yes, not realizing that this place uses Asian standards of spicyness. Just about everyone at our table was ready to choke on the level of spiciness, and I thought we were pretty strong. However, the coconut broth balances out the spice so well, that we suffered through the pain because it was so damn amazing.
Sah-Law Ka-Koe (with pork) - waiter's choice when we asked him for an entree that was "not sweet" and very traditional. It's got some sweet-ish pumpkin in it but otherwise the dish is a soupy slightly creamy dish with lemongrass mixed with seafood-y paste flavor, and lots of chopped Thai eggplant. We ordered this with pork as the waiter told us this was the traditional way. This dish also resembles a traditional Vietnamese dish (which just about no Vietnamese restaurants in the US dare to serve) "canh ca dang". I have a hard time describing the taste other than it is "earthy"?I could eat here everyday and still not get tired of their food. Everything that I've tried, I love. My favorite is Caramelized Pork, 'Bok La Hung', Steak with Prahok Sauce, Tilapia filets with pineapples, and the cubed beef. Service is amazing too.Service was great! Food was amazing, definitely reminded me of mother's cooking, although I'm not Cambodian hahaha. Portions were huge so def go with friends and family!We showed up to this little mom and pop restaurant and the place was empty.  However, people quickly flooded in after us, taking up almost every other table. This is the beginning of my experience with Cambodian cuisine, but it won't be my last.  We ordered three dishes and shared between the three of us.  Everything is served family style, plates come out as they are ready.  
Khmer Kitchen seems to be known for their Prah-Hok Kahteeh.  This is a ground pork dish served with raw vegetables.  This reminded me of Vietnamese lettuce wraps.  Very tasty, and worthy of the praise that I saw on yelp.   When the dish first came out, I was skeptical, but the raw vegetables do pair very well with the saucy meat in the middle of the dish.  
I think that the second dish we had was the Sah-Law Macheu Kahteeh.  This was chicken served with stir fried vegetables and pineapple.  The flavors were strong and worked together perfectly.  The one suggestion that I would make is to cut up the pineapple smaller.  That way it is distributed more evenly throughout the dish.
I think Cha-Ma-Reh Prov was the last dish, with beef in sort of a curry sauce.  The beef was thin and fibrous, almost like jerky.  My girlfriend thought it would be better with another protein, but I liked it like this, a different texture than you'll usually find, and it soaked up the sauce well.
Mom and pop place (grandmom made one dish, mom made the second, brother made the third).Based purely on the taste bud altering chicken curry.  This rating may be subject to change IF I can get away from this dish to try another.  I crave it!!Quite possibly the best restaurant in the city. The food is as fresh as it gets and the flavors explode in your mouth. It may take a little time to get your food, but it's worth the wait. They are chopping your vegetables to order after all! 
I've been exploring this menu slowly since I keep forgetting to eat here, but everything I've had has been delicious and exciting.
The service is friendly and warm. It's a family run business and they are cooking with love and you can taste it with every bite.I now understand what the hype is about, because the food here is supreme. This small family run restaurant has more flavor-packed options than most of the top rated restaurants in Philly. I went for dinner with my dad and sister. The food is served family style and every item is portioned for two-three people. We ordered the fried frog legs, fried tilapia, and beef lettuce wraps. Everything was amazing! The flavor profiles were out of this world. The fish came with a delicious spicy mango slaw. The fish was fried perfectly and tasted so good. The frog was so delicious.  The beef had great flavor too. The server was nice. The food takes a while to come out because everything is made fresh, so be prepared to wait 20-30 minutes for your food. Trust me, it's worth the wait!I lived in Cambodia for several years and learned how to make many Khmer dishes during my time there. This place, owned by a Cambodian family originally from battambang province, makes Khmer food as authentic and as good as anything I had while living in Cambodia. I was impressed with all the dishes I tried and really had no major complaints.
I wish the location was a bit more central to downtown and that they took credit card however at the end of the day this place still Deserves five stars.I live down the block from what is now Khmer Kitchen. I've watched many restaurants come and go each year in this location and it slightly broke my heart every time one hopeful restaurant opener meticulously painted and decorated this building just to sadly give back the keys a year later. Then came Khmer Kitchen. It was a bit slow at first and then suddenly, I noticed a line out of the door. Every weekend as I walked by, I noticed they were packed. Just like that, they peaked my interest. 
I've never really had Khmer food regularly so I don't have much to compare with to judge if this place is "authentic" or not but hell this place makes amazing food. I ordered almost half the menu for take out (the dining area is very very small, and my dining room table can comfortably seat me, boyfriend and his brothers, so I brought everything home.. down the block!) I don't eat spicy food (except for spicy crawfish) and Papaya salad packed a hell of a punch but it was so good, my boyfriend and his brothers suffered through to finish it off. Everything is marinated well and made to order and it shows. Can't wait to get some more!Showed up Saturday at 745 for dinner with friends.  Guy running the tiny dining room informs us that they stop seating at 730 on Saturday, but that we could order food to go, disclaiming that it takes about 20-30 min to prepare the food.  No problem.  So there we are, my friends, their 2 year old, and myself, waiting there outside on 6th street.  The front of the place opens to the street, so we're basically standing around trying not to ogle to hard at the people at the tables.  Odd thing is, the guy who took our orders intermittently chats us up, so he's aware that we are there waiting for something.  After 45 minutes, my friend asks about the status of our food and he acknowledges and trots off to the kitchen to see.  He emerges, sans food, approaches us matter of factly and informs that the food won't be ready for perhaps another hour!  No kidding.  Now I know about culture gaps, but this guy was born in Philly, he told us so.  Even so, there's never an excuse to treat customers like they or their own time doesn't matter.  100% non apologetic and indifferent to our inconvenience.  Food could be great. But I know I'll never be finding out.I love to try all types of foods from around the globe and this was my first Cambodian experience. The reason I'm giving Khmer Kitchen 5 stars is because the quality can't be beat especially for the price. We ordered nearly everything on the menu as I went with a group so large that we nearly filled the restaurant (it's not too big so try to keep your group around 4 people if you decide to eat in). Not one thing I ate did I not enjoy so it is difficult for me to pick one thing to rave about. If you decided to go, you won't regret your decision. Oh, and it's BYOB.It is almost impossible to find a Cambodian restaurant around my area. When I heard about this place I was so excited, especially since so many people are raving about this place. I came here several times and was never disappointed by the service or the food. The inside interior is pretty small and maybe a bit too cramped if there are a lot of customers, but the food is delicious. I loved everything I have ever ordered. My family also loves this place. Great, authentic Cambodian food for an awesome price.A must! Loved the food, atmosphere,  and, well, everything.  A true gem in South Philly.Time for expansion! Ever since I moved to DC area, your restaurant is one of the things that I truly miss in Philly! It's frustrated that there's no true Cambodian restaurant rather than one fancy fusion place. Ok, speaking of the food at Khmer Kitchen, I'm a fan of everything. When I lived in Philly, I went there a few times a week. Probably gained a lot of weight just from that...everything is so flavorful. The spices are sort of familiar if you eat a lot of Asian food, but something that so unique and different from other cuisines. I don't want to recommend this place on yelp before because it's way too popular for me to get a table during regular hours! Yes, I'm being selfish when it comes to food. But now that I'm away and desperate to send a message to the owner that they need to open one in DC area, please believe me that this is the best Cambodian restaurant one of the best Asian restaurants in town!!Here's the short version: 
DELICIOUS food, truly excellent. 
It's BYOB. The prices are very affordable, a big bowl of soup for $12 that could easily feed 3 people.
The one big.. huge issue I had was how long it takes to get your food. It took about an hour for two dishes, the soup came first. After a whole hour. And then another 20 min our second dish came out. What I thought would be a 40 min meal turned into 2 hours. 
The restaurant is family run and everything is made to order. I was told no prep is done and that's why it takes so long. My tip? Get a slice of pizza from up the street before coming so you're not hangry.Great mom and pop restaurant. I have eaten here 3 times and the staff is great. They know us since they are a small restaurant and even remember what we have ordered in the past. Since my GF is a vegetarian they always make us an entre off the menu which is pretty cool. 
My favorite dish here is the fish with the tamarind sauce. There have been some entries that I do not like but make sure you ask the staff what the food tastes like before you order.
The atmosphere is chill and cozy. It can feel a little small if it is packed but its still a great BYOB. I would def go back and have brought back friends and family.The lovely wife and I were Living the Dream!
1. We were on our way to a new place my fellow Yelpers were raving about.
2. Cambodian was a new ethnicity for us. Very exciting!
3. It was BYOB which we always appreciate.
4. On our first pass we snagged a parking spot less than a block away. Very lucky in this crowded part of South Philly.
5. We walked in to this tiny cozy place at 3 PM on a Sunday and snagged a table right away.
Everything was going so well it was time for a bump in the road. The first thing our very pleasant waiter did was list the seven items, that's right seven items, which they were out of.  This included all the skewers and several other dishes. The carnivore in me was completely ready for those beautiful sticks of meat and I was to be denied.
It turns out that they were slammed on Friday and Saturday and this was the result. Also, it's happened before. LESSON LEARNED- Sunday afternoon maybe great for snagging a table but bad for availability of menu items!
So with limited choices available we picked PRAH-HOK KAHTEEH ($8) as our appetizer. It was delicious and a perfect way to begin our meal. Some folks may think that dipping raw vegetables into a meat sauce is a little odd but trust me, it works.
For our meal we decided to split two dishes. The first was PLEAH SACH-KHOE. This was delicious marinated beef with kaffir lime and lemongrass. It was so good it was beyond five stars for both of us.
We also devoured a CHICKEN CURRY STEW that was incredible. The texture and layers of flavor in the broth brought smiles to both of our faces.
The wife and I both love this place and we'll be back but not on a Sunday afternoon.  We understand it's tiny and family run but seven items off the small menu was a big disappointment.  However the food was so incredibly good that I'm awarding four stars.This is officially the best restaurant in South Philadelphia now and incredibly affordable.  I took my Anglo-Saxon family there and the food was astounding.  The service is very slow, so when you go, do not be in a rush.  The food is made to order and the definition of delectable.  Everything on the menu was amazing.  They go out of their way to create make each order designed to share.  It takes them a lot more time but if you love food, it is worth the wait.  BYOB, cash only.  They should remove the T.V., and play music, those are my only two suggestions.  The prices here will inevitably go up very soon, and still it would be worth it.  Thanks for providing South Philadelphia with high-quality food, we need it.  I felt like I ate food in someone's family kitchen.  Each dish was presented and prepared with a lot of love.While we commend them for a family-run restaurant, we have to be honest. The beef (stir-fry) and chicken (curry) for two dishes were hard and chewy. The shrimp appetizer's breading was too salty. The good thing was the service and also the dishes had flavorful spices.Wow, this place was delicious! Everything we ordered was fresh and flavorful. It's also a BYOB and is very inexpensive. . . . we ordered two grilled meat sticks, a salad, and two main dishes and the whole meal came to $26 before tip. The service was very friendly thought a bit slow. We learned from our waiter that this is his family's first restaurant (the cooks are his mother and grandmother!) so perhaps the service will improve over time. Even if it doesn't, the food at Khymer Kitchen is well worth the wait.Just outstanding. Consistently vibrant and dynamic flavors, lovely, family based staff that make it seem effortless to be kind and communicative, astoundingly reasonable prices for the volume and quality of food you get.Excellent Service. Friendly, helpful to those unfamiliar with the menu. The staff provided great suggestions for first-timers, the caramelized pork was delicious as was the curry soup.
Most dishes meant to be shared family style.
Very affordable for groups, but make sure to get there early and ask to hold a table since there are no reservations and maybe only seating for 25. The staff was kind to try to accommodate a larger (9) group. 
Double check closing time, was told they close at 8pm.We discovered this little treasure accidentally 
The food here is to DIE for 
Totally  home cooking style 
The food here is better than what we are in Cambodia 
We had the cabbage salad , chicken with pumpkin sautéed , lemon grass spur soup 
Thank you to grandma Paula , Auntie Dyna Mother Sophia, Brother JordanSince I've posted the last review, I came here a few more times.  What can I say, I am obsessed with the food here, and my goal is to try every single dish in the menu.  Unfortunately I am a long way from reaching that goal as I tend to order the same dishes each time because I can't help myself, namely Prah-Hok Kateeh and Sah-Law Machue Yuin.  I have tried a few new dishes since my last review, see below:
Pan Fried Tilapia with Ginger Sauce - my new second favorite dish, after Prah-Hok Kateeh!  They gave you an option to either get a whole fish, two filets or one filet.  We opted for one filet so that we can order more dishes.  I definitely want to get a whole fish next time.  The fish was perfectly breaded and seasoned, it was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The star of the dish was the ginger sauce, it was perfection.  I love the different notes in the sauce, including sweet, sour and a hint of spiciness.  I would be happy with a bucket of this sauce and a bowl of rice.  
Nkahp-Ch'in - I've never had frog legs before (I know, bad Asian!), and was hesitate to try it, but the dish looked so delectable that I had to give it a try.  I think the frog legs being fried really helped, I mean everything taste good fried no?  It kind of tasted like chicken, but with less meat.  I liked the batter and the sauce that came with the dish, but I am not sure I would try this dish again. 
Pleak Sak-Koe - I saw that a lot of people on Yelp recommended this dish and decided to try it.  The dish is basically thinly sliced beef that comes with a side of lettuce and basil to eat as a wrap, kind of like Korean BBQ style.  I was not a big fan of the dish as the meat was a bit bland, a rarity as nearly all of the other dishes I've tried have been burst with flavor.  I think this would be a good dish for someone who is new to South Asian food and not used to all of the bold flavors.
The four of us polished off 8 dishes the last time we came here.  Despite a few misses, I still think this is one of my favorite restaurants of all time.  If only I can convince the family to move to NYC and open up the restaurant here.  The three hours round-trip commute is kind of killing me :)  I highly recommend you to give this place a try!!I get the same three dishes and some every time I am here. Amazing service, amazing food. The calamari is cooked to the tea! You have to try everything at least once on the menu. Khmer Kitchen doesn't disappoint.Khmer Kitchen was a very pleasant surprise.
The interior is modest, yet clean and accommodating.  There are only a few tables in front of the kitchen, maybe nine total, but there isn't really a feeling of being squeezed in.  The interior is a warming red hue and on the wall facing the street there is a large flat-screen television mounted, which lightens the mood from serious/romantic to more of a casual vibe.  Alcohol is not served here, but I was informed that the restaurant is a B.Y.O.B. establishment.  The prices seem to underline the casual nature of the restaurant; I think my bill for a 'traditional khmer dish' came out to just under $9.  You'd be able to easily feed two people with such a dish + appetizer for $12-14 dollars.
The dish I ordered, saw-law macheu kre'ung with beef and tripe tasted like a home cooked meal.  The clear broth had a fine sediment of lemongrass, galangal and spices that tells the tale of long hours simmering.  As someone who enjoys cooking, I can tell the difference between a bullion base and a true home-made broth and this was certainly the latter.  The broth stained yellow with turmeric on the napkin as I sipped the slightly spicy-sour broth between bites of water spinach and fall-apart-tender pieces of what I believe was short-rib beef.  There was also an herb in the mix I couldn't quite place, though I believe it could have been morning glory.  The tripe, which I should mention is completely optional, added just the right amount of assertive gaminess to it and was not at all chewy.  It added a nice change of pace to the unctuous bites of beef and the fibrous crunch of the water spinach, so I highly recommend you add the tripe if you're on the fence about including it or not.  The end result was a deeply satisfying meal that was nutritious, exotic and delicious.
The young gentleman who waited on my table was clearly working multiple roles in the restaurant, which is a family-run operation.  I found him to be polite and quite rightfully passionate about his family's food.  There weren't many customers as it was still early in the evening, so I have yet to see how they operate under duress, but I found that I had a great deal of attention.  I asked his opinion on what a newcomer with no fears should order and he obliged.  I was also given a complementary cleaver-minced chicken, herbs and celery dish that had a deepness to it that must have been toasted rice powder.  This treatment does make me think more than a little bit that I could have been mistaken for a professional food critic...  but perhaps that is a cynical thought.
I highly recommend trying out this restaurant sooner rather than later as it is bound to get a great deal of exposure very soon.  The young gentleman who waited on my table spoke of outdoor grilling, room expansions and menu additions in the very near future.  If they can keep up this level of quality for the huge potential crowds, this modest corner-restaurant has the potential to become a popular foodie-stop in the near future (if it hasn't already!)  I'll be back with friends and family for sure... especially if they turn on that industrial strength steamer next to the front desk during the winter.This restaurant is tucked away in South Philly.  They had odd hours that close early for dinnertime so make sure to get there early.   It's BYOB and probably has a 10-15 tables so there can be a wait.  
We sat down without a wait and ordered:
- spring rolls: would skip this next time
- chicken satay:  great skewers to start the meal
- papaya salad:  this is a pretty spicy dish if you request it.  My wife loved it and she also loves really spicy food.  I can handle my spice, but it was a little too much for me
- eggplant:  this was a great dish and everyone loved it.  Would order this again
- beef cubes: I enjoyed this dish and similar to what you might get at a Vietnamese restaurant
- fried rice/lo mein: good, but these weren't the star of the showWas here on a Saturday afternoon. It was not busy at all. Food came out really quick.  We ordered the calamari for appetizer and i definitely recommend it. Also the fish dish was done really well. The curry chicken dish was another bomb! I gotta say they serve in large portions and they make sure you don't go home hungry!  The seating of this place is small so I'd call ahead if you have large parties .Amazing. 
1) We got the cha krung (beef stir-fry) and salaw karee saramohn (peanut infused Chicken coconut curry). Both were out of this world. 
2) The service is excellent. Ambiance is wonderful. 
3) Cash only.I don't usually put stock in atmosphere, but it was a fun little place. The tables are close together, so it's loud. The staff was very helpful and the food came out quick. I had the prah hoo kateeh (cartelized ground pork) on suggestion from the waiter. I ended up enjoying the eggplant side dish better. Parking is very tight in the area. I ended up walking over 2 blocks from Pierce. Would definitely go back again on a week night.The food was spicy and delicious!  We went on a Sunday mid afternoon which we were able to get a table! Heard the place gets pretty jammed.  
The server was really friendly and helpful with his recommendations.  My husband and I had the minced pork dish which was so good! We also tried the tilapia fish soup which was even better than the Vietnamese style fish soup! The bok la homle was sooo fresh and good.  
Only thing I would say about the experience is that we waited long for food to come to the table.  But it was def worth the wait and we would be coming back to try more! FYI cash only and BYOB!i brough a date there that never had cambodian food in her life , she had other asian food like viet chinese korean and so on... anyway... we order 2 dish and 2 appetizers and wow that was alot of food. She was wow by it and ate 70 percent of the food.Being of Vietnamese descent, I honestly didn't know what to expect of Cambodian food. It's sort of a mix between Vietnamese and Thai, but with its own unique and amazing flavors (lots of herbs and sauces). It's a cozy (tiny) family-run BYOB. The staff is so friendly, they are like family.
Our favorites: prah hok kateeh -- caramelized ground pork with an assortment of veggies that you eat sort of like a chip & dip. Curried green mussels are a must -- spoon the sauce over some rice. Roasted eggplant with chicken, also amazing! Honestly, I've never had a bad dish here. We usually pick a dish or two and let our server suggest/surprise us with other dishes.This was my first time eating Cambodian food. I didn't know much about it or this place in particular, except that a friend wanted it since he'd really enjoyed the mussels. This place looked extraordinarily nondescript upon first glance, not to mention that it was deserted when we arrived before 6 pm on a weekday.
And hour later, every table in this seemingly family-run place was occupied and even all the chairs for waiting diners were fully occupied. A few people were even standing. We did get the mussels and the flavorful sauce really delivered. 
Tips to optimize your experience:
-Arrive before peak eating hours, even on a week day. That ensures that you don't have to wait for seating.
-Dress snugly. It felt like the restaurant was not really heated.
-Cash only, so leave the plastic at home
-Be able to parallel park! Street parking onlyIf I ever for any reason find myself on death row, I will go out smiling after picking Khmer for my last meal. This place deserves a SOLID five star review. The food is spectacular. I had never tried Cambodian food but found the spice blends to be EXTREMELY agreeable and complimentary to the meats and veggies they were cooked with. Get the meatballs. Wrap them in lettuce and dip them in the spicy sweet sauce. Get the caramelized pork in coconut. Get the 4 mushroom lemon grass pork in the banana leaf. The only reason I would NOT reorder these items is to try the rest of the menu. I want everything. Byob (though we didn't last night, couldn't find a liquor store) is a nice option, and the family that owns Khmer is SO accommodating and cool. I expected Khmer to be sort of a hole in the wall, due to the lack of any Yelp interior pictures, but I actually found it to be very cute. I caaaaan't wait to go back. Also, for anyone deducting stars due to wait times, wouldn't you rather your food be cooked to order than sitting on some cart all day? I actually liked hanging out there and having brief exchanges with the other diners and the owner. My food was $9. The best I've ever had.
Update: Bummed that its the second time I've taken my date here and they were out of the meatballs and beef skewer, but its my own fault for going so late. Everything we got( the spicy red ground pork and the chicken salad in sauce) were spectacular. This place is tried and true.I think the last time I had authentic Cambodian food I was at my friend's house in elementary school.  Khmer Kitchen captured all the fresh flavor I remember!  
Try the mussels (ginger style), curry chicken and fried tilapia.  Delicious!!!
Prices are reasonable (3 dishes were perfect for 2 people), BYOB, and the server was very attentive and remembered my date well (he even remembered what he had eaten the last time when it had been over a year since he was there last!)Visited Khmer Kitchen based on recent reviews and wanting to try Cambodian food.  Always love a good family-run place,  especially of the Asian-variety.
I want to be able to give this a higher rating (food is really fantastic) but can't overlook some glaring issues:
1) Place is very small,  so wait time for a table on weekend is long (they don't take reservations).  Additionally,  once we placed our order,  it took an hr for food to arrive and 1 of our diners' food was lukewarm to cold.
2) Service is very slow.   It took 15 min just to get menus and a bit longer than that to get hot tea.
3) It's freezing !   We all dined with our winter coats on.
4) No paper towels in bathroom to dry off your hands.
All that said ... I do understand that a new place has to iron out its kinks and hopefully it will.
The meatballs are out of this world.
The papaya salad was OUTRAGEOUS.   And had a great kick in terms of spicy-factor.
Loved Loved the calamari.
I would come back again, only during warmer weather,  a week night or perhaps just for take out !
I am still awaiting my toes to thaw out and I'm home now !Beef skewer:
Tender inside, crisp charred exterior. Wonderful smoky flavor.
Prahok:
Perfectly salty, huge umami hit, veggies were fresh and crisp. Wow.
Curry:
Delicate and delicious broth, chicken was tender.
Service:
Everyone here is so nice. I hate to give a rating based on service, but I think it's outstanding enough here to warrant saying something.If I ever for any reason find myself on death row, I will go out smiling after picking Khmer for my last meal. This place deserves a SOLID five star review. The food is spectacular. I had never tried Cambodian food but found the spice blends to be EXTREMELY agreeable and complimentary to the meats and veggies they were cooked with. Get the meatballs. Wrap them in lettuce and dip them in the spicy sweet sauce. Get the caramelized pork in coconut. Get the 4 mushroom lemon grass pork in the banana leaf. The only reason I would NOT reorder these items is to try the rest of the menu. I want everything. Byob (though we didn't last night, couldn't find a liquor store) is a nice option, and the family that owns Khmer is SO accommodating and cool. I expected Khmer to be sort of a hole in the wall, due to the lack of any Yelp interior pictures, but I actually found it to be very cute. I caaaaan't wait to go back. Also, for anyone deducting stars due to wait times, wouldn't you rather your food be cooked to order than sitting on some cart all day? I actually liked hanging out there and having brief exchanges with the other diners and the owner. My food was $9. The best I've ever had.I know I'm preaching to the choir at this point but I would be remiss to not give a 5 star review. The food is bright, interesting, amazing. The staff is all family and you feel it. My favorite Asian restaurant in Philly and I'm a Cali girl. Brought my Cali parents tonight. They beyond loved it. Thank you!!!area quite small but don't be discourage, the food makes up for it. Coming from a person that grew up eating authentic Cambodian food, Khmer Kitchen nips it right in the bud. The "tuk pahok" is absolutely delicious, I'm a sucker for spicy food and I always prefer my "tuk pahok" spicy but I do not mind their non spicy version of it at all. Although the steak served with "tuk pahok" is very delicious the portion will not fill one person up. I recommend getting the "soups" to eat with rice if you are trying to fill up your belly. The beef and meatball on a stick are standard quality and a bit more expensive then the regular street vendor
One bad thing was that they gave very little portion of rice knowing every Cambodian dish is eaten with rice. I assume the reason why is because they know people would ask for extra rice, so they charge an extra $4 for a tiny bowl of rice -_- besides the slow service and ridiculous portion of rice, the food is a must tryI was really hoping to get some beef sticks but they were sadly sold out :( I shared the cubed beef dish with my bf but when it came it was not "cubed" but it's not a big deal. I would have preferred if it came with more meat as it was much more abundant in lettuce tomato and onions. I also shared papaya salad which was spicy. The service was good.Visiting here from California we decided to come eat here on a Tuesday. We decided to walk here from REUP shoe store which is a few blocks from this Resturant. We got here at 8pm exactly (the Resturant says it closes at 9pm). One of the workers said they were closed and just took their last seating. We couldn't put in an order for a to go. This is bad business practice. He didn't give us no options at all. We are here from another state and walked here but I guess it doesn't matter.Came back to eat today and wasn't enthralled as with my first visit.  We had the sliced beef and it was so bland.  It had no taste to the beef like last time.  The papaya salad with shrimp was still good.  The chicken curry was a tad too sweet and not thick at all.  It was too watery.Really enjoyed eating at this place! The food did take long, but it was worth it! The price is reasonable since the entree is a huge amount and it comes with white rice. We are definitely lucky to look up this place due to fabulous reviews here! Overall, the food is authentic and good! Our waitress helped us which entrees were the popular ones and we were not disappointed at all. We ordered the fried quail for the appetizer. It's crispy and seasoned well. The two main entrees was the grilled beef and a seafood entree. Really enjoyed eating this meal!It might be the biggest oversight of my life that I haven't yet reviewed this local, consistently amazing, friendly, reasonably priced, high-quality, family owned Cambodian joint. Seriously, it's the greatest.
Currently Kymer has seating for about 20 and they don't take reservations. So we usually go during the week. And they do open at 11 AM on weekdays so that's a good option, too.
Why be so strategic about when to go to Kymer? Because it is a major major bummer to be jonesing for their fantastic food it and not be able to get in.
Once you do get in, a plethora of delights awaits you... They have a vast menu of dishes while names might not be familiar, but many of the ingredients will be. It doesn't matter anyway because it's all magical.
I have never crave something quite as much as I do their chicken pumpkin dish. I can't describe it so just try it. The minced pork is a specialty of the house and it is the specialty because it's so special. I also love steak with pineapple. Part of it is the texture of the silky sauce on the perfectly-cooked beef but I think what I love most is that they're not stingy with the pineapple and its sweetness counterbalances the meat so well. And a chicken lemongrass soup has replaced matzoh ball as the one I want to eat when I'm not feeling well. Spicy and sweet and touches all the right spots on Your palate.
It's BYO and cash only which keeps the cost down but the portions are so big and the quality so good they could charge me double and I would still pay it.
The family who runs it couldn't be any nicer either. 
Tip: in Spring 2016 they're apparently giving the place a facelift and there will be outdoor dining. 
Another tip: I hear there's going to be a Northern liberties outpost coming soon. Lucky nolibbers!This place is literally a hole in the wall. The place is small and cramped. It can only seats maybe 12 to 14 people maxed. Not a place to come if you have a large group of people in your party. We were lucky, we went early in the day when they just open up, so no lines.
But what they lack in size, they makes up for it in flavors.
All the food we oder was very good. We order the stir fried coconut curry mussels, coconut curry chicken, medium rare grill beef steak with fish sauce dip, rare beef salad, stir fried lemongrass chicken, fried octopus, sweet and sour fish soup.
The plate were of nice size, each plate was enough to serve 3 people. It was a great surprise. We did the best we can to try and finish it, but we couldn't. We still had leftovers.
At the end we ask for our bills and was so shocked at our bill. It came out cheaper than we thought.
This is definitely a must try a good for your buck kind of place.!!!Really small place with limited seating. Wait time is terrible but food was great. Service is friendly. BYOBI would give this place 4 stars based on food quality and friendly service, but can't due to the extremely long wait for food.  While this restaurant prides itself on making everything from scratch,  and that is how they explain long wait times, when it takes you 20- 30 minutes to get a salad on the table, your kitchen has issues. 
When we walked up late on a Sunday afternoon, the entire place was packed, and most still had menus in front of them, which is always a bad sign.  We might have left, but the person who greeted us (a young and friendly guy--the owner?) encouraged us to sit outside. 
It took us a while to decide what we would order, because some of the menu was unfamiliar and everything looked interesting. Owner guy was super friendly and knowledgeable and patient about explaining items to us and making recommendations. 
While the food took an eternity to come out, everything was quite good: 
The Nyum Sahdau salad, which I ordered based on the server's recommendation (after he asked me if I was an adventurous eater), has cabbage, bitter melon flowers, shredded chicken, cucumber and what I am pretty sure is sliced jalapenos that look deceivingly like green beans. Simultaneously bitter, spicy, salty, sweet and sour, if you enjoy eating food takes you on a sweaty, runny-nosed journey to somewhere magical, this is the salad for you.  Otherwise, steer clear and order the Nyum La-Hong (papaya salad) but ask for it mild or else it will be super spicy! 
The Sah-Law Ka-Koe-- a stew with choice of chicken or pork and pumpkin, and eggplant -- was also really good. And OMG the meatball skewers-- If you eat meat, order these! They are the fantastic! 
All in all it was a great meal, even though they jacked up our take out order and accidentally gave my brother the really spicy dish that he ended up having to throw out!  I look forward to going back, but hopefully when it's not as busy. 
The owner said they are going to revamp the menu soon, and I am hoping that will address some of the service issues.The epitome of an excellent hole-in-the-wall restaurant!  Hidden in a corner of Philly's residential zone, this quaint Cambodian restaurant truly DELIVERS!  Their food is cooked as you order to perfection. All ingredients are fresh and unique. Incredibly friendly and informative staff. The fusion of ingredients is so perfectly selected to create a truly authentic experience.Not to mention the INCREDIBLY affordable prices!! Unforgettable appetizers starting at $1.50!
Definitely check this diamond in the rough out..you won't regret it.
Bon Apetite!Khmer Kitchen was my first experience with Cambodian food and it has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. You can't go wrong with anything here. Everything is cooked and seasoned perfectly. All the dishes are flavorful and fresh, and more importantly, they're consistent! My favorites are the lok lak, pleah sach-khoe, mussels, & fried frog legs. I've tried almost everything on their menu and have yet to be disappointed. 
I once brought a couple of skeptical (Cambodian) friends and they ended up loving everything,  exclaiming how authentic all the dishes were! Also worth mentioning, their one & only waiter, Tony, is super personable and attentive. So go out of the way and venture down to Khmer Kitchen, you won't be disappointed!Great foodCOCKROACHES!  This was our first time here, and we really looked forward to it.  Alas, it was a disaster, which had nothing to do with the food. That being said, we will NEVER go back. 
 Sure, the food took a long time to come out, and one entree arrived about 15 minutes after the other, but we can deal with that.  But just after we finally got our food, there came a COCKROACH crawling up the wall next to our table!  We told the waiter and he took a napkin and squashed it.  Then he split, without the slightest apology. Despite that, we decided to suck it up and continue our meals. Not 1 minute later ANOTHER cockroach appeared, this time on one of the PLATES containing our food!  Needless to say, that was just too much. We all got up to leave, and I asked to see the manager. The workers that we told said the manager "just left". Our waiter was nowhere to be found, either. (I suspect they were one and the same guy.) One of the workers (a woman) said "they (the cockroaches) come from upstairs". So obviously this is an ongoing problem. We received not the slightest apology from anyone.  We will never return, of course.  And I will report them to the health department on Monday (today is Saturday).Finally got to try this place and it was phenomenal. We ordered the fried tilapia, papaya salad, curry mussels, and the caramelized ground pork. Now the first thing I really have to say is that I'm lao and have been to quite  how a few thai/lao restaurants in search of papaya salad like my family makes. They were all very disappointing. But not here. Their papaya salad was what satisfied my constant craving for a spicy papaya salad. It was almost like mamas. Everything we had was like comfort food to me. It reminded me of my childhood and eating with my family. It's funny how none of the thai/lao restaurants I've been to could transport me to my youth like this place did. Everything was amazing. Service was friendly. Definitely would recommend to everyone that's close by.I moved to South Philly a little over a month ago. My boyfriend is Dominican and all I eat is Spanish food (obviously I'm Cambodian). It got to a point that I missed my mom's cooking and missed being around Khmer people. So my boyfriend and I decided to stop by Khmer Kitchen, thanks to Yelp, and was greeted by a young looking server. He was genuine and sincere when my boyfriend was lost at looking at the menu.
I ordered the beef with duk-pahok and was about to cry from deliciousness before the food even got in my belly.  I don't know what my boyfriend ordered, but it was definitely something my mom made. The portion was a large size and my boyfriend couldn't finish it so I had to help.
 The server was friendly and explained how his mom, aunt, and grandma were the only cooks since it is a family owned restaurant. He introduced us to all of them and his dad. Oh, and there was the most adorable little girl that came out the back of the counter. She was smiling and everything, it was sooo cute. Definitely will be coming back soon. :) it's BYOB, and CASH ONLY.Small corner shop that's always pretty busy every time I visit. Great place for Khmer food. Interior is small and has limited seating. Service is always slow even in the afternoon. Definitely worth visiting and trying.Love this place. Cambodian is my 2nd fav cuisine (VN is #1) and it's impossible to find a Cambodian restaurant in NYC. Can't believe I found this gem in Philly. I was sad because they didnt have the Ah-mok (I had that in Cambodia and it's amazing) so I ordered fish curry instead. Can't go wrong with a Cambodian fish dish. 
Price is very decent and portion is huge. I'd def come back here. and yes,it's BYOB.In our ongoing interest in learning of new cuisines we made our way this afternoon to Khmer Kitchen. We have never before tried Cambodian food and were not familiar with any in the city.  An online search took us to the corner of 6th and Morris in South Philadelphia.  Like several other unusual Asian restaurants this is just a small place, clean, bright and unpretentious. But it did have lovely live roses on the tables.  Our young waiter was a great help to us. My guess is that he is American born and a so a bridge between two worlds.  As such he was a great help to us in selecting our lunch and explaining everything about how to enjoy or afternoon at the table.  One thing to know is that even though the menu at Khmer Kitchen divides dishes into "appetizers," "traditional," "meats," etc. All dishes are served at the same time: a method that is most common in most Asian community restaurants. We have now ceased to try to ask for the soup before the main. It just doesn't happen. Everything is on the table at once and you pick as you go. 
But to our lunch. Our first selection as appetizer (although it arrived with everything else) was the mussels in a ginger sauce.  While we actually did not get to them until a bit later, the mussels appetizer took your tastes to an experience of a sea with salty sweetness and spice: an absolute delight worthy of the finest gourmet kitchen.  From the advice of our serve we also had before us a soup of tiny eggplant, read peppers, celery and chicken in a curried broth and also a dish of ground pork served with a variety of raw vegetables.  The soup surpassed anything you might imagine: an entirely new taste enhanced by wondrously crisp fresh vegetables. The ground pork, our server explained to us, should be eater like a vegetable dip by touching the vegetables into the pork mix. Once again, the crispy raw vegetables mounted with the sweet and salty pork took the tongue to heaven.  By the way, if you prefer spicy, they will give you a little dish of finely sliced red peppers. But beware. One of those mini-slices goes quite a long way.
Now to Khmer (Cambodian) table manners. The first thing we noticed was that the table setting had no chopsticks but only a fork and spoon. This seemed a bit odd. But then we stealthily observed the Khmer families around us. It seemed that you use the fork to push the rice and accompaniment onto your spoon.  Then the spoon, and only the spoon, was raised to the mouth.  It also seemed that for certain things, you could use your fingers.
Cost wise, Khmer Kitchen is slightly more expensive than other community Asian restaurants, but only by a minimal margin. The bill comes to a little more than ten dollars per person, per course. If interesting and different cuisine interest you, make an excursion to Khmer Kitchen. Because of parking I would suggest lunch over dinner.The best Cambodian food in Philadelphia. Fresh and flavorful and will leave you craving for more. The kind of food that makes you feel alive. The mussels and the fish soup are amazing! Wonderful little spot.Great foods!! They make authentic khmer food. Love their prahok katiss and how its byob . Awesomeness in one place.This is my favorite Cambodian restaurant! Grant it, I've never been to any other Cambodian spot, but I can tell the food here is 5 star quality. 
The entire kitchen and FOH staff are family! I remember talking to the waiter/cashier/everything guy (lol) telling me who made each dish we ordered. One from his grandmother, another from his brother and the last from his mom. I thought that was so cool! 
The food is always fresh and tasty and flavors are balanced. Be careful with ordering spicy unless you can REALLY handle it. I'm a spicy eater, trust I eat the Korean Spicy Noodles just because. Unlike that, these peppers take over your mouth like no other. So just a warning!
To wrap it up, this place is definitely a hidden gem! BYOB! Small and family owned feel. Casual. 
Favorite dishes:
Cha Kr' ung (chicken)
Prah-Hak KateehThis place is truly one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.
The food comes straight from the cooking talents of a Cambodian grandmother and is, fresh, unique, and ultimately incredibly delicious. There are so many dishes that are absolutely fantastic that it is hard to narrow down and recommend one over the other. I really enjoy the papaya salad each time I go, but it's the primary entrees that steal the show.
It is not the biggest place in the world, but the service is OUTSTANDING, and the family atmosphere with which the ownership runs the business is really great. We went with a group of 7 recently and had to wait for a half hour or so, but it was a weekend and the fact that it is BYO made our wait very easy to get through. 
This place is worth going to regardless of where you live in or outside of the city. I love Khmer Kitchen and will miss it when we leave Philly.So I was getting my hair done and my hairdresser Mary was talking about her soup that she loves from this Cambodian Restaurant.  I don't even know what happened but the next thing you know, I was in a cab with a bottle of wine to said Cambodian Restaurant and it was awesome.  Our waiter told us that his entire family owned and worked at the restaurant..even his grandma!  He also knew we were newbies and reccommeded how many plates we should get as well as popular items on the menu and they did not disappoint.  Amazing! Since we had never been in the area before, they even called a cab for us when we were finished.  Awesome!I enjoy eating here it is a gem of a restaurant in South Philly. They have an spicy beef pineapple dish I love.Best Cambodian restaurant I've ever been to.  Really traditional and authentic flavors.  I would definitely recommend the red curry mussels and any of their skewers as a starter along with the papaya salad.  Be cautious with the papaya salad though because their spicy is legitimately spicy, something like 6 or more Thai chili peppers.Amazing! I wish that they didn't use foam containers for take out, but, besides that, everything was perfect.My friends and I had a great experience here.  The place is tiny and we did wait a long while for a table, but we were a large group and this was right after the review came out by Craig Laban, so it was kind of expected.  Once we were seated, the service was so warm and friendly.  Everything we ordered was bursting with flavor.  I especially enjoyed Prah-hok kahteeh, caramelized pork served with veggies.  Would love to go there again.Came here cause we were driving by Philly and were really craving Cambodian food since we came back from our trip from Cambodia. I live near the DC Area and there are absolutely no Cambodian restaurants, so was great to see that there were a few options in Philadelphia. We ordered the beef Lok Lak (sautéed beef served over lettuce and veggies) and the Sah-Law Machue Kre-ung (sour soup that we ordered with chicken). We shared both the dishes family-style since they were pretty sizable entrées. If you never had Cambodian food before, I would recommend that you get the beef lok lak, it is super delicious and would suite western taste buds. The sour soup was so flavorful, it had chunks of eggplant and the kafir lime leaf flavor definitely shone through.  Our server was very attentive and friendly. He mentioned that his family was in the back cooking and that his mom made one dish while brother made the other. Very cool! I will strive to come back when I'm in the area.I was here a couple months ago for lunch in a weekday and we were the first table seated. The place is a family run business in a not so great neighborhood. Our waiter was very friendly and gave great recommendations on food choices. We had the ground pork appetizer which was incredible. It comes with fresh veggies to dip in the pork. Our waiter joked that while American kids were eating potato chips and dip this was his go to snack food when he was young. We also got the mussels and a chicken dish both were also excellent and dishes can be altered to your desired level of spice. At the end of our meal the owner came out to introduce herself which was a very nice touch. This was one of the best meals I have had in philly. 
Some considerations-this BYOB, cash only, the food is cooked to order and comes out very slowly and I doubt they would be able to accommodate larger groups.Family owned and operated - Delicious, authentic Cambodian Southeast Asian food, homemade and freshly prepared. They take care to provide quality ingredients - even going as far as providing water in carafes that is from bottled jugs, not Philly tap! 
I highly recommend it for Asian food lovers that are looking for a whole new flavor profile - crosses over with some Thai & Vietnamese flavors, but completely unique and bursting with its own unique flavors, rich with culture!
I highly recommend the Cha K'rung (lemongrass beef) & Prah Hok Kateeh (sweet caramelized ground pork with fresh veggies).One of those restaurants on your block that just looks like the average Joe corner joint,  but then blows you away once the food comes out. 
Small, tiny, family owned BYO/cash only joint that fits maybe about 25 people at MOST. We had no idea what to order when we came, so we asked our server, who I assume is part of the family, and he took care of us and checked in throughout our entire meal. 
We ordered papaya salad, curry soup fish, Prat Hee (meat cabbage wrap), and whole fried fish, lemon-grass chicken, and was blown away by every dish. If you are to get one dish only here, I would get the whole fried fish. It doesn't look appetizing, and actually looks quite scary, but the crunchy outer skin with the veggies and dipping sauce were ABSOLUTELY perfect. Papaya salad is also extremely spicy for a salad, but SO GOOD. 
The food gets 5 stars on its own, but I would give a 4 for service. Yes, our server was wonderfully kind, but he was the ONE and ONLY server for the whole place, thus, things got mighty slow and crowded as dinner rush came. I get this is a family business, but having 1 person for the whole place isn't really ideal. 
Nonetheless, will definitely be returning, but during an off-peak hour.very friendly staffs!!!
The foods are awesome and seem very authentic. I haven't been to Cambodia myself however, i have been to Thai and Vietnam; they are neighbors :)Tony was our server. His family owns and runs the place . Each dish we had was created by a different one of his family members.  Tony took real pride in the cuisine and was wonderfully informative, professional and knowledgeable.
The papaya salad, seafood stir fry and clear broth soup with tilapia was what we ordered. Spicy, sweet, herbal, not overly seasoned and fantastic layers of flavors.  A real hidden gem. 5 stars all the way. We are going back.....often!Most amazing food in south philly. Always fast friendly and delicious even on their busiest nights.  lovelovelove  Khmer kitchen.My first Cambodian experience.  Historically, I am a shamefully picky eater, but I decided to be bold and it paid off!  
Looking at the menu beforehand, I thought that I'd be able to order plain things and pretend I was having Chinese.  That was not the case, however -- everything is served family style and my dinner companions are adventurous, which ~ala Pulp Fiction~ pretty much meant I was adventurous, too.
The overwhelming sensation is FRESH.  Every thing tasted just as it should: as if it the meat and vegetables had just been cut before being added, and as if each seasoning was added precisely on it's own.  Lucky for me, I was able to discern flavors I recognized, a teeny taste of India here, a touch of Thai over there.  My favorites? The Sah-Law Kah-Rhee Mohn (chicken coconut curry soup), and the Pleah Sach-Khoe (beef in lime juice & lemongrass).  And while I couldn't face the mussels themselves, the 'special blend green curry mix and spice' sauce in the Cha-Mussels was really, really wonderful.
Try it.  Even if you're a scaredy-cat.I really enjoy this place. I highly recommend the papaya salad, the pork dip that you eat with different veggies, the grilled steak, their fried fish, and their soup. Flavor is good, the place is authentic, and it's not fancy or over the top. The service is not Chinese and it doesn't discriminate any race. All are welcome and it's a great sit down to just eat and enjoy urself.If you're looking for authentic SE Asian food in Philly, look no further. My wife and I went here for the first time for lunch yesterday. This place IS the real deal. Amazing food. Completely authentic. Reasonably priced. We've officially added Khmer Kitchen to our list of favorite spots. 
Between the two of us, we ordered 3 dishes, which was more than enough (we ended up boxing the 3rd dish because we were already full). We started off with the Prah-hok Kateeh (second to last item under "Traditional Khmer Dish" on the menu) and absolutely loved it. This dish was recommended in other Yelp posts and also by the waiter / owner, who described it as a pork dip for fresh vegetables. So good! After that, we had the Cha Kr'ung with frog, spicy (second to last under "Saute Dish"). This dish was nothing short of incredible. The final dish, which we had to box up, was a soup with pumpkin in it (can't remember the name) which was also good but had a bit of a strong smell to it that caught me off guard at first (fish sauce?). Regardless, we ended up having it for dinner and were completely satisfied. 
***CASH ONLY***
***BYOB***Now my only exposure to Khmer food is through my girlfriend, so I don't have much of a benchmark in terms of what makes it good or amazing.  However, we had 2 dishes, a steak with their version of chimichurri and a fried fish with mango slaw and both were very very tasty!  It's definitely worth a stop if you're into that kind of cuisine.  We came around noon the Saturday before Memorial day and were the only ones there, but it quickly filled up within an hour.Khmer Kitchen is a very cozy (~6-7 tables), family owned and operated restaurant that serves authentic Cambodian food! One heads up that I will give is that it can get really hot in there during the summer months. I'm not sure if the AC was broken or if they had it off, but it was just as humid inside as it was outside the day we visited..eeek! 
Since this was our first experience eating Cambodian cuisine, we based our order off of the reviews of other Yelpers and the recommendations from our friendly waiter and ate family style: Prah-hok, Cha mussels, and Cha Kr'ung with Chicken (medium spicy). 
- Prah-hok is ground pork seasoned slightly sweet and spicy, served with an assortment of raw veggies (cucumber, cabbage, eggplant, peppers, and carrots). It is worth trying with a group - perfect portion size to share. The key is to eat it fast and while the pork is still hot. Once it cooled down, the greasy taste from the pork was more apparent. But overall, the fresh veggies balance out the pork and make the dish work.
- The Cha mussels were on the sweet side. If you like sweet sauces, you would probably like this dish. The mussels were large, but because of the flavor, this dish is passable for me though. 
- Cha Kr'ung with Chicken was the highlight of Khmer Kitchen!! Our waiter told us that this was his grandma's specialty and I totally get why! SO GOOD!!! Even though I was full by the time this dish came out, I devoured it. The chicken and veggies were cooked to perfection. The sauce was slightly spicy and made this dish amazing. I would come back just to eat this again! Grandma knows best :) Home-style cooking at its finest.Stopped in here about a month ago. Ordered the Sah-Law Macheu if I recall. It was an interesting dish with a pleasing combination of flavors that are not found in my normal cuisine. A lot of pineapple was used in the dish, which I am a fan of (especially when combined with chicken). The atmosphere was decent, with wifi (which I was unable to use since the staff member did not know the password) and a TV. Overall my first experience with Cambodian food and it did not disappoint. I would recommend everyone give it a try and I would visit again.Yes! I don't know why I haven't review this place, especially when I'm a frequent diner! Being half Cambodian, this is as close to momma's cooking or shall I say... "Slightly better." (Don't tell my mom though). This is my number 1 go to place for authentic home style khmer cooking that is oh so yummy in my tummy. Every visit has never left me in disappointment. Ever! It is a small lovely restaurant that's family owned and operated. Get to know them and you will feel a part of it too. Amicable seating that tends to fill up quickly. Unless you are lucky, expect a wait on the weekends. Portions are huge with plenty of leftovers to take home. Prices are fair reasonable, though I feel it has gone up just a tad bit. However, I would still give them 5 stars all around despite that it is "Cash Only."Amazing food. Like, I'm sure, many people, Khmer Kitchen was my first exposure to Cambodian food. The cuisine itself is familiarly Southeast Asian, but with a different emphasis. The bright balance of Vietnamese food can still be found in the bitter flower salad (THE BEST!) or the ginger mussels (CAN THIS ALSO BE THE BEST?), but a lot of the menu is quite different. The subtly soured soups with pumpkin and pineapple have deep flavor, with a different tone. The banana-leaf grilled pork and mushrooms eaten on top of mixed raw veg is rich and savory. Many of the dishes here play with richness and bitterness---on their new menu, especially the pumpkin stir fry (OKAY, ONE MORE BEST THING).
If the food were this good, that would be one thing. But the people are just the sweetest. Tony is knowledgable, funny, and engaging. They close at a reasonable hour and take Mondays (and some holidays) off---in an industry where people work themselves ragged, I'm really glad that they take time for themselves.
Bring some beers, order basically anything, enjoy. It's a small place, so you may have to wait.Love this place! The portions they give you are HUGE and so fresh. I have been to Cambodia but didn't even know you could find Cambodian food in Philly until recently. Next time I will have the clams in curry sauce.This place is a gem in the rough. First let me just talk about the OUTSTANDING service:
My bf and I came here for the first time after finding it on Yelp. It was already a full-house on a Wednesday night! (Good signs) It's a small little corner-front cafe-vibe type place where you have to sit pretty close to people, but the service and the customers are great so it really isn't a problem.
When ordering, the waiter had excellent recommendations and even told us when we ordered ENOUGH food for the two of us. I liked that, he wasn't trying to up-sell anything, he genuinely told us which choices we might like and how big they were going to be. 
Food was so fantastic and came out extremely quick; this was my first Cambodian experience and I was satisfied. The Frog Legs + The mussels were the biggest I've ever eaten. 
Back to the service of this family-ran restaurant: IT IS CASH ONLY. So, my boyfriend had to go down the street to walk to the ATM, and just as we had to do that.. The waiter WALKED HIM THERE, being as the restaurant is in a sketchy area to be walking around at night. THAT IS REAL CUSTOMER SERVICE. We couldn't believe it. 
The food is great but the service & experience was one of the best I've ever had in Philadelphia. I will be back to this place. (BYOB too!)It is easy to love this place because it has a great reputation and the people are just so kind.  But the food was a three or four.  Service and atmosphere were a five.  
The place was packed and we had to wait.  They gave us free bottles of water and handed us the menu.  They told us if we wanted to order while waiting the food would be ready by the time the table was ready.  So smart.  Thank you people.  The rest of the services was every bit as attentive.
We had a pork and pumpkin dish that was good.  Perfect cozy fall food. We also had a chicken curry that was average.  This food seemed very home cooking, down to earth, and made with a lot of love.  Everyone eating in the restaurant just seemed to be beaming and happy.In Philly for the weekend and I heard there was a Cambodian community!  As a Cambodian-American, I was pretty excited and took my bf to Khmer kitchen for him to try Khmer cuisine.  He loved it and I thought it was wonderful!  It reminded me of my mom's cooking :). Great service, too!  We highly recommend this place :)Pros:
-Absolutely great for group dining! Each dish could be shared with a group of people.
-Curry
Cons:
-Tilapia wasn't worth it.
-Rather small.I had lunch here last week on the way to NY, the foods were so good . I came back today and they closed :(I was hesitant to try this place, though I was very interested in Cambodian food, because it seemed like it was very challenging to eat vegetarian here.  Based upon the reviews here, as well as any menu items I could find on line, it all seemed very meaty.  This is not the case at all.  The menu has items that can be made vegetarian identified clearly.  In addition, when I ordered, the server suggested another dish to add on that could be made vegetarian.  I ordered everything "very spicy" and it was, but not in a burning spicy way, it was hot yet sweet and full of flavor.  
The atmosphere was cozy and we felt very welcomed there though it seemed like all of the other patrons were friends/family of the server.  At the end of the meal, when clearing our plates, the sever told us that each dish we had ordered represented a family member.  "This is my grandmother, this is my uncle, and this is my mother" he said as he pointed to each dish.  It really was a lovely way to finish a great meal.  Also, I was able to BYO a beer and not feel weird about that.  I am pretty sure that the vegetarian dishes were also vegan though I did not specifically inquire.Everything I had was outstanding, much of it I simply cannot remember by name but all execelent.   We were lucky to get a table on a weeknight as it's small inside, parking nearby can be a challenge too.   The standout entree for me was the salad with spicey ground pork which was amazing.   Friendly family owned with good service and menu advice.We ate here on a Saturday evening and it was great. A guy on the Megabus told me to check it out, but to call ahead and see if we could even be seated that night. Luckily, we slipped in right before a line started to accumulate.
We ordered the ginger whole fried tilapia based on recommendation from the guy on the bus (great guy btw) and the Prah-Hok Kahteeh (I'm just going to call it pork dip) based on recommendation through Yelp. The pork dip came out first and it was good, but based on the dishes I saw coming out, I wish we went with something else. The fish, on the other hand, was exceptional. 
When the whole fish came out it was one of those wow moments. The ginger sauce on top and the vegetables were amazing. Crispy on the outside, the fish was tender and meaty throughout. And, we crushed that thing. Goodbye fish. Actually, it was huge and we took half of it home. Oh yeah, it's BYO too so that's always a plus.5 stars if not for excruciatingly long wait. 
Rainy Friday dinner, tables weren't all filled after we were seated, yet we had to wait 1+ hr to be seated (initial expectation was 30 min), another 30 min for orders to be taken, and well over yet another 30 for food (including appetizers) to arrive.
Otherwise, food was so good! Definitely get Off the menu coconut curry chicken sauté, shrimp (and I forget what else but it's the 2nd item on last page) soup with light coconut curry essence, coconut curry mussels. 
(Wanna try frog legs next time - they were out)
You'd think that would be too much curry for 1 dinner, but we didn't even share family style - just thoroughly satisfying tidbits from each other's portions.
Can't wait to visit again!  Just going to aim for a weeknight.After reading the reviews, we knew that we had to try Khmer Kitchen when we were in Philly for Labor Day Weekend. We were so lucky that they opened up the day we were flying back home (they were closed for a month long vacation). We literally stopped here to eat before our flight back to San Diego and so glad we did! The portion sizes are family style so it's a lot of food. We ordered the prahok kahteeh and salaw krakho and it was delicious! Lots of flavor and not overly salty. Perfect last meal before heading home. You can tell the food is cooked fresh and wasn't sitting around all day. Cambodian food is an art that is very involved and I can appreciate the  time and effort that the folks at Khmer Kitchen put into their cooking! Tony is the only waiter in the place. He's super friendly and attentive. So glad we got to support this family owned restaurant! We will definitely go back if we are in the area again and have told our friends they need to try this place.First time trying Cambodian food and it was amazing. Went with a large group and the service was greatFirst time ever tried this food...omg I'm in heaven...food porn!!! Love it!!! So many things to chose from..ugh just love itA lot of food for your buck and it's more than delicious. I'll be back as soon as I can. A must. Heck out of you like a little sweet and a little kick of spice at the same time.The food was amazing!!! service was great and my date was beautiful. I would definitely come back. hopefully they'll expand soon.Please go here. 
This place is a real treat - I used to live in Providence years ago, which had a few great spots for Cambodian, but I haven't found anything that came close until now.
First, everything is super-fresh and done just right. Crispy crunchy papaya salad, perfectly grilled and delicately-seasoned beef with lime juice, etc, etc. Perfect for a summer dinner (and presumably other seasons as well), and they even brought out some yummy samples of jackfruit and dragonfruit as a post-dinner palate cleanser.
Second, they understand that 'hot' means 'hot', and they didn't simply assume that I have a glass jaw when it comes to spicy food just because my skin is so pale that it borders on see-through. I don't, and their 'hot' was enough to make blood come rushing up to my cheeks but not so bad that I wanted to pause in my consumption for even a second. Proper.
And finally, they're super-nice and friendly - the waiter checked back to make sure the extra peppers in my food weren't slowly dissolving me from the inside out, and everybody checked in with me at some point to see how the meal was. There was a little bit of a wait, but totally worth it.
Unfortunately, there was barely anybody there last night - a bit odd for a Saturday and hopefully just a fluke. But just in case, go here and spread the word, so that I can count on getting my fix in the future...Excellent. Lots of flavor, not too greasy, very personable staff. This is s family business with a modern feel and a great price. Need to go back and try more items, but the chicken stick was delicious and not over spiced. You could still taste all the ingredients, which is often not true for Southeast Asian cuisine. Best Cambodian I've had and would've been 5 stars if the pork rib cuts were leaner.I heard about Khmer Kitchen through a friend & was so happy to give it a try! I was definitely impressed with the delicious food & great service!! It is CASH ONLY & I found out after arriving but thankfully I had some cash on hand! Being khmer myself, I would recommend this place to everyone, tasted like a good home cooked meal!The third time a charm? This was our third attempt to get into the Khmer Kitchen. The first two times, even on a Sunday afternoon around 2:00 PM, there was over a 90 minute wait for a table. Ah, the power of yelp and the word getting out! Finally on this occasion, around 5:30 on a Sunday we walked in and at long last an open table. The place filled up pretty quickly and there was soon a waiting list. The list swelled to 14 by the time we left!
I would really want to give the Khmer Kitchen 3.5 stars but again I wish yelp had the 1/2 star feature. Why only 3 or 3.5 stars? This is kind of complicated. First, the staff at the Khmer Kitchen is polite and genuine. They explained that Khmer Kitchen is a true family run restaurant which is nice. However  organization is lacking.  For example, when we were seated it was about 10 minutes before we got a menu, and this was only after we asked for the menus from the table next to us to us when they were done ordering. Then we were informed all of the grilled meatballs and sticks were sold out. This was at 5:30 PM on a Saturday. Finally, they have a 2 cap table that they will not use to seat anyone. On two occasions, they told us, and several other patrons that the table is dangerous and can't be used. Why not get a new table, fix it or remove it? The place is small and only holds about 15-20 people, they could use  that extra table. It is just frustrating.
Once we ordered, and we ordered 4 dishes, the first three dishes came out very smoothly, actually perfectly, one almost precisely after we finished the last. The first dish was a beef stew that was on the special menu. It was excellent and tender. The waiter said it was slow cooked all day. It came with carrots and was very filling. The next dish we had was chicken in a pumpkin and ginger broth. This was also very good, Then we had the vegetable stir fry in curry which had a lot of flavor. We ordered one other dish, a grilled steak with cucumber and a spicy sauce. This was really good too and had a nice grilled flavor. The problem with this dish was we waited more then 30 minutes for the steak after our third dish was finished. We didn't have anywhere to go so it was fine. But we did feel bad for the several other patrons waiting patiently for their tables.
The food was very good and the prices were great. For 4 people our check was $46.00 and we over ordered by at least one dish. A party of four could easily eat happily here for under $10.00 each! The Khmer Kitchen is cash only too.
We would go back to the Khmer Kitchen but I would try to get even earlier when they are not so swamped so we could try the meatballs and grilled sticks. If they had all the menu items and the organization improved I would give Khmer Kitchen 4 stars easily. Parking was also pretty easy on the street which was a pleasant surprise.This is a great little place. the food is delicious and the portions feed 2 people, or 1 really hungry person, and it doesn't break the bank. bring cash and an appetite to try good foodphilly's hole-in-the-wall hidden khmer gem. everything here is deliciousWent there for a classmate reunion. The food were delicious and the service was really nice. First time trying Khmer food and it was not what I was expecting! I loves the Caramelized pork, mussels, kabobs... Everything we ordered were delicious. I'm not a big fan of the soups, but everything else was really good. Definitely would go back againFresh, outstandingly tasteful. This little joint in south philly serves some of the best Asian food I have ever had. Bravi!We were the last folks seated at the restaurant Friday night. - no wait  The decor / interior is pretty basic.  It seems like a family run place, and it showed in a good way.  Our server helped us out making menu selections and several people from the kitchen came out to check on us  and / or talk about the food.  This was my first experience with Cambodian food and I am definitely a fan.  We had the caramelized pork, papaya salad, curried chicken skewers and one of the soups.  All were excellent, though the papaya salad stood out to me as being really stellar.  As we were told when we ordered, the portions are massive so we had plenty of left overs.  The place is also BYOB which is a plus.
All around great food, good value and friendly service.Outstanding!  So glad I chose this place to try Cambodian for the first time.  BYOB and cheap, delicious food made for a great evening.  Will definitely visit again to try more items from that incredible menu.Everything is just perfect! Byob, inexpensive, fresh, from scratch, amazingly delicious. Couldn't recommend this place enough, just ask my friends, who also now love this little place hidden in south philly.Really amazing Cambodian food. Everything we had was delicious, especially the spicy sauteed sweet pumpkin with chicken and the medium-rare steak. The service was also friendly and speedy, and it's BYOB. The only downside is that it's cash-only, the hours aren't great (closes early) and the restaurant has very few seats, so it'll be a wait.I love, love, love this place! I always try to stop by whenever we are in Philly, we actually came here a few times from NY just to have dinner here.  Did I mention that I love this place?  My ultimate goal is to try all of the dishes on the menu, which has been difficult as I always order the same 2-3 dishes each time.  See below for the dishes I have tried, which are ranked based on my preference:
Prah-Hok Kateeh - My absolute favorite dish and I have to order it every time I come here.  It doesn't look much in pictures, but trust me, you will love it.  It is basically ground pork that is flavored to perfection and you eat it with an assortment of vegetables.  I can eat this dish everyday!  Actually Khmer Kitchen inspired me to try to replicate this dish at home, I have tried a bunch of different variations of this dish using recipes from the internet, and none have even come close to the ones served here.
Sah-Law Machue Yuin - Another dish that I always order. It is a sweet and sour soup that comes with either chicken, fish or shrimp.  My personal favorite is the fish version.  Due to the fact that there are no Cambodian restaurants in NYC, I try to order a similar dish when I go to Vietnamese restaurants, but needless to say, none have come close to this dish.  I love the fresh pineapples (most other places use canned ones), and the gourd melon, which I have never had before I came here, now I love it!
Cha Throp - stir fried eggplant that comes with either pork or chicken.  I love the pork version, the pork just melts in your mouth.  The flavor could be similar to eggplant with garlic sauce from Chinese restaurants, but Khmer Kitchen uses big pieces of perfectly flavored pork instead of group pork, which I think makes a huge difference
Cha Mussels - The sauce for this dish is out of this world.  True story, my friend actually took the leftover sauce to go so that she can eat it over rice for lunch the next day, no mussels, just the sauce.  The mussels are great too, but the sauce this the star of this dish, and I kind of wish they serve bread with this dish so I can sop up that delicious heavenly sauce.
Pleah Sak-Koe- It is basically a rare beef salad.  For people who are a bit squeamish about eating rare beef, this is probably not the dish for you. For the more adventurous eaters, give this a chance.  It is super refreshing, particularly during the summer.  Could be a bit spicy, so be forewarned!
Sah-Law Machue Kr'ung - another soup with either chicken or beef.  I liked the aforementioned sweet and sour soup better, but this one has my favorite protein, i.e. beef.  The beef is super tender and flavorful.  I picked out all of the beef while everyone else was busy talking (no, that's not rude at all)
Kuh-Puh Ch'in - Shrimps that are lightly battered and fried to perfection.  I am not a huge fan of shrimp, but if I have to eat shrimp, I would eat this any day.
Cha La-Pauh - stir fried pumpkin with either chicken or pork.  I don't like pumpkin, but the pork in this dish is so yummy.  I had to be sneaky and pick out the pork as I did with the previously mentioned soup.  Everyone that liked pumpkins at the table raved about this dish.
Cha Kr'ung - stir fry dish with celery and pepper, comes with either chicken or beef.  It was just ok, nothing too spectacular to report.  
Cha Lok-Lak - my least favorite dish.  It is basically beef cubes on a bed of lettuce.  Perhaps I should've dipped the beef in the sauce longer, but it is not as flavorful as the rest of the menu.
This is a family restaurant with the mother and grandmother in the back cooking, and coming here feels like going home to mom's cooking, well if your mom is Cambodian and an amazing cook.  The waiter is super friendly, I assume he's the son/grandson to the chefs.  He's always very patient in answering whatever questions we have, and always accommodating with all of the annoying requests I have (i.e. more vegetables for the Prah-Hok Kateeh, more napkins, takeout containers for the leftover sauce).  The only downside is that the hours can be unpredictable, so definitely call beforehand.  I have been disappointed numerous times because they had to close early, or open late for various reasons, as I don't live in Philly, I couldn't wait around for them to open.  It has been a running joke between us that we are 'lucky' if the place is actually open when they say they would.  However, they have a loyal customer in me, I will come back here again and again!Absolutely a wonderful find.  Opened only a few months, it has struggled to establish a following.  Formerly a Mexican restaurant, the owner family is wonderful.  Each member, from grandma to grandson specializes in particular dishes.  Some would say the service is slow, but that is because every dish is cooked from scratch--even the soup.  And are they wonderful.  We were asked if we wanted our papaya salad very spicy.  We said Yes!  But, we never expected it to be on fire!  I could not taste any other dishes for at least 30 minutes after I sampled the salad.  I was warned ahead of time, but thought I was up to handle any degree of heat.  Oh, was I wrong.  My tongue was in pain!  I do not blame them at all, just part of the discovery process.  I will get the more mild one next time.  We loved the food and now know what dishes to moderate the heat.  The son is very attentive and wants very much to please, He introduced us to this family and we had a lovely chat.  The menu is written so that it faces both directions so that everyone can read the same menu put in the middle of the table.  Please do try.This place is awesome and reminds me of my days spent in Cambodia. It's away from Center City, but it's a gem once you arrive. The staff is incredibly friendly, and the food is unbelievably delicious (absolutely loved the green curry mussels). A very warm and inviting atmosphere as it's a family run business. I am planning to take many visitors here when they come to Philadelphia even though it's away from the action downtown.Khmer Kitchen has been on my must-eat list basically since it opened, so when my colleague suggested that we head there for a mid-week dinner, there was no way I was going to pass up the chance to FINALLY try Khmer Kitchen. I was surprised at how small the dining area was, but this is the case for a lot of small BYOBs in South Philly (maybe 24 seats tops?) The atmosphere is clean and homey, and the service is warm and welcoming. I came by with a friend who is a regular, but I don't think that we got any more special treatment than any of the other diners. Our server was awesome and super funny. For the table of three we shared:
Nyum La Hong, the green papaya salad, which we went for with medium spice, just trying to be cautious, but I think I definitely could've gone for spicy
Prah Hok Kateeh, pork in coconut cream with fish sauce and tons of fresh veggies for scooping - this was like nothing I had ever tasted before and was a true highlight, as many of my fellow Yelpers have pointed out
Sah-Law Kah-Ree Mohn, curried chicken with lots of fresh veggies, especially celery, and rice
Cha Throp, purple eggplant with oyster sauce and we went with the pork option - this reminded me a lot of Thai sweet basil dishes I've had in the past and while it was tasty it was not the most unique in terms of our overall experience, but seriously it was tasty
If you've never had Cambodian before, I would say strongly that you should not hesitate to check Khmer Kitchen out. There is nothing intimidating about the experience even if you're a newbie, so expand your palette and hit up these folks ASAP.I have to admit my expectations were very high considering I'm Cambodian and have heard so much about this place.
I ordered the Fried Quail and the Beef Lok Lak. The restaurant was kinda small, but in no way did they seem busy. The food took over an hour to come out. Now I have a lot of love for my people so it hurts me to write this, but my server didn't even say, "Sorry for the wait." Or "The kitchen is backed up." At least lie to me so I'm not just sitting there for an hour freaking pissed off and hungry. The food comes out and I am very underwhelmed. The Fried Quail was mainly all breading. Definitely do not order that if you're absolutely starving. The Beef Lok Lak? Tough just like how my mom makes it. It became very clear that every Cambodian overcooks their Beef whether it's Lok Lak or Beef skewers. My mom is scared of even the slightest bit of pink in the meat. Beef is so juicy when it's cooked medium so I really don't understand the fear of pink meat... I'm still alive right? I much rather eat Vietnamese Shaky Beef because it's more tender and caramelized (don't call me a traitor please haha). Honestly my review wouldn't sound so critical if it wasn't for the amount of hype surrounding this place.
Again, I have love for my people so they're not getting a 1 star review. Hopefully it was just an off day for them.This is the best Cambodian food
Tuk Prahuk taste soo good please try this restaurant located in south philly. You will like it and the price is reasonable also
Fast service and friendly.I've been coming here multi times - w fam and friends. The food is always consistent good. Our go to dishes are: cha-mussels, fried tilapia, Cha Lok-Lak (similar to Vietnamese shaking beef).First impression was: oh, a corner restaurant but the inside ambiance is quiet and homey. Although the restaurant was quite small, I didn't feel crowded in my own table (there was 3 other tables occupied and there were only about 6 or 7 tables). 
The food was amazing! I apologize, I don't remember the names, but I got mussels, this chicken  meat platter and a beef platter. They were all really good and was very flavorful. The quantity of the food is a lot so be careful. It's more of a sharing of the food than getting your own plate and platter. 
The server was working the front by himself but was very attentive and nice! Wasn't awkward when he approached us and I didn't feel uncomfortable. I highly recommend this place for a good fix of Khmer food.I'd say it's a 4.5.  Can we talk about how colorful the dishes are?? More importantly, can we talk about how delicious the food was? 
So, I had the:
Salaw Machu Kreung (lemongrass soup with slices of beef lungs)
Pleah Sach Ko (Raw beed salad)
Prah Hok Kateeh (ground beef marinated with fermented fish served with vegetables)
Mussels with coconut sauce
Mussels with curry sauce
Frog meat with vegetables (Forgot the name)
Kah-Puh Chin (Fried shrimp with some sort of mayo/sriracha sauce)
Cooked (Grilled?) beef with fermented fish sauce
Some sort of chicken dish I totally forgot
Out of these dishes, my favorites are: Kah-Puh Chin, Prah Hok Kateeh, and the grilled beed with fermented fish sauce, and the raw beef salad.
My least favorite was the mussels with the curry sauce, which was surprising because I totally thought I'd like it based off how delicious it looks from other people's pictures.
It was my first time eating frog as well.  It wasn't too bad; it was like chewy chicken meat.  It was also my first time eating raw beef. Again, I was surprised I liked it.
Now make no mistake, Cambodian food is completely different from other Asian dishes.  I don't know how to describe it, but it's a more "ethnic/heavy" tasting.  The dishes use a lot of lemongrass.  Khmer Kitchen is authentic Cambodian food, but it's slightly on the sweeter side, according to one friend who just came from Cambodia. The food is still delicious, though!  If you're new to Cambodian food, I'd recommend the Prak Hok Kateh or Kah-Puh Chin.
The service is great; they are very accommodating and casual.  The restaurant itself was very small.  I believe there were only 8-10 tables that can seat a group of 4.  This restaurant is very popular.  I suggest asking for a reservation.  My group of 8 got lucky and got seated right away.  
Word of advice, the kitchen closes at 8 pm so come before 8 pm.  Also, cash only!!At Khmer Kitchen, my heart and stomach reach a happy place that can only be achieved when eating authentic Southeast Asian food. Even though half my family tree is rooted in Thailand, not Cambodia, the flavor profile and hominess of the dishes at Khmer Kitchen deeply resonate with me. 
The star dishes here are the papaya salad, stewed pork and eggs, and the chicken curry. I highly recommend asking Rick for recommendations rather than relying on Yelp or your own tastes to order. He will let you know with pride what special dishes grandma and her team of children (his aunts and uncles) are cooking that night.
As is always the case with home cooking, there are always a few imperfect dishes that you don't ask your parents to make when you visit home. I am not a huge fan of the seafood dishes, namely the curry mussels and fried fish. Also, the lemongrass stir-fry was too mild in flavor for me.
If you're not sure if you've ever had authentic Southeast Asian food, please come here to see what you're missing. We as customers should raise our standards so that Center City restaurants can't get away with charging us high prices for subpar, inauthentic food.I'm not sure what this was called but the curry soup was such a great dish! I would definitely come again just for that! I also like the ground pork dish as well, good for appetizer. One dish I didn't like was the steak with the dipping sauce.. The sauce was a little too sour for me. I wouldn't get that again. Other than that, everything was  well.Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. 
The explosive flavors, price to value ratio, great service (Tony is the man), BYOBness, and love that goes into making this fantastic food are tough to beat. The only downsides are that it is cash only, which I can get over, and far from where I live, which I am trying to persuade them to change.
For those who are unaware, Cambodia borders Thailand and Vietnam, and this is clearly reflected in the food as well. You get the refreshing lightness and acidity of Vietnamese cuisine as well as the curries and spiciness of Thai, all with a unique Cambodian flare. 
There is nothing here I haven't fully enjoyed. Prahok kahteeh (carmelized pork) is my favorite - on multiple occasions I have ordered takeout and trekked down here solely for this dish. The flavor of the pra-hok (fermented fish) marries perfectly with the sweetened pork, and the plate of veggies it's served on is like a work of art. Other highlights are mussels in curry (douse that sauce on your rice to find heaven), beef lok lak (with the citrusy dipping sauce!), and papaya salad (they make it real spicy if you ask). It is truly a family run business (the owner, mom, and aunt are the chefs), and everyone here is super friendly and ready to provide recommendations.
They do charge you for rice, probably because they know how addictive their sauces are, but maybe this is balanced by the fact that they serve bottled water free of charge (though why do you do this? Tap water in Philly is plenty safe). This place gets PACKED on weekends, and pretty much any day after 6:30ish - so go early and enjoy!Small, mom-and-pop, CASH-ONLY, BYOB establishment that serves OUT OF THIS WORLD Cambodian food!  It is well-priced.  You leave full, satisfied and with leftovers as well!
They don't take reservations and I wouldn't recommend dining here for a large party.  I would stick to a party of 4 or less.  The service can be slow a lot of times, but the server is super helpful and the FOOD IS WORTH THE WAIT!  I recommend calling ahead before making the trip to S.Philly because sometimes, they may close for Cambodian holidays or for a catering job.  It's the worst to be excited for a meal to find out that the restaurant is closed that day!
MUST TRY STARTERS:  
GRILLED SEASONED MEATBALL STICKS:  These are AMAZING!!  Unfortunately, they don't always have it because 1) there was high demand for it that day and they ran out or 2) it's the winter time and they can't grill these bad boys in the cold!  I usually call ahead to see if they have any that day or can put some aside for my visit!
PRAH-HOK KAHTEEH:  This is a caramelized ground pork with various spices.  It is served with seasonal vegetables that you use to dip in the minced pork.  The smell may be tough for diners who are new to Southeast Asian cuisine, but it's a tasty must-try!
MUST TRY FAMILY-STYLE DISHES:
SOUPS:  I really enjoy ALL of their soups/stews.  But my friends and boyfriend's favorite is the SAH-LAW MACHEU KAHTEEH with the PORK RIB TIP.  It is a slow-simmered sour soup prepared with coconut milk base, fresh pineapple, and fresh basil.  The coconut and lemon grass makes it very tasty and aromatic.  It has A LOT of pineapples and we wish they had less pineapples and maybe add potatoes or carrots to balance out the sweet pineapples and to absorb the tasty broth.  It is served with pork ribs and tips.  It would be even tastier if there were more pork ribs because the meat on the bones are much more tender!
CHA MUSSLES OR TALAPIA FILETS:  This dish is prepared and cooked in a special blend green curry mix and spice tossed with fresh basil.  WE LOVE THE CURRY and always ask for extra sauce, please!  Most diners order the mussels, but I prefer to order this dish with the fileted tilapia.  It really depends if I'm already ordering another fish dish or not.  If I order another fish dish, then I order this with the mussels.  If not, then I order this with the tilapia.
WHOLE TALAPIA with Tamarind Sauce:  Some may be afraid of eating whole fish with the head and bones in tack.  But com'on, the rest of the world eats their fish this way - it's so much tastier.  I love the tamarind sauce that they give on the side - I pour it all over the fish.
SO-SO DISHES:
GRILLED BEEF STICK or GRILLED CURRY CHICKEN STICK:  These are ok - they can be dry and lack taste.  The Cambodian street vendors' sticks are tastier and more tender.  I would recommend the meatball sticks instead if you can eat pork.
BOK LA-HONG:  It is a spicy papaya salad with fresh tomatoes.  I don't always order this because of the other great dishes, but sometimes I will if I feel like I ordered too much protein and need some more veggies in my meal.
SKIP THIS DISH:
PLEAH SACH-KHOE: The menu says that it is "thinly sliced choice beef marinated in lime juice, lemongrass, khmer kitchen sauce and spices top with fresh herbs."  The description sounds good and we've mistakenly ordered it a couple of times, forgetting that we didn't like this dish before.  I would suggest SKIPPING this dish.  The beef doesn't have much flavor and is not the best quality.  And the beef is not marinated - the sauce is served on the side.  Khmer Kitchen has so many other great dishes.  Skip this one.
Man, I am salvating and want to go to Khmer Kitchen now!!place seems to be closed??? we attempted to dine there last night. 5/19/15, no sign of life.  i think it is kaput.  sadAmazing!!! This is the only Cambodian restaurant I've been to outside of Cambodia and what an amazing experience!!!
Total for 4 people was $56 with TONS of leftovers. Next time we should probably only order 3 dishes-- but they were all so yummy. 
Based on the reviews- we got there on Friday at 5:30pm to avoid the crowds and we were the second table seated. Whew. 
Dishes came out in the following order: 
1. Sah-law ka koe- simmered chicken with veggies -- delish! It's like a curry but much lighter with lemongrass flavors and veggies like papaya and eggplant. A definitely must.
2. Cha Krung- spicy beef with celery and lemongrass. The spicy-ness of this dish was perfect and had a light coating of grated lemongrass and peppers. Also a must order. 
3. Nyum sahdau-  traditional salad with tons of different ingredients and fish sauce. Server (who is the son of the cooks) told us to eat the salad slowly to enjoy the various profiles and that each bite tastes different. It definitely did! Unfortunately by the time this dish came out we were starting to get full and so we packed this away to save room for the last dish. 
4. Threh chin- tilapia filet with a coconut / peanuty sauce. Also delicious and loved the creaminess of the sauce. 
So many things to like about this place-- the mom and pop nature (various generations were cooking our food in the back), the BYOB with no corkage fee (and they'll keep your white wine cold for you in their fridge), and the amazing dishes. Wish we had a Cambodian place in DC-- the most similar at this point would be Thip Khao for Laotian food in Columbia Heights. I would choose Khmer kitchen over Thip Khao any day.Oh my LORD, Khmer Kitchen is AMAZING. I tried Cambodian food for the first time a couple weeks ago in Los Angeles. It was awesome, so my expectations were high. 
The food, the jasmine hot tea, the friendly service and great recommendations are exceeded any expectations I had. My dining partner and I tried the chicken skewers, the meatballs, the Prah-Hok Kateeh (chopped pork in an incredible sauce served with fresh raw veggies and rice) and a delicious hand-chopped chicken saute. 
EVERYTHING WAS SO GOOD???? My dining partner and I both agreed it was the best food we've ever eaten in Philadelphia (maybe in the world.) Khmer Kitchen literally blew our minds. 
The contrast of the deeply flavored pork, the fresh vegetables, the lemongrass, and the grilled delicious meat on a skewer????? It's impossible to say good enough things about the food. SO MANY NEW FLAVORS??? SO MANY GREAT COMBINATIONS??
The really kind and helpful server even brought us  four mussels that the kitchen staff were lunching on. The whole family was really welcoming. We didn't wait long as all for the food. 
ALSO, the price was ASTOUNDING for the amount and the quality of food we got. HOW DO THEY AFFORD TO MAKE SUCH FRESH CUISINE FOR THE PRICE??? SO MANY VEGETABLES?????????????
The neighborhood is awesome??? Super fun to explore south philly and find even more local gems!!!!!!!!!!! 
WE MIGHT START GOING EVERY WEEK?? It's definitely our new date place. 
AND!!! IT'S BYOB!!!!!! The mere thought of drinking wine and eating at Khmer Kitchen is almost enough to give me a heart attack from the happiness???
I am beside myself. GO RIGHT NOW SO THIS RESTAURANT STAYS IN BUSINESS FOREVER. ALSO GO RIGHT NOW SO YOU CAN KNOW THE ECSTATIC CULINARY PLEASURE I KNEW WHILE I SAT IN KHMER KITCHEN. 
I wish i could give this place 10 stars.We love to eat and try all sorts of cuisines. Drove up to Philly for the day from DC to do just that! We're used to fresh food (my husband is an excellent cook), so going to a mom and pop place was right up our alley. As it turns out, it's more of a mom, grandma, and aunt place, as the waiter/son told us. The place has about 10 tables and the 20-something guy is on the floor alone (takes orders, brings orders, cleans up, etc.). So if you're used to a waiter in a starched shirt or a maître'd, this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for some tasty food, this place is great! 
Our daughter ordered the chicken sweet basil stir fry (cha mareh prov?). The flavor was unbelievable. My husband got the lemon grass seafood stir fry (cha kreung samouth?)... by far one of the best dishes I've ever eaten. (I'm ordering that the next time we go! ) And I ordered the curry chicken soup (sawlaw karee mohn?). [Please excuse my typos!] The curry was out of this world. I felt like asking him to hold the potatoes and the chicken and just give me the curry soup by itself. Would it have been a faux pas if I had asked for a ladle?! It was THAT good!! 
Don't get dressed up to come here. That's not what this place is about. As for the TV that another reviewer mentioned... was she on a date or something?! Who cares about a TV? Just ignore it. The 20-something-year-old told us that his family is really into sports. If they cook that well, let them plaster the walls with TVs! We're definitely coming back!!Hands down best chicken red curry I've ever had. Also, the service is excellent. The portions are huge, be prepared to have left overs.Yummy. Yummy. Yummy. Did I mention yummy? I've done take out calling ahead. It took a bit to get my order ready, about an hour. Well worth the wait! Squidies in a sweet spicy dipping sauce. A mildly spicy ground pork over raw veggies, just to die for. Good portions too. Really fresh. & yes the meatballs are great but there is so much on the menu I want to try I'll skip them next time. I only wish they had a printed take out menu! Someone help these guys out! Maybe they'll trade some meatball skewers?Had a fabulous lunch at Khmer Kitchen on a recent Saturday, putting an end to too many months saying "we have to get there." Now, instead, I say to my friends, "YOU have to get there".
We had the Nyum Sahdau (with seafood), the Nyum La-Hong with pork, and the signature Prah-hok Kahteeh. All were great, but the one I'd really recommend is the Nyum Sahdau, for anyone who, like us, is looking for new taste experiences. The bitter flower was a really great mix with the other flavors. The server told us at the end of our meal that those three dishes were made by, respectively, his mom, him, and his grandmother.
The only complaint (minor) that I have is that our dish of Prah-hok Kahteeh was served with very very small cabbage leaves (probably from the inside of the cabbage) so they weren't a useful eating/wrapping device. Made the dish hard to eat (although it was worth the extra effort to do so!). Other tables got the same dish, later, and had much larger cabbage leaves presumably from a new head.Food is authentic and delicious. Growing up with a father and grandma cooking these same exact foods I think I can say that. I have eaten at a couple other "Khmer " restaurants that were all not up to par.Being a Cambodian, I consider the food an exceptionally good Khmer food.  Wish the place was bigger.  Price was reasonable.This place is a gem! I had never eaten Cambodian food before but we stopped in on a whim. Very glad we did. This place is run by a friendly family. They were happy to explain the dishes and even offered us a sample of one thing. Everything we tasted was delicious even though I'm very picky about meat there was plenty for me on the menu. We will definitely be back!Delicious. I had the mussels and a soup with gourd melon, pineapple (yes, pineapple), tomatoes, chicken, and some rice. I enjoyed the combination of different flavors from the sweetness of the pineapple, the spiciness from the sauce it comes with, and the coconutty-curryish kind of flavor of the sauce on the mussels. The only downside to this place is it is somewhat small, so you might be waiting a while if it gets busy. Other than that: fairly priced, great food, friendly staff.One of the best Cambodian places we have tried! Their cooking is very comparable to what I had in different provinces in Cambodia. Anything on the menu is worth a try. There is always a long line so make sure to show up for an early dinner or be prepared to wait for a table. 
The "mild" version of their papaya salad is pretty spicy so beware. It is a great complement to a more rich, saucy dish or the fried whole tilapia we ordered. The tamarind sauce was perfect for the crispy fish dish. The service was wonderful as well.WHERE DO I START??
Khmer Kitchen is a (somewhat?) hidden gem in Philadelphia that's tucked away in a slightly out of the way location. A few things: they're cash only, BYO, and the place stops seating at a certain time (a little after 8, maybe?). I've been here twice, and both times it's been super packed. The restaurant itself is pretty tiny, which isn't a bad thing in itself, just be prepared to wait a while before being seated. 
The food is AMAZING. I'd definitely recommend the mussels in the curry broth. The mussels are perfectly cooked, but the broth is the real stand-out. I could just eat the broth alone with rice, probably. A perfect balance between creamy, sweet, and rich (but not too rich). The flavors of the caramelized beef are out of this world, and they serve the dish with a few raw veggies on the side to nibble on with the meat. We also got the stir-fried beef which was nice and spicy, a good complement to the rest of our dishes. 
The service is fantastic. There was only one main waiter attending to all the tables, but I felt like we still were able to get his attention whenever we needed, and he was personable and friendly, and was able to fulfill any requests we had fairly quickly and efficiently (more water, more rice, uncorking our wine bottle, etc...). 
From University City, Khmer Kitchen can be a bit of a trek to get to. It's. So. Worth. It. One of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. A must-go!We've now been back at least a half dozen times. The food is rock solid EVERY time, and we feel like we are treated like part of the family when we go. We can count on guidance around the menu... if something is not a good option - we love that we are told. 
I am now recommending this place, highly, to every AirBnB guest that stays at my home. I believe it is a great spot to get delicious food, but also experience the friendliness that is Philadelphia, and of course enjoy the ability to BYO. 
I haven't been in almost a month now, due to travel, and may be going through withdraw.This place does not disappoint. A real hidden gem in south Philly.
The food is outstanding. The waiter explained to us that his family - parents, uncle, aunt, cousins - are all in the back cooking.  We had the pork dish that everyone raves about - amazing- and the curry suggested by the waiter. We left happy and full.
We will definitely be back. Please support this family-owned restaurant. They send money back to Cambodia for their family. If you've ever been to Cambodia, you know that American money goes a long way.After many attempts, I finally got a chance to dine at Khmer Kitchen! Got there around 11 a.m. on a Saturday (instead of waiting in a brunch line) - and no line! After looking at the menu and ordering, which took 15 minutes tops, every table in the place filled. Lucky me. 
Ordered skewers that were on special, spicy papaya salad (Bok La Hong), and Cha Mussels. Papaya is SPICY, but the flavor is on par with most of the Cambodian papaya salads I've had. The skewers were tasty, but I feel like you can find the beef ones with a little more oomph at an undisclosed park nearby! We asked for the pork skewers to be re-grilled since they were slightly pink on the inside and it tasted much better since the glaze got a chance to get charred into the meat. The Cha Mussels were the star of the show: perfectly cooked, sweet, and tender in a super flavorful curry broth. It was perfectly balanced between sweet, salt, spicy, and curry flavor. I wanted to drink the broth. 
By the time we finished, there was an hour wait outside. If you're not as lucky as I was, it's still worth the wait!I have searched for a Cambodian restaurant for quite some time and was so pleased with Khmer Kitchen.  It's a family run restaurant dedicated to Khmer food - no Chinese, Vietnamese or Thai food here.  The food is all served family style - to be shared and it's BYOB.  Food was fresh, full flavored and delicious.  We were a party of 6 and though our waiter was concerned that we over ordered, there was not a morsel left. Notably delicious was Prah-hok Kahteeh, the ground pork dish - WOW!  I will certainly return next time I'm in Philly.Small family owned place with authentic Cambodian food. Seriously, you're taste buds will not be disappointed. 
It's a small place, houses maybe 5-6 tables. Cash only and BYOB. The server was really nice and will give you a recommendation if you need one. With every dish that came out, he explained how to eat it and regularly checked back to see if we liked it. He also told us his grandmother, mother, and aunt had cooked each of our 3 dishes. We ordered bitter flower salad, house curry with chicken, and seafood platter. Everything went together really well, a combination of sweet, bitter, savory, spicy, and fresh. 
I've never experienced flavors like this before and I frequent thai/malaysian joints regularly. Everything was aromatic, delicious, and colorful. I can't wait to come back and try the papaya salad.I can't believe such a tiny, hole in the wall place makes such delicious food! Nothing I've tried has been a disappointment, though one time I went there, and when I ordered the pork belly the waiter asked, "Are you sure?" I only wish they served more beverages than cans of soda.I went there when they opened and it was amazed. Years later, I went there again and the food quality was the same as before. Just amazingly delicious, tasty and flavorful. I can't say more because my mouth is watering!We were lucky enough to beat the rush for lunch on a Saturday! The neighborhood seems sketchy for out-of-towners like us, but we decided to give this place a try with all the raving reviews. The restaurant itself is small, but can actually seat quite a number of people - a large Cambodian family filled up half the space and they seemed comfortable enough, making the vibe even more authentic. 
This was my first time trying Cambodian food and I loved it! I've had a fair share of southeast Asian cuisine both in NY and their respective countries, so had a good idea of what to expect with the countries influencing each other and using similar spices. For two, we ordered the Prah Hok Kateeh (since that seems like the thing to get here according to other reviews), BBQ beef skewers - special for the day, and Chicken Curry soup - only available on the weekend. 
With the Prah Hok Kateeh, I was surprised to find raw string beans and eggplant. The vegetables were refreshing while the caramelized ground pork added on the complex flavors. However, this was not my favorite. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I just didn't find the dish to be spectacular. I really liked the chicken curry soup, which is offered "dry" on the regular menu. Unlike Thai curry, this was a bit sweeter and less spicy, but the kaffir lime leaves and coconut milk were parallel. I usually tend to like spicier foods, but the curry still worked for me. The skewers though, which came with a side of papaya salad, were through the roof! The steak is on the fattier side with a fair lean meat balance, so that it melts a bit in your mouth but isn't too greasy. It did come out a bit later than expected when I had basically finished my bowl of rice already. I wish I had room for another bowl to complement the flavors from the skewers!My son and I had a fine meal here when we met half way between our respective NY and DC residences to watch the US play Paraguay at Lincoln Financial Field.  We each ordered a main dish, plus a salad which ended up being too much food because the salad was main-dish size; it was a pity not being able to take the leftovers off with us because we had to  head straight for the game after dinner without a stop back at our car.  But everything was delicious and loaded with free ingredients.  I asked for trouble by saying that I wanted my dish spicy, and spicy was, indeed, spicy at a level I remember from  our family visit to Thailand many years ago.
The one downside for us, as out-of-towners just in for a few hours, is that the place was BYO so we could not enjoy a good beer with our spicy meal.  This appears to be a common feature of small restaurants in this part of PhiladelphiaI came in today to Khmer Kitchen.  First time ever eating Cambodian food so it was quite an experience.  The waiter was very nice and helpful.  I asked him to recommend some dishes in which he did.  Everything was flavorful, very creative, and good portions.  These are the following dishes we had:
1. The minced pork with all the fresh veggies which was so good.  It was so light and refreshing.  Who would've thought to eat raw egg plant?
2.  I loved their chicken curry (though I'm not crazy about curry in general but had 2 servings bc it was so good).  
3.  We tried the mussels (very flavorful but a tad too sweet for me).
4.  The papaya salad with chicken (yummy).
5.  The stir fried vegetables with mussels, shrimp, and squid- I think this was my sister's favorite dish.  The vegetables were cooked to perfection.
6.  The sweet and sour soup with shrimp- similar to canh cua in the Vietnamese restaurant.  Maybe should have ordered it with some fish in it next time.  Still very good.
7.  The sliced beef with dipping sauce- we ordered it medium....it came out medium.  Very tasty even without the sauce.
What I wanted to try was the skewered meats in which they didn't have.  I will definitely be back.  The restaurant was very warm and inviting.  The people were all very nice and friendly.  I can definitely see why they have the awesome ratings on yelp!Unique tastes and really welcoming server.  This is a family run operation and you can taste the pride they have in their creations.  We got the second salad listed on the menu (didn't write the name) and the server instructed us how to eat and then drink so that the flavors would develop as we made our way through the dish.  The soup we ordered was totally delicious as left overs.  For something you can't get just anywhere try this place out.  BTW we went at 2pm on a Saturday and there was no wait.I think this was my first time eating Cambodian food. If it was not, obviously any previous experience was not very striking to my memory.  The food was just delicious. I cannot wait to go back. 
We ordered a bunch of stuff, the papaya salad, Bok La-Hong, a chicken coconut milk dish, Ah'-Mok: a fish dish wrapped in a banana leaf and few other things. Everything was so fresh and flavorful and so exciting to eat. 
Service was also great even though it is just the one young man.This is a cultural experience, it has transcends dining. This is where you go if you want to explore Khmer culture. The Cambodian people is a communal group and their food is a reflection of this. Their cuisines are made to share and served family style. Expect the same comfort and quality here. One of the iconic ingredients in Cambodian cooking is pra hok. It is the backbone seasoning to any proteins. My favorite here is the ground pork pra hok served with fresh, crunchy veggies and rice. There are many options here but it would be up to taste of each person. The food is authentic and most flavors are strong. Keep this in mind when dining here. I've had experience with Khmer food and I love the strong flavors. Make sure to ask before you order something for the first time. Warnings on the curry mussels however, it is extremely sweet, too much for a savory dish. There aren't much completions around. Although I doubt it would make a difference. This place is legit for Cambodian food!Highly recommended! Cash only, small eat-in seating area, great service and delicious food. Menu has many delicious dishes. Can't wait to go back and try something else. Yummy deliciousness!Truly "as good as it gets"! The home-cooked, fresh, authentic flavors absolutely blew us away! It's BYOB, very affordable ($50 for four people!), has some of the best food I've ever eaten and great staff.  The service was excellent and our party of four could hardly stop raving about the food with every bite. Can't wait to go back!
Tips: Call ahead to make sure they don't have a long wait for tables. We called ahead and had no problem getting in though we saw people waiting in the very small waiting area as the night went on. Ask the waiter what to order. We followed his lead and ended up with the perfect variety of flavors with the green papaya salad (spicy), lemongrass chicken and vegetable saute, coconut and lemongrass soup, and caramelized pork.  We saw others eating the curried mussels, steamed beefs, and other dishes we are salivating to try soon. Everything was truly divine!I never had Cambodian before and wasn't sure what to expect. What I found was a family run business where grandma makes her " to die for" soups and insists you don't leave hungry if you even joke about wanting more food! The food was perfectly spiced and tasted really fresh . They accommodated vegan soup requests and the restaurant is Byob. The salted pork was uniquely delicious and served so you can make "cabbage tacos" with it. Not the technical term, but I'm sure you get the picture. It is slightly off the beaten path but well worth the few block walk from the heart of passyunk ave.When this gem opened up 3 years ago, it quickly became a regular on my favorites list. 3 years later, it still is.
Having explored the menu to find their culinary diamonds, I haven't been disappointed with any of the plates. Thumbs up for great consistency of flavor. Skip the appetizers (unless you're looking for something to cut down wait time) and go right for the entrees. Meals are definitely centered around family style eating, so venture and get a bunch of different plates to share. Portions are significant so I'd recommend about 3 entrees for a party of 4. 
My favorite plate is the stir-fry lemongrass chicken. Packed with flavor and spice, be prepared to sweat as that heat stimulates your senses. The vegetables are crunchy which blends well with the tender chicken, and with a nice bed of white rice coated with the lemongrass/curry sauce. Yummy!
Have also heard great things about their off-menu items and whole fish plates (order ahead of time), but haven't planned adequately enough to try...yet. I'd also recommend the calamari, battered shrimp, and the sak-koe ang (grilled beef with tuhk prah-hok sauce). The skewers are also very scrumptious, but for appetizers they typically come out after the entrees and are often sold out by dinner time.
The only pitfall is that the wait time for entrees is pretty long (30+ minutes), but once the plates arrive, the food more than makes up for that wait. Eat slowly and savor each bite because you'll be disappointed once your plate is all gone (because you will be craving for more but have to wait some time for another dish)!
This small 8-10 table restaurant is very popular and can get easily crowded so come during non-regular meal times so you won't have to wait as long, especially if you come in parties larger than 2.I was there for lunch. However they don't have lunch menus. I was forced to order from the dinner menus. Three of us spent sixty dollars for lunch, which I think is kind of pricy for a small family restaurant. The food is ok, but comparing to some of the local Vietnamese restaurant, I think the Vietnamese restaurant are much more professional. I tried the one which located few blocks away from here, The International Smokeless BBQ restaurant, they have more varieties to choose from and much more professional restaurant feel (at least you don't feel like you are dinning in your mom's kitchen), best of all is the price is right.The food is "GREAT" and authentic- a must go to place. Limited space so be prepared to wait for a table, but well worth the wait! Cash onlyGreat experience all around. Amazing food, especially the caramelized pork dish. Everyone in the restaurant when we were there ordered this. Also had a salad with cabbage, basil, carrot, peppery something, and many other ingredients different from anything I've eaten before. Good service too - it was our first time eating Cambodian food and we were lost, but the nice waiter (younger guy) explained everything and made recommendations, then told us how to eat everything when it came out. 
Lots of street parking, cash only, reasonably priced with big portions. (ATM at small shop down the street.) Definitely worth going out of your way.The best Cambodian food!  I moved from Portland Oregon and didn't even imagine having access to Cambodian food like this.  I could eat there every day!  Fabulous and authentic, you will not be disappointed!Love this place just like every other time! Not the best neighborhood, but one of the best food! Even though our table was a little wobbly. All was worth it. The orange walls and paintings on them made the place quite interesting. Ordered the steak - medium rare with prahok. Never a disappointment! The sauce was delicious with a little spice and tomato tang that went great with the steak. Our server was the usual son, in his 20's. He told us we could eat it as a wrap! Definitely love this idea! My 17 month old loves coming here, not only cause he loves the food, but they have the baby there around his age. 
CASH ONLY
Steak - Medium Rare 4
Prahok Sauce - Extra Spice - 5
Service - 5 
Cost - well worth it for a small family of three
Definitely will be back! Again and again....If you liked Khmer Kitchen, then you should try Sophie's Kitchen on 522 Washington avenue for authentic khmer food.Food was okay.  Certainly different. We tried what the waiter recommended the Prat Hee, beef with lemon grass and the chicken curry.  I really did not like the prat hee, despite its popularity. It was very greasy and slightly gamey meat taste in my opinion.  The veggies that came with it did not taste good raw.  Raw egg plant and green beans are just not my thing. 
The beef with lemon grass and the chicken curry, were good, but nothing particularly extraordinary.  I found all of the dishes to be extremely salty.  
Maybe we ordered the wrong things.The food is great here just don't like the fact that they do not keep up with their hours.I Highly recommend this place, if you never try Cambodian food. Then this is a great place to start. The restaurant is family own and run. So they serve authentic Khmer food. BYOB too!This is a lovely place. The family is so friendly and helpful and some of the dishes are fabulous. I especially like the grilled meat dishes and the sauted beef, pepper and pineapple dish. Also the caramelized ground pork and fish in bananaleaf. Expect to wait for a table at dinner time but well worth it. Five of us ordered while waiting, had 5 dishes for about $50! Can't beat that!I don't eat at too many Khmer restaurant but this is my favorite in Philly. Everything is tasty and fresh. The prohok ktiss changed a bit though...less prohok in it now but this not a big deal. I love this place.A friend took me to this place several years ago and I was pleasantly surprised by the food and service. Fun experience and outstanding quality for the price. I've been anxiously anticipating an encore, BUT... twice I returned on a Sat evening and found the restaurant closed. What are the chances? Twice?! Go, but by all means call before you do.The is my first time eating Cambodian cuisine but certainly not the last. Wow this family owned restaurant is a gem. As my friend Jeff said, the experience can be summed up as an explosion of flavors in your mouth. Every dish is citrusy, tangy, and just amazing. Also, every dish is served family style so expect a lot of food.Totally lives up to the hype.  Best frog legs I've ever had.  The qual stir fry was just amazing.  People rave about the ground pork lettuce dish.  While its really good, its pretty mild compare to other things on the menu.  For the adventurous eater, I'd go with something else off the menu.I've been here about 20 times since they've open, and it's been challenging not to go more often. Go with a few people and share some dishes.  Get something you wouldn't normally eat, you won't regret it.The best sah-law ma-chew youn I've had besides my mom's obviously!  Amazing Khmer food, very authentic.  It's BYOB though so bring your own drinks! The food definitely reminds me of the motherland.Now, to experience absolutely delicious Cambodian food, you don't have to spend $100+ bucks at some high end asian fusion restaurant. We can all just head over to Khmer Kitchen's and dine like royalty.
First, they operate with only one server and there were times when I felt rushed with some of the dishes arriving later than expected. Portions were surprisingly humongous. I can't guarantee you'll like Cambodian food but you'll definitely be filled here. With limited seating, max capacity here is also probably around 25 people. Being a renovated corner store in the heart of South Philadelphia, KK tries it's best to accommodate it's ever-growing patrons. 
Second, everything is homemade from top quality ingredients. The authenticity cannot be beat. The following dishes rocked our socks off. 
GRILLED SEASONED MEATBALL( $5) 
I've never eaten such amazing pork meatballs in my life. Perfectly cooked. Each meatball bursted with flavors. The size was rather large as well. $5 for 12 meatballs is what you call a deal in any language. 
BOK LA-HONG ($7)
Home-made Cambodian style papaya salad packed a kick. It was made with fresh julienne cut papaya along with fresh tomatoes, fresh basils, and fresh vegetables. Did I mention the word fresh? 
PRAH-HOK KAHTEEH ($8)
If you're reading this review, get this dish! It's so good. It's essentially caramelized ground pork cooked with prahok (crushed, salted and fermented fish paste) and platted with various vegetables for dipping. 
South Philly now boasts several amazing authentic Southeast Asian places that range from Sky Cafe to Nam Phuong. You can add Khmer Kitchen to that list. You are gonna absolutely love this BYOB. No wonder discerning Yelpers' reviews average out to a full 5 star rating here!
CASH ONLY. Whatever, I'd pay them in gold if I had to. 
Be there or be square. Khmer Kitchen is the best.Awesome.  Cha mussels are perfection. My friend and I agreed our dishes were the best restaurant meals we've had in recent memory  (and maybe ever).  This place is small and family run; spend your restaurant dollars.  The value is incredible .This has become my go-to for so many reasons! Besides living right across the street, the food is absolutely incredible and the family that owns the place is so sweet. I've gone in a few times and literally said "surprise me" and boy, did they deliver. Not only do they know how to pair dishes with each other, but also based on what you're drinking (remember to grab a six pack or your favorite bottle of wine beforehand!)
Even if I lived across the city, I'd make regular trips to this special little spot. Thanks for being so consistently wonderful, Khmer!Brace yourself for the meats sweats and the meal of a lifetime! This place is the best meal I have ever had. With mussels in curry sauce, the amazing beef/chicken skewers and tilipia dish that is awesome. I dont even like seafood or fish and I ate everything. Go here fast before your friend tells you too.Truly this place is THE original Cambodian family restaurant. Food is consistently amazing and so good! I had the opportunity to visit Cambodia before trying out this restaurant..and let me tell you, I felt transported back to all the culinary experiences of Siem Reap. I loved that each dish was made from a different member of the owner's family. If you can handle SE Asian heat, totally go for full heat..medium if you can handle Sriracha level heat..otherwise, give yourself a break and go mild! For the dishes I've tried:
Papaya salad.. amazing! so fresh and medium heat level was just the kick we needed! 
Prah-hok kohp..really good! I was really surprised by the depth of the SE Asian herbs used in the dish that really made the flavors pop!
Cha Kr'ung Sa-mot..also a very solid choice! It is pretty big, so totally shareable!This is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly.  I am a huge fan of southeast asian cuisine and Cambodian food is just the ultimate comfort food.  A bit Thai, a bit Vietnamese, but with more fragrant spices like cardamom and turmeric.  The chicken coconut curry soup/stew (Sah-Law Kah-Rhee Mohn) cannot be missed, and if you love veggies, get the Sah-Law Ka-Koe.  So, so good.  But be forewarned, thanks to a friend who thought it was a good idea to give Craig LaBan a heads up about the place, the tiny place is now packed on weeknights and weekends, so expect a wait.  Not the most amazing atmosphere, but the food is so worth it.  A great place for lunch midweek.  Closed Mondays, cash only, and they do take-out.Our recommendation is the  Sah-Law Kuh-Ree Mohn (curry seared chicken, coconut milk base, simmered in a curry sauce and spices). We would eat it again and again!!! 
We did take out and it was ready for pick up in about 15 minutes. We loved all the different spices they use. The meat dishes are definitely enough for 2 people to share.
Love that this place is family owned. The night we ordered there, the cashier said it was going to be an extra special meal because his aunt, sister, and grandmother were in the kitchen cooking that night. Love that!!This place is awesome!!! Coming from Cali and growing up eating khmer food,I'm so glad I found this place. The food was delicious,it tastes homemade!! If you're craving for some Cambodian food this is the place!!On the strength of this restaurant alone, I'm thinking Cambodian food is my favorite kind of food. If you like Thai and Indian food, do yourself a favor and try this out.I stopped in with my brother a couple days ago after Khmer popped up in my yelp search when we were down at the asian market on Wash and 6th. (I love that place so much) 14 Reviews and still rated five stars huh? I was somewhat skeptical especially considering neither of us have eaten Cambodian food before. 
The neighborhood wasn't too bad but it was the daytime. After dark I wouldn't walk any farther than from the car to the restaurant and back. The restaurant itself was simply decorated and small. There was only about 5 or 6 tables so if you're planning on going on the weekend I would try and go early. Yelp's site says they don't take reservations so there will probably be a wait. 
We were greeted by the server when we walked in and seated right away. This was at 1pm on a weekday so no waiting for a table. The menu was small which made deciding a bit easier cause I had no idea what anything was. They had descriptions in english but honestly all that did was give me a vague idea of what I was getting. My bro and I each picked something somewhat randomly. I got my third choice cause they were out of a few things but no big deal. The wait was fairly long for lunchtime, like 20 mins but the food came out and it was absolutely amazing. All the ingredients were so fresh and seasoned perfectly, the waiter even gave us some tips on how to eat it. Both of our dishes were spicy but it wasn't overbearing. If you're not big on spicy food you may wanna ask them to tone the spiciness down a bit. 
Overall it was a cool new experience for me and I'll definitely be back at some point in the future.I was super excited to try a Cambodian restaurant as I love Thai and Vietnamese and I figured since Cambodia is right next door it'd be an instant love. I wasn't wrong. The papaya salad was perfectly spiced (very close to a Thai papaya salad, no surprise), and a chicken saute dish was solid. We also ordered the Sach-Khoe Ang' which I thought was something totally different, but as it was my mistake we just went with it, and though simple was unexpectedly delicious. 
The server was charming and taught us how to pronounce everything we ordered with proper R rolls, as well as the best way to eat each dish. However, even though the restaurant is listed as open until 9pm, we were hurried out by 8:20pm. Since we only got there at 7:15 or so, it sucked to have our relaxing dinner (that we traveled quite a way to get to) cut so short by uncomfortable stares.
I can't wait to come back with a group and try more off the menu. I'd love to give them four or even five stars, but having to pack up our food really dampened the experience and makes me hesitant to convince people to go off the beaten path to try this place.Never disappoints! I have eaten here at least 5 times in the past year and I have never tried anything I didn't like. The food is always fresh and delicious and it has a great mom and pop vibe.This is my favorite spot in the city at the moment. I love that, despite the attention they are getting, that they continue to provide quality ingredients, great variation in taste experiences, and insanely amazing combinations that taste like they are straight from Grandma's Cambodian kitchen. I always ask for recommendations from the gent serving us, because he always has something great to recommend. I love that they serve family-style! Here's to hoping that this place never gets too crowded and that they are able to step up to the increasing demands for their fantastic service and food.Love this place. We usually get the same thing bc it's so good. The ground pork app (Prah Hok Kateeh) frog legs (Nkahp-Ch'in) and most favorite pork with pumpkin (Cha La Pauh with pork). Small little place but big dishes and flavor.Khmer Kitchen is an excellent restaurant.  The interior is small,  clean, and beautiful with several artist works and an attractive color scheme.  The staff is extremely pleasant.  I was one of the first customers and I had an unusual experience.  The venue is cash only and it was raining.  After I walked out to find the ATM, the young waiter came out in the rain and insisted that I use his umbrella and walked me to the ATM.  I left my glasses on the counter as I took them off because they were wet and on the way out he picked them up for me.  I would have lost a couple hundred dollars on those!  So I tell that story because I was overwhelmed by the kindness that the staff here presented. 
As far as the food, I LOVE IT.  It is authentic, delicious, and a great opportunity for someone who enjoys real ethnic cuisine.  I have been to several and this is the best Khmer Food in Philadelphia, hands down.  I don't have the menu in front of me but I had the pineapple curry and the beef and chicken grill sticks.  Both were delicious but the beef sticks are "OFF THE CHAIN".    Trust me, this is a good place to eat.