Good drinks and food. Had the pulled pork and fried chicken po boy. Mac and cheese was amazing. Very reasonable for the price. Great draft list as well. Serves food till1am.This update (and upgrade) to my review of Khyber is long overdue!
I think the most ringing summary is that I have since moved ~1 mile further away from the Khyber, and I still go there just as often.  I have now sampled most of the menu, but the truly excellent Southern barbecue is what usually calls to me.  You can't go wrong whether you pick the brisket, the ribs, the chicken, the pulled pork or a combo of the above.  Their mac and cheese remains my favorite side, and the addition of the very good coleslaw rounds out the experience.
I love the vibe of Kyber.  It usually pretty full, but they usually seem to have a table available for me (Yay!).  It is often loud, but never quite so loud that I wish it were quieter.  The staff is very knowledgeable, and happy to provide beer recommendations and taste tests of drafts.  They Khyber also manages to hit that sweet spot where I never end up being the most or least intoxicated person there!Had a wonderful lunch of fried green tomatoes and vegan barq. Excellent! Nice beer selection and great vibe. Staff was super friendly and attentive. The tunes were easy on the ears. Definitely will go back.I absolutely love Khyber! Low-key atmosphere, reasonable prices, and fabulous food. Their pulled pork sandwich is amazing. They also make a mean cocktail. Would absolutely recommend it, and can't wait to go back!My dad and I came to Philadelphia for a night from NYC to sight see. We got in around 5 and were pretty hungry, so we went to look for a place with good food that wasn't too touristy. We stumbled across this place and decided to give it a shot. We sat in the restaurant area since I'm underage, but I liked the atmosphere. Our waitress was really nice as well.
 My dad liked the beer and I liked the food. I got the pulled pork sandwich with collard greens. The portions were huge. I've never had barbeque made with vinegar sauce but I really liked it. For dessert, I ordered the Red Velvet Cupcake. Now, I'm from Southern California and I have tried red velvet before, but I couldn't understand what the fuss was about. I decided to give it another try since I was on the east coast. Best. Decision. Ever. I finally understood what Red Velvet is supposed to taste like. It was delicious! I felt like my sight had been restored and I could finally see what I had been missing out on. 
I was surprised to find such a great place so close to our hotel. I wish we could have stayed here longer so I could have tried more of the menu.Been here twice in the past 2 years and both times the food was excellent! Roast beef sandwich - A+. Fried oysters - A+. Grilled chipotle-bourbon Wings - A+. This is far more than typical bar food. Most recent visit was 11/26. After our meal we asked for a couple of Jaegers and the manager(?) suggested an alternative. I wish I could remember what it was called. It was delicious AND he gave it to us on the house! Great food,  great service, great location!!Nice atmosphere, good place to have dinner or drinks with a few friends. Vegan pulled 'pork' was not superb but pretty OKThere are few truly great lunch places in Old CIty Philadelphia - if you are looking for a sandwich this probably the best.  The pulled pork is absolutely amazing, servers and beer list well informed, and sides worth being a main attraction all their own.Service here was quick and friendly but it was really slow while I was there so who knows if it's always that quick. The menu caters to everyone - vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores. I don't recall any gluten free options but don't quote me on that. The atmosphere is okay but they had way more seating than I expected from the entrance. I ordered the vegan sausage sandwich and I thought it was pretty good. I would probably go back at some point.I like this place & will probably be back just for the bacon greased popcorn. Great beer too. Girlfriend and I stopped by for lunch one day and ordered the fried chicken and the duck sandwich. The duck was a solid dish. The chicken, however, is what drops this from 4 to 3 stars. Skimpy pieces of chicken with not a ton of flavor. Nice, crispy skin though. Mac n cheese was average. Bacon grease popcorn was the star.This is the best bar in the Olde City neighborhood. I have been eating and drinking here for years and I have had much of the food on their menu. Personally, I favor the pulled pork but any of their barbecue items will really make your mouth happy. 
Sharing a pick-3 with a date over some delicious (and often rare) craft brews can make a great night out. I also find its a great place for happy our with friends becuase many bars Happy Hour specials only include cheaper beers. At Khyber the Happy Hour special applies to everything.  The bacon popcorn is also a clutch choice to accompany happy hour beers.Fun, low key place to hang out in old city. They have a decent sized bar downstairs, with a separate dining area that has a lot of tables. There is a small bar and weird mosh-pit esque dancefloor upstairs, but that bar is cash only. Great selection of draft beers. The biggest drawback is that if all the seats at the bar are full, there's not really much room to stand unless you sit in the dining area, but that definitely has a different vibe. I heard the food is really good do I will probably be back to check that out.DELICIOUS.  My friend and I stopped here last night after a concert at festival pier. We were both starving so we ordered the bacon grease popped popcorn before our waiter even said hello. The waiter was awesome, friendly and very attentive. The popcorn was so incredibly delicious seasoned perfectly with cayenne and paprika type spices. I cannot wait to eat it again!!!! 
I got the burger and fries,  both so good. The burger was juciy, definitely better than your average. It can definitely compete with fountain porter and silk city.
My friend got the fried chicken, mac and cheese and a biscuit.  The biscuit was huge and incredibly good. Moist, dense and perfect flavor.  Not too floury or salty.  The mac and cheese was soooo good. I usually do not like mac and cheese unless it is homemade at restaurants because it just tastes flavorless and salty. But this mac and cheese was definitely homemade and it was delicious, there was so much cheese and it had a delicious crust on top.
 basically, I cannot wait to go back again this place was so great.Oh Khyber Pass Pub, i love you so, so much. One of the very rare places where myself, who is  vegetarian, and my fiancee, who is decidedly NOT  vegetarian, can share a meal and both of us leave happy. Definitely try the vegan pulled pork sandwich, as well as the nachos, and the hush puppies for sure, and if you're doing brunch there, which you should, you have to get the bananas foster french toast, it is ridiculous.Their kitchen is open until 2am in Old City everyday, need I say more? Their food is great and they have a wonderful beer selection. I'm definitely a fan and will be returning anytime I'm in Old City. Also get their sweet potato fries, some of the best I've ever had!If I could give this place six stars, I would! They honestly have some of the best vegan food in the city. The vegan chicken po-boy rocks my world. I don't think I've ever had a vegan meal here that I didn't absolutely love. They have a spectacular beer selection as well. I also enjoy that despite being in Old City, it does not attract the douche-baggery suburbanites. Very hip and low-key. Highly recommend!!!They have a drink menu that would fit any palate. It's one of the few restaurants I have seen with a Pimm's Cup on the menu... the food menu is also extensive. Try the popcorn which has quite a kick to it, that can be offset by any beverage. They also have many vegan options, which is great for those friends that are vegan and always complaining about finding somewhere to eat. The BBQ Vegan Pulled Pork was delicious, as were the sweet potato fries and collared greens. It was a Sunday, so service was a bit overwhelmed by the large crowd. Don't go if you have a time limit. Also, found the background music a bit too loud.I'm a vegetarian who loves fried foods. This is the perfect spot for me!Great service every time come here. Food was delicious and drinks always good. Dave was our server and has been our bartender.  Love coming here!Full disclosure- I was a frequent visitor of the Khyber in it's previous life, as a dark & dirty, divey rock venue. I was such a loyal visitor, I refused to go to this "Khyber Pass Pub" for a long time out of loyalty to the spirit of the original Khyber. How dare they take it away from me! Well, I confess: I was goddamn stupid. STUPID, I say.
After hearing through word-of-mouth (you know, how people found out about things pre-Yelp), that the KPP had a bangin' menu (their words), we decided to drop in on a Friday. It was a First Friday in old city, so I prepared for a madhouse.
Not so much. It was busy, but we were seated within 10 minutes. The tables are a weeee bit too close together though. Another 6 inches in each direction would be great, but as long as your sister's miscarriage isn't a topic of conversation, everything should be gravy. I mean bacon fat. I mean bacon fat popcorn. What? I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention. It says "bacon fat popcorn" on the menu. (You should try it. It's well worth the vein clog.)
The menu: Do you love BBQ with a southern/Louisiana flavor? This is the place. Pulled pork? Yes, gimme more. They have a BBQ sampler for those who can't choose. The vegan po' boy is great too, and I'm not even vegan. Their mashed potatoes are basically "we cooked this potato in enchanted salt water and literally smashed it onto your plate." And surprise! That's vegan too. The mac & cheese is not, of course. I burned my mouth on it from eating it too fast, and you know what? Worth it.
Huge draft list, and reasonably priced.
If you have a mixed group of vegans, veggies, omnivores, carnivores, and beer fanatics, this is the Place To Take Them All. Go during the week to avoid the old city weekend crowds. I've been there several times now and it makes me feel silly for not going for so long. But it's ok, I plan on making up for lost time.It is dark in here, but it has a beautiful old bar that has been there since the 1800s. The food is incredible for both vegans and carnivores alike. I had the vegan BBQ sandwich after I questioned the poor waiter for a while on what type of BBQ sauce it is because I worried it was thick and not really the vinegar-based NC sauce I know and love. Sure enough, it was! Not icky and gooey and with perfect cole slaw on the BBQ as it should be. I also ate the vegan Po-boy which was equally delicious. This place is excellent for vegetarians and I wish I lived in Philly because I would go all the time.Khyber was a great find for a trip to Philly. My girlfriend and I stumbled upon it when we were looking for a place to eat. I would definitely come back here.
The pub:
The area is sectioned into a bar area and a seating area. The bar was completely full when we came in and there were two decent sized groups in the seating area. The noise level was loud but we were able to still talk to each other if we leaned in and talked a bit louder. The lights are dimmed down but there are candles on the table that give a very warm atmosphere. The decor was very "pub like" and there were nice wooden benches to sit on for tables. 
The food:
+Bacon Grease Popcorn
We seen so many reviews recommending the popcorn so we had to try it. There's a reason for the hype. The popcorn was incredible. It had such an intense flavor from the bacon grease that it felt like if you ate the bag of popcorn, you would be satisfied with that as a meal. At the same time, I wasn't able to eat this popcorn like I would other popcorn or chips. My hand kept plunging in for more but at a certain point, I just couldn't anymore. It wasn't that I was full, it was that I think the flavor was almost too much for me to have it all in one go. This wasn't a big deal however. We took the popcorn home to eat and we managed to eat it over several days. The popcorn didn't show signs of becoming stale until the fourth day in and it was just left out, wrapped in a plastic bag. The popcorn comes in a brown paper bag with the top rolled down so that you get maybe 3/4 of a standard brown bag. When its brought out, dots of oil will already begin to show on the brown bag, almost as if it were a signature mark to an amazing snack. I would highly recommend getting this cheap and amazing appetizer and would definitely get this if I were to come back. 
+Roast Duck Sandwich
The roast duck was pretty good but I didn't eat much of it. It was my girlfriend's meal. It was a special that day and I think it was well worth it but I wouldn't get it again if we came back.
+Pulled Pork
I never had pulled pork before so I thought it was a bit dry. However, the sauces they provide you with go above and beyond to make this meal amazing. The three sauces are either vinegar based, mustard based, or ketchup based. My preference was the mustard then the ketchup and leagues behind is the vinegar for the simple fact that the vinegar was just a liquid and I like my sauces thicker. I realized I am not a huge fan of pulled pork however, and would not get this again.
The duck and pork came with sides:
+Cheddar Cheese Fries
The fries were pretty good but nothing special about them in my opinion. The cheddar cheese was nice but it wasn't too different from other cheese fries I've had. 
+Mashed Potatoes
These mashed potatoes were one of the best I've had. They aren't those pureed potatoes that you get from Boston Market or KFC. They were mashed enough so that they had a consistent... consistency but they were as liquidy as pureed mash. They had the skins on them still which I am a huge fan for and they were seasoned very well. The right amount. I would get these again.
+Baked Mac n Cheese
This was the best part of the meal, second to the popcorn. There wasn't anything too special about this mac n cheese and yet it was so delicious. The breading was just the right amount, maybe a bit less than I would have liked and the cheese was so very creamy. I would definitely come back for more. 
This was a nice place and I could definitely see people coming here with a bunch of their friends, getting some drinks and getting the amazing bacon grease popcorn to share. For a couples place, I think it was too loud but we definitely enjoyed it for a date. Just as long as it isn't too busy.I decided after a few more visits to Khyber that they deserve another star. 
I have now tried their barbecue, and can definitely say it's some of the best I've had in the city, and I love that you can customize it with their sauces. Vinegar, Ketchup, Mustard-based or all-three, you've got it, and as a girl who loves her sauces, I LOVE that. I hate being confined to one flavor the entire meal. This way, you're free to switch it up!
We also tried their brunch on Easter Sunday and man, that bananas foster french toast was awesome!
Overall, un-pretentious, good food, at good prices. I've become quite the fan!
Oh, and they redeemed themselves on the fried green tomatoes. Had them again and they were not hard, so they get a pass from me on that first time.The beer selection is diverse and impressive.  The food menu is unique in that it offers some traditional Southern cuisine, Belgian fanfare, and excellent pub food like their Khyber Burger.  They also offer a daily brunch from 10am-4pm, which is essential on the weekends.  The West Louisiana Hash was fantastically loaded with BBQ brisket.Cool vibe to drink and eat good beverages and food. Love it. Has character... lots of it. If you like chains or bright places with pop music, go elsewhere. 
The bartenders have a personality and knowledge, and give an honest opinion. They are excited about the beer and drinks they serve, and the food too. 
Philadelphia isn't always on my travel plans, but when I get here I come here. Experience some character! 
Cheers!This was a fun place to have a few drinks. A great beer selection, good selection of scotch - interesting and diverse clientele and a friendly and prompt bartender. I did not eat here.  Not too noisy when I was in, I will likely return when the mood hits me and I'm in the area.I used to go here when I was much younger for the upstairs drink specials on Sunday nights. Back then it was quite the dive but I always had a great time. I've been here 3 or 4 times since it was redone and I think it's been outstanding every time.  The po boys are what stood out for me the most, every one that I've tried has been amazing.  All of the sides I've tried were great too, especially the coleslaw.  It's hard to make perfect coleslaw and a lot of places just throw it together, but this coleslaw was in fact perfect, ever time that I had it. Pretty much everything else I've tried has been great too, you can tell that they actually care about what they send out of the kitchen, it's never just thrown together and rushed out. On top of all that they have a good beer selection.Warning! Candied bacon is only served during brunch...
Poboys seems to be where this place really shines. The bread is soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, the filling is pretty good and they have some cool combinations. Surf and turf was a good pick for sure.
Boudin balls were ok.
Gumbo was tolerable.
Fries with cheese and debris was worth ordering, but I've had better gravy.
Sweet potato fries were soggy and gross, sadly.
Ribs were fall off the bone but don't have much flavor. Brisket was also very soft but it was sliced wrong so it didn't have he right consistency and the sauce that comes with the BBQ didn't blow me away either. Hard to get good BBQ outside of Texas so if you don't know any better it probably leaves a better impression.
And there was a wait for some reason. If we came back I would get a poboy, but I wouldn't go out of my way to return.Khyber's smoked beef brisket is tender and succulent, and their Muffuletta sandwich comes on the correct authentic bread (something that gets produced in the kitchen here). Very laid back atmosphere, and super friendly staff.Been here twice already and both have been great experiences.  They've got a ton of beer on tap, friendly bartenders/waitstaff, and good tunes.
Great place to relax after a stressful workweek.While I miss the music venue that was, the new Khyber wins on food in so many ways.
Things you must have:
Spicy smoky popcorn - they seriously need to productize this and sell it in stores.
Mac n Cheese.
BBQ (I prefer the KC style sweet wet sauce).
Beer.Delicious but (obviously) unhealthy.
Good beer choices, efficient & friendly service and good food.
Try the bacon grease popcorn and the cheese fries with gravy. Don't bother with the pulled pork sandwich. The po'boys are excellent.Upsides: dark pub atmosphere that's perfect for a wintry evening, good draft list, ideally situated on a block of Old City populated with numerous other great bars and restaurants.  Downsides: happy hour special isn't that great (something like $1 off drafts between 4-6 p.m.? hardly a noticeable special, to be honest), pretty noisy, and bar snacks could have been better.  My boyfriend and I shared an order of the fried okra, which took a long time to come out and seemed to be a bit less than piping hot (temperature-wise) -- perhaps someone forgot to bring it out to us and let it sit a bit too long?  
I'd consider going back here to sit in the dining area and try more of their food, especially since I've heard so many good things about it for so long.  But, at least in my mind, nothing really set this place apart from other decent brewpubs in and around center city.This place is always at the top of my list for taking out-of-town friends and its good for bigger groups, or just for two. It mixes all the charm of a neighborhood cave-esque hole-in-the-wall with an amazing and ever-changing beer list and delicious BBQ (with vegan BBQ options too!!). What more could you ask for?!?
I would recommend the pulled pork, and it's awesome on their nachos as well (but I am a total nacho lover already). Be careful with the little goblet beers because some of them have upwards of 10% ABV and the tipsy comes quickly! My only regret is that I have now dined here six times and haven't gotten the bacon grease popcorn yet... 
The service is also always fantastic. Last night, they messed up our order a bit, but then we just ended up getting to try another kind of BBQ in addition, so I don't have a single complaint. Other restaurants should take note (*cough* Prohibition *cough*) and just give patrons the extra food when they accidentally confuse orders... it makes for a much happier experience overall :)Positives: Mac and cheese, pulled pork, PO boy sandwich, biscuit, mashed potato, beer selection, nice server, portion size
Negatives: loud, fried tomatoes 
Overall: go for bbq and valueI have been here twice and have never received service. Both times sat at the bar and both times was ignored by the too cool for school hipster bartenders. I will never go back. First time I thought it was a fluke, but when it happened a second time, I was done.We have made khyper one of our must go when we are in town. We often go several times during our time in Philly just because it has such a cool vibe. I would give this place a 5 but we had a really weird experience with 2 of their bar backs on New Years. They were pretty rude to a couple of Mummers in costume. Probably upset bc they where throwing confetti- but come on, its new years and its Philly for goodness sake....
Any way- nice, really nice selection of beers. They make a lovely Pimm's cup my most fave drink right now. I don't care how cold it is outside, this drink makes me think of happy times... Tried their wings recently and they were a repeat. 
If you are in the area, make sure to stop by. I need to make sure to try their brunch next time we are in town- seems like it is very popular. 
Go enjoy. You won't regret it.Khyber Pass is what every other bar out there should aspire to be. Great ambiance, delectable beers, friendly bartenders, awesome music, great place for an out-of-towner pull up alone (me!) or for locals with a drinking partner, great happy hour specials (on good beer, not just crap domestics), and...I would be remiss if I did not mention the bacon grease popcorn. Swoooon... Khyber Pass, howest did thou achieve such perfection??Pretty okay po boy grilled chicken sandwich. I asked for it w/o mayo, which I regretted because it was rather too dry. I added ketchup to add more flavor to the sandwich but it also made it saltier. Lots of veggie toppings in the sandwich though, which I likedBBQ is some of the best in the city. Beer selection is ok. Ambiance is dark and divey. Service could be more friendly but I get it--they have a "too cool for school" vibe to uphold.Man the service sucks here. Suuuuuuucks. 
I've been here several times and the attitude of the employees is terrible. The food is decent and there's a good beer selection, but I'm tired of being treated like shit by the too-cool staff. The straw that broke the camel's back was my most recent trip, when a group of us went here after work.
"Hey what are the specials?"
"They're on the board over there." Points to wall.
"Ah, yeah I can't see those from here, can you just tell me?"
"I mean you can just walk over there... ah, well I guess there is [x,y,z]"
SO there were three specials. Three. Not sixteen or a thousand, three. And my servers idea was that all five of us should go stand awkwardly in the middle of the restaurant to go figure out what they were. If this was a pizza place I would understand. But the food is $15+ a plate, so it's not crazy to think that your server, who presumably enjoys receiving tips, could tell you the specials.
So I went to the bar area hoping to see the manager. I was told that he was "upstairs" and that "he doesn't like to be disturbed. But I guess you could tell me, like, what the issue is, and I could like, ah, tell him later." 
"Are you the assistant manager or something?"
"Nah, I'm one of the bartenders."
Yeah. Great. So shit service and a manager locked away in his high tower. Hopefully this place will go out of business and become something that doesn't suck so hard.15 years ago I ventured into the Khyber to watch a friend play in a band. Only drank beer, but I likes the ambiance. I heard it was closing, and was sad. Fearing the rumors of a Japanese-style place, I was releived when it reopened as a revamped Khyber.
Checked out the new place on Friday. Quite impressed. The beer list was fantastic. The bbq-style food was good. Kind of sad that there is Q around the corner and Khyber. Two places that serve bbq. Hopefully everyone will win.
Khyber wasn't overly crowded. Bartenders were friendly, and knowldgeable about the beer selection. Food was good. I had beef brisket, mac and cheese, and collard greens. My wife had fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and baked beans. 
Brisket was moist, but had a lot of fat. Fried chicken was crispy and juicy. 
Beer selection was quite impressive, and based solely on that, we will return.
It looks like Khyber righted itself, hopefully it will maintain a decent following and stay afloat for a long time.Kyber is open for BRUNCH everyday... I love brunch I can't wait to try it out sometime soon. I went here for lunch with a coworker BC it was open before 12. I will definitely becoming back we had a great time. Good food and serviceYUM!! My husband is from the South so we love to try BBQ wherever we go. BBQ brisket sandwich melts in your mouth and the sweet potato fries were the perfect compliment. Great beer selection. Casual low key dining.Food is absolutely amazing, probably the best burger I have had in a long time and the mac and cheese is a MUST.  It is a little bit dark inside but if you're looking for a quick sandwich or burger, this is a great spot.Easily my favorite spot to eat in Philly.  Drinks are great, service is solid, and the food is unreal.  The only down side is there is typically a wait on weekends, and when I know I'll be heading to the Khyber I usually don't eat all day because their portion sizes are huge, so the last thing I wanna do is wait (not their fault).  I 
Highly recommend this place.This is one of our "go to" places in the area.  Food is always good (have had most of the items on the menu with no disappointments yet) beer selection is always new!  The staff has been pleasant and knowledgeable and the prices are extremely reasonable.  Pretty much everything you need in a place to eat and drink!Came here after a concert late night, waiter was very attentive and received the same service as if it was middle of the day. Love this spotWe stumbled upon Khyber Pass around 11:30pm on a Thursday night. We were starving after an evening of travel, and many area kitchens were closed. We were greeted by two friendly bartenders, a fantastic beer selection, and some comfy seats at the bar. YESssssssssssssssss (you know that feeling?)
I went for the vegan pulled pork sandwich, based on the bartender's recommendation, as well as some smoked cheddar cheese fries. It was JUST what I needed. The sauce on the sandwich was excellent in combination with slaw. The fries were delish. My boyfriend enjoyed his wings, too. Next time we're in Philly, we'll probably try get back.This place is cool. I feel like its stuck in between proper BBQ-joint and dive bar feel. Really extensive beer choices. My brisket was amazing. Boiled peanuts were good. Fries, onion rings, and collared greens were subpar. The server was also being kind of pushy. Bathroom is meh.Best BBQ and mac n cheese around! Ok service, pretty extensive beer menu. Best drunk munchie meal after a night of drinking in old city? oh yeahhhhVegan, vegetarian and carnivores can all eat here food was so good! I had a delicious fried green tomatoe , bacon and lettuce sandwich with a side of greens and it was Fantastic!!!The last time I went here with a group, we got the most fantastic waiter any of us had ever had. John, the waiter, was attentive, friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. The food here has always been pretty good (that I've had) but it was the service that was really brought the place down. Not this time! So it seems they're hiring better waitstaff, hence the upgrade in rating. Always order a Big Ass Biscuit.This is my favorite pub in the Center City/Old City area.  In fact, it may be the best pub in the entire city (it's between Khyber and Memphis Taproom IMO).  Khyber has a great location, excellent food, great service, and a great draught list.
I'm a vegetarian, but don't let that stop you from taking me seriously.  The vegan/vegetarian food here is superb.  Most of it is based on New Orleans style food.  Since New Orleans is my second favorite food city (second only to Philly, of course) I'm always excited to eat at Khyber.  They always have a lot of po' boys to choose from, and usually two or three vegetarian or vegan versions.  They do the faux meat thing perfectly.  And yes, I love well-prepared faux meat dishes that taste as close to the real thing as possible.  I understand if that makes no sense to you, but just because I went vegetarian doesn't mean I don't appreciate what meat tastes like.  And if you can slaughter less animals while still imitating the taste?  Go for it.  If you're like me then you'll love Khyber.
They also have amazing nachos here; some of the best in the city. (It's between Khyber and P.O.P.E. IMO).
The service is always friendly, too.  A huge plus over some of the nearby Old City staple pubs that seem to have servers who pride themselves on always letting you know how "cool" they are.
The draught list is always a big draw.  Come try craft beers from all over the country with some of the best pub food in the city.  You won't be disappointed.I am not sure what to rate this place since the two times I ate there were vastly different.
1st visit:: 5 stars!  Ordered the vegan pulled pork with sweet potato fries and a side of mac & cheese.  Everything was delicious.  I was surprised how good the pulled pork was since I still cannot understand how seitan can be prepared to resemble pulled pork.  Delicious!
2nd visit: 2 stars.  Vegan fried chicken sandwich, seitan sausage sandwich, sweet potato fries and mac & cheese.  The sides were delicious just like the first time, but something was off with both of the sandwiches.  My BF thinks they were old, which is entirely possible since we were both in gastrointestinal hell shortly after our meal.  
Overall, if I were ever in Philly again I would definitely get that vegan pulled pork.  The best part: sweet potato creme brulee.   Straight up heaven in my mouth.The food here is awesome!!!!! My boyfriend is a Fried Chicken Connoisseur...he says their fried chicken is some of the best he's ever had. I had the BBQ Pulled Pork Sammix. I was a very happy girl. Yummy. The bartender was awesome too! She was great, suggesting beers for us to try and what would go well with our meals. Great!!Decided to give Khyber Pass a try for dinner on a Sunday night. The service, beer selection, and food were all top notch. The vibe inside was laid back with an eclectic decor. I had the brisket. It was so tender I didn't need a knife. The portions were huge and left me stuffed. I will definitely be stopping back to try some other menu items that piqued my interest and recommend giving it a try!Went here for a friends birthday and on a Friday night we were easily accomodated for a party of about nine without a reservation. While waiting for our guests to arrive, we got the bacon grease popcorn!! Spicy and fatty, it tasted just like fresh cooked bacon. I split a roasted chicken special with my friend and that was PLENTY of food. I also picked off a friends plate of the pulled pork and it was AMAZING. The three different BBQ sauces were all amazing (mustard base, ketchup base and a vinegar base). Prices were reasonable, beers were good and had I could, I would have kept stuffing my fat face. I hate going to the same place twice, but I WILL be back here!The food is amazing and really unique for Philadelphia. The cuisine reminds me of living in the South and that may add bonus points to this review. The hush puppies and mac and cheese are to die for and there's plenty of veggie options for my vegetarian lady. Plenty of meat options to feed my cave man needs. 
Service is mostly good. It's usually packed but the wait for food is never too long. 
The beer list is amazing. A ton of choices and good details on their menu. Plus, the staff is knowledgeable about the beer. 
Hit this spot up when in Old City.Great beer list, wonderful bartenders who are friendly, bacon popcorn, incredible gumbo. yum.Went there the other night for dinner with my boyfriend. I had a cheeseburger and he got the pulled bloody sandwich. Everything was great! The French fries could have been a little crispier, in my opinion, but there were still good. The service was pretty good :)We stumbled upon this place while wandering around on Labor Day. It was the sign out front that got me, promising a Louisiana style brunch. Being that my boyfriend just moved here from Louisiana, I knew we had to check it out. When we walked in I was a little skeptical that they would have good food, as it has a dive bar feel. And that isn't necessarily brunch friendly. My expectations were more than exceeded. I ordered the bananas foster French toast and a side of praline bacon, as promised on the sign. He was excited to order fried green tomatoes and boudin with hash browns and eggs, a taste of home. We sampled some of each other's food and agreed everything was amazing! I'm not a huge sweets for breakfast person but the French toast was some of the best I had!!! And the praline bacon was like candied bacon. So good. And then I topped off brunch with a beer brewed with chai tea. That's a breakfast beer right? If you are in town come check it out. Great beer list and even better food!!My family was in town visiting, so I decided to take them out to Philadelphia. It was a first time for all of us. We went to Spruce Street Harbor Park to enjoy the nice lights and drinks they have there during the summer. It was close to 11pm by the time we were walking back to our car and we never had dinner (because we had a late lunch), so we decided to see if there was anything open nearby we could eat at before getting in our car to drive home. We first stopped by 2nd Story, but they already stopped serving food by then, so we asked if they knew of any place still serving food nearby. This is the place he recommended.
At first sight, this place looks like a dingy bar, and we weren't sure what to expect. While it is a pub (and the restrooms will remind you of that), the food was amazing! I wasn't sure if I'd be able to find anything for myself, being that I'm a vegetarian, but they had numerous vegan options, even vegan desserts! However, I opted for the nachos off the appetizer menu. As ecstatic as I was that they were vegan-friendly, the vegan options were things like bbq pulled pork, bbq ribs, etc. None of which I ever ate as a carnivore, so even though it was vegan, I wasn't interested. You'd think of all the vegan stuff they had, and all the normal stuff they normally serve at pubs, they'd have a veggie burger, but oh well. The nachos weren't bad (although, I prefer nacho cheese, rather than melted cheese because melted cheese tends to harden quickly). I also got the sweet potato bisque off of their specials menu and that tasted like baby food, so I wouldn't recommend that if you ever see that on the menu.
I had some of the sides my family got with their orders and the mashed potatoes and mac n cheese are amazing! If I ever end up here again, I am definitely going to just order myself a bunch of sides. I also tried their collared greens, which were good as well. Everyone at my table enjoyed their meals, and they give you decently large portions. Walking into this pub was a nice surprise. It reminds you not to ever judge a book by it's cover.Had lunch and ordered the brisket sandwich, mac n cheese, and a beer. The beer was excellent as was the overall beer selection.  The mac n cheese was very good but nothing unusual or extraordinary. And the brisket was ok... tender, not dry but not juicy either, too much bbq sauce that was not really a good compliment to the beef, and the beef had almost no smoke flavor. It was not horrible but not great. It's a nice place, waiter was fine, and prices good. So overall, a very average experience.Brotherly Love 
Philly deserves a new image makeover.  Sure, the Phillies play in a baseball stadium that has a cell to dry out the stupid drunks but the enlightened, gracious, California chill hipsters that run Gastro Pubs like Khyber Pass more than make up for their meathead minded shortcomings.  
I love Philly Hipsters, especially the ones that work at Khyber Pass. Unlike Brooklyn Hipsters,   they're not as obsessed with showing how cool they are, they just are by being way more considerate, chill and better looking which would explain why they're so much more comfortable in their inked out skin. Also, Philly Hipsters get to savor a much richer selection of craft brews and hard to beat Gastro Pub fare that's blessed with all the local foodie touches at half the Brooklyn prices which must be the other reason why they're such a pleasure to be around. 
I went there on a Saturday Afternoon with my wife and 15 month baby girl.  Our waiter nodded towards a corner seat and told us to make ourselves comfortable. I loved how non-frenetic and low key he was about us getting situated. He acknowledged us in a measured, warm way but wasn't running off to grab a high chair either. But I was ok with that laid back attitude because we didn't take forever to be acknowledged or get frozen out because our kids threw their four star yelp coolness rating into jeopardy. 
We've been taking our baby girl to bars in NY since week 2 and this was by far her favorite one. She spent the entire time playing on the party tattered, liver lived in floor which made it the most wholesome, G rated Bar Crawl ever.  We fed her the cornmeal coated, extra meaty, bomb briny, oysters which she scrambled for with blazing, Randall Cunningham type speed.
My pulled pork sandwich was scrumptious and hearty, but not a rib rattling Rocky Balboa gut shot either.  I thought the dosage of vinegar could've been scaled back a tad yet the extra sour snap wasn't overwhelming or hard to come to grips with either.  Also, the coleslaw on the pulled pork sandwich was  zesty, refreshing and breezier than an Elton Brand turnaround fader.   Last, the toasty Kaiser roll used in the Pulled Pork sandwich made made me smitten for more poppy seeds which was a surprise.  Normally,  I have no love for a seed that is respected more for it's staying power than it' great stuff  like Steve Carlton
Also, the beer selection  here was as good as it gets.  On tap, it had more glittering studs than Allen Iverson. I had the Evil Twin Saison which comes all the way from Denmark yet selections such as the IPA Saison from Flying Fish got me even more excited knowing that their beers are hard to spot around the Island of Manhattan.  I also had the Saison, collaboration, between Dogfish, Victory and Stone at some dumpy bar in Wilmington DE that Labor Day weekend which is further evidence that Philly is worth dumping New York for based on their beer selection alone.This place was highly rated on Foursquare for 'regular' food so wasn't sure what I was getting myself into when looking for vegan food. Boy as I surprised! All options were clearly marked and there were plenty of items to choose from.  To top it off my meal was delicious.  Would highly recommend!Really, really good stuff. Creole hot sausage po boy w/ mac and cheese for me, vegetarian nachos for her. Would recommend all of it.The beer snob in me was a huge fan of the beer selection.  The carnivore in me was thrilled by one of the most delicious burgers I've ever had.  The accommodater in me was pleased to see lots of vegan and vegetarian options for my more enlightened friends.  This place pleases all of the Brandies inside of me!  
You enter into the bar area, which is pleasantly dark and cozy, and then have the option of stepping down into a larger room with tables if you want to eat.  I loved the atmosphere, including the *REAL* jukebox, instead of those stupid Touchtunes jukeboxes that have invaded even the best of bars. 
The server wasn't the most attentive in the world, but this was a Friday night, so I totally can't hold that against them.  
Like I said, the beer selection was great, and being an out of towner, I got to try a few things I had never had before.  It was actually the beers that brought me there, but the burger that left me RIDICULOUSLY HAPPY.  Oh man.  My friends actually had to tell me to stop gloating about it.  Yeah, it was that good.  One of my friends got the vegetarian pulled pork and was also pretty pleased with it.
Go here.  Get the burger.  Drink good beer.  Be happy.Easily my favorite go-to place!  They always have a solid beer selection and the music is way better than what other bars in the area are playing.  Great place to go to for bruch, especially hungover because it's pretty dark in there and it goes until 4pm.  Friendly staff, which is always a plus.We refer to Khyber as our Cheers.  There's always a friendly familiar face to greet us, and they know our names!  The food is consistently great, the servers/bartenders are always knowledgeable of the menu (which there are different daily specials) and how to pair the best libation with your meal.   I am a beer drinker and I'm confident that there are few other establishments in Philly that can rival the Khyber's beer selection. Which changes weekly btw. 
My only challenge is that I always ask my server to surprise me with a beer of their choice so I never remember what I had the time before. The only parameters I request is the abv i.e. 7% or below.  Which often times 80% of the beer selection is well over 7%.  Generally when we go back, the options have changed but are always good. I wouldn't recommend going in looking for a Miller Light Draft.  They're proud beer connoisseurs and they may laugh but suggest a great local, light beer.  
As for food, love the Bayona's duck sandwich.  I've had the actual duck sandwich at Bayona's in New Orleans and Khyber's is a pretty solid rendition.  The fried green tomatoes, crawfish etouffee, honey habanero chicken wings, bbq pulled pork sandwich the boudin and eggs for brunch are a few other favorites.  And for any of you veggie/vegan folks, I was told the chef was vegan for a few years so there are usually non-animal options on the menu.  
As for cons...the only negative feedback I can give is when we walk into the bar or restaurant and it's so damn busy there's no room for us.  I'd like to think we have seats with our names on them and are bummed when reminded that we aren't the only Philly patrons who frequent the Khyber.Food was great. As a vegetarian I was thrilled to have multiple unique options for an entree. I ended up getting the vegan sausage with mac n' cheese and loved it. Overall was pretty loud in there but it was also late on a satuThis, ladies and gents, is a bar. Fantastic beer variety ranging from local to national to European. Service was great, and loved the dim atmosphere. What caught me off guard was their fantastic food options. Their regular menu has some tasty sounding items, but then they have an extensive specials menu as well. I had a special crawfish etouffee that was simply divine and absolutely traditional. This dish could certainly have held its own down on the Gulf Coast.
Whether a local or a visitor (like me), this place is a must stop. Plus they play some great tunes on top of it all. A bit pricy, but you're getting what you pay for.Don't let the name fool you - a night out here is a bit easier than actually crossing from Pakistan into Afghanistan, but it may be just as much of an adventure. This place is always buzzing with energy and is great for groups and lively conversation. It's cozy and vivacious all at the same time, and is the kind of place where you can get comfortable for a long time. The barbecue and the po boys are incredible, and the bacon grease popcorn is stunningly indulgent and amazingly delicious. Khyber Pass is easily one of my favorite spots in Philly.When places have over 400 reviews, I don't tend to add mine, cuz, why bother?  BUT, making an exception here for wonderful weird little Khyber Pass - don't pass it by when you're strolling in Old City.  Yes, it's dark, yes, there are lots of locals - BUT, step inside and you'll find some truly great local beers and some mighty tasty food.  Founders Rubaeus, yum!  The happy hour brings good value, including on the night I went, some very very delicious hush puppies with sauces for dipping.  The bar area is good for drinks and appetizers, but sit in the restaurant for more quiet and a real meal.  Will go again...This place was really great. I met up with some friends here and we were all pretty impressed. The beer list was extensive, it had anything you could possibly want. 
They also have pretty good food. We all shared a pulled pork sandwich, a catfish po boy, and collard greens and everything was outstanding. The atmosphere was very relaxed, friendly, and it wasn't too crowded. I fully intend on returning here very soon!I have been here twice and everything was great both times! Best bar in the city. I went both times with my best friend and the first time, I had a lot of wine, Chardonnay, which was good. Met some cute guys too. The second time, last night, I had a couple of amaretto sours and a couple of glasses of reisling. The prices were a little high, especially for the wine...$8.80 per glass. My friend and I shared vegan pulled pork nachos with no sour cream and no cheese, and I didn't even miss the dairy and meat. (My friend is vegan so I eat vegan when I'm out with her.) We both met a guy we hit it off with too! (Tip: ask for Ritchie's vegan wings...haven't had em yet but they're supposed to be good, coming from the upstairs manager.) Enjoy! :)I just made my first official trip into The Khyber since its recent culinary and style rebirth, and it will not be my last.  The place is full of character, delicious southern-style food with fun twists, a great (though not exhaustive) beer selection, and knowledgeable down-to-earth staff.  You know what it is not full of?  Itself!  Always a refreshing bonus.
The meal in question was a Thursday, late-night, post-movie nosh with my husband after we had been turned away from a neighbor establishment that had randomly closed their kitchen early that night.  I was a little bit nervous, as husband has a somewhat limited (but expanding) palette, but we were hungry and thirsty and he was up for an adventure.  A summer weeknight in the city had the place pretty slow (~ 1/2 full bar, and just a few occupied tables), and we grabbed seats at the bar to keep an eye on the Phillies game.  The music was loud, but energetically rather than overbearingly so.  I was able to have a conversation with my immediate neighbor without shouting.
I had a difficult time deciding on food, as the menu was large and diverse, and there were also many specials available.  The overall influence was southern comfort food, but fancied up just enough to keep the comfort interesting.  I went with a great spinach salad with grilled shrimp, sauteed mushrooms and spiced walnuts topped with a simply delightful cane sugar balsamic vinaigrette, while my husband devoured a BBQ brisket sandwich with perfectly cooked shoestring (non-battered) fries.  I helped offset my nice healthy salad by succumbing to the temptation of a red velvet cupcake, which was only very good (rather than outstanding), but satisfied my sweet tooth nonetheless.
The bartenders were very cool about letting one sample a draft before committing to a pint (or half pint if you desire!), which is a nice touch.  When I requested a sample of a particular IPA (after finishing a pint of another), the young lady brought me a sample of the one I requested along with an additional IPA that she thought was even better.  She was right, and I appreciated her confidence in providing the recommendation.
My only regret is that I waited so long to actually try out the new Khyber after hearing the raves it was getting.  I am looking forward to many happy returns to explore their menu and see what fun new beers I can discover.Came here a couple weeks ago for brunch and was pleasantly surprised. I was skeptical given that it's a bit divey and in Old City. But all concerns vanished quickly. First, who knew getting parking on a Saturday late morning in Old City would be so ridiculously easy. The staff was totally chill, friendly and not pretentious. I had a Bananas Foster French Toast, and though it's not too hard to mess up, they delivered one hefty and delicious dish to put me on Cloud 9 at the start of the day. We sat by the window in the bar area and it didn't have the Friday night leftover booze stink you'd anticipate on a Saturday morning. All around great experience.i heard it was bought by puck from the real world and that's how it got ruined. then he sold it. so, now they're trying to do shows again... only upstairs. not the same. oh well.Went in for dinner, sat at the bar, good service. 
I had high expectations for the food based on reviews here. We started with the bacon grease popcorn - I really didn't think it was anything special, and I could still kind of taste it the next day. We ate  half the bag. We then had fried oysters, fried green tomatoes, and the Boudin Balls. Of these the only one i would order again is the oysters. The other items were kind of meh. Dinner for me was brisket with mac n cheese and beans on the side. The Brisket was good. I'm not going to call it great, I've had much better, but it was good. The mac n cheese and beans fall into the same category. Huge sides. I ate maybe 1/4 of them, maybe. My cohort had the pulled pork sandwich and declared it excellent. Am I glad to check this off the list? Yes. Do I wish I'd gone to Amada or Buddokan for dinner after drinks at Khbyer Pass Pub, you bet I do. 
great place for drinks - really, but i think i'll leave it at that. Maybe the oyster app.I went last night for their 1 year anniversary party, which was awesome.  $2 beers on drafts and $4 manhattans.  
Khyber Pass has an amazing selection of beers on tap.  I hear the food is also fantastic- I can't wait to go back to try it out.  This is probably the only old city bar I'd frequent.  No skanky ho's anywhere in sight here!Great spot to meet friends, grab food with family, or go on a date! Excellent vegan options and substantial drink options. Low-key atmosphere. And thanks for a supporting local, women-run business by offering desserts from Crust Vegan Bakery! (https://www.yelp.com/biz/crust-bakery-philadelphia)I went last night with a friend for Khyber's 4th Anniversary. The service was a bit slow but considering the crowd it was expected. They had an amazing craft beer menu for the event. We ordered the pulled pork nachos which were awesome! A small is more then enough for two people. I ordered the fried chicken po boy with a side of mashed potatoes, delish! My friend ordered the Sammie po boy with a side of cheddar fries, the fries were average but the rolls for the po boys were spent on authentic. We love the casual cozy vibe of this pub!Khyber Pass is one of those  places that's great for taking guests from out of town. The good is tasty and excellent quality, and it has that unique, hole-in-the-wall feel. The menu is diverse without being overwhelming, and there's something for everyone regardless of dietary restrictions.
Service can be hit or miss here (we had a really rude waitress once and could not for the life of us figure out what we did, since she acted like we were bothering her from the very beginning), but it's usually good. Service at the bar has always been excellent. The ambiance created by the dim lighting and colorful, Christmas-type lights is very nice, but it can be very loud between the music and the conversation going on around you.
I highly recommend the Khyber Burger and the fried chicken po boy. The sweet potato fries are delicious, and I think the cole slaw is the best I've ever had (and if not, it's definitely top three). As an appetizer, definitely the bacon grease popcorn - yum! This is not the place to go if you're watching your weight, but it sure is tasty!Kyber Pass Pub is a great little bar and restaurant. I love all of the vegan options and the unique cuisine. I've tried both the vegan chicken po'boy and the vegan bbq pulled pork. Both were delicious! So far, my favorite side order has been fried okra, which was a weekend special. This place also has a nice craft beer selection, which I always appreciate. Warning: they're crowded! You'll probably need to wait a while for a table.This place is awesome. Chill, great food, super friendly staff.  If I lived here I would probably be here at least twice a week.Food here is outstanding Cajun soul food hard to find anywhere else and especially good food on the late night since the kitchen is open until 1am! 
However this building is so old and place is always so dim that it's always crawling with bugs therefore I haven't been back for any food. It's a shame really cause there. Mac n cheese and fried green tomatoes are excellent!  I wish the owner cared more and up kept his buildingI can't say enough good things about this place. The name is misleading: it's New Orleans style cuisine, and it's superb. We had the fried shrimp po boy and the jambalaya special. Make sure you get the bacon popcorn to snack on while sampling their wide selection of beers. My go-to place in all of Philadelphia.First impressions are incredibly important. The first impression I got of the new Khyber was during their grand opening this past Wednesday... I got their just in time for the hour of free Sly Fox and bourbon, friendly, generous and attentive bartenders were walking around with beers to give away, no annoying wait at the bar to get their attention for a drink. Awesomeeee! I just missed all 22 drafts being $2 but a look at the list was promising, they even carry the Dogfishhead Olde Barleywine (15% ABV, $7- not bad!). Good juke box, nice bartenders, good atmosphere.
I like the new revamped interior, white christmas lights all around gave it a Cantina-esque feel. The dining area was open and not cramped. I would definitely go back for a drink here whenever I'm in Old City, gotta try the food too!Outstanding. This is the place to indulge in BBQ of all styles accompanied by a solid drink menu. The ribs are thick and juicy. The pulled pork is tender and flavorful. The baked Mac and cheese is delectable. The sweet potato fries are crunchy and not overloaded with salt. You have a choice of different BBQ sauces from states such as Kansas City and the Carolinas. Whether it is brunch, lunch, or dinner I highly recommend this place. In my book, it's a "do not miss". OH, and do not forget about the bacon greased popcorn, the ultimate drinking snack.I was surprised that this place had a decent selection of vegan options/substitutes. The vegan fried chicken po' boy was tasty. My friend ordered the vegan pulled pork (made out of seitan) and he wasn't a fan, but he loved the big ass biscuit. It's a very hipster vibe. I plan on coming back to try out other menu options.Told the server it was one of our guests birthday and he responded "so what?"  Paid $16 for 3 small pieces of chicken. Overpriced bar in old city. Mixed drinks are terrible. Do yourself a favor and just go somewhere else.Well I dropped in here today first a lunch and the of fortunately it just didn't live up to the hype of the the the the drink was up was good and cold in fresh and reasonably priced but that the food unfortunately was a really quite overpriced for for what you get uh I ordered the other the lunch special fried chicken and it was $16 and "underwhelming".Went again, and the Pork Belly White Bean Chili blew my mind.  And the beer list yet again contributed to the explosion.
SO LOUD ON FRIDAY NIGHT THOUGH.Solid bar and good service. My first time here they were inviting and engaging and the bartender was very cool to talk to. Go here and enjoy yourself.The food is above average but below awesome, but the environment and the people working here really make it a 5 star place. It's really cool, relaxed, and had a great choice of beers. Definitely try the gumbo and mac & cheese!After much delay, I finally made it here for a meal.
The time I stopped in after the Yelp Elite event at appRenaissance doesn't count since I came in, ordered two waters, sat down for 5 minutes and stumbled home.
But back to the original point, most times when reviewing a restaurant I'll make a remark on the dishes my friends also ordered around me. This information has not been preserved because my burger and fries were that damned good.
I know this is a BBQ joint but I was craving a burger that day, so that's what I went with. The "debris" gravy was sensational. I love disco fries, poutine and anything other excuse to lob cheese and gravy together.
My burger itself was pretty typical, bacon, cheese, toppings. But it was solid. No complaints about it.
My favorite thing about this place is surely the bacon grease popcorn. I'm a huge fan of bacon, don't get me wrong, but it's the spiciness of this treat that really gives it a kick and its addictive property.
I can't wait to go back and try everything else. I don't miss the old Khyber one bit.I love this place and eat here frequently. I have been to New Orleans many times and Khyber is definitely authentic and delicious Cajun food. I have had several of their po'boys and like the hot creole sausage the best. Be warned it is very spicy. Their BBQ is pretty good but the jambalaya is incredible. Seriously it is the best I have ever had. Great rotating draft list and great bartenders. Do yourself a favor!OMG best damn hangover joint! They have a New Orleans brunch on weekends. Must haves: the bacon grease popcorn with Cajun spices and their fried chicken (20 minutes to prepare).  Make sure you get the Mac and cheese as a side!!I haven't been to the Khyber for a long time since the renovations, so I am glad I took a chance to come back here. The renovations are cool with seating where the stage use to be to give more of that pub feel. They have a great rotating draft list and an extensive bottle list, so you will find a beer you'll enjoy. I also tried their gumbo and it was packed with andouliie sausages. I do enjoy the concept of the menu being more of a laid back New Orleans style, so I have to try the rest of the menu. They are also getting bands upstairs, so it is even more of a reason to come here.Great place for after dinner drinks. Similar to Royal Tavern, I'm pretty sure they have the same owners. Huge and great beer selection and the bartenders are really attentive and nice.Did you know that the original owners son was partly responsible for the attacks in Mumbai? He was apparently this huge heroin smuggler/terrorist... This place is old school old city. I remember going to the khyber back when terrible(some amazing) bands were playing over at upstairs at nicks. I remember when we would go to the khyber before there was a northern liberties and when old city was really kind of a ghetto. Gosh the good ol days before all the hipsters before all the brightly colored bikes and I'm too cool for school rejects. I remember a time when most of these little shits roaming the city would've had to have a whole bunch of extra diapers in their coach messenger bags to be hanging round this place. I'm talking about a time when nirvana was playing songs off bleach at j.c. Dobbs or fugazi at the khyber. on south street and the fanciest beer on draft was the one that worked. I saw so many bands here and I am afraid that shangri la is dead. I gave this five stars only based on nostalgia.Khyber is the place I recommend to out of towners who want casual or bar food when visiting. 
Everything I've had here in about ten visits over the last two years has tasted great and been prepared well.  I compare it to recent visits to Silk City Diner, American Sardine Bar, and Strangelove, where some of the dishes don't seem completely thought out or fall a bit short in terms of flavor.  Khyber has nailed it every time.  PS--it looks like a dive when you walk in, but that's intentional, can be misleading on a first visit.  Dining room is separate room once you walk through the bar and has plenty of room.Every time I come to Philly, this is one of the places I need to stop by. Reasons are:
Food: This is just the place where you can get anything you might have in mind (soups, salads, chillis, gumbos, apps, sandwiches, barbecues: chicken, pork and brisket) and it tastes really good! My experience is based on a tasty gumbo, fried green tomatoes, pulled pork, pork ribs and brisket). If you don't feel heat enough, they got extra sauces!
Drinks: This is what I call a good selection of beers (keeps changing every day) and funny drinks: corpse reviver and hurricane, my faves! Prices are also good either for brunch or a just Friday night hangout time.
Service: It could be better... but I get it, it gets busy, they are trying their best!
Atmosphere: Just the right place you want to be on a Fri/Sat night (with good rock as background) or sit at the right side where they have tables and you can enjoy a whole meal!
Well done KPP ;)Best vegetarian/vegan selection of bar food in the area in my opinion. The menu has a ton of veg options, and all of the things I've tried have been well-executed. I especially love the vegan chicken Po-Boy and the nachos with vegan BBQ pulled pork. I fantasize about the food here often, which is my mark of a great place. Beer selection is pretty good here too, but the main draw for me is the food.Is there any way to give 4 1/2 stars? The sole criticism I have is it can be a little too loud at times, causing you to nearly scream at the person next to you, but other than that I have nothing but praises for the Khyber. The food is delicious, and if I had to pick my last meal on this earth, the bacon grease popcorn would be somewhere on that final menu. 
They also offer a plethora of vegetarian options, making sure no one is left out of the good eats to be had at this establishment. The drinks are also affordable and well made: all in all, a great place to grab some food and drinks with friends!Came here for lunch on a Friday. Don't be fooled by the outside dcor - it's a great place for a weekday lunch!
What other pub has this many delicious vegan options? I got the VEGAN bbq pulled pork sandwich, which was really good on it's own. BUT it also came with a side, and I of course went with the baked mac N cheese, which was also great. Service was a little slow, and it did take some time for our food to come out (hence the 4 stars), but the food made it worth the wait.I love the khyber. There selection of vegan options are amazing you have to try the po boy and wash it down with as many heady beers as you can handle. My favorite spot in old city. If you haven't been then go!With the consistency and price of this place I'm always amazed that there never seems to be a wait. I've been here for lunch, dinner, on dates, for takeout, and even just for a drink at the bar and have always left happy. The dining room is laid out right: two long banquets against the long walls and tables that move around to accommodate different size groups. Service speed is sometimes an issue, since I feel as though there are often too few servers and you can get overlooked. Also, one particular server has the terrible habit of holding your glass from the top, meaning fingers on the rim. Gross.
Although I'm not a vegetarian my two favorite dishes are are the vegan pulled pork platter and the vegan friend chicken po' boy. Both are nice sized portions and don't feel like second-class options. The two dipping sauces that come with the hush puppies (recently changed from finger-shaped globs to balls, and they are not only easier to eat, but seem to actually taste better) are incredible.Went to Khyber Pass Pub last evening with some friends and have to say I was a little disappointed.  After reading so many awesome Yelp reviews we were very excited to try the place out.  Dinner was at 8:00 and we were lucky to get seated right away.  The place was really loud so it was hard to hear what people were saying but we were expecting this since it is a bar atmosphere.  My husband ordered the bacon popcorn and he really enjoyed it but did say it was a little spicy.  He had the burger for an entree and I have to say this was very tasty.  Now on to the problem...I ordered the fried chicken cause I heard it was awesome.  What a disappointment this was.  The pieces were small and were very dried out.  The breading on the chicken reminded me of a shake and bake type of a texture and was one of the worst fried chickens I have ever had.  It's pretty bad when you say that Popeye's chicken was better.  I had the greens as one of my sides which was very very tasty and ordered a Big Ass Biscuit which was blah.  If you are calling something a Big Ass Biscuit it should be really big and not just the size of a Grands Pillsbury Biscuit.  It was very dried out and the butter the offered with it just crumbled the biscuit as you spread it.  My friend who is a Vegan ordered the sausage and she said it was her new favorite for this place.  It's very hard to find restaurants that have so many Vegan options on the menu and this place had a bunch so if your Vegan definitely try this place out.  All in all it wasn't a horrible place and the atmosphere and staff were awesome and friendly.Love the red beans and rice.  This is my favorite beer and creole and cajun place to eat in Philadelphia.  Great serviceFour of uswent here for the first time and all were blown away.  Vast beer selection to suit all tastes.  The bacon grease popcorn is addictive;  we were fighting over the last kernels. Between us had the burger, pulled pork platter, brisket sandwich and sampler platter. Everything was delicious.  Portions are huge, thought the server had put in the wrong sampler. With all the sides: biscuits, smoked cheddar fries, sweet potato fries and of course the mac and cheese we could have ordered half the food and still had leftovers.  Because we weren't going straight home had to leave all that was left:-(. We will be back.A small, dark little enclave in Old City, with a comforting, casual vibe and very tasty food that transcends beyond your average "pub" food, Khyber Pass is a place I was very happy to walk into eventually and try out. 
We got the BBQ brisket sandwich with a side of Mac and cheese and the North Carolina pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries. The brisket was my favorite -- the meat was marinated really well and with the toasted, warm bread, it was over very quickly. The coleslaw on the pulled pork sandwich was perfect -- not overly dressed and with a distinct crunch. The Mac and cheese was heavenly! 
The beer list is extensive and so is their selection of po boys! There are several things I want to try on their menu from the gumbo to the shrimp po boy to even their nachos.
The service was friendly and it was overall a very good experience. I'll certainly be going back!My first go round was vegan with the pulled pork.  It was delicious, no complaints, and satisfied my belly.  The second time around was for ribs!  It was juicy and flavorful.  They give you 4 pieces of ribs and 2 choices of sides.  The portion size was more than i could devour.  I'm a sauce girl so i loved the different types of dipping sauce that they brought out for the meat.  The grilled chicken wings appetizer was decent but nothing special.  My fave side is the out of this world baked mac and cheese which stayed warm throughout our meal.  Oh and can't forget about the bacon cooked in bacon grease, bad for you but finger licking good.  
This is such a solid place to get your bbq fix.  I love that its vegan friendly as well.This is one of the few places I'll consider going to on a weekend night in Old City, and I live in Old City.  I remember it from the days of being a gross run down place to see bands play, and I liked it then, but I also like the latest reincarnation as a place to get food late, in my hood.
So far I've only sampled the nachos with vegan pulled pork, but I have to say they are tasty.  Of course I appreciate all of the vegetarian options they have on the menu. I'm not a vegan, but I also appreciate the vegan options on the menu, in case I want to dine with some vegan friends without hassle.  The drinks are a bit pricey, but I can deal with that.  What I couldn't deal with was how amazingly rude the door man was.  I'm an adult, obviously above 21 and I wasn't drunk or impolite at all, but he acted like me and my companions tried to trespass on his private property and worse when we attempted to walk in the door.  Lighten up dude, your job isn't that serious.Tried this place out one the last times I was in town and it if fantastic. The food was great although we only had a little. The drinks were flowing and the bartender was really nice. Be wary of the frozen drink machine (can't remember what it was) - it is strong and will take you out. Great hidden spot in a great location!I went to the Khyber to see divey shows. Upstairs is still a venue and I think they are remodeling it. The downstairs I did not recognize. They remodeled and got a new menu, new chef. I was adamant about trying the food there. I was pleasantly surprised. I had the pulled pork sandwich. It was delicious and the diff bbq sauces were awesome. They had a vinegar one which was oh so yummy. I also had the sweet potato fries with their bacon gravy. Can't wait to hit a show there get some grub and beers.I've lost hours of sleep trying to figure out what's in that addictive bacon grease popcorn.  I don't think I'll ever be able to recreate it, so we'll just have to keep going to Khyber Pass.  Oh well!  This place marries together so well so many different things - (1) dive bar with beer bar (complete with a beer list telling you what's been recently tapped and little notes stamped on it), (2) glorious meaty dishes (yummy fried chicken, awesome burger, obviously bacon grease popcorn) with vegan/veg selections a-plenty, (3) Philly hipster (not in a bad way - like in a Kenzinger, jukebox and beards kind of way) with New Orleans cuisine (gumbo, muffalettas and po-boys).  There is literally something for everyone.  Top it off with polite and knowledgeable service, and you've definitely got a favorite (and a rare place where I can chow down on ribs while my vegan buddies indulge in a vegan fried chicken po-boy)!Their draft selection is one of the best in the city & when you pair that with one of the greatest happy hour deals in the city... along with $3 bacon popcorn- my goodness gracious this place phenomenal. Gather a crew & head there for your next happy hour. Did I mention they have bacon popcorn for $3? Yeah, you're gonna want to try some of that.I've been here several times and have always loved my meal. The last time I was there, they had an insanely delicious butternut squash soup. The portions are kinda big, so I ended up getting mine to go--fair warning if you're planning to eat here before a night out, or if you're not headed right home after!This place is dynamite my coworkers and I come here for lunch and we love it. I've had there burgers I love the char grill taste of the burgers. My coworkers have had the pull pork, ribs and chicken and they loved it. It's a weird thing to like but this place has old hard wood floors that look like they have a ton of history. Last but not least the service here is A1 and I'll be back for sure.Was wondering around the city on a Friday night with some family looking for a place to grab some food and drinks when I stumbled across this place. 
While the name got my attention, the menu is what got us inside. Having been from New Orleans, seeing their menu featuring things such as Po Boys, Red Beans and Rice, and Beignets was enough to grab my attention. 
Inside it was a fairly nice, albeit small, place. The size is not detrimental, as a lot of places in this area are on the smaller side. The bar was crowded with limited seating, but they were quick to get a table for us. 
The draft beer list is fairly good, with a variety of local beers and classic beers you expect to see at a bar in the city. Where this place stood out was on their bottle list, featuring beers from England, France, Canada, and many other countries. The beers featured were of a wide variety of styles and percentages, and they even had trappist rochefort 8, a favorite of mine.
The food menu was concise and featured classic New Orleans favorite foods. I got a roast beef Po Boy which was fairly large and came with a side of my choice (I chose the baked mac and cheese). The Po Boy was not overflowing with roast beef and gravy as you'd expect in New Orleans, but instead was a more manageable size that required less napkins while still being absolutely delicious.
The baked mac and cheese, while insanely hot, was equally delicious. The cheese was perfectly creamy while the top of the pasta was baked to a nice golden crisp. 
The waitress I had was great; she was quick to answer questions about the menu and the origins/history of the restaurant, and engaged in a nice conversation about New Orleans culture. The service from her, and whoever delivered our drinks, was prompt and well-mannered. 
I heard good things from the resident muffaletta expert at the table, and nothing bad was said about the surf-n-turf Po Boy either (breaded shrimp with roast beef). The waitress said their weekend brunch featuring beignets and cafe au lait was something to come back for and I believe her, as this place was a great find. 
I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to try a nice foreign bottled beer alongside some great, classic, and authentic food from the South!Been here twice..really like it, but I'm knocking it down one star because the service last time I went, was pretty slow.
However..the food is fabulous. They have so many amazing IPAs on tap, that you can find any kind of beer you want.  The jukebox is right in line with my musical tastes..where else can you create a playlist that includes Fear, Bad Brains, Johnny Cash, the Beatles, Elvis Costello...
I read a review of this place before I went, and somehow I got in my mind that they had bacon grease FRIES on the menu, instead of bacon grease popcorn.  The bartender was so nice, though..he didn't laugh at me for asking for the wrong thing, instead he had the cooks make me bacon grease fries! And they were delicious.
I think I might become a regular here.  Also, I had no idea how fun and cool Olde City is, and now I do.  I highly recommend, you save some room to go to Shane Candies after your meal. Best candy shop ever.The food is great. Servers are nice but they are very slow!!! We went in tonight, only five tables (2 of which we leaving when we arrived) greeted and given water. Then, after 10 minutes we were finally greeted by our server. As I said food is great and came out quickly. Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs and asked for food to be boxed (we ordered 3 side dishes, an app, and a sandwich) in addition to 3 cocktails bill was $74 no complaints. Add insult to injury my boyfriends sandwich and mashed potatoes were never put in bag for the rest of the leftovers. Now, he's walking in the frigid night looking for food after spending quite a bit. This was our third time here. Same experience with service each time. Doubt there will be a 4th. Too bad because you're food always hits the spot.First time here. Found this place online. Wanted to try something different. Never had a catfish po' boy before. It was very good.shrimp and grits and shrimp and grits. 
showed up at 1130 for lunch and didnt have to wait. had to wait a teeny bit for food but it  was perfect for a relaxing brunch/lunch. 
i hope the hipsters keep away and that this place remains an easy, delicious place to get your brunch on (with beignets)OK. I'm saying it. Why all the rave reviews of the popcorn?! I have a salty palate, but this was too salty. And too salty for me is just TOO DAMN SALTY! I'm still recovering and it was almost a week ago that I was there.
That being said, according to my BF, who is far more knowledgeable about beer than I, they had a great beer selection: he studied that draft list very carefully and helped me pick out a great Belgian that I really enjoyed...a few times.
And, though the popcorn was a disappointment, the Vegan BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich was bangin', as were the collard greens & the sweet potato fries. However, the Grilled Vegan Sausage was kind of meh.
Overall, despite some disappointments, 4 stars for the good beer, and, well, being the creature of habit that I am, I loved the Vegan Pulled Pork enough to order it again and again and again.Finally got to try Khyber Pass Pub and was not disappointed.
I ordered the brisket sandwich and collard greens as my side.  I wouldn't have changed a single thing about my sandwich.  The brisket was incredibly tender and juicy.  The bun was buttery and flaky.  The collard greens (which should be featured on way more menus) were a great addition to the sandwich. 
My boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac & cheese.  The pork sandwich was a little bit underwhelming in terms of depth of flavor.  The real star of the night, though, was the mac & cheese, which was rich and creamy, perfectly broiled.  I'd go back just for the mac and cheese.Great beer, great food, gets a little crowded and is a little bit pricey for Philadelphia in general. Pretty in line with Old City prices though.Khyber Pass Pub is located in a historic city, in a historic building, with a historic bar that came from the Centennial World's Fair if 1876.  Khyber Pass itself, has only been open since 1970, making it a baby in comparison. Still, the place is dark (even in the daytime), with plenty of atmosphere. 
Khyber Pass Pub also has much more than just bar food. First, they serve brunch all day. Many of those items did look tempting, but I resisted. Second, there are many New Orleans style dishes on the menu. Third, there is a chalkboard with a bunch of enticing specials every day. Do not miss these.
We started with three apps to share:  
Bacon Grease Popcorn:  I know, sounds kind of disgusting, but the popcorn did not taste greasy at all and was great!  You can also order Vegan Buttered Popcorn!
Nachos with BBQ Pulled Pork: With a green tomato salsa, this was a crispy and tasty dish. You can also get it with vegan pulled pork!
Grilled Chicken Wings with Chipotle-Bourbon BBQ Sauce-this sweet sauce was very good!
The table ordered a hodgepodge of items for mains. One little blip was that 12 year old ordered a plain cheeseburger. It came out with tons of other stuff on it so we had to send it back. He ordered more of the wings instead. My sister, who did order the Khyber Burger with all the fixings (bacon, BBQ onions, creole mustard, cheddar cheese) loved it. Husband adored his BBQ Brisket Sandwich.  11 year old had the Gumbo and found it a bit underwhelming. He thought it could have been much spicier. I went on the lighter side and tried two specials:  Sweet Potato Bisque and the Beet Watermelon Salad.   The soup did not taste like it had much if any dairy in it. It just tasted like pured sweet potato and it was very good.  I truly enjoyed the salad as well. It was light and refreshing....perfect for a summer afternoon. 
Overall the food at Knyber Pass was varied and creative, especially for a bar!  Service was friendly but pretty slow. Lunch took way longer than we wanted it to (especially since we wanted to get back to sightseeing!) So I would advise only dining at Khyber if you have some time to spare.First, If I was rating food and beer only - they would get 5 stars. The food, is amazing - melt off the bone barbecue, lots of bacon, spices, and down home goodness. Even the collard greens are worth mentioning. The beer selection is also top notch, a very diverse, ever changing list of craft beer wonders. 
BUT, if you go at any time other than lunch it is so ungodly loud that you can't hold a conversation with the person on the barstool next to you, let alone your friends around the table. Well I guess if you've got an awkward date coming up and you don't think you'll have much to talk about...this would be the place to be!  I'll stick to visiting Khyber for lunch only.It was just what we wanted.  We were looking  for craft beer, hoping for a local selection.  We were very happy with the choices.  Food was excellent. Hubby had some fried oysters they were fabulous!I have been here a few times and so far so good.
Came here with Jess E as part of the great nacho search of 2011, nachos were good and had tomatillos on them which was something different.
Beer list has always been awesome, good variety and fairly priced.
Came here this past weekend and ate dinner, tried a  vegan pulled pork sandwich with fried green tomatoes with side of collards, sandwich was really good, the collards were a little bland for me.
The friend I was with had a pulled pork sandwich, she didn't have any complaints.
Good beer, good food, gets crazy crowded on weekend nights pretty typical of Old City establishments.This is hands down the best BBQ/Southern style food in the city. 
I don't even really like pork but their pulled pork is SOOO amazing! Pretty much everything I get here taste great and never disappoints. I could eat the hush puppies, pulled pork, and mash potatoes w/ gravy everyday of my life! I also really love that they have vegan options, it makes going out with a bunch of people really easy! The beer list is insane! So much to choose from and they always switch it up.
The staff is pretty friends and quick, it can get crazy in there so sometimes you gotta cut them a break.  It can be a little loud which I'm not super stoked on, but as long as they keep playing good music I won't be too upset. :)Khyber Pass has become my go-to Thursday late night dinner spot. In 2013 I'm traveling again for work, and I don't get home until 10pm Thursdays. Once I get in, the lady and I head on to Khyber Pass.
What's so special about a Khyber Pass Thursday at 10:30/11pm? It's busy. I like that. It makes me feel like I'm coming home to something happening (though the lady is really all I need =D ). Second - it's consistent. 
They serve up comfort food that is consistently good. The service is consistently nice, and it's always consistently a little cold if you sit by the window in the winter (I could do without that consistency, but that's neither here nor there). On first visit, I didn't think much. After finding a special place in my heart, Khyber Pass has moved up in my ranks.
Great beer selection, great food selection. I'd strongly recommend the grilled chicken po boy or sammy po boy, with sweet potato fries and collard greens. The pulled pork sandwich is nice too, even the vegetarian edition.
No need to get the mac n' cheese, unless you like really buttery mac n' cheese. Beers rotate all the time, but I go for the latest nut brown they've got. If that's out, I'll go for something that's not too hoppy. 
Next time I'll be there is March 7th (won't be home 'til then). See you there!Who would have thunk it, the old khyber pass in 2011 is a happening restaurant, and no longer my favorite spot for live music. Yes, the music may have died, but the khyber pass has reinvented itself in the past year with one impressive pub/restaurant. A bit of interior remodeling was all that was needed to create the quality restaurant it is today. Yes, the same old jukebox and imported UK wooden bar still stand. Improved ale selections, and NOLA styled Cajun fare added. The aesthetics are as good as the food and drink were when I recently dined there with my first for the first time since the place used to rock with live bands. 
    I must have seen 100 bands if not more since 1990 at the khyber pass. It was consistently a cool location to catch a gig or simply meet friends and throw back a few ales. I do miss the live music, but thankfully the old stalwart remains an attractive location for me today. If in old city, definitely check out the revamped khyber pass. The food was delicious, I had a pulled pork sandwich, a chimay than heffen wessen tap ale....all top shelf fare. A few bucks slipped into the jukebox, and Motorhead, Dead Meadow, Priest, AC/DC, T Rex, Deep Purple, et al accompanied one hell of a fun lunch for my wife and I. Sitting there dinnign, brought back flashbacks of so many cool gigs held at the khyber pass over the years...it was a bit of a bitter sweet farewell to the past and recognition of the future. Have a drink on me if you go, cheers.This place was great. New Orleans themed restaurant/bar spot in a good spot in Philly on 2nd street. Mimosa's were so so but they had a good selection of beers on tap. I ordered the muffaletta sandwich....it was HUGE and had too much cheese for my tasting but it was good. If you've never had a real one in New Orleans, this would probably be great. Still a fan, just a little too thick for me.  Everything that everyone else in my party ordered looked amazing. What really impressed me was the service. We had a party of 12 and one waiter....that typically means slow, inefficient service. But this guy was great....He handled the whole table by himself, made recommendations off the menu that were spot on, I don't recall anyone waiting long for their food or for him to take our multiple drink orders....and he even had our waters refilled between drinks....that is usually unheard of with a table of 12 and one waiter during a busy time at a hot spot. Overall, highly recommend this place.Just moved to Old City and asked a friend for a cool bar/dinner spot in the area. He was quick to mention Khyber Pass Pub. It came through with a solid beer list, but the meal took center stage for my girlfriend and me. We had the bacon grease popcorn, a must have when we go back (and I'm probably sneaking it into a movie theatre every time I go now.) We have the take two BBQ, tender pulled pork and brisket, with a creamy Mac n cheese and sweet potato fries. All 3 styles of BBQ were on point, my favorite was the mustard based which I never had before. The meal was a hit on every level, relatively inexpensive, great service and a cool atmosphere to go with a great beer list and bangin BBQ. Will definitely be a frequent visitor!The food here is simply incredible, and an impressive draught list makes this place a must visit when you're in Old City. I always try the po boys (I had the blackened chicken po boy last time), and the pulled pork platter is just so good. My favorites have to be the sides though - the collard greens are so good I could eat five sides as an entree and be satisfied (and they're vegetarian!), and the mac-n-cheese is divine. 
The only qualm I have about Khyber are the servers - they tend to be a bit curt, albeit knowledgeable about the menu and draught list. 
Highly recommended for anyone looking for a hearty meal and a delicious beer!Excellent food w/ great New Orleans cuisine options such as Po Boy sandwiches w/ nice size shrimp lightly breaded, so you can see you're getting a FULL size shrimp & the flavor is amazingly tasty!! Also, the French bread for the Po Boy was very authentic since I am a native from New Orleans, I can tell for sure! Beignets were on point too! The rest of the food my family had from the half chicken, hamburger, sweet potatoe fries, baked beans, greens, banana foster pancakes..etc were ALL extremely flavorable & delicious!! Give this place a try..you will NOT regret it!!
PS. I forgot to mention they have a very nice selection of VEGAN FOOD options & they taste soo GOOD! Someone in my party had the nachos w/ the vegan pulled pork option, I was blown away since the taste was soo yummy!!We love this place. The pulled pork nachos are incredible; the kind of nachos that you dream of a bar having. They are covered in a mixture of diced veggies, sour cream, melted cheese, pulled pork and copious amounts of citrus/lime juice. 
The Mac and cheese is also unreal. Mac and cheese is not a dish that I typically order out (because I have my own recipe), but this is the exception. I love it. 
The tap selection is stacked, and they are constantly rotating new and excellent craft beers from all over the place. The prices are very reasonable for craft beers in old city, and they also have a happy hour! During the happy hour, they offer a frozen mint julep for 5 bucks. I grew up in Cincinnati, and spent lots of time watching horse racing and drinking mint juleps, but have never had a frozen rendition until Khyber Pass.  It makes me terribly nostalgic of the Kentucky derby, and brings me back to an authentic tasting julep. Well done!
The service is great, and the music is always good. A "must go" for old city.Yay for southern food. Best mint julep I've ever had and great atmosphere. 
I'm giving it a five star even though my jumbalaya was unbelievably and intolerably spicy. Not for pussies.Let me make one thing clear; my friend and I would have NOT known about this place if it were not for our host from Couchsurfing who knew everything about Philly! Kyhber Pass Pub, is an authentic Cajun Gastropub founded in 1970. It's one of Philadelphia's oldest bars and the menu features a satisfying selection of craft beers, hickory-smoked barbecue, authentic New Orleans specialties and more. 
My best friend and I ordered the small size of the "Nachos" which consisted of fresh corn tortilla chips, jack cheese, green tomato salsa, scallions and sour cream. My mouth is literally watering right now as I remember the burst of flavor this appetizer packed. All of the ingredients were fresh which enhanced the flavor. They were simple nachos and I think that's what allowed the flavors to really stand out. Most nachos are usually piled with heaps of cheese, sour cream, meats, etc. With so much food everything gets lost and some ingredients mask each other, but every ingredient in this dish was tasted and savored. 
Entrees 
My friend ordered from the Hickory Smoked Barbecue section of the menu. All entrees there are served with 3 bbq sauces: Kansas City (ketchup based), No. Carolina (vinegar based) and So. Carolina (mustard based). He ordered the "Sampler" which allows you to choose two or three meats and two sides for only $17. He picked pork ribs and pulled pork as his meats and chose collard greens and mac and cheese as his sides. 
I opted for the "North Carolina-style BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich" topped with spicy vinegar barbecue sauce and coleslaw which was $10. It came with one side so I also chose mac n cheese and added a side of collard greens for $4. I can honestly say that I never felt such a rush of emotions from biting into a sandwich. My friend and I pretty much ate in silence. We were so amazed by the food that when there was a second or two that food was not in our mouths we were too breath-taken to talk anyway. We just looked at each other with big bright eyes and exchanged nods of approval. I was impressed with the culinary skill and the passion that went into making this food. Not only that, but the service was above and beyond. My friend and I never had an empty water glass or empty dishes on the table; our waitress was there taking care of our every need. 
I have to admit that I will be taking another trip down to Philly solely for Khyber Pass Pub. I have never had nachos and collard greens so good anywhere else so I am sure those two will be repeat dishes.I. love. this. place. 
I can't put a finger on the exact reason why...but maybe that's why it's so great. There isn't just one thing that makes Khyber Pass a great place to go to. 
Saturday was gorgeous and we set out to try new places and get our day drink on. We landed at Khyber's and were immediately greeted with a surprisingly crowded but friendly atmosphere. The beer list is extensive and exciting if you are in to the beer scene. Lots of new things for me to try and the sudden surprise that...OH MY DEAR LORD THEY HAVE PO BOYS, and lots of them! I got the cat fish po boy with a side of collard greens and the mac and cheese. Heaven. Seriously. What is better than an afternoon of funky beers over fried fish and mac with your friends.
Nothing. :)This place has pretty great food and a fun atmosphere. Their BBQ is delish, really tender and a great smokey flavor. I am sometimes skeptical to try places that claim to have good southern fare, being from the south, when most fall very short of great southern dishes. However, I was pleasantly surprise at the quality of the food. The Mac and cheese is super good and worth ordering. The hush puppies were only okay, not the best I have ever had, but the pepper jelly served with them was dynamite. My friends got the burger and said it was very juicy and a solid hamburger. We also tried the boudin balls and loved them! Would definitely be back!Easy to overlook beer bar in historic downtown Philly catty-corner to Eulogy Belgian tavern. Khyber Pass I believe just has a small sign out front that says "Khyber." Inside is more of a local hangout with a long, easy to navigate bar with an adjoining room with tables. Very dark ambiance. English Pub decor with an extensive American craft beer list with lots of specialties showing up. Last time I was here they had a Ballast Point tap takeover with special one-offs. Typical tap list seems to be more impressive than Eulogy, so is my first stop for beer bars in the historic area. I haven't eaten here though. From their website, they upload a daily screenshot of their tap list, which is pretty great.Dining Partner and I came to Khyber on a Friday around 7pm. I was here once before for breakfast and really enjoyed the food. They don't take reservations so we were grateful to be seated when we arrived. By the time we got our food, most of the tables were occupied.
The menu noted that the fried chicken could take up to 20 minutes. I figured it was going to be good and would be worth the wait. Good news, it arrived to the table in much less than 20 minutes.  Unfortunately, it was just OK. The skin was crispy, but it was lacking serious flavor. I had a double dose of potatoes as my side, mashed potatoes and fries. Dining Partner had a meat sample, brisket and ribs with a side of mac and cheese and onion rings. We were both generally satisfied by our meals, but no foodgasms were had. Heads up, I also ordered a diet coke, what I was served wasn't even close to coke. Had I known it was off-brand I would have stuck with water. I will come back in the future, but I'll stick to the cajun cuisine they do best.Awesome mac and cheese omg!As most of my friends know, I usually only try a new place when I either get a recommendation from a friend or a read about it whether Yelp or other places. So it's not too often that I am reminded of the glorious experience one can have when seeing a random place, just walking in and having no idea what to expect.
I was going to a meeting in old city and I had some time to kill. The street that this bar is located on is packed with lots and lots of other bars and eateries, but for some reason, this place appealed to me. I think it was the name, as I am interested in Middle Eastern/Western Asian food and history. When I entered I saw that the name had absolutely nothing to with the place. They serve soul food - southern style food, and they have a ton of craft beers on tap. I've never been to a soul food place with such a selection of craft brews, nor have  I been to bar with tons of good beer options that served soul food. As I was killing time and not hungry, I did not order anything to eat, but decided to have a beer - an Alagash that was tasty. The beer hit me and I looked around and saw a decent Scotch selection and decided to treat myself to a Laphroig which was fairly inexpensive when considering the happy hour discount. There was also a great happy hour discount on the beer.
The bartender was super helpful and attentive and there was a nice group of people there. I would totally hang out at this bar, and they have a whole table area which I imagine would be great for dining. I'm definitely looking forward to returning and trying the food as I saw a few plates come out that looked and smelled delicious!I love the Pass. They excel in two of my favorite areas - Cajun food and beer. 
Didn't want a beer this time but I needed the food as part of my day's celebration.
A movie at the Bourse (mesmerizing and highly recommended documentary called The Wolfpack) brought myself and my lady to celebrate Father's Day lunch at the Khyper.
The last time I was there I had the delicious bacon popcorn as an appetizer and a sampler plate of amazing barbecue.  Top Notch. No wonder the Inky's CLaBan LOVES it. 
This time we choose to start with the house gumbo. Unfreaking believable! As good as any gumbo I've had in my many trips to New Orleans. The andouille sausage is flown in from there. The roux is perfect. Worth just going there JUST for the gumbo.
She had a house salad for lunch and loved it. I ordered the fried shrimp po boy and it was great. Almost as good as Cajun Kate's which is my favorite kitchen in our area because the owner spent years working at several of New Orleans finest spots and moved back to the area after Katrina to open the best Cajun cooking you can get in the tri- state area.
I picked the home made onion rings as my side - delicious.
She had the house Chardonnay and I had a nice Whiskey drink. 
Service was ok - kitchen was slow but I'll give them a pass as it was busy and we made the movie with time to spare. 
Two thumbs up - way upThe vegan mashed potatoes at the Khyber have made my list of BEST THINGS I HAVE EVER EATEN. Seriously. Don't let the vegan scare you away, non-vegans. I'm telling you, these mashed potatoes are beyond legit. I used to say my Mom made the best mashed potatoes around, but not any more. Sorry, Mom! You had a good run. I'm also a huge fan of the vegan pulled "pork" sandwich. It's a hit.I ate here for dinner during happy hour so I was able to take advantage of the -2$ off of most beers. The beer selection itself is better than most bars so don't worry about not being able to find something you like. 
For my meal, I had the North Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich which was very good especially because the bun was buttered and had herbs on it! For my side, I listened to my fellow yelpers when they say this place makes good mac & cheese and yelp never fails to impress me. It's YUMM YUMM!This place has been a favorite of my Philly friends for years and now having visited myself I can see why.  While the beer selection is not quite as fly as Eulogy across the street, the Khyber has a lot of excellent American choices on tap.  And amazingly, those choices ran the gamut of white beers, fruity beers, barley wines and stouts with only a couple of them being loaded up with hops.  The current trend for everything on tap to be either super hopped up or a pale ale does not apply here.  Lots of very interesting stuff to try, such as a watermelon flavored beer.  There is also quite a wide bottled selection, but with at least 30 choices on tap I didn't even have to go to the bottle menu.  
Servers are friendly and refreshingly free of "attitude".  We had no problem snagging a table for 2 on a nice Saturday evening, or getting served in a timely manner.  Big plus over Eulogy where the service is not quite as fast or friendly.
The food menu is heavy on stuff like hot sausage, bbq and soul food, with a few vegan options.  It was OK but I wish there was more of the standard bar food like, for instance, boring ol' french fries (they did have nachos).  
Overall, a cool place to have a beer.  I will be back.Food is average..no.. Below..changed my mind.
Really.. I did not find anything decent and good to digest. I should have gone to subway instead.!Don't let its appearance fool you, Khyber Pass Pub has the potential to be a five-star  restaurant and high end bar.  I mean, trust me and just walk in to get a look at the beer menu... that should lock you in for at least a drink! And after a few - I mean really, who has just one? - you'll probably be hungry and ready for a bite.  Their southern style comfort food will fill your belly with goodness and won't conflict with what you've already imbibed. I personally favor their Fried Green Tomato BLT and always pair it with their awesome mac and cheese.Long ass wait, an hour to be exact, BUT totally freakin worth it!!!! Awesome bbq, maybe best in the city. Plus they hooked us up with a round of free beers for the long wait. Highly recommend!!! Just maybe not on Friday night lol.Best pulled pork in Philly and fantastic Mac & cheese. Service at the bar is much quicker compared to seating area. Good beer list.I keep forgetting to Yelp this place, and it's one of my faves when I'm in town for work.  My veg and non-veg friends and I made the trek over here to get a beer and dinner one night when we were all in town, and we immediately loved the dive-y kitschy interior and super friendly staff.  The server made some really great beverage recommendations based on our likes, and we started off with some fried green tomatoes - crunchy, and served with a really tangy and delicious remoulade.  
We had the vegan pulled pork sandwich, a po boy, and some other veg sandwich, along with some sides.  Everything was really, really fresh and full of flavor.  Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.Awesome beer selection. friendly and helpful service. warm ambience. dark upon entering but, once your eyes adjust it's pretty coolGot into Philly late and needed a late dinner.  This place totally hit the spot!  Great selection of beers and their BBQ menu is great.  The BBQ items are legit - I thoroughly enjoyed my ribs and chicken which were BBQed to perfection.Went around 1130pm saturday and found a seat right away.  Bar area was pretty packed.
Beer list was really good and reasonably priced.  Get a good belgian quad for $5.50.  Ordered the smoked cheddar fries with debris gravy (gravy with roast beef)... Amazing!
Look forward to returning and working through the rest of the menu.How have I never visited Khyber Pass before?  This place is freaking awesome.
Why is it freaking awesome?  It has a casual atmosphere, great food, great beer options, and (at least from my visit) great service.  And they serve a pretty rockin version of my favorite food- mac n cheese.  And it is in the family of my two other favorites in the city- Cantina and Royal Tavern.
We visited for Philly Beer Week early on a Friday evening.  They had a happy hour going on, so I was able to get a draft for pretty cheap.  Speaking of their beers, they have an amazing selection of beers, including Abita, which is one of my favorite breweries.
For food, I was extremely pumped about the cajun menu with a vegan/veg twist.  My husband and I ordered some fried green tomatoes and a muffaletta sandwich with a side of mac n cheese to share.  The fried green tomatoes were awesome although I wished they had given some more of the yummy remoulade sauce on the side.  I love muffalettas (it's a sandwich made of a variety of meats, melted swiss cheese and topped with an olive salad) and this one.  Plus it's HUGE and for the price ($10), its a great deal.  And the mac n cheese... this stuff is slap-yo-mama good.  OMG.
Now onto the service.  Well... we asked to have the muffaletta on two plates since we were sharing.  When our meal came out, I noticed that they split the sandwich but also gave us EACH an entire serving of the mac n cheese!  Score!  See, it's the little things that you do for your customers that will keep them coming back.
Go to Khyber Pass and make sure to get that amazing mac n cheese!I"m a vegetarian, which means that any place that can simulate meat foods without actually being meat immediately gets 4 stars.  The vegan pulled "pork" was phenomenal!  I ordered the greens as my side, which made me nostalgic for the south (minus all of the defunct/antiquated moral codes).  The bar has a great selection of drafts, too.  One from my hometown Erie, PA in fact!
The only downside that my friends and I experienced was the service.  One of the servers was very rude.  When we complained about the time it took for our beers to arrive, she side stepped the apology and made a sarcastic remark about the bartender.  We were very disappointed with her, and most of us at the table who had been servers couldn't imagine ever acting like she did.  The male busboy and/or server seemed very apologetic and he was very friendly.  But, if  you do get the server to who I am referring, I apologize.  Just savor your vegan pulled pork, your draft that takes 45 minutes to arrive, and get the hell out!Great dive bar in Olde City when you need to get away from the "trendy" spots in the neighborhood.  The food is good (except the nachos) and there's a wide array of reasonably priced beer.  It has a really great pub feel which is hard to find in the city and is always packed on a Friday or Saturday night.Grub so very good
Beer menu so very big
I dream of beignetsKhyber Pass is wonderful. Lets just get the popcorn out of the way first- bacon grease popcorn- as bad as it sounds- you know you want to try it. I couldn't recommend it enough.
A friend of mine suggested I go to this bar after a dinner at Farmicia and I'm glad I took his advice.
The people here, for the most part were very friendly and talkative. There were a few loud drunks as well, but that's to be expected. I was just surprised how few of them there were.
The bartenders were great, extremely friendly, approachable, knowledgeable and helpful. I can't say enough good things about our experience with the bartenders, they suggested beers for us, let us try them, and made sure we had full glasses (whether they were water OR beer) the entire night. If you like beer, this is the place for you. Lots of different choices whether on draft, bottled or cask!
I will definitely be going back often.Look, the nachos with vegan pork are incredible. They're really, really good. If you come for just the nachos, you'll be fine.
But when I ask for the remaining half of my sandwich and fries (big, friendly portions!) to go, I really, really, really don't want to open my box up at home to discover that you tossed out all my fries. That's my midnight snack you just screwed up. Thanks, Khyber. Jerks.We've been here a couple times over the last year. It's essentially very good bar food/southern food. The beer selection is pretty solid and the specials list for food is endless. Both times we have come we have gotten a platter and a sandwich of some kind. The brisket sandwich is solid and generous proportions. The fried chicken platter is good but a measly amount for the price. All the sides are extremely good and 'cup of soup size'. The Mac n cheese, collard greens, and vegan cole slaw are our favs. This last time we went with two vegetarians and they were able to find sufficient vegan/veggie friendly options on the menu. Atmosphere is divey which is super fun. For the price and quality I would go on occasion.Okay so yes the inside of this place is dark but daaaaamn those po boy sandwiches. Legit best I've had anyplace outside of New Orleans. Fresh roll, fresh lettuce, so many fried shrimp on it they legit jump out of the sandwich. Bacon popcorn is on point but it is spicy, which is probably on purpose so you don't literally inhale it by the handful. They do the frozen mint Julip thing which I personally don't understand. They have a really good beer list, which you obvi pay for and is reflected in beer prices. The only negative thing I would say is skip the BBQ on the menu. I know it's like a chunk of the menu but do yourself a favor and stick to the po boys. You won't have any regrets, except if you offer to split one. Bc after one bite you'd wish you had the whole sandwich to yourself.I was visiting Philly last weekend to see some friends and to go to a show at the Electric Factory. We started drinking pretty early in the evening (as soon as we got to Philly and walked through the door of the apartment we were crashing at, I was handed a beer) so we worked up a pretty good appetite by the time the show ended. 
There was a good crowd brewing for 11 PM on a Saturday. We got a table in the other room which made it nicer for conversation but we didn't feel isolated from the bar. The menu, even as I am refreshing my memory now, looked fantastic. Just what I wanted to inhale on a night like that. 
I ordered the Fried Green Tomato BLT. I must not have read the description of the dish so the hotness of the tabasco peppers caught me off guard. I have a very low tolerance to spicy foods so that made it a little difficult to finish but it was too damn good to put down. I had a side of fries that were also cooked to perfection.
My vegan friend got the Vegan Pulled Pork, which she also inhaled. 
Staff was friendly, attentive, and quick. I'll definitely be going back!Khyber Pass is an old standby, and it never lets me down. Their po'boys are just so *solid*. Reliable. Like an old friend. I always know I have a pint of Kenzinger and a half 'n' half po'boy waiting for me. Or, I could get a muffuletta (hot or cold) and rest assured that I have a meal that will last me a couple of days. Seriously, those things are ginormous.
I remember I came here a couple of years ago to watch the Kentucky Derby and I spent many hours and several dollars drinking mint juleps and eating bacon-grease popcorn. Seriously, both of those things are really good. If you're ever looking for a kind-of southern themed (but not really, and in any case, it's not Kentucky southern) pub to go to for the Kentucky Derby, I'd highly suggest Khyber Pass.
I'm not really sure what that means for this place. I have a lot of memories here, but I'm not sure whether it's because Khyber Pass is truly memorable or just because I've been coming here for so long. I guess that's what makes it an old standby, you know?
Anyway, enough of my eulogy. Just go to Khyber Pass and get some nachos or something, okay?Funky, fun, flavorful.  Great beer list.  I had the bacon grease popcorn, which is just awesomely finger-licking good.  Speaking of finger-licking, I also had the fried chicken with collard greens and smoked cheddar fries....SO GOOD! Will return.My favorite bar in Olde City..might even be my favorite bar in Philly! Amazing craft beers and even better Mac & Cheese! The staff are friendly and attentive. I've worked in a couple of soul food restaurants in Philadelphia and their Mac and cheese is probably the best I've ever tasted. They also have a sandwich called the Fried Chicken Po Boy which is really good and comes with your choice of Mac on the side. Highly recommended if you're in Olde City.We love this place!  $5 rasberry julips that knock you on your @$$!  Who does't love that.  The gumbo is great, poboys are tasty, and the wait staff is super friendly.  This is clearly my favorite place to get liquered up.  The name is deceiving...they actually specialize in cajun cooking and it is very good.  I like their gumbo better than most places in New Orleans.  Jamie approved!Miss the old Khyber however having food later than seven and a full menu is great and going to be awesome.  I just dined there last night.  They only have an introductory menu but they are willing to serve what they have anyway.  I only wanted some fried shrimp and macaroni and cheese and Eric the bartender made that happen.  The macaroni and cheese was fantastic and could be shared the side is large.  My husband had a North Carolina Brisket sandwich with fries and really enjoyed it.  He believed he could bring his friends from the south here to try the brisket.  The fries were quite tasty too.  The beer specials are good however no longer $1 domestics for happy hour, but a $1.50.  However they have doubled their draft selection and increased their bottle selection as  well.  The only beer missing I think is Miller High Life, however I am not sure there are many people missing that.  The staff is extremely helpful with the beer selections, and the menu.Epic beer list? Check.
Dimly lit interior perfect for intimate get-together (OR to disguise your face as you chomp through bags of bacon popcorn?) Check.
Friendly servers that not only know all about their food and beers BUT are able to deal with the most obnoxious of drunk patrons? Double check.
Nachos, arguably some of the top ones in Philly, piled high with pork? I would check this one, but I'm too busy stuffing my mouth with more cheesy, spicy goodness.
Khyber Pass seems to have it all. Having enjoyed the food and the drink on a number of occasions, I'm struggling to find one REAL thing wrong with this Old City establishment. The clientele tends to be hit or miss, either flooded with overflow from more typical "OC" bars OR loaded with hop-heads there for a killer beer event. I tend to prefer the latter, but the bartenders are more than able to handle the former, making it comfortable for the rest of us. Sometimes the bar gets a little crowded, they really jam the seats in there, but I REALLY enjoy those rare occasions when I'm seated at a REAL table. 
Bathrooms aren't my favorite, sometimes a little cold and a pinch dirty, but with the dark interior, generally you don't notice it too much. Just suck it up, get another beer, and order the nachos. They'll help you forget any of your troubles.The only thing that I do not like about this place is that it is not closer to my house.  I ordered the half chicken, fries, and a biscuit.  All three were delicious.  The chicken was the best part of the meal.  Our waitress very friendly and attentive.  She even tolerated my mumbling.  I am looking forward to my next visit to chicken heaven.Weird tasting food, and a waitress who acted like she really didn't want to be there. Sassafras was much better in my opinionI was here for brunch and had a great experience. We ordered the beignets, which were perfect! My hash was pretty good as well. However, I wasn't warned that the food was going to be spicy and had a hard time finishing my meal. So, be warned about spice levels but otherwise this is a great spot.Whoops, sorry for the old/bad review. Best bar/restaurant in Old City period. Can you say "Vegan Fried Chicken & Coleslaw?"Fantastic food options that are interesting but the menu doesn't alienate picky eaters either, excellent beer list and also a great place for brunch.The newly remodeled Khyber Pass Pub is on all y'alls hot list right now. My twitter feed is constantly blowing up with people meeting up and checking in at KPP and I can see why. With an extensive beer list in addition to their rotating specials and a uniquely vegetarian friendly down home Southern-ish menu they've got something for everyone, including MEEEEEE. On Friday night I went for the vegan fried chicken po' boy, which consisted of a large roll filled with what I believe to be breaded seitan chunks (the "fried chicken"), what I believe to have been vegan mayo, some other spread (perhaps a mustardy remoulade), lettuce, tomato and pickle slices which added a tangy, vinegary crispness to the sandwich. A crucial element. They also have pear cider (and regular ol' hard cider) available in the bottle, which is nice for me since I'm not always interested in drinking actual beer, but want something other than my stand-by diet soda. 
Elizabeth B. and I are known to split the always PIPING HOT fried green tomato appetizer here, which comes with the same mustardy remoulade found on the po' boy. 
It's a good vibe in here, but be careful when you close the door on the bathroom that's NOT in the corner because sometimes trashy women will walk in literally three seconds after you walk in and then berate you to their trash friends at the bar like two feet from the door "people here need to learn how to lock their doors." Okay, the vibe here is good other than the wayward tumbleweed of garbage that blows in not knowing that it's a place for cool, decent people. The service is solid, the bar keeps keep their bar well, and the food is off the chains. Keep it up, KPP.We ended up at Khyber Pass because Eulogy had an hour wait - I'm so glad we did!  We waited 25 minutes (not bad for a Friday night at 8:00), and while the actual length of the wait wasn't bad, the waiting situation is a bit challenging.  The bar area is pretty small, and the only place to wait is sandwiched between the door and the area of the bar where the waiters grab their orders so you're constantly in the way.  That said, the waiters were never impatient with us for being in the way so it was all good. 
Once seated, the atmosphere totally changes - the seating area is spacious and really nice.  I had the Pulled Pork sandwich with mac and cheese - absolutely amazing.  The Pulled Pork had a delicious vinegary barbecue sauce, and was topped with coleslaw and a buttery, toasted bun - simple, but perfect.  As practically all the other reviews note, the mac and cheese is amazing.  It's baked and has a great layer of crunch on top.  It's served very, very hot (it was still warm at the end of our meal, 30 minutes later) so the cheese stays gooey and delicious and you can take your time eating it.  We shared a slice of pecan pie for dessert, which was also heavenly.  To top of the seriously delicious food, our waitress was incredibly nice and attentive, and didn't rush us at all.  I'll definitely be back!Great little place to grab some great food, drinks and a chill atmosphere. Yes there are some amazing vegan choices also. Try the amazing Mac n cheese and the peanut butter bomb!I've been to Khyber many times for beer events. The draft list here is in my top 20 of Philly. They always have a wide variety of rare craft beers, from barrel aged stouts, to sours. So the beer list alone keeps me coming back.  I also love the atmosphere here, its very chill, dark, relaxed pub. Never too crowded, always just right. Bartenders are cool, and the waitresses are skilled at dealing with drunk Old city people. 
However, I am finally giving Khyber a full 5-star review, because I came last week and ate a full meal here. Usually I just come for beers and a sandwich, or appetizer. But last Saturday, we landed a table in Khyber when everywhere else was too packed. We got lots of good 'ol southern-style food. Comfort food at its best!  Pulled Pork sandwich with slaw, amazing!  Cheese fries with gravy!? Yessss delicious.  Mashed potatoes and fried green tomato sandwich?  Yes!  Fried Chicken, mac-n-cheese, baked beans!? YES!  Everything was delicious, and just perfect to quench our hungry southern food cravings. 
I love Khyber. Mostly for the beer, but the food is also top notch, service is great, atmosphere is chill. Its one of my favorite pubs in Old City!I think at this point, I've had nearly everything on their menu. First and foremost, it's one of the best beer lists in the city, and the atmosphere can't be beat (unless you need very bright rooms). The place used to (and perhaps still does) host concerts, and it has a small, indie hall kind of feel. 
Sides can be hit-or-miss, but most of the main entrees are delicious. I would specifically recommend one of their po boys, or else the BBQ meat, all of which is top notch. The fried chicken is delicious, but it left me wanting more.
For sides, I enjoy the fries (both sweet potato and cheddar bacon), as well as the mac n' cheese. When I feel like being a little healthier, I'll go for the collard greens, although that's a rarity. The fried okra is pretty good too. As far as appetizers go, I'd highly recommend the fried green tomatoes or nachos.Yes, a thousand times YES. 
As an app I had vegan pulled pork nachos.. They were tastyy. For my main meal I had the vegan fried chicken and the collard greens. The collard greens were my favorite part... they were hot and flavored perfectly, nothing was too salty.. I highly recommend this place!Stopped in for brunch a couple times since my initial review.  While I stand by my review of the food - southern infused comfort food with plenty of vegan/vegetarian options - I am knocking off at least a star for the terrible service.  Both of my recent visits had poor service start to finish.  We waited for over 10 minutes to even get menus and at the end of our meal we waited for 20+ minutes for a check.  Add begging for drink refills of other wait staff in between and the service (or lack thereof) really killed the entire experience. Also, be careful if you are a veggie - my order came with regular bacon instead of seitan bacon which I thankfully caught.  We will most likely think twice before returning.Had Fried Shrip Po Boy that was good, french fries were very good. Great selection of micro brews. Had Russian Imperial Stout and Sly Fox Odyssey Imperial IPA. Both were excellent. Seemed a bit under staffed, but friendly enough.Amazing selection of beers served in a proper glass (pint, tulip, etc.) to maximize your enjoyment.  These paired nicely with the addictive bacon grease popcorn from a brown paper bag.  I heard this bar used to be a punk rock club, and it's retained a bit of that character in the best way.     
Good beers and food without pretense; a must visit for Philadelphia food tours.This might be one of the very few places that I wouldn't mind going in the olde city area. Among so many "bars" and eateries, I love the fact that khyber comes with a decent bar space paired with a very friendly bartender and amazing beer/drink choices. I was astonished to find out that they had hitachino's by draft! That alone is a pure gem in my opinion. 
The shrimp sandwich was delicious beyond words and the big ass biscuit(yes, it's an actual name on the menu) served with gravy is the perfect late night bite when the drunkness takes over your body. 
Needless to say, I will be frequenting this bar very much and so should you!We went here for brunch. It was okay. I tried the beignets, praline bacon and pancakes. The beignets were good but really would have benefited from a sauce. The praline bacon was very soggy. The pancakes were completely rubbery...I had to use a knife to cut them and they were hard to chew. I tried a bite of my friends French toast which was delicious, wish I would have ordered that! The service was pretty good, the waitress ended up comping the pancakes even though I didn't ask so that was nice.I just recently moved to Old City, and Khyber was always on the radar.  I eventually made it in, and now I go there on the regular when I'm hungry or thirsty.  
The staff is friendly, and service is swift.  
Food wise, the bacon grease popcorn is something I get most every time I go.  It's damn delicious, and I crave it when I haven't had it in a bit.  The po' boys are delicious.  I've had most varieties, and every one was better than its predecessor.  Their debris (gravy) is a must try.  The fried okra is delicious as well.
Hm.  I think I'm going to Khyber later.i'm pretty impressed by the food here.  being a vegan in new orleans pretty much sucks, save for french fry po-boys.  at the khyber we got the vegan buttered popcorn, vegan gumbo, vegan pulled pork sandwich, vegan fried chicken po-boy, sweet potato fries, and collard greens.  everything was really great except for the pulled pork sandwich, which was just good, i'd say--a little too vinegar-y.
great atmosphere, great food, great beer selection.  definitely go!  a serious gem in the heart of slimy old city.Imagine yourself trekking along the Silk Road, making your way through the snowy mountains of the Hindu Kush. Ahead of you is the Khyber pass that will allow you to make your way toward Pakistan and beyond. You are exhausted as the snow begins to fall harder, obscuring your view. In the distance you catch a glimpse of light shining through the blizzard. Tired of your camel jerky, you follow the delicious aromas of hot food. Inexplicably, it is some sort of restaurant, and this wondrous pub serves American Creole food, whatever that is. 
The beer list is extensive and reasonably-priced. The onion rings are amazing, so thin and perfectly crispy. The mac and cheese has a deliciously baked crust, and the burger and po' boys are quite tasty. And who can argue with a pub serving 3 kinds of barbeque sauce? The ribs and brisket were rather well-received, but the pulled pork didn't seem as enjoyable. The bacon grease popcorn tasted good, but it was extremely greasy. Like, literally dripping with grease. If you are keen on trying it, you'll probably want to share with quite a few people to avoid dying of heart disease on the rest of your journey. You probably already have dysentery and hypothermia to worry about.The pulled pork was great (really, the BBQ sauces were Mmmm).  The service was a little sub-par, though.  We had to wait for a bit on multiple occasions to get our server's attention for things like another drink or silverware.Boy, they keep the lighting low!  Takes a while for your eyes to adjust from the bright sunshine outside.  Nice beer selection.  Pimm's Cup was a nice treat for the summer, but where was the mint??  Shared BBQ was a perfect lunch option for us - several sides to choose from, including yummy mac & cheese.  Would've rated higher if there'd only been even a small sprig of mint!This creole/southern place is great.  The mac n cheese was some of the best I've had in the city--it tasted sharp and flavorful and was creamy with a breadcrumb sprinkling on the top. The pulled bork (vinegar based sauce. authentic and delish) was also a stand out on some sort of heavenly brioch-ish roll. 
But, most importantly: BACON GREASE POPCORN!!! It is smoky and has cajun seasoning for a little heat as well. Yes, it is unhealthy.... But just go for it and don't look back (and use one of the wet-naps they put on your table for bbq orders to deglaze your hands). Pure heaven. I will be back just for this and drinks. 
Don't come here expecting something light to eat (though my spinach salad was good) but do expect great food and a good tap list.Good selection of beers on hand. Great atmosphere, and the service was good. The food was very tasty. There green fried tomatoes where delicious!Service by Leslie was good on a Wednesday evening, competent and attentive. My Bullfrog Old Gold Kriek was a bit bizarre - never had a kriek before, pink sweet-sour slightly fizzy and a little alarming - but after a couple of sips, I enjoyed the heck out of it. Except pink. Never got used to the pink drink in a tulip glass. The menu warned me about the tulip glass. Screamed frou-frou, and I don't do frou-frou. Should have ordered it in a dirty tulip glass. That would have been less frou-frou.
The gumbo wasn't so great, to me. I spent about a year in New Orleans on an expense account. I didn't grow up there, so my only benchmark is restaurant gumbo. Had a lot of gumbo I loved, some I didn't. Khyber's gumbo doesn't taste like any gumbo I've had, and it falls into the "I didn't" on the like scale for me. Some reviewers say it's authentic and delicious, so maybe their mammas made gumbo like this. You, dear reader, are just going to have to decide for yourself.
It was a little expensive, though the (yummy) frou-frou beer was a good part of my bill. Can't tell you go there, but won't tell you to stay away. (But try the kriek. Ask for it in something besides a tulip glass.)