amazing food. both fish dishes i got were amazing. the plantains were excellent as well. however, the service............ was quite frustrating. but the food made it worth itI had a great experience at this restaurant. I haven't had West African food but am now a fan. The lamb, chicken, and fish were all delicious. If you are feeling adventurous, definitely try this place.Friendly, authentic, hot and spicy. We have started with the roasted plantain as an apetizer (YAY), ginger juice, and we had a Yassa fish/chicken as a main dish. Meals are delicious, geneorous, priced reasonably. Wish we could have tasted the whole menu!!!This past Saturday was the first time I had eaten at this place. I have been wanting to eat here for a long time because I've heard so many good things about the food. Well..... the food was delicious!! There was a 15-25 min wait but it was  well worth it. My bill only came to $32.00 and that was  with 2 meals (for me and my mommy) , a side order of plantains, and 2 drinks. We both can't wait to go again!I didn't try many african places but certainly had better, and more value, experience than this. Tried almost everything on the dinner menu. Food taste was OK, not bad at all but nothing extraordinary except for the portion size which was massive. The ginger drink,more like ginger smoothie, everyone talked about did not appeal much to me and wish it had slightly less ginger in it. Service is not that good either as we are served in chipped plates by careless waitress. Overall, would I recommend this place to any one else? Not sure, but if you do decide to go here, don't get your hopes too high.Food is excellent, and very cheap for the quality and quantity! And, the waitress was the politest, sweetest one ever. As the other reviewer had said, the Yassa fish is phenomenal. Be careful, meals are really big. Share!One of my absolute favorite places in University City, and one of the only few places that serve whole fish (at an amazing price too!) yes, the service may be slow sometimes but they're really nice about it, and the food just keeps drawing me back here. 
It is a BYO and conveniently located next to a liquor store, so do take advantage of that! The half a dozen times I've been here, I almost exclusively order the grilled tilapia, which comes with a side (I'd recommend the plantains or the vegetables for a lighter touch). The portions are HUGE (even for the sides), and the fish comes delightfully crisped up with a fresh spicy salsa-like topping. 
A definite gem in University City and so far, I haven't found anywhere else that surpasses it's grilled tilapia.Fair price and good food. Fresh water fish is not tasted good, but I love lamb and chicken, sweet potato fries is the best. But they don't like credit card, they like cash.Love this place!! So Delicious! Came with four friends so I was able to try multiple dishes. The fish was my favorite, followed by the lamb. The service is a little slow but the food is worth the wait.Disgusted with their take out service. Apparently, if you order something that is sold out, no attempt is made to notify you that it is out. As a result, you come to pick your food excited to finally try African food for the first time along with all the co-workers you convince to buy in and give it a try as well but you leave with nothing at all because nothing remotely popular is still available. What? no Yassa of any sort, no lamb of any sort, not even simple curry? Really? Are they even well equipped to handle lunch service? Why bother picking up the phone at that point if inventory is so low?First can you say amazing? No you can't because the food is in your mouth and feel like this is heaven I've finally made it. The seasoning is on point or pot much not to little. It's juicy and rarest and all a round great. The fiber drink has now become my favorite and I'll be on a search in Cali for it. Its not too sweet and not too spicy. The couscous reminds me of achake (hope o spelled it right) but I think I like this better. Oh and don't get me started on the prices! They're seriously the best I've seen for African food. 
Seriously though the food is THE BEST African food over tasted. This is going to become a staple when I come back to Philly definitely glad I came here during my little trip from Cali. If you're in Philly or just visiting go to this place!!!This review is long over due! I am welcomed like family anytime I walk in! My favorite Senegalese Restaurant! Well ran, delicious food, and friendly, warm service. My favorite dish is the grilled tilapia with sweet plantains, jolof rice, and sweet potato fries. Sorel or ginger juice also delicious! This family ran restaurant will always have a special place in my heart. One of the first places I ate when I moved to Philly in 2005! I will always return!First let me just say this, will never be going back to sit down BUT I might get to go, the food was seasoned well and cooked really well, prices are good and as for the restaurant is Oktl;dr - food is AMAZING. Good portion sizes and fantastic flavors. A definite must try. Service is subpar and makes eating here a painful experience, and expect to spend over an hour and a half here to order and eat. BYOB, Cash only. 
The food here is excellent. The half chicken is really delicious, and the fish is awesome (though hard to eat with the scales). I would choose these over the lamb or the shrimp. I personally think the fried rice is great, and the sweet potato fries are the best ones I've ever had. A lot of flavors I'm not used to, and I really love them! The onions are AMAZING. Prices have risen since my last visit, but still reasonable for the amount of food, which is a lot. 
However, service is where Kilimandjaro loses. The woman who works at the front kinda waves you off, and it takes a long time for her to fill up your drinks (or really even bring you drinks) - you have to go up every time you need something; don't expect her to come over and check in on you. The food also takes really, really long. Like 30-50 minutes for your food to arrive after ordering, but it also takes like 20 minutes to even get your order down. So be aggressive about ordering. 
One time, the restaurant got sooo smoky that my eyes couldn't stop watering. It was literal hell. 
However, it's hard to come prepared to order fast. It seems like, at any given time, 75% of their menu isn't available. Really disappointing, especially since it's really an investment of time for me to come over here. It's also cash only, so be prepared.This place is a hidden gem. I had my doubts. The ginger yaye and goye were so good (beverages). The shopping center, the actual restaurant looked underwhelming. The customer service is not best. The menu doesn't have a ton of options but i an tell you that every dish i saw come out looked and smelled amazing. when our food came out it was delicious and portions were big. we stuffed ourselves and got to go boxes. they only accept cash, no cards. There is a ATM in the convenience store next door. I've been wanting to go back ever since the last time i went eve just to get the ginger beverages. i recommend eating here if you want to get off the beaten path and try something different.Kilimandjaro is a bit of a hole in the wall, but the decor is very nice inside.
I believe it is Senegalese cuisine, and the flavors are awesome.
Start with ginger juice or the other fruit juice - very addicting.
Must try the meat patty appetizer, whole fish, and the lamb chops. Plantains are delicious as a side.
Don't be afraid to try this place! A true hidden gem in University City.Oh. My. God. I have never had fried fish this good. The sautéed onions they put on top of it is he best part. It taste like the onion sauce has lime or vinegar in it. And the ginger juice is a must! The broken rice side completes my meal.The waitress messed up our order.  There were some flies in the restaurant.  Service wasn't great.  But, the food is absolutely delicious, so I don't care.
Definitely not for a light meal: beef patties, fried whole fish, lamb dishes are all great.  Great BYOB.The most delicious tilapia you'll ever have in your life! Every time I bring a friend who's never been here before, their mind gets blown by the tilapia. The fried rice and fried plantains are also awesome. Staff is friendly and it's a cozy restaurant. And it's super reasonable. I always leave super satisfied when I leave. It's one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!This food is off the hook! Which means its ridiculously delicious!  I go there at least once a month. They have great things on the menu and the food is savory and full of flavor. I enjoy a ginger juice with every meal and love trying the different foods my favorite is the fried fish and grilled dinner meals with red rice. 
The only issue is its a small place so make sure you call ahead of time for party over 6 they rearrange the seating for you.Awesome food, awesome service, tilapia fish is the best and loved the kitchen made ginger juice....best place for first time African foodThis is my favorite place to eat hands down. I live in New York but I can travel 2 hours to get to Philly just for this. If there is one place I recommend for the best food it is this one. I wish I can give it more stars. The best tasting food I ever had is here.
The ginger yaye is like no other. I have never had anything so refreshing and with so much gingery flavor to it. The Yassa chicken was phenomenal and the fish I had is probably what I will always get for the rest of my life.
Very very delicious food.Had a great time at the West African/Senegalese restaurant called Kilimanjaro's... The food has an authentic, exquisite taste of African cuisine and the atmosphere is quaint and spacious, Even though it's located between 44th and 45th and Chestnut in a swanky strip plaza next to a Smoke Shop and a Fine Wine & Spirits store in Philadelphia, But it is a cool oasis, hideaway of epic proportions in terms of food wise, As a ethnic, gourmet "foodie" you'll love this place and the menu contains delicious dishes, Everything from Lamb Shanks to Grilled Fish served with vegetables on a bed of white rice, Brown rice and rice pilaf/couscous, etc... The Menu varies. This spot is exceptionally the place to be to enjoy some tasty West African cuisine with some great Bissap, Ginger, Ginger/Mango juice, etc.. To die for, Indeed!!!! So If your ever in the West Philadelphia area, Then stop on over to Kilimandjaro's!!!So I was very excited to try this place out as it came highly recommended by a friend. I tried to order several items on the menu which I was told were not available.... I kind of had a blank stare because it was around 5 p.m in the afternoon and I began to wonder what the dinner service would look like..... 
After being unsuccessful at picking items directly off the menu I started to use Pictures from Yelp to point out what I wanted to try.... Turns out they didn't have it. I ended up settling on a chicken dish with brown fried rice apparently they did not have the red rice...
I found the food to be rather salty! While I liked the flavor of the rice it was too salty to enjoy. The chicken was a little on the tough side and tasted as though it had been pre-made. The portion size was also off as it was not even the side of a quarter chicken. The meal was not balanced as there were bit no vegetables, a slice of tomato and a slice of cucumber. Also I would have appreciated some gravy.
Well the question is, will I return? I think not. I would not drive from New York City for this, I would rather opt for a local option. I really had wanted to try the red rice but alas something are not meant to be. Also I didn't like that they only had tilapia fish.
A shout out to the lady who took the order, she was very patient and helpful as I navigated through a menu which did not reflect what was truly available. She is the reason for two stars instead of one.I had the fish and it was incredibly flavorful, even though it wasn't fillet the bones were easy to remove. My kids enjoyed the lamb though that portion was waaaay smaller than the fish. I also had the fruit cocktail it was good like a ginger juice topped with strawberry syrup, i'm glad i only ordered one. All in all delicious ..Byob (with liquor store on the same strip of shops!) and the food is so so good. Head -on tilapia and the chicken were favorites with our group of 6. The decor is sort of thrown together, but the great food makes up for it in spades.The food here was great but the bad service, dirty tables, close seating, and extremely loud crowds (both dine-in guests and folks getting take out) makes for a bad restaurant experience.Come for the lamb chops and stay for the incredible fried rice. Don't expect to come here and eat and leave in 30 mins as they like to take their sweet time making your food but it's always worth the wait. This place is also great for takeout since you don't have to wait for them to cook up all the delicious food you're ordering. My favorite dish is the lamb chops over salad while my wife prefers the chicken dibi with couscous. Been here plenty of times with different people and everything that they have ordered has been delicious. These folks do magical things with onions and the spices are incredible. One of the hidden gems of West Philly in a shabby looking strip mall. Cash only.The best fish fry I have ever had in the US. Topped with spicy onions and marinated to perfection, the fried fish is a must try. The restaurant has a very good vibe and the staff are friendly.This is my first time eating at an African restaurant, and the flavors of the incredibly cheap meal I got really blew me away. I should note that this was lunch, so dinner may be pricier (and the menu looked very different). 
+ Chicken and rice dish - $9 -  combination of seasonings and caramelized onions were the dominant flavors and were an incredible complement to the perfectly cooked bone-on chicken and bed of short grain rice. Savory, a tad bit of sweet from the onions, and the scent wafting from the restaurant pretty much said it all. I would really like to know how they achieved that level of flavor and how the onions were cooked, because that really made the dish. 
+ Ginger and mango juice - Also incredible. Probably one of the most ginger-y drinks I've had.
For me, the $9 entree alone was enough for 2 meals. Definitely worth the walk from university area, and I will be back to try their other dishes (including the fish I've read so much about).
Cash only!This place is absolutely amazing! The staff are so kind, courteous, and just overall amazing. Food is priced well. This is a gem in west philly. Sketchy at first, but completely worth it! One suggestion is the Tilapia. Hands down amazing!After reading some great reviews, I finally made it here tonight!  Food was amazing, definitely reminded me of my mother's cooking.  Love that our waitress was so helpful in recommending anything she thought we would love and spoke French with other patrons coming into the restaurant for dinner!  The spicy sauce served with the beef patties is definitely tasty but super spicy!!!!  The patties were delish!  I highly recomend it...definitely expected different, wait was not long at all - we were in and out within an hour and some.I am not very familiar with African food and was not sure what to expect, but this was fantastic! Delicious!  The tilapia was a whole fish perfectly cooked, tasty and crispy. The chicken Senegalese was half a chicken with a great sauce and was just FAB.  The Yassa chicken was cut up chicken in a delicious stew with a slightly spicy onion sauce and was equally great, the swarma was delicious with great filling (although it was a bit strange being in a tortilla shell).
As other reviewer's have stated, the exterior of this place belies what is inside. It doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it is homey and comfortable in rich colors comfortable seats although small. Service was fine, no complaints in contrast to some commenters here - very friendly pleasant and prompt (this isn't fast food!). 
Just to be clear, five stars does not mean this is a five-star restaurant, only that it perfectly delivers on what it promises.  We will definitely be back, and already looking forward!Food is good, have been twice but go only when you have nothing planned afterwards.  Service is sloooooow and often can't accommodate even a dinner for two if they already have a semi-large party.  People are really nice though.I love you Kilimanjaro. You are so chill and unassuming. That's what I admire most about you... And your awesome food too. 
I haven't been to Kilimandjaro in a while. I've been going for a few years now and it never gets old. I've only had their fish dishes. Plantains are perfection and the red sauce over my rice--- mm mm good. It's as good as the Ghanaian food I ate while I was there. Writing this review is making me want some now. Good God Kilimanjaro!!I wish I could give this place five stars, as the fish was seriously ah-mazing. Like so amazing that a friend who usually eats vegetarian decided to try some. 
It came topped with some sautéed onions with the most delicious sauce (not sure sauce is right word here) that paired perfectly with the tilapia. This was the best fish I have ever had. 
The fried rice, on the other hand, was a little disappointing. The veggies reminded me of the $1 frozen mixed veggies in every grocery store and was overly salty. However, there are other sides that you can choose from, so I would recommend something else with the fish! (Can you tell I really liked the fish?) 
It's not the best place for vegetarians, as all entrees were some kind of meat or seafood. The menu isn't large, but the portion sizes were. 
The bad... service was incredibly slow. The place was about half full when we first got there, but we still waited a good 10 minutes for our orders to be taken. It also took nearly 45 more minutes before our food came. It's not so much that we had to wait for the food - good food does take awhile to prepare! - but that they were also constantly churning out delivery orders. 
I will probably come back for the fish.Was really excited to try the lamb Dibi since I usually have to drive to NYC to get it. The restaurant was pretty much empty when we got there,  but the waitress just stood there and looked at us. After I said something about it to my husband loud enough so that she can hear she finally came. She took our orders and when the food came the lamb dibi was mediocre. We still ate the food, but when it was time to pay she told us we can only pay in cash. This was upsetting because there was no signage that stated that they only took cash and we only had credit cards so we have to go next door and get cash from the ATM. It's an OK restaurant, but I definitely won't be visiting again whenever I go to Philly.This place is for real. The food and  service are over the top. The price can't be beat and the portions are large.This is one of my stand byes.GET THE GRILLED TILAPIA and FRIED PLANTAINS. No questions. You won't regret it. Best eating experience I've ever had in university city.Amazing food! The grilled chicken was tender and tasty.  The fish was good, as well.  I would stay away from the lamb, it was fatty and not a lot of meat.  Well priced, too! 
Service was slow, so be prepared.Get the grilled fish, it's amazing! Moist, succulent and spicy tilapia is served with your choice of a side. I had the salad, which was good and simple. The restaurant is located on a strip mall and I was a little skeptical about this but the food was good and the staff were pretty friendly. Try the bissap drink, which is good but a little sweeter than at other places I've tried.Food is AMAZING!!!  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The service on the other hand?  Well, when you ask for a glass of water three times and never receive it and thirty minutes later you're still waiting for an appetizer that'a been ordered but then they suddenly don't have it, it's s a bit disappointing to say the least.Yassa poulet is the best I order it every time and can't get enough. It's on the lunch menu but they will always make it for dinner. Restaurant owners and staff are incredibly kind and care about their food. If you've never tried Senegalese food defiantly give it a try its really likable. Also a convenient byo because it's right next to the liquor store. Favorite restaurant in university city.I live in Kilamandjaro. I've been eating there since 2008 and I haven't stopped. I go there so much the owners can recognize my voice over the phone. I even had my graduation dinner there! 
My favorite dish is the Fish Yassa. It's so good I could eat the seasoned onions by itself. If you want appetizers definitely get the beef patties or plantain. The grilled chicken and Dibi chicken is good too. Great spot for a date night or just hanging out with friends. It's also a BYOB. People of all races enjoy their food & if you try it I can guarantee you'll find something you like.This was my first time at a Senegalese restaurant and I will definitely be back! The food was delicious. I had the sea bass with sauteed veggies. I also got a side of plantains. The fish was seasoned and cooked beautifully. Veggies and plantains were good too. The ambiance is very intimate. We made reservations because the seating is a little tight. The service was friendly. And there is a parking lot in the strip that restaurant is located in. I parked on the street because I wasn't sure...but there were a few spots available in the parking lot. All and all, I will definitely be back! Thank you!!Very good. Not as amazed as the rest of the world is but still good food nonetheless. The tilapia IS actually very tasty. The dibi chicken is also good. 
We had rice side (meh), sautéed green beans (also meh) and plantain (very nice).
I feel like everything could have used one small dash of salt then it would've been perfect. Also, I tend to like saucier dishes so u was kinda sad the dishes weren't in a sauce like usual west African dishes. BUT I will say this was dinner time and the lunch menu was not available - even tho the lunch menu was much more expansive. (Which is a disappointment that there were so many dishes we simply couldn't even try). 
Overall a pretty decent place. My girlfriend loved everything- so maybe I'm just picky.
NEXT TIME: Must try the RED SNAPPER ($18)  - the family beside me was RAVING about it even tho they first had the tilapia first. And honestly it looked incredible.Simply AMAZING! Funny cause as I write this review I'm here in the restaurant waiting for my order! GO TRY IT!!!!!I love this place!!! The food is fantastic! Any time you visit any African restaurant, and it's consistently filled with Africans, then you know you're getting the real deal! Their jellof rice is absolutely stellar! As many west Africans will tell you, bad jellof rice is the absolute pits, so I'm glad Kilimandjaro does it so well. Actually, I expected nothing less since Senegal is the birthplace of this special dish. Everything I've had hear has been delicious. The service here is also very much on point. The staff is always so pleasant, and you get the feeling that they really appreciate you being there. I usually stop by when feel a strong craving for some Nigerian food, and can't make it back home to NY for some home cooking. Kilimandjaro never disappoints! 5 stars!!!Fish, fish, fish! Wish I knew the secret to how they cook it. Good sized portion enough to share between 2 people, comes with a side of salad. Didn't try the lamb but one of our friends had it and it was just Ok. The fried plantains were pretty good as well as the bissap.Came here for the first time a few years ago and had a rice dish that I couldn't care less for. But I was craving some African food a few days ago and I decided to give it another shot. This time I was sold!
I tried the grilled fish with vegetables and plantains. It was so good I came back the very next day for another. The fish was crispy outside, flaky inside, and seasoned to the bone! The fish is covered with sautéed onions in a tasty sauce that I could not get enough of. The plantains were sweet morsels that complimented the fish. 
The service is friendly enough but they seem preoccupied with personal conversations. Like others have noted, the wait can be rather long but is definitely worth it.I have never been to Senegal. but have eaten homemade Senegalese meals. This place makes stuff like your mom would if she were an EXCELLENT home cook. Spices and sauces are exotic, but not unfamiliar. A must try app is the meat patties (still shining with oil from the deep fryer, HOT and spicy. The Grilled Tilapia I had appeared whole (including the head) and was quite succulent, but not particularly filling. Fortunately, my wife's half Senegalese chicken was more than she could eat, so with the help of my huge order of red fried rice, I went home full. Daughter was not so adventuresome, so beef Brochette suited her just fine (along with a huge order of plantains.) 
Service was very friendly and English is spoken well (though French is appreciated.) When we went the TV was on to a soccer game, and lots of local French-speaking Africans were cheering on their respective teams.
This is no doubt the kind of experience you would have a continent away, right in a convenient West-Phila strip shopping center (with free parking.) It's small, so try a slightly off-hour, Service takes the amount of time cooked to order takes, so order a delicious Ginger Juice and be patient. You will be rewarded.I honestly have no idea what kind of cuisine this place falls under but it is good.  I had the Chicken Senegal (I think) and had some of the Tilapia.  Note both dishes are huge in portion.  It's a good size chicken and the whole tilapia.  The sides it came with were pretty good as well.
Definitely worth trying if you're in the mood for something different.  This will hit the spot.I visited last evening after a recommendation by friend and reading the very good reviews.  I've always loved Senegalese food/people/culture.  I LOVE this restaurant...small, authentic Wolof vibes, playing popular contemporary West Afri sounds.  The servers were pleasant and listened well.  Being vegetarian, they were more than accommodating.  I was stuffed at end of meal.  The friend with me was stuffed, too. This will definitely be a restaurant that I will visit again for the food, people and vibes!Dined here this evening and the food was absolutely delicious!! I had the lamb chops with a side salad. I also had plantains and bissap. The service was pretty good and our server was friendly. My companion had the sautéed shrimp with a side of Senegalese rice and peas. Very good selection as well. The only drawback I would have to say is that the place is rather tiny so there may be a considerable wait to be seated. I will definitely return despite that fact however and I will share my experience in hopes that others support this African dining gem.I love it here! Everything is amazingly flavorful and healthy! I wish they had a buffet! I wish they had a chef's trading menu because I'd eat whatever comes out of that kitchen!The food here is really one of a kind, especially for someone who did not have a lot of African food style food...The shrimp appetizer is great. For most dishes, the way the meat is cooked and served gives you a feeling of the African wilderness: the Poisson(fish) and poultry are char/grill as a full body and tastes amazing.
Their African style juice is also very special and highly recommended. 
One star off for the service though. I requested ketchup three times and the waitress, obviously too busy managing the whole place forgets my sauce every single time!Very interesting cuisine. Sincere staff and flavorful dishes. We had the fish sauce gumbo and mafe with plantain side. Definitely can give it a try.I came here for the first time for a lunch date with my husband. Everything was delicious! Super impressed by the quality and value! We got the grilled tilapia from dinner menu with sweet potatoe fries on the side, chicken yassa from lunch menu and fried rice. Soooo good! Will definitely come back for more!This meal was the highlight of my trip to Philly. 
I can't speak for everything on their menu, but I highly highly highly recommend the marinated and grilled tilapia.  For $12 during dinner, you can a whole tilapia and a generous portion of whatever side you want.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly with some caramelization on the skin, and the steamed vegetables as well as the plantains had the right amount of bite to them.  Absolutely delicious.
I wish we knew it was BYOB before we came.  Can this place get any better?  Sweet staff, cozy place, amazing food, happy food baby.I wanted to like this place, and I did, although not as much as I wanted to. We got four dishes for $47 and it fed six adults, with leftovers, so the price was right. 
The food was good. I've had better West African, however. The lamb was kind of tough, the mafe was good, the yassa was...not the best, although good. I'm not a huge fan of the fish dish, theboudienne, so I'll recuse myself on that. The ginger drink was good but too sweet.
Still, the food is quality and the prices are low. I don't know the neighborhood, so I can't compare it to its competitors, but if a place like this existed in Princeton I would eat here all the time. I imagine Philadelphia has more options.Amazing food, please drop what you're doing and go to this restaurant!!!  Yuma, my friends and I really enjoyed the conversation with you.  Let us know when you come to Los Angeles!!I found out about Kilimandjaro online a few months ago. Last week I was thinking of places for my 21st birthday dinner; I wanted it to be relatively close to Penn's campus and nice but not expensive to the point of inconveniencing people. I remembered Kilimandjaro and decided to go with them because of all the great reviews. 
The morning before the dinner I went to the restaurant to make sure they could accomodate my party at the time I had planned. When I saw how small it was I got a little nervous, but they were fine with my party of 12 (it actually turned out to be only 10).
The dinner was last night, and it was unforgettably amazing!! After pondering the menu for a while, we decided to go with the buffet (fish, lamb, chicken, salad, rice, plantains and drinks for $15 per person). They only take cash, so 3 of us ended up walking to the CVS on Locust. When we got back, everything was on the table. All the food was delicious. None of us was particularly skilled at cutting a fish but we managed and it was quite tasty. I could only try one of the drinks though, the bissap, because the other two had pineapple and I'm allergic. Our server was very careful to make sure I knew the bissap from the iced tea (they look very much alike).
Overall, we had a wonderful time. Everyone kept asking how I found this place; only one person in our group had been before. The food and ambiance were perfect, and the servers were extremely helpful and efficient.One of my favorite new places in Philly. Up there with Cafe con Chocolate. The focus is on great food, not pretension. Very nice server and warm atmosphere.I've been here three times and I have never been disappointed. So far the Yassa with shrimp is my favorite.My favorite restaurant. Period. I've had most of their menu items but my favorites are their lamb chops and boneless chicken kabob.  The flavors are unique even among other comparable Senegalese restaurants.Love the food! The ginger drink was so delicious! That was my first time their and enjoyed myself. Will  return... plus it's BYOBTotally fun.  Great food.  Friendly service.  As authentic as can be ( I think).   Yassa fish and ginger juice are my new fav food combo
Don't forget to ask for the house hot sauce!!!
( it's a strip mall ethnic restaurant so don't think white tablecloth but think finger licking good and family friendly.  )I have been here thrice before, but this review will cover my most recent trip.
Based on the presentation, taste and quality of the food alone, this restaurant is amazing. However, there are some other logistical details that unfortunately keep my mouse hovering at the four star mark online. First, the venue is small and so beware of trying to find a table during peak dinner hours. Additionally, I didn't see any table that would seat more than 6 people, so unfortunately not a place to bring your entire extended family. At the same time, the waitstaff were very accommodating in allowing our group of three to pull up another chair at a clearly two person table. The menu is outdated and in fact, the waitress apologized to say that about 3-4 items aren't even made anymore. As a result, there are a sparse number of offerings made at dinner. This time I ordered Sauce Feuille with lamb and it was probably the second most delicious item I've had there, although I was a little nonplussed to find fish bones in the sauce. Ranked number one, in case you're wondering, is the rich peanut butter curry or Mafe. My companions ordered the Yassa fish and the whole fish. They were blown out of the water (pun intended). I'm also a fan of the presentation of their side orders such as their rice which comes as a beautiful compact sphere on your plate. Other sides are served in long, undulating, horizontal bowls. Another plus is how hot the food is when it is brought out and that for a small-medium sized person like myself, your entree is easily 2.5 meals.
This is a great affordable restaurant for a small group of people that offers unique and wholly satisfying dishes. A final note is that they don't accept credit cards! Don't say we didn't warn you.I can't begin to describe how delicious the food is here! I've had everything on the menu...multiple times! The Dibi lamb and the grilled fish is my favorite! 
The food is great but the service is slow so don't go if you're on a time schedule. You will not be disappointed trying anything on the menu. It's very small and hot inside but  it's a small price to pay for great Senegalese food.The fried snapper was really good. The plantains were really good. The fried rice was very good and it also tasted like chinese fried rice with smaller grained rice.
I liked the place. It's in a small strip mall with minimal parking. Try to get there earlier to avoid a wait.Loveeeeeee. I have had the chicken and it is delicious, I have had the meat pie and it is delicious; but nothing to me is better than the lamb with the onions and sauce on the rice. It's is delicious. (When i get the name of it ill update my review) I am Nigerian and I am a lot of times dissatisfied with the African cuisine in Philly.
This Senegalese place is a stable for me and my friend and me and my boyfriend. We sometimes come for take out and sometimes just to have nice loud talks about politics. 
Someday il try the fish I heard it's actually better than the lamb. But for right now I'm sticking to my favorite.
4 small but important things CASH ONLY and the furniture needs updating, the place is tight and customer service depends on the day and customers.The Senegalese was dry no flavor, dibi chicken and lamb dry still no flavor, the Tilapia was the only thing that had any flavor. Small portions, the hot pepper sauce was not even hot this restaurant has all the hype and nothing to back it up with I didn't my food at all. If you want good west African food go to  Boabab on woodland Ave.Kilimandjaro Restaurant is just simply inconsistent and quality of food is unpredictable.  One day they will make your food fresh.  The next visit it is not fresh at all .The fish was not fresh when I last ordered and they put a rotted tip brown   lettuce on my to go side salad. Also each time the food taste different. I normally write reviews on restaurant's not by my first experience but by going more than twice . If the resturant is just awful the first time then I never return. Iam tired of repeatedly telling them my food is not up to standard. I live in the area so it was a close option for me to walk to, but I will not return to Kilimandjaro Restaurant again.Wow, what a great place.   Nothing fancy here, but the food is perfectly prepared, perfectly spiced and DELICIOUS.  That wait staff are gracious and efficient.   We were in a large group and we received great service and felt right at home.   I can't wait to go back again.first time try african food..everything good, service good, and the juice is very impressive!I was yesterday at youma restaurant  Baltimore both locations was very good but love youma moreMy favorite Senegalese restaurant Le Bercail closed down. WAH. So I decided to try here. This food was good, but not as good. And their customer 'service' leaves much to be desired - a problem we also had at Le Bercail. We all chalk it up to 'cultural differences', but my guess is that's why Ke Bercail closed- because their food was transcendental, but the service really brought out the French in them.
I probably would've given this place 4 stars if I didn't have better senegalese elsewhere. 
Ive dropped in 2x because they are right next to the wine and spirits. they do not have a take out menu. This would cost them about $2 to get a bunch of them, photocopies of the regular menu would be fine. This is the signpost to show they really do not care that much about customer service.
So I call and ask if they are online anywhere so i can see a menu. I could not understand what she said after a few repeats, so i asked what was popular and she gave me a 'how should i know, depends..' answer.
So i found them on menu pages and made another call back. When i ordered the Senegalese chicken she said 'with what?', i said 'i dont understand' she repeated 'with what?'. Again i said i didnt understand. She then growled 'it comes with a side'. I said 'oh ok i didnt know that, it doesnt say that on this listing' (and later saw that it doesnt say it on the menu either). so i picked couscous, and chicken roti with vermicelli as a side. She didnt ask my name or tell me how long it would take. I tried to order a shrimp dish, but they were out of all shrimp.
so i show up after about 25 mins and say 'i ordered chicken roti and some other chicken dish...' and she looks at me like i'm an idiot. i say, well i the person on the phone didnt give me an order number, or ask my name. "that was me" she says,.... well, ok, then you must know my order. she says it will be 'right up'.
i wait on a chair in the corner under the big screen tv showing sports, and rap music over the speakers. there are some cute, crooked pictures, and nice colors. small but quaint. Definitely unpretentious (like your soda comes in the can). 2 kids, presumably the owners or someone that works there, were running in and out of the tables the whole time. Maybe everyone there knew them, seemed like people did all know each other. if i was dining in, this would have annoyed me. 
after 1o mins - i told them i would wait outside.
The chicken dishes were the same, i didnt know what to order (and i dont like lamb). i could not tell the difference between the 'roti' chicken and the 'senegalese' chicken. Both were tender, and juicy and had a lot of meat. I couldve used more sauce, and more grease/oil. The other restaurant i loved smothered the meats with sauce- which was useful because they too had very bland sides. 
Im sure its just 'how they do it', but to me the sides were useless and we did throw them away after trying to eat them. You can see from the pic, the couscous is literally just superdry couscous with nothing on it and they give YOU the bouillon cube to crumble on it. Umm, no...i would like you to prepare the food!! The vermicelli also was not cooked with flavorings but had a dollop of the same onion sauce that was on the chicken, and that saved some of it. 
It ended up being about an hour for our 2 dishes. The place did have about 4 tables of people. 
The total was $25, a deal really, but according to the menu both dishes were $10.. so i don't know where the other $5 came from. But they did not seem like they would be receptive to my questioning so i didnt even ask.
I know customs are different, and american's version of customer service is very different. Senegal is part French, and it shows. They are not very friendly with nonregulars and dont seem to care about repeat visitors or if you are happy. 
just not a good vibe, but decent food.Excellent west African cuisine.Senegales or Guenie ( I believe Fulani).
If you like Carribean food you will like it.The owners used to run a Restaurant around Drexel that closed down called Fatu& Fama or something like it years ago.I was in a cab that was driven by a guy from Gunea and when I mentioned to him about how good that restaurant was he told me they have open another one so detour to Kilimanjaro :) ordered over the phone some fish with rice. Lady over the phone quickly took my order but didn't give me any selection.Was a little bummed that I got a fried trout with bones ( preferred fillet fish) All I all food tastes fresh and delicious.Restaurant is tiny but clean and cozy.
Food is excellent but customer service needs some work.Can't attribute it to "cultural difference" because I have been to many places including Africa.The girl working the counter seem to have incorporated the attitudes of some of unsavory females of the area and there was a dude working there wearing a white wife beater . WTF:)
All in all , I would still get a take out but won't dine in.Great food!  The grilled pork kebab were perfectly done and delicious.  The red snapper was also outstanding. They served up a nice thick red snapper which was enjoyed!  Very reasonably priced. Saturday night and the place was BUSY!I absolutely love this place. Consistently great food for a great price! BYOB and the wine and spirits is next door. Try the grilled Talapia with the pickled onions. The plaintains are good when they're sweet and the spicy rice is great!Best plantains ever. I always order the Yasa fish with fried rice. Great authentic African cuisine.It was pretty crowded so I knew the wait for our food would be a min but that was fine because I was dining in with family. The waiter took our order but when are food came out she forget 2 side dishes we order. I thought maybe they weren't done yet since she didnt say anything but it never came. Dont even think about getting a refill because they don't come to check on you! The menu is small but they were out of half of the items. Shrimp dish to oily a lot of onion and they give almost the whole onion on the main dishes it was a bit much. Next day my family and I  was sick, disappointed!best. food. ever. 
lamb dibi with fried rice ftw!
i love this place!!!!I had high hopes after seeing this place on Philly FYI but the service was horrible.  I placed a take-out order after asking the girl at the counter for recommendations. I explained I was a first time customer. I watched customers come and go while mine took forever. I tried two dishes in case I did not like one. Unfortunately neither was worth the wait. The lamb dish was so over cooked and dry it actually shriveled up. It didn't have any spice or great african flavor. The fish dish was bland and not worth the price considering the amount. They did however provide plenty of rice. Two heavy full containers. Won't be back.Average.  Ginger-ade was the best thing we had.  Wait for food once ordered was around 30 minutes.  Food was heavily salted.Love, love, love! This is probably one of my favorite restaurants. Its not like everyday you can find a Senegales place! Kilimanjaro had a good selection of meals with a decent price. I mean where else can you get a juicy rack of lamb chops for 12 dollars? Or their half rotisserie chicken for a similar price. And how about their hibiscus iced tea. It reminds me of home. And their appetizers such as the beef patties, spicy with great flavor. Not to mention their sides. The plantains are a must as well as the cuscus. I've been to Kilimanjaro a dozen of times and I have not been disappointed with the food. I would give this restaurant a 5 but there is one thing stopping me and that is the service time. Be prepared to wait a long time for dinner. I would say this place has gotten a lot more popular since I first started dining there a year ago. The wait time varies and can be as long as 40 min. My suggestion maybe call in ahead of time your order or call and see if they are busy because seating can be limited.The yassa fish came out in a bowl with a heaping serving of salty gravy sauce and sauteed onions.  The fish itself was cooked perfectly, but unfortunately the bottom of the bowl was all oil and I was left picking pieces of fish out of an oil soup.  This left a heavy, greasy feeling in my stomach for the rest of the night.  The plantain appetizer was fried goodness and the ginger juice was extremely potent, but delicious.  There was a pleasant spiciness to the juice and I want to say that I got a slight buzz after drinking half of it.
Overall good tasting meal, execution needs improvement.  Best part....they are located in strip mall with plenty of parking.I would give the food five stars however the service wasn't well. I got the lamb chops and fried rice it was amazing. Yet me and my be waited about 3 hrs for our food I understand they were busy and it was only one woman serving, I just think I would be beneficial if they had more staff.Kilimandjaro has the best beef sambusas, and I live their Dibi Chicken+Wolof rice. Great Senegalese African food like this deserves recognition.WARNING: DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU DON'T LIKE GOOD FOOD.
Kilimandjaro is my new favourite place.  I want to eat there every day, every meal.  Never had Senegalese food before, but if this is what it's like, I love it.
DO NOT COME HERE & ORDER THE YASSA FISH unless you want a delish dish!  A whole grilled fish, with a hearty sauce piled on top, made of onion-garlic-lemon-pepper-mustard-carrot, according to the menu.  The fish is still moist, but crispy on the outside.  Savoury and scrumptious and very very satisfying. 
Dibi Lamb is good -- it's grilled lamb with sort of an onion salsa on top.  Tasty.  Lots of lamb.
Poulet (Chicken) Senegal is a crispy fried half chicken, with an onion-based sauce, similar to Yassa, but different.  The dark meat is juicier than the white meat.
Homemade Ginger juice is sweet & very gingery, with a nice kick.  yum!
Service is charming and friendly.  It's quietly attentive, not in-your-face.  One person in particular seemed to anticipate our every need.
YOU SHOULD NOT GO TO KILIMANDJARO unless you want large portions of delicious food at great prices, great service.  Please don't go there and fill up all the seats!  I can't wait until the next time I'm back.This place is a Philly Staple! The best thing is the lamb but depending on who cooks it. The service is why I didn't give a 5 Star review  but the food is really great. It wouldn't hurt to be a little more helpful as far as the wait staff. There was chocolate lady who is very sweet and on the cash register from time to time.This place was great! Definitely had no idea what to expect as I'd never eaten Senegalese food before, but my friend and I are adventurous eaters and thought we would give it a shot because of the crazy good Yelp reviews. 
If you don't like onions, you may not like this place because there are lots of onions involved...but I love onions so it was right up my alley!
I got the Chicken Senegal (?) and it was really moist, well cooked, and covered in a delicious blend of onions and some peppers. I got it with a side of spicy brown rice which I'd say is a must get. My friend got the tilapia and it came out as the whole fish, but she really enjoyed it. We shared the fried plantains and that was a great appetizer.
Overall, if you are looking for something fun and different go check out this place. Portions are HUGE and will definitely produce leftovers. Also, take cash because they don't take card!While Kilimandjaro might not look like much from the outside, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food served. While the service was a bit slow, food seems authentic and makes up for it.
Would recommend this restaurant for anyone willing to try new cuisines.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. The owners and workers are so friendly, they make you feel like you're visiting an old neighbor every time you come. The food is to die for. I love the grilled fish and dibi lamb with a side of white rice. The place is super cozy, it might get crowded sometimes. This is a byob place.
Warning; most of the food contain bones. Its never a big deal for me but some friends  i brought are terrified of eating meat around bones.Ok so here it goes! Last week my fiancé surprised me with a weekend trip to Philadelphia! He made sure to include an African restaurant to honor my culture . 
When we walked into Kilimandjaro it was a casual restaurant but a great scene. The diversity of the people that patronize the restaurant was great to see as there were people of all different races there. The food was sooooooo good. I got my favorite DiBi lamb and my fiancé got a chicken dish. I will say this is by far the best Senegalese DiBi lamb I've had in ages. The customer service was cordial but so so especially since they were so busy. Honestly though most African restaurants aren't known for customer service but I can easily overlook that due to how good the food was. I gave it four stars because the food is great, however I think the customer service can improve with proper staffing and also having a better seating system.This is where you want to be if you want to FEAST LIKE A KING!!
This is one of my favorite places in philly. There is a decent wait for your food to come through, but that's only because it takes time to create something great, which their food is.
One of the waitresses there isn't very fluent in english, but to me, that only adds to the authenticity of this place.
Thank you killimajaro!!!!What can I say, they have amazing food here! You get the experience of eating the whole fish and the flavor was very unique and tasty. Only downside it's that you'll have to be patient, they take their time in making the food.I came with a large group and we tried almost most everything.
I have to strongly recommend all of the Yassa Philly series. You can choose the meat and they will cook it in a red curry like sauce with onions, very tasty!
As other reviewers mentioned, if you like whole grilled fish, then definitely try it here! The lamb chops and the roasted chickens were also not bad. For sides, plantains, cous cous and sweet potato fries are all good choices. They ran out of Senegal rice, but apparently that is a must try according to my African friend.
For dessert, they have a millet and yogurt mix. It's actually quite large and heavy so get one to share.
Definitely a great surprise in West Philly!Amazing food at this University city African restaurant. The Dibi chicken,samosa, and fish is just the best. I have been coming here for over a year. The Wolof Senegal rice is the best rice I have ever tasted. I would strongly recommend you to try this African restaurant.Stopped in for dinner one night after walking past Kilimandjaro for months, and I'm glad we did. The waitress helped us pick out some great dishes. The ginger juice is awesome, very spicy! Overall, good prices, good service.Good food. We got the buffet for 10 people (it's a minimum of 10 people, for $15 per person, and well worth it for the variety, quantity and quality of food), which is actually not on the menu as an option, and she was surprised that I knew about the option, but was very sweet in allowing us to partake (that was the whole reason we had come!). 
Buffet comes with salad (good dressing, I want to say a ginger-based dressing, and with hard-boiled eggs is a plus for me), fried rice (not like Chinese fried rice at all...it's just the rice w/ no veggies), plantains with some sort of sauce (good sauce, although I was annoyed at myself that I couldn't place the flavor...wonder what it was...I prefer my plantains a little bit sweeter but they were good), chicken (wish there was a higher chicken to onions ratio, but it was tasty, if not a tad spicy), lamb (good if not a bit fatty), and fish (two whole fish...my first time filleting a fish...very delicious!). Also comes with a pitcher of each drink (I forget the names, but I believe one was a ginger drink and one was a sweet tea), very very veryyyyy interesting/delicious/unique drinks!
*note: "Buffet" might not be the best way to describe it...It is NOT all-you-can-eat. It is just one big platter/pitcher of each item that is enough for everyone to have a decent portion of everything.
Also ordered the "beef patties" (like little beef empanadas) for appetizer. They were delicious, but a bit pricey in my opinion.
Service was lacking, and though it was pretty packed with people coming in and out for take-out, they easily could have checked on our table more. There's the star off for me. There's only maybe 5 or 6 tables total (we took up a whole side of the restaurant with our party of 10).
I'll definitely be coming back.The rating is solely reflective of the food quality. Otherwise, there were no delays in the food arriving, and everything requested was provided for in a timely manner.
Straight up dope food that I will bring more people to try. You will not be disappointed.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I try something different every time I come in and it never disappoints. My most favorite menu item is the Senegalese Chicken. It was simple, juicy, and completely delicious. The food is relatively healthy and I always feel super full with there portions or have to bring some home. Price is just right. Decor is cute, staff is nice, and it's a place me and my husband can agree on (thank goodness!). Good vibes and great food!I think that the saying "don't judge a book by it's cover" would apply to this establishment. On the outside, Kilimandjaro doesn't offer much for a grand impression, with an unpretentious sign that marks its location next to the giant liquor store. However, as soon as you step in, you'll find a small but truly charming cozy interior with African furnishing (including background music videos) and comfortable seating. 
We weren't too familiar with the menu, but we ordered a tilapia and a chicken. They both came with sides, so we asked for steamed vegetables and cous cous. The food took some time to come out, but while we were waiting, we got the ginger juice, which was amazing! It has a really strong unique flavor of tangy/spicy/sweet that I'm not sure if everyone else would appreciate as much as I did, but I would still recommend giving it a try, especially if your throat is sore because it can feel like a remedy. 
When the food came out, we were amazed at how the entire tilapia was on the plate - the ENTIRE thing with head and whatnot. Similarly, a full half of a chicken came out, in addition to the large sides of steamed veggies and cous cous (which make for great combinations). Everything we had was phenomenal - succulent and flavorful! Not to mention, the portion sizes were very generous - definitely great bang for the buck!
To top it off, the hostess/waitress was very friendly and approachable, applauding us at the end of the meal for being able to finish the large quantities food. Overall, 'twas a surprising delight and I'm looking forward to coming again!Extremely warm and welcoming service. Delicious food - the fish, chicken and lamb are awesome - as were the plantains and rice.
Small, cozy space - excellent flavors and dishes. Also BYOB.Tried to come here months ago but couldn't get a table because it was packed! Finally was able to come and try it!! I ordered the fried tilapia with fried rice. The fish was crispy and with the marinated onions, it was a perfect combo. The rice was bit dry but didn't make too much difference to me! Also tried ginger mango juice and you will definitely taste the kick of ginger in your mouth. Reasonable price and fast service- the only con: bathroom was not the cleanest so I couldn't use it!Great food. The owners and servers are obviously from Senegal, so I trust that the food is just as authentic. Can't wait to go back for more.I can't get enough the lamb chops. I especially love the generous portion of onions that comes on top...so flavorful! I usually order take out here (call 30 minutes ahead of time!) but I like that dine-in is BYOB.I had a hard time deciding between 4 or 5 stars for Kilimandjaro. The food absolutely deserves 5 stars. Everything I've had here has been great. The flavors are amazing and everything is seasoned just right. I especially enjoyed the plantains starter and the shrimp crevettes. The spice on the crevettes builds to a nice heat that pairs nicely with the sweetness of the plantains. The red snapper was also very, very good.
The four star rating comes from atmosphere. The place definitely has a relaxed, neighborhood vibe, which I like. But the service can be slow and the bathrooms aren't the tidiest. I'm big on ambiance though, if that doesn't matter to you then consider this a five star rating.
But then your food comes and all is forgiven. I definitely recommend checking it out. Grab a bottle of wine next door since it's BYO and enjoy what I'm sure will be a fantastic meal.I don't know what they put in those onions, but it's amazing.  This little BYOB is making some terrific food.
We started with an order of plantains, and when I looked at it, I was worried that they weren't caramelized enough.  I shouldn't have been.  The sweetness of the plantain mixed with the spice on the onions perfectly.  I could have eaten plates of this.
My dinner date ordered the Yassa Shrimp which also had some spice to it.  It was sauteed with onions, garlic, habanero, and a bunch of other stuff.  Great taste, she also reported enjoying it.
I had the lamb shank.  Served with the same onion that came with the plantains and some red (brown?) rice.  The lamb was excellently cooked, pulled off the bone cleanly, and was paired with the spiced onions to make a terrific dish.  The red rice had am earthly taste that I enjoyed, better than a lot of fried rice that I've had.  
The service was terrific.  I could not believe when the server brought out my lamb and told me that the shank was too small, so they were going to bring me out a second one (the lamb didn't look small to me).  I have never had that happen ever before, I am very impressed with the level of customer service.  
Private lot for parking, always a plus.  A liquor store right next door.  Go grab a bottle and have a delicious dinner.Friendly staff and a great meal. We came with a large group and they offered us a "buffet" for 15 a person. It was amazing... whole platters came out to our table with chicken, lamb, whole talapia. They had a ginger drink included which was spicy and a little too sweet but it was tummy to try. Note: no alcohol allowed, but it was ok because we enjoyed the food so much.FRICKIN DELICIOUS!!! The restaurant is really small, but the food is fantastic and cheap. We (party of 8) called the day of to reserve seats and had to change our reservation around last minute, and the staff was pleasant and accommodating. I'd highly recommend this restaurant!Had a pretty nice dinner here with a friend the other night. The atmosphere was friendly & welcoming, and service was quick. We sampled the Poulet Senegal with couscous & cotelette d'agneau with rice. Next time, we should definitely order some vegetables since there's not much else besides onions on the platters. That being said, the onions were delicious and well spiced. The chicken was moist and excellent, but the lamb was somewhat dry and more fatty than I would have hoped. Overall, we had a nice meal and would definitely go back. Plenty of parking, too!Got help to originally write a bad review for a terrible business owner in Philly and wound up eating here and thought I needed to write a review about it! Food was fantastic and the staff was delightful!My boyfriend and I love this place!! The yassa fish is my fav. Juices are great too, hibiscus and ginger mmm mmm mmm.They don't accept restaurant.com certificates even though it's advertised on the website.  The manager pointed to a pencilled-sign at the front door that was barely readable.  
We really enjoyed the food there though, great value for the huge portion and taste. We ordered the beef patties (4 pieces for $5) and it was delicious, very similar to empanadas except for better shells (crispy but not hard). 
The fried tilapia is my second favorite fried tilapia in the city. We got fried plaintains and fried rice as side dishes for our entrees and were very happy with them.  The ginger juice was definitely interesting and worth trying.  
The service was a bit lacking, but overall, recommended for the food!Holy moly.  How the hell do they keep things so reasonably priced here?  The lamb dish that I ordered had a huge stack of lamb.  It tasted a little gamey, but I don't mind that, and overall it was really good.  I've also had a grilled fish dinner here that comes out whole.  I didn't enjoy this as much as the lamb, as I wasn't very good at getting the fish off the bone, but it is a healthier food option.  Plantains are a good side, but get the quinoa, which is some of the best I've ever had.Came here for the first time recently, had some of the best lamb of my life. Man I was with got the fish yassa, said it was the best fish he ever had. Seasoning was incredible, service a little slow but very nice, and the price is more than reasonable. Highly recommend.Awesome, awesome restaurant. A friend of mine brought us here last weekend after raving about her experiences, and now I can't wait to return. The restaurant is pretty tiny with maybe a maximum of 8-10 tables throughout, so get there early if you can, The fried plantains are a must, so flavorful and the onions provide a unique texture and flavor. The menu is pretty simple: chicken, lamb, fish. The chicken was enough to last me 2 meals, but the fried rice didn't make it home with me. As a warning: the service is pretty slow, but you're on African time. As long as you bring a bottle of wine and enjoy the company you're with, you won't mind!On a quick breakaway to philly - man brought me to this gem from when he used to live in Philly years ago. You could miss it because its stuck in a little shopping mall. Dont miss it.  
Everything was fresh, delicious and amazing.  Fresh ginger juice, Bissap (amazing),
nice salad with egg, rice spiced perfectly fried (literally the best Ive ever eaten to date),  fresh grilled tilapia (he ate half of mine and his), sauteed vegs, and bomb spiced plantains - should've also gotten the dibi but was stuffed as is. 
We even went back again on our way up to NY the next day to grab some plantains and rice for the road, would've gotten a jug of the juice if we could!  
People were friendly, warm and attentive, very comfortable vibe like home. 
Prices are great. 
Will definitely stop there anytime we are down by Philly.What Shereen C said.
This place is so good and so much fun.The food is incredible. Had the grilled Tilapia (given whole) which had these wonderful spices. The meat was moist and tender. Tried to pick every piece I could off the bone. The sautéed green beans (side) were really good. The service was fine and not as bad as I've heard in some reviews. My wife had the lamb chops which she said were a little tough, but still good. We both had the ginger juice and mango which was excellent. Just they right amount of ginger spice and sweetness. The price can't be beat. Excellent meal for the price. Would recommend to anyone.This place should be on Diners, Dives and Drive-ins. 
Its a dive.  Bring friends. Get the poisson grilled. Try the coktail. Thats how they spell it. AND its ginger juice and hibiscus tea.  Huge portions.
Also, because it is what it is, you should know that when you order the beef patties even though it says ... #4     $1.50 for a beef pattie, they will bring you 4 and charge you $6. Your friends can eat the others.Tried an African place for the first time and absolutely loved it. The service is a little slow but its totally worth it, I guess they cook everything from Apps to entree's from scratch.
A must for food connoisseur who loves to try different cuisines, food is very reasonable and cash only.The dinner service is really slow. Sometimes they have only one server, which makes things even worse given how popular this place can get. That's my only real complaint because both times that I have been here, I have had to bring the check up to the register myself. 
First time I came here was a few months ago, I got the tilapia with fried rice, and plantains. Don't get me wrong, food is really good. Fish is charred and very succulent on the inside. Plantains are slightly sweet and served with chopped onions. 
Second time I went here, I think that I got the same thing by mistake. I ordered the red snapper, however I think that I had the tilapia again because I got charged $12 and the server insisted that it wasn't snapper lol. 
Overall, the service is really lacking here. I really think they need another server, given the popularity.First time doing authentic African food. I loved the spicy chicken with rice. My friend ordered a whole fish. The taste is unique as the owner is from Africa originally. I enjoyed it so much and would come back again for sure!The ginger drinks were were very gingery, the way I like it. The food was very flavorful. We got the lamb shank and red snapper. They were amazingly goodI love this place ! The food is delicious! I got take out from here with my friend who is from (Burkina Faso) and he stated that this was the best African food in the area. This has been my only experience with African food and I am now a regular customer and order at least a few times a month. I also introduced my my friend from Rwanda to it and she loved it as well.
Dibi Lamb, Brown Rice and Plantains are my favorite YUMI'm pretty sure they cast some kind of spell on the grilled fish because it is nothing short of magical. And the prices are unbeatable for sit-down service.
A word of advice though,  I'm not sure if this is a style of the cuisine, but they are sometimes a little heavy on the raw onions. I like onions myself, but if you are used to we'll cooked onions only you might want to ask them to only use a little (the server is always really nice!)
I have tried almost everything on the menu and I am seriously impressed by everything they serve. Bring a bottle of wine and enjoy yourself. Despite the outside, the atmosphere is pleasant. And don't worry, this isn't the type of food that's "for the adventurous only". Even the pickiest will find something they like.If I could inject the fresh ginger juice directly into bloodstream, I would.
The shopping plaza this place exists in is unassuming. The ambiance inside this place is fairly straight forward, with not a lot of polarizing vibes either way. The food is excellent. The service is, too. Everything was cooked to perfection and at a very agreeable price. Fair warning on the pork chops: H U G E. Best way to eat them is to just pick em up and dive in. You're hands will smell like deliciousness for a day or two afterward.
My first time meal equation was as follows:
Fresh ginger juice + fried plantains + whole Yassa fish + grilled pork chops = 1 happy couple on date night.
 Give it a whirl! It's really close by Local 44 as well, which is definitely not a bad after-dinner move.Just visited for the first time last night, and they have amazing food, atmosphere,  service, and you can't beat the prices! If you're looking for authentic African flavors and dishes, this is definitely a must! The fish is absolutely perfect, the chicken is delicious, and the owner's Senegalese rice is out of this world. the owner also makes her own ginger juice which is absolutely outstanding. I've never had African food before Kilimandjaro and simply put, it was an excellent experience. We'll definitely be back soon!I wanted to take my husband to a late lunch/early dinner for his birthday, something new and different.  I turned to yelp and everyone seemed to point me in the direction of Kilimandjaro...well we were not disappointed.  
Yes the place is in a quasi-strip mall but who cares???  The availability of parking allowed me to give them 3 stars.  If you live in or frequent Philadelphia, you are aware of the parking issues in University City and they can be a pain in the backside.  
Enough about parking, let's get to the food.  Ahhh the food, it was truly amazing! We ordered the Vero Shrimp and Plantains as an appetizer.  The shrimp were moist, plump, adequate size and tasted very fresh.  The plantains are the best I have ever had.  I ordered the Mafe, which the hostess/server politely told me how to pronounce the name.  I think it is rude to just point at a menu.  My husband ordered the Sauce Feuilles and we both ordered the homemade ginger juice.   
I loved the food! I love the price; total bill came to $37.  I cannot wait to go back and try other dishes.  This is a great find, thank you fellow yelpers and thank you Kilimandjaro.Dear foodies,
Kilimandjaro Restaurant will blow your mind with it's unique flavors, textures, and spices.  It is an amazing restaurant that specializes in West African food.  I have been twice thus far, once during the summer before I moved to Arizona, and just two weeks ago when I visited family on the East Coast for the New Year.  
The peanut sauce is delectable, the Yassa Fish is out of this world and even the rice is filled with flavor and vegetables.  Their homemade hot sauce is spicy and flavorful.
I love this place. It is absolutely amazing.I came in here with pretty high expectations because of the Yelp reviews. Sat down, ordered the yassa fish and the Sengalese rice off of other Yelp recommendations. 20 minutes later, I get my glass of water. Whatever, not a deal breaker. But waiting another 30 minutes to get my food absolutely is. I don't care if this is Momofuku on Christmas, you don't make a customer wait 50 minutes to get their food on a weekday night with one other table ahead of them. 
So my food gets here and at this point I'm starving enough that I'd considered running to a foodtruck and just eating there. As low as my standards were at that point, they somehow still managed to make my food mediocre. The Sengalese rice was a plate of salty, small-grained rice with literal pieces of vegetables thrown in. I'm talking an individual kernel of corn. i don't even know how you manage to get one kernel of corn, did they literally take a can of corn and say, "welp, would be a shame if we didn't use this last kernel of corn, might as well give it to this rice"? The fish was grilled and just overwhelmingly blasted with pepper. It might have had some other flavor to it, but none was tasted past the sensation of being punched in the face by the cumulative pepper import of the last 500 years. I'm assuming they burned my fish on that grill for the last 40 minutes and the pepper was a last ditch attempt to hide that, because it hid absolutely everything. There might have been some vegetables in the gravy, but frankly it all tasted like pepper and I'm not willing to go on the record saying that that they were vegetables just from the texture. 
Other people have had really good things to say about this place, so maybe I was just an absolutely extreme aberration, but I'm not willing to go back in there and find out. Try at your own risk.I decide to give this establishment a try and i giving them a 3 stars. The service was poor (long waiting time an. If you plan to go there and have party of 3 or more get ready for a waiting time over an hour to be seated because they don't sit accordly. They have 3 tables of two empty and 3 tables of five occupied by couples. I gave them 1 star for cleaness and 2 stars for the quality of the food wich is great if you are looking for a good west African (Senegalese cuisine)food.Also make sure you have cash because they don't take credit cards as method of payment.1st time here me and the hubby absolutely love the food....we tried the lamb, rice, chicken, stream veggies, plantains(which could be a little more sweeter),and there little triangle shape beef patties everything was good!!!...The customer service was beautiful as soon as we walked in the door we were greeted....the air conditioner was down so it was hot but the waitress kept apologizing for that, that was cool.....I highly recommend this place....Amazing food, family atmosphere. Affordable, huge portions- but don't forget they only take cash.Use think it was good until I received a spoiled lamb platter last night and when I called them to inform them they thought I wanted a refund but no because i am a pregnant woman and can get Salmonella position to my child so refund can't pay for a hospital bill she was so rude my husband took phone from me cause he thought it was man yelling at me very disappointed please be careful because could be fooled from the coverup they really should of at least apologize to meThe food was ok. I didn't think it was as amazing as everyone says it is. I had chicken, fish, fried rice, plantain. I think because a lot of the food is similar to what I cook at home and it was just decent I didn't think it was anything to talk about.I really wanted to love this place but my experience here was very so-so. The most frustrating part was being repeatedly told that whatever we had wanted to try was out for the day - this was before dinner hours, too! Why even have a menu? After a few futile attempts, we finally gave up and just asked what was actually still available. Ended up with a chicken dish and a lamb dish. To be fair, they both tasted fine but were nothing spectacular and just not what we'd wanted. 
I'm still looking forward to returning for the other dishes, but probably won't try again for dinner.We were looking for a BYO in West Philly and saw this place with great reviews on Yelp. We're not very experienced with West African food but were excited to try some new fare. This place did not disappoint. The food was delicious!
We started with the fried plantains. I highly recommend. The dish is a wonderful balance of sweet and spicy, with the sautéed onions complimenting the plantains perfectly. I had the chicken yassa with an upgraded side of fried rice ($2 more). Hubby had the lamb shank gigot and our son had the beef brochette (kabobs). Everyone was very happy with their choice. One note on the beef- it was prepared medium-well which was fine with my son, but if you prefer your beef less cooked, I suggest you ask the server or skip the beef altogether. Son had the ginger drink with strawberries which was very good as well!
The restaurant is small and it was very busy on a Sunday night but the service was good. I read reviews that it's a bit slow, but we don't like to rush through our meal anyway so it was spot on for us. The only hiccup was that they staggered bringing out the main courses with quite a bit of time between the first and last course served. But our server was apologetic and we just used the opportunity to sample the dishes one at a time.
I would highly recommend this place. We will certainly be back!Kilamandjaro is often labeled as the most accessible of all the west Philly African restaurants.  That's mainly because of its location very near to the University of Pennsylvania campus and rapid transit.  It is also colorfully and attractively decorated on the inside....although they could use some new seating as a couple of the seats and banquettes were torn.  The food here is very reliable....although not spectacular.  I recently enjoyed a maafe lamb and rice dish here.  The peanut sauce was excellent ... and made even better when I requested hot sauce.  The lamb in the Maafe, however was not of the best quality in my opinion - a little too much fat and bone at the same time.  Service was competent but my water glass was never refilled after I pretty early on finished the water.  All in all a solid University City African restaurant that has a little room for improvement.First encounter with non-Ethiopian African food = great success.
Since moving to West Philly, I had been dying to try Le Bercail or Kilimandjaro and see what this type of food had to offer. Ended up trying Kilimandjaro first thanks to easy parking and ginger juice.
As promised by Yelp reviews, the ginger juice is essentially pureed ginger and water. And by that, I mean it is essentially crack for people like me who LOVE ginger. So good.
I tried the Yassa fish, which is an entire tilapia 'sauteed' (pretty sure it's pan-fried based on how crispy the outside gets) topped with delicious caramelized onions. While it is a bit of an adventure to debone this bad boy, the tender and flavorful meat of the fish is worth working for. This is undoubtedly one of the best fish preparations I've ever eaten.
My mom tried the dibi lamb chops, which were surprisingly juicy without being fatty, but I can't say I'd order anything but the Yassa fish after this experience.
Gonna get to Le Bercail soon and see how their food compares, but Kilimandjaro definitely knocked this one out of the park. Get there!The plantain was so dry and the fact that they only take cash was very inconveniencing. The Poisson fish was really good and the chicken tastes good. Overall an Ok placeI have been dining here for over 4+ years the Dibi chicken, plantains, Wolof rice everything on the menu is really good. The ingredients are fresh and the food is amazing! Senegalese food is really delicious hands down the best Senegalese food I ever had.I have yet to be truly impressed by any of the African restaurants I've been to.  While my meal here was fine, overall, I can't imagine returning.
For appetizers, we split beef patties and plantains, which were both quite good.  The entrees, though, were not as great.  My whole fish sautéed with onions and peppers and served with a side of rice was decent.  My girlfriend's dish, however - stewed lamb with okra - was completely inedible.  The server was very nice, however, and took it off the bill without us asking.  My friend got the roasted chicken, which he said was quite good.  The ginger juice had a decent flavor, but was incredibly sweet.
The restaurant itself was fairly unremarkable, although the service was fairly good.Kilimandjaro delivers great Senegalese food consistently.  I try and come here once a week and usually have the Peanut Butter Sauce, Rice and a glass of cold Sorrel to drink.  
If the food wasn't well worth the trip to 43rd and Chestnut then perhaps the homely feel of this place made possible by the staff should be enough to trek here even in the cold depth of winter.  For someone new to this city it is a most welcomed compliment to a great meal.
I also recommend the flavorful grilled fish, and the Ginger Juice (sweet).
The television is almost always on in the evenings and I appreciate it most when it's looping Senegalese music videos with artist in traditional Senegalese attire.  Other times it's tuned to a station displaying International football.  
I have come here with parties of 4 and have been comfortable.  I have also witnessed parties of 12 on a Saturday be accommodated by combining tables.  I have come here alone as well and have had fun staring at people on their dates or families trying Senegalese food for the first time.
The Artwork and colors on the wall provide a warm feel to the place and the customers range from White, Asian, African American, to African.
They do not take credit or debit, but the have 3 ATM's on the same block as the restaurant.  The one in the fast food Chinese take out has the lowest Service Fee.  GKEMy favorite restaurant in Philly.  I have been a loyal customer for almost ten years now.  The quality has remained consistent throughout all of those years and I'm still discovering new menu items to try.  Some highlights:  Yassa -- a lemony chicken or fish stew with the best onions ever; grilled lamb or chicken dibi; and brochette kebabs.  So much and so awesome food, it's worth the sometimes slower service.  A very good introduction to West African food.The food never disappoints and the servers are attentive. The atmosphere is also very inviting and it's BYOB so you can save a buck.Senegalese cuisine! Quite tasty. I had the snapper with fried rice (cous cous), vegetables, and plantain.  This place is very small, great for take out, or you can kindly stalk a table until you get a seat. 
If you're not an onion eater be sure to tell them. My dish came smothered with onions, but I don't mind at all, bring it on!!! My fish was grilled, but it had a fried texture...which I was not used to. I ask the hostess and she assured me the fish was grilled. It was indeed yummy, and very crispy. 
A platter comes with one side and each additional side is $5. That was a little annoying. African dishes usually come with rice and plantain, the anything additional. My fried rice came with a sprinkle of what looked liked canned veggies on top and the plantain came out a very nice portion. Everything was presented very beautifully i must say. 
Happy eating!amazing senegalese food, my husband is from senegal and we eat here its soooo good every time. the fried fish, couscous and ginger juice is my favorite. EAT HERE!The food was amazing. We had the Senegalese chicken and whiting. We are surely going back to try more on the menu. I only gave three stars because the place wasn't very clean... The tables were kind of sticky....okay....very sticky.... And the service is not so great. The waitress took our drink of order of water three times. THREE TIMES! The fourth time we ordered cokes and they came right up. Funny. 
Other than that, the food is awesome and I'd recommend everyone give it a try. Good food, good prices, good times.Delicious food. I had the red snapper and rice. SLAMMING! Service is suspect. Restrooms are TINY. Space in the seating area is minimal. Despite this, the food exceeded my expectations. So fresh and full of flavor.The last time we came here (on a Friday around 6pm), it was too crowded so we had to go somewhere else. 
Tonight, we came early at 5:30pm on a Thursday and got seated right away. 
I was a little worried about slowness of service based on previous reviews but that wasn't an issue at all. 
I ordered the Senegalese chicken which was cooked well with a delicious sauce of onions.  I mixed that with some fried rice and really enjoyed it.  I also asked for a side of hot sauce which was really spicy but added a nice kick to the dish. 
My one friend had the dibi chicken and felt that was a bit on the dry side
While my other two friends ordered the fried tilapia and seemed to really enjoy it
The Mango Ginger Juice is VERY GINGERY so be warned before ordering it.The menu is full of delicious seeming options, for meat eaters. If you are vegetarian, there are not a lot of options; you will need to make a meal of sides. The food I had was ok, the portions are generous, I wish they had more to offer vegetarians.
Otherwise, the place is a dive, but the staff is friendly, nice seeming people.One word Delicious everything we ordered  I had grilled lamb& couscous  with a side of steamed vegetables the service was very good our server recommended dishes we ordered them and weren't disappointed had ginger juice As a beverage quite good I like this place so much I plan on visiting it at least once a week. I went there this past Monday I had the grilled talapia it was Reeaallly Good never had any so good if you like fish order it you wont be disappointedWhile looking for restaurants on Christmas, we chanced upon this gem. Everything we ordered was delicious: one curry with chicken that was served with brown rice (full of flavour!), two vegetarian curries served with white rice. We also ordered a side of fried plantain. Our hostess was friendly and helpful. Will definitely go here again if I visit Philadelphia!I enjoy coming here. Food is good and so is service. They do run out of food often. And the lunch menu is more exciting and wide than their dinner menu. Dinner seems to be whatever is left over.This is the real deal African food. It was awesome.
From the moment we walked in, we knew we found the real thing. The atmosphere beamed of African culture, from the decor to the natives who worked there.
It's a nice small cozy spot too.
We started off with some beef paties. These are not like what you might get at a Caribbean restaurant or in the frozen section of the super market. They're on the smaller side, a lot less greasy, and a lot more tasty.
We were both interested in the Poulet Senegal, a chicken dish, but when we found out it was not boneless, we asked if the the traditional African sauce could be combined with the Brochette, a boneless chicken dish, which was served kebab style. And, we got what we asked for.
The food was delish. In addition to the entree being so enjoyable, the side of fried plantains was great too. And, it was so much food for such a great price.
We will definitely be back.Hands down one of the best deals in town for the money. Food was really on point and the decour was cozy. I didn't even mind the music videos playing in the background.
The food was just the best: dibi lamb [broiled lamb chops] and the poulet Senegalese [chicken] was but well marinated and juicy. The tea [don't know what's in it] was sweet and delicious as well. Above all, the staff was very welcoming and I can't recommend it enough!The food is delicious with bold comforting flavors. Highly recommended to go down to university city and check it out! I got the Poulet Senegal, which is described as "sauteed chicken with special african sauce". I was expecting chicken pieces sauteed in some sort of sauce. Instead I got a a whole thigh+leg piece topped with this amazing yellow onion sauce. The chicken was so moist and juicy! The African sauce is delicious. It reminded me of Indian style sauces because of the spices used. I loved it so much I ordered an extra side of sauce. It is not spicy but has amazing earthy comfort flavors to it. For my side dish I got the Senegalese rice. Read all about it here in my blog http://www.phillyhourlunch.com/2015/11/kilimandjaro.htmlYou must take the juice! Ginger juice is very popular! Nice Waitress..I'm usually leery of trying out new restaurants however the smells that came from this restaurant made me want to go in and taste the food. During my first visit I ordered lamb and plantain and boy must I tell you it was delicious. I definitely will be back to try more menu items in the near future .So I met some friends for dinner here tonight and I had a lovely time. It is BYOB so bring plenty of booze, tip, wine and spirits is right next door. The food was good and the portions were great. The only issue is the slow and forgetful service. We also spotted a few creepy crawlys on the floor, which spooked us but is probably expected in a place like this. They were missing a lot of menu items tonight, saying they didn't have it. As long as your expectations aren't too high, this is a solid place to get cheap food and put a few back.I'm sad to write this  review because I heard good things about this place. The cashier was also the waiter which she was also the server, so I already knew that there was disorganization here. We waited about 10 min before getting a menu from K our lady of all trades. We were then asked to move over from the counter because other "customer" were ordering/ paying. - whispers...there were only 3 people in the restaurant. We finally decided what we were getting and was told it was cash only. That being said we only got the samosas. We were under the impression it would be about 5 big ones according to the description. Not only was it not big it was only 3 and they were not good. I have had authentic samosas so I was disappointed. It was not remotely similar at all.This place is full on authentic - and delicious! In a little strip mall. Very friendly. Slow because everything is cooked to order. 
Loved the hibiscus drink (non-alcoholic: it's a BYOB place).
Very pretty and relaxing with reasonable prices. Everything was fresh. 
My friend had grilled fish and it was the first time he had ever eaten non-filleted fish. He did a champion job and we both ignored the head lol. 
We shared a delicious appetizer of these triangular pastries filled with ground beef. Could have eaten a whole order myself!
Also shared some plantains. They were delicious though I can't eat many because they are so filling!
My main course was the "Gombo" which was a lamb and fish gumbo with a smoky taste. Loved everything, especially the authenticness of it all. 
They were out of a few items I would have liked to try: a drink made with fresh ginger and the Fish Balls appetizer. 
Loved that I was able to avoid garlic as it gives me a headache. 
The cuisine is Cameroonian.The small strip mall where this restaurant is located and the area does not do this place justice. For anyone reading this review trying to figure out if the food really is African: the answer is yes. If you've never had Senegalese food before it's actually different from Ghanaian or Nigerian so please do not come expecting the same.
Once you enter the place you are greeted by a friendly face and seated immediately. We ordered our food and took it to go. The only downside I may add is the fact this place does not take cards: only cash, but I was prepared for that after reading someone's review. The place has both booth and table seating and everyone there seem to enjoy their food. The prices and the portions were more than fair and generous if you ask me. 
I can't recall if the place is BYOB or not though, but I will try to take a photograph of the menu on my next visit coming shortly. If you plan on coming to the place with a large company I think it can be done; you just might want to call and give them heads up. This is one of those places were you can tell the locals come and hang out.Me and my husband shared lunch here on our anniversary. Food was really good. I had the  chicken thiebouyapp and my husband had the chicken yassa. Service was shaky that day and they only accept cash. We will visit again.I so love this spot.. the staff and the owner are always so pleasant and the food is amazing. I love their fish and fried rice it's my FAV..Had an excellent meal here. Expect the service to be pretty slow, but they were gracious and friendly.
I got the chicken brochettes (French for kebabs) along with the Senagalese rice. Both dishes were good. The chicken was outstanding. It was clearly thoughtfully marinated and grilled to give just the right amount of char. This is some of the best chicken I've ever had. Delicious.
The rice was great as well. It was a short grain served tossed with peas and carrots. Cooked in a fermented bean. It tasted like soy a little but that could simply be due to my palette being unaccustomed to African cuisine.
Having been dissatisfied with Ethiopian food in the past, it was a pleasant surprise that this west African fare was quite appealing and not too foreign for my admittedly westernized taste.I haven't been here to eat in over 4 years so I decided to come because I was craving Senegalese food.
I came on a Friday night and I expected it to be a little busy but my overall experience with a bit disappointing compared to my last time.
For a Friday night a lot of the items on the menu were not available and I was surprised because it's Friday night you would think they would be stocked for Friday & Saturday night guests versus Tuesday night.
Our service was also very slow and that may have been because the server appeared to be working alone. I'm not sure.
 We spent 3 hours there not because we were eating and enjoying but because we waited at least 40 minutes for appetizers to come out and then things just very slow overall. 
 I would say don't come on a Friday night. I think next time I'll just go for the lunch and maybe just order out.Kilimandjaro strikes again!
We hosted a guest this weekend from California and we took them here [as we do all friends/guests now] and the food was just knock-out good! Portions are huge but above all the food is just GOOD!
Gracious staff makes it worth while too.I've only had Senegalese food once before trying Kilimandjaro. Lemme tell you, I was not disappointed! The restaurant itself is really small and intimate which I do like. A lot of customers seem to order out. Our waitress could have been a bit more attentive but it wasn't horrible service. I ended up having the grilled tilapia, because of the good reviews I had read, with a side of plantain. I've never had a full fish to myself before but I really enjoyed it. The fish had a flavor that was new to me -- the closest thing I can use to describe it is lemony but it was very flavorful. Obviously it was the whole fish, so I had to be careful of bones, but I didn't mind. The plantains could have been riper and sweeter. I'd probably try their rice as a side next time. The table next to me got some rice dish with a stew that looked really good. I'm excited to return and try some of the other items on their menu!I had no idea what Senegalese food was, but I love to try new ethnic cuisines and we went on the rave Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed! 
The menu is not helpful (Chicken Senegal is described as "Chicken with Senegalese sauce"), but our waitress made wonderful recommendations. We had the Grilled Tilapia and the Yassa Chicken.
Every bite of the Tilapia was perfectly spiced, tender, and moist. I was poking the last bits of meat from those fish cheeks. The accompanying plantains were delicious as well.
The Yassa Chicken came with a spiced brown rice (definitely worth the $2 up charge over plain white rice) which was worthy of being eaten plain, with a spoon. But paired with the chicken and the wonderful concoction of cooked onions and peppers in a savory sauce? Magic.
If you like spicy foods, ask for hot sauce to be brought to the table. They will bring a Senegalese hot sauce that appears homemade and is nothing like tabasco or habanero sauce. I asked for seconds and slathered it on everything.
For our second visit, the waitress recommended the Dibi and Senegalese Chicken, and I can't wait to come back!
One final note: this is not for the picky diner. You can't be squeamish about fish skin or chicken bones, or bits of fat and gristle, but if you love good food that sticks to your fingers and bones, you will be in heaven!Loved this place.  Visited with my daughter who had just returned from living in Senegal for the second time.  The food was authentic and very good.  The place has a real Senegalese feel.  The crowd is very interesting mixture of students, professionals and West African people looking for food from home.  The owners are very nice.  My daughter enjoyed speaking Woloff with them.  I wish we lived closer so we could visit more frequently.Just to start off, know this spot is cash only!
Came for lunch, for the mafe (a peanut lamb stew) with rice and the ginger mango juice. Really reasonable prices. I wish there has been a few more pieces of lamb in the stew but overall it tasted really good. The staff are also really lovely, friendly people. 
Would definitely come back!Delicious and well seasoned food. I got the crevette (shrimp) and red rice and it was phenomenal! The only thing that kept me from giving them five stars is that they are understaffed, with just one waitress.Authentic African food from Senegal. The food has good spices and flavorful but the Yassa fish that I ordered was not so fresh. Ginger juice worth trying. The staff was friendly and welcoming. Not much parking around the area.I have been coming to this restaurant for many years. It is my favorite African Restaurant in Philly. The people are always pleasant. The location is good. The restaurant is clean and has a nice ambiance. The food is always very good. I look forward to going here every time I get Hungry. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for good food and a nice ambiance. Take a friend or a group of people.Place was absolutely the best. I didn't want to come  initially but I am so glad I had. Now I can't wait to come back.I love this palace since the first time I ate there I have been wanting the Dibi chicken every week now, I love the onion sauce all on top of my dish now, I always ask for extra never loved the taste of onions so much it has a tangy but sweet flavor to it, I always recommend this dish to everyone.
and the Jolof (Pronounced) rice has a spicy taste to it with very little mixed  vegetables, and my preferred drink is the ginger juice, My husband has ordered fish from there and liked it but when he ordered the Dibi chicken he's never ordered anything else after that 
Over all its a very small restaurant and the negative is they do not have high chairs for children so definitely keep that in mind, if they have a crowd your best bet is to order out.
Prices varies depending on what your ordering, and they do not take credit cards another reminder (CASH ONLY)Kilimandjaro is one of my favorite take-out spots when I lived in West Philly. It's a Senegalese restaurant and their baked tilapia is amazing! Each entree comes with a side -- the couscous side is very delicious. Their dishes are slightly too salty to my taste, so I usually ask for less salt.
The service is relatively slow and it's cash only, so I usually call ahead for take out.
[This review is part of my West Philly Memories]This restaurant is one of my favorite places, but you have to love some spicy food. I've tried several things on the menu and still have a way to go. I'm a big fan of the fried rice, Dibi chicken and lamb chops. They also cook plantains to perfection. The waitress will  let you know if they are not ripe, so you won't have any sad surprises. If you love onions, you'll love the Yassa fish.  We've taken out of town guests to this neighborhood who have been to West Africa and Senegal and they absolutely adore it. One of the fun experiences is watching the Senegalese music videos playing in the background. Don't forget to try the ultra spicy ginger juice or the super sweet Kilimandjaro ice tea. The prices are really reasonable. You always have leftovers enough for an entire meal. I've never been to Senegal, but I'm dying to go. The staff is always friendly and they give us a warm welcome whenever we come. If you are weak of stomach, then come prepared for tums or something of that sort, because the food is worth it!!Excellent food, sometimes takes time to arrive but totally worth it.Poulet Senegal and chicken shawarma are absolute favorites,will try Dibi lamb next time.Oh and cash onlyThe ambience of this cash-only restaurant leave a lot (A LOT) to be desired, but that is the small sacrifice you must pay for the eye-opening yassa chicken, a meal that will have you Googling to learn more abut Senegalese cuisine because you will want to come back to Kilimandjaro and frequent their menu.After reading the great reviews I was really looking forward to trying Kilimandjaro.  I'm very adventurous and love trying new cuisines and flavors. I went for lunch there with a friend. Don't be fooled by the menu, it seems only a very few dishes are actually available on any given day. We ended up sharing the thiboudienne and some lamb yassa. The thiboudienne, a rice and fish dish sometimes called the national dish of Senegal, was served with flavorful broken rice, yucca, carrot and cabbage, but the fish itself was tiny, scrawny, dry and full of bones. The yassa, with caramelized onions and mustard was also flavorful, but choosing lamb was a huge mistake. There were four large chunks of bone in an oil slicked sauce with barely an ounce or two of very tough lamb clinging to them. I'd absolutely avoid anything at Kilimandjaro with lamb. For me, the overall problem with the meal was not the preparation or the flavors, but the poor quality of the ingredients. Perhaps they're better at dinner, but we're not risking a return visit.This place is fantastic! My sister, her boyfriend, and I went there for a late lunch. This was my first time sampling African cuisine and I must say that I am definitely coming back to this quaint establishment next time I visit Philly! We ordered the Home Made Ginger Juice, which was refreshing and paired well with the Yassa (Fish, shrimps or chicken cooked with onions, carrots, mustard dijon lemon, green peppers, garlic). We also ordered the plantains and yucca fries as our sides, along with the fried rice which was so yum. Excellent for the price and a must-visit for all you experimental foodies out there who don't mind a bit of spice!Wow, I started this review over a year and half ago and never finished writing it. Good thing I remember how good the food was. 
Kilimandjaro is by far one of the most unique and great tasting restaurants in the Philly area. I've never been to Africa but having traveled all over the world, I can imaging this is pretty authentic dishes. The portions are generous and the drinks they had were interesting (to say the least). I went with two other people and we all ordered something different so that we can have a taste of each other's plates. They were all really good. Only my friend's drink was weird but I guess it's a matter of opinion because she really liked it.
Service was good though rather slower paced. Most of the people who worked here at very limited English proficiency so I'm going to chalk it up to cultural differences that I'm sensing here.
Make sure to call in advance, the time of when they open varies and Yelp nor their website is correct and they're both different.
Parking: Small shared lot or metered street
Price: $12+ per person
Wait: 20 minsAmazing food. The staff is great, the space is small and seating is limited so I've always done take out. The make everything to order so it does take a while but definitely worth itIt's my go to for Senegalese in philly, this place is wonderful every time, it's fairly small so be prepared to wait during the weekend however it's worth it because the food is super great .Talk about disappointment. 
I guess I should start with the fact that my family is west african so when we saw the menu items we were familiar with most and knew what they were supposed to taste like.
To start, the service is s l o w. The ladies working the floor were very friendly but took forever to come by whether it was to take our orders, check on us, being drinks...OMG 
We finally got our food which looked and smelled delicious... And then we ate it and nothing happened. It was not bad... It just wasn't good. It just was. The only thing we all enjoyed was the ginger juice.
The restaurant is very small and very popular which has lead to extremely tight quarters. Moving around the restaurant is a bit cumbersome.
My mother told me she had actually been to the restaurant a few years back and the food was phenomenal. She said it had new owners hence why the food did not live up to the reviews. 
Obviously, I won't be returning but if you decide to go bring cash, they don't accept cards.Food is great but their service can be improved. I called and placed an order and was told it would take 25 minutes until my order was prepared. I arrived after 30 minutes and they told me 5 more minutes until my food will be ready. After AN HOUR my food has still not been prepared and i'm not sure if they never began preparing my order or what but they refused to compensate me even after waiting for so long.The food here is straight up delicious. My sister and I split a plate of roasted chicken with fried plantains, and a chicken chwarma sandwich, and it was more than enough food for the both of us. The chicken was quite juicy and the outside was blackened and full of flavor. Also, make sure you get the fried plantains. I took the advice of the other reviewers on this, and they were not wrong. 
My sister and I thought the chwarma sandwich was the best part of the meal. The only problem was that it took 30 min to come out, so we had already filled up on sweet plantains ... luckily, the sandwich next still delicious the next day. This "sandwich" is really more of a burrito, because it's wrapped in a thin pita. It also is stuffed with FRIES, as well as juicy chicken and cucumbers, and other delicious things. It's not the healthiest thing on the menu, but I'm still thinking about it. 
Even though the food was good, the restaurant did not have a/c, which was kind of annoying. There also seemed to only be one waitress, and she was constantly busy with take out orders, so we had to go up to the register and ask her for things like water on occasion. Maybe I wouldn't make it a priority to dine in here, but this is a super solid take out place at least.I stopped into Kilimandjaro, a Senegalese West African restaurant in West Philly, where I immediately ordered the bissup (jamaica) juice which I might dare to say might be even better (stronger, sweeter, tangier) than any I experienced in Mexico. It's a small place with about 10 tables, each with cushy chairs, and aside from one person waiting on a to go order, at 2:45 in the afternoon I'm the only one here. The roasted lamb lunch I ordered was not available today so I went for a lamb dinner for a few dollars more ($18). The order was quite small compared to the large lamb portions I read about and this particular dish did not come with rice as I had hoped but it was roasted to just the right tenderness with a delicious hot spice that I feel on my lips as I type. I ordered a side of French fries, and though I'm usually quite picky, these ones were delicious and made up for th small portion of lamb. They brought out ketchup and hot sauce with it. In the end, the meal filled my belly just the right amount, and my digestive system is happy because it has that magic of homemade love about it. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to try some delicious food in West Philly.Great Senegalese food. Love the fried fish, extra onions for sure, and couscous. Sometimes lamb is tough but food is always tasty. I enjoy the juices when they have them as well.Horrible service, the food tasted old and sour.   waited 1hr + for our entree.. Got no apology and the waitress ignored us after she brought our food out.  If you truly know good African Food then you know there food suck. We only ate because we did not want to walk out.. 
BE WARNED, stay away..I was in Philly to visit a friend. He, having been to Philly a bunch of times, was always raving about this place since the one Senegalese restaurant I go to sadly shut down. I had to get my fix so we came here for lunch. Man do I miss this kind of food.
We split a few things on the menu and I had gotten in NY before: Red Fried Rice, Fried Plantains, and Dibi - Grilled Chicken. The rice is unique compared to what you get at an Asian restaurant and had a hint of spice to it. The fried plantains is what you would typically expect. The Dibi Chicken isn't spicy as I was used to, but it's something I'd still recommend. Definitely would love to come back again and try the snapper.
FYI: This is a cash only establishmentAmazing food! I love their food! 
Crappy people! Service is terrible!  
I been going their for almost 6-7 years. They stop excepting card after a while. However, they don't tell customer that it's "cash only". They just say that their card machine is broken. It's been broken for 5 years.When I ordered the fish, I didn't expect a whole fish, head and tail on. Regardless, I was delighted! Had to resist the urge to tear open my takeout in the car because it smelled so good. The fish and spiced rice were so so so tasty. Amazing flavor... 5 stars.Great experience. The server greeted & seated us, took our orders. The food took about 20 to 30mins to come out. Food Temperature was good. Love the presentation, even thou I think the plates are a bit small for the amount of food on it. Other than that, the food was great and more than enough. I love the baked or grilled fish and how it's blackened. 
If you want huge portion of good tasting food for a small price, stop by. Haven't been disappointed