I've been here for lunch, dinner, and also for a Saturday afternoon snack. I like how laidback and low key this place is. They also have a pretty good beer selection which is always a plus. For both lunch and dinner, I've ordered the mixed green salad with grilled chicken. It was a good size (same sized portions both meals) and had apples and goat cheese. I love the mix of greens and fruit. Between the apples and goat cheese, you can do without dressing. I always get it on the side and occasionally dip my chicken in it. 
I've also had the Thai chili mussels and Cajun fries. The mussels were cooked well and I was a big fan of the sauce. It was perfect for dipping the bread that comes on the side. The Cajun fries are served with Cajun mayo.. they had a nice kick to them and were just spicy enough for me to handle. 
Since this is in my neighborhood, I'll definitely be back to try more of their beer and mussels. I also can't wait for spring/summer so I can sit outside at one of their sidewalk tables.I didn't love it here.
The food seems decent, maybe a little expensive (almost 9 bucks for eight chicken wings) and I'd like to see a little more variety.  The website advertised daily/nightly specials but the 'specials' we were told about are what is already on the webiste menu.  Lame.
I'm not sure if EVERYONE (except us) in the restaurant ordered fish last night, or if this place always smells fishy, but it was bad.  Like low tide out on the wharf.I love dining here for their outdoor seating and their amazing mussels. The service is consistent, the beer/drink list is plentiful, and the red diablo mussels keep me coming back. 
I've tried their margarita flatbread, buffalo chicken flatbread, kite and key burger, sweet garlic chili wings -- all very tasty but nothing spectacular. The calamari is delicious, but the mussels are their shining star. The red diablo mussels come submerged in this amazingly flavorful spicy tomato sauce broth, yummmmmmm.
The outdoor tables are (rightfully) a hot commodity but I have never waited more than 10 minutes for outdoor seating during dinner time. 
I bring my dog and the servers always bring a bowl of water for him without even asking - great, attentive service!My girlfriend and I stumbled upon the K&K while searching for new apartments in the Art Museum section.  The K&K really made us excited to move into the neighborhood. We live in Baltimore now. Our waiter was a friendly artsy type who had great recommendations for food, beer, and tourist attractions that we could take in before our day in Philly came to an end.  This will be a weekly spot for my girlfriend and I.  For being open only a few short  weeks, I expect this place to get better and better.Beer selection is top notch. Rotating draft list brings us back.
Good decor, good ambiance, friendly ppl. Outdoor seating is perfect on a nice day.
Didn't eat, so we'll be back! It's next to Doma & Sabrina's. Stop in for a yummy beer!Great beer and vibe, and the bar food is not bad either.  I had the veggie burger which was surprisingly good. This is the kind of place that the girls will love to come with their boyfriend on a "laid back" date night to enjoy the open air, or to hang out with a bunch of friends and pound a few drinks.It's not great, but it's fine. I work nearby so my colleagues and I find myself here a ton, and I've probably tried just about everything on the menu. The food's okay, with some exceptions. The fries? Amazing. Everything they say is true. The veggie burger is by far my favorite thing on the menu, and I'm a die-hard carnivore. This place can be super noisy, which is great if you feel like being rowdy. But not so great if you want to have a conversation. When the weather's nice, sitting outside will fix that. Overall, a decent hangout spot.On a Monday night, I came in feeling good and wanted to dance , so I asked the bartender, who was playing sad/emotional music,to change the song to something more upbeat. He declined so I said I will go to the juke box and play what I think is more appropriate. The next day he informed my friend that I was annoying and I should never ever go back to that bad and that I wasn't welcomed. And that if my friend wasn't there he would have kicked me out. What kind of service is that?This place is awesome. Had a great server names Jane. Lots of info and amazing service. Burger was great with little onion straws on it and the Cajun fries to sue for and them to top it off the side if Cajun mayo that I smeared on everything and scraped the bowl with my fries.  Can't wait to come backGood place for some food and drinks! It's a good place to watch sports and to hang out with some friends too! They're food is pretty good and the service was great. I'd recommend Kite and Key anyday!This place was tons of fun. Small, intimate, and reasonably priced. Food was excellent. We had lunch and I got the steak sandwich. Tasty!One of my favorite bars in the Art Museum area. There is a good amount of outdoor seating and the front windows comes out when the weather is nice. There is a bar area in the front of the restaurant and a dining area in the back. The beer list is always good and the food is great. My favorites are the mussels and the fried pickles.  The mussels are massive and served with a few slices of Italian bread. The pickles come with a delicious spicy and creamy dipping sauce. I get them every time I come here. The vibe is really nice at this spot.  A great bar for day drinking!Another great spot in my neighborhood.  Lots of outdoor seating and they open the huge windows up to give the bar an outdoor feel.  Always rotating craft beers on tap.  Only downfall is it's a small bar top but they offer lots of bar tables.Kite and Key is a small tavern that immediately reminded me of Cheers. Dark woods, brass accents and an "everybody knows your name" vibe. There's high top seating, a communal high top table, the bar and regular table seating in the back with a deceptively large wall mirror that makes the space look double it's size. 
My dining companion Ms. Margorie G. and I were there for some quick drinks and eats before a Yelp Workshop. We decided on the nachos with chicken and the calamari. We were pressed for time but our drinks and apps came out very quickly.
The nachos were the agreed favorite with the chips being unlike any I've had in recent memory. They were thicker than most with a crispy but chewy texture. The calamari was presented in a way I also haven't seen before with the battered rings laying atop marinara sauce and topped with arugula. The calamari was fried okay but it simply lacked seasoning. 
That said, we both enjoyed Kite and Key and I would definitely recommend it as a hang out spot and would personally be back to sample their other menu items.Been there twice-my second time being tonight. The first time, a group of 10+ of my friends accompanied me there on a Sunday afternoon, and the restaurant was more than accommodating. The only problem was the smell of stale beer that permeated throughout the bar; but hey, it's a bar, so what should I expect? Everyone seemed to enjoy the food except me. I had the chicken tacos which seemed kinda bland. However, I must say that their beer list is impressive.Review is only for location and Breakfast/Brunch menu:
1st things 1st, this place is a great little Irish/ Tavern/ Pub. It's no where near as busy as Sabrina's (which we waited for over an hour after giving reservations). Plus it's more open, less crowded. K&K is a wannabe sports bar. But, they just don't have the tech for it. They have plenty of flat screens which is really all you need. Onto the food. Their Breakfast/Brunch menu is very limited. With most of the options containing some egg in the them. I had the French Toast and bacon. It was drizzled in syrup and nice and thick slices. It was very filling and good. but you'll notice that the entree itself is listed only with bacon. No eggs, grits, porridge, friut (unless ordered separately). The service was good. Food was fine. Just make sure you get what you oredered upon delivery to your table.Eh, it was good. Came here for dinner with a group of 6. Surprisingly, were seated very quickly. Good size beer list. Our group had 3 Kite & Key Burgers (bacon and onion straws, yes), fish tacos, and a Cobb salad. Food was good sized portions, but nothing crazy. Did like the skinny fries. 
Service was terrible though. Our girl was honestly so disinterested, it was rude and would've deserved $0 tip. Don't worry, we tipped. She didn't even ask everyone in the party for a drink order. She never checked on us and was impossible to find when we wanted dessert and the check. 
Is a cute place and love the murals outside. Probably a better spot in the summer or for happy hour.We had a mini high school reunion here on Saturday. The food was fantastic. The staff very helpful and the martinis and bloddy mary's were excellent. I highly suggest this spot for a bite and a cocktail!!Stumbled upon this place by chance while searching for an eatery close to the Franklin Institute. Charming atmosphere with a nice selection of draft beer. The menu was a small but perfect for our needs. The Cheese plate was outstanding! I never have seen such a generous portion - well worth the price. Will definitely visit again.DELICIOUS!!! 
The cajun fries are a must! They have a ton of beers to choose from and a great menu that brings together just about enough random food items to make it work! Love it!Kite & Key is a  nice little gastropub with a small dining area in the back. If you come early enough, it's pretty quiet, but after 730 it starts to fill up with bar goers and gets much louder.
I came for dinner and ordered a Fried Calamari as a starter and the Steak sandwich for the main course. You get a very gracious serving of fried calamari with arugula on top and a good amount of red sauce spread across it. A slice of lemon would have been appreciated, but that was not included. The large pieces were fried well and not too oily or heavy, I would say the amount of breading was ideal. The arugula was new to me and it added a great flavor to it, but then I personally just really love arugula.
The Steak sandwich was cooked medium rare and perfectly. It comes with a large serving of thinly sliced fries, again deep fried rather well. If nothing else, this place knows how to work it's deep fryer. The sandwich came on a large roll sliced in half topped with sesame and it was absolutely delicious. The Steak still had a nice pink center and the Chimichurri sauce complimented it perfectly. I was unable to finish the sandwich so took half of it home. 
A random side note, the fries were actually pretty good cold. Not something you find often.Mussels were excellent. Very good craft beer selection. Nice ambiance. Near a parking garage so you can actually park!This place is alright.. but nothing too special. 
I was pretty excited though seeing all the awesome drafts.. Monks fleming for $5.50?!
But they tricked me! I was like.. how is it cheaper than monks... guess what? It's a 10 ounce glass NOOOO
Beers are fairly priced though , between 5-8 bucks.
I didn't get any food except an appetizer of edamame $5 and it was a HUGE plate we couldn't even finish between 4 people. For that, I give them +1/2 star
Service - was sooo poor in the beginning. I think she knew her shift was ending.. so..
But it honestly took about 5-7 minutes for her to come over and service my beer :/ Sadness
The second server was much better. But boo to the first server!! :((
Final: 3.5 starsGood beer selection, although, nothing spectacular. The veggie burger was a huge hit with family I was with. I had a roast beef sandwich and I wasn't impressed. The fish taco also wasn't very well liked. Atmosphere is something special. Very good in that regard. I'll try it again, as I believe this could be a fun spot for drinking.I've been to Kite & Key twice I think it is a pretty good spot to wine, dine and hang out. This is a good spot to hang out with friends or colleagues, enjoy some appetizers, grab an entree and have a few beers. 
THE GOOD...
-lot of beer options both on draft and bottle (local micro brews too)
-fried pickles are good
-fish and chips are very good
-vegetarian and vegan options
-the times I went it wasn't too loud and crazy 
-servers were friendly
THE BAD...
-parking can be a pain 
Overall I like Kite & Key. I highly recommend going with a local micro brew. They usually have a big chalkboard of all of the different beers available. The food has been pretty good and I have received friendly service. I'd like to try their brunch sometime!Since it is one of the closer places to where I work at on Spring Garden, I have been here probably a dozen times over the past 2 years for lunch.  
Guess the two thing I would say is that it is a decent-enough option for lunch (not dinner) and that you get consistent inconsistency in the service, quality of the food, and the time it takes to bring out the food.  It isn't that crowded at lunch though so you can always get seated quickly which is a plus if you only have an hour or so for lunch.  
Service ranges from friendly to surly.  Seems to depend greatly although the waiters/waitresses don't generally have to cover that many tables at one time.  Generally 3-4 tables which isn't bad although they can be stretched thin if they only have one server working the late lunch crowd at 1:30 or 2.  
As for the food, fried calamari tends to be one of the better appetizers although they could use a side of marinara instead of just drizzling on the bottom of the plate.  Wings aren't bad either.  
Soups range from 'tasty treat' to 'death by salt.'  I would generally avoid them unless you really want soup.  Ditto the mussels too.  I love mussels and you just don't know if they will come out overcooked here, not cleaned enough, or just right.  Given the price tag, it just isn't worth getting a plate of half-edible mussels.  
Hand-cut fries aren't bad and the sandwiches are usually decent enough although they won't blow you away either.   It isn't a vegan-friendly place but there are a couple of offerings including a portabella mushroom sandwich and a few salads that should tide any vegetarians you are dining with.   
Basically it is a place that has solid lunch bar food or wouldn't be bad to order a beer & wings to watch a Phils' game.  It isn't a place I would bring a date or go for dinner though.   
They also have a nice range of beers on tap which is probably the best thing about Kite & Key but I would never order a beer at lunch while at work (make that two beers).Nice local pub in the Spring Garden section of the city. They have a good amount of outdoor seating which is hard to find for the city. They have a decent list of craft beers on draught. Food is okay. Lively crowd in the evenings.Simply ridiculous.
These guys have pretty much whatever you want. I've been here countless times, and I can say confidently, I've never had a bad experience. Not one. 
Beer -  Awesome craft beers.
Food - What are you looking for? They have food for everyone, and everything is pretty good. They have the best fried pickles in Philly and their veggie burgers are awesome.
Service - When it gets crowded, it gets a little slow. But they are great. And the bartenders are knowledgeable and fun.
If you're looking for a sit-down restaurant with fancy-schmancy linens and a chef in the back from Chopped, find another place. This isn't that.
But if you're looking for a great bar with good food and good beer, and people who aren't full of themselves, this place is great.This is a great place. No frills, but always lively and great food. A true gem.  Try the steak sandwich. The beer list is huge, and while I am not a beer guy, I am impressed.Kite & Key is a quaint, little restaurant/bar that you might pass by if you were walking along the street, but it's definitely worth giving it a try. 
We always try to stop by whenever we're in town. My bf is a huge fan of their veggie burger. Definitely a must try! This time I tried the thai chili mussels, which were delicious! Overall, they have a pretty well-rounded menu. The customer service is decent. My only con is the parking, but that's only an issue if you're driving.The beer selection here is really fantastic and always changing.  Nice neighborhood feel, a good crowd and perfect for sidewalk people watching. Food could use some improvement just stick with the burgers.After a full day of sightseeing, we stopped by Kite & Key for dinner.
The atmosphere was warm and relaxed. Our sever was polite and attentive.
We got a couple of beers (I was impressed with my wife, this past year her palate has expanded and is actually trying beer. Mellow beers, nothing bitter, but she's trying) and something to eat.
She got a chicken sandwich, and enjoyed it. I opted for a special, it was a crab cake sandwich. Very good. The portions were just right and we were quite satiated.Great little spot in Fairmount. They have a good amount of outdoor seating which is great for those beautiful summer days.  I've never eaten there so I can't speak to thier menu, but a great place to grab a drink with friends.Went with some friends for an early dinner and drinks. Bloody Mary was okay, and they have a lot of cool beer options. 
We got fries to start and they were delicious - thin and crispy. I also split the spicy mussels with someone and they were so good (def spicy tho!) 
I got the veggie flatbread which was much bigger than expected, very tasty. Everyone else's meals looked great. The nachoes are huge so I would def recommend splitting them. Felt it was a bit pricey for the ambiance and food, but I'll def be back. Waitress was very nice and the menu has a lot more to offer!Been here a bunch of times.  Decent place.  One experience stopped me from going with 4 stars.  Was there for dinner in September and the hostess was a miserable rag.  A smaller complaint is that during the holiday season, most of the tap beers change to seasonals.  Not trying to be Scrooge but not everyone likes spicy, holiday beers.If i wasn't a local I probably wouldn't venture too far to get to Kite and Key.  But the food is always ok, service has always been below average, except for my server last saturday who was awesome, some dude with a beard who was pretty cool and attentive.  I want this place to do awesome, the owners are pretty cool guys I have known since their Bishops Collar days.  I will go back definitely.Two stars because the veggie burger and other options are pretty decent. 
I'm big on customer service though, (and just generally a cranky person) hence why I deducted another star. We arrived at K & K at around 9:30-ish and waited to be seated. And waited. And waited. The place was packed so I figured it was the late late happy hour folks and people waiting for dinner were seating themselves. A woman sitting on a stool near the hostess post had her back to us so I finally went over and asked her if we could just seat ourselves. I'm not sure if we ever would have gotten seated if I hadn't approached her. 
The drink and ordering process went smoothly. The fried pickles were probably the worst I've ever had. Texture was off and overpriced. Seven dollars for 5 fried pickles? FIVE? No, just no.
Cajun fries and veggie burger are great. Those are two solid options if you're vegetarian. 
Our server pretty much ignored us for the rest of the night. We had to flag her down to order another drink. She was just really inattentive, and I hate to make this about race, but we were also the only black people in the place. It could have also been that we were the only people seated for dinner, but she was also just sitting at the barstool near the hostess table, or maybe because she got up every once in awhile to take drink orders and got really busy making conversation with the patrons... blah, I'm running out of excuses here...
There was also dead roach hanging out between the ketchup and the salt. Sigh. What an experience.Came here for the Firestone Walker craft beer event last weekend during Philly Craft Beer Express.  I also used to come here often, 3 yrs ago when I worked nearby.  Always thought highly of this place... has great food and pretty good craft beer selections on tap.
We ordered a few rounds of different Firestone Walker brews, as well as some others not on the specials menu for those in my party who don't like the heavy hitter beers.  Was nice they had several different selections to chose from.  For food, we ordered several munchies, hummus was delicious, the fried pickles were huge,  edamame was slightly over-cooked but still good, I didn't eat the wings but they smelled good, and the Thai chili oysters were also enjoyed by the folks at my table.   Several years ago, I remember eating a veggie burger that was delicious.  The calamari at our neighbor's table looked huge and tasty, so I"ll keep that in mind for next time.
Overall great place, sometimes service can be slow when they are slammed packed, but its OK if you're just there to socialize, drink some good beer, and eat some good food.   Tip: sit at the bar area.A group of us (about 10 people)  went here last night for a bite to eat and some beers after a dragon boat practice.
Wasn't too crowded and we quickly got a nice big table in the back. I ordered the Kite and Key burger and a Hennepin (sp?). The burger was a decent size and cooked medium as requested. It was covered in blue cheese crumbles and bacon that was cooked perfectly (not too crispy but not chewy). The bun was fresh and complemented the burger perfectly. Also don't spend the extra $2 for the fries-- the homemade potato chips that come with it are fantastic! Definitely good stuff! Comments about the veggie burger and gnocchi were also very positive.
Service was great even though we were a large party. We'll be back after the next practice I'm sure.I've only ever been here for lunchtime/daytime, so I can't comment on the late night goings-on here.
The staff is always wonderful- kind and attentive and helpful. Beer refill-age happens quickly. And the food is genuinely good. Did I just say that I come here for lunch during the workday and yet know how quick beer refills are? Um. Nevermind.
The fries are delicious. The outdoor/up front tables are great. And the bathrooms- some of the nicest in the city. I always make note of bathrooms. 
And the name- how cute is that?This has been one of our go-to spots since they opened.  Great beer selection, reliable food, excellent service.  The one tiny drawback is their outside tables.  The sidewalk seating is a major attraction, but the tables are so wiggly you need to hold onto your plate!
Come on guys, how much trouble would it be to turn them upside down once in a while and tighten the screws?OK, food is amazing. Great environment and great location. However, if you sit outside, beware of the cockroaches and mice! My friend and I walked to our table at around 8:30pm and saw a cockroach. Then, by the end of the night, we saw a mouse and about three cockroaches! The cockroaches were climbing up the walls! I am so disappointed, because I love this place.Kite and Key has some great beers, It's a really nice place to find at 18th and Callowhill, and the food is really quite good. It gets 4 stars from me, however, for the stellar customer service they provide. 
An example-- It was about 10:50 and I had a 45 min. break in an all-day staff meeting. It was about 95 degrees and the sun was baking (okay only 80, but i have a low heat threshold). I walked to my go-to staff-meeting bar only to discover they didn't open until 11:30!!!! What to do? Then I saw that Kite and Key's doors and windows were wide open and the tables were set up. I rushed over and inside, desperate for the relief from work-meeting-overload that only an ice cold beer can provide. It was immediately obvious that while it was open, it was not yet Open. I sadly and sweatily turned to leave, only to be stopped by the bartender's voice-- "Don't sweat it! What do you want? It's no big deal-- it's only 10 minutes." In less than 2 minutes I was seated under a kick-ass ceiling fan with a CHILLED glass ofdeliciously, refreshingly, ice cold, draft lager. (and that's a big deal-- those who know me know i avoid draft beers like the plague unless I know the barbacks). AND THEN, he put on Sportscenter without asking because he saw I was reading espn on my phone! Despite the fact that he was still prepping the bar for the day, he kept my glass full and remembered me when i came back for lunch with some co-workers a few hours later. And made a great joke about my dedication to my job when my co-workers returned to the meeting and I stayed. 
So the beer list is pretty high quality, even if it leans heavily towards Pale Ales and other sundry Hop-filled beverages. Prices are higher than I think they should be, but like I said, this is the kind of place the business people and bigwigs can walk to a business-quality lunch/dinner (if they work on this side of the parkway). The food is pretty fancy and absolutely delicious. 
What it comes down to for me, however, is that they were there for me in the clutch... and really, it's that they went out of their way to serve me and make my day better when they could have just shooed me away.I have heard so much about this place and people raved about it. BIG LET DOWN - We walked in and were not greeted until we were almost at a table. Then it took forever for our server to come with menus. While waiting for our food the crew at the bar was out of control yelling and screaming like idiots. if Ever there was a time for beer to be withheld from people, this was the time. Freakin idiots! Once our food came out, our server never asked us if we were ok, or do you need a refill. The food sucked but what makes this place really bad is the service. I felt like,"if your not white you ain't right." I have not felt that since the early 70s. Soooooooooo - Put Kite and Key as a place to avoid in 2014.The Saturday brunch special was a delicious portobello quiche. It came with a sizable salad for only $8. Wow, that's a good value. The beer selection is excellent. Decent pub fare overall. Nice service.Great beer selection. I've eaten here a few times for lunch/dinner and the food was decent, but not great for the price. It's a great location and the opening of the front windows' is awesome in the summer time - I'll totally keep going back for the beer and atmosphere.Get the Kite and Key burger with the cajun fries. They are great!I randomly stumbled into this gastro-pub because it was within walking distance of the Franklin Institute Science Museum.  They had excellent seating areas, and service was quick and helpful.
The beer selection was definitely of higher quality then most small gastro-pubs, and the clientelle was respectful even though there was college football playing (and the desired teams were all losing.)
Everyone in my party was completely happy with their food selections, which included the Veggie Burger, the Cajun Fries, the Homemade Tomato Soup, The Kite & Key Burger, the Garden Salad with Chicken, and the Garlic Chili Wings.
The server was helpful, friendly, and expedient.  Really not much else you can ask for from a small pub.
The only issue keeping me from giving this place 5 stars was the very poor neighborhood surrounding it, not exactly the place you want to be late at night by yourself.Nice place, happening. Good amount of people, excellent service. Full glasses of wine, great beer. Highlyrecommendedsince sabrina's was crazy packed (not surprising), our brunch crew went down the street to a much less crowded kite and key. the inside of the restaurant was run of the mill (it looks like every irish pub or ~*similar concept establishment*~ in philadelphia but supposedly this place is a canadian pub?) the food was decent and definitely reasonably priced. i had coffee and a spinach-bacon-cheese omelette with home fries for a little over 10 bucks + tip. the brunch menu isn't extensive so if you're looking for a lot of choices and the ability to customize eggs/omelettes then i would recommend looking elsewhere. my fellow brunchers said their food was satisfactory. 
while it was great to be seated quickly and eat decent breakfast food, the service could have been better. almost every table was full in the restaurant, which definitely slowed things down and our waitress appeared to be tending to a majority of said tables. this made it difficult to get consistently good service and attention.This is one of my favorite go-to neighborhood spots to get a drink on a sunny day with friends. The food is decent but probably one of the best veggie burgers I've had. 
I love the fact that I can bring my foster pup, laptop and grab a beer and sit outside on the that I'm working from home. 
I just wish they had a better happy hour, it's kind of lousy. It's a buck off drafts.Went here last night with some friends and were lucky enough to get a table outside.
We shared mussels, flat bread pizza and calamari and everything was delicious. (Especially the bread that came with the mussels, and the waitress was nice enough to bring us more pieces.) Prices were reasonable considering how good everything was.
They had a good sized beer list, but didn't have a lot of light, aka wussy girl beer, that I prefer, but their wine was reasonably priced, so I was in luck.
Great location, and it's easy to catch a cab afterwards on Callowhill, or park if you're driving. It wasn't that crowded, so I would bring a big group here.A great spot for brunch or a few drinks! When the weather is warm they open up the front doors. They always have great service. Would highly recommend if you're looking for a drink on a Sunday afternoon!I'll keep this one fairly short, but it's not going to be all that sweet. I'll start with the good: The service was excellent. Kristy, our server, was friendly, prompt, and attentive, and the food and drinks came out quickly. It was a beautiful day, so we were enjoying the outside seating area (despite the not-so-pretty view of the beer store and the dilapidated Rose Tattoo). Their beer list is fairly extensive and includes selections from such powerhouse breweries as Rogue and Founder's. 
Unfortunately, my grilled chicken sandwich was not up to par. The chicken was nicely blackened and was moist enough, but the Kite and Key is apparently anti-sauce. Neither my sandwich nor my friend's sliders (he got the combo: crabcake, beef, and pork) had any sauce. Who wants to eat a dry sandwich? Furthermore, I asked for honey mustard and the best they had was Dijon. Don't get me wrong, I like Dijon, just not as the primary condiment on my sandwich. Where's the aioli at, yo? They didn't have any other kind of bread besides white, either, which was kind of annoying. No options for sides besides fries, so I gave most of them to my friend... they kind of reminded me of McDonald's fries. 
It's a shame the food wasn't too good, especially considering the prices (which weren't cheap), because I enjoy the setup and the atmosphere inside. They just opened pretty recently, so hopefully they'll step it up a notch.I tried this place the other day. It was pretty empty and the tall heavy set bartender was not very interested in taking my order.   He was busy chatting up some too young to date patron at the other end of the bar.   She looked uncomfortable and I really don't blame her.  and that is coming from a gay man.    I had the crab cake sliders and my boyfriend had the calamari.  The sliders were served on an unclean plate.  - if you can get over that disgust they tasted pretty good -not great.  Calamari was so rubbery it could have doubled as a bungee cord.  
If you want a good experience, don't bother coming hereAnother great meal from Kite & Key. I am absolutely obsessed by their veggie burger! In addition to my veggie burger, my dining companions got nachos, calamari, and the portobello mushroom sandwich. Everything was very good (though the nacho-eater wasn't as impressed as he was last time he got them). The portions are generous, and they were very willing to substitute a mixed green salad for fries at no additional charge. It's amazing how quiet the dining area is compared to the bar area - they did an excellent job with the acoustics at this place! Definitely will be back soon (and not just because it's so close to my apartment)Brunch here was very disappointing, which says a lot, because brunch cuisine is not that complicated. I had the PB&J French toast, which is a unique concept, but it was not executed very well- the toast was 2 thin pieces of bread that were crunchy, rather than being nicely battered. Mimosa was so so. At only $5 it was worth a try, but it was very light on the champagne, which may explain why it was such a bargain. I decided to try Kite and Key with a friend because the wait was so long at Sabrina's next door, but next time I'll wait rather than settling for a mediocre experience.Kite and key is def one of the best gastro-pub/restaurants in the city. The beer list is always impressive, the food is consistently divine, the decor is relaxed and comfy, and the bar staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The only reason I take away a star here is that some of the waitstaff can be a bit douchey - and this was certainly the case on the last Friday night we stopped by here.
About the food.... I've always been a fan of the WINGS here - the sweet, tangy and tart thai chili sauce is a perfect combination for the meaty wings - consistent and satisfying.
This time, we also ordered the BURGER which was almost shockingly good. Based on my pas experience at Kite and Key, I assumed it would be a great burger, but somehow I wasn't prepared for the level of awesomeness that was BROUGHT-ED. I am a sucker for bleu cheese burgers though so the abundant dose of bleu could have contribted. 
Full disclosure: the bf thought they were maybe a teensy bit heavy handed with the potent bleu, but to that I say NAY, perfect meat:cheese ratio was achieved.
The other 2 dishes were specials, but I hope they put these on the regular menu (oh GOD pretty please) because I'm straight up obsessed with them now: FRIED PICKLES and chicken + queso empanadas. Yep, QUESO.
Fried Pickles + Chipotle Aioli
These were thick discs-sliced pickles, battered and served with a spicy aioli. Sometimes fried pickle in disc shapes don't offer enough pickle, so you end up eating a sliver of just batter (village whiskey, I'm looking at you), but these were thick enough to have that juicy briney crunch betwixt the fried (but not dough-y) batter. I couldn't stop raving about these all weekend.
Chicken + Queso Empanada
These also deserves fanfare. C'mon- QUESO! In the empanada! The outer dough was crispy and the chicken and queso stuffing was moist and flavorful.
Need to write to the owner about adding these permanently. YOU MUST TOO! Do your part, all.I really wanted to like this place, because we recently moved 2 blocks away. We went there for the 3rd time last night and I think it's time for a review. 
The two of us went there on a week day at 7:30pm. They took our order at about 7:45. I ordered the chicken cutlet salad from the "specials" menu, and my boyfriend ordered fish tacos. The food didn't arrive until 8:40. I could have gone home, made a salad and ate it in that time (the server kept stopping by every 10-15 minutes, telling us "your food should be out any minute now"). 
The chicken cutlet in the salad was completely burnt. It was black on one side. and because it was dark, I didnt even see it until I had already had the first bite. 
And the Fish tacos were extremely blend and greasy. 
I would have been ok with the long wait if the food was good. But long wait AND bad food? no thank you!One of my favorite places in the area to watch Sunday football. Delicious wings and nachos (plenty of other options too)! Their beer list is great and reasonably priced. Without the bar layout and TV placement, it's easy for a large or small group where you can easily see multiple games at once.I came here with some work friends when the winner of the NCAA bracket pool offered to buy the first round. I tried beignets for the first time, and they were particularly good. The outdoor seating was nice, and if I lived in the Fairmount Park area, I have a feeling that this place would be my regular stomping ground.This is probably one of the worst places on this side of the city. The food is absolutely disgusting.. covered in grease and tasteless. The service is so bad that it's comical. I came here because of the outdoor seating (which is surprising hard to find in this part of town) and immediately regretted my decision. If you want good bar food, walk a few blocks and go to Urban Saloon.Had brunch ...
Polite and fast service. 
I thought the food was well presented and it came from the kitchen pretty quickly too. 
Seemed a bit loud, but it's a pub ... right?
Food was good overall, I don't get the 1-star reviews, I am a snob and found it all acceptable. We need more of this and a whole lot less Denny's. 
Beer with a bacon sandwich? That is winning my friends.The Kite & Key would definitely be one of my neighborhood hangouts if I still lived in the neighborhood. As it is, it's proving worth the trip when searching for a low key evening. It's a really cute little bar with a good amount of tables if you don't feel like crowding around the bar. All of the food I've gotten there has been perfectly edible, if not anything stellar (except for the sweet garlic chili chicken wings, good lord those were good!) Everything else was just all right. Not a huge fan of the fries, but that's a small quibble.
They've got a nice beer list and some cool special events. We didn't even realize they were a) having a special sixtel event and b) tapping Pliny the Younger! until we walked in. At most places there would be an obnoxious crowd for that, but the space and the noise level both were very manageable. Beer prices are a BIT on the high side sometimes ($5.5 for a 13 oz pour of Allagash makes me raise my eyebrow just a bit) but the overall atmosphere, and the service (our waitress was very good about juggling our various beer orders at different times and humoring us when we weren't able to decide what to eat for a while) was worth it.
All in all, it's a nice but still neighborhood-feeling bar that is perfect for a quiet but fun evening with friends.Ate here Friday night with my date - wanted to try this place because I've heard wonderful things about their food and beer selection. It was crowded, being a Friday night and all, but they were able to sit us pretty quickly. The hostesses were very friendly and smiling which is always a good sign to me.
Once sat, it took a bit of time for the waitress to come over and take our drink order, which normally I'd blame on the help until I realized she had about 12 other tables to tend to, so definitely more an incompetence in management that with the service. She was very knowledgeable about the beer selection, and when I requested something that was not on the menu, she was quick to point to a suitable alternative. Again, drinks took a while to get to the table but in no way do I blame it on the service.
We started off with a cheese tray, which usually can be quite tasty and filled with lots of different cheeses and accompaniments to the cheese. This tray did not live up to code, I'm afraid. 3 types of cheeses - a soft bleu, a camembert, and what I am guessing was a cheddar. They were accompanied by an apple, bread, grapes, and some marmalade, the latter was quite tasty with the bread (could have been a dessert by itself!). My problem with said tray is that there were 2 soft cheeses on it. Sense tells us that if you want to serve a 3 cheese tray, you always serve a soft, hard, and medium, and you give an array of accompaniments like nuts, or something more savory. This was definitely more of an after dinner cheese tray, though it was not listed as such. The cheeses did not provide anything to write home about either.
For main courses I ordered a crabcake sandwich (the special). I asked if the crab was MD crab, a simple question, but the server did not know the answer. Again, not saying it was her fault, as this is information that should be on the menu. It was somewhat disappointing, and nowhere near pure crab (could see the filler). The fries served along with it were very nice - hot and salty!
My date's flatbread pizza came out beautifully and the colors on it (was a veggie) were beautiful - bright green spinach, tomato on a perfectly sized pie. Gave the appearance of being crisp, but not overly so. 
The decor of the place was nice - some great seating areas, and the books lent an intellectual atmosphere to the place. Gave off a cozy feeling without being too cramped nor too spread out.
I give my rating of 3 stars because out of everything, the service was a solid 4, the drinks were a solid 4-5, but the food was at best a 2. I'd definitely come back for a visit, but next time I'll be eating somewhere else first.Really enjoyed sitting outside on a warm, sunny day. Great draft selection, veggie burger lives up to the hype, pulled pork was more South Philly than SxSW, but the meat was juicy and flavorful and the sauteed longhots added a wonderful bite. Waitress was attentive and hostess seemed to do a friendly job of handling new arrivals. Look forward to revisiting on the next nice day...lots more to try on their menu.One of the best mussel dishes I ever had!!! I would have drank the broth that they were cooked in if people were not watching :). I will definitely order the mussels again (Thai Chili flavor). Also, the waitress was so nice. Her name was Jacquelyn. She really seem to love kids. My family thoroughly enjoyed our dinner tonight!!!Came here during beer week and had a most excellent time with their beer olympics! They have great staff and very fast service even as packed as they were...nice! Their beer selections were great (even though I couldn't partake :(...they do carry Magner's cider for those of us Gluten Free). 
Really nice and ample seating and a really awesome outside seating set up as well....bring on the warm days!Kite and Key offers a nice, unassuming place for a beer or a bite to eat.  Since it's off the beaten path, it wasn't too busy on Sunday night when we went for dinner around 6.  
We sat up in the restaurant area, where there are about 10 tables, and there is also a bar area right by the door with a bunch of high tops and bar space.  Apparently when it's not storming (as it was on Sunday night), they will open up the big windows in the front as well. 
I had the Franklin Burger, and the boyfriend had the chicken salad sandwich.  The burger was good, and served with a heap of french fries.  The chicken salad was pretty bad - it was completely dry, and was flavored way too much with lemon.  They should take it off the menu it was that bad.  For dessert, we tried the chocolate beignets, which were delicious.  They were brought out steaming hot and served with a white cream sauce and a dark chocolate sauce. 
I would love to go back on a nice summer evening to sit by the windows and have a drink.  Not an extensive menu, but it has a nice selection to satisfy your taste buds.My mom and I had lunch here after a hectic morning.  It was delicious!  We had nachos for an appetizer, fish and chips as an entree, and the beignets for dessert (we split those).
The fish was so fresh, light, and perfectly cooked.  The fries were shoestring, perfectly seasoned, and tasty.  The dish arrived hot, but I took half my plate home and the fries were still good cold.  Nachos were tasty and the beer list was excellent also.  The beignets were a little doughy or too dense, but that didn't stop us from eating them!  Way too much food, but we enjoyed everything.
Service was spot on and the server was a sweetie.  Highly recommend and would definitely revisit.After stops at the penitentiary and Rodin Museum, wanted a quiet locale for a decent drink. Found this spot on Yelp for a good beer list and some finger food before heading back home.
Saturday evening and plenty of room inside. Going through the beer list they have every style of beer on draft ranging between $5-7. Also got the Cajun fries ($5) to share - heaping pile of heavily spiced fries served with a sweet dipping sauce. 
Best part about this place aside from the cheap fare was the jukebox playing nostalgic 90s music. Really made for a fun end of the night bar. Would like to come back to try some of the food and more local drafts.This is my son and I's favorite spot.  Good food, nice atmosphere and friendly staff.Love this place. Bartenders are fast and efficient. Food is good, especially the chicken tenders. Great place to chill, socialize, and watch a game.Came here for a party, guac and chips were good. Company not so much. Maybe I'm at the wrong place. Is this apartment B? I think I'm in the wrong apartment. Where is the beer? Who is John Watts? Why is John Watts' shirt not tight enough?It's pretty average. The drinks are great and I recommend this place if you are not planning on eating anything!This a Great place for good food, drinks and good service.  Living in the area makes this an easy walk to.
My wife and I look forward to going to the Kite at least twice a week.This rating is only for the service. I've been here twice for drinks but have not eaten here. The first time, we hung out at the bar and the bartender was cool and made interesting small talk and was willing to make recommendations. The second time we sat at a table and I loved our waitress. She was fun and welcoming and made jokes with us. There's a good combination of drink options and I took a peak at the menu and it looked good!I have only been here once on a late Sunday afternoon. The place was packed but we were able to snag two spots at the bar. Great draft selection and friendly bartender. The place is large and gets loud. Probably will come again and try some food.Loved our first brunch at the Kite &Key. Just moved our son and his friend into the area and we're very jealous of all the cool spots to eat. K&K has quick very attentive service and my Philly Breakfast Sandwich with scrapple was out of this world! We'll be back soon!Wanting to catch up with a friend I hadn't seen in a while and take advantage of the beautiful sunny day, I was interested in some outdoor seating for brunch. Kite & key has the perfect location to enjoy the nice weather. It is still within walking distance, but does not have much hustle and bustle like you would closer to center city - it was relaxing. I could have sat there all day. 
I ordered the Philadelphia breakfast sandwich that came with some awesome home fries. See photo ;) 
I still need to try the flat bread pizza! The next table over ordered one.  I was envious. I will be back to try it.Yup... good spot. Great for watching a game or as a stop on a Fairmount Bar crawl. Crowd does not get messy like at Urban. Good beer selection and the BEST French Fries in the city in my opinions. Thin, crispy and dusted with just the right amount of spice.The food tastes good, nice menu and nice beer selection. Outdoor seating if that is your thing. Unfortunately there were cockroaches crawling all over the outside wall of the building and running around underneath our table. Sad to say that I will not be going back there now.The Kite & Key is a great place for lunch if you work in the Spring Garden/Callow Hill area. There aren't many options around there so I was happy to come across Kite & Key. The food is really tasty and boy do they have a lot of beer options! Fab for happy hour after work!I liked this place a lot. Wonderfully friendly and attentive server, damn good fries, quality drink list, and the famed veggie burger held up to its reputation.Instead of waiting an hour in line at Sabrina's ( which is good but I am not a fan of waiting) go here! A small Sunday brunch menu but sometimes a small menu is a good thing and in this case it definitely is! If you are looking for a drink to go with your brunch try a Franklin Mary! So delicious!My favorite place to grab a drink.  Can't say enough good things about the nighttime bartenders (Scotty, Gabe and Efrem).  
Love the nachos and the beignets.  It's a great bar to sit and hangout with your friends.So the food here is not bad at all - I would give it a solid 3 stars of A-Okay and would eat it again happily. We came here because the wait at Sabrina's was too long. 
However the service was not great at all. We had a really hard time getting our orders taken for anything and kept having to flag down various people for anything we needed and it took a super long time to get anything and we had to remind and ask them. I ordered the burger and though it was delicious, i had asked for it to be cooked medium and they brought it out well done and at that point i was waiting for so long that i just quietly ate it.
We asked to see the menu that was posted outside because it was different than the menu we were given and they said they are no longer supposed to give that menu out and lost the key to change it outside but are still serving some of the items on there but they couldn't remember which items - very weird and confusing. Call a locksmith and get the menu changed! 
The whole experience was prolonged and confusing and slow. Maybe we caught them on an off day which is why I'm sticking to 2 stars instead of 1 in terms of management and service.Went there for the great craft beer selection, but the upscale bar food but delicious as well.  All beers were reasonably priced and served in proper glassware.  Food was quick and delicious.We've tried brunch here twice when Sabrina's was packed out, and both times were mediocre at best.  I waited to write a review until we could give them a second chance.  
On the second visit, I had the absolute worst breakfast burrito I've ever come across.  It was egg wrapped in a tortilla with some bland enchilada sauce and cheese.  Why in the world would you only put egg in your breakfast burrito?  The guy next to me made the same horrible choice, and just jabbed at the egg roll for a while trying to decide whether or not to eat it.  The burger we got was so/so, but for being cooked perfectly, it still seemed a little dry.
The only thing worth eating on the brunch menu is the peanut butter and jelly french toast, but do not order the grape juice cocktail catastrophe that would appear to be a fine accompaniment on the brunch drink menu.  
The beer prices seem on par with everywhere else in the area, and the atmosphere is good.  I just don't see us giving it another chance with so many other options around.After an educational stop at the Franklin Institute to see the Dead Sea Scrolls boo and I began walking back to the car when all of a sudden my dark passenger reared its ugly head. Suddenly I was overcome with the need for a beer despite an earlier discussion to have a "dry" weekend. And before I could think of a counter argument of why we should go to a bar boo was leading us into K&K.
I'd been there a time before but it was a bit foggy and pretty forgettable so I didn't really have any expectations this. We sat at a long table  in the center of the front bar area and ordered off their extremely impressive and rare beer list. The Phillies (RIP) were on and no matter where you turned there was a TV with it on which was another huge bonus. Plenty of TVs + Phillies + Awesome beer is usually my equation for the perfect sports bar (which K&K is not) but it definitely worked for me. As I realized I was beginning to get comfortable and knew we couldn't stay without something to entertain my date I suggested I buy us dinner.
This is where things go down hill. I got the cuban sandwich and boo got the pulled pork, two of the most flavor busting sandwiches on the market generally. These however were not. I actually had to salt my cuban and the pork sandwich barely had any sauce on  it. When emo bands say I cut myself just to feel we were salting out sandwiches just to taste. 
The beer and TVs were so good that they turned a 1.5 star experience into a 3 star outing. I'll probably be back but just for the nectar.This place just got a fan.
Stopped in for some suds and a bite last night after a viewing, so we were just looking to relax, cheer up, and unwind, and Kite & Key delivered. Huge beer list leaning heavily on the craft, especially in draft form, and I was extremely happy with the Dirty Bastard; normally when a bar has such variety I hop from beer to new beer, but last night I stuck with that dark s.o.b. for long haul.
Food options were appealing, but as a swine lover I had to give their pulled pork a try. Sandwich comes with some shoestring fries that I should have upgraded to the soup du jour, but that was on me and my indecisiveness. As for the sammy, it is loaded with very tender meat, though I didn't get any crispy crust, but sometimes that's a good thing. They also throw a healthy and tasty dose of long hots on the pork that brought the perfect amount of heat to my eats, and, even if it's not my preferred style, a gooey slice of provolone that helped tie it all together.
Friends got the garlic wings, which were very good (not so crispy, which I like, so some of you may need to ask for them well done), with a sweet and very mildly spicy sauce that had lots of breath destroying flavor. We also got a plate of nachos that was okay and great to pick at, but nothing was overly special about them.
I really liked K&K, from the warm interior to the quite comfortable booth I sat in, the night was a success. The only small complaint I'd have was our server being a little strange: his service was timely and attentive, but a few times he came over to ask if we needed anything and when we said yes and turned to get the attention of a friend who didn't see his arrival, by the time we turned back he had drifted off. Still, we were never left wanting for very long, so it is a mild complaint at most.I was taken out by my co workers for a congratulations lunch and I must say I was BLOWN AWAY. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant, the location is very quaint, and I had the most AMAZING vegetable quesadillas. The food was fresh, my waitress was very friendly and prompt since I was on my lunch break, and I can't WAIT to go back.I recently went to The Barnes Foundation & the audio tour took forever!  My friend and went in search for a bar nearby.  We popped into Kite & Key and thought it was pretty good.  There was a golf tour on the TVs (of which there were many), so we ordered some beers and kicked back.  The place kinda smelled like chlorine/cleaning products, which wasn't awesome, but the food & service was good.  My friend ordered the burger & I had the steak sandwich.  Both came out really quickly & we liked the fries!  I'd go back again and try the mussels.  The place was pretty good.  No major complaints or praises.I've been here a few times, most recently last Thursday, and I've always been pleased with the experience. 
Being rather warm on Thursday, Kite and Key was making full use of their outdoor dining area and had opened the doors & windows at the front of the bar to create an inside/outside feel. My friend and I snagged a table right at the edge of the bar/outside seating area, so we were able to enjoy the weather AND the basketball game in a rather Spring-like fashion. 
We went decidedly unhealthy with our food choices and ordered both types of wings (the standard buffalo and the sweet chile garlic wings) and a basket of cajun fries. Wings were quite tasty, and though I tend to be a buffalo girl, I think the sweet chile garlic wings won the night. Beer selections is rather decent as well. 
Plentiful tvs and a spacious floor make this a great place to watch whatever game is on, and they can accommodate groups well. Each time I've been here, there is a fun and boisterous vibe. Great place to hang out with friends, and for the casual date night.How have I not written a review for Kite & Key before? Even more puzzling, how is it my neighborhood and I'm not there more? 
I'll keep this review brief and to the point. This is an excellent craft beer establishment. Aside from always carrying unique brews, they are also involved with Philly Beer Week and host other beer-related events. They are a Philly Tapfinder bar and will always post their events there. 
The food is also above average bar food. You almost shouldn't think of it as bar food and just think of it as good food. It's been a while since I've dined there last, but I've never been disappointed. 
They also have my favorite indoor/outdoor seating setup of probably anywhere I've ever been. If you don't want to sit totally outdoors, but don't want to sit totally indoors, one of their window high tops in the summer is the perfect spot. They have the full length window open when the weather is nice. So it's like you are sitting outside, but can see the TV, which are usually showing whatever game is big. Yep, it's a pretty great set up. 
Kite & Key is a perfect example of the gastropub, beer scene in Fairmount. Keep up the great work!I was really excited to try kite and key as its right on the edge of our neighborhood and the outside seating had caught my eye quite a few times in passing. 
My boyfriend and I headed here on a weeknight and were seated out front (all the way on the right if you are facing the building) After about 2 minutes of sitting there I realized every time there was a breeze all I could smell was garbage. There weren't any other open tables outside so i just moved to the other side of the table and ignored it the best I could. 
The server was attentive and sweet, I have absolutely nothing negative to say along those lines.
The real reason for my 2 stars is the quality of the food. I ordered soup from the daily specials, it was a broccoli soup, it was terribly bland and watered down. 
Next we ordered the nachos, the menu offers chili nachos, but we were told they don't actually sell that item anymore so we agreed to chicken. They came out and were pretty awful, the guacamole tasted packaged and cheap, the chicken was chewy and it was just overall disappointing. 
For entrees we got the fish and chips and the pulled pork sandwich. 
The fish and chips were SOAKED in grease, to the point that you could see it all over your hand after picking up a piece and it's all you could taste unless you poured malt vinegar on top. Pretty much inedible. The pulled pork was dry and the toast was wet from butter, practically soggy on the bottom. 
I can't comment on beer, the selection looked great, but we didn't indulge. If I ever end up back here that might be the only thing I'd try, there are too many great places in this area to settle for crappy food. 
The server and the beer selection each get one star, everything else.. yikes.Came here for a coworker's birthday tonight and I was mostly ambivalent by the experience. While our server was quite friendly and attentive, I found my hot roast beef sandwich to be on the meh side. Points for not using cheez whiz in the tasty cheesesteak spring rolls, though.
My biggest gripe was the extraordinary number of flies in the restaurant -- I felt like I spent half my night swatting them out of my face or from my food. At one point a gnat swam into my friend's burger and I'm not sure if it escaped alive.
I'm sure the biggest attraction at Kite & Key are the numerous drafts they have on tap, but when it comes to dinner this place unfortunately tanks. Save your money for the other competition in the area, because you can get better food and not feel grossed out and disappointed.
ps. what is the "artesian cheese" on their menu?A pretty extensive beer list but no GUINNESS? Alright I will drink a Founders, but you lose half a star! and you lost another half star b/c your crab cake was all filler and no killer. And you lost a whole star b/c you had my hopes high when you had gravy cheese fries on your menu- yet you had the audacity to serve shoe string fries ?! But you had decent mussels.. whowhatafunk making mussel's buffalo style? You did Kite and cheers to that b/c adding blue cheese crumble and hot sauce to anything can only lead to good. Best mussels in the museum district- way better than Belgium Cafe's tasteless bowl of shelled shit, but not as tasty as Standard Tap's and Chickie and Pete's mussel and red sauce- which I could drink by the gallon. Their rendition of chili was interesting and pretty good- no beans and shredded meat. Overall a solid addition says I.Outdoor seating is great and server was very nice. This is as bland of a brunch selection as you get can. Very mediocre food and not a good jump off for Sabrina's being packed. Go somewhere else.Tasteless food. Service was ok. Person who brought our food seemed annoyed when we asked for ketchup. Fries seemed like they were microwaved, breakfast burrito had no flavor (even with the side sauce), potatoes were too salty.I went there for Sunday brunch and was unimpressed. People who were seated well after me were served before me, I had to ask more than once before they finally brought me some water, and the eggs benedict were simultaneously overcooked and cold.Kite and Key is now my local place and I look forward to going here many times in the future. My only trip: the food was delicious gastropub fare, though not exceptional. I can't wait to try a few other menu items next time. The service was pretty good. The beer selection was pretty good. It's a pretty good place!Loved the outside dining this past week when the weather was so perfect. I had the vegetable quesadilla which was so delicious!!
Our server was pleasant and helpful in suggesting some favorites. She was correct!!Went on a lovely and gorgeous Saturday afternoon which probably accounted for the crowd. The decor was nice however the noise levels were way too loud. I could barely hear my brother talk. Granted we were seated right next to a huge open window, it was still extremely loud. 
The food was disappointing. The calamari appetizer was generous but was average. I ordered pulled pork sandwich which was dry and tasteless aside from the jalapeno. My brothers burger which was their signature burger was dry, gritty, and lifeless. The cheese looked like dark orange and was dry and old. 
In regards to their fries, I would have preferred McDonald's. 
It ruined such a beautiful afternoon. Skip this place.Somewhere between really-nothing-special and actively-bad. Probably more the latter because it's such a disappointment as its around the corner from me. 
Just left brunch on a Saturday at ~11. The "Philly a Breakfast Sandwich" with scrapple was awful. My friends agreed. Hard egg, thin slice of overlooked scrapple, cheap cheese, and dry, untoasted brioche. For $9! The home fries were good though. 
Service was sporadic and inattentive.Great beers on tap and a creative menu. I highly recommend.The service was great! Enjoyed the manmosas and the breakfast burger is really good! I would recommend this place to anyone.We always go to Kite & Key after work and we are never disappointed.  The beers on tap fit everyone's tastes, although I will say that the wine list could be updated.  The food is good & shareable.  This is always one of my favorite spots to hit on a warm spring day or cool early fall evening.  The staff is friendly & attentive.  This is definitely one of my favorite hang-out spots.Came for a late Sunday brunch. Close proximity to the Museums; on the same strip as Sabrinas and Rose Tattoo cafe.
Good selection of beers. Lots of outdoor seating was a plus. Brunch menu looked good but ended up with the burger - cooked perfect and enjoyed the bun. It was topped with bacon and shoestring onions which was a nice touch. Got a side of chipotle mayo to give it a bit of kick.
Would def come back to try the rest of the menu. Brunch drinks looked good too - they have a michclada - basically bloody mary with beer...delicious.Great spot for beers, games and finger food. 
Buy: wings, blackened chicken sandwich or Roast Beef sandwich 
Don't buy: chicken cutlet sandwich - dry, thin and not much flavorDecent food quick service!  Kite and key burger was extremely good; but the blackens chicken burger was not to great. It was spicier than expected and a little dry. But I will say the fries were amazing! Friendly service and quick seat yourself seating!Live way too close to this place. Best neighborhood bar on the planet. One word: MUSSELS. I can't get enough of their mussels, specifically the red diablo ones. In all honesty though, everything I have had on their menu is great (except for the nachos, need more stuff). Outdoor seating is great, and the beer list is always changing. Will miss having this as my local bar, once I move out of the city!Went here for brunch twice, take my advice and wait in line at Sabrina's down the street. If you're just looking to hang out and have a few drinks it does the trick. But don't come out of your way for the food. 3 stars because the mimosas were good, service was decent and the outdoor seating is a plus.I had a fantastic experience here while in town for work.  Sat at the bar for lunch and a beer - bartender was awesome, perfect blend of service, friendliness and distance.  Gave me a great recommendation for a bottle shop.  Not a huge list of beers, but a good sized list, but every one of them was a top notch offering.  Good selection of high quality bottled beers too.  Lunch was Chilaquiles ("nacho chips tossed in salsa borracho, queso fresco, onion, cilantro & topped w/ two fried eggs").  Sounds weird, but it was totally awesome.  I would return here in a heartbeat.  Totally recommend.The staff was very nice and we got right in on a beautiful busy sunday afternoon after the Donor Dash. The food was quite good and the Manmosa seemed quite strong. It was an enjoyable lunch but I felt it was a little pricey and I reside in Washington, D.C. where everything is pricy haha. I ordered a breakfast burrito and a Manmosa and it cost me almost 30 bucks. I don't say that to scare you away, but to let you know ahead of time.The service and the beer selection is the only reason this place did not get one star. The draught list was awesome, and the server was very pleasant, but the food was  AWFUL! Words cannot describe how bad it was. We first ordered hummus for an appetizer. What came out was a pile of mashed chick peas with some sort of slime on top of them acting as a cucumber garnish.
The "hummus" had NO flavor or any added ingredients expect for the chick peas. I had to pile salt on for it to even have any kind of taste. 
For my entree I got a basic salad, how does one screw that up? It was very warm, uncomfortably warm for a salad.
It was a hot summer night, and I wanted to go somewhere with a cold beer and refreshing salad.  It was at least 80 degrees in the restaurant and the food was sub par.  I will never be going back there ever again.The pub has food that is expectes for a pub with mostly American food selection and good beer variety. The quality was good but the service wasn't really up to par and we didn't see our waitress for long periods of time. Good place to beer, but not necessarily for food and service.Ok. The GM is amazing. He took care of me and my family all night. 
The wine selections on blends were defiantly something I would dabble in when you get there. The GM (general manager) brought out some tasty samples of cheese, nuts, honey, and it hit the spot. 
I would love to come back here and try more of the food. The GM stated they are in the middle of a few changes for the better and making different menu options.
This place is perfect for a large, small, or date night. 
The lighting is low and gives you that hipster/hole in the wall/cheers atmosphere that made being at home feel. We sat next to the window near the fire place. They have candles lite throughout the restaurant that makes it really cozy and comfy.
If I was you "add": this to your to do's.
Enjoy!!!I received and email from Jim of Kite & Key and I have to say,"thank you Jim." After reading through other ratings it seems the problem is service not discrimination. Sometimes people's bad behavior can be read wrong and from the looks of the reviews you should have staff training. Because of the Kite and Key Management and their response I will try Kite and Key again. Great work and thank you Jim.This was the best veggie burger that I have ever had. Not only was the patty itself completely delicious and juicy - not too thick and not too thin - but everything placed on this burger makes for a delicious (and extremely filling) meal. This is the only entree that I have had at the Kite & Key, but I always really appreciate how many vegetarian options there are - not just one default.
The fried pickles are good - a bit pricey for the portion, but if you love that kind of stuff - definitely worth it.
According to my companions:
Quesadillas are delicious - stuffed with delicious beef. The guacamole could use a little extra lime and salt, but that is easy to correct on your own. The taco salad is huge, incredibly intense, and delicious. The sauce is actually pretty mild, and pairs well.
Overall, this place is a great find. The portions are generous, the prices reasonable, and the location is convenient. The servers are all very nice and peppy - happy to answer questions, and they keep the refills coming at regular intervals. There is a nice mix of ambience - with a classic sports bar in the front, and quieter seating in the back of the restaurant.
We only went here because the line for Sabrina's was completely ridiculous (1 hour wait, for brunch) - and I am so glad we did!What kind of restaurant dyes corn chips to make them "blue corn chips"? If you're hurting for a meal that will turn your poop a radiant blue, look no further than Kite & Key's nachos.Maybe the dishwasher was cooking today? 
I dunno, I've looked through the photos here of the food at K and K and some of it looks amazing. Yet today, the food was worse than that of McDonalds! 
Horrible. 
Eggs Benedict was cold, overcooked, with a tiny amount of darkly colored "hollandaise" sauce (without question, from a package) on top of a hard, cold, long-ago toasted English muffin,.
The breakfast burrito was stuffed with spongy eggs (scrambled?) with little to no other ingredients? I had to hunt for the 5 black beans that were in there. 
My husband had been here before and said his experience was similar so not sure what to think as many other reviewers actually liked this place?Great place! Kite and Key had been on my list of places to check out for quite some time, but I only made it in recently after hearing about their Firestone Walker Sour Sunday event.
I had never heard of Firestone Walker prior to seeing a flyer for the event, but really enjoy sours (and innovative brewing in general), so decided to stop in on a whim while in the area Sunday evening.
I had already eaten elsewhere, so just ordered a flight of the 4 sours they had on tap:
Sour Opal
Agrestic
Bretta Ros
....and one other that escapes my memory, unfortunately.
The Agrestic was my favorite, but I am very happy to report that I enjoyed all 4 beers! Definitely a top notch brewery and I will definitely be on the lookout for it in the future.
Service was quite good, overall. I particularly appreciated the helpful tip provided by the waitress who brought out my flight. She said to drink the Sour Opal and Agrestic prior to imbibing in the other two since the latter were more bitter and would prevent you from tasting some of the complex notes in the former. It's small touches like this that make a place shine, and following the waitress' advice definitely enhanced the overall tasting experience.
All things considered, I am very glad that stopped in and will definitely be returning! I have been on a vegetarian kick recently, so would definitely like to try some of their various interesting vegetarian appetizers and entrees.I will update the review accordingly once I do.Kite and Key has a lot of outdoor seating which makes it a great place for a beautiful evening.  The food is ok.  If you get the french fries, be sure to get the cajun sauce (it is one of the high points). The hamburgers are always good, and while I am not a mussels fan, my dining mates always seem to enjoy them. They will also bring you unlimited bread for the mussel soup/sauce.  
They have a good beer menu which changes monthly (maybe weekly?).  Not the largest selection of beers, but decent if you aren't a super beer snob.Good bar food- we got the mussels and the avocado chicken sandwich. The food was good, fast and good service. No complaints!They say when you are good at something, well, you keep doing it. That is not the case here. The kite and key had the best steak sandwich in the city until they took it off the menu. People traveled from all over and dealt with horrible parking for that sweet, sweet sandwich and now it's gone....RIP old buddy..#bringbackthesteaksammichA classic pub, all nice and open in the summertime. It feels welcoming.
And the jukebox is excellent. Something for everyone (and the group I was there with certainly had eclectic tastes).
I only enjoyed drinks in the bar area, but the menu looked awesome as well. 
The only thing bad I can say is that I'm very embarrassed and disappointed in myself that I didn't pick up on the Ben Franklin reference in the name sooner.We tried this place for a lunch - well just because it was freezing cd and we had no idea of where to go else having Sabrine's full and all booked. The Sunday lunch was not that good as I wanted. Just 2 eggs on portion of nachos with small amount of sauce. Apparently it is just a bar and place for drinking and snacking. Don't go for branches there.I've been here a few times and the food and service is always great. Great crowds and certainly great beer!  The Cajun fries are tasty, and they have great flat-bread. Great Spot!Nothing about this establishment had any redeeming qualities whatsoever, service was extremely slow, the decor was unattractive, and the food was uninspired and unflavorful. Our table also had a tilt that had food continuously slide down it requiring us to pull it back. The resturant at least wasn't overly expensive. The only circumstance in which I would return is if someone paid me.I like coming here for a beer with friends, but the waitstaff is consistently inattentive and the food is bland. I went on a Friday afternoon (only because Sabrina's was closed due to electrical probs) and while the place was full, there were only two waitstaff. This means our server saw us to seat us, take our order, drop off our food and then to bring us our bill. This wouldn't have mattered except we needed some tartar sauce and lemon wedges. This leads me to our fish and chips. They were greasy and tasteless. It was a disappointing experience overall. Come here if you want a great beer, poor service and even worse food.I wish I remembered our initial server's name so that I could give her 5 stars. She was the ONLY bright spot in this dining experience. 
My party changed tables so got a different server before we placed our orders; the experience immediately went downhill at that point. It was obvious that our new server didn't want to be bothered with a large party and it showed in the service. When we complained, the manager was even more indignant. 
To make matters worse, the food was mediocre, at best. No one really enjoyed anything that they ordered. No one had any alcohol so I can't really speak on that aspect of the establishment. Needless to say, I'll never step foot in there again.Excellent beer selection, and hands down best veggie burger in the city. Love it.kite and key is in 3.5 star territory. it's close enough to my place that i can walk to it, there's some outdoor tables, the bartenders have been great, but the servers could use a little work (attention to detail, approach, etc). i'm not totally convinced that the menu is as good as it could be either. i give extra .5 star because of the beer menu..Nice place to have brunch.  We were visiting from DC, and stumbled upon this place when the restaurant down the street (Sabrina's) had a huge line.  Key and Kite had outdoor seating with a GREAT WAITRESS!  Staff was top noch!  The mimosas were $5 each, and I was cool with that.  The food was average.. Peanut Butter & Jelly French Toast-- awesome, but heavy.  I had the omlette of the day, which was 'ight. 
visit and enjoy!  it is within walking distance of most hotels in center city.Nice hangout!
Okay the place first of all is a nice hangout for the Summer with its open and roomy floor plan and opportunity to eat outside as well.
So me and my wife when we entered were greeted right away by a friendly hostess which is a plus. The waitress was not so friendly and her personality was very flat. 
We ordered chicken wings and they were like a honey chipotle type and they were not bad, They were not the worst, but not the very best either. They could have been cooked longer to give them a little extra crispiness. Their fries were good. 
We were not overly impressed with the place as far as the food, but definitely a nice place to hang out.This place has an excellent beer list, and fabulous food. The dredged fries were the best I've ever had, bar none. The ambiance was casual, friendly, a very nice after work grown-up crowd. The staff was professional and friendly, also knowledgeable about their products. It's also located in a sweet residential neighborhood. I'll definitely go again on my next trip to Philly :)No wait for Sunday brunch, mimosas were great, veggie burger was even better. Servers definitely could have been friendlier, but the food came out quickly and was deliciousIf you work near Logan Circle and are spending your lunch hour actually eating lunch, Kite and Key is a Yeah.  We're talking quesadillas, salads, burgers and fried foods.  Bar fare.  Effective and efficient.  We were in, fed and out in under an hour.  The prices are reasonable and if you want to be outside, they have tables available.  I've walked by a few times since and on weeknights the place is busy.I'm in love. The calamari was definitely the best thing we ordered. So much of it too! It was hot and the marinara sauce went perfect with it. I got the bacon wrapped meatloaf sandwich. It was huge and very filling. My boyfriend got the buffalo chicken flatbread. Also gigantic and flavorful. The portion sizes here definitely will not leave you hungry! The place itself is charming and the outdoor seating is very nice.I have been to this place a handful of times, and the only thing that I've eaten that was worth the calories was the hummus appetizer. Everything else on the menu is just meh. The service is also meh. I'd much rather stop in for drinks and to watch a game at the bar. Will pass on any food the next time I'm in.My friend took me here while visiting Philly. As soon as we sat down my friends and I noticed the great beer selection. The waitress was very friendly and kept up with our humorous remarks. We ordered a round of beers, Stone IPA for me. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. It really hit the spot and with a side of crisp fries, I was stuffed. Not to mention the cheap prices for great food and beer. If I wasn't a New Yorker and I lived nearby, I would be here often. Also the fact that they change their beer menu gives you some variety.I have been here three time prior to my visit yesterday. The food here is good and the service has always been pretty good. The mussels red Diablo is probably one of my favorite dishes. I  have taken my out of town vendors here and they love the food as well.  The wings here could be cooked a little better, but I have had worse so no real complaints here.  
I have wanted to bring my wife to this place for sometime but she is not a fan of large crowds, and the place has always been so packed when we drove past. Last night 6/9/2012 my friends had a baby sitter and wanted to hit the town. This was our second bar of the night but our first in Philadelphia. (started at Dublin Square in Voorhees) Being that this was the first time I brought my wife here to place I have been raving about I was hoping the service wouldn't be bad. 
Our waitress was attentive, and not mean, but just had the attitude of it had been a long and night and she was just waiting for the doors to close. I've been there as a server, and figured we just caught her on a bad night. 
Well we are sitting there enjoy our drinks enjoying the night air. A girl at the table next to us starts to scream. We look over and there is a cockroach jumping off her leg. They proceeded to tell the waiter who really couldn't do much about it, and really didn't care. So the girls sit back down, but now the two ladies in my party are on edge. The girls are sitting there and a few minutes later start screaming again; another cockroach. They did not stick around for another. As my party continues to sit and enjoy our meal a cockroach climbs up the leg of my friend after that we paid the tab and got the heck of there. We were eating outside so you are kind of open to the elements; weather, smells, fumes, etc. However the doors were open so it was very easy for the cockroaches to enter the building. Living in NYC and eating outside, I never saw a rat surface as patrons were eating. I know they are there, but if I don't have to see them; I am ok. 
The food here is good, but the incident last night may keep me from there for awhile and that is unfortunate.This is a fine place to stop by for a beer and some food if you're in the neighborhood, but not worth making a destination of it.  The food is just fine, nothing special, but also not quite as good as the pub grub you can find elsewhere in the city.  Maybe I ordered incorrectly, but I did not love the burger.Food was excellent.  Kids chicken fingers was large, good breeding and white meat chicken.  Hot roast beef sandwich was excellent.  Veggie burger was wonderful, fresh large cut veggies.  Went on a Sunday afternoon, service was a little slow, about an hour to get the food.  Great place if you are not in a hurry.  I will be back!Ordered the veggie burger for take out. Asked on phone that they use the brioche bun and hold the mayo. The man taking my order repeated it back to me so I felt confident I would get what I ordered. I picked up the food and when I opened it at my destination, the veggie burger was on a wheat bun with tons of mayo. I couldn't eat it and obviously couldn't send it back. 
Since a lot of vegetarians don't eat mayo, you would think this is something you should opt-in for. 
EPIC FAIL, Kite and Key.Three gals went out for a late dinner - we had the following
Edamame appetizer (more than enough for three to share)
1 extra dirty dirty gin martini (extra olives)
2 Magner's Hard Cider
Vegetable Flatbread (huge - plenty of leftover)
Kite and Key Burger (without onions), Medium Rare
Caesar Salad
Edamame was delicious and there was plenty.  French fries with the burger were a bit overdone.  Burger as ordered Medium Rare but was more Medium.
Waittress was attentive and, overall, the food was good!  We will definitely be back.Mediocre food. Mediocre service. The portions seem big (or maybe the plates are small). Nothing too remarkable about the food.After finding Doma and Sabrina's closed for dinner, we resigned ourselves to eating at Kite & Key...and were pleasantly surprised.  We started with an order of Edamame (generously sized portion that was perfectly salted) and then both ordered off the specials menu.  I loved the freshness of the Chickpea Salad and we agreed that the spicy, juicy chicken in the Blacked Chicken Club was great.  We'll be back...even on a night when the neighboring restaurants are open.We stopped in here for a late dinner on a Friday evening, while they were still busy.  At this point, it was working towards more of a drinking crowd.  The staff was able to seat us promptly and drinks were not too long to arrive to the table.
The overall decor and layout was pretty nice, however the overly loud tables near us were not so nice.  Hell, it was a "late dinner", but far too early for people talking/yelling so loud, think 9:30 p.m..  Oh well.
Anyways, the food came out with a moderate wait time, it was a burger and a cheese steak for us.  Both of them were fairly tasty, but what was kinda weird, was the cold grinder roll, likely had been frozen !  Other than that, the meat on both sandwiches, fries, cheese, etc. were just fine.  And the component that helps keep them at 3 stars for me is the solid beer list.  Both great local and not so local beers featured.  Any restaurant that serves RR has an on-point beer program.Great little Bistro. Need to bring back their cheesesteak! Other offerings are very good also but missing that cheesesteak...Awesome Beer, Awesome Food, Awesome Service.  This is my local hangout since we moved to Philadelphia.I'm glad that this neighborhood bar is doing well, has a loyal customer base, and serves a variety of beer and exciting menu items. I was really happy to see it full of people on a cold Wednesday night in Callowhill. 
I ordered the veggie burger, which I saw was rated best in Philly at one point in time. It was actually really delicious and had great bread, a topping of mushrooms, carrots, and alfalfa sprouts, and a juicy inside. The fries were underseasoned and not crispy at all, and highly reminiscent of McDonald's fries. 
My boyfried ordered a medium rare burger and received a well done version that lacked much flavor, and was way too dry. We ordered two beers and ended up spending more than $40 on the meal after tip. For a pretty unsatisfying burger, that felt like a lot of cash to give up.
Since it's so closeby and has a nice atmosphere and beer list, I will most likely be back to try the food once again, but for now it's just a 3 star experience.Have come here a handful of times for lunch or dinner, and my most recent visit was no different than my previous experiences, excellent.
The food is very delicious, it has a comfortable feel, and the servers do not over-impose into your experience. Absolutely will return, and recommend you give it a shot if you have not yet.I like the Kite quite a bit.
Friendly staff, and knowledgeable about their beers and cocktails.
The owners are usually mingling in the crowd on most evenings, which is cool to see. They seem to care about the place and really "get" beer. So it gives the sense that this isn't just a business to them it's a passion. Which is cool to see.
Food selection has always been strange here.
Flatbreads, burgers, & muscles are the favorites by far for everyone.
But I can't speak highly enough of their specials.
Every time I'm handed that specials menu I order something from it and am always glad I did.
When the Cuban sandwich is available, I encourage everyone to order it. It's fantastic!This is a fun place to have a cocktail or a nibble. We didn't eat but the muscles looked amazing as did the French onion soup. The only reason why I selected 4 stars was that it was so loud. I could hardly have a conversation while I was there. The service was prompt and very friendly.I still really want to like this place... I hope we just caught them on a bad night...We were in town for the  Collegiate Rugby Championship- CRC  and Can you believe a bar turning down a rugby family willing to drink the local brews on tap???? Although this place has a great atmosphere with lots of people enjoying the vast beer selection on the patio (which is what drew us in)... its a tad out if the main stream in a part of town that people told me was a bit seedy which the best kinda place to sample the local flavor of a new city (in my opinion)... However the bar tender was extremely rude and very un accommodating and Honestly we felt a bit discriminated against. . For one if my first places I visited my first time to Philly, thankfully it was the exception to this great town. With the many beers on tap during this BEER WEEK the bartender refused to accommodate  us with a beer flight or samples we were willing to pay for... My dad & I (serious beer drinkers) always willing to try local brews wanted to sample the local brews but were not familiar with the local and eclectic brews available... I was really hoping for a better experience... Please let me know if you visit this place and I just caught them on an off night ;which does happen)
CheersCool place to grab and drink and chill with friends, but not sure about the food.
The beignets here suck. There's no other way around it. Why're almost like Dunkin donuts cake munchkins that were fried to death. Very dense. Watery chocolate and creme dipping sauces. Definitely not worth paying for.
That being said, they have a nice list of drafts, the service is nice. 
I'd come back for drinks, but not for foodCompletely racist, we arrived and the bar was full so we sat at table and was never serviced. I had to order from the bar and I still tipped well! 10mins after our arrival another couple not like me entered and also sat at table and was immediately waited on smh. Plus I wanted to play music on the Juke box only to find that a specific types of music had been banned!!! Wth? Really. Needless to say I will never return nor will I recommend this place weird.The service was excellent!
I had the fish tacos, which were a bit to spicy for me, but they were made well.  They could give you more than the one small piece of fish though in each taco.
Hubs had the chicken sandwhich, which he loves.  He also got the garlic wings as an app which were good.A great bar!  I didn't eat anything here, but the food looked and smelled fantastic.
The bartender we had (Scotty) was informative about the beer and was a fun guy to talk too.  Didn't try to but into conversations too much, but was there for a good laugh and we had a great time.  Definitely a great place to grab a beer and watch a game!I really like the Kite & Key, it is most definetly one of my favorite places to grab a drink in parkway/springarden area.  Awesome beer selection, really great food.
They even have a few beers every now and then that I've never had before (which is a hard thing to do, lol), a flemish sour ale, and a beligan sour ale, both extremley good, in addition to having founders apperances every now and then, which in my opinon is one of the best breweries in the country.
...I will absolutley be frequenting this place...I just ate here for the first time and had a great experience!  There were tons of beers available both on tap and bottled.  Our waitress was friendly and very knowledgable.  She recommended a delicious draft beer to me and had no problem answering any questions we posed.  The burger I ordered (Kite and Key Burger) was amazing.  I definitely plan to come back some day!I couldn't ask for a better neighborhood pub.  I love their beers and their veggie burger is out of this world.  The back dining area can be cramped and excessively loud; I find I have the most fun when I sit at the bar for dinner.  The clientele seems to primarily be the 20 to early 30-somethings.Nice place, nice prices. It had a cool look, lots or antique books everywhere. I got a chicken sandwich and fries and I split with a friend. It was a nice size and filled me up. Good way to only spend $5 per person! Only con was it was a little loud. Otherwise nice place.This place only merits a 3 star review because of the chill atmosphere of the bar. If you're looking for a good, flavorful meal, go somewhere else.
I came here for Saturday lunch with some out of town friends. We actually only came here because the wait for Sabrina's was deathly long and we were in an empty-bellied hungover state. The service was SLOW. The prices are somewhat high ($10 for a grilled cheese and bowl of tomato soup?!), and the food took an hour to get to our table. I think there was one waitress for the whole dining room and bar area. While she had a friendly demeanor, there was nothing she could do to redeem the misseasoned food and tortoise-like efforts of the kitchen.
The menu items were theoritically delicious, but were flawed in actuality. My friend ordered the breakfast burrito special, which was nearly ruined by the surplus of cilantro... and it was served with french fries. Really? Weird side for a breakfast burrito. I got the portabello mushroom buger which I found to be delicious. My boyfriend ordered the steak sandwich and said the seasonings were horribly off for a sandwich with so much potential, but the steak was good. Another friend got the Margherita flatbread, which was okay: the sauce was very sweet and semi tangy. The french fries, which I was looking forward to most were way too crispy and plain.
All in all, the atmosphere was neat, but the food and slow service were a deal breaker.Definitely try the buffalo mussels they have. I like the how they can open up the front of the restaurant to get fresh air in.This is one of my favorite bars in Philly during the summer. Great to sit outside and have one of their great selections of beer and mussels. They have other great food and the atmosphere is always great. I recommend this bar if you are looking for something less crowded and in a more calmer area.I am on the fence with this place. I feel they could be a lot better but just seem to fall short. 
The beer selection is great but there was only one cider on the menu and the mixed drinks that were ordered were weak. The food was all over the map ranging from just ok to over cooked and dried out. The burger ordered medium rare came out well done, the blackened chicken on the taco salad was so dry it had the texture of paper... burnt paper. The jalapeno dress for the taco salad was good though. Service was ok as well, she was pleasant & quick to respond initially but as the place got more busy we were having to flag her down for things.I happened upon Kite & Key one night after getting bumped from a flight home.  Spending a night in Philly is not so bad, so I set out to scour the pubs.  (Yeah, surprising for me, huh?  OK, maybe not.)
I had spent some time just driving around, but when I saw the Kite & Key's facade, it immediately beckoned me in.  It was a warm winter day, and the open garage door with patio seating seemed perfect for a pint.
And I was NOT disappointed!  Kite & Key has a great variety of quality craft drafts.  The clientele and staff made me feel right at home, and I quickly struck up a conversation with the mate next to me, asking him, apart from Kite & Key, what was the best pub around?
I was very happy to see that I did not need to qualify or elaborate upon that question.  This is a PUB, forgodssake, and these are Pub People, with an easy unspoken camaraderie that suffused the air, pint by pint.  The lively and convivial conversation that followed gave me a sweeping virtual tour of the best pubs in Philly, and everyone had good points to support their case.
After a couple, I left to be on my exploration.
If you find yourself in Philly, please make Kite & Key a stop in your crawl.  You will not regret it.Awesome selection of beer on tap and great food.Very good mussels, blacken chicken sandwich and Cajun fries. Also fish tacos are very good to the service is very nice.When this place first came around to my neighborhood, I went there maybe 3-4 times in the span of a couple months. It later lost its novelty and its somewhat awkward location precluded me from returning. I just went back today and had brunch there. I was not surprised that the brunch was good, I ate the eggs bennie's and someone else in my party had french toast. We were sitting around watching the Eagles play pretty much all afternoon. I was smiling from the flavorful Bloody Mary cocktails. 
I will probably reacquaint myself with this place for dinner or for evening drinks.Kite & Key is my favorite bar in Fairmount for two reasons: great beers and really great food. They've always got unique tap takeovers. 
Top picks for food include the wings, diablo mussels (the broth is ridic), and nachos. The veggie burger is super rich (it's basically a deep fried homemade patty) and I've heard their regular burger is great too. 
Note: It's a big space but can get pretty loud. Ask for a table near the back if you don't want to have to scream over your friends. Also, you can now order food between 3 and 3:30 (the kitchen used to switch over, but now it's all the same).I have been going to this bar for few months now and have been treated like trash every time I am here past 7pm. I was a server and I would have never treated my guests like Kite & Key treats their guests at night. Our server this evening, and three days ago, was very impatient throughout our ordering process and then insisted that we pay right away as soon as our food hit the table. after trying to enjoy our dinner, and her coming back to get our check, she then sent someone else over to try to get our check (while we were still eating). we would have ordered more drinks from her (and tipped her 20-25%), but she was so rude to us and insisted that we leave, that we could not do such a thing. please, if you end up at kite & key, do not go anytime at night because you will have bad service.Came to Kite and Key this morning for brunch when the line was too long for Sabrina's.  This Fairmount bar has many advantages over its brunch rival a few doors down: outdoor seating, a liquor license, and portions that won't double your girth in one sitting.  However, while the service was fine, the food wasn't particularly memorable or as good as other brunch places in the city.
I had the classic breakfast with scrapple, while the BF opted for the Veggie Burger (highly rated by everyone on Foursquare).  My eggs, potatoes, and scrapple tasted totally fine; no complaints but no real highlights either.  His veggie burger on the other hand was very good, something I will probably order the next time I come back (if I come back).  One other thing to note: the glass containing my mimosa wasn't cleaned throughout, but I haven't gotten sick (yet).  Still, kind of unsettling.
Nonetheless, Kite and Key is a good neighborhood bar, but probably not worth going out of your way for.The Kite and Key is exactly the kind of place I would go every day if I lived closer.  And drank beer.  Don't hate.
What I would most like for you to understand, though, is how DELICIOUS the food is.  I eat out vegetarian and it is sometimes difficult to find a good veggie burger AND fries on one plate.  Kite and Key has HANDS DOWN the BEST VEGGIE BURGER.  It comes with sprouts and cheese and some yummy sauce and mushrooms and it makes me want to just go here alone and enjoy it without having to pause in the deliciosity to pay attention to whomever I am with.
The fries are thin, which isn't even my favorite kind, but DAYUM, GINA, they are perfectly salted and crisped so make me just want to eat them by the handful.  Which I sometimes do.  Again, don't hate.
I have also eaten the Fried Pickles which are thick cut and come with Chipotle Aioli.  Not only is aioli a terrific scrabble word, but it makes the fried pickles even MORE delicious than they already are.  
The Veggie Flatbread has also served me well in the past with it's thin but sturdy crust and perfectly cooked veggies.
This place is super chill and while the staff are usually hipstery in a very obvious way, they don't try to force it on you, which is more than I can say for pretty much any place in NoLibs.Came downtown today with the family to go to Franklin Institute. We decided we wanted to go somewhere other than FI. We picked Kite and Key in part on the name and the reviews here. We were not disappointed. Service was prompt, we sat near the bar and the bartender served us. He was friendly and nice to the kids.  Food was great. I had the burger, wife had the mussels which were outstanding. The broth was so flavorful and the mussels cooked perfectly.  Kids shared the margarita flatbread which they devoured. Overall a great lunch and nice change of pace from typical museum cafeteria food.Food is good and bartenders are attentive. Great location when they have the windows open and also have a patio area. Nice for games as well they have a few TV's around the bar areaI have not heard much about this spot. That, and the fact combined with it's an inconvenient (for me) location are the two main factors I've never made the trip. But I'm here to try and convince you not to make the same mistake.
It's always nice to see a good beer bar, and especially one that is close to me and open for lunch. The Kite and Key impresses on two beer fronts: reasonable prices and excellent selection. Dan stayed with the $5 16oz Hennepin pours, while I had my first Nugget Nectar of the season (on cask) and Bell's Double Cream Stoudt ($6 apiece, I believe). Their website isn't updated as often as the taps, but it gives a good idea of the type of variety offered. It's almost exclusively American craft beer, which is right up my alley.
The food menu offers standard dishes. The menu opens up during dinner, with the menu almost doubling in size. We split an order of wings to start. We were served large, breaded hot wings. I wasn't impressed with the wing, sauce, or price ($8.5 for seven wings). Must miss.
My entree was an order of three fish tacos. The presentation and portions were good, but the flavors were lacking. It was good, nothing else. I understand that this dish is something that should only be ordered within walking distance of the beach, but it could have still been better. Dan ordered one of his favorite entrees: fish and chips. A plate full of shoestring fries was topped with several large pieces of breaded grouper. I like the choice to use grouper because it's a more flavorful fish than cod or haddock, which are commonly used by other restaurants.
The atmosphere here is great. There are several TVs with different sports on, including hockey and club soccer. The bartender provided great service. Granted, we were two of five in the whole place. I'm sure the environment changes quite a bit on a weekend night.
Bottom Line: I was impressed with my first stop at the Kite and Key. They might not have the food to make me keep coming back, but they certainly have the beers. I'm glad to have discovered another respectable stop in the seemingly barren Logan Square/Fairmount area (but there are a few great ones, to be sure).I was in town visiting staying at the nearby Embassy Suites and stumbled across this place. It was late on a Thursday and my sister & I were looking for somewhere to get some food & drinks. We turned the corner on to Calloway St and saw this place. It was really busy for 11 p.m. on a school night (good sign!) so we stopped in. My sister ordered the hummus and I got the fish tacos. I was pleasently surprised with the tacos. I was glad they didn't come lathered in cheese & sour cream, they actually had an interesting salsa verde sauce instead so they were somewhat healthy (a plus!). The hummus was pretty decent as well, up to par with some mediterranean places I've been. And I had my first Yuengling that night. Having grown up in the midwest and lived in Chicago for the past 8 years, I'd never even heard of this beer. Such a shame - it's a pretty tasty lager (I had many more over the course of the weekend!). And if I hadn't been on vacation with my parents & 7 yr old niece, I would have come back on Friday or Saturday to sit outside and drink more. I'm guessing this place gets somewhat lively on the weekends!Great service, great food and beer. Had a variety of appetizers. Amazing burger, fries, mussels. Would definitely go again when we're in the area!I visited Kite & Key with my aunt for lunch around 12:30 on a Friday.  She was already seated when I arrived in the back of the restaurant which sits up a few feet from the main bar area.  Our server came over quickly and took our drink orders.  They had a nice variety of beer on tap and in bottles.
For our appetizer's we shared the Red Diablo Mussels and fried pickles.  The broth the Mussels were in was awesome.
For lunch we both had burgers.  They were very good.  During our meal the service was fantastic and all the employees were very nice.  I would return to Kite & Key again if I'm in the area.Whilst I am an outside dining fan, the space is plentiful. Whilst I am a dining and drinking fan, the service is spotty, and the food mediocre....Perhaps one has better service inside, but with a large outside space, service should be just as good. Perhaps I'll stumble there again after I've eaten and already have a buzz....I wandered over to Kite & Key Saturday morning after realizing the brunch place close to it was going to be over an hour wait. It made me wonder how many other Saturday morning patrons at Kite and Key were there for the same reasons...
I've been to this place before but just for drinks-- and their beer selection is usually pretty decent. However their food was very much just the standard bar food. I think they try to add little twists to make it a little more special, but it's nothing that wows you. Wish I could say something more funny or useful but I guess it just reflects how this place wasn't terrible or super great.We had the Buffalo chicken egg rolls, fried pickles and calamari with a couple of beers. Everything was delicious and the staff was very attentive and friendly.If their food is as good as their phone service was rude you're in for a treat. Wanted to try it for the first time so I called to see what time their kitchen was closed. Received a reply with a major attitude "it's on the website".  Crossed that option of my list immediately. Check yo self before you wreck yo self.Kite & Key is a friendly new pub without a lot of pretenses. Their beer list ranges from Yuengling to St. Bernadus, and they have a modest, but sufficient menu. So far, its a welcome addition to the neighborhood.First time I wished Yelp offered the "half star" because they probably deserves 3.5.  I really like Kite and Key-- nice service staff, great beers and decent food, but it never really wows me. One beer currently on tap that does wow me is a Farmhouse Saison. Delish saison-styled beer. To top, they offer $1 off all drafs from 5-7p happy hour.  
Food is good. I reccomend eating an appetizer opposed to a full-on meal.  Nachos have a unique twist: black chips topped with Mexican Chorizo sausage, chunks of avocado and Chihuahua cheese.A Monday night and one of my favorites on the block, Doma, was closed (should have known!) so I went to Kite & Key.
Shared a flatbread margarita with my friend Jules. Thin, crispy and good.
Had the mussels in white sauce (oil,garlic,etc.). They were very small but portion was large and they were cooked well.
Even tried a draft. Not much of a beer guy but it is basically a bar so it would be rude not to!  They put on the Flyers game for me as well.
A good experience. Friendly, efficient service and a good bar with food.Dining data March 8, 2014 for dinner. 
The chicken cutlet sandwich was excellent. My wife had the steak sandwich and really enjoyed it. Plenty of Yards beers on draught to choose from. The only negative is the bar is so loud it is difficult to have a conversation with feeling like you are yelling. 
Servers and hostess were friendly and attentive. The prices are good considering the location so close to down town.My friends and I visited Kite and Key this past weekend for brunch after riding around the area.  It was a beautiful day, so we chose to sit outside.  We all ordered drinks-  I got the Transfusion (yum), my friend got Franklin's bloody mary, and another ordered the Michaelada-all three drinks were delicious.  Our server was attentive and friendly.
For brunch I got the quiche of the day and a side of bacon.  The quiche was portabello and spinach, and I have to say it was pretty tasty.  The side of bacon was cooked perfectly.  Yum.  It came with a huge, fresh side salad lightly dressed with a house vinaigrette.  One friend got the classic breakfast, and said it was good but slightly overpriced, and the other got the spinach, bacon and parmesan omelette and said it was delicious.  
I like Kite and Key for the outdoor seating and the fact that it's not located on an ultra busy street... and if in the area, I'll definitely go back.One of the best veggie burgers I've eaten.  You can tell they make it in-house.  This is a nice neighborhood hangout.Just tried this place.  Decent beer selection, mostly priced $5-$6 (more for the ciders, etc).  Small selection of dishes, but good food overall.  It seems like it will fit in well with the neighborhood.
The front doors open up to a large outdoor seating area, which is very welcome in the city in the summer months.
My biggest complaint is that there was nothing on the walls to absorb the sound, and it was very loud and hard to hear the waitress and other people at our table.Went here for Sunday brunch and we had a wonderful time. The outdoor seating was lovely, the server was great, and the food was a classic brunch. The menu is limited, but my partner and I were both happy with our meals. I ordered the belgian waffle and he had the western omelet. Kite & Key is a great option to get a hearty brunch before heading out to the art museums.Nice place! Very accommodating, even during busy times. We had a large party of about 20 people and it was difficult to get reservations elsewhere but, Kite & Key were very helpful. 
Food was good, portion sizes were fairly large and beer selection was great!Love it. Love the scene, the beer list, and the menu. 
Yummy hummus, yummy pulled pork sandwich, yummy steak sandwich.I'd like to come back on a less hectic Friday night. I felt like it has great potential - awesome draft list, great bartenders, and good food. However, we did put our name in for a table for 6 and were told at 20 minute wait at most. Over an hour later, if I hadn't already had several beers, I would have been angry. We finally snagged our own table in the main bar area. Great pub food - the buffalo mussels with blue cheese were amazing. Mostly since the broth at the end was amazing. Buffalo flatbread was also very good. Fried pickles, not so much. They should either be fried spears, or slices. K&K's had a TON of breading and not much pickle. Dipping sauce was crazy thick.Stopped in with a group of friends for Sunday brunch.  To my surprise we were able to get in immediately and find parking with no issues.  The service staff was very attentive.  I ordered the veggie burger after reading all the reviews and I was ecstatic that it met my expectations.  The burger was amazing.  My only complaint was that there was so much shredded lettuce that I had to literally scrape it off the sandwich...total overkill.  Other than that it was great as were the ton of fries that came with it.  Everyone in our group enjoyed their food and the atmosphere.  We will definitely be back.  Great food with good prices. Win!Food tested: beignets, chocolate bread pudding, veggie burger 
Positive: nice decor, awesome veggie burger, and delicious desserts 
Negative: beignets have a harder shell than I would hope for.  Grand Lux's beignets are a lot better.
Overall: good place to go for a solid vegetarian meal and dessert 
Revisit: yes
Health tip: go for the veggie burger minus the cheese.