Love, love, love this place.  The staff is so friendly and fast with great customer service.  They always make me feel like a regular!  My absolute favorite spot in Philly for breakfast on the go.Awesome staff, great options, creative menu with a bagel of the day and a morning special. Pretty expensive, but absolutely worth it if you're feeling spendy.I love pastrami spiced it love how it's kinda peppery but not overpowering. I'm a fan I'll def try another non traditional variety. We also ordered Togorashi and morracan spiced apricot ( it has apricot and very fragrant bagel) I love smelling each one of them before I ate them!!!So I just moved to Society Hill after spending a combined 7 years in West, Fish, and South. And while I am loving my new digs, unlike my former neighborhoods, Society Hill sometimes feels a little too fancy for me, like I don't quite belong. That's until I became a regular at Knead. 
It's basically 'Cheers' for bagels. (You guys should totally use that in your marketing.) 
But seriously the bagels and different cream cheeses and sandwiches are amazing enough but the excellent customer service puts it over the top. Every morning I go there it puts a great start on my day. And as a newcomer to this neighborhood, it made me feel like I had finally made it home. 
Ok enough sappy sap. 
Here's what you get:
1. Fennel bagel with roasted tomato cc. Literally my favorite thing ever. You gotta get it. 
2. Always try the special. If it sounds like you'd like it, try it. You miss all the bagels you don't eat. (You can use that line too.) 
3. Corned beef with health salad. As someone who used to work at Famous and who is still mildly obsessed with their health salad, lemme tell you this sammie is LEGIT. 
I can't even describe how much I love this place. Thank you for existing!Great place!  Interesting flavors, nice clean environment and friendly owners. They even gave me a few free bagels for later. I'll be back!I think I might have just found out how I'm going to carbo load for the Philly marathon. These might actually be the best bagels I've ever had in Philly. (I know. It's a strong assertion.)  I actually didn't get to go to the store itself, but my coworker brought a bunch in for a taste test. We got to try the Porcini, the Moroccan Spiced Apricot, the Black Sesame, and the Poppy. Seriously, these bagels are exactly what I look for - super soft and fluffy in the middle, with a nice tough exterior. (Fat kid alert.) The Moroccan Spiced Apricot was probably my favorite because it was so unique - sweet, but not too sweet (And I'm one of those people who hates sweet things mixed in with savory. So you know this was good!). I was honestly a little disappointed in the Porcini. I didn't get much of a Porcini flavor from it and we all thought it tasted more like Pumpernickel. I only got to try the plain cream cheese, but I can't wait to go back and try some of the flavored ones. (Kimchee cream cheese and Lemon Goat Cheese Spread? Yes please!) 
 So, in short, go to Knead. Now! Unless it's after 2 pm. Then go tomorrow.The service was friendly and quick. 
The place has a hipster-y schtick. 
But, the seating was tight,
The cream cheese was just alright.
And, the bagel was hard as a brick.Just opened today and they're off to a great start. Fast, friendly service, great bagels and coffee. They only have the breakfast menu set up so far but I look forward to the lunch menu soon. 
The wife and I tried the Fennel Seed and Sea Salt bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese. Fabulous and filling. Also had the Flax and Chia Seed bagel with red lentil hummus, which was delicious and probably a healthier choice than the other. (Couldn't help but think the tomato cream cheese would be good on the Flax and Chia Seed bagel, too.) The bagels were crisp on the outside with chewy insides, done to perfection. 
Also got two of the locally roasted Elixr coffees. It's good coffee--strong and flavorful.
Nice new breakfast and coffee option for Wash West. Check 'em out.The spreads are unique and taste great.  The bagels taste fine but the texture is super chewy, almost hard.  People don't seem to mind--it's always super busy.Delicious bagels. Took a chance on the Togarashi Bagel with Scallion Lime Cream Cheese. Very tasty!Delicious homemade bagels, affordable prices and a friendly staff make this a perfect spot for a full meal or a quick bite.The sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich here is to die for. They house make the sausage and add an incredible aioli. I would buy coffee elsewhere bc it's not my favorite here. But 10/10 would recommend that breakfast sandwichPhilly has overpriced Montreal-style bagels, chain bagel stores that always leave you wanting more cream cheese, and plenty of places that recommend toasting the bagel to ensure the best taste. I've been waiting for someone to bring good bagels to Center City and Knead Bagels leaves me waiting no longer. 
I came here on a Saturday morning around 10:30 and was surprised it wasn't a mob scene. I love that they offer both traditional and non-traditional bagels and cream cheese flavors. I tried the black sesame bagel with kimchee cream cheese and Dining Partner had an everything bagel with lox, onion, cucumber and plain cream cheese. The bagels were incredibly soft and fresh. After we devoured our bagels, we also both split another everything bagel with plain cream cheese. The bagels were a good size and they didn't even come close to skimping on the cream cheese. I ended up buying a half dozen to take home and they even included a freezer bag. Fast friendly service at the counter, reasonably priced, and now officially my go-to bagel spot in Philadelphia.The bagels are pretty chewy and some of the tastiest in Philly. My only complaint would be that they are a little small for the price(almost $4 for a specialty bagel with cream cheese). But they are definitely tasty like something you would get in ny. The breakfast sandwiches also good but same thing, you don't get that much of the contents.I love this bagel place!
My work has been right around the corner for a few months and we're moving this week so I stopped in this morning to get a sandwich because I don't know when I'll get a chance to get down this way again.  I also thought, hey I'm going down the shore this weekend I'll get a dozen bagels while I'm there (and also to have some for the next few weeks because I'm really going to miss being a few blocks away!) I got a BLT sandwich which is simple, but so awesome.  I also got a bakers dozen bagels with 2 cream cheeses.  Stupid me didn't think until hours later I should put the cream cheese in the fridge, and when I went to do that I realized the cream cheese was missing.  I called them because I wasn't sure if they would want me to come back with my receipt, etc. To my surprise they said they felt so bad they didn't want me to come out in the rain that they would run them to me!  They also threw in an extra half dozen bagels!  That is customer service right there people!
Not only do they have amazing bagels with lots of "non traditional" options, amazing sandwiches, but they have the customer service to boot!  All around AMAZING place!  I highly recommend you check it out. (By the way, the roasted tomato cream cheese is out of this world!)Having had a really solid breakfast sandwich at The Bakeshop on 20th, I was looking forward to a point of comparison at highly acclaimed Knead Bagels - they delivered. 
Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?
There's quite a bit of construction around the front of Knead Bagels, but don't let that deter you. The inside is up and running, the staff are friendly, and the service is quick. Star Granted. 
Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?
Breakfast sandwiches are traditionally cheap, which is partially what makes them so great. That being the case, I was a bit taken aback when my Pork Belly Bagel sandwich came in at $8.00. Having said that, my fears were alleviated when I saw the size of this sandwich, which was enough for a meal and a half. Star Granted. 
Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?
Wow. Where do I even start? The everything bagel wasn't the best I've ever had, but that was quickly made up for by wonderful coffee-cured pork belly, red onions, egg, cheese, and barbecue sauce. It all came together brilliantly. Dual Stars Granted. 
Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?
A great breakfast sandwich. Not overly superior to The Bakeshop on 20th, but a great option. No Star Granted.Dang! That some good s#!t ... got the sausage egg and cheese on a dark toasted garlic. Excellent! The quality of the ingredients was evident from the first bite, not oversalted or over-greased.... just right.
For the Knead folks reading this - make bialys - please! I have missed that ever since we moved south from the NYC area.They DO NOT use gloves here. Went there in the morning, ordered a bagel with butter, and watched the guy make multiple sandwiches WITHOUT gloves on. When I said something to the two girls working they had the nerve to say why do you have an allergy. What!?!? I said no that's just nasty and they looked at me as if I was wrong. This is the not the first problem I had there but I tell you it will be my last.today was my second day going here and im mad i didnt know about it all this time.. the bagels are so good! ive gotten the cardamom bagel with blood orange cream cheese and its probably the best bagel ive ever had! i will def keep coming here. the service is great. the people that work here are very nice.This place was great! I really enjoyed my bagel. I'm not a bagel expert, but I wasn't blown away by the bagel itself. What really did it for me were all the additional things and the care they put into the resulting bagel sandwich. I had one of their crafted selections, the BLT, and I still think about that thick cut bacon, the aioli, and the tomato -- and I don't even like tomatoes. This review is getting a little long, so I'll just say definitely give this place a try. The only detraction from a five star rating was the wait. It wasn't crazy busy, just moderately so, and I waited over 15 minutes for two sandwiches.One of the better bagel joints around Philly, slightly pricey for certain items but not too bad.I recently moved to a new apt right on Washington Square and saw that I might have a new bagel place, directly across the park. My girlfriend and I decided to check out Knead for some breakfast one morning. First off, once we ordered, the service was very slow. We both got coffee, and they brew Elixr coffee, which should be good, but it was really burnt and old tasting. Once we got our bagels, my girlfriend's bagel was not toasted as she had requested, and my bagel had enough cream cheese on it for 3 bagels. I had the Moroccan spiced apricot with lemon goat cheese spread. The amount of spread on it totally masked any flavor that the bagel might have and it didn't taste like much either. We went back a second time to give it a second chance, and my girlfriend again requested a toasted bagel, this time an everything with regular cream cheese. The bagel was chewy, the cream cheese kinda sour...and the bagel was not toasted again. Come on guys, even if you can't make a decent bagel, please toast it. Not going back. Go to Spread on 20th, its worth the trip from Washington Square.Fantastic. Lox bagel on everything was perfect. My husbands bacon egg and cheese was the best he's ever had (and he's had a lot). Perfect bagels!Good quick bagel stop! Had an egg/cheese/turkey bacon +added tomato on an everything bagel. Bagel was a bit chewy and didn't taste toasted; however, the egg/cheese/turkey bacon/tomato combo was delicious and fresh. I chose to hold their house aioli, which I was happy about as there is plenty of cheese melted on the bagel sandwich. Would try again, just need to make sure the bagels are toasted!I've been here twice, and both times not only was the service exceptional, the food was off the charts! The first time I had my favorite, the everything bagel. Not everyone can make a good everything bagel, but like goldilocks, this one was just right! Today, I tried the Turkey bacon, egg, and cheese on the togarashi bagel - can you say, "mmm?" "Mmm!" Don't be afraid to try new things here, it'll be very tasty! They'll definitely have my repeat business.let me begin this review by telling you a little bit about myself: i'm usually hungry and i love bagels. that being said, i was excited to learn about knead bagels and then overjoyed when i first went. i've since returned many times.
i LOVE the veggie bagel sandwich: lentil hummus, avocado, red peppers, sprouts on a superfood bagel - a bit of creative genius is going on in there. the breakfast sandwiches are also yum! my fave bagel is the fennel seed and sea salt - try it! the soups always sound delish, but i can't resist the bagels. 
the service is always quick and friendly. everything is so fresh. they deliver. they have amazing specials. the food combinations are amazing. i've bageled around the area (and beyond) and knead is by far the most flavorful bagel i've tasted. enjoy!I guess I've just been spoiled with NY bagels.
I really wanted to like this place since I live pretty close and bagels are a necessity in my life.
I paid a little over $9 for my lox bagel, which I thought was outrageous.
But the most disappointing part was the bagels that were as hard as Regina George's mom's boobs.I woke up yesterday and decided I needed some bagels.  This place was the closest.  It is definitely not for traditionalists.  The bagels are quite good though, as are the egg sandwiches etc.  One issue that almost lost them a star:  poppyseed bagels and not sesame bagels!!  I ordered my egg sandwich on a sesame bagel, and it came on a poppyseed bagel.  Ok, I thought, maybe I made a mistake or was misheard.  But then I opened the bagel bag this morning (I had ordered half-dozen), and in place of the two sesame bagels I ordered were two poppy.  I hate poppyseed bagels, so i know it wasn't me.  Have to edit this - my wife pointed out that they were black sesame seeds on the bagel.  This doesn't make things better - to me, a sesame bagel is a sesame bagel - no need to fix what works!
I'm editing this to give it five stars - I subtracted one because of the sesame seed issue.  The owner contacted me, was very nice and offered to give me free replacement bagels the next time I come in.  That is great customer relations.Great place for buying a bagel or bagel breakfast sandwich or for just buying a dozen bagels. The coffee is great and the unique specials everyday are wonderfulI think that its nasty they don't wear gloves. If you taking a safe serve class you would know that gloves are a must.I woke up Saturday morning feeling, as my Carolina friends might say, like death warmed over. I spent the first half hour of consciousness sending whiny Snapchats and wondering, David After Dentist-style, "Why is this happening to me?" But then, something magical happened. Something that social media, god bless it, made possible. The folks at Knead Bagels, a new bagel joint at 7th and Walnut, tweeted out a photo of a bagel covered in schmear. I knew what I had to do.
As I'd been eye-ing Knead for some time now, drawn to the exciting bagel flavors and intriguing cream cheese options, I had a feeling this was just what the doctor ordered. I begrudgingly donned all the rainy cold weather attire needed for a miserable winter morning and headed out the door. A woman with a mission.
The space is open and almost rustic. Think wood, think chalkboard menu, beautiful art on the walls. And though my tastebuds were piqued by options like pastrami spice, togarashi, fennel seed & sea salt, flax and chia seed bagels.... scallion lime, kimchee, roasted tomato, and balsamic cherry cream cheeses.... I knew what I needed.
I squirreled my special bagel back home to be enjoyed on the comfort of my couch as I watched something dumb and mindless on TV. The verdict?
MEDICINAL. Momentarily disregard the bags under my eyes and realize that these bagels.... I'm fairly certain they've got healing properties. Because as I consumed my nigella seed bagel, full of burnt onion flavoring, and the hearty bacon-filled cream cheese (spice and sweet, oh yes), I felt rejuvenated from the inside out.
They deliver (but check your location, first) and the prices are totally reasonable. Knead has won my heart and my tummy. Philly (k)needed a new bagel spot, and Knead delivered.Don't believe those other reviews with one stars.  When you really read them they are criticizing this place for not being "New York-style bagels."  Are you serious?  Go to NY to get them!
This was our first time being here since it opened and we walked in right at the Saturday late-morning rush, but let me tell you, it was worth the wait!  To start, we had the coconut curry cream cheese on a sesame seed bagel and it was absolutely delicious.  It was like having a little Thai/Indian savory blend on my bagel that was not even remotely overpowering or too thick.  It had a great texture.
To follow, we ordered a housemade sausage, egg, cheese on an everything bagel and had to try the special today - pork roll, fried egg, peppers and cheddar on a fennel seed/salt bagel.  I literally could not decide between the two which I liked better, they were both so so good.  I have never had a bagel breakfast sandwich as good as this, and I've had many types/kinds of breakfast bagel sandwiches all over Philly!  The egg in both sandwiches were perfectly fried and perfect in thickness and so was the meat on both sandwiches.  Not too overbearing with the amount of cheese either, which I can't stand with some places.
Needless to say, we arrived starving, and left happily full.  We also may or may not have bought some additional bagels and a tub of that kimchi cream cheese to go.  Did I mention they make their own cream cheese flavors too? 
Just go.  I mean seriously, stop reading this and go.
;)Yum yum yummy bagels. I'm never disappointed when I make the 30 minute ride into the city for these bagels. Their sausage, egg, and cheese with garlic aioli is EVERYTHING!!! After living In New York for a couple years, I'd like to think I know a good bagel when I have one (they are no NYC bagel, but they come pretty darn close in comparison to other bagel spots around). The bagels have a nice chewy texture to them and compliment well with whatever you order on them. I've also had the creme cheese and lox on a sesame seed bagel which was also very good. The line can get long on a weekend morning but it's definitely worth the wait. Knead bagel, why haven't I known about you this whole time I've lived in Philly?! Definitely give this place a try.Best bagel I've had in Philly so far! Cold Brew also not too shabby. I can see myself coming here often.We love this place. They have interesting menu combinations and specials (my favorite was the tandoori that I got to indulge in only once). Our go to here is the sea salt and fennel bagel with the tomato cream cheese.  We got ours toasted and they were extra good.  The everything bagel with the turkey bacon, egg and aioli is pretty amazing too. 
This place gets really busy.  We ordered ahead but you still have to wait in the long line to pay before getting your do.  Sometimes this sucks because if we had the bagels toasted they start getting cold quickly.  Wish they had a separate pick up line for phone orders.  
The staff is extreme nice and helpful though! 
EveryoneRecently saw Knead featured as one of the best brunch spots in the city - and knew I had to make my way there ASAP. Today was the day, as I only come into the office on Monday and Fridays and Knead is closed on Mondays. Just headed over with the early bird crowd (they open at 6:30am ScOrE!)
Love the set up of the shop - cute but not over the top cute!  I ordered the smoked salmon bagel and it is deeeelish.  
I work at 9th and chestnut and passed 4 spots to grab a bagel on my way to / from knead (Dibruno, DD, Starbucks, le pain quotidien) - but I must say , this sandwich was totally worth it.  Looking forward to my visit next Friday, when I will be trying the whitefish bagel and the fresh squeezed OJ!!!The service was really friendly, so I feel bad giving three stars, but you can't eat service. I got a lox sandwich on everything, and it was pretty disappointing. Like methadone to a junkie, these bagels just don't quite cut it. Dense and hard to chew, the bagel squeezed out all of its toppings instantly. There was barely a slice of salmon on the sandwich, and the onions seemed like they were shaved on a deli slicer the day before. I really wanted to like this place, but if you want a serious bagel, just go to Spread or South St. Bagels.Mike is a good dude. So helpful, super courteous, and nice.
On to the bagels, I've been here a few times and it's been delish each time. Consistency is important for any kind of food establishment, but a good bagel joint for sure!
High quality ingredients and well-made bagels! They also serve Mighty Leaf tea, a good brand of tea.
Make your way to this great place! And, meet Mike 'cuz we need more "Mikes" in this world! :)While visiting my daughter in the hospital from California, I had lots of time to walk around and discover places to go. I am so happy that I wandered in and found this amazing bagel shop. We don't really have good bagels in Cali I always heard something about the water. I got waited on right away and within minutes I had a wonderful roast beef sandwich with pickled kale with an aoli dressing on a bagel. The bagel was perfect, so crunchy yet chewy inside and I was a bit skeptical about the kale but somehow it worked! It was such a delicious feast and everything is homemade I found out. I  took  some bagels with the tomato cream cheese to the family at home and they all loved them. I hope they come to California and open a Knead Bagels here..................... THEY ROCK!  And what is all the hipster crap about anyways????WE FINALLY HAVE A GREAT BAGEL PLACE IN PHILLY.
If you are like me, and know there's no better way to start your weekend than a hot breakfast sandwich, you need Knead in your life. My go-to order is a bacon, egg & cheese on a togarashi bagel, which comes with a delicious Knead aioli spread. The slight kick of the chili pepper spice on the bagel contrasts perfectly with the creamy aioli and the bacon is thick and crispy (as all bacon should be). There's also an option for turkey bacon if that's what floats your boat!
They also have freshly squeezed OJ which is delicious!
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: they also deliver. If you are too lazy to get out of bed, they will deliver your hangover cure right to your door via Caviar, starting at 9 am. There is nothing better.
Another insider tip: Follow them on Instagram for daily specials and food porn! @kneadbagelsI love this place! Their bagels are delicious and their breakfast sandwiches are some of the best I've had. Togarashi bagel is the best, especially if you love spicy. The service is also really good. Everyone is really friendly and they are helpful if you can't decide what to order or have questions.This place was great! Lavender bagel with vanilla-honey cream cheese was unique and delicious. Decor was adorable and staff was very friendly! If you're looking for a bagel place that will give you more options than the usual places, I'd highly recommend!Had a fantastic everything bagel with scrambled egg, bacon, cheese and aioli. 
I've been travelling the US for three weeks now and this is by far the best one I've had. Even better than east village in NY. Also came out very quick and hot while the place was busy.
Keep up the great work!Philly isn't really known for their bagels but this is a good spot to go to if you're craving a bagel. They have  indoor seating and outdoor seating. Food usually comes out quick and is not a long wait. They always have a special of the day every day, it's cool if you're into tying new stuff. 
 I usually get the togarashi with scallion cream cheese. I used to get the poblano cream cheese but they discontinued that which was disappointing since it was my favorite. I've also tried the barley and chickpea salad, which is good. 
Orange juice is not freshly made there even though they advertise fresh orange juice, I've seen them pouring it out of a jug.I always feel guilty writing bad reviews, especially for new places where entrepreneurs with a dream have poured their heart and soul into a place... but for that very reason, and because I'd really like to see this place succeed and get it right, I feel like I have to write this so they can work out their opening kinks and I can come back and amend my review.
First and foremost it's important I mention the bagel itself was very tasty (and good coffee too!), despite the fact that it wasn't what I wanted/ordered.  This is where I have my issues.  I had my heart set on an everything bagel, but when I got there at noon I was told they were all out of everything bagels.  Very disappointing since it's the most popular kind of bagel and they didn't seem to make enough of them for a Sunday.  Fail.  But it happens, even the most seasoned bagel places run out of everythings on busy weekend days from time to time.  So I'm like, fine, I'll have poppy instead with egg whites and cheese.  Unfortunately I took my sandwich to go and when I got home I realized I was given a plain bagel with regular eggs!  Then I thought well maybe they don't do egg whites -- which would've been fine, but if so this is something that should have been mentioned to me when I asked for the egg whites in the first place. Nevertheless, again, despite it being the complete wrong order it was a very good bagel sandwich.
My second complaint is that when I went to pay with my credit card, the cashier turned the computer screen into my face and there I was presented with different tip options for my yet-to-be-made sandwich.  This really rubbed me the wrong way.  Tips are designed to reward good service, which I am not in the habit of doing before said service has been rendered. I ended up tipping 15% because a) they're all new at this and I felt badly, and b) I felt pressured into it as the girl stood there and watched me. I really wish they would remove this option, it just makes customers feel uncomfortable.  I usually drop some change into a tip jar if there is one, but being watched as I choose to tip or not to tip is just plain awkward.
In summation... I'll definitely be back to this place, but I guess I'll have to get there earlier to get my everything bagel, and I'll have to watch them like a hawk to make sure they get the order right....andd they're not getting tipped until they do! :)My friend and I went to Knead to breakfast one weekday morning, there is a coffee shop in our office building but we had been wanting to try knead for a while. We finally made our way over and we were happy with our breakfast! I got the lox bagel sandwich, I have never had one so I figured now was a good time as any. The ingredients were fresh and the sandwich was GIANT. My friend got the sausage egg and cheese which comes with their homemade aioli and she absolutely loved it, 3 weeks later she still talks about it! That is next on my must try list there. While everything was great I still think they are a tad overpriced, but worth the treat every now and then. I am looking forward to going back.My first disappointment was not having a pumpernickel bagel on the menu.  Just haven't found a good pumpernickel bagel in the city and was hopeful. Next - can celery become a condiment additive?  Celery is in the tuna and chicken salad; disappointing. Sometimes I don't have the time to pick it out. Let's have a "celery free" day!Bad bagels, more like the tough taste and texture of a baguette then a good slowly fermented, poached, chewy on the inside bagel.I know that it was the opening weekend of this place, but I still left feeling a bit disappointed. I showed up here on Saturday around 11am and found it pretty crowded. The first task is actually figuring out who has ordered, where the line is, and where to stand after you have ordered. Once we got to the register, we ordered two bagel sandwiches and coffees. The girl at the register seemed flustered, and the man making bagels was yelling things to the other employees, who all didn't seem prepared for the flood of people. I had wanted a latte, but didn't want to wait and hold things up even more, so the regular coffee was fine. The place is definitely not "cozy" by any means, though it is sleek and well designed-- it's probably better-suited for people to just grab and go. 
About 15 minutes after ordering, my name was called. I was so excited to retrieve the food, but was told that they were out of what we ordered (an everything bagel). An offer to substitute with a "power everything bagel" with flax and chia seeds was offered, and I obliged. Then I went back and sat down for over 20 more minutes (we were lucky to have snagged a table!). By this time, we were pretty sure our breakfast had been forgotten, and I went up to ask at the counter, only to hear many others muttering that they too had been waiting for over half an hour. The bagel sandwiches finally came and they were very good. The bagels themselves were light and fluffy and the toppings (we got the kale & pimento on one and the bacon and egg on another) were also delicious. However, the wait was honestly ridiculous for a bagel sandwich, and we could have had a sit-down meal after it all. I will probably come back, but just to pick up items to go... I want to try that kimchee cream cheese!Why have I only found out about this place now? Seriously the best bagel shop in the area. Ordered the sausage, egg and cheese with everything bagel and it is absolutely the best. It has an aioli spread that makes it so much better. One thing I like about this place is the different type of flavors they have here. Next time I visit, I want to try the kimchi cream cheese with black sesame bagel. Something unordinary but can totally rock your socks off.Bottom line:  Bagels are better at Spread; spreads are better at Knead.  Sea salt fennel with roasted tomato cream cheese was delicious.  Veggie cream cheese had more veggies than usual, which is a plus.  Both the bagels and cream cheeses were very flavorful; the bagels themselves were decent texture-wise but not super fresh.
The bagels are also smaller than normal, which I personally appreciated.  They also don't toast unless you specifically ask.  Wait was a little long but not outlandish.  I'd like to come back for the kale salad.Great bagels and spreads. I just had the sweet potato curry cream cheese, which was delcious. They recommend bagels that taste well with their spreads, which is a great touch.
Between 11-2 there's a lunch special, where you can add a salad and drink to your sandwich for $4.Came in on a rainy Monday right before closing. I was greeted by a simple, clean, and bright interior, similar to many a coffee shop. Scanned their menu of eclectic bagel/spread combos and decided on the Moroccan spiced apricot bagel with lemon goat cheese spread. I also decided to bring some bagels home for my roommates to try and they were on the house since they were closing soon. Super appreciated! 
The bagel was everything I wanted and more. The flavor combination worked even better than I had hoped. The bagel was slightly sweet and you could definitely taste the spices. Cinnamon raisin's cooler older sister. The spread was also great and I'd consider  buying it separately to smear on... everything. My only suggestion would be asking if customers wanted their bagels toasted or not. By the time I got home 15 minutes later, the toasted bagel had done that thing where it's soft but hard. But!.. it was okay with me, every bite was still tasty af.
Coffee was good. Service was very friendly and accommodating. I look forward to seeing place grow and get its footing among the difficult wsw/cc crowd.What a pleasant way to start my morning! I take breakfast seriously, so i don't usually stray away from my usual bagel spot. But Im glad I tried something new today. Not only where the bagel delish, but the service was great and the entire experience was pleasant. I'll be sure to return!First time here & I'm a fan!! Delicious, high quality bagels with unique spreads. They don't skimp on the cream cheese- very generous portions. The staff are super friendly & helpful. Haven't left yet & already can't wait to return.Still searching for a decent bagel in philly. Putting bacon, egg and cheese on a bagel shouldn't be this hardKnead's bagels are good, comparable to other philly bagel places. The spreads are unique, the roasted tomato cream cheese being my favorite thus far. The cold brew is delicious.
I  most recently went early on a Sunday afternoon and was greeted by a dramatically diminshed bagel list. And although the everything bagel I picked out was delicious, the service was quite slow for being the only person in line. I would hesitate to come here during the morning rush.I am ecstatic that Knead Bagels opened up a few blocks from my work (trust me, it was very much anticipated).  I stopped in on Wednesday for my go to breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg, and cheese on a toasted everything bagel.  The staff was friendly and the wait wasn't long.  Most importantly, the sandwich was delicious.  I never thought of having aioli on a breakfast sandwich - but it works....very, very well.  You have made me a repeat customer!Delicious bagels and incredibly friendly people. I always have a positive experience. Definitely worth a trip!Knead's egg sandwich is delicious.  It's overpriced, but there's nothing as good in Philadelphia, at least that I've found.
The coffee is bad.  They need better coffee.Great service and delicious food! The staff was very friendly, helpful and they took the time to explain about their products thoroughly. You could taste how fresh the eggs and bacon were. Also the everything bagels weren't overloaded with seeds, which they usually are. We will definitely be returning!My wife is from Long Island and loves a good bagel with cream cheese.  The weather was good and the bikes were calling.  We biked down for coffee and bagels on a beautiful Spring Saturday.
The cold brew was fantastic.  The hot coffee was very good as well.  I opted for an everything bagel with egg and cheese.  It was tasty; like every good bagel, it had a great crispy outside and a soft, doughy inside.  There was an avocado mayo spread inside that complemented the hot egg and cheese combination really nicely.  The salt was not overwhelming and the other ingredients were proportioned perfectly.  My wife's bagel was excellent and the spread had the right cheesiness to it.
The prices are reasonable and the seating along the wide-open large windows was comfortable if a little tight.
A great bagel experience in Philadelphia for sure!  I'm sure I'll be back for the non-traditional bagels on the list.  I'm particularly eyeing the kimchie bagel!  More stars to come, I'm sure.This is not your typical bagel store.  They have unique spreads, bagel flavors, and bagel sandwiches.  I am a big fan of their sausage egg and cheese with their aioli- such a fun twist on a breakfast sandwich.  As a side note, their sandwiches do tend to be on the more expensive side for bagel sandwiches though, so don't be alarmed at the register when you order one.Wanted to give this place one more chance.  Maybe it was opening jitters, maybe it was an off day.  Nope, it is still awful, picked up a bagel with cream cheese and lox at 11 on a Saturday, figured I would get a fresh and tasty bagel.  I was wrong, bagel is still pretty bad, hard to the point where it was difficult to chew.  I'd say on par with the bagels they sell at Super Fresh.  I don't see how this place gets such positive reviews, oh wait, bagels suck in Philly, so the bar isn't set that high.Knead bagels helps you with that bagel craving that you'll have every weekend morning, but I feel that the quality of bagels is not the best that Philly has to offer. The bagels are a bit chewy and hard which actually made my jaw tired by the end of the sandwich. Some people like this, but Im more of a crispy outside and soft inside bagel man. The coffee was average and nothing to write home about. They do have a great selection of bagels, sandwiches and cream cheeses though! The service was quick and friendly. The place isnt too big but they do have some outside seating. So if youre craving a bagel and youre in the area then you can hit this spot for sure.
Pro Tip - go after 1:30 before they close and you can get a half pint of cream cheese and get a half dozen bagels FORR FREEEEEEEEThis place is cute and small. I ordered lox w/ scallion lime cream cheese on an everything bagel. It was good, but not the best.I got the garlic bagel with veggie cream cheese. The flavors were great but the bagel itself was a little hard. Not sure if it wasn't as fresh bc we got the bagels at 11am.I live above this place and as far as I'm concerned it is the best addition to the Washington square neighborhood in the past 10years. The specials are out of this world (even when they sound crazy). The service is friendly and speedy and the product is delicious. The classic bagel flavors are amazing, but don't be afraid to try some of the more unusual ones - you won't be disappointed!A bagel, what's so special about a bagel? Come to Knead bagels and find out!! Glorious, chewy, soft on the inside, lots of choices of bagels and spreads, I got an everything with scallion-lime cream cheese, that with an ice cold bottled water, $5 served with a smile.  Absolutely delicious!!!Went here both mornings of our recent visit to Philly. Delicious bagels in interesting flavors with different specials daily. The chorizo and salsa egg bagel looked delicious but I have to say, I love everything bagels above all else and the everything with plain cream cheese was really, really great. Maybe the best I've ever had. Next time I'm trying the Togarashi with lime scallion cream cheese. 
Plenty of seating and tasty local coffee. Friendly owners. Definitely go!Great bagels. Great cream cheese spreads. Usually pretty busy. Has nice outdoor seating that is pet friendly. Fresh OJ and they accept credit cards!!IMO, these are some of the best bagels in Philly (the second runner-up for me is South Street Bagels on 3rd Street).  They do all the classics well, and also have a rotating selection of unique bagel flavors like za'atar and fennel seed+sea salt, and homemade spreads like roasted tomato or scallion lime cream cheese.  My only gripe is that the coffee here is no good...it's usually burnt or cold.  Stop somewhere else for coffee on the way and eat your bagel to-go in Washington Square Park.Bagels galore! At first the bagels seemed a bit pricey, but you can paying for a quality product. The lines are usually long, but more relatively quick.I've been here twice. The first time I got the coffee-cured pork belly sandwich on a togarashi bagel.. I'm pretty sure they used regular bacon on mine because it was about 1/4 as thin as everyone's pictures of the same sandwich. 
The second time I got the vanilla honey cream cheese spread on a lavender bagel (suggested on their menu). It was very tasty, but they put three times as much cream cheese that's necessary, and it was hardly even toasted. It was actually just soft and slightly warm, giving it the texture and taste of a microwaved bagel.
Their cold brew's not bad, though.After reading so many reviews on this place and searching far and wide for a good bagel spot near Center City, I knew I couldn't delay coming here any longer. I ran over before my classes and was worried about a line. There was no line when I went in, thankfully, and I ordered two bagels to split with a friend: lavender with honey vanilla cream cheese and lox on everything. Wow. Both of these bagels and the fixins were so good. The lox was fresh, the cream cheese was flavorful, the bagel options were creative and different. I'll definitely be back.Awesome variety of bagels/cream cheese priced fairly. Great coffee too. I am certain this place will only get better with time. The smoked chopped liver cream cheese is incredible. Can't wait to try the Togarashi spiced bagel!
New favorite bagel place in center city.Easily one of (if not the) best bagel place. So happy they exist:]]Great bagel place. The people behind the counter were quite friendly, and we didn't leave smelling like bagels. I'm a bagel purist, and only ever get an everything with cream cheese. The bagel I had was tasty and seasoned well. Will def be stopping again, shit is right!I was torn between a 2- and a 3 star rating but overall the service was the tipping point. 
First the good:
The everything bagel is great and the lemon goat cheese spread was super tasty. The tomato and goat cheese soup was good but it was missing something. I can't figure out what it is but it just seems to not quite hit the mark. 
Now onto the bad;
the service-I get it, it's a hipster place but this is kind of a business area between the office buildings and the hospital and doctors offices. People need to get in and get out. Take a cue from El Fuego next door, you can move people through pretty quickly. Weekends might be a different story but catering to the week day breakfast on the way in and a quick takeout lunch is key.  The girl who took my order was possibly on xanax or valium or something that slooooowwwwedddd her way, way down. She left my money on the counter. The other girl seemed a little more together but she was flirting with a customer who was explaining the finer art of using an espresso machine (I was there for a good part of the tutorial..) 
The Price-
A bit steep for what it is- steep enough that I don't think I'll be in every day.
I know that this place is new, new and going through growing pains. I want nothing more than to see it succeed. Address the service issues, adjust the price point/ value for the price and I don't see why this place can't make it. I will revisit in a month and see where they are and reevaluate.Amazing house made sausage egg and cheese on black sesame bagel with aoli spread. I would give a 5 star and visit at least once a week if it wasn't 7 and change for the sandwich. Maybe throw in a small coffee for that price point? Awesome place and staff overall!Was in Philly for the weekend. Since the city is extremely walkable, we stumbled upon this place. And let me tell you, it was a great place to have breakfast! I had the egg, cheese and aioli breakfast sandwich with homemade sausage on a garlic bagel. It was probably one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had! I will be coming back next time I'm in town!I had a nice bagel here for breakfast yesterday morning, but I am a bagel fanatic and I can't give this place anymore than 3 stars. I would definitely try it out and make up your mind for yourself if you're not a bagel freak who is partial to NYC bagels. I ordered a plain bagel for my first time here to get the jist of what their working with, and the size and quality of the bagel itself was decent. Not overly sweet (even though boiled in honey water) or salty, a good middle grade dough. 
They have a good amount of bagel and cream cheese options, with some creative touches like lime in the scallion cream cheese spread, and a lavender option too (these change as well). 
I went with the roasted veggie cream cheese, with bacon and tomato (my go-to). The cream cheese flavor was there, but it was a little runny, mainly I assume because of the roasted veggies, but they needed to do a better job at draining that prior to mixing because it should have been a bit thicker than what I had on my bagel. Also, the bacon was not cooked properly, it was a little overdone/dry, so that was a bummer.
The variety is there, and the bagels themselves are good so it is worth a stop and you can make the call if you're into the Montreal style bagels!The bagels are pretty good, even their more experimental ones have been really good. The only reason that they get 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is because they are expensive. Bagels should be less than $1 each, it's more expensive here.Back in after going a couple of weeks without my beloved bagels.  I had a serious craving and stopped in today.  My taste buds have been thanking me all day.  They have a special lemon cream cheese that's slightly sweet and to die for right now.  
They've also switched up a sandwich from this "non traditional list" and added a blood orange cream cheese.  I dig everything about this place.  There's some serious creativity going on here, but not at the expensive of taste which is quite hard to find.  
I saw for the first time that they have salads today.  I'll have to go back for lunch.I have stopped in here numerous times, once right after they opened, and then numerous times after that because it really hits the spot for breakfast. Its really nice to have a place that serves chef driven food because its so much more creative than your typical breakfast sandwich place. They serve great bagels, quality ingredients and delicious coffee from Elixir. 
The first time I went I had a one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have ever tasted. It was a special that they were offering that day of ham, cheese, fried egg with caramelized onions and red eye aioli. I got mine on a poppy bagel and away I went. I got it home and devoured it in minutes. The sandwich was on point. The bagels are a touch smaller than you might get at other places, but they are perfect size for breakfast sandwiches. The flavors of the fillings were outstanding. The ham and cheese were great and the fried egg and caramelized onions were perfect. The kicker of whole sandwich was the red eye aioli. It was deliciously creamy, had some serious bite, and just enhanced the flavor of the sandwich perfectly. The bagel itself had nice chew to it, and although I wish the bagel was a bit more toasted, the sandwich was really fantastic. 
If you go, other very notable options are always the specials, the kale egg and pimento cheese, and the togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese. 
I really enjoy coming to Knead. I visit on a regular basis and have really enjoyed all the different things I have tried here. While they definitely fill a bagel void here in Philly, they still arent quite the tops of the line. Some day we will get there, but for right now, Knead is the best around and truly worth a visit!Knead is phenomenal and just keeps getting better. The bagels are delicious, and the creative bagel n' cream cheese flavor combinations are like nothing I've ever seen. The breakfast sandwiches are far and away the best in the city. Gouda pimento with kale or the basic egg & cheese are my favorites, but if you have a manly appetite then definitely get the sausage egg & cheese with the house-made sausage patty.Delicious bagels right in the heart of Washington Square. Cute and quick spot. Bagels had good flavor. I went with a classic lox and cream cheese bagel but I was surprised to see the selection of unique spreads. I thought about ordering one with fresh beets but they were already sold out for the morning. I'll be back here again when in need of a quick breakfast.Came here for the 12-hr brisket sandwich on heavy recommendation from a coworker. Bagel was cold :(. It was tasty, but I definitely wouldn't pay $11 for it again. Will be back to just try the bagels by themselves or maybe another breakfast sandwich.Knead Bagels is my favorite breakfast spot in the area. The bagels are better than any I've ever had, soft, flavorful, and unique. The cream cheese flavors are just a good and if you're vegan, they even have hummus for you! So far I've tried the black sesame bagel with scallion cream cheese and bacon, egg, & cheese on a togarashi. ALL DELICIOUS. 
I plan on coming back for a morning special with some coffee as often as my budget will allow. :)Probably the best bagels I have had on my trip to America. The roasted tomato cream cheese was incredibleEhhh, not a fan because the bagels were rock hard and my teeth hurt after chewing away for 15 minutes. Typical Philadelphia bagel... The place is nice, clean, friendly staff and the actual cream cheese was good... But overall, I would recommend this place because I just don't think it's worth paying $26 for 3 coffees and 2 bagels.I wanted this place to be my go-to bagel spot on my way to work, but when you charge $6 for a bagel sandwich, you priced me out.  Bagels are good.  Service is good and the hipsters are friendly, but everything (including lunch) is expensive.  This will have to be a special occasion place for me.
And closed on Christmas Eve?  Thanks for nothing.  How do you expect to gain loyal customers when you arent open for them?I can't believe I waited so long to check this place out! I tried the cardamom bagel with blood orange cream cheese.... I could taste a hint of cardamom as I bit into the bagel but the blood orange cream cheese overpowers it. There was a small sign at the register that says they do not recommend toasting their bagels since they are freshly baked but they will if you ask. I think I probably would've enjoyed my bagel more if it was warm so I recommend toasting it. I also tried a bite of the togarashi bagel with scallion like cream cheese and it was equally as good! All in all, their bagels are average, but the spreads make every bite totally worth it!So glad this place is so close to my work. One day, I stepped out of my basic Starbucks ways and went across the street to Knead Bagels. I love trying out of the ordinary food combos and Knead definitely puts a twist on the run-of-the-mill bagel. Every day they seem to have a different combination of cream cheese and bagel but they always compliment each other. 
Old Bay-gel with fresh crab cream cheese and the celery seed bagel with buffalo blue cream cheese are the two special bagels that hit the spot. These aren't regulars on the menu, but grab them if you see it's their day! Fennel seed and sea salt bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese is so savory and IS a regular on the menu. The cream cheese reminds me tomato soup. Yum! They have so many different flavored cream cheese spreads and bagels. I am slowly but surely making my way through the list.
My only complaint would be that the bagels aren't as soft as I would like them to be.I've only been living and working in Philly for about a month and am already addicted to Knead!!  My coworkers introduced me and I am hooked!!  So far I've tried the lavender with vanilla honey and the black sesame with poblano.  Both are tasty!  The lavender with vanilla honey is not too sweet, just the way I like.  I've also had the chicken salad sandwich, which was good.  Also, the salad is a must have!!  I was so sad today when my coworker reminded me that Knead is closed on Mondays--can't wait to get my fix!!Best breakfast sandwiches ever.  The kale, egg, and pimento cheese sandwich is one of the best things I've ever tasted.  The cheese is so creamy and delicious and they load on the kale so I can sort of make my self feel better about the carb and cheese overload by adding a vegetable.  I get it on a fennel and sea salt bagel for maximum pleasure. 
Today I also tried the special corned beef breakfast sandwich on a pastrami spiced bagel.  It had a fried egg and a stringy cheese and I was amazed to find that it was just as delicious as the kale egg sandwich.  I hope they add it to the regular menu.
Also, their iced tea is noticeably good and the people working there are always super nice.  
I didn't know I needed bougie bagels until just now.  Knead has significantly improved the quality of my life.Knead Bagels might convince me to move to Philly.  I got a egg and cheese on a superfood bagel with aioli. Best egg sandwich I've ever had. Lots of great types of bagels, helpful staff, and a cozy vibe. If you want an alternative to overpriced scrambled eggs for breakfast, this is a great spot.Hooray for Knead on doing bagels right and for offering polite and prompt service! We've been looking for a better bagel spot than the overrated Philly Style Bagels in our neighborhood (Sorry for the indirect jab!). 
On a flavor basis alone, I adore Knead. 
Knead would qualify as our go-to if we didn't spend over $20 on two small bagels. Granted, we both chose sandwich-style bagels (veggie banh mi and the egg and cheese). 
We're not living in Center City, so it may be that this cost is the standard now. That's up for other guests to judge.So many varieties! We came here for breakfast, daily special was matcha bagel with red bean paste! Amazing flavor, so is lavender bagel!The bagels here are just ok, nothing special. The unique flavored might be better but for a traditional bagel this was lacking. 
On the other hand the lox was AMAZING. Loved the lox.
My brother had a poppy seed bagel with the lox and cream cheese and said his bagel was better than mine. But we all agreed the lox was delicious!Forget about bagels as you know them. This place is life changing. They specialize in epic bagels  and amazing spreads. You may not even be aware how much you really knead it. 
Every day they have a special bagel spread pairing and I highly suggest you try it. 
If you are a simpler person they also cover the basics. 
For breakfast sandwiches no one else compares. They make all of their sausage in house and their aioli is gods gift to man. 
Michael works at the front and always has a great suggestion if you are feeling adventuress. 
If you come around closing they run an epic deal of any spread comes with a half dozen bagels.I bought 1/2 dozen bagels on a Sunday morning a little before noon, and they were already leaning toward staleness. Also, they wanted to charge me extra to slice them for me. Weird. And finally, I guess I'm just spoiled by Grindcore House, but having a couple vegan topping options would be really good for business (if you build it, we will come). Good thing I had vegan cream cheese at home, I guess.
Still, I'm a carb junkie & I ate 3 of those bagels on the day I brought them home, so they clearly weren't that bad. I might come here again, but I doubt it. If I really want a bagel, I'd rather support a vegan business like Grindcore.AMAZING. the food and the service were great. I got the 'superfood' bagel and it was delicious. The only flaw I can find with this new gem is that a bagel + coffee cost about $7 which is a bit much, but the place is adorable and totally worth it.A great independent bagel shop with unique flavors. I wish they had more sweet flavors! The savory selection is excellent. Make sure to take a look at the specials before making a final decision. All in all, if I'm ever craving a bagel I'll probably make a stop here!Just had knead for the second time. Just as good or not better than the first.  I got an everything bagel with cream cheese (this time it had more seeds than before, which is a huge plus). My fianc got the nigella bagel with agave bacon cream cheese, which he said was "unbelievable." I'm so glad a good bagel place has opened and isn't that far away from home :) I will be returning to knead for my Sunday bagel fix.The bagel could have been more soft and was a tad overpriced, but still good! I've had the everything bagel with lox but my favorite is still a plain bagel with their delicious kimchi cream cheese! A good place to grab a bagel and some fresh orange juice in Philly. And it's right across the park!These bagel are so good and worth it! Everytime we went, they were sold out! We got the black sesame bagels with lime and pabalano cream cheese and the togarashi with scallion and lime cream cheese. This our new favorite bagel place.What a great lunch find! I got the old bay chicken salad sandwich on their recommended bagel (garlic).. it was perfect! The chicken salad had dill, old bay seasoning, and pickles on it. So tasty. One star off for the bagel and sandwich being on the smaller side but the deliciousness more than made up for it. Will be back to try other menu items!I like the well crafted new fangled flavor bagels.  They have a wide range of cream cheese options.  Coffee stands alone black which is a complement.  I like that they open at 6:30 and have a regular coffee bagel punch card until 8:30.  I think the goal is to accumulate enough heart punch to get something free...incentive works.Excellent bagels!  We walk all the way from West Poplar to get breakfast here.  Get their aioli.  You won't be disappointed.Loved this place! We were in town from Indy and stayed at the Hilton down the street. In need for a quick breakfast we were able to walk here. Got a breakfast sandwich bagel that was amazing! Highly recommend the sausage. You can tell it's local or made there and fresh to order!Great addition to the area! Cute bagel shop serving up an eclectic offering of bagels, spreads, soups, and sandwiches. Tried the togarashi bagel with the recommended scallion lime cream cheese and the fennel seed sea salt bagel w/ bacon, egg, cheese and their aioli spread. The togarashi was definitely the standout & the lime in the cream cheese enhanced all the flavors. Will definitely return for a bakers dozen soon!Man oh man, I do not even know where to start with how incredibly tasty this place is! I have been here so many times I can't keep count (or care to count)! What I really appreciate about Knead are their alternative flavors that they have created for the timeless masterpiece that is a bagel. You'll have to come multiple times just to try all the inventive flavors (hence my track record for this place). You can't go wrong with any of the flavors, but the top contenders for my affection are the fennel seed and sea salt bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese (salivating yet?) and the Togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese (yes, it's real good--really really good). 
If you're feeling especially hungry, I would advise venturing to one of their delicious breakfast bagel sandwiches! Oh, you just thought this was a just a plain ole bagel joint; it is not, my friend. Oh. my. goodness. The aioli that they put on those bad boys is so delectable. Go with the sausage egg sandwich on the Togarashi bagel. You're welcome. 
Did I mention that they come up with special bagel flavors on a weekly basis? How do they come up with so many delicious flavors on the weekly basis? It's one of the great mysteries of life. And how do you keep up on their weekly concoctions? Follow them on instagram! Disclaimer: you will want to venture to Knead every single time they post a picture of their latest creations! 
And finally, if you want to check out this place and you're a purist when it comes to your bagels, they have all the traditional flavors like everything, poppy, and even plain! Go a little crazy, add some veggie cream cheese to that traditional bagel of yours!Delicious creative bagel choices ( I enjoyed a fennel and sea salt bagel with poblano cream cheese) perfect! To top it off the coffee was full flavored and not bitter- I will be back!I consider myself a bagel expert, and this was one damn good bagel.Great Breakfast sandwich, staff is really friendly and food came out hot, fast and YUMMYMake sure to specify that you would like your bagel toasted, if it's your preference. The bagel sandwich was so good that I didn't realize it wasn't toasted until half way through. I also tried a cardamom bagel with blood orange cream cheese that made my eyes light up with glee. The cream cheese was surprisingly not pink, yet had a bright blood orange flavor. Service was fast and personable. The small space seats around 10 people, but since it's a block away from the park, I would recommend bagel picnicking there.A native Jersey girl, this is the only place I've been to in Philly that has comparable bagels to jersey bagels. Ive has the lavender bagel with vanilla honey cream cheese, and I loved it. I've never had a superfood bagel, which has chia and flax seeds, and was eager to try that today. I ordered the kale and smoked Gouda pimento egg sandwich on a superfood bagel, and spent $7.00 with the hopes that it would be worth it. There were few Yelp reviews on this breakfast sandwich so I was a little hesitant to order it. 
This breakfast sandwich was the best breakfast sandwich I've EVER had! The smoked Gouda pimento was so rich in flavor, and the kale was fresh, soft, and shredded. The egg was interestingly thin, like plastic wrap thin!, and wrapped around the kale. Any thicker and I don't think I could've finished the sandwich! It was very filling and tasty, and all the healthy ingredients made it all the more delectable and enjoyable. Definitely getting this sandwich again.Best bagel joint I've ever been too. A colorful blend of flavors in both the cream cheese and bagels. We walked in 5 mins after opening and the smell was heavenly. With still warm bagels and sinfully creamy cream cheese, we chowed down in sheer bliss surrounded by a playful and new rock filled setting. We were greeted by a extremely friendly and helpful staff. It was pretty cool running into a staff member who was from DC as we are from the Richmond area. Will be here for breakfast whenever we return to the Philly area!This place was a great little Saturday morning breakfast stop :) it was crowded when I got there so many others must enjoy it too! Great sandwich options and spread choices.. Good prices :) clean facility and friendly people!These are the best bagels in Center City and others in my office agree! The Superfood and Flax bagels are addictive in a healthy way - also the pb & j is clean (natural/healthy) and delicious. Rachel has an awesome energy and knows the answer to all my bagel inquiries.Superfood bagel was AMAZING and makes me never want a plain everything again. However, we also got the fennel and sea salt and it was not as flavorful. Really delicious cream cheese though - definitely a great new addition to the Philadelphia bagel scene.Thought this would be a great place to pick up bagel and coffee on the way to work as I walk past here everyday!  Very pricey! 8 bucks for an egg bagel sandwich and a 16 oz cup of coffee?  Was turned off by the girl at the register turning the monitor around for a tip? Really? For a take out bagel? I am a New Yorker, so I know a good bagel and this isn't it.  Bagel was small with a large hole in the center.  A NYC bagel has a small hole to hold in all of the goodness you place on top!   Bagel wasn't chewy and seemed bland and if I am going to spend $2.50 for coffee it better be decent.  It was ok...but not award winning.  I work at the hospital and will continue to get my breakfast at munche's cafe...where you can get a bangin' cup of joe and an awesome egg sandwich for 4 bucks and it tastes delicious!  Sorry Knead bagels...but I do not knead your pricey breakfast!As a native New Yorker recently transplanted to Philadelphia, I have high standards for bagels, and mostly, Philadelphia has left me pretty disappointed.  I was excited to try Knead bagels, and I'm not a bagel purist - I thought the creative flavors were really fun.  But the bagels... really a shame.  Bread with a hole in it, not a real bagel.  Bread with a hole and really interesting flavors... but not a real bagel.  Too bready, not chewy or dense enough, and barely enough cream cheese to be able to enjoy it.  I'd recommend South St or Chestnut St Philly Bagels instead.Having grown up in NJ, bagels are high on my list, in general. It's been hard to find places in Philly that compare to what I've known because I understand they will never actually be quite the same. Having that said, I think Knead Bagels successfully satisfies my foodie side.
Their types of non-traditional bagels are unique and unlike ones I've seen in philly and the quality of the bagels are good and fresh. Beyond non-traditional bagels, Knead Bagels also offers a variety of flavored cream cheeses that are fun to try. I love the menu of suggestions combining their bagel flavors and cream cheeses.  
Further, and the reason for this four star review, is the "special" bagel combination I had the other day. I can confidently say, that with one bite, it went straight to being my third favorite food item in all of Philadelphia (I'm continuously making my way though Philly Mag's Best Restaurant list and so have had my fair share of trying a variety of food) right behind Giwa's pork taco and Barbuzzo's budino. 
The special of the day was a lemon pepper bagel and truffle cream cheese. Truffle cream cheese - enough said. And no, it wasn't cream cheese with a little bit of truffle oil to give it a hint of truffle... it had tiny pieces of actual truffle in it. And not in a heavy, bulky type way. But it was smooth, rich and creamy- the texture of how slightly melted cream cheese should be on a toasted bagel. It was perfection. I even went back later that day to get a second to save for the next day, because with it being a special, I didn't like the thought of not knowing when I would have the opportunity to have it again. Oh and the best part- each bagel sandwich equated to about $4. 
I urge you, if you see this rare special, get it. You will not regret it. You may even buy two, too.Really cute spot with super friendly staff. The bagels are soft and flavorful and the spreads are really cool. The bacon egg and cheese bagel was great! Nice crispy pieces of bagel with a good serving of egg and cheese. The chopped liver spread was rally delicious for chopped liver, but I just couldn't eat a full bagel's worth of liver.When I walked in I was a broken man, defeated. I couldn't bring myself to look at the menu and just feebly asked for a garlic bagel with bacon and avocado and the server, who clearly saw my plight, kindly obliged. The bagel was excellent, music excellent -they even played an Australian song each time we went, and the service the most friendly in the city. My associates have eaten here twice and had amazing bagels each time.
When I left I was still broken, but at least I had a delicious bagel.Although this place is cute inside it is stupid expensive and I have never disliked a breakfast sandwich as much as I disliked this one.  I will never go back.  I got a sausage, egg and cheese on an everything bagel sandwich.  The sandwich was $7 plus I felt bad not tipping so I threw $1 in the tip jar...so $8 for an ok bagel, barely any egg, a sausage patty that was clearly made there which normally I'd applaud except the flavor was gross and this weird awful mayo-like dressing on the inside of the bagel that was just gross.
Maybe this is just my tastes, but I'm pretty open to a lot of different foods, variations and styles and this was just not one I enjoyed.Great friendly service, cute cafe, good choices! The bagel itself was better than the sandwich I got. The sauce was a little heavy and sat in my stomach a bit, but I really liked the actual bagel. I wouldn't get the sandwich again, but which I had tried plain bagels with the topping choices.This is a quick grab and go breakfast spot. Food is consistently good. Staff is wonderful. Coffee tastes a little funky. You can sit in and eat but seems like most people just grab and go.There aren't a ton of bagel shops in Philadelphia and I was excited to find this shop on my way to work. They aren't open Mondays which was weird to me since I feel more prone to buy breakfast on Mondays to make the best out of the beginning of the work week. They have different flavors of bagels that you wouldn't find in other shops, the only "traditional" flavors were plain and poppy seed. They serve drinks but nothing special - coffee, tea, iced tea, orange juice. I got the black sesame seed bacon egg and cheese sandwich. They put an aioli on the sandwich which is interesting...not sure if I like it, the flavor kind of overpowers the sandwich. My biggest issue is the price, it was $7 just for the sandwich. I can walk across the street and get a drink and breakfast sandwich for the same price at Starbucks. I regret getting black sesame seed and I wish it was traditional sesame seed since they already have poppy seed. The seeds get stuck easily in your teeth so bring floss! The sandwich was fine, just not worth the cost and will keep me from going back.I don't think a weekend is successful unless I go to Knead. I have been going here for years and it has only gotten better!
I usually get a roasted veggie cream cheese on a plain bagel with avocado. Sometimes I get a bacon, egg and cheese with avocado on a plain bagel. They are both so good it's hard to pick between them! 
I really enjoy the classics but every time I have branched out, I have also had a great experience. I recently tried the fennel bagel and I'm now thinking this will be my regular order. 
Their cold brew is also great so if you like coffee, make sure you get it. 
Pro tip: always say yes to their aioli. It is life changing.Knead does bagels well! Polite staff serving up unique but tasty flavors. I had a togarashi (spicy Japanese) bagel with kimchi cream cheese and a drip coffee. Bagel was soft but chewy/crunchy as a bagel should be. Spread had some tart and spicy kimchi flavor that really set this combo apart! Also the coffee did not taste burned as it does at so many other places. Two thumbs up!Stopped in on a Sunday morning for breakfast around 9am. Only 1 register so things move a bit slower but it didn't affect my experience there. I had the asparagus omelet sandwich with Asiago, preserved lemon, and green garlic pesto on a Za'atar bagel for $7 (check out their Instagram for an amazing pic). It was so flavorful and filling. They definitely don't skimp on ingredients but it reflects in the prices. If I'm ever in philly again I'll definitely be back for moreA good bagel shop with exactly what you'd expect.
It's hard to write a longer review than the summary above.  This store is exactly what you expect in a good shop: good bagels, standard menu options, friendly people.  Places like this keep your expectations high without standing out in any significant way.  Uniqueness doesn't mean it's good, nor does commonness mean it's bad.  If Knead were as common as Einstein Bros. the world would be a better place.
[The iced coffee is a few steps above expectation.]Stopped in for the first time the other day. Decided to just try their bagels without any of their somewhat unusual spreads or oddball varieties. Plain bagel with NOTHING in it set me back $1.50. You kidding me? For a plain dry bagel? It wasn't any better than any other Philly bagel that I've had and certainly not worth a buck and a half.Even at 10:30am on a weekday, their bagels are fresh! Got an everything bagel with plain cream cheese and an everything bagel with egg & cheese. Very affordable and filling! Will definitely be back.I ordered a roast beef sandwich from Knead via Try Caviar and the bagel that was delivered was hard/stale. Really tough to eat.Knead fails at the most important part of bagel making: a crisp, golden brown crust. The bagels are pale, doughy and lacking the pillowy interior and toothsome exterior that a great bagel needs.Just walking...saw bagel place. After negotiating an over-eager customer's rush to the door, made it inside. 
Was informed that there was no need to toast my everything bagel with poblano cream cheese. Probably right call.
I'd come back.Wow, very unimpressed. Maybe they have unique bagel options that other reviewers like (and masks the true bagel-making skills), but I had a standard poppy seed bagel, and it was probably the worst (non-chain) bagel I've had in Philly. Very little flavor, way too chewy, etc. It tasted like someone punched a hole through a standard kaiser roll. I had a hard time finishing the whole thing, which for a basic staple as this, is something I've never said before. Go elsewhere: Spread, South St, Fill-a-bagel, whomever Whole Foods/Mugshots, OCF coffee carries (places I get bagels)...anywhere else, really. I know Philly doesn't have tons of good bagels places, but, seriously?
And NOT cheap! Holy crap. It actually makes me angry. $3 for a crappy poppy bagel and plain cream cheese? Yikes!Have been to Knead twice now, and know that I will be back when I'm having a craving for interesting bagel/shmear combinations!  The first time I had the fennel seed & salt bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese, and it was DIVINE. Tasted like pizza somehow. Really satisfying, took half home. The bagel was a bit tougher a few hours later, but still really good. A friend had the lox sandwich also on a fennel seed bagel and liked it a lot. However, 2 bagels and 2 waters came to over $20?!?!? A little pricey!
We went back again the following week, and he got the za'atar bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese (we're both fans!) and *loved* it.  I was debating between a breakfast sandwich (dying to try their housemade sausage!) and the special, which was a pepper (poblano?) bagel with garlicky cream cheese (that also had some green beans in it). I went with the special, and it was good but not as good as the fennel seed and salt. And again, 2 bagels and 2 waters and just under $20... definitely not an every day place. 
Keep it up, Knead!  Interesting combinations will keep me coming back. :) Already craving a fennel seed & roasted tomato!I was raised in North Jersey and I have unusually high expectations for bagels. Knead offers two options: regular bagel + spread combinations (ex: everything bagel with cream cheese) and non-traditional bagel + spread combinations. 
I went with non-traditional and ordered the Apricot Spice bagel and Lemon Goat Cheese spread. So creative and delicious. The bagel tasted fantastic. There are tons of flavor combinations not typically tasted in a bagel. (kimchi on a bagel? so cool. who does that?!)
I would definitely return for another of the non-traditional bagel + spread combos. The coffee was great also.I've waited too long to try this place out! Despite many tempting options, I went with lox on everything bagel, subbing regular cream cheese w kimchi cream cheese. I wish the bagel was a bit more toasted, but overall such a great breakfast option in the area. My husband had the egg sandwich w the turkey bacon, and raved about the turkey bacon.
I can't wait to try their more creative options, like fennel seed bagel with smoked liver... Or today's special like celery seed bagel w Bloody Mary cream cheese. Inspired creativity approach to food, great craft in the kitchen, and quality ingredients all make it a place id like to frequent. 
One area of improvement that makes me hold back a star is their operations. I was there during the weekend rush, and the wait was a bit longer than expected for bagel sandwich and the waiting line / area was a bit cramped and may benefit from improved order taking and reconfiguration.
I also noticed that they deliver AND have morning happy hour for bagels + coffee!Just had the best egg and cheese bagel I've had...ever, pretty much. It was more like an egg and cheese omelette on a bagel. Delicious! The aioli was a little overpowering when paired with an everything bagel, but I still enjoyed it. I will definitely go back.Bagel (togarashi) was quite good, but the coffee was not. The cream cheese (scallion lime) was also quite good, but the spread quantity is less than generous--i.e., it stays more or less contained by the bagel, which is great if you want to avoid making a mess while eating but not so great if you love cream cheese. The sandwich list looked awesome, if a tad bit pricey, so I will be back to try one of those at some point soon.
Also bears mention that the staff was extremely friendly and had me and in out the door in well under five minutes on a Friday around 8:45 a.m.Knead was always a great place to get bagels, but their staff is consistently fantastic. The first time I went there I gave the cashier asked my name and treated me like a friend. 
Today, I was in a rush and didn't notice that they had accidentally switched my bagel until I was 6 blocks away. I went back to Knead and the cashier apologised profusely and said that she had tried to track me down. (It wasn't her fault. I was running to catch the bus and had my headphones in.) She made me a new bagel sandwich and gave me a refund as well. The food and customer service here are beyond any that I've experienced in town and keeps me coming back.Alright I had to stop mid meal to write this but it's quite possibly my favorite breakfast sandwich in the city - and you're hearing from a guy who averages 2-3 per week. 10.50 for a sambo and a coffee is steep as hell but if you don't mind paying it's 1000% worth itBest bagel's I've ever had!! Crunchy on the outside, doughy & chewy on the inside. Bagel utopia. Really great coffee, spreads, friendly service. Great addition to the area, can't wait for the full lunch menu to start!Delicious bagels in a city that is very much lacking in good bagels. It's a wonderful, locally owned bagel shop with unique bagels and cream cheeses. The staff are friendly and always remember my whole family's order. And BONUS they have high chairs and a small seating area if you'd like to stay to enjoy your meal :)We decided to try out Knead Bagels this morning. Rode our bikes to old city and locked up in Washington square, a block up from Knead. The line was relatively short for s Sunday, took us 15 to get through. We both ordered bacon, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel. I also ordered s coffee - dark and strong. The sandwich was good. Came with an aolie sauce that had great flavor. The bacon was also cooked perfectly - nice crunch. I was somewhat disappointed with the bagel itself. It was chewy and somewhat hard to get through for being freshly made. It wasn't even warm, which surprised me. To specialize in bagels and that be the weakest part of your sandwich was a little disappointing to me. Next time I will try just a bagel and spread and maybe my opinion will change. We will see...Tried the lavender and vanilla honey cream cheese and it was amazing! Remember to tell them to toast your bagel cause if you don't, they won't automatically do it!Excellent joint. Good coffee, amazing bagels. I got scallion lime cream cheese  with the recommended bagel, which eludes my memory at the time. But it's great. I want to try their bagel w homemade sausage next time. A definite stop next time in this neck of the hood.Excellent bagel choices & creative sandwich specials. Chili rubbed pork belly with cherry pepper aioli - yum!!! Coffee was mediocre but you don't go there for that, you go for the food. Friendly staff too :)This place has been an excellent addition to the food scene in the Washington Square area.  While the menu is limited, the offerings are of very high quality and the daily specials are always inventive. This is not a place where you will find super sweet offerings or crazy bagel and spread pairings, but instead is a place that serves high quality and seasonal spreads with mostly either herbaceous or spiced bagels. Some of the best offerings include the pastrami spiced bagel, which is heavy on the peppercorns as well as the togarashi spiced bagel. Their spreads are mostly savory and even the ones that sound like they might be sweet are often not (ie. blood orage cream cheese). My everyday favorite is the togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese, but the best specials I have had over time have been the BBQ bagel with pickled apricot cream cheese, the wasabi pea bagel with carrot cream cheese, and the dill bagel with spicy pickle cream cheese (on special now!!).  Their sandwiches are also good, but maybe slightly over priced in my opinion and you cannot go wrong with the whitefish salad bagel either. The coffee at Knead is also quite good and the soups vary in consistency.  Overall, this is definitely a place to try if you want a high quality bagel in Philly with uniquely paired spreads...but beware, once they sell out of a particular variety for the day (ie. their specials), you are out of luck until the next day.  Also, they are not open on Mondays...found this out the hard way!Love this bagel shop.  Casual vibe with fancy level flavors.  The bagels are insanely delicious and unique.  Their specials are always new and exciting.  I loved a salt and vinegar bagel I had with root beer cream cheese.  But don't be scared! There are plenty of flavors for a more traditional eater too.  
Customer service is great and go more than once and they'll know your name.  
Pro tip: be your coworkers favorite person and pick up discounted cream cheese and bagels in the afternoon for the next morning.Got this delicious egg-kale-gouda bagel thing. SO GOOD. If I lived here, I'd probably obsess over this spot! :-)Great bagels! Everything is fresh and they always come up with great new ideas for bagels. There are two reasons that this awesome place did not get 5 stars:
1. It's pricey for a bagel place and even normal bagels are expensive 
2. The coffee is terrible. I hate to say anything negative about this place, but the coffee honestly tasted so bad that it felt like it was going to burn a hole through my stomach. I was offered free coffee and refused after having tasted it. 
Other than the coffee, this place is a must go!It was all good! The bagels are toothsome, my sandwich was not. Service was friendly and the non sweetened! Ice tea simply awesome. I'm so glad my usual spot was super crowded and I checked out knead.The staff here always greet you with a big smile! The breakfast bagels are so good and come out cut perfectly. I also love that they have so many cream cheese selections...and the food is fairly priced. Definitely a spot to try!We had the kale, smoked Gouda, pimento sandwich on flax and egg and cheese on everything. These were delicious! Good cold brew, too. We also ordered half a dozen bagels. When we got home- they only gave us five. They were busy, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that it's an honest mistake. But for well over $20 for the whole order, I should get all the bagels I asked for.Love their bagels, don't love their special sauce they put on the breakfast sandwiches (my roommate loves it though!) Pretty cute inside to sit and have a casual breakfast.Amazing bagels! I love the lavender bagel with vanilla honey cream cheese. I admit that I was hesitant when they said that they don't toast the bagels. But the bread is super fresh. The service is great and I've never encountered anyone here with a bad attitude. :)I really like this place and think that they have a good product. The staff is very friendly as well however the service is a bit on the slow side and the prices are a little steep for me. Thats the biggest reason for my three star review. I'm always on the cusp of whether or not to come in because I can't justify $7 breakfast sandwich (even with house made sausage). 
But overall great atmosphere and would love more if not so pricey.Sunday morning early-waker-upper over here got herself this breakfast sandwich today, and MMMWAH! 
(Does the chef style kissy-fingers gesture into the sky)
Once again it was tasty business. 
I'm here to tell you all about one of my favorite breakfast sandwiches happenin today: It is the Kale and Smoked Gouda Pimento Egg Sandwich. I get it on an everything. I think it's just crazy delicious. 
We've been steady sampling the non traditional, extra inventive bagel pairings and have definitely enjoyed, while repeating, "Hmmm, interesting, interesting..." to an extent that most human people would have to find insufferable. I liked the kimchee cream cheese, but I haven't felt a calling to buy it by the vat...as I have with some of the others.  
Always with the interesting specials, this place. The besssssst one for me, so far, was that ramp cream cheese that happened this Spring. Green, green with tons ramps and you could taste some good olive oil and a lil lil sea salt. The texture was luxurious. I'm just telling you the truth. "Buy it by the vaaaat," the voices whispered.
I keep coming back to that breakfast sandwich, though, and I'll tell you the magnet draw. Yeah, again I'm gonna go on and on about a cream cheese concoction. 
It's the red-orangey pimento cheese, smacked with smokey Gouda. It turns out to be your baconish flavor component of the morning, in cream cheese form, paired with the scrambled egg and lightly sauteed kale up in the sandwich. It's flavor-packed, and all warm and soft, and yet still appropriately dense with bagel chew. It's so damn good. I repeat, the smoked gouda pimento cheese spread is an excellent invention. And I love it.Have tried this bagel shop twice now and had great experiences both times! They have a more "creative" menu of breakfast sandwiches and spreads. I really like the bacon egg and cheese sandwich with aioli! The staff is super sweet and upbeat. They don't have a crazy long wait which I also like. There is limited indoor seating, so plan on taking your breakfast to go!This is one of my favorite bagel places. So many unique varieties. Staff is always pleasant and quick to keep the orders moving. Reasonably priced meals. It is nice findind a place that opens before 7 AM. Open for breakfast and lunch.This place is amazing! Great fresh bagels and spreads: the lavender honey cream cheese and poblano cream cheese are my favorites and pair perfectly with their fresh coffee during their morning "happy hour." When it comes to lunch I usually opt for the turkey sandwich on everything bagel with a side Caesar salad. Staff is awesome and always friendly no matter how early in the morning!It's a little on the fancy side, and a sandwich takes longer to procure than I would like, but the bagels are good, and the spreads are inventive. I love having this breakfast/lunch option so close to work.My friends and I were in town for work and stopped in for breakfast twice as it was close to our hotel and had great reviews. On the second morning two different members of the staff not only remembered our names but also saved my whole trip and quickly grabbed and stashed my bag for me when I accidentally left it behind. Awesome food, awesome people, what more can you ask for?Get there early because they get super busy, and for good reason.  I got the daily special with pastrami and egg...so delicious.Knead is the bomb. Plenty of vegetarian and some vegan options. Their cream cheese is so good that I've never actually gotten an egg sandwich - just a bagel with cream cheese :)
My favorites are the fennel and sea salt bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese and the black sesame bagel with sweet potato curry cream cheese. They also have some salads and bagel banh mi.
 Plus, the staff is so nice! Just be sure to get there early - they close at 2:00pm.I have been following Knead Bagels on social media before they opened.  A new bagel place to philly, how could I not? I have been searching and searching for a good bagel place for years now so had to try it the first weekend it was open (last weekend).  The smell of bagels that hits you when you enter the door is amazing.  I ordered just an everything bagel with cream cheese. The bagel was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was a good tasting bagel. I just wish it was a little bigger and had a lot more seeds on it (and on both sides of the bagel).  My fiance ordered the pastrami spiced bagel with smoked chopped liver and he said it was very good.Hard to justify $10 for a coffee and a breakfast sandwich but the ladies there are just so nice!!!This. Is. The. Best. Bagel. Shop. In. Philly. 
They have traditional bagels and spreads but also more thoughtful, creative fare as well. The menu changes pretty regularly too. Get the goat cheese and honey cream cheese. AmazingThis place takes bagel creativity to a new high. They have very interesting flavors (togarashi anyone) blended with the traditional egg and cheese. Wait is never very long. Wish they had more peculiar drinks to match. Only downside is that they can't always get their orders correct. Sometimes you order an exotic mouthful only to go home to a plain old bagel with some lox.Awesome, friendly staff. Super fresh bagels that are the perfect balance of crunchy outside, chewy inside. I wish I could tell you all about their awesome variety of specialty cream cheeses, but I am hooked on the kimchee flavor and haven't been able to get past the craving it inspires to try anything else!This shop has a fun and adventurous variety of bagels and cream cheese spreads, such as black sesame with potato curry or lavender with vanilla honey. They also have a lot of different sandwiches if youre looking for something heavier. 
I went for the first time today and got a togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese..it was so good! It wasn't spicy at all. Usually i scrape off a lot of cream cheese because i always feel it's too much, but today i had every bite! My friend got a coriander bagel with jalapeno cream cheese, which was also really good! Definitely will be going again.Since moving to Queen's Village a year and a half ago, I've been a huge fan of South Street Bagels.  Since Knead opened and reading reviews, I needed to try.  
Finally, i made the leap and tried Knead twice recently.  The first (kale and smoked gouda pimento on everything bagel) for takeout and the second (bacon, egg and cheese on everything bagel) for breakfast.  
Both were good, not great, and can't say I get the hype or price.
South Street Bagels is still king of the city in my book.Amazing taste. Friendly vibes. And that kale breakfast sandwich (add bacon) THOooo!!!!This place is fantastic. I've been coming here for a few months and have never been disappointed. They have a good selection of bagels and cream cheeses on their everyday menu, then they also have daily specials that are really great too. 
They suggest you don't get your bagel toasted because they bake fresh throughout the day. I was a little wary at first but they're definitely right that the bagels don't need toasting, some mornings my bagel is even still warm from the oven or whatever it is you cook a bagel in. 
Also the service is great, the people at the counter are friendly and keep the line moving quickly without making you feel rushed. And even if you get something more elaborate like their lunch special sandwich / salad combo, you don't have to wait too long for your order. 
#1 Bagel place in Center CityBest bagels lox I've ever had. Highly recommend going here. Also had a matcha bagel with cream cheese that was amazing.Great cold brew coffee and superfood bagel, egg, and cheese. Staff is fantastic too! Get there early as bagels will sell out.I'm a big bagel lover. This place is not a good bagel place. They try to do "non-traditional" bagels and spreads. So there is no scallion cream cheese, for example. There is scallion and lime cream cheese. It's not very good though. Obviously, cream cheeses should be a bit acidic, but this was too acidic and not salty enough. The everything bagel was slightly better than grocery store bagels. 
The aesthetic seems to be trying to the feel of Spread. It's sufficiently comfortable for me, but my partner really disliked it. The service, on the other hand, was clearly bad. The hipster attitude of the servers resulted in  unacceptably slow bagels and coffee (even though there was only one other person here at the time).  They also gave us a small coffee even though we paid for a large. 
I came from west philly to try these bagels on my birthday. I had a good time but that was despite Knead.I'm from New York and this was the best bagel place I have been too so far in Philly! I got a egg sandwich with the homemade pork sausage, cheese, and their aoili - a little pricey for an egg sandwich but so worth it- the bagels tasted fresh and authentic not like crappy chain store bagels. So many interesting bagels and cream cheese flavors and specials, I can't wait to go back again. Also the staff is wonderfully sweet and helpful!I've been to Knead 3 times so far.  I LOVE bagels.  I expect bagels to be worth the carb intake.  In this case, they totally are!  
The decor is simple and sweet - homemade feel which felt comfortable without being too overdone or staging a "theme".  I talked to the barista and she explained that the pictures in frames on the wall were family members and influential people of the owners.  Cute way to pay homage.  The bagel selections are very unique, and full of flavor. 
I love that they suggest combinations for the equally unique housemade cream cheese flavors but there's also flexibility in combining your own match. I even loved the flavor of my husband's chicken liver pate! The tea selection is perfect for all weather (coming from an avid tea drinker) and Mighty Leaf tea is one of my favorite brands so I was happy to get a proper cup with my bagel.
Service was nice and friendly.  None of that "why are you interrupting my banal coffee shop talk" kind of attitude from the baristas.  I know there are some small kinks they are working out as they are still new, but I think this one's a keeper on Walnut.  At least I hope so for my sake!By far the BEST bagel sandwich I've EVER had...!!! I had the breakfast sausage egg and cheese on everything bagel! My first bite had me savoring it for 5 minutes it was so good! OG sausage recipe combined with the perfect egg (and I don't like eating eggs out) And cheesy deliciousness...!!! They got me hooked! I'll definitely come back and try something different. There's just so much to explore! Not to mention the staff was super friendly and attentive. Comfortable, fun chill vibe, great service and AMAZING BAGELS!!! Must try!Bagels were ok. These were ny style bagels and they were ok but I was looking for something more on the sweet side. Got a plain bagel with vanilla and honey cream cheese- the cream cheese was kind of salty believe it or not. It wasn't completely what I was looking for so I ended up only eating a quarter off the bagel. The coffee was fine but the cup had a leak in it.At 830am, it is not that packed in here. I came here and got a bagel with cream cheese and lox. It was good, good portions and service was friendly. They have a good variety of breakfast sandwiches. I'm excited to try more!"Hipster bagel spot" or not, it's delicious. I was very surprised by the gourmet bagels and can't wait to try each and every one. I went back two days in a row! Service is great. The shop is small and clean, plenty of tables to sit. I love it here! So glad there is a fresh bagel shop near my apartment/office.Awesome menu fall of creative and delicious sandwich options, as well as spreads; but the bagels are absolutely the stars here!! They offer all of your traditional bagels, as well as some great non-traditional options!
They're great for breakfast or lunch, and I usually take a dozen bagels to go!I went here after I saw someone eating a bagel sandwich for lunch the other day because my cravings set in to get one for myself. After asking friends a good place to get something similar, they suggested this spot so I hopped on Yelp to check it out and I was set on my way. I should up about 45 minutes before they closed but it was still pretty busy. There wasn't a line and I waited no more than 5 minutes for my sandwich to make its appearance. I went for something simple and cheap, the whitefish salad; but had I had more money in my bank account and more time to wait for something, I would have gone for the BBQ brisket option. Everyone was friendly and it was cute, small, and clean inside. My only complaint was that my bagel tasted a little stale, but keep in mind I showed up end of business day so I'll make sure to check it out a little earlier in the day if my schedule allows!STOP GOING TO STARBUCKS.  Knead has the best coffee in this area.  Part of it is being Elixir beans but you still have to know how to make it.  Bacon egg cheese bagels are insanely good also.  Plus the people are so nice which makes me a regular.  Kinda has a Portland, OR feel to the place.Not only are these delicious bagels and cream cheese flavors, but they're also really inventive, taking your bagel experience to the next level. I loved my Togarashi Bagel with Lime Scallion cream cheese and the fact that this was one of the recommended combinations - I never would have put this combo together on my own, but it really works! I can't wait to return and try some others.My boyfriend is from NYC and approves of these bagels which is saying a lot from a native New YorkerI wish I could wake up every morning and eat their bagels and not gain a pound. Best bagels ever, hands down. Coffee Cure Pork Belly bagel, I think that is what heaven taste like. And everyone who works there is so happy and nice.First time here. Had a poor experience ! Ordered a bagel in the morning and realized it was cold! Went back and asked them why it wasn't toasted and they pointed to a small sign with size 8 font saying they don't toast bagels unless you ask. The majority of people want toasted bagels...the courteous thing to do is ask the customer if they'd like it toasted. I apologized and said it was my first time, could they make me a new bagel. They said i would have to repay for it to cover the cost of the food. I have been to 5 star restaurants that will remake you food if you just didn't like it..but your telling me a BAGEL  ...flour and water and a tablespoon of cream cheese is worth a dissatisfied customer with an honest misunderstanding ?
On tap of that the manager was rude and smirking at me during our conversation and further more rolled her eyes at me! I am so surprised at the poor level of professionalism. These bagels could taste good..I would not know because I couldn't really taste the lavender or the vanilla but I think it was due to it being cold. 
I don't care if this was the best spot in the city. Due to the unreasonableness of the management and the poor customer service.I love Knead Bagels. They have the best bagels in Philly and their service is excellent. My favorite is the lavender bagel with the vanilla honey cream cheese. They also have an excellent breakfast sandwich with aioli. They also have amazing specials that change each week. If you are visiting philly, eating at Kneads is a must!!This bagel shop receives steady foot traffic, and for good reason.  The togarashi bagels deliver a great surprise kick, especially paired with soft eggs, kale, and smoked gouda pimento.  I only wish there more vegetarian options, but the bagel and dressings menu is diverse enough for all walks of life.This is my go to place for breakfast by work. You cannot beat their breakfast happy hour!!
My favorite so far is the flax seed bagel with cinnamon raisin cream cheese. So deliciously good with their coffee. I am planning to try their other bagels and spreads, but it's so hard to stray away from my fav. 
**Just an fyi, they are closed on Mondays**