I get the Rachel (turkey reuben) when I go here.  It's always filling and delicious - one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The butchers are really nice and sometimes offer samples of meat and cheese if the lunch rush is slowing things down.
Whenever I go here, I consider it a treat.  Unfortunately, this is not a good thing.  The sandwiches are pricey and the wait is excruciatingly long at times.  It sucks that I can only go here when I have some time to kill and have some money burning in my pocket.  Otherwise, I'd be here much more often.Seriously? Why did it take me so long to find you, my love. So good.
Growing up in New York, I've had my share of some of the best Jewish deli's in the world. Now, I'm not saying this is as good as those, but that's mainly because it's more of a sandwich shop, than it is a full blown deli.
But seriously! There sandwiches are radonkulous. It's not just that they are tasty, but they have outrageous combinations.
I got the Restaurant School Special. Check it. Corned Beef. Yum. Honey Turkey. Yum. Brisket of beef. Yum. Hot Pepper Cheese. Yum. Coleslaw. Goodness. Slap on some Russian dressing. All this in a triple decker marble rye bread. Yeah, you know it, radonkulous!!!
They didn't have much in sides. macaroni salad, coleslaw, and potato salad, and a couple of other things like pickles and Kosher tomatoes. I got the mac salad. It was as good as you can get.
They had a few interesting deserts. We got the orange cake and chocolate cheesecake. They tasted pretty good. But my main hangup, and main reason for giving them four stars and not five, is they wrapped them in wax paper. I mean, how stupid is that? The good stuff came off and was all over the wax paper.
So, go get them sandwiches, but if you're doing delivery, save your money on the deserts.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iZNR8-rqsBL2afDk4Zxe8A?select=uZszvbl0ccHaqDgxbZuBng&utm_source=oshareLOL 
took basically an hour for 3 sandwiches to make
what i like about this place is that they are really friendly
like any other reviews you read.. you wait FOEVER for your sandwich?
at least they feed me while i was waiting!!! 
i think i like that part better than the sandwich itself. 
but its a place you need to try if you want something different when waiting for your sandwichAmazing place.  Super friendly owner and massive sandwiches.  Come hungry!!!  Wishing I lived in Philly!!!The deli has a great selection of meats and cheeses. I really enjoy their hot pastrami and Swiss sandwich. They also give out samples while they are making sandwiches which are always welcome. I take my 2 year old with me and he likes to look at all the pictures of satisfied customers while munching on samples.This is probably the best deli i have ever been to. Ezra, who runs the place, gave us so much food i didnt know what to do with all of it. 
I got the hot pastrami sandwich and it was ridiculously good. Ezra is the man and Koch's deli is a must for anyone hungry in the city of Philadelphia. However long it takes...its worth it.Sandwiches are insanely good. And meats are extremely fresh and tasty. 3 stars bc customer service is not good. Waited 45 minutes with 2 people in front of me when I walked in. They said there were a lot of delivery orders but that's still pretty unacceptable. I get it delivered now.I ate lunch here today for the first time, and have to say, it was an interesting experience. The shop itself appears a little run-down and beaten-up, but the awards and accolades along with the pictures of the owners give it a sweet charm. It really feels like a genuine Jewish deli - and you don't see that many places in Philly. 
My negatives were that a couple menu items were unavailable, and LevelUp no longer is functioning here. However, the food and service were great. I got a sample of "honey turkey" and then had to have it for my hoagie! I shared the hoagie with a friend, and it was the perfect-sized lunch for both of us. 
I will probably be back again some time soon to try something different!Order ahead.   Wayyyyy ahead.  People are nice enough and it's clean with a good selection.  I had a chicken cheese steak that took an hour and 15 minutes to make and was gross.  Everyone else in our group was happy with their food.1. Show up at Koch's
2. Order the Jewish Hoagie
3. Marvel at the amount of meat and ingredients loaded on
4. Tell yourself there is no way you can eat the entire sandwich
5. Do it anyways
6. Love/hate yourself for eating the whole delicious sandwich
7. Repeat and wish this spot wasn't in the middle of nowhereJust ordered the Jewish hoagie with Russian dressing and sweet peppers. It may be $12, but that was more than enough for the two of us. They loaded it up with meats and cheese, no skimping here. We ordered delivery on Eat24 and it was a very reasonable wait time. I definitely will order from here again.Warning: once you've experienced Koch's, you'll never look at sandwiches the same way again! Seriously, it's that good. I really can't say anything that hasn't already been said numerous times in much better reviews than I am capable of writing, but I will sum it up for you in three words: Koch's is awesome. This not an ordinary deli, it is a west Philadelphia landmark. It almost doesn't matter what I order; if it's on the menu it will taste good. 
Most sandwiches will set you back eight to ten bucks, but it's well worth it. You can't get this quality anywhere else. The portions are huge and all the ingredients are as fresh as can be. If you don't know what you want, talk to the staff. They are knowledgeable, friendly, and know what they're doing. This deli is takeout only, although there are tables and chairs outside. There is free parking across the street in the CVS lot.It's an hour and a half later and still haven't received my delivery order (tuna hoagie).Koch's is the real deal! Ezra is awesome and hooked us up with some tasty treats while we waited for our delicious Philly Cheese Steaks! 
Seriously awesome old school deli. Looking forward to my next visit to Phili and hitting this joint againWalked in to try a Jewish Hoagie while waiting on my laundry to dry. The place is small and cramped. It is in need of a good cleaning as well.
The sandwich only took about 10 minutes. There was some old folks ahead of me, but they had ordered a hot sandwich. So the "sandwich artist" made my Jewish right away.
I took it out to the table at the front and chowed down. It was pretty great. The best sandwich I have had in a while. Filled with meat, great bread, and dripping with deliciousness.
I would go back for sure. It'd be nice if they renovated, but with the small space they have that's probably not happening ever.Remember when Cliff birthed a hoagie during a dream sequence on "The Cosby Show?"  If I could spawn a hoagie, it would be like one from Koch's.  Their sandwiches are the stuff of dreams.  
You've gotta get them with everything.  If you don't, you'll not only miss out on a condiment flavor explosion...but the managers may degrade you and your undressed sandwich by calling it a "Wawa hoagie"......snap!My boyfriend and I ordered sandwiches to go (recommendation from his friend). I went to school in UCity and had never been before. As I was getting my hair cut, my boyfriend waited the 45 min for our sandwiches. He said the service was unnecessarily slow (the guys didn't start making the sandwiches until well after he had ordered them).
I ordered the PCOM. He ordered the Restaurant School special. We also got the Lou Koch special and the Drexel special for my sister and her boyfriend.
Overall we all thought the sandwiches were just okay. They were very large but unfortunately nothing to rave about.I would put this place on par with some of the best kosher deli's I've eaten at.
The owner Mr Sabbatt is friendly and quite a character. While I was waiting for my Reuben he offered me free samples; pickles, shaved ham, shaved roast beef & provolene cheese.
He told me he had been in business for 65 years.
The Reuben was exceptional, it was perfect, it was delicious with fresh ingredients.
The only down side is there is no dine in option.So before I start, I have to say, I grew up in NYC and worked in a Deli most of my life.  My blood runs rampant with the nitrates from Boars Head.  I may only live to 50, but my body will be pickled forever thanks to Brunkhorst Meats in their shiny red and black trucks.  I was spoiled as far as delicatessens go.  So, everything is based off that Bias.  
The sandwiches are expensive but they are huge.  I am an eater.  I have been known to pack away 40 ounces of prime rib at a time and then finish my wife's left overs. That's why i go to the gym so much.  I had the PENN Special, and man, I had to leave 1/2 for later.  As far as the flavor, some of the meats lack flavor.  The salami is good, but the toungue left something to be desired.  it lacked flavor.  The texture was good, but it just lacked flavor.  Its a nice deli, good portions, and if I pay ten bucks for something that makes me wait to finish it later, i think its a good deal.  It would be 4 stars all the way if the flavor was a bit better with some of the meats, but I think I found a place to keep the nitrates pumping in my veins!!  Woohoo.  Even better is the fact that I don't have to go there.  Delivery through Campus food.com.  I havenever actually been in there, maybe one day.Ezra let's you try everything and anything. We tried the Blondie and the Italian hoagie and it was amazing. Going to Koch's is like dinner and a show ...an absolute must when in Philadelphia!the most absurd sandwiches you will ever encounter.  and i mean that in the best way possible.  these babies are crafted with care and it shows. i've never been during lunch, so i can't vouch for the service then, but otherwise the staff is fantastic, very sweet and chatty.  in fact, just yesterday, while waiting for my turkey reuben, i had the pleasure of learning about the 2 different sides of the aluminum foil they use to wrap  the sammies in.  go to koch's, you may just learn something.I can't believe it's taken me this long to discover this place! A friend first introduced me to Koch's about 2 months ago, and I've been at least 5 times since. My usual is the LBK special, which is nice and light with the turkey, lettuce, tomato and cole slaw, but super flavorful with the roast beef and rye bread. I've heard the drexel, upenn, and hot pastrami are equally as good. The owner is always giving out free samples of meat and pickles, and last time he even offered me a free cupcake for walking a blind man down the street (no joke). It's definitely on the pricier side for a sandwich, but each one has 1/2 lb of meat or so, so you're getting your moneys worth. SERIOUSLY a must if you live anywhere in the area!They make the best sandwiches I've ever had. There is a wait but it is definitely worth it! I get Koch's every single time I visit Philadelphia. It is a must visit and they never skimp on the meat.Pros:
friendly people, small hole-in-the-wall place with local charm
free cold cut samples/pickles while you wait
sandwiches are pretty tasty
old guy at the counter flirts with you
Cons:
you will definitely wait, especially when it gets crowded (but even when it isn't)
things that aren't free samples are expensive - over $10 per sandwich on average
sandwiches are pretty tasty but not necessarily over $10 tasty, and I think they've gotten smaller lately
old guy at the counter flirts with you
Overall assessment: A-OK. I'll come here for a sandwich if I'm doing laundry next door and am feeling too lazy to go anywhere else. However, I don't come here too often because $10+ can get me a better-valued meal elsewhere, especially when it comes to takeout places.SO worth the wait. I came here with some friends on a Sunday at noon and there were 4 orders ahead of us. We waited for an hour so needless to say, our anticipation was building. 
The owner (I'm assuming that's who it was) is amazing. Despite the line of customers, he took the time to entertain and keep people smiling. At one point, he put some turkey and pickles on the counter top for us to try! Then, when my friend ordered her sandwich, he let her try the mustard and the Russian dressing so she could decide. This made it a fun experience!
It's a Jewish deli so I couldn't resist the nova and cream cheese on an everything bagel. It was incredible! Loaded with lox, the perfect amount of cream cheese and tomato. My friends' sandwiches were to-die-for. I'll definitely be back to try the pastrami that everyone is raving about! 
This place is 100% worth the wait.I have been to Koch's twice and sampled 4 sandwiches.  The first time   I overlooked a lot because the food was just so damn good.  The second time the food was not that good as the meat was fatty and the orders were not correct.  It caused me to look at the place with a more critical eye.
First of all the place is a real dump.  Dirty.  Prep area filled with the days worth of food remnants.  Deli case also dirty with contents just dumped on the shelves.  Dessert section piled with uncovered food and used wrappings.
Several people have talked about the friendly service.  That was an experience I certainly missed.  No greeting, no pleasantries and a barking whose next was the extent of the conversation.
I think that this joint is lucky to have the reputation that it does and have a ton of hungry students as customers because it sure is not welcoming or that good. I may go back but I am not going out of my way to beg them for their food anytime soon.This place is about knowing your neighbor. This place is about remembering to have a conversation with people and to slow down. If you are in a hurry, call ahead - but even then dont expect an immediate in and out. This place takes their time and gives you your time and money's worth. This is the kind of place my grandmother would have gone to. Going in is all part of the experience. The staff is lively and quirky and even a bit overwhelming but you leave feeling like you and your juicy, irresistible hot pastrami sandwich can take on the world. And you will eat every bite, even when you know you shouldn't. 
Oh and complementary samples and pickles to keep you coming for more. Im hooked.As a Penn student in the early 90's, I frequented this place.  I remember I would have to phone my order in ahead of time, wait in line and while waiting indulge on free munchies (cookies, brownies etc) while waiting for my order to be filled.  As a New Yorker, I never thought I would find a good old fashion Jewish Deli while studying away from home.  This place  will always be a favorite.The place is old and looked really unsanitary in my opinion but I ordered anyway to see what the hype was all about. I waited 30 mins for 2 sandwiches to be made. They were definitely too expensive for the quality of sandwich. Many more alternatives in the area that are priced more reasonably and are of higher quality.Soooo good, its small, its cramped, but soooo good!
They are not fast, they are not cheap, there is no where to sit and wait, they treat you like your a family member.  But when you eat their masterful sandwichs you and your heart sing.
They are every bit as good as katz deli in nyc but without the having to go to ny to get it. Plus you dont havecto pay bridge tolls, gas, parking, driving thru the morons or the extra $5 you'll pay for your food just for being in ny!
Extra hint: park at the cvs across the street and run over, street parking is rough to find.Holy sandwich!!  This place is amazing!!!  First off, it's a great experience!  Upon walking in for the first time, the owner asked if I had been there before...when I said no he proceeded to chat with my husband and I while putting together the sandwiches.  He was so friendly and fed us pickles and fresh deli slices while we waited.  He clearly prides himself in making amazing (and VERY LARGE) sandwiches!!  He showed us how he makes the sandwiches and we were both incredibly impressed!!  Then it only got better when I tried my reuben...it was fantastic!   I love reuben's and have tried so many before, so it takes a really great reuben to impress me.  I would say the only thing (not a downside, but something to just keep in mind) is that he preps everything fresh so it does take a little while for your sandwich to be made (anywhere from 5-15 minutes) but he is just so entertaining we didn't mind at all!!  I felt like for our gourmet sandwiches were well worth the wait and we had such a great time that we didn't mind at all!  I am so glad we live close by and plan to go back often!  
You must try this place!!Best biggest hoagies in west philly. They always give out free samples of the meat they are cutting. Super nice too.  Been going there since 1976. Get the hoagies with "everything ". U will never be disappointed.Quick stop on our way out of town. The Reuben was delicious. They don't skimp on the meat here. Would highly recommend. It does take a few minutes for the sandwiches as they slice the meat as they go but well worth the wait.Overrated and painfully slow. Ordered a sandwich for pickup, an hour later, it wasn't ready and had to stand around for 30 minutes while he made other sandwiches before making mine. If you have all day to stand around waiting for a subpar hoagie, go for it.
Also, I know people who tried to have Koch's cater a work event and they were three hours late. Effectively, missing the event entirely. Who even does that?Koch's is cool and quirky mixed together. Some people have noted you have to wait a little for your made-to-order (including the slicing of the meats and cheeses) sandwich.  You do.  Is that the end of the world?.  If you have a class to get to in 5 minutes or you're about to deliver a baby, don't stop here.  But if you can chill a bit, you'll be rewarded with personable service, some free samples, and a  healthy-sized sandwich as rewards. Quality of meats is excellent and the menu is large enough to accommodate your taste craving of the day.  And the old, slightly ramshackle look inside - well, that's just because it's Koch's.It's 11/23/2015.  Approx. 7 days since I had this sandwhich...and I am still thinking about it.   Go...Go and try it before it's tooo late!I had to give Koch's Deli five stars because it is the ONLY deli I go to in Philadelphia when I want a deli sandwich, specifically a corned beef special, which  is H-U-G-E and always delicious! 
And the service is incredibly friendly.  Every time I go, it seems that the folks there are always in a friendly dialogue with a customer. 
During this visit, while a customer was being waited on in front of me, the man serving him -- I'm so sorry that I forgot his name! :-( -- offered me a slice of pickle.  So cool.  Since I'd called ahead (which I strongly recommend), he knew my name and called it out to be sure it was me.  
When it was my turn, he recommended a "half pastrami" sandwich, which he made for me to taste.  O-M-G!  It was SO delicious that it made me dance.  (I dance when I'm eating really good food.)  The sandwich includes pastrami, cheese (swiss?) and deli mustard.  So simple, yet so delicious.  When he saw how much I was enjoying the half pastrami sandwich, he took a picture of me eating it for their Facebook page.  
You must have the deli mustard.  It totally makes the sandwich.  When I told him how much I enjoyed the mustard in that sandwich, he gave me a bit of the mustard to take with me.
In the end, Koch's Deli is more than a destination stop when in Philadelphia.  It's an experience.  What are you waiting for?  Go!Although I like that the sandwiches are bigger than your head and they are certainly delicious, I find this place gets slightly more esteem than it deserves.  It's certainly good but essentially a deli - no more magically than any other I've seen.  
I will say I find the people that work there friendly and helpful.  Lunchtime brings a big crowd so be prepared to wait a bit.  The line moves fast and you'll be rewarded with a huge sandwich for a completely reasonable price.  I only wish there was a place to sit after purchasing - even if only a few more tables outside.I had the "Restaurant School" hoagie with spicey provolone and Russian dressing- Pretty outstanding. I have to give it 4 rather than 5 stars because the wait was about 45 minutes.Stopped there for lunch. The sandwich (restaurant school special) was pretty good, but the wait was a looong one. Our server wasn't the nicest also.The absolute best. Period. I have never had a sandwich like I had from Koch's in my life. They are large and extremely delicious. They have great specialty sandwiches, but if you want something simple they can make that too. Heck, they'll make you anything you want. Eat Koch's and enjoy. Your arteries won't forget it, and you won't regret it.Oh, Koch's Deli... Your awesomeness has induced me to stop being a yelp stalker and to actually write a review.  The sandwiches are huge and delicious. I ordered a couple of Italian sandwiches to take along on a hike the following day, and they were loaded with tasty fresh-sliced meat and cheese with a generous portion of hot peppers. During the course of the sandwiches being built I spoke to the 2 guys behind the counter about the other sandwiches on the menu and there are some pretty unique and amazing-sounding options on there. During the 25 minutes or so that I was in there waiting while they made my sandwiches and some from phone-in orders (yes it takes a while, but they slice the meat and cheese fresh for every order), I must have been fed well over half a pound of various meats and cheeses and each was more delicious than the last. The spiced beef and the hot corned beef (served with some oil and spices and a side of deli mustard) were outrageously good. 
If you're in a desperate situation and NEED a sandwich in under 20 minutes or you will spontaneously combust, you probably want to go somewhere else. But if you have some time to kill chatting with the friendly and helpful staff, and if you enjoy tasty snacks slapped onto deli paper on the counter in front of you, then this place is kickass.Awesome.  There really is nothing more to say.
Make sure you go if you are in Philadelphia, take my car if necessary.Came back less than a week later to try the hot pastrami sandwich. INCREDIBLE. While I waited, I got to try some turkey, roast beef (the BEST I've ever tasted in my life), pastrami, swiss cheese, and pickles. LOVE this place!ZOMGZOMGZOMG! If you're a fan of Subway, you haven't had anything yet until you've tried Koch's. A real Jewish (not in the negative way) deli, they whip up arguably the BEST sandwiches east of the Mississippi.
What I Ordered: The past two nights for dinner I've ordered the "Restaurant School Special." It's a delicious sandwich featuring three different cuts of meat, a special pepper-jacky cheese, cole slaw, dressing, and choice of hoagie bread or rye bread. You can imagine why I've had it two nights in a row.
Verdict: 5 stars hands down. The BEST sandwich I've ever had in my life. Highly recommended. If you don't like it, I'll personally give you your money back.
P.S.: Order early and over the phone. Waiting at the shop requires a decent amount of patience. But for the patience, they usually pass out samples of cheese and meat. Either way, it's a win-win for you.If I could give Koch's Deli 10 stars I would. We came from Colorado to Jersey for vacation, and took a day trip to Philadelphia to do some sightseeing.  my friend had been to Koch's before but I haven't,  so he took me there, promising the best deli sandwich I have ever had. He was not wrong. From the moment we walked in, I knew it was going to be amazing. The man there was so welcoming, so nice and friendly. He handed out samples of everything and made a production out of it. I was so entertained that the length of time it took to make the sandwiches did not bother me. Weordered a turkey club on rye and it was huge, and delicious. It came with real deli pickles. I would recommend Koch's to anyone... it was amazing!Even if you order pick up - expect to wait at least 20 min...BUT Koch's makes up for it with really friendly service and free samples of their freshly sliced deli meats! They have me so many samples, I was almost too full to eat my sandwich by the time it came out.
Here comes another big BUT the sandwich looked so delicious, I had to dig in right away. I got the restaurant school special with Swiss instead of hot pepper cheese since I can't handle spicy. The variety of meats made each bite feel like it's own meal - that's how filling it was. And the double decker rye didn't make the sandwich feel to carb heavy at all. It's a lot of food though - I think most girls could probably eat one half for lunch and save the other half for later :)
Price is definitely worth it - plus I had a special 10% off grub hub deal so definitely look out for those!Haven't been to many delis so I don't really have anything as a comparison, but I really liked the food I had here.
My favorite part of the place is its obvious history - postcards and letters from regular patrons line the entire back wall, with some dating back to 1989 or before, and some written on a typewriter. It gives the place a special layer of meaning just reading letters all these people wrote to the family owners, while you wait for your sandwich to be toasted and made.
On the note of making sandwiches - it does take a while for the sandwiches to be made. A friend called in to order at 7:20, and we didn't get our food until 8:05, so definitely call ahead or be prepared to wait for a bit. Even though it was around 8 when we arrived, which is when Koch's closes, there were a bunch of people waiting inside the tiny deli for their food. The person making the sandwiches offered everyone waiting inside slices of pickles and even included a few with our order on the house, which was really really nice (I've also been craving pickles that day).
As for the sandwich itself (I ordered the hot pastrami), it was delightfully warm and had a simple but delicious filling of meat and cheese. The meat was cooked nicely, with the right amount of saltiness, and heated before sandwiched between the two soft slices of bread. I think the only thing about Koch's is that it's rather pricey and the portions aren't huge - I got the sandwich ($11.95) for dinner, finished the whole thing but was still kinda hungry after. It would make a really good lunch though, and the pickle makes for a great accompaniment for the sandwich.What a joke of a business. I waited nearly an hour and a half to get my sandwich...a sandwich folks. We aren't talking about beef Wellington. When it finally arrives the delivery guy pounds on my door instead of simply calling me (he had my number on the order), calls me a f$&@in faggot, throws my food at me, asks me if I want to fight? and tells me to never order again. I'm perplexed and unaccustomed to this rude and threatening behavior. I called the manager and asked to be refunded for my food. I mean come on! He simply insists that it wasn't HIS fault ARGUES with me and tells me he will only refund a portion and hangs up on me. Needless to say, I will not be ordering from Koch again. Oh and by the way the sandwich was gross.So, after waiting in traffic and driving here from the northeast we finally got to Koch's. The place is teeny tiny and there are only three chairs. We were greeted by a woman at the other end of the shop who took our orders.
The man slicing meat in the front put some pastrami and corned beef out which was kind of cool.  I ordered a corned beef special, the sandwich itself was pretty good, not as huge as some others I've had but still decent.
Now for why I gave it two stars. This place takes FOREVER to make a sandwich, apparently they are known for this!!! Who in their right mind would get a deli sandwich that took an hour and a half to make! It doesn't even need to cook!! There were 4 people behind the counter and it looked like only one was making the sandwiches. I heard the staff talking to each other about someone canceling their order because it was taking to0 long. This is an insane way to run a business and I'm not sure how they are still standing. The staff was nice enough but it shouldn't take an hour and a half to make a sandwich, not even the samples helped the matter. Also not only did it take forever to make but it was like $11 for my sandwich which is pricey to being with. Not sure how the college kids are affording it on campus. I hadn't eaten in preparation of coming here and by the time it took to make the sandwich I was not only starving but had a migraine.
Your corned beef isn't bad but sorry guys, never again.The corned beef sandwich is the SHIIIIIIET!  Also, while I was waiting for my food, the owner kept giving me samples of their best meats, macaroni salad and potatoes.  I was somewhat full by the time I got my order, but I still scarfed it all down in ten minutes because it was so perfectly moist and delicious and everything you can ever ask for in a sandwich.  Joey Tribbiani would give the thumbs up.I waited 27 minutes for hot brisket on rye... The brisket was pretty good but the service was frustratingly slow and the place is borderline dump.I thought Koch's Deli was pretty good for my first time.  My friend got the Rachel - Pastrami and Swiss Reuben, which was banging.  I got the Restaurant School Hoagie which was good cuz it had Russian Dressing, Cole Slaw, Honey Ham, and I forgot the other ingredients.  My hoagie costed $10 and so did my friend's Rachel sandwich as well.  No sitting since there are no chairs.  The wait was long so you should definitely call ahead of time.  Although the wait was long, the owner gave us free samples of turkey, roast beef, and pickles to commend our wait.  I will return when money isn't tight.This place is overpriced and not as great as they advertise. The owner is a real jerk. I tried on a whim while being in the area, told me it would take an hour and a half for two sandwiches. Okay fine I hear it's incredibly busy. I show up 1.5 hours later and there are two guys there other than that no one insight. There was a younger guy there and he was rude as can be gave me an attitude be everything with the owner standing right there. I was shocked. I ended up having to wait another 45 minutes. The owner didn't apologize at all instead with a smirk said I'll give you a discount next time.... like I would return after such terrible service. There's plenty of delis around with better service and sandwiches at that!Ordered a Reuben to be delivered. It took about 45 minutes but it was absolutely worth it. The driver was very nice, the order was correct, and the food was still very warm. Most importantly, the sandwich was amazing!I live down the street from Koch's.  I used to have to force myself to only go every other week so as not to gain too much weight.  
I think most of the reviews here are elegies to Bob Koch and his family.  Bob was one of those guys who just made the place.  You'd come in and he'd know your name after you'd been there a couple of times, he'd tell you an off-color joke and if you came in with your family, he'd hit on your mom (in the best possible way).
The sandwiches are legendary.  The size of small elephants.  You can get a sandwich and eat half for lunch and half for dinner with a nap in between.  I remember thinking that they were a little expensive (almost ten dollars for a sandwich) but when you hold the bag in your hands, you will understand why.  Size alone does not recommend a sandwich of course.  Koch's uses good meat and has a bewildering array of possible choices for your hoagie.  My favorites are the Restaurant School special and the Drexel.  
Since Bob passed away a couple of years ago, Koch's has been taken over by some guys who are working to keep it like the Koch's of old.  It isn't the same, but they are still handing out treats to keep you happy in line and the boss is trying to tell bad jokes.  Sure, I don't go in as often as I used to, but it is still a great place.seriously. we've lived here for almost a year and a half, and only recently decided to try this place out. now I have no idea why it took so long for us to try it. If you're looking for the full experience, go ahead and order when you get here. If you want to save time, call in our order and then just pick it up. 
For our first experience, it was awesome. While waiting for our order, we got all sorts of samples, and although I'd say we were very pleased with what we ordered, I think the next time I'm definitely ordering the hot pastrami. we sampled it while we were waiting and it was like mind-blowingly good. seriously. try it. you won't regret it.I love this place for a filling and fast lunch.  I always get tuna, so I have no real suggestions for the menu except to just come here and try it out.  I also love that I can get  nice hearty slices of pepper jack cheese on my sandwich! The customer service has always been great for me!  I do think that it is a tiny bit overpriced, but there is really no where else I would go around here for a good hoagie. Give it a try!Koch's has some pretty awesome sandwiches. If you like a regular sandwich, they got a nice selection of those. But for the more adventurous, they have some outrageous combo sandwiches. I really like their Restaurant School special. It has C\corned beef, honey turkey, brisket of beef, hot pepper cheese, cole slaw and Russian dressing or mustard on rye or hoagie roll. I suggest the Russian dressing and rye.
I like their macaroni salad too. And, they have some tasty cakes.
My main gripe is that it's not much more than a sandwich shop. I would really like it if they had some soup, which I find goes well with a sandwich, especially on a cold day.
But if you want a good sandwich and don't mind the limited side options, they have some real bangin, mouth poppin, awesome sauce sandwiches.If there is one thing I love it's a surly man handing me sliced meat samples while I wait for a sandwich to be made.  If there's another thing I love, it's a sandwich.  
At Koch's I can have both of those things.  WHAT A DEAL!  
Get Restaurant School Special (I think that's what it's called).  It is packed to the brim with fresh sliced turkey, salami, pastrami, and like 20 other meats and cheese that I can't remember right now.  Be sure to ask for the Russian dressing and then you gots a SANDWICH, SON!Oh my god. I love this place!!! Here's 5 reasons why: 
1. The employees are awesome.  I love walking in there and getting immediate attention. A simple hello is really all it takes to take a place from being pretty good to great. And they always ask why I don't come in more. 
2. I can't eat there more often because if I did, I would be huge.  Their sandwiches are GIGANTIC! It's basically two sandwiches in one.
3. While you're waiting, they love to give out free samples of whatever they happen to be cutting up at the time. 
4. They always give out extra pickles.
5. Horseradish cheddar cheese- enough said.I recently moved to the University City/Spruce Hill area, and Koch's was one of the top places I needed to try in the neighborhood. I grew up with great NY-style deli, and Koch's is a contender for best deli in my heart. I ordered a Honey Turkey hoagie with LTO and cheddar cheese. The meat and cheese is quality and sliced to order. Everything is fresh, and the pickles are fantastic. The only downside is it can get a little pricey (I paid $10.50 for the hoagie only, but I usually eat it in two sittings) when adding extras, but you get what you pay for. 
I have only ordered in person, and I usually bring it home to eat. Overall, I've had a good experience. The staff is nice and accommodating. Koch's is delicious and worth every penny.If you are looking for a great sandwich, come here! The owner is very nice and will give you samples of meat and pickles which he's making your sandwich. The sandwiches run about $10 but they are HUGE. The service is slow. Be prepared to wait about 30 minutes for a sandwich or call ahead. I felt like the wait went by very quickly because the staff talk to you and you are never just silently waiting. The meat is of excellent quality. Best Reuben I have ever had.Best Jewish-themed deli I've been to which says something from someone raised in Los Angeles and has family in NYC. The owner is a character, the meat quality is second to none, and you will leave full and with a smile on your face. Guaranteed. For a city with great food, this place stands out amongst the rest.Ordered my restaurant school special on laying on the couch. 
PROS: The rep was very pleasant over the phone. Delivery was very quick. I'm assuming time was on my side due to the hour in which I was ordering. For 19bones, I would have to give this tasty succulent sandwich all of its glorious 4stars! Half the sandwich, a spear pickle and a bag of kettle chips will make you go to the second hole on your belt buckle!! I'll have to save the other half for later. 
CONS: I assumed the sandwich would be warm. My fault for not asking. $19will keep me from ordering delivery. 
Kudos to the very first sandwich I've tried in philly, let's just hope the next one tops this ! NOMNOMNOMNOMAbout 4-5 years ago, a person I knew got their sandwich from Koch's.
I used to be so annoyed by the waiting time, and the lack of places to sit while waiting for your order. I did like how they got down to business with a order placed. 
The final outcome was a large-filling sandwich, with a long wait, lack of seating, and semi-attentive staff.
I haven't been back in a long time due to the fact that I'm not in the area as much and I don't have a craving for their food. It's an aiight sandwich shop to be fair.Amazing deli. Poke your head in and collect some free samples and pickles. Pick what tasty meat you want and leave with the biggest, meatiest, tastiest sandwich ever.Great deli! Sandwich was loaded with high quality meats and dressed up as very classic sandwich. The guys working were polite and grateful. I was not sure what I was walking into given the storefront but it was everything I hoped for and more. I ordered the Jewish Hoagie, which has Corned Beef, Pastrami, Spiced Beef, Kosher Salami, and American Cheese. I'll be back next time I'm in Philly and I'd recommend you do the same.This place is a complete rip off. Every single item costs extra. Basically you end up with a 20 dollar sandwich to get something like the one seen in the pic. The rye bread I had was also stale.Miss this place so much.  When the lines get long (not uncommon), they'll pass around slices of meat and cheese to those waiting.  Wax paper with meat and cheese, moving through the line.  Some people might scoff at the apparent unsanitary-ness of this, but I find it genius.This was my first (and probably last) time here. I read really good reviews in the Daily Pennsylvanian newspaper so I had high expectations. There were 5 people ahead of me in line, but it still took 50 minutes from the time I walked in to when I got my hoagie. I waited it out because the reviews were so good, but frankly, I was rather disappointed. I don't understand why a cold sandwich took 50 minutes to make, and while the hoagie was good, it wasn't worth the wait. The deli also didn't seem very clean.When I visited my boyfriend in college (he went to Penn), I made him take me here each time.
Now that I live in Philly, I'm pleased as punch to have Koch's whenever I want!
Expect: service with attitude, 4 inches tall sandwiches, and a full bellyWe throughly enjoyed our stop into Koch's Deli. Ezra welcomed us with a variety of freshly sliced deli meats, pickles, and jokes as we waited. Neighborhood locals socially chatted with us. The sandwiches are prepared freshly, and are SO good. The experience was a true deli experience! I highly recommend you stop by.I lost my Koch's virginity today. 
My Koch's virginity persisted despite my roomie (Kevin S) giving it a 5 star in December. I have always biked past this place without a second glance.  Granted it has an assuming exterior, but once inside you are transported back in time to a piece of West Philly history.
Following a softball game victory, we ended up here on suggestion of one of our teammates.
First, if you can, make sure you call in advance. My friend had the hookup and they greased the preparation so our sandwich would come in 30 minutes and not 45 minutes.
The wait is pretty entertaining though. I had the counterman banter with me about my Koch virginity, the California Governor (lots of Arnie accented quotes), and kept calling for me to take samples of pastrami, garlic cheese and pickles (And as a grad student, free food is always high on my menu).
Once the sandwich came, I was impressed by how much it had packed in it. The Honey  Turkey club sandwich was packed with turkey, lettuce, tomatoes.....just a sandwich galore!
And just like the first time, you want it again and again-same applies to Koch's in the future for me. And Koch's at least will not cost you a first or second date and blown money on flowers/chocolates etc.  Just $10 bucks and you are in sandwich ecstasy.This place used to be great when the last Koch brother Bobby Koch was alive.  Now it has turned into every other takeout place in this neighborhood.  There used to be no delivery and they should keep it that way.  I mistakenly ordered deliver from this place thinking I wouldn't have to wait in a long line(which is crazy that there is still a long line at this place).  They told me 45 minutes, when they could have just told be it would actually take 1 hour and 33 minutes. Over twice as long.  Not sure what the new owners are doing but beware this place also skimps out. They no longer make Bobby Koch sized hoagies anymore they are just the same as everywhere else now so please don't waste your time or double the money to go to this very poorly run establishment.Koch's is the best, they gave me a cookie in my birthday. It's not a "fast food" place, this is a real deal deli. If you've got the time and want a really great sandwich with top notch ingredients, Koch's is the best place in Philly. Maybe... The world!Another stop on my journey of visiting my old Penn haunts.  I didn't go to Koch's that frequently in school, it's funny how 43rd and Locust seemed kind of far away back then.  Anyway, I was coming back from some meetings and needed to eat.  I love that I could park at the CVS lot across the street.  It was around 2, and super busy, but still waited around 40 minutes for my sandwich.  Calling ahead is key, although a few people that did call seemed like they were waiting a long time too.  
I went with an Italian hoagie because that's my go to sandwich, and I was kind of disappointed.  I think Primo's is better.  It's totally possible I ordered the wrong thing because Koch's or more known for its creative sandwiches.  The hoagie was huge to the point that it was difficult to eat, and there were too many onion layers.  I do appreciate that they cut lettuce, tomato, onion right there while you're waiting.  I won't be rushing back, but its a good University City option for a big sandwich.  Oh, and they take level up, in fact the owner loves it.The best sandwich I've had at Koch's Deli was the Hot Pastrami.
Other sandwiches I've tried which are not bad: Corned beef special, Reuben, Chicken salad.
I would not recommend the Chopped liver here -- it was not as good, fresh, flavourful as I'd like.  Whitefish salad was okay, but it was extremely salty.
The potato salad & macaroni salad are pretty standard, nothing special. Cole slaw was fine.
Service could use improvement.  Delivery was quite late (half an hour) although I'd put in a large order about a week in advance.Love this place!  Great sandwiches and very friendly/ polite staff.  Ordered online and picked up a Reuben and the Restaurant School Special...best sandwiches ever.  Give them a try...amazing reubens, amazing turkey club, and Mr. Koch is a gem.
bring a book as you will wait at least 15-20 mins for your delish deli sandwich.My boyfriend and I had the Jewish gobbler and penn. The gobbler consists of turkey pastrami, turkey breast, turkey salami, alpine lattice cheese, onions, lettuce, mayo, and hot and sweet peppers. It is not your typical turkey sandwich. It was divine and unique. All of the meats were juicy not like your usual turkey breast that gets easily boring after several bites. I did not feel guilty eating it at all. I substituted the kaiser for rye. I think I will ask to have the bread toasted next time and extra onions. My boyfriend enjoyed the Penn. The pastrami is delicious. All of the meats were sliced thin. The sandwich is loaded with a ton of meat, as expected since it is $13 (with tax). I think if the pastrami was heated it would have added more texture difference to the sandwich since the corned beef, pastrami, and tongue are all soft. If heated, The fat on the pastrami would be crispy like bacon. Yum. I will definitely Ask if we could do that next time. If not, I will try the hot pastrami sandwich. We will definitely come back!40 minutes(!) and $14 later I had a Restaurant School Special. I went on a weekday, walked over for lunch. While it was good and I have leftovers, it is not good enough to return and wait another ridiculously long time!Man these sandwiches are pretty amazing. They're pricey though, and take awhile to assemble. I got the Italian Hoagie and my friend got a Hot Pastrami Sandwich. The Italian was $10.35 and the Pastrami was around $13. It was cool seeing the sandwich meat and cheese get sliced off the block. Italian hoagie was good, and a standard size for the money. Oh my god, the pastrami is so tasty. It literally melts in your mouth. If you have the time to wait around for sandwich (mine took around 15 minutes) and the money, these are some of the best you can get. Please get the Hot Pastrami, you will not regret it.today, i went in while i was waiting for my laundry to be done.
the longest time i have ever had to wait for a chicken cheesesteak.
and it wasn't even that great.
i guess they bake it? instead of grilling it.
it was weird.
if i go back, ill get a regular sandwich, i think they'll turn out better.Corn beef special w Swiss. Best sandwich from the best hole-in-the-wall deli there is!While Koch's stil serves up the best, jaw-busting deli sandwiches in the City of Philadelphia, it's not quite what it was in it's prime.  It used to be that student and neighborhood residents would fill the shop with a line that worked all the way to the rear of the store, then double back and out the door. An hour wait to place an order was common place, and worth every minute -- besides the owners served up free samples and bad jokes while you waited.  Those days, when brother's Lou and Bobby Koch manned the counter have transitioned to an internet driven delivery approach more in concert with today's student expectations.  The line, the knishes (and the baked goods that sat atop the counter) are gone, but the sandwiches are still piled high and made with love!An all American classic deli with better than average sandwiches. There are plenty of locals getting their usual at Koch's and a few like myself who just stopped by. The very long wait is part of the experience (there is a sign that says to be patient, and you better come here ready to wait 10-20 minutes). But the wait it worth it. Plus they give you samples of deli cuts every couple of minutes. The LBK Special was absolutely delicious. Also tried the cheese steak, which I would rate around par with the more popular philli cheese steak places.A sandwich for all time.
I'd charged my bro with the task of taking me to get a awesome italian hoagie.  Not a hoagie that was overloaded with salami and bologna but, a real italian hoagie with mortadella and proscuitto... He hit the mark!
It's a small establishment but, they make up for it in spirit, customer service and good food.  
The owner or manager was slicing fresh corned beef and was giving out palm size samples with the a qtr sliced pickle...heaven on sunday.
You need to check this spot out!Sandwiches are definitely big and tasty with lots and lots of variety of meats and cheeses! Just be prepared to wait 30 minutes to an hour or more if you go in person (what's really annoying is they will always, ALWAYS say it's only 5-10 minutes, and 0% of the time have they ever been right) or two hours for delivery, making it a difficult choice for those on their lunch breaks. One of the servers also will have an attitude when you try to customize "traditional" sandwiches...some people might have allergies.Don't come here in any kind of hurry. Expect to wait, but expect it to be worth it. This hole-in-the-wall deli has a personality all its own and some amazing sandwiches and hoagies. Used to go here a lot when I lived in the area and still visit when I'm around for a nice trip down memory lane. The employees used to pass out free samples when the lines were long, but I'm not sure if they still do this. Immensely popular with the locals. Worth a try!THIS, friends, is what I will recall about Philadelphia. (okay, so I didn't really do much while I was in town, besides sit around eating alcoholic watermelon -which i will also look back on fondly- in my friend's apartment, but don't let that subtract from the significance of my visit to Koch's).
Sandwiches, right? They're good! 
And they're really big and fresh and made with a little attitude and a dollop of history (for which I am totally a sucker...i'm from the west coast for the love of god. we have like, 10 years of history) and in particular, the sweet peppers!! how have i not delighted in sweet peppers on my sandwiches yet in my life? shit is good!
and i kinda liked being bossed around and patronized when I asked what my cheese options were. clearly i'm a novice. but a hoagie novice no more!
dang philly!Been going here occasionally for over 10 years and finally decided it's not worth it - the insane wait, overhearing them insult customers, "menu prices" and finally the damn cheese-steaks were cold when I got home this time. It was a LOT better before Bob's passing. What's left is a pile of meat being managed by a bunch of schmucks. Go to Greek Lady or Zesto on 40th St.HUGE sandwiches. very good pastrami and corn beef specials. It's a hole in a wall but absolutely amazing. special sandwiches are about $10-15.WOW SERIOUSLY!? I've been attending school in West Philly for three years and have not been here until graduation day nears? I am lame. seriously. This place is INCREDIBLE!! I shared the PCOM and something about the corned beef, chicken salad, roast beef, sweet muenster, and russian dressing was pure perfection. oh and the reuben looked incredible. I was too full from my half sandwich but my friends raved about it! 
At $10.95 a pop, the (specialty) sandwiches aren't cheap but it is well worth it. You get so many different types of meat; its bound to fill you up! Koch's has definitely perfected their sandwiches. Come to West Philly to give them a try!!
The only downside is that the sandwiches take a while even during off times. I came around 1:30 and waited maybe 25 minutes for 4 sandwiches.  But they are worth the wait. Try calling ahead to minimize your down time.I just moved to West Philadelphia, so I can't compare the new owners of Koch's to the previous ones. I generally don't like sandwiches, but my boyfriend and I walked in one day and I have been coming back about once a week ever since. Some other reviewers have mentioned the long wait time, and that the same amount of care is not put into the sandwiches after the ownership changed. Every time I have gone, the wait time was long, about 15-20 minutes, but that was because the guy behind the counter put an insane amount of love into my Reuben. He doesn't slap all the ingredients together, but he heats the meat, cheese, and sauerkraut together so the flavors soak into one another. I don't mind waiting a few extra minutes if it is the difference between on ok and an amazing sandwich. The prices are a bit high ($10 a sandwich), but when you consider how massive they are, it is not too bad.One of the best delis I've visited in Philadelphia, and certainly the best in the West Philadelphia region (move over, Stan's!) The food here is sublime.
I've been to Koch's several times, and have always been satisfied. It's true that it can take a while to make the sandwich (and the cramped shop doesn't help in that regard), but the staff does provide free samples of meats, cheeses, and vegetables (pickles, onion slices) while waiting for the food, so it goes quickly. Plus, the food is worth the wait. The meats and cheeses are all top quality and very fresh, and with the dozens of different combination sandwiches, there's something for everyone.
I alternate between getting the Jewish hoagie, a mountain of meats and cheeses that is absolutely delicious to eat, and the Sid & Fran Koch's Special, a whitefish salad sandwich with slices of lox and something called munchee cheese. Both sandwiches are fantastic, and they make wonderful lunches. 
Prices are a little bit more than other delis like Nelson's and Stan's, but you get what you pay for. In my mind, the higher quality of the food is worth it.
I look forward to continuing to patronize Koch's and to continue to try their many offerings.Awful customer service! To make matters worst it was a manager who barked at me to give him my order as we was really busy!Was I here on an off day?  I ordered the hot pastrami on rye.  The meat was flavorful, but dry and chewy.  It took some real effort to eat the sandwich.  The bread was a run-of-the-mill sandwich rye.  Because every review of the hot pastrami is glowing, I'll give it another try - but this first time, it was most unimpressive.I love Koch's!!!  I live in LA and went to school at Penn.  It was great then, and great years later.  I drove 45 mins for their famous sandwiches.  I love their friendliness and how when you are waitin they pass around samples of their delicious meats and cheeses.  if you like smoked salmon sandwiches try their Sid and Fran nova and whitefish sandwich.  I personally got a Rueben with three different types of meats and my boyfriend got the restaurant special.  It's the best deli I've ever been to, and will definitely return whenever I am in the area (and area spans over a big distance with Koch's!  Love it!!!!Giving this place 4 stars for ambiance, friendliness, service and the fact that it is a Philly icon. Did not make it here in my undergrad days but checked it out when visiting the Penn campus recently. Unlike most cheesesteak places, they have a somewhat strange, slow process that involves putting the meat and cheese in a grill that looks a lot like a toaster oven. I'm a vegetarian, but my travel companion enjoyed the cheese steak and said it was really good. The manager (owner?) struck up a conversation and kept heaping free cheese slices and pickles on us while we waited! Such hospitality :) Caveat: if you are in a rush, this isn't the place for you.Thank you fellow Yelpers.  This is an awesome place.  The hot pastrami and Reuben are amazing.I had the Pastrami Ruben.
Pre-eating: I think I just paid $14 for a sandwich and a drink...
Post-eating: AGAIN MOMMY! AGAIN, AGAIN!!!
No one greets you or tells you where to order when you walk in, but maybe that's part of the charm?I should probably give them a 4 honestly - cuz it's my fault for ordering the sandwich I ordered when they had so many other options.
But whatever, 3 stars for the priciness of the hoagies and sandwiches. Average sandwich here will run you about $10, but they are pretty big. I'll definitely go back another day and try something else.So after always hearing about Kochs, reading reviews and walking by peeking in, I finally turned the door, but it did not open but luckily someone let me in. All the pictures on the wall were overwhelming and the barely see thru meat case told me Kochs was a fixture in my working district of Univ City. I was greeted with delight by the cook? My coworker had called in order so I just had to make sure we  were on the same page. The cook was hella funny as he helped the lady before me. He wouldnt let me retreat to my phone to text he engaged me in conversation while stuffing my face with delightful deli selections I really love the horseraddish cheese...because that was the first thing i ate I think it threw my tastebuds off to the rest of the meats, pickles and cheeses I sampled while I watied for my order. In between chuckles I found out that they have so many convienent ways to get an order in, texting, online, and they use my fav Level Up (if you have not joined do so). I had to say no eventually or I would not be able to enjoy my Cornbeef Special with horse raddish cheese. 
All in all it was a delightful experience. If you are in a hurry call it in or text it so you can get in and get out. I had some time to kill and I enjoyed the cook? candid sense of humor. My penny is on the shelf now. I will def be back and I will take advantage of the specials like the U of Sciences or Resturant School Special.
I didnt notice a VA special, but the Cook? said if I came up with one he would list it. 
So check it out maybe one day my VA special will make the cut. 
The sandwhich was full of goodies piled bigger than my mouth, cole slaw, russian dressing and gobs of meat. 
I only managed to eat half....at least I have dinner now...Watch out from this one!
The delivery service is really really bad here. I mean unbelievably bad. Delivery  takes over an hour and the hoagies come wet and they are simply destroyed. But the worst part? Sometimes they don't even do the Delivery, meaning that if you order around 7  don't expect to get your order. In fact i had such situation, the restaurant answered at 7:50 ( after i waited for an hour, not unusual) and said that they are waiting for the Delivery guy, still waiting for that delivery-this guys don't have any problem not to deliver without even a courtesy call.
Watch out.This, my foodie friends, is my comfort food and my happy place.  I've been coming here for ten years and I love that this place never changes.  Ezra and his brother help keep Bob Koch's dream and magical sandwiches alive.  First off a fair warning when you enter this friendly neighborhood deli, be prepared to wait but not in a bad way.  Time will fly as you watch the men behind the counter make meaty dreams of corned beef and pastrami come true and you can talk about local happenings all while Ezra cuts you samples of EVERYTHING HE'S MAKING!  Those guys have a super generous heart and are always glad and thankful that you chose Koch's to eat at.  My go to is ALWAYS the Penn special and has been since the day I started going there.  I've dabbled in other people's sandwiches and hoagies when they order with me, but I always come back to the Penn...I'm drooling onto my keyboard just thinking about this.  This could easily be what I order for my last meal on earth.okay i know this is an institution. but... sooooooooooooooooo slow.
my italian hoagie was good, and i am glad the meat was sliced fresh, but how do two people make only 4 sandwiches in a half hour!!! that is crazy! by the time i got my sandwich i was so hangry, i honestly can't even tell you specifics on the sandwich.
sandwiches were expensive (i was too cheap last time, but if i ever go back, i will go for that $10 sandwich with the potato salad in it). they are nearly enough food for 3 burly men, though.This is a really good sandwich shop located in University city tucked away on Locust street. 
WARNING - If you are in a rush do not go here! Lines can be long and orders can take while. 
The wait can be long but it is worth it and the guys can be pretty entertaining giving out free samples during your wait. The meat is fresh and succulent and Koch's have their double deckers where they pile on the meat and fixings. I tried the restaurant school special which is corned beef, honey turkey, brisket of beef, hot pepper cheese, cole slaw and russian dressing on a hoagie roll. It was a very good hoagie and the combination of meats went well together. The hoagies are a little more expensive than most places but definitely one of the best delis worth trying in Philadelphia.OMG!  I found a great deli!!!   Great price that packs a punch!!  I ordered a Corned Beef Special and i can have it for 2-3 days.  Went there for the first time this evwning after reading reviews and then a co worker went and raved.    Lots of meat and fresh!  Will definately be back and recommend!  Plus the server was genuinely very nice and polite!!  Hard to get these days!Finally made it out here...the sandwiches are monstrous, delicious and could feed at least 5 small children. Koch's has a great old-time deli feel; they pass out slices of corned beef and cheese to us as we wait in line for their masterpieces. All the signed photos, cards, and awards are a testament to their greatness.
I got the Penn sandwich...mmm...corned beef, pastrami, tongue, sweet muenster, cole slaw, russian dressing on rye. Figuring out how to take the first bite should require a corp of army engineers for safety's sake...because you can't unhinge your jaw.
anyways, I went around 12:30 on a weekday, and it took ~35 minutes to order and get out the door with a feast in hand. it didn't help that some guy had pre-ordered some 30 sandwiches.Didn't know this place existed until this week and better finding out late then never. My friend was raving about the place I wasn't really in the mood for a sandwich but that was the lunch spot for the day. So I'm looking around and there's a pic of this hot pastrami sandwich (on rye w/ swiss cheese) it looked good so I get it. My friend says put some fried onions on it (love onions, so I was with it). Waited a while so they could make it but while we waited they fed you. First it was pickle time. I like pickles not on my burgers though.  Then it was taste this sweet munster cheese time. I will admit at first I was hesitant to try it but I did and I enjoyed it. Finally got my sandwich and I was very pleased. I was so good I wish I would have gotten two. Definitely will be back and telling my friends.Admittedly I haven't been in several years. But in my experiences Koch's makes probably the best deli sandwiches in Philadelphia. They slice everything super thin and the result is that the meat almost melts in your mouth. They pile on the meat, cheeses, and other elements to their sandwiches. Honestly, their tongue sandwich is amazing! 
The down sides are you can wait a long time in a line the is out the door and there is absolutely no seating. And don't dare hem and haw while ordering or try to add something once you've ordered. Also it's location is not very central if you aren't hanging around that part of West Philly. 
Call ahead to order, but they won't pick up the phone once they get busy, which is nearly all the time.SO MUCH FOOD, and such friendly people!
But so very, very expensive.. and call ahead. They need min. 1/2 an hour to make you a sandwich..As a cheap college student, I must say their hoagies have never failed to last me two meals and always preserved well through a couple nights in the fridge.Pretty damn good.  A little pricey, but they pile it on-- you could definitely get two meals out of one sandwhich.  If it was just a little cheaper I'd go here more often.Koch made his sandwiches in West Philly for -- I'm gonna ballpark this -- probably about forty years, earning himself a tremendous following of people from the city and the burbs. (I know a guy who used to drive in several days a week from the Main Line just for one of those towering sandwiches). Sadly, Bob Koch passed away over a year ago, but his sandwich shop continues to function down on Locust Street, and people still form enormous lines on Saturday afternoons.
The lure of Koch's has always really been the atmosphere. As you stood in that tremendous line (I've waited as long as 40 minutes for a sandwich), everyone was always surprisingly glad to be there, waiting, schmoozing about meat and, maybe, sports. Koch used to pass around samples of his meats and cheeses and pickles and everyone would say how incredible it all was. It was the sort of scene you'd have expected in another time, when people didn't lead such damn hectic lives.
It's not the same place without Bob Koch there, but I'm glad to report that the Israeli guys who took over have really made an effort to continue the Koch tradition. Nothing in the interior of the narrow sandwich shop has changed, not the pictures on the wall, not the handwritten amendments to the sandwich menu that hangs above the meat slicers. I was in there with my dad right after the takeover and they weren't handing out meat. My dad told them that Koch always used to send around freebies, and a bunch of folks in the line echoed my father's words. The next time I went in there, though, the new Israeli owners had mastered free meat schtick.
Koch's has a ton of very original sandwiches on its menu, but I almost always order a hot brisket sandwich with fried onions. A corned-beef sandwich is another great option, if, like me, you prefer to stick to the simple classics. But regardless of what you order, you can be sure that Koch's will make you a towering sandwich, composed of the best deli meats, cheeses and breads.
An easy five stars, no matter who's running the show.If Koch's Deli were any closer to campus, I'd probably die from binge eating their sandwiches.
Seriously, the sandwiches here are incredible. And GIGANTIC. Each sandwich is just layer upon layer upon layer of juicy, delicious meat. I honestly have no idea how so many layers can exist in one humble sandwich. I couldn't even open my mouth wide enough to eat the Penn Special that I bought!
Each sandwich is a bit pricey and takes a while to make, but it's completely worth it! The employees also frequently give out deli meat samples to the people waiting, so it's completely possible that you get your deli meat fix before your sandwich is even done being made.
Such a tiny and unassuming deli. Such mind-blowingly amazing sandwiches.
I am just counting down the hours until I go there again and try another one of their specials.Slower service at times, but still my favorite hoagie in University City. Quality meats and you get your moneys worth in serving size.Goodness gracious... the sammies at Koch's are the size of your head! The first time I went to Koch's, I had an insatiable craving for my favorite --- a veggie hoagie with all the fixin's. What I received was the most massive veggie hoag I have ever attempted to devour in my whole entire life. I could only finish half of it and even that was a challenge, and I had enough leftovers for a hearty lunch the following day. The prices of their sandwiches are extremely affordable and the staff is always friendly. You may have to wait longer than usual for your sandwich to be made, but trust me. It is worth the wait.My wife and I stopped here in our way out of town for an authentic Philadelphia hoagie. We were not disappointed! I got the Jewish Hoagie (with the owner's recommendation) and loved it. It was corned beef, pastrami, cheese, coleslaw, and various other ingredients, and it was amazing. The meat was tender, flavourful, and very fresh. The hoagie roll was soft and luscious. 
A couple things, they do take cards but remember, because they're carving the meat fresh for your sandwich, you wait a bit longer for them to make it than you would st somewhere like Subway. 
I will definitely be back.Having been to Koch's under both the original ownership and the current one, I have to say that currently it is a pseudo-Koch's Deli. The guys are rude and spend more time chatting about nonsense instead of making your food. I used to go in often, but I will not go in anymore because of these two incidents.
First, Ezra (the guy with the dark hair) made racist comments to me about an incident earlier in the day.
Second, Rami (the guy with the grey hair) refused to make me a turkey club on matzah. It was Passover, and although I don't keep kosher, I incorporate matzah into my holiday celebration. He said "you are Jewish. You can't do that!" I got a differen thing, and I decided I won't eat there again.I have been visiting Koch's for years. You better go with an appetite.  Best sandwich's around.  The tradition of passing freshly cut lunch meat down the line, while sandwiches are being assembled has been carried on from one owner to another. This is a students dream, as one sandwich can be split into 3 meals.Got the Sid & Fran. It's Whitefish Salad smothered onto pieces of smoked salmon. This is really damn good. The whitefish has an intensely marine salty flavor coupled with mayo. This goes amazingly with the dry rye bread and smoky fleshiness of the salmon. Everything about this sandwich is well-balanced, which is impressive considering the number of flavors vying for your palette's attention. 
I was torn between a 4 and 5 here, because $13 is too much to pay for a sandwich. This food is so good though, I don't want to give you any reason not to check Koch's out.The roast beef sandwich was the best damn sandwich I've ever had. Ever. The guy gave me free pickles and samples while I waited for my sandwich to be made. I don't know why it took me 4 years to find this place.I've biked past this place dozens of times and had no idea that it was so damn good. It wasn't until I saw Koch's in the DP did I decide that I needed to check it out. And since then I haven't been disappointed.
The sandwich I almost get is the Corned Beef Special. While the bread looks small, it is stuffed to capacity with delicious meat. I usually ask for less dressing though, in my humble opinion, I feel like Koch's tends to over do the dressing just a little bit. 
There are plenty of one star reviews for service, but if you take a look at it, it's all about waiting for food. It's a popular deli manned by only a couple people. What do you expect? Koch's asks that you call ahead and for good reason. 
The guys at Koch's are real friendly and almost always offer free samples. The meat is of amazing quality and sampling will let you know what you really want today.Koch's hot pastrami sandwich is fragrant and delicious.  Though the shop wasn't very busy, it was a bit of a wait for the sandwich as the pastrami was gently heated up.  They offered us free samples (very tasty!) as we waited so it was pretty painless.
Food is great, service is friendly -- can't wait to go back to Koch's!This place might have the worst customer service I've ever been to.  I waited for 10 minutes in front of the counter and no one even said hello or wanted to take my order.  3 employees just stood there and were making sandwiches at their own slow pace.  
Another customer came in asking if everyone had ordered, we said no, stared at the employees and then left.  What a waste of time.  This place has gone downhill ever since Koch died.  Never again!Not the Koch's I remember from back in the day.
The meat was just cold cuts that you would get at some grocery store deli counter. There was a decent amount of meat in the sandwich, but who cares when the meat isn't anything special, and certainly not close to real Jewish deli. Nothing else about the sandwich was particularly good, as if that matters. Well, I guess the bread was OK.
What a disappointment. I wish I would have read more yelp reviews before going there as I see someone else wrote about how Bob Koch passed away and the store was sold back in 2005. I knew Lou had passed away, but I thought the deli was still in the Koch family.This is my first review on yelp and it is very well deserved. Koch's food and service is absolutely amazing. The meat is so fresh and Ezra fed me samples of meat, cheese and  pickles before he prepared my hoagie. He even cut off a little piece for me to try in the store so I could make sure it was just the way I wanted. A little pricey for someone on a budget, but $12 sandwich, friendly staff and big enough for me to have half for lunch and half for dinner. Will definitely be going back for more!My first trip to Koch's was in 1979. I haven't been there since Bob passed. It's good to see from a recent review that the place seems to have landed on its feet. The world would be a poorer place.
 My favorite is hot brsket with Munchee cheese, with cooked onions. Just a bit of mustard.
 Milk shakes and blintzes -- perfection. Plus Vel-ray and Vernor's Ginger Ale (at least they used to carry that.)This place is definitely top notch, the other two reviews are spot on about good people, service and food. I just wanted to say they also sell cold cuts at pretty good prices. I like to grocery shop at trader joe's but hate prepackaged cold cuts, so I head here for my cold meats. mmm. Just thinking of Kotch's makes me want Bob Kotch special (ham, turkey, swiss, slaw and russian dressing on rye)I grew up with good deli and have eaten it all my life in two great deli cities, Los Angeles and New York, and Koch's is the real thing - real old school.  My daughter and I were visiting the nearby Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College and needed sandwiches for the long ride home and a culinary arts student recommended Koch's (always pay attention to restaurant recommendations from students or faculty at culinary schools!) and this was terrific.  The moment I walked in I said to my daughter, "This smells right!!" - if you like deli you know what I mean).  We got corned beef specials (hot corned beef, cole slaw, Russian dressing on rye) and they were terrific.  Huge and dripping with juices.    The counter man, Ezra, built it in a way that I've never encountered before,  he alternated the three ingredients throughout the sandwich perfectly.
Ezra, was great to talk to also.  We talked about the neighborhood (getting expensive), who orders chopped liver nowadays (only Jews and African Americans -- who knew!), the state of deli in American (not good, present company accepted).  
In the 20 minutes we were there (no seating, and that's the only downside of Koch's) there was a steady stream of students from the nearby University of Pennsylvania picking up orders.  Highly recommended.Up until 2005, Koch's would have been an easy five stars.   But in 2005 Bob Koch, last of the Koches, passed away, and the business was sold to someone else.
The food is not the same; the cold cuts are poorer quality and the sandwiches are not assembled with the same care.  Can't anyone put together a sandwich?  Maybe it sounds silly to say it, but no.  The Koches really knew sandwiches.  They were sandwich masters.  And they really cared about what they did.  The new guy, not so much.
The experience isn't the same either, because the Koch brothers aren't there.  Last time I went in, while I was waiting, I had my laptop open.  "What are you doing?" asked the owner.  Just working, I said.  "Well, it looks kind of suspicious," he said.  Yeah, and screw you too.  
The shop still has the same sign, and it still says "Koch's", but it's a lie.  Koch's is closed.
Addendum 2011-09-20: I came home from work last week and my wife said "I'm never going to Koch's again".  She had taken my daughter I. and my daughter's friend Z. to Koch's for sandwiches.  The counter guy smiled at I. and said that he liked little girls.  Then he scowled at Z. and said "But I don't like little boys."  Z. was very hurt.  He is only five.First impressions kinda hurt this place.  For one, it looks and feels like it hasn't been cleaned in over a decade. That doesn't really make me feel all warm and fuzzy when they're slicing meats and preparing food back there.  Also, the service is mega-slow if there's more than one person in the place ahead of you.
With that said, I must give them credit where it's due.  The sandwiches are massive and very tasty.  They aren't cheap compared to other lunch spots around, but they're making that up by giving you a very large portion.  Props to that, at least.How could I have lived in Philadelphia this long without knowing that the best deli of all time was right here! This small family owned take out deli (with some sidewalk tables in nice weather) serves traditionally huge deli sandwiches along with unique combinations that sound odd but taste great. Corned beef and chicken salad anyone?The ordering process was very long since we walked in... Call your order an hour early and you'll be much happier.
Awesome deli sandwiches and the staff are a lot of fun!Koch's used to be a great deli before the original owners passed away. Now the sandwiches are tiny compared to how the used to be and the service sucks. Definitely a let down and I won't be back.This place is nothing but hype. Tiny sandwiches. Crappy deli meat. Slow service.   Big prices. The signage inside is cool though, two stars for old signs.Right, you cannot beat the sandwiches/hoagies from here. The only bad part about Koch's is the waiting for at least 30 minutes for a sandwich. I can only say I've been in after 5pm and the wait is always at least 30 minutes...you do get cold cuts and pickles while you wait but if you're in a hurry there are 2 other ways to work around this. I suggest ordering online or calling ahead, but if you aren't in a hurry enjoy the guys bickering and bantering behind the counter. Tonight Bryce was there and he was making a milkshake while singing "My milkshakes bring everybody to the yard." So, yeah, it's that kind of place!  I've learned about a Rachel versus a Reuben and definitely amazing either one!! Next time, I think I'll try the Drexel.
Seriously, if you're looking for a deli sandwich you cannot go wrong here. You just have to have time and patience.
No more LevelUp, it just wasn't cost effective...so bring your debit and/or credit cards and some cash.Went in for my first time today. The workers were really nice. Recommended the hot pastrami sandwich which I got. It was delicious (picture attached). In short, great local deli.These sandwiches are carefully crafted with love every time.  This place is a classic.  It's not the cheapest sandwich place and it's certainly not the quickest, but it might be friendliest and it's among the best.  They have a huge variety of sandwiches ranging from a classic turkey club or corned beef special to a hoagie of their creation.  It's not to be missed.  You'll wait a long time if you order in-store, even if there are only 2 people ahead of you, but you won't mind.  The staff is always friendly and always has a joke to go with samples of various meats and cheeses.Amazing food here. Anything you order is going to be delicious. I've never had a sandwich here that I didn't love. The one issue is the service is incredibly slow. Everything takes at least 30 minutes if you order in-store. What's nice is that they will give you slices of turkey, pastrami, pickles, cheese, and other deli meats while you wait; often times, so much that you aren't hungry by the time you get your sandwich. But if you're in a rush or want just a quick sandwich, this is not the place for you.Horrible service. Ordered a sandwich online came to pick it up an hour later and it wasn't finished. Over the phone ordering the person is rude and inconsiderate. Also charged my credit card for an additional sandwich. That alone takes away any satisfaction garnered from their sandwiches...never eating here again.One of my go to places to grab a good sandwich. I usually get the hot brisket sandwich or one of the combos. Must try the hot pepper cheese! The spicy beef is pretty good too. Be sure to get the russian sauce. 
Call to save time because it does take 15-20 minutes to prepare the sandwich on a busy lunch/dinner time. If you don't need to save time, order there and you can try all different types of samples. 
The owner, who's father founded it, is super nice. He always gives out free samples and even pickles.Best corned beef hoagie ever.
I walked in and was so hungry and new to the place that I didn't even know anything about their famous gobblers. 
That's like getting apple pie at the cheesecake factory, and discovering that it's the best apple pie ever in the world ever.
This place has my vote. Anytime I'm in town, I'm going back to West Philly for Koch's.1. Meat. 
2. Meat. 
3. ... MEAT
Consumed: 
Penn's Special Sandwich
Corned Beef Sandwich
Oh dear, have you ever experienced a meat coma? WELL, you might get one from Koch's. There's more meat than bread and I can see to a guy or any meat lover, this is THE place to go. The sandwiches are just so meaty and flavorful. The meat is very thinly sliced and so I like that it's not too chewy and your jaw wouldn't hurt from chewing. Does that ever happen to you? Maybe it's just a Connie problem.. Anyway, I really liked the Penn's special and the corned beef sandwiches. I would say the Penn's special is saltier and has a little more meat than the corned beef. Whatever white sauce they put in is also very good and enhances the savory experience of the meat. 
While the sandwiches are a bit on the pricier end ($10-14), they are very very big and filling. I could barely finish half of it... 
I don't think I've used the word meat enough in this review. Meat.The absolute best place to get a sandwich in Philiadelphia.  Koch's blew away my already unreasonably high expectations the first time I went there with a Rueben for the ages; a double-decker of delicious corned beef and perfect cheese and sauerkraut.  Each time I go there I look forward to trying something new, whether it be an Italian hoagie or my now favorite Penn special.  People have already said it but the ingredients here are out-of-this world good and the friendly staff will dish out samples and talk to you enough that the wait (which sometimes can be 30 minutes) passes in a flash.  I can't recommend this place enough.PHENOMENAL!!! Loved this place! The parking is tough, as much of Philly is, but the atmosphere inside is great! A bit tiny so more than 4 people (at the counter, opposite employees) is a tight squeeze, but best sandwiches in town! 
Will come back many more times for future orders to give everything on the menu a shotI am in Philly visiting from SD and this was such a fun experience! 
He let me try everything, things I have never tried before, and they were yummy! 
The sandwiches are huge and tasty! A must tryKoch's is the best place I've found for hot Pastrami sandwiches...and Kosher tomatoes. I've not tried much else from the menu, but this is all I need to be happy (and full). The portions are huge and the price is easy to handle. I was even pleasantly surprised by the relatively short delivery time at less than one hour. 
Try Koch's - you won't be sorry.Great sandwiches, one guy has a great attitude and makes you want to come back, the other guy makes you want to forget the place...I've been back to Koch's twice now - the first return trip was for a Reuben, and the second was for a whitefish sandwich.  Both were fantastic - fresh, flavorful, and mildly addictive.  The service was very friendly. Koch's is a great go-to deli in West Philly.The thought of leaving Koch's behind almost kept me from moving away from Philly.I have been coming here since the early 70s and the sandwiches were better when the original brothers maid the food, the shop has lost its KOCH flavor it once had. Sorry to say I have found better places, will not be going back, what a shame I really like the family!!!This place is simply amazing. Koch's is the best deli in Philadelphia, in my humble opinion. Please, please, PLEASE!!!!....if you're new to Koch's, understand that part of the "experience" is the long wait. We used to joke when I went to college nearby that if you call ahead, add 30 minutes to the wait time and then when you finally get there, be ready to wait 10 more minutes. 
Worry not though, the staff is friendly and will frequently stop what they're doing to pass out free samples to the waiting customers, anything from their famous corned beef to their delicious honey turkey to their juicy pickles. 
They have a huge menu but they'll still make practically any kind of sandwich you ask for. Top picks, for me, are their corned beef sandwich and the Restaurant School Special. Be sure to add a Doc Brown's Cream Soda to the order! 
I urge all my friends to try this legendary West Philly tradition. The wait is long, but once you take a bite of one of their sandwiches, you'll be glad they took the time to make your meal just right!The customer service suck! I tried to place an order for a sandwich to try it out and whoever is taking order is rude as fuck! He said "ain't got time to give you total amount" Why are you even in business to talk to customers that way? And why people keep giving them business? This blows my mind! Hell to the nah. I canceled my order on the spot.I just finished my meal, and I'm really annoyed. 
First things first- the sandwich I ordered was absolutely delicious. I got the Hot Pastrami, and it melted in my mouth. However, there was no mustard on my sandwich, like I requested. And I was incredibly disappointed by how puny the sandwich was. Reading all the reviews, I fully expected to eat half for lunch and half for dinner. For a $12 sandwich, I'd BETTER be full! I was so so disappointed with the size...the sandwich was not worth the money at all.
The sandwich maker was incredibly friendly when he called and said they were out of Muenster like I'd wanted. The delivery guy was awesome- so nice! 
All of this would have been okay, if not for one other thing. I ordered a large chocolate chip cookie. I don't know why they could call me to tell me they ran out of Muenster, but couldn't be bothered to tell me that they *also* ran out of chocolate chip cookies. That has to be the only explanation for why they, without any explanation, replaced my cookie with a large Black & White cookie instead. I HATE Black & White cookies- I always have. I am so annoyed! I was definitely looking forward to that sweet finish after a semi-disappointing meal. 
I probably won't order for delivery from Koch's again- I'd prefer to go in-store. The lack of attention to detail was frustrating.The service was really good- nice and friendly but the sandwiches were definitely overpriced. Koch's can get away with the high prices because they're famous though. The food was good but not worth $14/sandwich.This place is known for good deli slices and I guess they're okay, but the sandwiches aren't grilled they're toasted in these weird toaster ovens that I've sure would've been genius in the seventies, but now they seem like cheap Quizno's knock-offs.  The bread is good and the staff is friendly even when there's a wait... but meh.I seriously don't get all the 5 star ratings. Maybe it's just that I'm from NY and so I'm comparing this to myriad good delis and not just a Subway, but this place serves up some incredibly mediocre sandwiches - seriously, the meat had labels indicating that it's just Butterball brand and the bread was basically tasteless.  In fairness, putting potato salad on the sandwich was simultaneously novel and classic, but adding a bunch of non extraordinary ingredients together in a mildly different way does not yield an extraordinary sandwich.  Sure the sandwiches were piled high, but honestly it wasn't that overstuffed as I had no problem wrapping my jaw around it and I personally like a higher bread:meat ratio - not less meat, just more bread as well. 
I wouldn't have been so dissatisfied, however, if I didn't have to wait on line for 20 minutes (one single single person in front of me, one single person) while listening to the guy behind the counter say a bunch of straight up sexist and offensive things.  He did feed random meats/pickles while you waited, but it became so uncomfortable to have each offer prefaced by a sexist comment that I just stopped taking them after a while.I had Koch's delivered to my job and it was my first and last time.  I ordered whitefish on rye and here is what I got; whitefish on rye with lox and slices of cheese..........I like lox, but not on my whitefish sandwich.   And, I have never seen cheese on a whitefish salad.  I removed the cheese from the sandwich.    The rye bread was seedless, pale and tasteless.  It was lousy!  But, here is the kicker; the "driver" was on a bicycle delivering today, which was cold with patches of ice/snow.  I felt very sorry for him.Definitely more than three stars (but not yet 4, because I haven't been there enough to clearly gauge).  
Walked here today with our dogs and ordered the corned beef sandwich for my boyfriend and a whitefish sub for me.  There were at least 5 people ahead of me but it only took about 10-13 minutes to get our food.  Being my first time there, the man working there was really nice and helpful to the both of us.  And he even gave us a free sample of the corned beef (which I handed over to my boyfriend).  
The bag it was bagged in was quite hefty and they even wrapped a pickle for us.  Awesome.  How good were the sandwiches?  If nothing else, filling!  The whitefish salad was really good and I'll have to go back and try some of the other (very diverse) options.This place is good but I wish u could just call in your order, get it within 30 minutes, and not get harassed by the dude in there to eat random slices of meat when u pick it upTo die for! Best deli in Philly! This deli makes you feel like you're in the heart of the city the second you walk through the doors. The atmosphere is fantastic. The food is superb. Best Jewish deli in Philly by far!This is an amazing, personal experience in a shop with history and great food. The sandwich maker makes his sandwiches one at a time, and there appears to be only one maker at a time. He is gruff but incredibly personal. No problem at all. He gives little tasters of what he's cutting up, so you have an understanding of the whole operation. I even learned about some cheeses I was previously unfamiliar with like the Sweet Munchee. 
It's an outstanding little Kosher-style deli. I would recommend this to anyone who is unfamiliar with a Kosher-style deli. You can get great deli at Herschels too, but this is a true experience on its own. 
Anyone who rates this under 5 stars has no soul. You cannot find a better place to put your money or your mouth. I would come out here even if I misheard you, I'd be out the door before you could correct me.Food (8.0/10) = Ordered the "Restaurant School Special" (Corned beef, honey turkey, brisket of beef, hot pepper cheese, cole slaw and russian dressing or mustard on double decker rye or hoagie roll).  This thing was ginormous and the flavor profile was amazing.  For $10.95 you get what you pay for....a ROCKET OF MEAT!  
Ambiance (7.0/10) = Place is a hole in a wall.  Don't even know why I'm commenting on the ambiance,...it's not like you come here for a business meeting or a romantic date.  I must admit, the cleanliness of the place did make me think twice about eating here.  Thoughts of food poisoning raced through my mind. 
Service (9.5/10) = The fellas working here are really friendly.  Always giving samples of whatever meat they were cutting for another person's sandwich.  
Overall = If you're around the West Philly area and desire a monster meat rocket, give this place a shot.  But, don't expect anything glamorous with the upkeep and decor though.Im a sucker for good deli sandwiches. Koch's represents a dying breed of traditional delis that doesnt fail to deliver. The guy running the shop is also super cool! Very friendly and inviting which makes the place that much better.
We had the italian and restaurant special, and i still have dreams of coming back here to grab another one. (Im from boston but frequently come back to Philly).Seriously? I ordered online 2 hours ago. The estimated ready time was 10-30 minutes. I came to pick up after 30 minutes...they say they never got the order. But, the online portal showed that the restaurant confirmed my order a few minutes after I submitted it. AN HOUR AND A HALF LATER I'm still waiting for 1 Italian hoagie and 1 turkey club. It's not busy. There appears to be 2 dudes working here who are extremely disorganized and cannot manage efficiently taking orders and making sandwiches. The main guy keeps cutting up meat for us to sample and condescendingly asking why I'm not smiling. He keeps calling me "blondie" and asking if I don't like him. How about just make the sandwich that I ordered 2 hours ago? I'm just astounded at how absurdly long this is taking and how unbothered the guy behind the counter is. Literally no sense of urgency, and he can keep his condescending sexist comments. I don't have to smile for you. Make. The. F'ing. Sandwich. This place sucks, and even if this is the best sandwich I've ever had, I'll never be back. STAY AWAYThis place is kinda nuts. It takes a million years to get a sandwich, but it's fun if you have the time to deal with it. The ingredients are not premium, they are pretty mediocre quality, but it's the best sandwich of cheap ingredients I have ever had. Each sandwich is made with love, which tastes great. I don't have the time or patience to deal with this place on a regular basis, but they are not hurting for customers either.The best sandwiches I've ever tasted. Period. I've only been here once, but I swear only one bite will take you to become a complete fan of this place. The Hot Pastrami Sandwich and the Corned Beef Special were the two sandwiches I ordered and they were amazing. If your looking for a cold sandwich, I definitely recommend the corned beef, and if you want a nice hot juicy sandwich, the pastrami is the way to go.This isn't even a judgment call. A few questions I ask myself before going to a classic Jewish-style deli, with Koch's responses:
1) Is there no air conditioning? CHECK.
2) Is there a local in the deli buying their meat for the week? CHECK.
3) Is there an ostentatious shift manager shouting obscenities and insults at you while simultaneously tossing random slabs of meat and cheese at you to your taste bud's delight? CHECK.
4) Is there a pull out toaster oven that gets the hot pastrami done JUST RIGHT? CHECK.
5) Is the sandwich literally so big that you don't even understand why you considered possibly eating it in one sitting, ever? CHECK.
If there is one thing that modern restaurants lack, it's that blue-collar "I built  this with my own two hands" mentality that this place has. Every sandwich is made with a personalization of sorts that you can't buy. Everything tastes fantastic because the creators WANT it to taste fantastic. There are pictures of local celebrities on the wall and you feel just as excited that they came as the owners are. You walk in and you feel like you're family. 
Funny thing is? You are.Sandwiches were crazy good!! We were skeptical at first look when we drove up and parked. But as they always say, 'Don't judge a book by its cover'! 
I got the Drexel Special: Turkey/Pastrami and spicy meat with cheese on a hoagie roll.  The sandwich was HUGE! And the taste/flavor even Bigger! 
If you get a chance, this place is a must!  I will be back very soon!!!This is a serious sandwich shop and if I'm visiting Philadelphia I try to stop by to pickup a sandwich.
I get the Jewish Hoagie with the works. I am never able to completely finish the sandwich and always eat the rest later. It does take awhile to get a sandwich made but if you've got time to kill and aren't too hungry to be impatient it's worth it.
If you're there on a good day there will be free samples of random deli meats and cheeses you'd normally never get (pepperoni cheese anyone?).Well, if nothing else, the sandwiches here are piled high with every ingredient you would wish to desire.  Exactly what to get if you want to get stuffed to the gills.  
Staff is super-friendly and handing out samples as you wait, but don't take too long, or the customers behind you, moreso than the staff, will get mad.Best deli sandwiches ever. Period. Done. This place is so underrated and rivals the trumped up (but well deserving) deli's of lower Manhattan. Me and my boyfriend always order three sandwiches from here hot pastrami on rye with mustard, reuben, or a rachel. They were all eye rolling, feels like sex GOOD. Washed down with a can of Dr. Brown's and I need a cigarette. They give you enough meat for two sandwiches, the bread is always fresh and the deli mustard taste homemade and delectable. Service is always friendly and they even started knowing us by name.  
Be warned the sandwiches are not cheap but you get what you pay for here. The wait can be a bit long if you walk in but you can avoid that by calling in your order ahead of time. Can't miss.Really enjoy the food here, but the service can best be described as catastrophic failure.
The sandwiches are creative with good meats and cheeses and hefty portions. A nice selection of classic Jewish deli extras such as black and white cookies, potato chips, cole slaw, potato salad, and Dr. Browns sodas are also more than welcome.
The service, or lack thereof, is actually shocking. With 2 men behind the deli counter and almost nobody in the deli it takes about 30-40 minutes to receive your sandwich. Additionally the two men behind the counter took 3-4 phone calls for orders before addressing me in person, probably adding significantly to my wait time as well.
In sum, I'd love to have this catered to me, but I wouldn't want to wait to eat here again.Honestly?  Came here on a whim because a UPenn alum said he came here all the time.  He would know, right?  Mos def.  Hole in the wall with space just enough for you, the sandwiches, and the sandwich maker, I can see how the line can go out the door without much effort of a lunch rush.  
We ordered a slew of hoagies for a bunch of people and we were all very satisfied.  Honestly, I don't think you can go wrong with anything on their menu.  They make their subs big, large, and huge, and they seem to taste great no matter what at an irrelevant price.  I mean, I'm saying this after one visit but their walls are covered with years and decades old letters, newspaper clips, articles, photos of customers past, praising Koch's. 
Koch's rocks.  No doubt.Canceled order after waiting for forty five minutes at the Penn ball park. They could not find it?
Oh well. Guess it's Jimmy Johns.No frills, but fantastic, classic Jewish deli that competes with (what is left of) the New York deli scene. Unassuming location, but not sure there is better deli in Philly.In my opinion, the price is alittle too high for my liking (about 12 bucks for one of their many specialty sandwiches). They do give you generous portions of freshly cut deli meats though, with half of one of their sandwiches potentially filling you up (although I usually finish my whole sandwich).
My main caution for those trying out this place is that they usually add too much coleslaw or Russian or original mayo making the sandwiches too creamy and overpowering for the taste buds.  I believe you can simply ask for less sauce or coleslaw to correct this issue.  
I don't recommend storing the sandwich for more than one day as it gets soggy pretty quickly with the amount of sauce they pack into each sandwich.  
Ordering out will take about 30 min while going in person will depend on how many ppl are there waiting. Otherwise a quality deli with quality meats!This is a difficult review to write. On one hand, the sandwiches are really really good. Especially the hot pastrami. And the staff are entertaining and like to give samples, but when I call in an order, and am told it will be ready in 30 minutes, and when I come at the allotted time to find there is only a small group of people placing up an order right in front of me, and have to wait another 30 minutes because that's the order that is getting worked on now? What was going on before they got in? In those 30 minutes? I know that once I forget about the ridiculous waiting time and I crave their hot pastrami, I'll be back. But if they could be on point with their timing of orders, I would probably come back a lot sooner and more often.Had heard very good things about this place. Went on a Saturday @ 2 o'clock and was the only person in there. Owner (I'm assuming) looked at me like I was causing an inconvenience while he went back to what he was doing, then I proceeded to stand there for 30 minutes without ordering. About 20 minutes in he told me he would be with me shortly as they were busy, but after 10 more minutes of twiddling my thumbs I figured I can get a better overpriced sandwich somewhere else. I can understand getting a little backed up with online orders and other things, but don't let a customer stand there for half an hour while barely acknowledging them.Best Jewish deli that I've ever had. Granted that this is the only one I've tried, and I've since moved to the west coast where nothing like this exists. Every time I visit Penn I stop here for lunch.Stopped in to Koch's before hitting up the local bar to watch the Flyers game. Upon entering, we were greeted with a dingy, cramped stereotypical "old school" food spot - typically a great indicator. Quickly we became accustomed to the theatrics of the maestro of the deli: uncharmingly poking fun at customers, encouraging us to try bits of meats and cheeses, casual racism, etc etc. After being made clear that there would be a wait because of a large order, we prepared ourselves. About 40 minutes later, our orders were called. Unfortunately, one of our sandwich orders was very wrong, but a replacement was quickly prepared. We took our sandwiches to the bar around the corner and grabbed some beers. 
I got the reuben. No additions or changes, right off the menu. Opened up the sloppily wrapped sandwich to discover an even more sloppily prepared sandwich. I get a reuben is piled high with all layers, but this was ridiculous. The proportions were all wrong and were falling out of the now soggy very average rye. After eating what I could of the crumbling sandwich, I was hoping the pickle would save the experience, but it was a poor excuse for a pickle. 
Sorry for the rant, but I will not be returning and never would recommend this deli to anyone.After blatantly ignoring suggestions to try Koch's deli from friends for nearly 5 months, myself and the misses decided to stop in after work for a sandwich. I immediately wanted to slap myself for depriving my stomach of some of the most delicious deli meats and cheese I've ever tasted. There were no other customers when we got there which from the looks of some of the other reviews is a rare occurrence. We were greeted immediately and I told the gentlemen behind the counter that this was our first time to their deli, much to their delight as all the workers raucously harassed us about being a couple of virgins. We were invited to the counter as they pulled meat after meat out of the cooler and handed us thick, tender, juicy slices of (insert every deli meat you can think of and some that you never heard of here). I opted for the corn beef special with garlic cheese and the lady went with roast beef with horseradish cheddar on a recommendation....not that we needed them after the deli meat extravaganza. The sandwiches were phenomenal and we both had half a sandwich left for lunch the next day. 
Before we left my girlfriend was told to call her father to let him know that she lost her virginity and made us vow to bring more virgins for them to deflower. 
Good times + great food = 5 starsLet me start by saying I've been to Koch's many times in my life.  My dad took me there countless times before the first brother that owned the store passed away. Since it changed hands, hasn't been the same. Figured I would give them a try after JL Jupiter's video review of them recently.    Went around 730pm last Friday night 8/30. Ordered a corned beef hoagie. Dude at the counter could barely utter a damn word while taking my order, whatever he mumbled I assumed it was " how can I help you". Only other thing he asked me was if I knew the person ahead of me, which I did and I'm not sure why that made a difference. Ezra or whatever his name is ( from other posts) was less than friendly. Back to the sandwich. It was expensive for a hoagie, the meat was fatty and lacked flavor. Even with all the fixings, it was bland! Waste of money. No wonder I stayed away for years. Won't be going back!I just had the best reuben sandwich I have ever had, but the guy who made it *excessively* misgendered my friend. Now we're just trying to figure out how to get that sandwich on a semi-regular basis without ever having to talk to that dude again.We got a couple sandwiches from here: a pastrami and a Reuben. I got the Reuben, which was very good and came with a huge pile of corned beef. My boyfriend got the pastrami with Swiss cheese. I wasn't a huge fan. It was also loaded with meat, but it was super greasy and fatty, unlike the Reuben.Just go there. It's awesome. The sandwhichs are amazing, and the staff is even better. Plus, it's affordable. Same price as quiznos or subway, but significantly better quality. And free cheese, meat, and pickle hand outs as you wait.We were heading to watch a soccer game at Drexel's complex and found this place on yelp. The sandwiches were delicious. I had the corned beef special and my husband had the Drexel! Both were huge. Tasted like a sandwich from New York. We will be back!I called in my order. It was slightly large (6 hoagies) 4 turkey and cheese and 2 Italian hoagies. Was told a 40 minute wait. Long time for just hoagies but ok, they might have been backed up. Got to the store and was told 20 more minutes. Ok ok ok. You got it my guy. Went BACK 20 minutes later to see him chillin in the window and say 10 more minutes. SIR!!! Why is it taking this long for a hoagie. Then when it was ready he wanted to put my food on the floor. I get the distance thing, but you took my card for payment in an empty box why couldn't my 2 bags go in the same box. This better be the best hoagie of my life. Needless to say I won't be back. He took entirely too long and was rude. I'm good on this establishment.Amazing food. Must try!! 
Go to Koch's Deli. It's a West Philly institution, been open for over 40 years. Keep small businesses open, support the locals.I don't usually like/eat deli sandwiches, but I thought I'd try the hot pastrami, since I do like hot sandwiches. I like the classic vibe of the place and the guy pushing samples of meat and cheese while you wait (about 15 minutes). It was a bit pricey, especially considering the deal you get at saads a couple blocks away. But the hot pastrami with Russian sauce and cheese is real tasty. Definitely a solid neighborhood spot.My dad and cousin were in town helping me with some maintenance projects and I was stressed about what to get them for lunch.  My cousin, coming from a small farming town, it s not one to experiment with new or "fancy" food.  (At one point I was asking him what he thought about strombolis and he said, "Is Italian the regular kind?  The way it SHOULD be made?  When they start putting chicken in a stromboli I get worried.  Why would you put chicken in a stromboli??")  They said they wanted sandwiches so I decided to give Koch's a try.  They did not disappoint!  We got a cheesesteak, a reuben, and an Italian hoagie with a side of pasta salad.  Everything was very tasty and even my cousin seemed to approve.  I would definitely eat there again.
The only annoying thing was that I ordered online through Grub Hub and despite coming at the estimated time I had to wait in the store for probably a half an hour to get the food.  To their credit they seemed very busy--probably because they make good sandwiches.  I also wish they had more space because I had to stand for a half an hour waiting for the food because there was nowhere to sit.4 and 1/2 stars so far???  I don't get it, I just don't.
We tried Koch's recently and were quite a bit let down.  I went wanting an egg salad sandwich.  Well, they were out of egg salad (when the heck is a deli ever out of egg freaking salad for the sake of jeebus--never on my watch), so I went with the Vegedelphia meat "cheesesteak".  It was ok, but not the greatest thing I'd ever had, and at $7.50, was a shadow of what one can get at Gianna's, for example, for a similar price.  My companion wanted a sandwich with a variety of meats, and it came to him completely unbalanced.  Way, way too much meat and not enough veggie.  The tomato was very thin, and he got only one lettuce leaf.  The sandwich he ordered was also supposed to be only $7.50, but he was somehow charged $10.50.  I'm pretty sure he got ripped off by three dollars.
Sandwiches were also very slow to be made.  It wasn't like the place was packed either, with only two people ahead of us and no one waiting.
Our food was not bad in spite of the place seeming dirty, and the owner seemed very nice, but we won't be seeking this out again.  Want a cleaner, better place and deal?  Try Stan's in Powelton Village.Been here a few more times since the last review and every time I like it more.  Of course it's not fancy, it's a little deli with some kitschy little wall decors and tons of letters from across the years.  No tables, obviously, but that's not the reason you come here, anyway.  The guys behind the counter here are really some of the most egregrious and friendly shop owners/workers around and they really go the extra mile to make your sandwich just the way you like it.  They'll even make recommendations (or basically force you..) to have what they believe is the better choice of (something).. like the time my boyfriend got the Jewish Hoagie and they put garlic cheese on it.. and it was sooooo good (the cheese part anyway, the only part of that sandwich I can have, haha).  
They'll also force ham samples and cheese and pickles on you.  As if they really needed to do that..
Ezra and the other regular workers here are just so nice.  They make it a fun experience to go and oh yeah, the sandwiches are probably bigger than my head. I think I made a rule sometimes long ago not to attempt to eat something of that size, but it's hard to get around that here.  
They are absolutely stuffed to the max with whatever it is you ordered and then some.Decided to stop in because I'm a big fan of great deli sandwiches. It's a little dated inside, but full of character and community support (autographed headshots and local business card displays). No problem it's a take out establishment.... and a very clean one. The owner is quite a character and very pleasant as well. 
The food is EXCELLENT and fresh. Healthy portions. Samples to taste. And good conversation along the way. 
Overall, it was a great experience. I highly recommend Koch's Deli! I will definitely be back!What started out as mildly inappropriate innuendo from one of the employees quickly turned into explicitly homophobic language. I was shocked! Won't be coming back here.This is a good sandwich shop, sandwiches are made with fresh meats and produce. The potato salad is really good (especially on the sandwich!) Overall good experience and relatively quick turn astound for take out. Definitely will come here again for a quick lunch to go.