Koreana is delicious. Food and service are both great.
When I come here I get their D11 or wings, both are great and under $10.
Could be in a better location, as eating outside can smell bad in the summer.There's something to be said about a former worker, who still CRAVES this food. I worked at Koreana years ago. Some of the nicest and caring bosses ever!....but you're here to hear about the food.
You'd think seeing the same food over and over again would make you really sick of that food. You ALWAYS smell like onion and garlic after work...god forbid if you couldn't hit the shower right away. (I felt so bad for my classmates, who had to sit next to me whenever I had to rush to class right after work.)
I admit, I was "sick" of the food about a year in. But then I had a two week vacation...and the cravings set right back in. As a worker, I gained 40 lbs from the beginning of working there to 2 years later. TT TT (Thankfully, I'll lost a lot of that weight since...)
To this day, I still crave the food!! That's how good it is. Hell, I'm about head there now for lunch. I honestly went through the entire menu in my head (I still remember it by heart...yea, my fiancé shook his head at this part) and tried to think of ANY of the dishes that I disliked...and there isn't any. (No joke.)
BUT I do have some favorites! To this day, their soy chicken is the bomb! The sauce is to die for! I wish they sold that supermarkets. The kimbap, too... I could nom on those all day long. I also LOVE the japchae (esp with rice, don't calorie count) - sweet potato noodles hold a special place in my heart. Bibimbap: The vegetables are crisp and that gochujang sauce is something (it's spicy but not crazy spicy, sweet, and tangy). In general, I just LOVE Koreana's seasonings. I won't let you in on the secret, but I can promise you this: no MSG.
Tip: Something that I always forget myself until I'm sweating bullets and my taste buds have already gone numb. Unless you just LOVE spicy foods, ask for 'mild' when you order dokbokki! Allow yourself to enjoy the flavors.....without dying. Maybe I'm just a wimp.
I held back from reviewing because I didn't feel it was right doing so as a worker, but two years removed now, I thought why not. I really do enjoy the food.
Hi old bosses, if you're reading this! Hahahah.............. we're going to pretend this never happened. Bye now!Soup is great and service is usually prompt. Some of the food isn't great but if you pick the right things (bim bim bap) then you will enjoy it. For the amount of food, it is a good deal.Best Korean food ever.  Everything is so good.  We always get kimchi fried rice with duk bokki and yuk geh jjang or yuk gal tang.  This is crack.  You know a restaurant is good  when I always order 2 or 3 meals.  
Oh yeah.  And they're so friendly and kind.  And food comes out so fast when they're not busy!!!!
Even when they're packed I'm so shocked how food comes out fast. Customer service has always been great!!!It's always great when there's a strong aroma in this little Korean joint. The place sells fairly cheap korean food! And the cuisine itself is already so lovely with great portions. I'm so obsessed with getting takeouts or grabbing a lunch/dinner here. The kimbap, kimchi stew, smoothies, and rice cakes are wonderful picks! The owner is very nice too. He's awesome, same goes for all of the nice workers.If you want quick, relatively cheap Korean food in UC this is a good option. However, there are not many Korean food options in Unviersity City to begin with...This is definitely not count as good Korean food I had, except their fried chicken. I tried not to think about calories when I eat them because the sauce is very good. 
A popular spot in university city for students l, but if you want some nice Korean food, city center is a better option.Visit Dates: 03.05-03.06.2010
I was in town for ECAASU, and my local friends refriended Koreana. It's easy to miss this place as you're walking along Chestnut St., since the restaurant front doesn't face outward toward the street. The outward appearance is also a bit nondescript and bland.
Once inside, I ordered the dak galbi (Korean bbq-ed chicken) bento box. It also includes mandu (korean dumplings), kimbap (korean sushi), kimchi, miso soup, and a salad. A lot of food for about $10. The dak galbi was delicious, though service was a bit slow because of all the orders during that day, so my order arrived late at my table.
And since I enjoyed my dinner, I came back for lunch the next day, and ordered the beef galbi bento box this time around. The beef wasn't as good as the chicken galbi, nonetheless it was still good food.As a pseudo-vegetarian deathfully afraid of slimy and unknown meats, I had always assumed that I had few Korean choices.  Koreana, you broadened my world! Not only do they make a mean hot pot bibimbop but they make a handful of other dishes vegetarian.  Some are a bit greasy, but this makes for good brain food.  
If you're in the mood for a sugar bomb at the end, try the tapioca dish.  It's a mix of red beans, tapioca, syrupy fruit, and various unidentifiable sugar items.  
P.S. They are closed on Mondays.Up until the past ~6 months or so, Koreana was my go-to place; I ordered nearly 1x/week and looked forward to bringing friends to try it, etc. Their spicy dishes were great, the food was cheap, and it was close to campus. What's wrong with that?
Unfortunately (and trust me, it took a lot for me to get to this point), the quality has been steadily declining. My favorite dish has gone from 1/20 times being a little 'off' to tasting worse every time I order it. I took a friend two weeks ago who declared her food inedible; another a month and a half ago said the meat in her dish was "verging on gross" but I ignored all these signals. My love for Koreana was so strong and deep, I kept thinking it was just an off day, but now I have to admit it's not as good as it used to be. 
Anyway, I don't think Koreana is bad for dinner with the other food options on Penn's campus...there's definitely worse out there. But in terms of lunch, there's more than a couple of food trucks I would much rather go to than Koreana again.(3.5 stars) Koreana hits the spot. It's my weekly comfort lunch: dolsot bibim bap with extra sauce every time. Its sizzles while you eat it and the sauce gives it a great balance. It'll definitely fill you up and offers a nice break from the food truck options around. It's definitely pricier than most other lunch options nearby but its quality is also better, though the meat is always pretty fatty which is disappointing. The menu is extensive so there should be something for everyone.A friend and I wanted to celebrate the nice weather, so we drove to Koreana from Temple University for a change of pace. Unfortunately, we didn't know that this place actually has its own parking lot, so we parked a few blocks away haha.
This place is self serve, and I dislike self serve. The cashier wasn't very friendly and treated me as though I was wasting his time while I was ordering. But I guess this is a no nonsense restaurant. 
The food was good, but I wouldn't go out of the way to eat here. I ordered the 'nakji dopbap' (octopus/squid? over rice), while my friend had the bibimbap. I thought my dish was delicious; I would get it again. It was spicy, warm, filling. I packed some for leftovers, and even my leftovers were good. I didn't really care too much for the bibimbap. It was kind of lukewarm, and I wish the red sauce wasn't as watery. The kimchi, I disliked. It was a little sour, and older than kimchi I think is acceptable to serve in a restaurant.. it was also not that cold.
If i lived close by (on Penn campus), or if I'm ever in the area, I would return whenever I am craving close-enough-authentic Korean food. Definitely worth the money.Came here because of the great reviews, but it didn't live up to the hype. I ordered something vegetarian and was very clear that I didn't want meat, and when my soup arrived, there were giant pieces of meat floating in it. The cashier (owner?) gave me a free bubble tea for the mistake, so that was nice. When I did get my soup it was only ok, I didn't finish it. Keep in mind I didn't try any of the meat, so it could be that all the meat is amazing. Overall, unimpressed.Came here with a couple of friends a while ago back in October 2014. Ordered bimbimpap and it was good! :)) I liked it. 
Not the best seating environment and also heard their milk tea isn't that great, but I liked the foodI hadn't been here in over a year, since U-Town is right next to my house. I came here with a friend last night for dinner, since I'd remembered it being cheaper with bigger portions. 
It was a beautiful evening, so we opted to sit outside on the wooden tables. The great thing about Koreana is that you order and pay at the cashier, so you don't need to tip and the service is much quicker. The owner (?) who works the cashier is also extremely friendly and gave us suggestions on which to pick, since we looked like we hesitated. 
I ordered soon do boo, and kept comparing it to U-Town's the whole time. The portion seemed much smaller, with less seafood/tofu/rice, and the broth, which delicious, was a bit watery. I prefer my dish to come out bubbling and pipping hot, with all the ingredients boiling inside. To be fair, the dish was pretty cheap ($8.25 for seafood soon do boo), and I don't really know what authentic Korean food is, but I think I much prefer U-Town's food.Accidentally found this place, and now we can't get enough. It has such a specific taste that keeps us coming back. Big plus is that they have a small parking lot! We've always eaten in, they keep it nice and casual. No fancy stuff, just delicious FOOD! Thank you Koreana, see you soon :)I love this place.  I love the fact that everytime I come back, which is at least once a week, the store owners recommend a new item for me to eat. I love that when I order the food spicy, it actually gets the job done. It's cheap, relatively fast given how packed it seems to get when Penn students return to campus, and tasty. Win/win.This is a rather old review I'm posting that got lost in my drafts, so apologies if it's outdated!
Solid go-to place for decent Korean food by University City. The service is pretty fast and the guy who owns the place is really friendly; his name is Mike and he's been super supportive with different student organizations and partnering up for events and catering.
The prices are ok, given that it's pretty close to campus -- usually $8-$12 a dish -- and with their new expansion / revamp of their menu, they also have bubble tea and they also sell ramen and other Asian snacks which is awesome because you don't have to make the trip to Ktown by 69th St or Chinatown anymore!
Recommendations: the jeyook dolsat bibimbap, marinated kbbq chicken over rice in a hot clay pot. Solid portion, and really tasty! Alternatively, the yook gae jang or soondubu is also great on a cold winter's night. Great spot to visit and grab your Korean food fix or do takeout. Definitely will be back!Treated terribly today and as a loyal customer too. Given a completely different order than I ordered. And instead of apologizing, the manager yelled at us and made us repay at the cash register. Not only
did I have to wait for another 30 minutes for the right order to come out, but we were yelled at while we were leaving the restaurant because he believed we didn't pay for the meal. Obviously he was wrong. I was absolutely insulted by the way I was treated as a loyal customer. Never coming back to this rude establishment again.On different occasions I have tried the Bibim Pap #7 and Galbi #7 both dishes were excellent in taste and the restaurant was extremely clean. The prices are market value for excellent food. Customer demographics were college students, professors and local community residents. I would give them a great endorsement.
Angel G.I was excited about Koreana after seeing the Yelp reviews. I expected great things. But, I got okay things. It wasn't bad or anything. It just was.
I ordered the Beef Bulgogi Bento Box. The Beef Bulgogi was okay. It tasted well, but not so much better than any other decent place. The Kimbap, aka wannabe sushi, was also just okay. The fried dumplings were alright too. I mean, it was all okay. Nothing was bad. Well, maybe the soup was. It was really just broth. I don't see the point.
My wife got bubble tea. That was good. I'm glad they didn't mess it up. Her dish, similar to mine, was chicken instead of Beef Bulgogi. She said her dish too was okay.
So there you have it, a place that is okay.I absolutely love this place. Great food no matter what I order and the bubble tea is delicious. Also pretty affordable for how much they give you. I literally come here almost once a week!Koreana is my favorite go to for some good quality Korean food take-out in UCity. It's not the best Korean food I've had but it's one of the better options in the area. I've tried a lot of their dishes so far and my favorite is the bibim bap, one of their most popular items on the menu and a signature Korean dish. It literally means "mixed rice" which is a bowl of rice with various vegetable (sautéed and seasoned vegetables), beef, fried egg, and sliced beef. Most of their dishes are pretty good and will hit the spot for your Korean food cravings! Koreana is also so close to Penn's campus that the convenience of ordering take-out to pick up or deliver is a plus.
I honestly would recommend their wings too! They give you two options of soy ginger or spicy. The spicy is not too bad and both flavors are very juicy and delicious flavors. The wings are deep-fried really well. The prices here are slightly on the more expensive side, but that's expected in the University City area. I personally think Koreana is the better option for Korean food in comparison to other Korean food options in the area!NOTE FOR THOSE PEOPLE TRYING TO FIND THIS PLACE: THE ENTRANCEWAY IS IN THE PARKING LOT UNDER THE BIG YELLOW CANOPY/AWNING. I write this because the last time I tried to find it I found 1. Abner's 2. The Strip club entrance. 3. The Chili's Entrance. and 4. The Pourhouse entrance. All of the above are located at 3801 Chestnut. There is some irony in having a family friendly restaurant on top of a strip club. But I digress.
The place is pretty no frills with basic tables and chairs and a small counter area. I ordered the Bim Bim Bap and a ginger ale. The Bim Bim Bap came out after a little wait and was accompanied by kimchee, a clear soup(which helped cool my mouth down) and a sauce that the lady said I should try on the Bim Bim Bap. The vegetables were really fresh and tasty and I liked the sauce a lot. The fried egg was odd at first to eat along with everything else, but it actually tasted pretty good mixed in with the beef and vegetables, rice and sauce. The beef was tender and tasty. The clear soup helped clear my palate and cool my taste buds down. 
The owner/manager and the staff were all real friendly. The owner/manager guy recommended I try the number 8 or 9 squid dish or the squid in the hot pot. Next time I'm going to do just that.
Oh yeah and the total for all of this 9 something bucks. Pretty sweet.This is a decent little Korean place. 
I highly recommend you look at their website because it is hilarious, but I digress.
Koreana is not really a place you should visit if it's out of your way. The menu is pretty big for as small of a place as it is. I was kind of disappointed with the food though. It was a little bland and cold. Also, my friend was not given the correct dish. She asked for a vegetarian pancake and it came out with seafood. They were a little stingy with the meat but the portions were okay. I would definitely come to Koreana for snacks and the like if I lived in the area. Otherwise, it's nothing too out of the ordinary. The quest for Philly's best Korean food goes on...I was in the mood for korean food but didn't feel like going up to cheltenham, so we came here because it was close to home.
The food is okay. My boyfriend's dolsot bibimbap was much better than my kimchi bokkeum bap which was lacking any flavor whatsoever.. we had no banchan because we didn't know how to get them but we didn't care much to find out.
It was our first time here and I was not satisfied.This was the place I had my first bite of delicious Korean food and my love for this cuisine was born. I love their shrimp dish in a dolsot with a fried egg on top (the name escapes me) and had a chance to try it again a month ago and it is still so delicious!!I came to this place based on the relatively good reviews from fellow yelpers. 
I came with a friend looking for a quick bite as well as a cheap eat. This place satisfied both. 
The look of the place is nothing to cry home about. It's located behind the Chili's and a strip club... I thought the strip club (Atlantic) WAS this place. Good thing I didn't go in.
As far the food goes, my friend got the hot pot and I got the spicy chicken without the hot pot. Food was decent. Not the best korean food I've had but for $10 a dish, can't complain much. Dishes come with some cabbage kimchi, which was okay, I didn't like it. 
They provide free hot/cold water and you can get a free tea bag if you just ask the cashier. 
Overall good experience, will come back but only as a "safety" choice.This place is awesome. I've been twice, and both times asked for a vegetarian recommendation - unfailingly delicious! I didn't even come close to finishing my food this last time, and it was still cheap. Everyone who works here is also super nice. This is pretty much the only good not-a-truck food location in University City - highly recommended!A nice, cheap, basic Korean restaurant.  Convenient to Penn and Drexel.  I enjoy the food, and they are usually pretty quick.  Can get crowded at peak times.Great tasting Korean, prices are reasonable if you're not getting a hot bowl, and quick service! Hole in the wall location is a bit small but it doesn't stop me from weekly visitsBeen here a few times. The first time was pretty good, but since then it has gotten worse. The place is simple and you have to serve yourself. The (self) service is quite slow, and the price is not that cheap than I expected given the place and the food. The food itself was decent, nothing special. They managed to screw up the kim chi, which was a huge disappointment. Soup is just filled with msg and I stopped after a sip. Next time I'm in the area, I'd probably go somewhere else for Asian food.So good.
So cheap.
I've never had AUTHENTIC Korean food, so I like to assume this is it. I usually get the Bi Bim Bap (in a hot pot if it's not too warm outside). 
This is one of those meals you want to keep eating even though you know you're full. And they give you this little soup! It's some kind of egg drop that probably isn't all that good and may taste a little sandy, but I like it. For those of you that like bubble tea, this place makes it and makes it well.
The portions are great, the flavors are great, the price is great. The people are nice! They even find where you sat and bring your food to you (you order at a counter). I wish it were a BYO, though.
I've just made myself hungry.FIY: Credit card minimum of $5 and they sell Korean snacks and drinks on the side
The last time I came here was freshman year of college. So like 4 years ago. This time, I came with a friend just to catch up...and to get out of the house on an unusually warm winter day (we talkin 62 degrees people).
WHAT I GOT: Dolsot bibimbap
PROS: Water is self serve from this machine at the front of the restaurant, and the food comes out fairly quickly. The menu items are labeled with numbers and letters to help you order if you're at a total loss on how to pronounce some of them. They also give you kimchi and soup with your meal. But I guess it depends on the meal since my friend didn't get any kimchi but she got the soup.
CONS: I wouldn't say that the food here is terrible. It really isn't all that bad. But that's literally all it is: not that bad. For the amount you pay, you get some pretty average food so yes, in my opinion Koreana is definitely overpriced. Like if I'm going to be paying $10, that better be some kick ass bibimbap. But sadly, Koreana's food quality has remained the same these past 4 years. Most of the flavor comes from the free gochujang they gave to me on the side, and I had to pile that sucker on since even that looked and tasted like it had been watered down. I didn't even open the kimchi. Didn't look too appetizing. The soup is this yellow tinted liquid with a few things floating in there (I wanna say it's egg), but I use the word "soup" EXTREMELY loosely since it straight up tasted like water. Meaning it had ZERO flavor. Absolutely no taste. I guess it's a good thing I stayed away for 4 years. Time to start the streak up again.First time I went, I was very happy to see their pretty complete menu of familiar Korean dishes.  I got the Bulgogi Dolsot, and must say, it's a very good deal considering the amount of food you are getting.  I was enchanted and thrilled that I could get Korean food so far from home.  My dad and I made this our weekly lunch spot on Fridays (after my classes, during his lunch break).  I thought I'd be a regular here.  However, as I kept going, I found myself a bit unimpressed.  Don't get me wrong, it's good, filling food, but nothing memorable.
The LA Kalbi (Galbi) dish with rice #38 doesn't give you much meat.  Just two strips last time I went.  But kalbi is expensive, so can't complain.  (If you're getting Kalbi...get the beef.  Kalbi normally is beef and, in my opinion, it just works better with the marinade)  
The bulgogi dolsot is still a pretty decent dish.  It's hard to mess up and they give you a sizable amount of food and all the added ingredients.  The marinade gets into the rice and all the other ingredients so it's decently flavorful. Can't find it on the online menu for some reason...
The bulgogi #11- nothing special, but good marinade.  decent portions.
The galbi tang #22 came in a very large bowl and was very good.  If I remember correctly, it comes with the bone for you to pick the meat from.  It was pretty good and came with rice to mix with the stew.  Definitely filling! 
The Deok Boki (spicy rice cakes) #33 was terrible.  The rice cakes were overcooked and falling apart and felt somewhat...old.  Not a good sign.  Maybe we were just unlucky, but I am not going to take my chances.
Wish they had banchan, but that might be asking too much considering that Koreana is a bit more like Korean fast food and not much of a sit down restaurant.  Guess I can't be too picky, seeing as this is probably the only college student-friendly priced Korean restaurant within walking distance.  (There are a few places on 69th street, like the all-you-can-eat Philly's Buffet/Philly Garden(?) that has kalbi and such for about $25/person).  The Deok boki was a turnoff and I probably won't come to Koreana again unless I want a quick fix for a craving or it's with friends who are really craving some quick Korean food.
Summary: Korean fast food.  More for a quick, filling fix than an authentic, mindblowing meal.  Meats are good.
Tips: On an interesting side note, if you want to ask for more kimchi, it definitely helps to be Korean.  My non-Korean friends would receive a half filled tiny cup of kimchi while my Korean friends and I would receive full cups, sometimes even multiple.  Makes sense, seeing as Koreans are more familiar with the taste and more likely to eat a large amount of kimchi, but still interesting.  So, if you go to Koreana with a Korean friend, have him be the kimchi fetcher for the meal.  It might save a few trips, depending on how much kimchi your party wants.  Don't be wasteful though!  
Also, make sure you throw out your trash/leftovers and pile up the dishes/trays.  It works somewhat like in typical fast food restaurants where you clean up after yourself.  It's really helpful for the workers and allows you to clear a table (this place does get very crowded)Affordable, delicious Korean food. The location is hidden behind Chili's. I was unaware of the no-waiter service the first time, but NO SERVICE IS BETTER THAN BAD SERVICE in my book. The food is NOT the best Korean you can get in Philly because Koreana mainly caters to University students. If you want to try authentic, other options in center city are suggested. U-town is mediocre as well.Good, Cheap Korean eats can be found at this literal 'hole' in the wall of a parking lot in University City. Sometimes the hole in the walls are the ones with the best food. Try the bibimbap and their delicious dessert treat. You won't be disappointed.If you come here, do not order the galbi tang (beef stew). I believe they add eggs to it, and instead of a stew, you get an egg drop soup with few pieces of beef. Contrary to another reviewer, I liked their kimchi and found it better than another Korean restaurant.
They also sell bubble tea, which was just so-so. It takes a while for them to make the bubble tea though.I just went here and the food and price range are both great!  They have bubble tea and some snacks/ramen as well. I got the kimpab and the bibimbap and both were pretty good. The staff are really polite and friendly too and I didn't feel awkward at all even though its my first time here. I think I would come back again.At first I was in love with Koreana, I thought it was super delicious and some of the tastiest food around. However, after eating at other Korean restaurants and going back to Koreana I realize some of the dishes are a little bland. The portions are pretty large though so I cannot say I have ever left feeling hungry at all. It is usually pretty busy and a few times while waiting for my food I was concerned I wasn't going to have a seat to enjoy my meal. If you're walking to Koreana it's no problem but driving can sometimes be a hassle. The parking lot is pretty tight and sometimes if you're unlucky there won't be a spot for you in it. As for the staff, everyone is nice and they do a good job taking orders quickly and serving the food relatively fast. They have bubble tea and some other deserts which are awesome after a spicy meal and on top of that they have some great Korean snacks. If you're looking for some quick and decent Korean food in the University City area you should definitely stop on by.I'm so so happy I found this place! (Or rather, a friend showed me this place). It's really hidden in the back of a complex, and you have to walk through the mini / ghetto parking lot first.
Good place for lunch, but it's always packed! They have some good lunch specials. I usually get the galbi lunchbox. They also have the usual Korean goodies: japchae, tofu soups, kimchi ramen, spicy pork, bulgogi, bibimbap, bimbap etc. yum!
I want to try their hotpot next time before it gets too warm (ha.. Given it's still snowing in March, it might be a while). 
Now, where can I get some Korean BBQ with the panjans in university city or center city?!?!I will make this short and simple. If you want poor customer service, and un-seasoned, lack flavor korean food I think, then this is the place for you. 
I place order online, food never came, they still have the audacity to charged me, had to report them to my bank. Future customers be WARE? I called so many times that day and conveniently their phone didn't work that day, so I sent an email. No respond. So I called the next day and phone line work left a message and of course no respond. Well, they lost my business and my colleagues business as well since I told everyone in my building about their unacceptable service.the food is not so expensive. You just have to wait and sometimes people forget that you've already ordered, paid  and waited for hours LOLSteaming bowls of noodles, veggies, and meat; bubbling vats of tofu and seafood; bibimbaps sure to please in these wintry conditions.
Off the beaten path: you have to walk through the Chili's parking lot to reach the hidden hub.  Drivers, don't let the hobo who points to your parking space trick you into thinking he's the attendant.
Totally casual: order, get a number for your table, snag a table, and wait in good conversation for the arrival of trays topped with salty steamy goodness.
A foreign menu with little description aside from pics, the manager is super helpful as you navigate to your meal.Well...Koreana is GOOD. To students in University City, Koreana is definitely a go-to restaurant. If I don't want to take the trolley/transportation to Chinatown for asian food, I always walk to Koreana. 
The majority of customers are students-and it looks like most of them are asian (which is a good sign). Even my korean friends are ok with the food. 
It's HOT, it's pretty fast, it's yummy!! 3 stars (it could be more authentic)
It could be pricey if you are picky about that.
Overall, when I'm craving Korean/Asian food- I go to Koreana!! The fourth star is for the convenience.
Koreana is gonna get me through college!This place is great! I've been here many times and have always enjoyed their great, flavorful, and reasonably priced food. The owners and staff are so incredibly courteous and friendly! Last time I was their I didn't realize how late it was and ended up staying well past their closing time. Although it must have been thoroughly inconvenient for them, they did not rush me even once, which, considering I've eaten at places that rush you 45 mins before closing, is a welcome change of pace.Im not trying to trash people who review here... but those of you that eat a lot of korean food... its probably one of the most expensive foods to eat.
Now u have koreana: one of the most inexpensive korean foods i have ever had and tastes good.
Do you want GOOD, FAST or CHEAP? In my opinion Koreana does a very good job at providing all 3.I'm here to respond the former employee who wrote to me that they probably made mistake on that day.  However, I'm still pretty sure that they knew what they were doing.  I didn't even only order wings but the noodles in soup.  My order had been sat in the kitchen for more than 40 minutes while I opened their kitchen door to ask what had happened to my order.  I saw they definitely knew that I was standing there but they didn't even care.  My noodle was soaked and mushy by the time I got it.  And I haven't mentioned how they handed me the order anyway.This is the place for inexpensive, fast, and good Korean food.  I've had the bibim bap (rice, vegetables, beef, fried egg and spicy sauce), seafood pancake, ojingeo dup bap (rice, vegetables, squid, and spicy sauce), and fried dumplings.  The dumplings weren't amazing but the other dishes have been consistently good and generously portioned.  They also have a Korean hotpot that I'm dying to try.  Anyhow, this is a place that I would recommend without any qualms because it offers excellent value and decent food.  Oh, and everything is under $10 ($7-8, usually) unless you feel the need to gorge on chicken wings (you can get 2 dozen for $16, I think)It's no secret that good korean food is hard to come by in Philly. When I discovered Koreana, I was really excited walking in because this place reminded me of a korean pojangmacha (street/tent food), but the food certainly did not taste as good. I ordered the yuk gae jang and a friend got the buddae jjigae. Buddae jiggae is seriously impossible to mess up (how can you go wrong with sausage, ramen, rice cake and kimchi) so I was seriously disappointed to find that both were extremely bland and watery. I also ordered a taro bubble tea, which was excessively sweet. Needless to say I didn't finish anything I ordered, but maybe their other food is better?Just what I've been looking for! I've been having my cravings for cheap, good, and quick Korean food and restaurants in Center City just don't do it for me. Thank goodness for this place! It is very accessible in University City and is a great lunch spot for a study break. It does get pretty crowded but it's worth it. Most of their dishes are under $10 and since it's self served, no need for tip. Don't be expecting the greatest quality of food but this definitely hits the spot when you're craving some kimchi fried rice or ja ja myun. :)Is this a new band?  No, it's a K-restaurant in West Philly.  It's decent, but having lived in LA and ventured into K-town, the food was a little boring.  I had the bulgogi, which was not nearly as flavorful as others that I have had.  It is fast and cheap though - so perfect for takeout.This review is only for their bubble tea.
One day this weekend, I was sad that T-Bowl had closed (T-Bowl had some average bubble tea but some above average tapioca before they closed down probably cuz their rice bowls were wayy too expensive)  and a friend told me that Koreana served bubble tea in addition to their usual korean fast-ish-food.  Well, after attempting to get a lychee milk tea, I was told that lychee and milk "Just doesn't taste right".... oh really now? I always get lychee milk teas at other bubble tea places and they are fantastic.  Anyway, I settled on a $3.25 small "milk tea" original bubble tea, and after waiting 5 minutes for it, I took one sip and threw the entire thing out in the nearest garbage can.  Bubble tea SUCKS!!!  Don't even waste your time or money on the bubble tea here. The tapioca isn't great, but it's the taste of the heavy powder/or/something/metallic in the "tea" slash gross powdery sugar water that just didn't sit right with me. BLEUUUGHGHH!!How have I been missing our on Korean food for this long? Lack of comparison or not, this place still gets my stamp of approval.
In order to find this hidden gem you need to walk half way through a parking lot, but once inside the aroma made me knew I was in the right place. It must be pretty authentic as I was noticeably the minority and without my usual ore-meal online menu planning, I had to think quick. I didn't dare try to pronounce the items but I went with #8, #29 and #41.
All three dishes had very different flavors which made for a nice first experience here. I would recommend all three but #41, the korean pancake was amazing. It was cut into pizza style slices and had amazing texture with the perfect dipping sauce to complement this filling dish. It is hard to describe but the seafood, green onions, and eggs all came together in this dish that visually almost resembled a funnel cake. The only real disappointment was the side of kimchis were too bitter IMO. Also the rice was on the drier side unless being used to soak up the various sauces.
Everything on the menu is well priced which just makes me love this place that much more. I was there on a Friday night before hitting the movies and it was packed so plan accordingly although the food still came out quick. Can't wait to come back close my eyes and point at some other items on the menu!Koreana is the go-to place for a quick Korean bite in University City. Their bi bim bop is satisfying and served in a sizzling hot stone bowl, and the seafood soup is decent. Their prices have gone up since I first came to the Penn area about 6 years ago, and their portions have gotten a bit smaller, but overall the food is still satisfactory and about as good as Korean food gets on campus. For a real Korean fix though, I'd go to Upper Darby, which has a lot more options for Korean food at about the same price.The bimbimbap is good in terms of all the veggies + beef in there (huge portion--make sure to stir so that the rice doesn't burn at the bottom!), and the bubble tea is actually pretty good also! I can't say much about the bulgogi though. I've had the Deok Boki (rice cake + kim chi in this spicy sauce) which isn't bad, and the Mol Mandu (dumplings) which also isn't bad, but not memorable either. 
While not amazing Korean food, this restaurant located in a parking lot (not as sketchy as it sounds) definitely fills the void whenever I leave LA to come to Philly for class!I've ordered a couple times from here on Grubhub for delivery. The first time I ordered from here, it took them about 2 hours to deliver. I called the restaurant multiple times to ask when they would deliver. The boss was very nice about it though. The second time I ordered from them, they didn't take as long but when my delivery arrived, they forgot my wings and the driver had to go back to the store to get my wings and bring it back. That was nice though. The third time I ordered from them, it came extremely fast, faster than the time that Grubhub estimated it to be (within 35 mins!). 
I live on Drexel's campus, so it's only a couple of blocks away. I've gotten their soon dooboo and kim bap multiple times and they're delicious. I usually always get the beef soon dooboo. They give you a quart's worth and give you a lot of beef. The soup still tastes good a day later. Although they messed up my order, etc., I still really like the food here. It's pretty similar to authentic Korean dishes.Not the best Korean food you will ever have, but nevertheless an excellent option for food in University City. My favorite is the dolsot bibimbap, as well as the beef bulgogi and the kimbaps.  The prices are fair.  The ambiance is quite simple but good for a quick bite. We'll be back.The Food:
 If you want to find a spicy and authentic Korea food, you can choose Koreana. When I arrive at Philadelphia, I have heard this restaurant from my friends for a long time. I went to that restaurant with my roommate on Wednesday. We ordered two bowls of Beef Bokeum Bap, six chicken wings and scamper dumplings. The soup has stir fried rice with beef, mix vegetables and spicy broth. I like bean vermicelli in the soup. It is extremely soft. I think people of any age can try this soup. Your stomach can completely full with big portion. However, we ordered other things because we had two people. The fried chicken wings are a bit greasy. Six chicken wings was too much for us. When I ate the third one, I felt a little sick. However, the sauce with chicken wings are very delicious. The sauce is sweet. When I was taste it at the first time, it gave me a special gustation. You will never regret to taste that sauce. Scamper dumplings can be said golden color, distinct levels, but not brittle broken, but not greasy oil, the Krusty palatability. Actually, I didn't like dumplings. However, after eating scamper dumplings, I found there is another delicacy in this world. I have to say Koreana is the best Korea restaurant to visit.
The Service:
 I arrived at the restaurant about seven o'clock. I didn't know why there so was many people waiting outside the restaurant. You should order the dishes in the front of  reception desk. Maybe it leads to a lot people need to think for a long time or discussing with their friends. To tell the truth, the efficiency of a la carte is really slow. There was many empty table available when I entered the restaurant. However, most people in the queue order at the front desk. It will give other people a feeling that a lot of people are waiting. They can't have dinner in a short time. There are few waiters in Koreana. The waiter at the front desk always listen to you patiently. Other waitress will appear when they serving dishes. No one serve you. You should pour away the water and prepare the sauce by yourself. Remember throwing your dishes after eating!
The Atmosphere:
 The restaurant is a little small. If someone want to pour the water, they must stand carefully because they may hit other people table. However, it looks like soft fragrant. Some dishes picture hanging on the wall. When you look at that pictures to eat, you will feel more appetite. There are some tables not only in the restaurant but also outside the restaurant. Although the space is not big, it can accommodate many people. The restroom is small but clean. By the way, the location of Koreana is not easy to find. You should go to the 38th street, go straight for a short distance and then turn right. A little house can be seen on your right hand.I got the spicy jaeyuk dol sot bap. So..for the price $8ish, it's a good amount. Enough to fill up a guy. But way too greasy and you could tell the pork they use is all fatty. 2 of my pieces were just covered up in fat and I had to put it aside. If you are looking for something fast but don't wanna go to a fast food, this place can be an option. But I don't know if I would actually go here again. I'd rather place $2 less and get the same greasy food from a truck or something for the same or bigger portion. 
It's also self-service so you get your own water and napkins. (they bring out the food to you though). I didn't see people leave tip so if this is something you care about, this is an advantage for you~Very delicious, the hot pots especially.  Spicy enough food, quick service, reasonable prices.  
Order at the counter, grab a drink and find a table (you may have to wait or share), the food comes out quick and hot.  I will definately be back.  It is a small laid back place with no frills.  A great place to stop for lunch or a quick dinner.first korean food experience since my move to philly.
friend ordered the stonepot bibimbap. i ordered the kimbap/spicy rice cakes combo.  i didn't get to try her food but it looked really good and my food didn't disappoint at all.
the tiny side of kimchi they gave was good also. 
the space is pretty small and the parking lot is a nightmare. also, lots of college undergrads. they were extremely busy when we dined there and the staff was a little schizophrenic. if not for all these things, i'd frequent this place more often...since their food was decent. we'll see...Tried the jjajangmyun. It was not good. The noodles were overcooked, not much pork in the sauce, and yellow radish sides were small.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Would not recommend for jjajang.I went here once 3 years ago and got some spicy noodle dish that I can't remember the name of for the life of me. Went back tonight on the suggestion of my roommate who is a big fan. 
The place was pretty packed but luckily there were additional tables in the back that I didn't know of so we were able to get seats. I ordered the Jeeyok Dol Sot which was a spicy rice dish with chicken vegetables, and a fried egg on top. I'm a fan of hot pot style dishes so I was pretty excited to try the item. The food was super hot as expected when it arrived and the rice had a great flavor to it. I asked for medium spiciness which was just right or otherwise I would have been in some trouble. The fried egg was my favorite part of the meal though at times the chicken seemed bland. Overall, Koreana is a good change of pace from the usual University City meals that I have and I wouldn't mind going back again.Dear Koreana,
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE fire that terrible delivery person. While I love your (the owner's) customer service, you really have to get rid of your grubhub delivery guy. I was dealing with something personal and had to set my phone to voicemail (an hour earlier than grubhub predicted my order to arrive, btw), and the guy SCREAMED on my voicemail about how terrible of a person I was and how i was wasting his time. When I came outside, he was about to pull away, and handed me my food WHILE SCREAMING about how I was wasting his time. GET RID OF HIM. Many friends have also had terrible experiences as well. I will keep calling, tipping, writing, until that man is removed from his "customer service" position, because he truly ruins everyone's days.
Sincerely,
A generally happy person until the delivery man ruined my appetite.Tried the spicy fried chicken, kimchi fried rice, and bulgogi burrito. Fried chicken was really crispy but I could see how some people would complain about the amount of meat. Skin was like a delicious air pocket of crunch around the actual chicken meat. Kimchi fried rice ($7) okay didn't have spam or meat in it like usual would still get again. Bulgogi wrap ($7-8) was bomb - fusion food that actually works. if you could sub the white rice in it with the kimchi fried rice that would be even better (!!!)Koreana (or, Stripper Korean, as my friend prefers to call it) is a great option when you feel like taking a break from the food trucks and actually sitting down to eat a meal.  Plenty of FOBs come here so there's a high credibility factor.  While it doesn't take too long for them to fulfill your order, I'd suggest calling in a take-out order before heading over so it'll be ready for you by the time you arrive.  Definitely not a fancy place, but tasty.  Most dishes are under $10.Been here numerous times with my friends and a boyfriend. This is probably one of the better places for Korean food around the Penn campus. I've had a lot of tofu stews which were delicious for a nice winter day. I've also had their dook book ki which used to be much larger in portion size. Over the years, they've skimped - probably because they can and they will still have the customers. It's super duper spicy in my opinion and I always forget to ask them to reduce the spiciness! Two things I would keep coming back for are the bulgogi wrap and the korean fried chicken. Until Bonchon opens up in Philly, I probably will keep coming here for their mild fried chicken - can't go wrong with double fried chicken!This place serves authentic Korean food and is one of the best Korean restaurants in Philly. The prices are also very affordable for students. The main drawback about this place is that it gets extremely crowded on the weekends, so you have to wait for a seat. Also, this place is closed on Mondays, which can be inconvenient for hungry students.This is perhaps my favorite restaurant near Penn. It is run in a quasi-self-serve fashion. You first order and pay at the counter, and then your food is delivered to your table. As a result, there is no need to tip, and everything on the menu is between $6.50 and $9. The owners of the restaurant, Charley and Mike, are very friendly towards their frequent customers. The food is very high quality. To keep prices low, the menu is a bit heavier on rice and noodle dishes, although some meat-heavy dishes are available in the $8+ range.
This is the type of casual place that I go to twice a week with my buddies. If you want a "formal" Korean restaurant where you will have to pay more, but receive more formal service, go to Hanwool instead. Given the tasty food and low prices, I go to Koreana far more often.I am a big fan of this place and go pretty much every week. It has the best Korean food in the University City area. After living in Korea a year I'm always in need of a Kimchi fix and while Koreana isn't high class Korean food/dining, its food is good and is similar to the corner shops I used to go to in Seoul. 
So the quality/price is excellent and I highly recommend it. Also has decent boba tea if you're into that. 
One favorite dish is Dwaen-Jan-Chigae, fantastic hot soup for a cold day.Koreana is a decent addition to the burgeoning Asian dining scene in University City.  It just might be the hardest to find though.  Go to the address, look all around and don't see it, then go to the parking lot, walk into it and halfway back, there lo and behold is Koreana.  I like having a Korean fast food option (and there's a branch in Center City as well).  One orders at the counter and then your food is delivered to you at the table.  Everyone is friendly.  I wasn't wild about what I ordered.  The ganpoongki was okay without being special but I wanted veggies with it to mix with the sticky rice (like in the picture they have) and that didn't happen.  Condiments were barebone - one almost empty sriracha bottle and a pepper mill for the entire restaurant.  Still, I would def give this place another try, next time ordering something different.Koreana makes quick food, so I'll make a quick review. 
1. The Dwen Jang Chigae is spicy and delicious. It's got rice cakes, vegetables, and mushrooms galore. It's hearty enough to be consumed as a meal...and that rice on the side is damn good. It's sticky and glutinous and probably made in a pot, not some white-folk rice cooker.
2. The Korean Pancake is actually the best I've had in Philly. It's gooey and comes out hot and looks like it could melt off the plate. The seafood is baked in it, and there isn't any stale fishy flavor or smell emanating from its steam. 
3. The kimchi is boring and not fresh but it's spicy, so the little side cup of it is fine to munch on while you're waiting for the rest of your party to receive their food.Whenever my friends and I are thinking of somewhere to go for food, Koreana is the first to come to mind. They've been raising the prices over the years but we still keep coming back. They have a wide variety of pretty authentic Korean dishes (and even some random Japanese ones).
I always get the #8 Jeyook Dup Bap (rice with spicy sauce, marinated pork, and kimchi). Sooo satisfying and very very filling. I've also had the squid and shrimp versions of this, equally awesome. Their bibimbap and seafood pancake are great too... Everything is great here, I don't think you can really go wrong.
The food comes really fast, and they bring it out to you. The staff is super sweet and are great with suggestions if you're indecisive. It's self-serve otherwise so no tipping required. I think it might be BYO too.. we brought in some leftover wine from the night before and drank it there, they didn't say anything :) They also have some Asian snacks for those too lazy to go to Chinatown -- Korean ramen, pocky, aloe drinks, etc.
The only negatives might be that sometimes it gets so crowded that you can't get a seat (but that's definitely a testament to how good the place is) and it's been getting a little pricey for a casual dinner on a poor student's budget.
BOTTOM LINE: It's a delicious, pretty authentic, filling, convenient, and under-$10 meal and I love it when I feel like treating myself after an exam, a long day of clinical, or... when I want to feel happy :)Ok to eat at the store, but we were so disappointed with their carry out, same price but was very bad.Good cheap fast. They definitely arent a top quality place, but you wouldnt expect that walking in. Its good for korean food on the go. A little pricey, and some ingredients are watered down but still acceptable for a college campus cafeteria which it basically is.Come for the food. Leave for the parking. Took us thirty minutes to find a parking spot.Koreana always satisfies my craving for Korean food, which comes randomly but quite aggressively as well. If I want Korean food, I MUST HAVE IT NOW and suddenly its pursuit consumes my mind until I have my first bite of Bi Bim Bap or Duk Bogi or Tofu Jigae or whatever I decide to get - which is great that Koreana is conveniently located on Penn's campus meaning that I can go directly from class to fulfilling my craving instantly.
Food is consistent but sometimes I just go for their bubble tea because it is really, really GOOD. I've tried many variations and I just can't get enough. It doesn't even matter if its winter, I will go get my bubble tea (and Korean food) from Koreana come rain or shine.The BEST Korean fried chicken wings. Honestly might even be better than BonChon. Their smaller than BonChon wings, but so much more flavorful and the crispy coating is so good.I'm not really a big fan of Korean food and I wanted to give this place a try, so I got the Mapa Dubu Bap. It was good, not great. The portion was worth the price. I also got a bubble tea and I didn't like it. Although this place is probably the only place in University City that serves bubble tea, I recommend going to Chinatown for a more flavorful bubble tea. It'd be worth it.Ok I don't agree with "best Korean in Philly" there are better places to go (moo Jin Jang for one).  Koreana is quick, reasonably priced and the food satisfies my nearly weekly Korean fix.  They deliver too!  Hotpots are great, D9 is my go-to.  Kim chee is meh but I eat it anyway.Love this place! Great for when you're craving Korean. 
They have a pretty extensive menu, which can be daunting if you're indecisive. Better to go in there when you're on a mission. The food is tasty, cheap (most dishes are under $8), and the service is speedy. They're very friendly!
Bonus: aloe juice! And ramen and other Asian goodies for sale. The GOOD Korean ramen. Not like...Cup Noodles. AND THEY DELIVER NOW on campusfood.com! Yay!Today, I wanted something different for lunch.  I've been reading about Koreana and thought today is the day.  Customer service is great and busy during lunch.  The cashier was pleasant an accommodated my changes. I ordered the Squid Dolsot, its kinda spicy with mixed vegetables over a bed of rice.   The mango bubble tea is okay, lite and refreshing but I've had better from other restaurants.  I would come back, maybe my next visit I will try the wings.D8. Forever and always.
The chicken dorso hotpot is so so so good!!!!!!!!!!! The Korean fried chicken was also good but the spicy wasn't as spicy as I wanted it. :( the kimbap isn't that great to be honest. Other than that I love Koreana! Perfect for lunch!Koreana is always just ok to me. 
Their dishes are pretty tasty, but not really great or outstanding in any way. I feel like the sauces they use are decent (but very similar to each other), but their pork is always slightly tough. Their bubble tea is ok, but the tapioca they use isn't too good.
I've heard horror stories about Koreana's delivery and take-out. I've only gotten take-out once, and I had to stand there waiting for a decent while, but I'm not sure if I can accurately judge this place based on one experience.
Close to Penn's campus if you ever want to grab a bite of Korean food (but there are also other options, like U-town). Otherwise, kind of meh.I went with my friends for dinner my first year of college, and it was not really a great experience. The food came out really late and the did not taste as great as I was paying for. However, my freinds said this was the first time the food did not taste good. I am planning to go back again to try it outKoreana is my go-to Korean restaurant in University City. My favorites from the menu are jab chae, soon doo boo, and kim bap. I also love how sometimes there's a pitcher of hot barley tea available for customers for free. Most orders come with kimchi and some sort of egg drop soup, which I honestly don't really like. There's barely any egg, so it's mostly just salty water. But maybe some people prefer this kind of soup...
The best part about Koreana is that it delivers. On those cold winter nights when the last thing I want to do is to go out to get food, Koreana is my savior.The soy, spicy wings were very flavorful and delicious! The cappuccino bubble tea definitely helped me stay up super late to study.Great value for the buck. Awesome bebimbap and the hot wings are pretty good. Make sure you don't burn your mouth on the hot food.My favorite of the Penn-accessible Korean options.  Bibim bap is always good, and some of their cold soups are killer in the summer.  When I ate meat, I loved the ojingeo dup bap, a squid stir fry with rice.  Hard to go wrong, and the service is always super friendly.
I can't compare with Upper Darby or the Oak Lane options, but it's good in my book.
Weak points: a little inconsistent, can get busy, not too many vegetarian options.  Closed on Monday---pretty weak, but I can't begrudge them their time off.Very cute place!
Might be a little hard to find since it is in an alley. The place isn't busy surprisingly and you can always find a seat.
Prices are stellar for what they give you and will 100% fill you up. If you plan on coming late, make sure you show up an hour before closing they stop seating people pretty early.
You can tell they provide good food because the employees are often seen eating at one of the tables at the restaurant too!Finally tried something new this time. Friend got the thing that's a mix of yukgae(?) and galbi tang which is called yukgal(?) $11.50. Basically it's the red soupy thing and it has shredded beef and galbi (the short ribs). It also comes with a bowl of rice. I got the pancake with seafood $8.75 and Koreana wings $18.75. The pancake was pretty big about 8" diameter; it was crispy and good. The wings I got 5soy, 5spicy; they take longer to make. I finished my pancake before the wings came out. When they finally came, I devoured them. I actually had six of each. They were crunchy on outside and the spicy was really spicyHad the spicy beef soup.  Was very tasty.  Service very friendly.  You order at the counter then drop your plates off by the trash on your way out, so not exactly fine dining, but good food and some of the cheapest Korean around.I fell in love with Korean food while doing on internship there in Seoul this summer.
I recently found Koreana and I am happy to say it is great food at good prices.  Most dishes are around $6.  All of them that I have tried was great.  
My fav is #27 (dumpling, rice-stick, and beef)Koreana is all right for a convenient korean restaurant. There is not place to sit inside, and sometimes the picnic tables outside are also full so you may have wait a while. I usually get the bibimbap or stone bibimbap and is pretty decent. The soup is also decent and rice is included.Ambiance:  The inside is filled clean tiny tables and there are a few large bench tables outside.  It really is a hole in the wall when you walk up on it, but on the inside it is quaint and bustling with business.
Service:  You order at the register and get a number on a stand to leave on your table.  The lady at the register was always smiling and very polite.  The food comes out fairly quickly (no longer than 10 minutes) and we didn't mind the wait because the tables were all nice and clean.
Food:  The food was yummy, but I expected that.  I expect my Korean dishes to taste scrumptious, that is a baseline.  I would say that this food met the baseline, but did not exceed it.  It would be neat if they offered even a few banchan, but I can always go to Northeast for that when the hankering occurs.  The soon dubu was good and there was plenty of chicken inside but not much of the other ingredients.  I am used to soon dubu that is chock full of ingredients, and that didn't happen here.  The clay pot bi bim bap was more expensive, but maybe not worth it.  The rice only got a little crisped up on the bottom.  It came with a "soup" on the side that had little taste and was more like oily water (read - they are passing off their meat cooking water as soup).  But the soup aside (which is fine to discount because we weren't expecting it as part of the meal anyways), a good meal with good flavors.
Overall:  This is a nice option for casual Korean food in West Philly, but make your way out to Northeast for the real stuff.Tried for the first time today.  Thought it was pretty good.  The chicken wings were excellent!  All the other dishes were above average price was also very reasonable.For my lunch break today I decided to swing by Koreana, since its one of the few stores around the area with a parking lot. 
The store is typical of many order, grab, and go shops around west Philly that service predominantly student clientele. Service was simple and straightforward. You ordered, sat down and waited for the food to come to you and bring back the trays yourself after you're done. 
The kalbi I ordered was good, the rice was standard, and the kimchi was pretty bad. Maybe its because I live really close to the Koreatown in North Philly so that I developed a snobbish taste for kimchi (HMart is always the capital of a Koreatown right?)  But the kimchi served with my Kalbi just tasted bitter and wasn't good. 
For the price this was a pretty good meal, about ten bucks for meal and drink. I will definitely be back to try out some of the other stuff  on the menu and even check out that dark mysterious seating area all the antisocial diners eat in. jkI went for the first time recently and I was confused with the menu. The list the name of their items in korean names (in english) and have a description underneath. The description is no help because they use the description for similar dishes. For example there is a variety of dolsot bibimbap (or mixed rice in stone bowl) they serve and the description is nearly identical with one word missing or changed so it doesn't convey anything. 
Food:
Good. But I definitely had better. I ordered the Mul naengmyun (cold noodles) and the Squid Dolsot Bibimbap. I ordered these dishes at other places before and this does place is lacking. 
First off, the naengmyun has so little broth. they also didnt have the utensil to prepare to each dish which are scissors to cut your noodles because the type of noodles used in this dish is rather hard to chew. so it is possible you can choke from eating it.
Secondly, the bibimbap was so sweet and there was so little rice. The balance of the sauce, the rice, and the rest of the ingredient was off. So with every bite you seem to wanting more or less of one of the 3 things; sauce, rice, or the other ingredient. But I do like the fact that they give you nice chunks of squid. 
Lastly, what the heck is with the kimchi? It is definitely store-bought because there is no way homemade kimchi taste like that.
Price:
I actually think this place is expensive for the amount and quality of their food. I understand the general cost of the area for students but I can get cheaper and better korean food elsewhere in the area.
Serivce:
This place is generally self-serve beside the food runner that brings you your dishes. After that, you put away your finished dishes away.
Bottom line:
Okay. I'll only go if I really wanted a quick fix of korean food. And this is only if I am in the area.I ordered the bibimbap and it was rather good. I would go back if I were to be in the area.  Staff was helpful. The place was difficult to find tough, as it's tucked away in a parking lot.Delicious Korean food, best in university city! All of the spicy hot pots are delicious. Food here never disappointsCheap. Awesome.
Have eaten the pork Dup Bap and Duk Bok Gi, and both are extremely good, though could use a bit more spice and I always forget to ask. Nothing a little siracha doesn't fix!
Each dish on their relatively large menu is something like 7 or 8 bucks. A really good option for Penn students.The best Korean food in the CC area, hands down. Try the doshirak (basically Bento lunchboxes) with grilled chicken and you won't be disappointed. I speak from experience here, as someone who was born and raised on Korean food for many many years. And you can't beat the price!
That being said, I wouldn't count Cheltenham out. Head there if you want the real deal.Being Korean myself, I have to say this is probably the worst Korean restaurant I've been to. The food does not taste Korean at all and I was sorely disappointed by the food and the overall quality of the restaurant. U-town is definitely better. But the MSG, artificial food tasting enhancers, is way too much for me, especially in their soup based dishes. The Kimbap does not taste like Kimbap at all, but more like plastic. It's expensive for korean food, and definitely not worth it at all. If you're looking for some actual Korean food, I recommend going to K-town on 69th street, or U-Town (although it isn't that great either).Good price for student, normally crowd with many young people. Good place for weekend.Koreana is fine. 
It's really the only option you have in University City for a relatively cheap eat if you're craving Korean food. There is that place next to Kiwi Yogurt on Chestnut... but that place is much more pricier. Dishes are about $15, whereas Koreana's dishes range from mostly $7.25 to $10ish.
The food is fine. It's just that imo, I consider $5 to be cheap food. 6ish.. 7ish.. plus tax gets to $8 which is gray area for me, haha. 
Anyway I've been here a number of times. I always get jampbong, but last time I got the noodles with seafood gravy sauce on it. Yesterday I ordered with living social, some $1 deal gets you $10 worth of food! I ordered online, arrived at 5pm and my order was ready. Most importantly, they separated the noodles from the soup so that my noodles didn't get soggy, great :) The noodles were cooked fine. However, the taste of the gravy I give a 3. I actually had to add a little salt, and it was just not the best thing I've ever had. But for $1, I can't complain. Full price, I'd second think going back there. 
The jampbong I've had there before is good. I think it's the same price, $7.25. But it lacks a little flavor as well too. The bubble tea is terrible imo.. no offense I'm sorry but I don't like any place that uses fake powder to make flavors.. that's not what I'd pay $3 for. 
Service has always been friendly though. 
Overall, it's not a bad choice if you're craving Korean food in Ucity. If you have a car and want to drive $15 mins, I'd rather go to HMart.Koreana is located in a strip club parking lot, and still manages to attract a constant stream of (non strip club) customers - that's how you know it's good.  The owners are always very nice and helpful with suggestions, though 90% of the time I get the same thing - dol sot bi bim bop.  I usually get it with tofu instead of beef, and it comes with spinach, carrots, bean sprouts and egg, all in a big pot of crackly rice.  Their sweet/spicy red sauce is the best (and I usually avoid spicy things at all costs, so if I'm willing to put a little on my rice, it means it's REALLY good).  If I'm really hungry, I eat the whole thing in one sitting, but it usually lasts me two meals, and still tastes good reheated.
I've also had the dumplings (appetizer) and glass noodles, both of which were yummy.  The boba is also good, though they're the blended, sugary kind (vs. milk tea) so it's definitely more a dessert than a drink with dinner.  They also have shaved ice, which I have yet to try, but vow to get this summer!  
Koreana is all about the basics, and usually the service is very fast.  You order at a counter, get a number, and bus your own trays, so it's great for a meal with friends, but probably not the best place for a first date.  Definitely my to go place for Asian comfort food!I found this place on Yelp, and since it had a 4 star rating I thought that it should be pretty good. When I walked up to the restaurant, there weren't any customers. I think a lot of it had to do with it being the summer time, and plus it was a Sunday afternoon. However, I decided to give it a try anyways.
The menu had a lot of options. Most of the main dishes were around $10-$15. I ordered Bi Bim Bap. It was a large bowl, I couldn't finish the whole thing. The food itself was very good.
My dad ordered a bubble tea. There was 2 inch of foam on top, then the tea was on the bottom. I didn't think it looked very appetizing; however, he said that it was good.
They don't take American Express.
In a snap shot, I would definitely come back!I was only there once but my girlfriend has been there a few times.  The place was pretty busy when we got there.  I didn't mind the quality of the food but it was really nothing special for me.  My girlfriend doesn't like their food so we'll probably not go back.Really,  pleasantly surprised by this spot.  Who would have thought the hole in the wall in back of Atlantis(formerly wizards), would have some solid Korean food.  The Dol Sot bim bap was great.  I was there at around four on a Sunday and thirty minutes after I sat down the place was packed.  Everyone was enjoying their hot stone pots, soups, and boxes.  Meat and vegetarian dishes are equally delicious.  If you're in the area and looking for INEXPENSIVE and delicious food eat here.  You won't be disappointed.  Bonus: open till ten even on Sunday's and deliver.not that authentic...  flavors in the soups have always been really bland and watery.  Ive only dined here 3 times but I've never been really satisfied.  
in a good location, and caters primarily to students in the area. 
unfortunately,  the truth is.... all the best Korean restaurants are all in not so great areas. =TKoreana isn't the best place for Korean food, but for the price and portion, it's great! The dak-kalbi and dduk-bokie are very good!!! It's hard to get a table during lunchtime so make a note of that since the place isn't so big.Spicy wings were really spicy but good.  The rest of food was semi-inedible.  Regardless, food is NOT Korean!!!!  Dolsot with pork was disgusting.  My husband got spicy pork dish which was not spicy at all.  Service was slow, place was packed but so cramped that it was difficult to breathe with knocking someone off their feet.  Parking is a plus but as a Korean, am offended by this place's existence.Great Korean food with the feel of an authentic gimbap nara. I've been to this place a few times and have liked everything I've had. The prices are also decent and as inflated as other Korean places in the city.Got the pork stone pot - super yummy.  Definitely enough food for two meals!  Would go to this place more often if I lived closer to University City.Best fast delicious Korean restaurant in Philly hands down.
Despite being such a "foodie" city, center city Philly does not have the best Korean restaurants.  The Sammie Chong's in chinatown is a huge disappointment.  For the best Korean food, you need to leave the city and goto North 5th street.
However, Koreana is my goto option for solid, cheap Korean food with friendly service that is still kinda in the city.  It's by Penn, next to Abner's steak on 39th and chestnut.  There's free parking the small lot adjacent to the restaurant.
Food wise: Every typical korean option you can think of, from your spicy noodles, to rice cake, to bulgogi, to kalbi, etc.  Won't really go into details, b/c if you have had korean food at other places, you know what they taste like already!  The food is a solid 4/5 starts but for the price (everything below $10), it is a 5/5 stars with that in mind.
The food comes out within 5-10 minutes, comes with a side of kimchi and a server will drop off the tray at your table.  There's self-service filtered water by the cashier.
Service: The owner is very friendly and will take his time to explain to you the different options available if you are a newbie. The menu has pictures of all the dishes so that helps a lot with ordering also!Nice place with a great Korean and "street food" and "hole in the wall" vibe. Massive selection of Korean dishes! Got the tofu soup which was served in quite a big portion, and was very tasty and not too spicy. It's a small place, and wait time is not bad at all.Nice Korean food, you can say it's fast food. If you wanna give a shot of Korean food, you can try it. If you wanna feel the real environment, you gotta find one in K-town.The food is awesome! Service is great. My favorite was the veggie dumplings. Out of a group of 9, we were all satisfied. If you have food allergies, be sure to ask what is in the entree. "Meat" also includes seafood. Prices are pretty good for the amount of food you get.true "hole in the wall" place.  The place doesn't look too inviting, but the food is great. 
a must go.My situation is a bit tricky because I ordered originally through GrubHub which created a snafoo during the NFL draft with delivery, BUT Emma at Koreana came through with a make up and I was willing to give them another chance. I have recently been turned on to Korean Fried Chicken and since Bonchon is pick up only, I went with this place. I have ordered from them before and it was satisfactory to my craving so I tried them again. Upon the 2nd time with the "free food" make up-which was called in directly to the restaurant- they were late with my food again-over 1 hour late and no courtesy call-AND the driver made a point to tell me that the delivery zone is "too far" and indirectly asked/told me to no longer order from them. I reiterated that request on the street in front of my house-because the driver requested that I come out and get my food- and he nodded in agreement. Well Koreana, I will take your direction and no longer order from you.Koreana is great for the occasional lunch or dinner while at school.  It's pretty far from Center City so it's definitely not worth trekking all the way there when you've got Tampopo or the other "fast food" Korean places downtown.  I love the spicy pork and kimchi over rice, which is a dish I love in general.  Their dolsot is cheap and very good, the bibimbap is decent.  The soondoobu is a bit tasteless but if you have a craving for it, it might satisfy you.  The dumplings are good and the kimbap is ok--again, if you have a craving for it, this will have to do.  The jia jia myun is good and my friends love the la bok ki (dduk bok ki with ramen noodles).  I used to order the yook gae jang because I love soups and stews but it's not too great (but it's a very filling portion).  The mandoo gook is ok as well.  The kimchi is tasteless so the kimchi bokeum bap is not that much better, but ok. They used to give you dak kwang but they only do now if you ask for it.  They provide cold and hot water and you order at the front and just take the tray to the cleaning area when you're done.  They have a bench outside but I'm not a big fan of eating in a parking lot.
The portions used to be bigger but I'm guessing there were extra costs in renovating the place a little.  But the food is still cheap.  Once the school year starts again, I'm sure I will be back to satisfy my constant Korean food cravings.Great food!  All the food comes out fresh, tasty, and piping hot.  My favorites are the jajangmyun and the bibimbaps.  However, the real shining star here is their gochujang sauce.  This sauce is truly magical and is a perfect combination of sweet, tangy, and spicy!  I would definitely recommend trying Koreana out if you're ever in University City.I ate at Koreana 2-3 times a week when I lived in Philly.  The ambiance is really casual, cafeteria style, but the food is better than the fancier places in Center City (such as Miga, which I hear is now closed).  
The best things I've had there are the spicy stir fried squid and the mandoo duk gook.  The squid is usually really well cooked and nice and spicy.  Every so often if can be a little too greasy or not spicy enough.  The mandoo duk gook is excellent.  I'm very picky about this dish and strongly prefer homemade; even in nice places this is often done poorly.  It's consistently high quality at Koreana.  Flavorful broth, a lot of mandoo which are really tasty ones, not the cheap frozen kind, good amount of duk, and the 'extras' in the broth like scallions and beef strips combine for a filling meal that's perfect for a cold day.  
The things that could be done better are the cold bibimbap which is a little bland (though I don't really like that dish in general so maybe it's just me) and the bulgogi lunch combo is just ok, nothing special.  A friend ordered a bbq chicken dish that was pretty bland.  Overall though great place and I will definitely go back.well i was really disappointed i will never come back anymore!!!
i was order ramen for two on the menu they said have sausage,ham and pork and tofu.
and then they just gave me portable stove i was expected really good meal and have a lot stuff inside my noodle
well when my food came i was shock is look like one portion meal and tiny slice sausage and couple pieces ham and a lot tofu and a lot of soup and veg kimchi!!
well i was really disappointed !!!I like the foods there. Real Korean food and well served. Always busy at noon and weekends. But worth of waiting. The prices are cheap and affordable. Good place to chat and share time with close friends. Good place to go occasionally.Great Korean fried chicken and friendly staff! My boyfriend and I try to come here every couple of weeks, sometimes more. 20 Koreana wings; half soy half spicy. Soon Du Bu with seafood and a extra bowl of rice i love this place, it's my hidden gem. Very reasonable price too.Great food and service! It's fast, cheap and very tasty! It's more a Korean "Diner" style rattan a restaurant but I got plenty of food for very cheap price. Definitely recommendable if you crave for Korean food for quick time!It's hard to find good, authentic Korean food on campus - KoJa's fare is pretty good for a food truck, but not authentic at all minus a few selections. Han Wool is just flat out horrible. I remember I ordered dduk bokki and instead of just informing us that they had run out of the long, cylindrical rice cakes, they substituted the flat, oval rice cakes that are used in dduk gook. Sorry, but that's not going to cut it.
Koreana is able to find a decent balance between authenticity and taste. They offer an extensive menu of Korean dishes - like bibimbap, soon dubu, kimchi bokeum bap, and jeyook dup bap. They've raised their prices over the years, but it's still cheap and delicious. I suspect they use MSG in a number of their dishes though.
I would rather go to the H-Mart food court in Upper Darby to get my Korean food fix, but Koreana will have to do for the time being.There are not a whole lot of good options for Asian food in University City, which is odd, considering there are a whole lot of Asian people in University City. Koreana is no exception to this generalized mediocrity (though I am a fan of the recent renovations).
The pros are that the food comes out real quick. The prices are also lower than most other Korean places, but they have gone up a few dollars over the past few years (which I am a little bitter about). The con is that the food is just not particularly good. The kimchi is never fresh, and I have taken to just asking them to not give it to me so I won't end up inevitably throwing it in the trash. Many of the dishes are lacking authenticity and quality of ingredients. The dolsot bibimbap is a complete travesty - the rice around the bowl isn't even crispy! There are, however, some items that are pretty solid. I am a fan of the omurice (rice covered in an egg casing) and some of the fried rice is decent (though it is hard to mess up fried rice). The shaved ice is unexpectedly good and may be my favorite thing on the menu.
For someone who isn't a big fan of this place, I have come here fairly often. It's not that I detest the restaurant; it's just that you have to go in with a different mindset - similar to how you wouldn't walk into Panda Express expecting amazing Chinese food. For a quick, cheap, Asian-ish lunch, I'd come here. Or maybe just stop by a food truck.I tried the La Solki for take out one afternoon after getting a taste at a local school event.  I was sadly disappointed.  It was overly drenched in sauce with not much noodle or veggies, but there was a decent amount of rice cake (which was very tasty)--I guess I should've gotten it with rice!  I'm planning on going back to try other dishes and maybe La Solki again.I use to go to Koreana all the time when I was an undergrad; in fact one summer I went there everyday for lunch. However I have stopped going there for quite a number of years because they got too cheap with the portions, esp the Gal Bi. I remember when i use to first get it, there was so much beef i couldn't even finish it.  Then they started given fever pieces of meat, and a more bone and fat to meat ratio. I would be hungry an hour after eating. I also did not like that when i ordered the dish  delivery , every time 80% of the meat would be all fat; literally bbq fat. I simply stopped going because  I was paying $10.25 for BBQ fat, bone and a little meat. That being said, their gal bi recipe is one of the best I have tasted, but until they stop being cheap and put more meat on the plate, I will take my money elsewhere.Get to the Chase:
After recommendation from Avi http://www.yelp.com/biz/koreana-philadelphia#hrid:s30NDCDp53fJagyXxzkzcg
Pros:
1) My go-to Korean restaurant back in my college days! It's cheap, delicious and quick on delivery
2) Has a nice area to sit in both outside and inside and no tip required because you order up front
3) Bubble Tea is not half bad either, moreover they sell asian snacks (Pocky, shrimp crackers, Aloe drinks, custard buns...etc.) 
4) Proximity to class, affordability, quick service, good variety of food selection, decent quality, clean area = 4 stars!!
Cons:
1) sometimes the food can just be too greasy, like the bulgogi one time was a little more greasy than usual and i had more fatty pieces than meat (you know those squiggly chewy gunks that trick you into thinking their meat?)Squid dol sot is awesome. Sweet and spicy, with the squid make it a great dish. The self-made korean hot sauce is very special and taste good. And chicken wings are also very good!Koreana's almost never disappoints (except when my dol sot pot isn't steaming and my bi bim bap isn't able to get super crispy). I always order some sort of rice dish in the dol sot pot and it is always delicious, just muuuuch better when the dol sot hot is piping hot so that my rice can get cruncy! Great hangover food and a ton of food for cheap!Koreana is an ok Korean restaurant.  Sadly it's probably the best one in UC.  I usually get the lunch boxes which comes with a bit of everything (dumplings, kimbab, salad, meat of your choice).  The meat and soups are pretty good but the noodles are not so good - I remember getting the jjajjangmyung and being incredibly disappointed.  
Otherwise, it's cramped, loud, but generally fast.  My order got forgotten a few times and I had to go up to the counter to ask what happened.I lived off of Koreana during my college years, and every time I come back to Philly I make sure to stop by for food with my friends. The dishes I always get are the beef soondubu, budae jjigae, and yook gae jang. Delivery is cheap and pretty fast, and it's not a far walk from Penn's campus. Koreana's definitely not the highest quality or most authentic Korean food you can find, but it's one of the best options in the University City area.Decent place for a quick bite if you're in the area.
Basic interior, decent food, friendly service, fast.  Most things come with sauce, soup, and kim chi.Came in from NY for an exam, so I had to stay at the nearby Sheraton. I tried ordering in from some Chinese delivery places, but a $15 minimum was a bit too much for dinner for one.
And so began my quest for food in University City.
I started walking down Chestnut (which is quite a nice neighborhood) and walked by Han Wool. I looked it up on Yelp and was uninterested. I did however find reviews on Koreana to be positively intriguing.
When trying to find this place, one must take note that it is hidden. There is a group of restaurants on the corner that share a parking lot. The entrance to this restaurant is not on the sidewalk, but in the parking lot.
Despite being Asian, I know very little about Korean food. When reading the menu, I felt like a white person at a Chinese restaurant without a picture menu. Therefore, I went with a fail-safe option: sweet and sour fried pork. Unfortunately, that dish was no longer being offered, so they gave me chicken instead. I was pleasantly surprised when the order came with a soup and kimchee. What I had initially thought of as NY prices for a dish became simply overpriced (a downgrade). It was delicious.
Also, they are fast. They cooked my meal in minutes.
+1 service
+1 taste
+1 options
+0.5 portion
+0.5 price
Glad I went. I probably will never return to University City, but I will at least recommend this to those who do go there.Great authentic korean food in philly. Love its location, quick ordering process. Awesome FRIED CHICKEn.This is my first time writing a yelp review because I'm VERY disappointed by this restaurant. I have been here many times for the past three years. I come here at least twice a month just because it's the closest Korean food I can get and I love Korean food. 
Their food was fine at first, not outstanding but okay. Six months ago they raised their price, and they stop giving you two little side dishes, which are kimchi and yellow radish. You have to ask for it. That's okay, what really annoys me is that the lady who take my order always act like "You don't know Korean food" when I tried to "customize" my food. By customize I mean asking for Korean hot sauce to go with the dish I ordered. She kept telling me it doesn't go with it. I almost couldn't get the sauce. I wanted to tell her doesn't matter if it go with it or not, what matter is I LIKE it with the hot sauce. When I asked for no beef in my dish, the first time she still gave me beef. A week later, I went there again and I asked for no beef, this time there was no beef but the portion is obviously less, but they still charge me the same price. Also, I realized the price of the rice is not consistent. They ask you if you want rice with some dishes, some are $1.25 more, and some are $1.50.. I really don't understand that since you're getting the same amount of rice.
They give you three tablespoons of soup for some dishes. My boyfriend and I always joke around said that's "dirty dish water", because it literally taste like nothing. It's annoying that they only give you three tablespoons, and it tastes really bad. Like what's the point of giving people a tiny bit of bad soup?? Maybe they only give people a little bit because people never finish the soup, and the reason why people never finish the soup is because the soup itself taste so bad. 
One last straw, the kimchi we got today is definitely OLD. It was terribly mushy! I'm not Korean, but I know kimchi is not suppose to taste mushy, and we had better kimchi from them before. Overall, this place is overpriced with low quality korean food. I had better Korean food at H mart and U town. My boyfriend and I had been here so many times, but the dining experiences are just getting worse and worse. We just don't want to go back anymore.Koreana is an all around great resturaunt. The environment is very casual and there's plenty of indoor and outdoor seating and the menu options have a wide variety of choices. It has that hole in the corner Korean BBQ charm with the taste of a high end resturaunt. The food was absolutely delicious  I got the D8 with chicken which was a rice, vegetable and chicken dish with spicy Korean BBQ sauce, not too spicy, but a good kick with it. The only issue was how hot it was when it came out. It's made in this rock bowl that's heated super hot so it took took a while to eat it. 
We also ordered the fried chicken with soy sauce marinade and oh my gosh they were AMAZING. I couldn't stop licking the sauce off my fingers it was so delicious. 
The resturaunt itself is very casual, you order up front at the register and they give you a number to place at your table and they bring the food out to you. Indoor and outdoor seating is really nice and cozy, definitely a good place to go with friends.Food was ok. Bimbimbap was flat, jajang myun was ok, bento chicken was ok, deok bok gi was better than the other we had ordered. Service was fast and friendly. Price was ok about $7.00-11.00. Overall it's a so-so place to eat, but great place for hangout with my friends and family.So much food for student prices. There is free parking in the lot!!! The young woman working behind the register and as a waitress (probably the daughter of the owners), deserves a huge shout out for how hardworking she is. Thank you!As a vegetarian, it's really hard sometimes to look at a menu and be sure that there isn't any meat. Their menu isn't really categorized by seafood, vegetarian, chicken, etc. so I wasn't sure what to order. Thankfully, the cashier was very helpful and friendly. When he noticed that I was not sure what to order and when I told him I didn't eat meat, he pointed out each and every dish they had that was meatless and said that he could have some of the other dishes made without meat. The service is great here! I never find a bad temper, bad attitude or sass. 
The food: I've eaten here as a vegetarian and an omnivore. My favorite dishes are their hot clay pots, kimbap, kimchi fried rice and all their galbi. If you're a meat lover, I recommend the galbi. It comes with meat, a salad with what I think is thousand island dressing, rice, kimchi in a plastic cup and a small bowl of soup. All the dishes come with soup, I believe. 
The bubble tea: Meh. I've had better. 
Overall, it's a good deal for the food and if you are in need of korean food, this is a pretty good place to go.Like Greek Lady, only Korean.
The Good: It's Korean food! Ramen, bibimbap, rice noodles, spicy wings, rice bowls - it's all here. Acceptable spot for lunch if you're looking for spicy food.
The Bad: You won't find top-notch food, service, or cleanliness. The restaurant doesn't quite nail the little things - their "cold" water comes out of the tap lukewarm. Beware the spicy wings in particular or you may be risking a fiery post-meal bowel eruption. Don't say I didn't warn you! Maybe try U-Town down the street?I resently eat at Koreana, the wings were awesome hot in temp and spice.... Delicious.  Best wings in. Town!Great place for Korean food around University City area. Cheap and delicious.... I like Soup here.Order delivery to the hospital I work. When the delivery guy came, he called me twice within 3 minutes in a very rude tone to tell me he's been waiting a long time. When I got downstairs I couldn't find him because he's waiting in his car, mind you there are several other cars there, how would I know where you are. I finally found him and proceeded to get my food from the driver side window and again he tells me he's been waiting for a while and expecting a tip when this whole transaction since the first time he called was probably not more than 5 minutes. 
Now on to the food; I had an order of Kimchi fried rice and shrimp fried rice and they both tasted meh, however, the pork and veg dumplings  were very tasty. I guess it's an acquired taste. Probably wouldnt order from there again.Koreana is that Korean restaurant that is cheap, quick, and tasty. (IMO it's definitely better than the other korean restaurant nearby) The kimchi fried rice, and any hot soup type of dish are tasty. I used to order for delivery early in the morning of a rainy day, and the owner did the deliver himself! If you want a fairly priced food that warms you, this is definitely the place. Thank you Koreana for offering a good food choice during my college days! :)The bibimbap was cold, including the meat, but it tasted good.Good food and price is reasonable. Cheaper than other Korean restaurants in town. Love the chicken wings!  Will come back and try other dishes!Dear Koreana,
You're the best--open 7 days a week, unbelievably quick service, and very reasonably priced food. There are so many good options to choose from on your menu; I'm glad you always have a good recommendation ready. You're always full with students happily eating and chatting away. I just loved visiting you with my friends to get lunch or dinner and chill out. Whatever I got, I knew you'd be smiling and happy to have me over. Now, I'm in San Francisco, but I miss those times a lot. 
I hope you're doing well.
Best,
ACWe tried coming to Koreana one time only to find, in the cold rain, crowds of college students blocking our way. So this weekend, after my day long yoga training, my fiancé met me at Koreana for a much-needed refueling of spicy Korean dinner. Last time we couldn't even get inside, so I was surprised to notice that the interior is in fact far larger than the exterior implies. The place ain't pretty, much its clean and if you don't care about atmosphere than you won't care that it's kinda like a cafeteria setting - god knows all of the various college students that come here don't mind. Regardless, the bright and clean dining area was packed, so we opted to do take out and brought the following home: 
Ojingeo Dup Bap (rice dish with squid, vegetables and spicy seasoning): the portion of squid and vegetables was, IMHO, quite small, but I was pleased with the level of spicy (could've been more, but I have abnormal levels of spicy tolerance). Vegetables seemed like Asian slaw, I would've hoped for large pieces of mixed vegetables, but at least the squid was well cooked and not rubbery - wish there had been a few more pieces of that, too!
Beef Bokeum Bap (fried rice with beef, mix vegetable and black bean sauce): I didn't taste much since I don't eat beef, but my small bite of the vegetables really only had potatoes and onions, so I'm not sure what other vegetables, if any, there were. The black bean sauce is pretty good, though.
Kimchi Chigae (soup dish with pork, tofu, kimchi, and bowl of rice on side): SPICY, and tasty, there was definitely a lot of kimchi in there along with the chunks of pork, tofu, and slices of a fish ball (which provided some relief from the spiciness). You'll need that extra bowl of white rice to tame the flames on your tongue.
They gave us extra kimchi on the side, which was entirely unnecessary but delicious nonetheless. The prices are good, and each dish can feed one person (unless you're my fiancé, in which case, maybe get another dish). We both enjoyed the food, although our Korean friends say the quality is closer to street food than traditional Korean - but it's hard to find Korean in CC, so I'll take what I can get (esp for cheap!)I ordered online using GrubHub and my food never came. I'm starving and very upset. This is the second time this happened to me too. I am never, ever, ever going to order from Koreana again.
Not even worth 1 star...Such a hidden gem! This place is incredible. Huge variety of meals. I ordered a soup with assorted seafood, and it was amazing. The broth is to die for, and the quality of the ingredients is good too. You just can't beat this kind of cooking for the price it's at either. I'd absolutely go back here, and I'd bring friends too! My mouth waters thinking about this place.Deliciousness at a cheap price! When I was in college, I loved this place because it was a walkable distance from class and friendly on a student budget. I still like to hit it up, especially on cold, rainy days when I need a soon doo boo or chigae to keep me warm.  
Although I agree with others that this is not the most authentic Korean food I have eaten, I would say that it is decent enough to satisfy any Korean food cravings one may have. Definitely worth a visit!since i've been in the university area koreana has been my kitchen i ate lunch and dinner there , they give alot of food  i can't complained . there food is just like home my mom cook for me , thanks koreanaSolid Korean restaurant.  There are new dishes to try all the time, and the classics are always solid.  Plus, you can make your dishes as spicy as your heart and taste buds desire.  The family that runs this place is always friendly and takes orders with a smile.At first glance, it seems like a pretty authentic korean place in Philly/University City area considering that you order at the register and get your own utensils and water. But after trying this place, I beg to differ. Go a little further towards northeast Philly or just out of Philly so you can try better korean food. My friends and I got the bibimbap, which had way too much rice than meat for what it's worth. It also took a long time to get our order. I understand that they tend to get busy with all of the students that come here, but I'm sure that the owners know that their quality of food and service can be way better. My guess is that they just milk students for their money because they know they have supplier power.I guess I should have known that they would be disappointing on the vegan/vegetarian, but I still can't get over how disappointing it was. They charged me $9 for a sad, cold salad with no sauce or anything. I was excited by all their noodle and rice dishes, so I was expecting something similar except with tofu instead....that would have been pretty easy right? Very sad experience. Don't bother unless you feel the need to put meat in everything...i used to come here a lot as an undergrad many a years ago.. i came back for the first time in like 4-5 years, adn they've changed da lot. some in good ways, some in bad ways. the interior is much neater now. price is much much higher! but i msut give props to their jjambong and their ddukbokgi. always a good place to go on penn's campus for some k foodI love this place! They have so many choices and the food tastes so good.  Also, the prices are fairly cheap (think college student budget).  The people who work there are really nice and the restaurant is very cozy inside.  Service is very quick! My only complaint is the parking.  Oh and their bubble tea sucks... It's like a gross powdery concoction.  Also, their Korean BBQ is a bit spicier than I'm used to, but it's delicious! I really do like this place!They know they cater to a university crowd, so they barely try--it's just not good food. Hike up to Upper Darby for a Koean fix.Amazing food and great service! Definitely one of my favorites on campus. Try the Yukajang!It really is not amazing, but will satisfy any spontaneous cravings for Korean food. First time I've ever had yukgaejiang with sliced beef instead of shredded, which was kind of strange. However, their kimchijigae is pretty decent. I tend to go back and forth between the two. galbitang is not on point. Not the best Korean food around, but the most decent you can get in University City without having to travel too far.Koreana specializes in hot bowls such as the Bibim Bot.  I had the Jayook Dol Sot which was served piping hot in a cast iron bowl.  The flavor and heat were intense.  I had to let it cool down before diving in.  I stirred in the house made kimchi which added a layer of spicy goodness.  I made it to the bottom of the bowl to find semi burnt rice which added nice texture and char flavor to the final bites.  This is Korean BBQ at it's best!  A gem in the University City section.My daughter and I were in town and used Yelp to find this awesome food. Without a doubt, it is a hole in the wall. But the food was wonderful and the owner so helpful. 
I got the pork jeyook. Served in a sizzling iron bowl. This makes the rice crispy and extra delicious. The kimchi was wonderful and served on the side. Loved it. I'd be a regular if I lived anywhere close. 
The place was packed on a Tuesday night !  But don't go there for atmosphere. Just delicious food.Food is delicious especially their Korean wings.  That's what I always ordered if I went there.  The zero star is for their unfair service.  Called for take out 20 minutes ago before I arrived.  Got there and paid for my food.  Was told that need some more times for the wings getting ready.  Okay sure no problem.  A couple of young guys came after me, they looked around and ordered food and wings.  The lady told them it will take other 15 minutes for the wings.  Hearing them saying they are super hungry.  Hope they will get their wings faster.  Like five minutes later, I saw a tray of food and wings going to their table.  I, ordering take out 20 minutes before I stood there waiting, plus standing there the other 15 minutes, still stood there waiting.  By the other 15,20 minutes, my food was not ready.  I kept asking where my order is.  Are they ready?  They are coming up.  I realized that the wings that I supposed to get was in those guys mouth chewing and already in their belly.  However, my feet standing there waiting for proteins to get energy and my taste buds were still waiting for their most delicious wings......I told my taste buds......not here ever!!!!!Best spot in West Philly on a cold night! Check out my full review here! Thanks!
http://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2013/09/16/koreana-a-great-warm-meal-on-cold-nights/This is an awkwardly located hole-in-the-wall, order-at-the-counter place with a huge selection of Korean food, and very good prices.
The food is very good, but I have one small complaint, which is that, compared to nearly all other Korean restaurants I've been to, (a) you get fewer side dishes with your meal, and (b) the side dishes aren't really very good, and certainly aren't up to the level of the food here, which is top-notch.
There are a lot of items on the menu here that are hard to find on the menu in many Korean restaurants in America, which may reflect that it seems to cater mostly to a more discerning Asian crowd.
I do want to comment on the location...it's around the back of a little row of shops, and you need to enter from the back, the parking lot side.  There is outdoor seating, although it is basically just a roof over a section of parking lot, and is not the most pleasant location for a patio.Food is OK. But the delivery takes literally 90 FUCKING MINS! We complained after we had been waited  for 70 MINS and they refused to take it seriously until we got really angry. They should hire more people to do the delivery! I admit that 2 stars does not reflect the quality of the food there, but given my ruined mood on a Friday night, I will not regret giving them a low score. 
Think it over before you decide to go.On a lazy Saturday noon, my roommate and I wandered here for some food. She got chicken stone pot rice and I got the pork stone pot rice. Servings were big enough to fill us for two meals and prices weren't too bad. I shouldn't be comparing but I miss Korean food from Korea.Amazing food, great prices. My mom actually looked at my credit card statement and asked me to bring her to Koreana when she came to visit Philly (I am a college student) because I seemed to be constantly eating there.Koreana was a mainstay for me during college but I think the quality and quantity has really gone downhill.  The rice cake dish that I ordered the last time was about half as much as it used to be.  At this point I'd choose the food trucks over Koreana.
As much as I want to support this family restaurant, it's just not what it used to be.this place has a parking lot, not too far away for people in south Philly, food is not as expensive. D9 is the bomb. wings taste just like Bonchon.Didn't actually order anything but had some of my friends'. I'm not sure how good Philadelphia Korean food is, but being from NJ and NY, this place's food was not that good. The soup was very bland, as well was the kim bap. My friend's kim chi bibimbap was also lacking. However, I greatly appreciate that the place is BYOB and that there is outdoor seating. They have a good selection on the menu and decently priced bubble tea, however I hear it's not that good. Won't be stopping by here again if I'm in town.I'm updating my review, not because my rating changed at all, but because I feel that I have a better understanding of this place now that I have visited once more and have tried more of their food.
Things I don't like:
1. Both times I have been here, the kimchi has been not good. 
It's never as cold as I prefer it, and it's never as 'fresh' - as in, it is past the fermentation stage that is desirable to eat. I do like really fermented kimchi (kimchi that has been kept pointedly longer than normal), but this kind is not that and just seems old. I'm not sure if this is the style of kimchi that they prefer, but to me, it just screams that they are too stingy to throw it away, or that they just don't ever have good kimchi. It's also cut into tiny pieces, but maybe that's a plus because I don't even want a big piece of it in my mouth.
2. They are so STINGY with the meat. Cannot emphasize enough. STINGY!
I have never been to a place that is this stingy with the meat. I ordered a budae jjigae for 3, which came out steaming in a giant pot that was placed on a portable burner. It was actually decent tasting (but I believe that my friends and I could make a better, more satisfying one), but the amount of meat in it was pathetic. The hot dog slices in it were around a centimeter in length each. Probably half that. And there were maybe 12 of those tiny slices. There were also only THREE little half-inch cube pieces of spam, and maybe 2 slices of rice cake. Plenty of bean sprouts. I understand that protein may be expensive, but it's just hot dogs and spam! Ugh, come on. I wouldn't order it again. Especially because of the meat stinginess.
Things I do like:
1. Affordable
Very cheap - a meal will cost you less than $10 here (unless you go for the lunch boxes, which I do not recommend you do, as I feel they are the stingiest with these).
2. Self service
On my last review here, I said I do not like self service. However, I have since changed, and now I prefer it. They bring the food out for you, but you must grab your own water or buckwheat? tea (which is free!), and put your dirty dishes away. The service that is there was really friendly too.
3. Jaeyuk bokum
Not sure of spelling. But I think anything Dolsot here would be amazing. The rice gets amazingly crispy in that dark earthenware bowl and keeps the food hot until the very last bite.
4. Yookaejang
Again the spelling. But it was delicious - even though it tasted nothing like momma's. Spicy and filling.
5. They take credit card! $5 minimum.
Pretty much, this place is cheap and the food is alright/decent. I'll come here whenever I'm in the mood for a cheap Dolsot/dupbap/cheap korean food whenever I'm in the area or if a friend is down to drive.Found hair in my rice and waitress showed zero f*ck still recovering from the unpleasantness.Everything was as ordered.  The Pajeon Pancake was pretty greasy, but overall,the whole meal was definitely satisfactory.  I'd recommend the Shrimp Bokeum Bap!Unfortunately, I have to retract my aforementioned comment on their bubble teas. I usually never order any of their fruity flavored bubble teas, but I did a few weekends ago. Huge mistake because it was powder based. Sorry, powdered fruit is unacceptable and I won't be repeating that mistake again.Although not everything on their menu is my favorite, I really do love all their food that come in stone bowls like D8 chicken (chicken Jaeyook) or their bibimbap in stone bowl. The rice gets crispy and tastes so yummy! It's a little spicy so be sure to grab lots of water. Koreana also has Korean and Asian snacks and ramen you can purchase on the side. Also their fried chicken is bomb. Way better than bonchon in Chinatown philly.I enjoyed the food here a lot! I like the bogogi dolsolt .
The staff are also very friendly. The food tastes great.Oh Thank God that Koreana open on that snow day, 98% of the  food place were closed I order from grubhum I got my food late but it was  good at least I got some food to eat if it Koreana did not open I would be starving to death. I know they were busy that day. Thank you Koreana.Discreetly hidden in  a parking lot   on Chestnut Street, Koreana  is a great place to  find  affordable Korean food in University City.   The  place is a haven  for U of Penn Students  but  if you aren't a student,  don't let  that stop you  from checking it out.  Inexpensive,  yet minimally decorated, Koreana  serves up  a decent  and  generous  serving of my favorite  dish- bibimbop .   Add a  large  glass bottle  of Coke cola from Mexico and for $10, you will  have a  satisfying meal that  leaves you feeling  full until breakfast.I don't have extensive experience with Korean food, but I really like Koreana. They're relatively quick, and I often pick something up from here on my way home to West Philly. Everything is really affordable and tasty for what you get. I try something new every time I come and most of the time it's really good. I especially like their Kimchee! Once again, I can't speak on the authenticity of it, but I still think it's delicious.Since it's hidden in the parking lot of a strip club, this spot is probably missed by a lot of passers-by.  I found out about this joint through yelp, and I was very satisfied.  The restaurant itself feels like a secret club and only those in the know are allowed to dine here.  I got there at a pretty busy lunch hour, so I couldn't dine in, so I took my lunch to go and ate it at work.  Very generous portion for $7.  I helped myself to the water cooler while waiting.  My coworker got a minty-looking bubble tea.  I was jealous.  I will be back!Solid and quick. Got the galbi tang and it was pretty great.Really not that great but I still go because it's cheap, close, convenient, and some of the only Korean food in the area.  Food is subpar and steer clear of the slushies and boba.So I decided to order Koreana for lunch (delivery). When I got my food, I noticed that I was missing part of my order. I called the restaurant to let them know and they told me that they changed the menu a year ago and never updated it. They said that the meal I ordered doesn't come with vegetables anymore, even though it was indicated with vegetables on the menu. I asked the chef if he would send me a new batch of mixed vegetables because I was rather disappointed and thought it unprofessional to deliver food not as described on the menu, and what I got was the tiny bowl of vegetables seen in the picture below. These are straight from a freezer bag and microwaved with no sauce, not to mention there was about 2 bites worth of food in the whole bowl! On top of that, the bubble tea I ordered didn't contain milk even though I explicitly asked for it. Terrible experience. I feel cheated. Do yourself a favor and order elsewhere!I must of passed this place a million times, until I decided to give it a try. It is a hole-in-the-wall kind of restaurant with the bare bones decor inside. I went here with a couple of friends to randomly try dishes off the menu. I particularly liked #11 Bulgogi/BeefDup Bap. Got my fill of some kimchi as well. I recommend the Taro bubble tea as well.
I have heard that wait time for delivery is ridiculous. I would just recommend heading over there to make the order, pretty fast. I had plenty of leftovers from the large portion sizes. Prices are very reasonable.
Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back here for lunch. Though this is probably a middle-of-the-road Korean restaurant for me.Overall Value: Solid Korean food at a reasonable price. The Korean food options in Philly are on the pricier side, so the $9-$10 menu items at Koreana are a really good value. No, the food will probably not blow you away, but it's probably just as good as any other Korean food in the city. And it will hit the spot and not break the bank, and the portions are fairly large.
Food: We got the pork jayook (D8) and the bul deok boki (26), and our total was just over $22 after tax. A good amount of pork and beef in each of the dishes. Each was spicy, but not overly so. The pork jayook comes in a hot stone bowl, creating the lovely crispy rice burnt rice on the bottom. It also comes with veggies and an egg on top. The egg in the jayook comes fully cooked, as opposed to sunny side up, we means you don't get much runny yolk to mix in (sad!). The flavors were good, but it felt like it was missing a little depth. The bul deok boki comes with ribeye beef, veggies, rice cakes, and processed fish. A little sweet and a little spicier than the jayook, but it comes together well. Between those two dishes, we were pretty full without any appetizer. I should mention - there is no banchan (the free appetizers at most Korean restaurants), which is a little disappointing. They have Korean shaved ice on the menu, but it was marked as unavailable when we went - will have to try it some other time!
Service: Pretty no frills. They bring the food out on a tray, and will bus it for you when you leave. There is also a pitcher of water that you can pour yourself. The cashier was nice enough.
Space and Pace: It's a unassuming interior space - kind of like a school cafeteria. It wasn't overly crowded (although we went kind of off hours), and weren't rushed out the door. Food came out fairly quickly. Seems like a great place to get a cheap lunch with a few friends.Love this place. Quick, cheap and incredibly high quality Korean food. The place itself is simple but it doesn't feel dirty.  It has nice outdoor seating and the staff is friendly. Just a great place to grab a quick meal with friends.For Korean food in Philly this is probably one of the better places to go to. The stone pot bibimbap seems to be everyone's favorite, though I was not a particular fan. Traditionally, the egg is given to you raw so that it cooks in the hot pot, but here they normally cook it for you already. The hot sauce was also watered down with too much of the sesame oil mixed it with it. 
I got the galbi, and it didn't taste too great. However, I shouldn't have expected so much from this place since it's small mom and pop korean food restaurant. 
The kimchi korean pajeon (pancake) was great! 
For someone who has never had korean food or not that experienced with it, this is definitely a better place to go than most places in Philly. Also, the menu has a wide variety for people who are nervous about trying. 
It's tiny, and not really great for crowds.My friends and I were looking for a BYOB, so we decided to check it out.
It took us a while to find because it was located behind the building on chestnut. No one greeted us when we came in so we were a little confused. The inside looks like a cafeteria.
You order up front and seat yourself and they bring the food out to you. Drinks, etc are also self-serve. I'm not sure if it was actually BYOB, but they didn't say anything about us drinking wine out of plastic cups.
I don't have too much to compare the food to because I have only eaten at a few Korean restaurants. We split the #34 Mol Mandu appetizer, which are boiled vegetable dumplings, and they were nothing special, but swimming in water which made them mushy and hard to pick up. For the entree I got #40 Tofu Kimchi, which I was advised to take instead of #1 Jajang Myun. It was good, but could have been spicier.
Overall, if I was in University City again I would go there for an inexpensive meal, but the restaurant and food are nothing special.Walked in and no one bothered to greet us. The hostess was not friendly at all. The dining area was subpar to say the least. The food was ok but could have been better. Will not be retuning to this place.Well this was alright. 
In short, the food in general was not bad, but there were some bits that were mildly disappointing.
Please forgive that I don't remember dish names.
First of all, this is a review for takeout. I got the spicy seafood noodle soup that I think is the number two, as well as some of those korean sushi rolls. 
The soup was sufficiently tasty I guess, and I'm glad that, since it was takeout, they separated the noodles so as to keep their structural integrity, that was pretty nice. Also, they packed in a mini dish of kimchi and pickled radish as sides which was unexpectedly thoughtful. Now, though the flavour of the soup was not undesirable, both the amount of seafood and caliber of the seafood was less than imrepessive. There was barely any actual meat to the soup, I had just two or three shrimp then a couple spoonfuls of just tentacles. However, I will say that the shrimp were less overcooked than I've had in similar dishes elsewhere. The sushi roll was yummy and they included a very compatible dipping sauce, but the roll wasn't rolled particularly tight and was prone to just a little bit of coming-apart-ness. But I'm just nitpickin at this point.
Anyway's this place was also filled with korean students when I went to go get food, so that can only mean one of two things: it's good korean food, or its the only decent korean food within walking distance of UPenn.Nice restaurant worth a try! The food I like best is the Soon Dooboo, delicious beef, tofu w egg in hot soup its just so good for lunch. It is not expensive as well.They now deliver and have coconut bubble tea.
Koreana, get out of my head.I love me some Korean food, and here is a good spot. It's tucked away amount the strip clubs which are surprisingly open during daytime hours. Small spot but has additional seating upstairs. I am vegetarian and was thankful to have options by just telling the owner no beef. I had the Kim bap with crab and the scallion pancake. So tasty and if you wanna mess with the hot pepper paste you will be so sweaty.