The staff was amazing. Cute hidden sushi place on Jewelers row. We had a groupon so we went to try it out. We were seated right away. Ordered our food and got our soup quick. After the soup, someone who was either the chef or the owner surprised us with a free sushi appetizer and introduced himself to us. He asked us our names and shook both of our hands. His welcoming personality took me off guard because you rarely see that in Philly restaurants. The sushi was very good. Highly recommend.Here in Philly on a family vacation and craving some sushi.  Was very impressed!   The sushi was very affordable and tasted delicious!  The dirty seaweed salad is amazing and we also loved the volcano roll and the amazing tuna roll.  Everything was very good, but those were our favorites.Great service and great food!!!!  Great gluten free options. So warm, welcoming and accommodating! In from out of town and will definitely cGood food and even better service! JJ was super nice and hospitable. Much appreciated!I love koto sushi,the food was delicious!!! Beautiful place and great staff!Highly recommended.Definitely be back!This was a nice little sushi place with a laid back atmosphere. The sushi was good and if you bought the special it was reasonably priced. The workers were extremely nice and very attentive. Miso soup was rich in flavor and so was the sushi. Will definitely go back.Very good food! I don't even usually like sushi and I enjoyed the food here. Great service and incredibly nice staff!They really exceeded my expectations last night. The staff is warm and friendly. The sushi, even the basic rolls, is made well. I enjoyed the miso soup here and even though it is a very basic item on Japanese menus not everyone gets it right. They even gave us a complimentary kani salad which was totally unexpected. We used a generous groupon and two Kit-kats came with our bill. The little touches mattered the most. Great job Koto.Terrific sushi and the best service! Absolute gem. We had the volcano and spicy girl roll and really enjoyed both.Decided to check this place out with my boyfriend during our weekend trip to Philly and was not disappointed! We got there 30 minutes before closing but never felt rushed! The food, service and ambiance was one of a kind!
We started with the Pork gyoza. My boyfriend had the general tso chicken and I had a shrimp tempura and California roll and everything was amazing! The owner came out and introduced himself and gave us a salad on the house that was amazing! 
Everything was amazing! Can't wait to go back!!! Definitely worth checking out!I went to dinner with my roommates and had a wonderful experience. From the attentive service to the chef coming out to give us a free appetizer, this place was fantastic! The sushi was great and I definitely will be back.Despite the groupon and close proximity, I was quite disappointed with quality of the food and the slightly overinflated prices.
Must get: urchin, soft shelled crab
Meh: signature sushi, pepper tuna tataki (MUST AVOID), dirty seaweed salad
Missed out: yellow tail sashimi
I came here with my wife here on a journey to sample new sushi joints in Philly. While the service was quite expedient and friendly, as there were only 6 patrons when we arrived, the food quality just didn't match. We ordered the age dashi tofu, pepper tuna tataki and dirty seaweed salad for appetizer. I was a bit disappointed by the age dashi as I am more familiar with the lightly battered soft tofu in a broth with seaweed, however, Koto sushi just fried them and served them as they were. The biggest disappointment/disaster was the pepper tuna, it came out on a fancy bed of greens, but the fish was frozen, tasteless, thin, and represented the few times where I ate the prized protein so my wife wouldn't have to suffer. The soft shelled crab was also jarringly different when it came out, as I was expecting something that resembled a crab, but instead I was treated with chunks of crab meat heavily battered and fried. However, I was quite pleased as it came straight out of the fryer and was not overwhelming or too oily. I was a bit surprised by the sea urchin, which for $10 for 3 pieces...wasn't all that bad. It did not come in the shell, which made me question the freshness, especially when it lacked the briny taste and smell that I've been accustomed to with fresh urchin, but hey, $3 per piece is decent. Finally, the signature rolls, including the lobster and crab meat were meh at best.
Overall, I think that despite the groupon deal, I'd have much better and I strongly recommend avoiding the tataki tuna at all cost unless you have a desire to eat thin ice ships with fish flavoring.
Food: 2 stars
Price: 2 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 2-3 starsTook a late lunch, the place was empty but this sushi was super fresh. Melted in my mouth, I'll definitely be back.Wow, just wow. When I first looked at the reviews for this restaurant I thought how can a restaurant have so many 5 Star Reviews!! I thought the reviews were to good to be true, but I was wrong!! The servers are extremely kind and courteous and extremely helpful, and we got our drinks almost immediately after sitting down! The only downfall was we did have to wait around 20-25 minutes to order, and another 15 minutes to get our food. Which considering that they were pretty busy, is not to long of a wait!! As soon as our food came, my jaw dropped the food was so freaking good, brought me to tears. Best Sushi I have ever had! 10/10 recommend to anyone looking for some amazing sushi, and great service. I tried the fun Japanese soda, and I didn't like the taste, but it was really fun, and pretty!! Highly, highly recommend. Please go, and eat some sushi for me!!  (Also I got the Caterpillar Roll and Pink Lady roll). 
Heads up: It is very nicely air conditioned, very refreshing from the humidity outside, but I do recommend bringing a sweater!!The service at this place was really good. The food was good but I have had better sushi. We had the spicy maki combo (spicy tuna, spicy salmon and spicy California roll) which came with the soup and salad, yakitori for appetizer and crazy roll. The maki combo was better than the special crazy roll. But the lady serving us was really polite. They also give kitkats at the end of your meal.Everything was perfect m. Service was attentive and friendly. Food was very fresh and well prepared. I'll definitely be back and next time I'm bringing friends.I was really disappointed in light of the stellar yelp reviews. I had the poke and apparently the take-home message is to stick to poke from dedicated poke joints -- and we are lucky to have a few in center city. This was not. Iceberg lettuce and not much else. barely any fish. certainly did not seem work the $12. I also had a salmon avocado hand roll and it was fine but definitely less fish and not quite as good high quality as other nearby options. I ordered online and did take-out. I don't know if I would have had better food dining in.Our party of 4 had a wonderful dinner at kotosushi. We started with the pork and vegetable dumplings along with the kani and dirty seaweed salads. All of them we delicious and the presentations were beautiful. One person in our party ordered the steak hibachi. The steak was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. The rest of us ordered sushi rolls and they were delicious.  Our server was very helpful when we were asking questions about menu items.  The staff in general were all so pleasant and accommodating. So glad we got a chance to come here and we will certainly be coming back!This is some of the best sushi I've had in Philadelphia! Very friendly staff and great simple as well as big rolls. They made sure we felt comfortable and even gave us a free sampleHidden gem! I'm visiting from New York and found this place on yelp. It was great! The staff was friendly and helpful and the sushi was as good as I have had! The chef sent me an appetizer. I never eat anything fried but I would have licked the plate- it was the lightest, most delicate and delicious fried fish I have ever had! I highly recommend Koto Sushi. I'm here for three nights and will eat here two of the three. Definitely worth a try for lunch or dinner- and very reasonably priced.Good sushi spot we found through yelp!.. definitely a hidden gem.
Oh....the FREE mini KitKat was a bonus!!They have a great selection of rolls and everything was delicious. The owner came out and personally greeted us and gave us an off the menu tasting of cucumber and salmon salad. They made you feel like a star customer. Plus it is a byob! I highly recommend.Great sushi!!!! Service is A+, we were very satisfied, I highly recommend it.  One of the best sushi I had ever had.An outstanding value for lunch. A selection of their signature sushi rolls for $9.95 (usually $12-15).  Quality is the best I've had in Philadelphia. The owner greeted me personally, and included soup and a salad gratis. Service is attentive.  The restaurant is pleasing to the eye, clean, quiet. All in all, a great experience.BYOB! Fresh/friendly!  In close proximity to many of the tourist attractions but just enough out of the way that you feel part of the local community! The sushi was fresh,service was fast, overall good experience! Best of all....reasonably priced. Hamachi, fried rice, and 1 roll=$24! A stealThis place is a *brand* new sushi/Asian spot on Sansom. I stopped in after a long day and was greeted by the owner, who was so nice and hospitable. He helped guide me through the menu and cooked me up a tasty chicken hibachi meal to go, complete with salad and a really delicious miso soup.
If you have time, please give these locals a chance as they start their new dream-restaurant!Quality sushi place with some excellent lunch and early bird specials. Happy to finally have something like this on Jewelers Row!exceptional! koto has easily become my new favorite sushi spot in the city! highly recommend the las vegas roll but all of the rollls i tried were fresh and delicious! plus you can't beat a BYOB spot!The owners and workers are the best that I have ever encountered at any establishment. They even recommend where to get parking spaces haha.
I love the tea pot that the jasmine green tea was in.
The vegetable maki combo was an option for vegetarians.
The Black dragon was my favorite. The Pink Pussycat (I only ordered it because of the name) had an interesting crunch to it because cashew was one of the ingredients.
Plus, who spoils it's customers with KitKat as complimentary desserts.Decided to try this new place which was great! Food was delicious and nice presentation. The owner and staff were very friendly. The food and service were great. I would def come back.great sushi and very friendly staff !!
The owner is very friendly and kind! They offer great lunch specials which are great for takeout on a lunch break at work ! Their dining area is also beautiful and very clean, a great spot for a byob date night (:Wonderful service and even better sushi! Loved the Spicy Girl Roll, the Godzilla Roll and the Sex on the Beach Roll. Great atmosphere and super friendly staff, especially JJ!! Thanks for the awesome meal and experience!! We will definitely be back soon!We were staying a few blocks  away for work and made the short walk for dinner. It was amazing! Service was good, the owner was very friendly, and the food was very fresh. This could easily be a frequent stop in the future.My wife and I went to Koto Sushi not long ago and had a fantastic experience. The owner JJ and his wife are wonderful hosts and immediately made us feel welcomed and appreciated. The sushi was to die for and was reasonably priced. We had 4 rolls and miso soup and it was under $50! The wait staff was friendly and polite, attending to us many times. The restaurant space is very large and clean. We went on a Monday night, and it was not crowded, but hopefully these continuing 5 star reviews get more people to give it a try. We will certainly be going back in the near future!To start, we have never written a Yelp review before. However, our experience was so incredible at Koto Sushi we just had to start! The manager JJ is so personable and we cannot wait to return. Not only was the sushi fresh and delicious, but the hospitality was one of a kind. We felt so at home and even received a special dish on the house--we truly felt that the staff cared for us and did everything they could to ensure we had the best experience. The pink lady roll melts in your mouth and the sashimi is out of this world. Also, this is a BYOB establishment and we enjoyed our wine along with our meal--our server even poured our wine and gave us an ice bucket. I wouldn't change anything about this place and cannot wait to recommend to our friends in Philly! Please support this kind family and amazing restaurant.Wow. Some of the best sushi I've had. JJ was a great host and portions were generous. Short walk from my hotel - The Franklin. If you're in the area, don't hesitate. An easy five star rating.Ordered takeout via yelp and the process was great. No issues. Food and time to make the sushi was also great. I'll absolutely order takeout again. 
The sushi was very good and seemed fresh. I think this place is new and I hope they make it!Koto sushi was an absolute delight! Hidden in Jewelers Row, this sushi gem was extremely tasty. The service was spot on, as the owners gave us a free appetizer, free Japanese soda and kit Kat bars hidden in our check! The gifts kept coming.
Not the cheapest place in town, but very high quality and fantastic service. You can tell they really care about their customers.
We will be back!I really can't say enough about the staff....they provided us a complimentary roll for something they were trying out in the kitchen, took our picture, just awesome. Sushi knocked it out of the park too (some of the best we've had since being in Tokyo a month ago!!)The sushi was yummy and the staff was very nice. I came with a group and everyone was very happy with the sushi they ordered.Great find from Californua sushi lovers who stumbled into best sushi in Philly.? JJ the owner is super friendly.We ordered sushi to be delivered and the portions were disgraceful. The rolls were so lose I couldn't use chopsticks without them falling apart. Very disappointed!What a great find after the flower show, Owner welcomed us and was incredibly gracious. Staff super efficient and gravious, Interesting and yummy rolls. All good :)Great find!  Believe the reviews 5 STAR delicious. We took a risk to eat here on a Saturday night. Our sushi was wonderful. Tuna melted in your mouth. We had Crazy Roll, Sex on the Beach Roll, Double T's Roll and Naruto Maki Roll. They even had brown rice options. Great service. If you want to make it a long meal you can BYOB too. Highly recommend you try this restaurant. We're already planning on our next visit.The owners and workers are the best that I have ever encountered at any establishment. Great sushi, reasonably priced and the best people! A great find. Reviews are all accurate. Super friendly and hospitable staff.We loved the food and hospitality here! 
Whether you're in the mood for hibachi, sushi, tempura and teriyaki meals, poke' bowls, including a make your own option (with tofu as a protein choice), hand rolls, or maybe something a tad unique. We met the owner JJ and he was a doll. He made sure to come out from the semi open kitchen and introduce himself. There's so many tempting options on the extensive menu we could come often and never have the same thing twice! Vegan friendly.The service at this place was really good. The food was good but I have had better sushi. We had the spicy maki combo (spicy tuna, spicy salmon and spicy California roll) which came with the soup and salad, yakitori for appetizer and crazy roll. The maki combo was better than the special crazy roll. But the lady serving us was really polite. They also give kitkats at the end of your meal.Don't yelp much but this place is amazing! Food is great and service is even better! JJ was the man! Highly recommended!Fantastic service. The owner came out and introduced himself which you never see anywhere anymore. Fresh and delicious will be back!Very nice place and yummy sushi!
yummy hibachi!
So happy to have dinners here! 
Definitely it will be my go to place!Portion size, people! Portion size. I got the lobster bisque miso which was so small and had no lobster bites to speak of--I guess it's in the broth?! I got the poke burrito and it was half the size of a sushi burrito I regularly get. Yes it was tasty but I feel cheated. Won't come back here cause I'm hungrier than their portion sizes satisfy. I'm not on diet, homie :)Finally got a chance to check this place out, very good! Service was excellent and food was delicious. Great addition to Jeweler's Row!I ordered the sweet potato rolls, asparagus rolls, fried rice, and shrimp shumai all for pick-up. When I arrived, the staff was very friendly and the owner even came over and introduced himself! I got home and the food was DELICIOUS! This place is new and on Jewelers Row--definitely going to be my new go-to for sushi/take-out!I am coming again. Very happy. Haha. Whether it is the service and the atmosphere is as good as ever. I  chose the right one. Supporting koto shushi will have different surprises...Little place but with a lot space between tables! You can stay in your privacy!
The food was great! We take 2 different type of roll and sashimi deluxe, then the guy gift us a very nice plate with cucumber and fried fish! 
At  the end also a very good beverage strawberry and aloe! In added to 2 KitKat with the check!
The place is not much expensive!
We must return!!I found Koto Sushi through Groupon. They opened fairly recently and I'm hoping that they'll grow to be a popular restaurant. Their menu was very extensive, ranging from standard Japanese restaurant appetizers to sushi, poke bowls, and cooked Japanese dishes. They also have dessert (mochi, I think it was) and a large variety of drinks, including ramune! The sushi was very good, and I recommend the Angel Roll -- the shrimp tempura was perfect and paired so well with the cucumber, avocado, and spicy crab on top.
The service at Koto stood out to me the most. All the servers were attentive from when I stepped into the restaurant to when I left. One of the servers helped me fill my water bottle too, so I'm grateful for that. The owner, JJ, came to my table at the end of the meal and asked for my name and how the food was. We talked for a bit and he invited me to come back with my friends next time. And at the end, when I left, he used my name -- this really shows his genuine devotion to making sure his customers feel welcome.
I will definitely go back. I wish Koto Sushi the best of luck!I was wondering how this place had 5 stars on Yelp and their amazing service answered my question. The servers here are incredible! 
The cook (who seemed to be the manager as well) is very engaging with his customers. He bought us a dish with fresh white flounder fish with sriracha mayo and cucumber. By the way this was on the house. Never had any other sushi place put their customers satisfaction as such a priority as Koto. 
Compared to my favorite sushi places in Michigan, there wasn't as many special rolls but the sushi options are fresh and the ones we ordered were pretty good. 
I also recommend trying their Japanese Soda -- it goes great with the sushi.We're big sushi fans and think of Shiroi Hana and Tuna Bar as the go tos in Philly. Went here to try something new and had our expectations vastly surpassed.
Stepping in, I wasn't impressed. The fluorescent lighting over the chef's station permeated the whole restaurant giving off a harsh light. The seating seemed too sparse, there was room to fill the space with more tables. The few tables occupied on Friday night didn't seem to bode well.
But sitting and looking at the menu, I was immediately impressed by the pricing. So affordable.  Three pieces of salmon sashimi for $5.50 beats most places in the city. The specialty rolls, ranging $11 to $16 were about right but everything else was cheaper than I would expect.
Throughout the experience, the staff was consistently impressive. They always showed up at the right time. I never felt neglected like I usually do at Tuna Bar.
The food rocked. Our Kani salad, rolls, and sashimi were all on point. The salmon sashimi, while not the best ever, was generously portioned and plenty high quality. For the price, we were floored. 
Overall, this place is an extremely good value. Hole in the wall sushi doesn't get better than this in Philly.I can't say enough good things about Koto Sushi - I'm not sure what's better, the kind and efficient customer service or the quality of the food. We took our toddler who was a little wild last night, and the chef/owner made him a balloon animal, entertainer him, and gave him an orange juice to go as a gift. The food was delicious - we had several appetizers and a ton of sushi (so good). The prices were reasonable. We dine out a lot in Philly, often at new/different places, but we'll be coming back to Koto Sushi again soon. Thank you for the amazing hospitality!!!Great sushi restaurant it is hidden gem located in the jewelry district.  This restaurant is a must eat. I highly recommend checking out this place.Couldn't love this place more than I do. Staff were very attentive and JJ was so sweet to stop by our table to ask us how our evening was. The sushi was so fresh and price was worth it for the quality we received. Presentation was on point too - fun way of plating things that made you eat with your eyes first! Definitely one of the top sushi places we've been to. ( we've been to quiet a few places around Philly trying to taste every place at least once) Plus it's BYOB.My wife and I were out walking jewlers row and stumbled across this place. Food was delicious we both ordered the hibachi. I got the steak she got the salmon, we both loved it. I also ordered the caterpillar roll that was also delicious. Super friendly staff. A guy even came out with something that wasen't on the menu for our table. I can't for the life of me remember what it was called or what was in it but it was also very good. I would deffinatley recommend Koto to a friend!Excellent sushi at a great price! Staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. Large menu with many options and excellent choice of signature rolls.Great lunch specials and fantastic service! I had the Angel roll and was happy to see it didn't come drowned in sauce. It was very big and filling. JJ (really friendly guy) gave me a bowl of cucumber and tempura to try with my food and it was tasty. 
Will be back to try their other rollsThe salmon udon is very good, fish is still juicy and fresh even in the hot soup. The tempora shrimp is the best ever, another item can't be missed!! Service is very good. Highly recommended!Great sushi, reasonably priced and the best people!
I get take out lunches there regularly and it's now my favorite go-to spot for dinner out. Never had anything that wasn't fresh, nicely presented and tasty. The rice in sushi is often the overlooked ingredient, and JJ's rice is the best I've ever had. Not only that, they've restored my faith in uni. I quit even trying to order it years ago, because it was so often not quite perfect. And not quite perfect uni is awful! Ordered it twice now, and it was perfect!
JJ and AP are the best and so is their restaurant... I hope they will be around for many years to come. Right now, though, they need some more warm bodies in there!  I know you don't think of jeweler's row when you think of sushi, but give them a try....you won't be disappointed!
( There's plenty of parking there in the evenings, too)We found this restaurant through Groupon and my interest was piqued by the very high ratings. Unfortunately,  my experience was very different from the many 4-5 star reviews I'd read. Almost immediately after ordering we were brought our pork gyoza. They came so fast I was a bit confused. I ate them b/c I was so hungry, even though they varied from lukewarm to actually cold. Clearly they took them from the fridge and gave them an all too quick sear. The server offered to take them off the bill but we had ordered perfectly for our Groupon amount and were in a rush. We got a bunch of simple rolls which were fine but nothing special. The server was very nice and apologized for the gyoza and gave us a free Voss water on the house. Not awful but I won't be coming back.Great BYOB sushi place! The food was delicious and the service very friendly. We will definitely be back!Koto is a beautiful restaurant with amazing food and service! The restaurant is clean. The servers are kind. The food is fresh, and the chef is super pleasant and welcoming. As a student I want to come here all the time! It's an amazing spot in Philadelphia.What a wonderful place for lunch!  The food was fresh, beautifully presented and delicious. I had the tofu teriyaki Bento Box which was amazing. The tempura that was part of the lunch and was my favorite part. The people running the restaurant were friendly and helpful.  I plan on going back again very soon.Lunch specials are reasonably priced and i enjoyed the sushi. Owner was also very nice and offered me a drink for the road.It was outstanding- great service and awesome food.  Their special rolls are amazing!!!This place is not one of those pretentious, over the top sushi restaurants. It has a pretty solid "american" Japanese menu offerings. Food tastes great and the staff is friendly. If I lived closer, I would get my weekly (more like daily) sushi cravings fixed and we would all live happily ever after. 
If you're looking for an affordable, solid sushi options near Wash sq, this place is it. 
If you're looking for the one of a kind omakase experience, morimoto is right around the corner.Everything was delicious. We came here based on the five star yelp reviews and were not disappointed. The owner JJ came over and introduced himself and also gave us a free appetizer that was delicious and a complimentary Japanese soda. Great byob , super casual. Will be backEasily the best sushi I've ever had. Everything was fresh, tasty, and nicely presented. We got the spicy girl roll, sex on the beach roll, Philly roll. All the employees were extremely friendly and remembered our names. Definitely will be coming back again soon.Service and food were excellent. I highly recommend this place for their great lunch specials and and late night hibachi.Food was great! We got the roll lunch specials. They were very well priced. Staff and management were very nice and welcoming. Would definitely come again and encourage others to stop by.We just moved next door so we were eager to try this place in the hopes we'd have a go-to sushi BYO so close. Thankfully, this place exceeded our expectations. We expected average sushi for when we didn't want to have to walk too far or uber to a better place. Not the case. What a find! Everything we had was top quality, great presentation, fresh, etc. The staff is fantastic. The chef even brought us a sample of a special salad to try, introduced himself, and remembered our names later in the evening. We will be back every week for sure. Grab a bottle of wine or saki and give it a shot!Phenomenal sushi!  Don't usually write reviews but this restaurant warranted it.  Top notch sushi rolls.  Melt in your mouth sashimi.  Great service.  Owner even came by to see how things were.  Would definitely return.Great new sushi place on 7th and Sansom!
Owner JJ is really nice and friendly. The restaurant inside is a little chilly because of AC vents. Booths and tables. Entrance is not handicap/stroller friendly because of a few stairs but inside is spacious.
Starters: miso soup and seaweed salad. Miso was great, typical recipe. Seaweed salad was the frozen kind that comes prepared to the restaurant - but still good. 
Rolls: sweet potato tempura, oshinko, and veg California roll (Maki combo) and special fire roll & salmon avocado roll. Fish was fresh and he rice was very good quality.This place is weak. I was never expecting NOBU quality or experience but for a local good sushi spot this place was disappointing. The service was slow and the waitress barely spoke english which I wouldn't mind except I felt like I had to have a translator to order a roll. Waited over 20 minutes for seaweed salad and a ginger salad to arrive. Both were subpar. The shrimp tempura roll was good. The spicy tuna roll was not good. Used the Groupon discount which made the experience easier to digest given the mediocre food. I would not come here again.A great find. Reviews are all accurate. Super friendly and hospitable staff. Great food.I've been here a number of times since it opened and this review is definitely late, I should've written it after the first visit. This is a great little neighborhood sushi place. I especially love the poke bowl. What a great meal option at such a reasonable price! The staff is so friendly and I believe the owner is the guy who has come out to us every single time we visited. What a welcome addition to jewelers Row, we will definitely be back.Awesome restaurant! I usually only leave a review for bad experiences to warn people because otherwise it's business as usual, but this place was so great that it was time to do a positive one. Attentive, courteous, and prompt service without feeling like there was someone hovering at my shoulder. The staff was really great and friendly. The place was nice and comfortable. The food was delicious and reasonably priced and we didn't have to wait so long for it. We ordered several rolls and sushi, both raw and cooked, and all of it tasted amazing. This will be my go-to place for sushi and I look forward to trying more dishes on future visits.We found this place thru Groupon & I'm so glad we tried it! They're offering this amazing deal on Groupon because they've only been open 5 months! Look for the deal quick! I think it's $16 for $30 off the total bill!! It's BYOB also :)
I totally love it here! They're so friendly:) JJ, the owner greeted us & made sure we were happy & comfortable. He even treated us to a off the menu sample appetizer. They have a great menu, lots of variety in selection. They even had Hawaiian Poke' bowls! Since I'm from Hawai'i I was happy! I'm definitely going to try it when I go back next week!  We ordered way too much food and everything was great. 
We had gyoza, sashimi ahi & salmon (SO fresh) & unagi sushi & Las Vegas roll for appetizers. Hibachi Salmon for main entree's. The entree portions were huge! 
I totally recommend it here you got to check it out:)Soo good, such nice people, very clean, definitely will be returning, defintely recommend to my friends the Gyoza was amazing, the sushi was sooo good. I love it hereThis place is simply amazing. The chef and server are Chinese but they do Japanese better than, well other Japanese owned places. The food is incredibly fresh and cooked to order. I recommend the shrimp shumai, the veggie dumplings, the Caterpillar Roll and Manhattan Roll. But really anything you order will be prepared with fresh ingredients and serious care. It BYOB so you save some bucks. Go before it becomes something else bigger and popular.Excellent food and service. The hibachi was amazing and the music was better. Came with a free KitKat at the end. Plus bring your own wine. Amazing experience would really recommend!This place opened on the same street as my apartment. I've been meaning to give it a try but the opportunity never arose. Last night, my roommates and I were going to UberEats sushi but then we remembered this place. We had a packed lineup of TV (TGIT) so we decided to get take out. We decided to get 2-3 dishes each to really feel the place out. My roommate called in our order and the woman talking on the phone was very patient with our big order. She even repeated everything back at the end to make sure she got everything!
We ordered Shumai (shrimp dumplings), Philadelphia Roll, Alaskan Roll, Tempura, California Roll, Pink Lady Roll, Sweet Heart Roll and the Salmon Avocado Roll. Once we got to the place, we tried to use a $5 off coupon that we had but the server said it was only for Dine In Only. We said that was fine but then she said that she would take $5 off anyway if we promised to come in for Dine In. We laughed and agreed!
Once we got home, we unpacked the two bags we had. Everything was labeled with what rolls they were which was amazing. Everything tasted great. I will 10000% order the Shumai again. 
The menu is so expansive that I can't wait to come back and try more things. We are planning on dining in next week and can't wait! Also, PSA: this place is BYOB.The service here is very friendly and the food arrives quickly. The fish is very good quality and fresh. Not crowded and quiet.Nice place located in jewelers row. Friendly staff with decent food. Owner/manager JJ greeted us real friendly guy, made sure we were comfortable and had everything we wanted.This sushi joint is excellent. Atmosphere, service, food. All deserves an A+. Prices are reasonable and quality is great! If you are looking for sushi in Philadelphia, try Koto!Okay, I see why this place has 5 stars on Yelp. Fancy omakase it is not. But for what it is, an accessible, family friendly, reasonably priced sushi joint, Koto Sushi is just a step above its competitors. 
A lot of that has to do with how warm and earnest JJ and his team are. The whole place feels very cute, cozy, and welcoming. Service was prompt and polite and the air conditioning felt great on such a hot summer day. 
The chirashi I ordered was slightly deconstructed, with the fish around the rice instead of on top, which was a bit surprising. But the variety of fish didn't disappoint and the Japanese rice seasoning on top was a nice, homey touch. Everything just felt right - the wasabi had a good amount of kick, the fish was fresh, the ginger dressing on the salad wasn't overly sweet. These are all things that are easy to get slightly off at other sushi joints, but here they were on point. 
I'll definitely be back to try some of their specialty rolls the next time I'm near Washington Square, and I can see myself bringing friends or my parents here when they visit for a casual meal.First time ordering from Koto. Poke Salad bowls were delicious. Just what we were looking for. May be our new go to spot. Only downside is that the delivery took a decent bit of time.Very friendly service. The sushi is fresh and presented very well. They have a couple unique rolls you should try here. Everything I tried was spot on and fresh. If I could eat more I would've kept on picking something different. With that being said, I'll have to come back again soon.We were just passing by and we needed  something to eat. We had their lunch special and it was great my husband ordered the bento box and he was happy with it.Waited almost 2 hours for a delivery despite being within 5 mins walk. Food pretty good, not exceptional.My goodness. This place is so good. Service was amazing; the staff is super friendly. The food came out in a timely manner and was beyond delicious. We started with a few apps which were a perfect way to start the meal, and so so so good. I tried one of their specialty rolls, the Las Vegas Roll, and it was great. The vibe is super relaxed and overall it was a great experience.Wow !!! I am BLOWN AWAY! This restaraunt was amazing...my expectations were already high since we heard how amazing this place was, but it is safe to say that it exceeded my expectations!
We went for a late Valentines dinner and brought our own bottle of wine, since it is BYOB.
We started with edamame, seaweed salads and shrimp shumai...all of which were out of this world delicious !! Our dinners were coursed our perfectly as we then ordered the rainbow roll, shrimp tempura roll, spider roll and the sex on the beach roll. 
J.J, thank you for your wonderful hospitality..we will definitely be returning !! Everything was amazing :)We found this restaurant thanks to the Walnut Street Theater. Such a hidden gem in the Jewelry District. Just a short walk from Rittenhouse, City Hall, and the Theatre! Delicious and reasonably priced.Very good service and prices. They were very accommodating to my wife's very specific order.  Also open 12 noon on Sunday.  Excellent#I've been here a couple times at this point as I live down the street. Every time I have gone, the owner and staff have been kind, courteous and professional. The sushi was very tasty! The shrimp tempura was perfectly cooked and the Uni tasted fresh. 
The Hibachi meal was one of the best hibachi meals I've had. The flavors were absolutely perfect!
I look forward to seeing Koto become more popular as It is a treat.Had lunch here a week ago with above normal expectations due to the reviews. I ordered the lunch chicken hibachi (I figured I'd try the cooked before the raw). The salad came out and as I expected a ginger dressing, I am fairly certain they just put mustard on it. Ok so maybe I don't like the dressing. I then got my lunch. It looked normal (diced chicken bits, veggies and rice). I ate some of the veggies which were average. Then I ate a small amount of the chicken. It tasted awful and had the texture of chewing gum. Needless to say I didn't eat anymore.  The chef came out to ask if everything was ok and I politely said I just wasn't hungry (code for never again). I was sick for days to follow. 
The service was friendly but with other places surrounding them offering high quality food I'd be surprised to see them for long. It could be one bad experience but I will never go back.The reviews led me here and I am happy to say that this was one of the best sushi experiences I have had in many years.  I have had sushi in MANY places/countries and this ranks up with the best.  I enjoyed salmon sashimi, tuna and yellowtail sushi.  I also enjoyed a house salad and salmon/avocado/brown rice roll.  The chef introduced himself and had my try a dish that is coming out on their menu as a new item.  It was delicious!  This is the FRESHEST sushi for an unbeatable price in an urban setting.  Morimoto will have a hard time beating the quality and most certainly the price.  Thank you!Seriously amazing sushi and sashimi, and such great service! Highly recommend. They do everything they can to make your dining experience as enjoyable as possible.Had sushi twice while I was in Philadelphia for a conference and this place was absolutely fantastic.  The customer service was great and it was a delight to meet one of the sushi chefs as well.  Wish I had taken a picture but definitely somewhere I would go back to if I were in the area.  Being from DC with sushi places on every other corner, I can be picky.  But the yellowtail sashimi was so fresh and everything tasted wonderful.Solid sushi restaurant with comparable prices to other sushi places.  
Ordered 3 roll combo (yellowtail, eel & avacodo, spicy crabmeat) for ~$10.  Nothing too flashy.  Was able to order online and pay when I got there.  This is a good alternative to Fat Salmon, less than a block away, if you don't want to wait too long for your order.  FS tends to be a little busier during the lunch rush.my order was botched severely. the driver left the wrong bag of food and proceeded to not answer his phone that he had just called me on. i had to call the restaurant for them to call him, only to send my (rather large) order with another driver like an hour later. food was fine. the disorganization is irritating. you have one job. deliver. they offered nothing for my inconvenience. so if want sushi, find another spot. it wasn't worth the waiting around.The chef was super nice! He came over and learned our names... the sushi was REALLY tasty and the fried dumplings are a must have.This was some of the best sushi I've ever had.  3 of us went out for lunch.  Each of us ordered a dirty seaweed salad and we shared an order of vegetable dumplings. The dirty seaweed salad is an absolute must try! it's a cool twist on an otherwise relatively bland dish. I ordered the tempora Maki combo and they both ordered the spicy Maki combo.  We shared a couple. Every single piece of Sushi was fresh, absolutely delicious. you could tell they were made with love and care. The sushi chef came out and introduced himself to make sure we were enjoying his creations. The entire experience was phenomenal. Great customer service goes such a long way and when it's paired with good food you can't go wrong. Enjoy!We needed to find a new spot for sushi after our old favorite closed recently. I thought this place sounded good so we got wine nearby and checked it out. Both of us were in awe of how great it was. The food, service all of it. The nicest thing was at the end when the owner came over and introduced himself, asked where we were from and thanked us numerous times for visiting. I will absolutely make this spot a regular visit.My girlfriend and I wanted to try a new place for sushi. Upon arrival at koto we realized that the restaurant is mainly designed around take out. With that being said our service was still great and the atmosphere was decent. The reason this got two stars is because when we woke up the following morning we both are sick. Terrible headaches and can not even eat a thing. Completely blame it on their sushi and will never go there again.Great sushi, excellent service, and BYO. What more can you want? We went for dinner on a fairly dead night (wasn't very busy) but still had a great time. Seaweed salad, sashimi, and rolls were so good. The chef sent out a complimentary dish that was great. We will definitely return.I have been here a few times, and it's always nice that JJ and the wait staff remembers me. He always comes out from behind the counter to greet me.
Reasonably priced sushi menu and the friendly staff keeps me coming back for more. I usually stick to the sushi  dishes. Although I do enjoy eating hibachi from time to time, that is something I would not go back for. Sad to say, it did not meet my expectation. I tried both their salmon and chicken hibachi, and I found the taste of the meat to be average at best. A little dry to my liking. 
Every sushi, sashimi and maki rolls I have tried is always fresh.
This is my to go to place when I have a craving for basic sushi.Fantastic food and reasonably priced. I went there on Valentine's Day. The waitstaff was overburdened to say the least, so wait times were significant. However, the staff worked their BUTTS off. On any other day it would've been a perfect experience.I've ordered lunch from them a few times already thru Yelp. They are always on point each time with everything. Fresh sushi. Friendly service. Reasonably priced. Looks very nice and spacious inside. I've been to a few other local joints but after the 2nd or 3rd time, they start to go downhill. But not Koto. They've been consistent each and every time. This is my go to place for lunch when I'm at work.I ordered on grub hub. Yes, I know there are extra fees. I received a snow cone tuna roll as a hand roll. I could be wrong...but I didn't think a hand roll looked like some seaweed and an I don't give an f.I'll save the long explanation - it's 5 stars for a reason.  We order delivery from here often because of the amazing quality, but also venture out to dine in because the service is just as good and the staff is so welcoming and friendly - JJ (Koto sushi chef) personally introduced himself with a warm smile and thanked us for coming in - Simply exceeding expectations in all categories of a nice night out. If you haven't gave Koto a try, make this place your next visit.We took advantage of a Groupon to visit and were not disappointed. Their sushi rolls were the freshest tasting ones we've had, ever. Parking in that area, especially on Sansom st is very tight. I had to park near the liberty bell on a very cold night. It was not super busy at the tables and we had to wait 45 minutes for our food but it was worth it. They do so much takeout, it must have overwhelmed the kitchen. We loved the place and the servers and will be back for sure.Food wasn't delivered, still charged and ignorant customer service. Order delivery from Yelp at your own peril; what a joke.exceptional! koto has easily become my new favorite sushi spot in the city! highly recommend the las vegas roll but all of the rollls i tried were fresh and delicious! plus you can't beat a BYOB spot!Fresh clean close to independence hall.  Fresh tasty food.  Friendly people.  Lobster miso was yummy.Favorite Sushi Place!!
Pros: AMAZING, FRESH FOOD, reasonable $$, friendly staff!
Cons: can't think of any.
I have eaten from Koto sushi probably five or six times now.  I say "from" because I have never dined in always picked up. Every order has been right' the food hot and fresh and when I pick up my order, the staff is always super friendly and I'm even impressed that they remember my name. One day I even passed one of the gentlemen who was always so pleasant to me when I pick up my order and remembers my name on the street, he took the time to stop shake my hand and even asked how I was doing. That, to me, shows that their customer service extends beyond their front door. There edamame is delicious so is there sushi and sashimi as well as their hibachi entrees. I have never been disappointed with any order that I received from Koto Sushi. I highly recommend.The sushi is fantastic and reasonably pricesd. Its byob and the vibe is fairly decent I highly recommend itExcellent service, food was awesome. Miso soup was delicious. Did not need to wait to be seated.
True gem in Philadelphia.Great sushi at a decent price. My three kids all give it a thumbs up. We really liked the Springtime roll and the Fire roll.The food was good and fresh.  The service was slow.  The one waitress took forever to take order   If the place gets busy not enough staff to handleAmazing sushi! So fresh. Service was fantastic - met the sushi chef - awesome!  Can't wait to come back.This place was a pleasure! JJ (who I'm assuming is the owner) was so great to us.  Not to mention the sushi was delicious .  I would absolutely check out this sushi place if you're looking for great food and great service!We stopped in for lunch while shopping on Jeweler's Row and it was great!  We had very good service and good food.  I have never ordered Tekka Don in the US but took a chance and it was very good, the tuna was very fresh and the rice was perfect. It was served on a plate so not technically a 'don' which means bowl in Japanese but it was perfectly delicious.  The soup and salad were excellent as was the agedashi tofu and the sunomono.  My dining partner's Chirashi Sushi was also very fresh and delicious.  A great place for great service and great food.We stumbled upon this restaurant right on the block of jeweler's row. The sushi was ok, not good not bad, they have lunch specials which we ordered from. We did order the duck roll apps and they was not bad. Masked taro and shredded duck. Owner was very nice!Hadn't even heard of before it popped up on my yelp. Looked good and nice variety on menu. Came early and was just super on point especially for take out sushi. For sure doing another take out order with them soon.JJ, the owner, is the most passionate sushi restaurant owner in the city.  For good reason Koto serves the best sushi in Philadelphia.  From the creativeness in delivery (one of the rolls came out heart-shaped) to most importantly the taste which is aligned to JJ's roots serving Manhattan style sushi.  This place is a home run.  Yes led by a NYC sushi chef supported by a team of comparable sushi staff this place is just plain awesome!  Do NOT miss out.Place is so good!  Atmosphere so clean and fun. And spacious. Awesome staff. Great prices too (compared to many of the sushi places in philly). Big sushi / food selection. Had a blast. Highly underrated and undiscovered new sushi place. Highly recommend.I order from here pretty regularly since its a few blocks away from home. The sushi is consistent and the prices aren't bad. You can order off of one of the apps but it's cheaper (for you and the restaurant) if you call and place an order from them directly!Honestly, this sushi is mediocre. 
I ordered a take out order and it was ready within 10 minutes. The staff was very kind and efficient. I ordered a sweet potato tempura roll and a vegetable roll (avocado, asparagus and cucumber.) 
For the whole order it was $10.26. Pretty cheap for two rolls! But sadly it was just 6 rolls each variety. I expecting possibly 8. The sweet potato was mostly tempura and hardly any sweet potato. I was hoping for more of that soft "potato-y" texture. The avocado asparagus cucumber was ok. Again, didn't really blow me away with flavor. The wasabi was very tame and I really had to pile it on to get some spice. 
I was tempted to try the pumpkin tempura or the shiitake mushroom tempura rolls but I'm scared that it'll be mostly fried batter instead of the vegetable. Probably won't be back.I love the sushi here! Jay, the manager, and Libby are so kind and have great sushi. I really like their sweet potato and avocado rolls. 
When I originally wrote a review for here, I wasn't impressed because the rolls were only cut into 6 pieces and the sweet potato didn't have much potato in it. Jay and Libby invited me to try the sweet potato roll again for free and even cut it into 8 pieces for me! It was excellent the second time. It had much more potato to it and I savored each piece. They even gave me a salad with my take out order! I loved the avocado roll because of how creamy it was. 
They have excellent prices and great customer service. I will definitely be back for more sushi!Sushi burrito was AMAZING!!! And my spicy tuna roll and sushi tasting was great. Great staff, clean place, nice dining room, and all around amazing place. When I'm in Philly def recommend going here if you want good sushi!Really good sushi! Tastes fantastic! I had the shrimp and eel roll and I love the combination of sauce, rice and the really crispy shrimp. The sushi and soup also looks beautiful. Enjoyed my lunch! 
I strongly recommend it!I thought the place was pretty good. I've had some pretty magical sushi experiences and this wasn't that. But still decent. I ordered Pepper Tuna Tataki and an Eel Roll Cucumber.
The Pepper Tuna Tataki was pretty much a green salad with ginger dressing... And then throw some raw peppered tuna on top. It was pretty flavorful. Another reviewer said to avoid the dish and that their tuna was frozen... This was NOT my experience at all. It was cool and fresh. 
The Eel Sushi was also decent as expected. Again, I wouldn't say anything was knock-your-socks-off-good by any means but it was good.
The service staff were all very friendly and pleasant. I'm just now getting into this whole Yelp reviewer thing, so I felt like "that guy" when I was snapping a photo of my food. (I've become what I used to side eye and laugh at.)  Anyway... The guy saw me and asked if I wanted him to take a photo. That was nice... (But I said no because I'm not on that level yet and I don't think y'all really wanna see me? DM me and we can talk about it...)
I'd say, if you're in the area, and feeling like sushi, good ahead and stop by. I'd probably look elsewhere for that magical experience, though.First time here, and it's amazing ! The service was very nice and accommodating. The menu has a very big wide selection of food for any age! Definitely my new spot in townI've hit the superfecta with this spot. Delicious. AMAZING value. Fast (I order online and its ready by the time I get there). Great customer service. I highly, highly recommend this place. It's quickly become my lunchtime go-to spot. Been there three times this week!We are so happy to have this great, neighborhood sushi place near us!  The food is always fresh and delicious and the staff are extremely friendly and welcoming.  JJ the owner is always there and remembers repeat customers.  All of the special rolls we order are imaginative and delicious and we look forward to coming back to Koto time and time again for good sushi and service without it being crazy expensive.The staff was very friendly and the sushi is excellent! The specialty rolls are very generous in size and the display is beautiful. We were craving sushi on a Sunday afternoon and this was the only place we could find opening before 5pm. We will definitely try it again.Yep!! Tried this place based on yelp recommendation and there was not regrets!!!  KitKat sealed the deal!  JJ came by the table and met my party. He chatted for awhile. 
So I had the fried calamari and gyoza then lunch bento with curry chicken and the sushi sashimi condo plate. All of which was excellent!!! 
Ambiance for lunch is ok- 4/5
Scenery- downtown street -4/5
Food 5/5
Customer service 6/5
Overall 4.75/5Absolutely love it here! My roommate and I go all the time. The food is so fresh and the owners are so friendlyJJ was an amazing host! Friendly and attentive!! The food was delicious and we cant wait to come back again.The food here was DELICIOUS! I'm in town for a conference and like to try places not too close to hotel or Conv Ctr and this was a nice find.. I ordered the shumai as an appetizer & sauted shrimp as my entree that came with miso soup, salad with ginger dressing.. shumai was amazing! That could have been my entree & I would have been happy. But I ate on. Miso soup just as great.. the ginger dressing hella good! It was so good I put it over my rice. Shrimp sauted was great but the shrimp were a bit over cooked. But this did not take away from the meal. I plan on going back soon.The service was incredible. Very friendly and they even gave us a free snack. The sushi was very reasonably priced and tasted great. I would recommend the Alaskan roll. At the end instead of mints they gave us kit kats which was a very nice touch.The best sushi restaurant in the city. Not only is the sushi immaculate, but the owner, Jay Jay, as well as other staff members, are true gems. Customer service is paramount for them. I celebrated my 30th birthday with aprox. 20 people, and they certainly didn't disappoint. Catering to a vast variety of palates, Jay Jay and his team left each and every person coming back for more.We will be back! JJ' service and the food were both amazing! We had two diners with food allergies and we all agreed we had one of our best restaurant experiences ever. JJ knew what to avoid and made all of us feel safe. Substitutions were not a problem. We tried the hot appetizers, sushi, fried rice and hibachi. All were spectacular!A friend and I had a wonderful lunchtime experience at Koto Sushi. The staff was friendly and the food was fantastic and served quickly. A groupon deal made it all the sweeter! I will be returning soon and often.Great sushi, and great service! Awesome byob. They have gluten free soy sauce. Salmon, tuna, koto roll are really goodThe food was good and fresh.  The service was slow.  The one waitress took forever to take order   If the place gets busy not enough staff to handleI'll echo what other reviewers have said--Koto is a hidden gem in Philadelphia... great food and service, BYOB, and reasonably priced.
I made an 8:15 pm New Year's Eve reservation here through OpenTable for myself, my boyfriend, and a friend. When we arrived, the restaurant had only three other tables filled, and was clean, quiet, and comfortable. We ordered three rolls to split ($6 each): Philadelphia roll, spicy tuna, and yellowtail scallion. The Philadelphia and spicy tuna rolls were excellent... the yellowtail lacked flavor but that happens every once in a while and wouldn't stop me from ordering it again. We then ordered Hibachi dinners (two chicken -- $17 each, one steak -- $19). I was excited because this is one of the only Hibachi restaurants I've been to that carries gluten free soy sauce! The meat, veggies, and two complimentary shrimp were really good. My only complaint is that the Hibachi dinner default comes with steamed white rice, and they charge an additional $3 to upgrade to the classic Hibachi fried rice... annoying, but worth it.
Our waitress was sweet and attentive, and the chef came out at the end of the meal to check on us and offer a Japanese soda on the house. Truly stellar service.I've been coming here for months and it's my go-to spot before I head to my destination. The owner is very friendly and personable. He's always accommodating and makes you feel welcomed. The sushi is great and I can't complain. The place is spacious which is great for dates so you don't have to shout to hear each other since some restaurants tend to be loud and noisy. They accept credit cards (always a plus) and make your dining experience seamless. Highly recommend this place! I order the salmon avocado and salmon roll. Both are solid choices; you can't go wrong.I never write a review but I must this time. 
GREAT, DELICIOUS & HOSPITALITY. 
The owner JJ and staff were warm and welcome. 
To our surprise, JJ treated us with Shumai to welcome , then fried ice cream for my sister's birthday. I could not ask for more.  
Everything I order came with great presentation and delicious. 
Sushi were so fresh, soup were tasty.  My daughter is very picky eater but she loved the tempura and eat 6 shrimps. The Bento Box were awesome. The experience was more than perfect. Thank you JJ!Very good service, delicious food! Will be back with more people. Pleasant atmosphere, lighting, and music.Favorite sushi place in philly! It's really fast for dining in, picking up, or delivery. I've never had a roll I didn't like and it's not overpriced at all. The staff is is incredibly friendly and they care a lot about your experience!Easy to see why this place has 5 stars.  Good food, good price and the staff is very friendly.  And it is BYOB which is always a plus in my book.  Originally came here cause I had a Groupon and now I've been back several times.  The atmosphere is casual but the interior design is nice and always clean.  Never had a bad experience at Koto.Walked in, nice and clean restaurant, was greeted, in and out in a matter of 15 minutes. The shrimp tempura and Philadelphia Roll were amazing!!! May be back for dinner tomorrow nightI got the Spicy Girl roll, which was absolutely delicious. Rather comparable to Bubblefish's Tuna Princess roll in flavor, but the waiting time here isn't nearly as long. Slightly sweet, delectably savory thanks to the spicy mayo.
My father and I got the jasmine tea and unfortunately, it's tea bag tea (Stash brand, still had the tag on) served in a tea pot. Loose tea is typically more flavorful, but I'd still take this over my experience with Bubblefish.Love this place!!! Near my place and fast service. Sushi are fresh and hits the spot! Libby, working in the counter, is so nice and the best!This place is my go-to spot for sushi for lunch when I'm at work. They have a great roll lunch special and are always quick. One suggestion I have is for you to call them to order pickup. The prices are a few dollars cheaper if you either order through their own website or cal them. Grubhub prices are higher than normal.Came here for the 2nd time tonight and Koto did not disappoint. Sushi choices are plentiful and they have soy paper. Also byob which is a big plus. They are very well priced and the service is great. For soup, dumplings, a special roll and a poke bowl total was under 40 dollars. Both times the chef/owner (?) came out to say hello and brought us a special appetizer. He remembered us and that it was our 2nd time even though the first time was about 2 months ago. We will definitely continue to make the trip into the city to come here!Jj the chef is super mice, always introduceses himself and makes complementary tasting. They have most of the usual rolls not too many  combination rolls. They offer Poke never tried it, my boyfriend enjoys their General tsos chicken. My usual is miso soup, gyoza and a spider roll (tempura soft shell crab) . Definitely recommend this for a good sushi spot. They lokk like they have  very good  lunch specials as well!I loved this place!! What a gem.
The food was delicious--I got the miso soup (really fresh and had a lot of seaweed and tofu pieces in it; very good flavor) and Caterpillar roll (also very fresh and flavorful).
My boyfriend got the chicken teriyaki. He loved it. I don't usually like teriyaki and I actually really liked Koto's version. The chicken was cut small and was well-cooked. The sauce was delicious.
We split gyoza. So good! Well each have to get our own orders next time:)
The food was delicious, but the most notable part of this restaurant was the service. The servers were very attentive and very friendly. We felt really welcome there. The chef even brought out an amuse-Bouche , which was a nice surprise! They really went above and beyond.
Definitely definitely recommend. Will be going back soon.What a great find in the city!! 
Excellent quality sushi & very tasty miss soup. The lunch special is such a steal!!Took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner, and everything was delicious!!! It was our first time here and just like that it is now our go to sushi spot! I had the steak hibachi with fried rice and it comes with miso soup and that amazing sesame ginger dressing. It was all a generous serving and I had enough leftover for lunch the next day. My boyfriend got the Philly Roll, Salmon Avocado Roll, and the Volcano Roll. No complaints whatsoever! After our dinner, the sushi chef introduced himself and even gave us a closing dish on the house. A fantastic first time experience and certainly will not be the last! :)Great Sushi, fresh, tasty, hit the spot! 10stars for service. Jay Jay, I believe his name is the owner of Koto went above and beyond for me and my guest. Will definitely be back again & again! Don't usually write reviews but felt compelled to leave one for this experience due to the service received. Thanks again Koto & Jay!Excellent sushi. Friendly service. Highly recommended   We got the Sushi Sashimi combination for two.Best Sushi in Philly! Located in the Jewelry district not too far from the Liberty Bell. Love this place! I will be back again before I head home.I came in for lunch. There were only a few other diners their so no wait. Water was served right away. Ordered the 2 roll lunch special at 7.95$. Very fresh and perfectly cooked sushi rice. Only wish it was in my neighborhood. Don't miss it if you like Sushi and your around Jewelers rowI got take out from here.  I do not like when sushi places chop up the salmon or tuna into mush and thats how the one roll I got was.  Needless to say I threw it away. Not my thing and the texture grosses me out.  I ordered two rolls. The eel was just ok.  The tempura shrimp was good.  I thought the rolls were kind of plain.  I like the speciality rolls and there aren't many on their menu that were appealing to me to order. I doubt I'd give this place another try.Saturday lunch, no need for reservations. Food was delicious and service was A+ price very reasonable.It's not just the amazing Sushi and Hibachi that really make a difference here, it's also the very attentive and friendly service. They accommodate for allergies and also master custom orders. Love it!Today was my first time ordering lunch from Koto.  I have had dinner here with a friend and the sushi was great, the atmosphere clean and welcoming and the staff super friendly.  For lunch I got a poke bowl and it was sooooo good.  Everything was fresh and delicious!  I will definitely be making this my lunch sushi place.We ordered dumplings and 4 sushi rolls on a Friday night and when I thought delivery might take 30-40 mins, it took only about 25. The sushi was absolutely INCREDIBLE as well as the dumplings. Definitely straight from kitchen to doorstep, like for real. Everything was really fresh too! We can't wait to dine-in at this place. Definitely a must go-to spot!Came on an off night I guess. 
I ordered the Sushi & Sashimi Deluxe combo. It's a nice generous portion of sushi and sashimi. The accompanying salad greens were crisp and the dressing had well-balanced carrot/ginger flavors. 
I found the quality of the sushi to be fairly poor. While the salmon tasted fatty and smooth, I found most of the fish on the plate to have a thawed-out texture: slightly grainy with uneven distribution of fish juices within each cut of fish. 
The pieces were fairly unoriginal and nothing stood out to me as being memorable. 
The service was, however, kind and generous.As a work group, we visit Koto Sushi at least once a week for their lunch special. The location is fantastic in Center City. The staff is generous and friendly. Tables are always clean and the atmosphere is welcoming. 
I'm a frequent orderer of shrimp tempura and eel avocado. All items come out fresh and nicely presented. Would highly recommend checking them out!Decent sushi but it takes forever. Went here for lunch on a Wednesday and waited way too long for just two sushi rolls. Poor service.Good and quality fish. We got poke bowls and shared a salmon sushi entree (which comes with 5 pcs salmon nigiri, a salmon roll, miso soup, and garden salad for $17). The poke bowls tend toward the smaller side, so splitting an extra salmon sushi entree between two people was the right move. The salmon tasted very fresh and delicious. The poke bowls were all right; can't beat a dedicated poke restaurant, but good enough for what it is. They have some good lunch special deals, and I would definitely recommend coming here to get your money's worth of sushi (if you know which deals to look at).Ended up here after a bad experience at a spot around the corner. Walked in and greeted right away. Although we came in 25 minutes before closing, they were more than happy to seat us. Ordered gyoza and sushi. Everything we ordered was delicious! The Mansfield roll was probably my favorite, it was really fresh and has cucumber which adds a nice crunch. One of the chefs came to check how our food turned out (not sure if he was the owner) but he was so friendly! He even brought us out an extra appetizer to try. The atmosphere isn't as upscale as places nearby. However, I will take the great food and amazing customer service over nice atmosphere and subpar service/food. We will definitely be coming back !Good pricing! And awesome service. Came here with a group of friends for a birthday. They gave us free samples of fish at the end and food presentation was pretty too.My son asked me to write a review and say the best sushi he's had in the US. Great atmosphere. Poke bowl (you pick ingredients)- fresh and outstanding! Cost was very reasonable. Would love to go again with in town.Really great food and service! The head chef and manager are very involved and engaging. The hibachi for 2 dinner is a great deal also it's a BYOB.Great place to go when you want really good sushi for a good price. Extravagant options are fewer than some of the "high end" pricier places in the city, but you'll get more quality food for your money at Koto. Great groupon deal also for koto. The staff were nice and polite. The Sushi chef came out and introduced himself to us. Granted, we're went on a Sunday night, after 8pm, so the place wasn't busy at all.Phenomenal. Sushi was great, super fresh and tasty. Chef made it a point to come over and introduce himself and gave us a complimentary cucumber, fish & tempura salad. He was super nice and so happy to hear we loved it. I would come back here 100 more times when in Philly. Great service! Really unassuming and set in the middle of a block surrounded by jewelry stores.I loovvveeee this place it BYOB!!!!! And no matter the time of day it is alway kid friendly!!!! Very clean and fresh seafood every time I've been! I lovvceeeeeee! This place! Very good miso soup!  I come here at lease 3 times a month!Great sushi! Love the lunch special and also a great byo dinner option always so much fun to come with friends and family, something for everyone! My friend doesn't eat raw fish and still loved the hibachi dinnerThe Caterpillar Roll and regular sushi dinner were absolutely delicious!  Highly recommend!Really good sushi. Have ordered grubhub  delivery from here a few times because it's been good-- fresh-tasking, quick, pretty.Easy 5 stars. Came in, ordered 4 rolls. Received them promptly. Was checked up on, had my water refilled without asking
My server packaged my leftovers nicely together in a box with some soy sauce, napkins, chopsticks, candy, etc. 
Very good service, good food. All around excellent. Go here for sushiWait: None. We walked right in and sat window-side. It was about 6pm on a Thursday. 
Server: Sooooo sweet. There was a bit of a language barrier which actually kept us all laughing. He was so funny. It was 80 degrees outside and I asked for a hot Green Tea. His face was priceless as he asked, "Are you sure?! It's very Hot". I immediately started cracking up and agreed with him. No hot tea. Haha 
Food Quality& Order: He ordered Hibachi Steak& Chicken. I ordered a Spicy Tuna Roll and... a Philly roll (I had to, judge me). It was all so delicious. Came out in enough time to be prompt but slow enough to know that they care for how they make their food. P.s. They are BYOB!
The Chef came out and brought us something "special" to try. Jalapeo Yellowtail w/Ponzu. He saw us taking lots of photos and a few videos and wanted to introduce himself. 
Atmosphere& Decor: It is your typical Sushi restaurant decor. I love the lack of lighting, it's romantic and calming.Koto has a diverse menu that offers some interesting 
rolls, in addition to all the standards.  We got a variety of sushi, tuna rolls, tempura rolls and a California roll. The food was well made and fresh, and the staff was attentive  and friendly.  The chef brought us a bonus dish of whitefish in a spicy sauce that was delicious. This place is a little off the beaten track, in the jewelry district, and worth a visit if you in downtown Philadelphia.Came here after we visited the liberty bell. We were just hungry, but what a great find!! Service was awesome, Jay Jay really made us feel welcome and accommodated some requests - like garlic edamame (which was bomb). The sushi rolls we ordered were super yummy and the Japanese soda selection they have was fun to choose from. Would return!This place is great. Good sushi and very reasonably priced. They were really friendly. Would recommendSurprisingly delicious!  Went late night, only ones there and was a bit worried it was a bad idea to stay. The sushi was fresh, flavorful,  more fish and less rice.  Will definitely return!Can I just say this place is amazing!!?!??!! My friend has been telling me about this place for so long and I finally decided to go. It's right in the middle of the diamond district which is such a random location lol but it's convenient if you're in the city, a real hidden gem (no pun intended!!) The sushi here is sooooo good and the rolls are big and filling and decently priced!!! The staff is also so friendly, and we didn't have to wait long for the food to come out! Definitely one of the best sushi spots in the city!We went in to order for pickup and we ended up waiting about 35 minutes for 2 poke bowls and a sashimi/sushi platter. We were upset but we figured it would be worth the wait. 
It wasn't.
We received our poke bowls with the smallest amount of tofu and fish I have ever seen. There was barely any toppings and the whole bowl was about 4/5 rice. I could barely taste the honey wasabi sauce and there wasn't much flavor to anything else. I am very disappointed that I just spent $11 on a poorly made bowl and even tipped. 
I will not be going there again.Excellent evening! Delicious food, the sushi boat was the way to go..Crunchy roll and crazy roll were delicious!