Sunday morning in Philly equals finding a good place for brunch, so we recently went to Kraftwork with friends. 
The staff were very friendly and quick with water and menus.
My girlfriend had an egg omelot with a side of sausage and I had the egg breakfast with side of hash and house made scrapple as well as a homemade biscuit.
The scrambled eggs were quite good. The house made scrapple was something very different and tasty. Although, I still couldn't get my girlfriend to try it, it was quite better the usual scrapple on offer in diners. The side of hash was good, but deep fried. I may be old fashioned, but I prefer the potatoes fried on a griddle with onions. Finally, the biscuit was light, fluffy, and very delicious with the jam the restaurant had.
My girlfriend seemed to enjoy her meal. Although at first the side of sausage was undercooked and had to be returned. 
In the end, it was an interesting experience and I would like to go again in order to try their breakfast burrito.I wanted so bad to love this place. The idea of it seemed so great. But Kraftwork is the definition of hipster, seems really cool at first, then you realize it's trying soooo hard to try not to try so hard. The decor seems so cool, but then it becomes stark and uncomfortable, like sitting in the middle of an unfinished cafeteria. The menu is so unique, but the food is just not very good. Thought this would be a cool neighborhood spot...but cool neighborhood spots just are, without trying so hard to be.Love this place!! The menu is so plentiful and awesome, just what I needed after a night out. We went for lunch and I got the burger (added caramelized onions, provalone, and bacon) it was delish! A very hearty burger, it was more like a giant meatball and a little messy to eat, ok a lot messy to eat, but well worth it.  The fries were overcooked but I was so full after the burger I was thankful to not eat all of them. My fiance got the breakfast Cubano which was also very tasty! The pork belly was nicely cooked, topped with egg, I really liked it, I always welcome unique menu items.
We also had plentiful bloody Mary's and their custom mix was a little different tasting but I welcome that in a bloody, rather than the same old. 
Overall definitely a place to check out; nice cozy interior, friendly people, worth a stop.Kraftwork comes from the same folks as Sidecar in G-Ho, which means excellent brunch, above-average gastropub fare, and one of the best curated tap lists in the city.
Adam, the friendly owner, will best help you select a brew of your liking, but the rest of the staff are knowledgeable as well. I dig Kraftwork's more open, industrial, communal aesthetic with long tables, a big center bar, and metal accents everywhere. Brunch is on point (and with a sub five minute wait during peak Saturday hours); the fluffy, buttery biscuits and not-excessively-rich gravy hits the spot with a perfect portion and deft seasoning. The tofu scramble misses the mark with watery cubes of tofu but redeems itself with very tasty veggies and crispy potatoes.
Dinner doesn't fare quite as well. My Kraftwork burger was cooked past my desired medium rare, though still had a decent amount of juice and a tasty, dry-aged beef funk. Long hots, though scantly portioned, are a delicious sweet and spicy topping. Fries are crispy, garlicky, and addictive with a dijon dipping sauce. The falafel's house made wrap and condiments taste great, but the dry, mealy fritters kill an otherwise enjoyable sandwich.
For now, I think of Kraftwork as a brunch destination rather than a dinner option, but regardless its blend of great service, atmosphere, and kick-ass beers have won me over.I came here on Thursday 19th May 2016. It was a nice day and my friend was over visiting from Russia. After a walk around the neighborhood.  
We settled on Kraftwork because we were close and they had tables outside, LLoyds didn't. 
I  had a burger with fried egg on top and my friend had the beer can chicken sandwich. Everything came out in a timely manner. My friend said his  beer can chick sandwich was good as was the salad. I had the blandest burger on earth, Fries were super seasoned and warm. 
We were finished( well my friend was i didn't eat mine) when the server came over at which point we had to be moving on so I never got the opportunity to get something else. 
So I did tell Jenna the server and she apologized Etc we did get half off one dinner because of an included coupon to all guests,although I was not there to save a few bucks. 
Still I thought the duty manager could have came over to see what was going on and how to prevent it happening in the future Etc 
I am a local and have eaten drank here several times before, mostly average to good quality. 
There is plenty to choose from in Fishtown and if if you can't get a burger right then people will go elsewhere (sketch make a great burger, up street from Kraftwork)
I can't say I'll be rushing back,especially when I have friends in from out of town, there's just too much good stuff to choose from without having to settle for an average unseasoned burger. 
I should have took a pic of the the freshly delivered burger egg and fries, it did look pretty good ....Went here last night for a few beers with a friend. 
First off, the staff is extremely friendly. They knew a lot about the beers and answered a few questions I had on some. The bartender (Mike?) was quick to offer me a sample of a couple of beers I was interested in trying. 
Their tap list is amazing and constantly changing. Prices for the area are pretty damn good. 
I'll be back for sure.Wow!  Can't belive I had such a bad experience here. My expensive 16oz craft beer was  maybe 12 ounces of liquid with a massive head that was mostly deflated by the time the beer was served. My Bahn mi sandwich came with a big piece of fat in it. By that I mean it was a piece of fat in a long roll. Disgusting. The waitress gave me the "I am more important than you" answer when I asked her about it. My girl's fries were soggy and overcooked but her overpriced hamburger was fine. This is not the first time I have eaten here, but after a year we thought we would give it another try.  What a mistake!  Trust me when I say I we will never go back!  Go to any other place that's just within walking distance and you will be happier.I fall more in love with this place every time I stop in!
Whether it is a quiet weekday lunch, dinner with friends or a late night stop-in with my boyfriend, the food/drinks/service are always on par.
My boyfriend and I tend to get the beer sampler every time we go since they are constantly rotating beers here. I have had their other drinks too and they are delicious as well.
The food here hits all of the marks and the menu really caters to every palate. I've enjoyed the portabella melt as well as the pork tacos. The salads are creative and different which is a nice change from most bar offerings. The deviled eggs and the pretzels are out of this world.
What really sets this place up for success is the service. Everyone is friendly and accommodating and works hard to make sure you are satisfied. Recently I stopped in on a Saturday and sat at the bar, and the bartender (Jon) was super sweet and friendly. He made great beer recommendations and was there to help us when needed him. 
This is my new go-to spot in Fishtown area, and I am pretty sure it will stay that way for awhile :)Good gastropub. Went here for brunch got biscuits and gravy with eggs. All tasted top notch. I also had a hot toddy. They garnished it with cloves stuck into a lemon wedge, really original. I've gotta try that myself. I went on a Saturday around 1pm and it was packed but there was no wait to get a table regardless. Good spot, cool atmosphere. Definitely worth hitting up next time you're in fishtown.Awesome food and beer! Great place for brunch as well! Love this place and would go back again and again!Awsome food staff are all well knowledgeable sometimes it's very loud wish the food menu would change up a bit or make it bigger. the beet salad is my favoriteDecided to swing by here to kill some time before a comedy show at Punchline. We just wanted some bar food before heading out, so we came in to see what they were all about. Walked in and it was what you'd expect from a slightly hipster bar in the slightly hipster area of Fishtown. Dark, but clean and roomy, we were greeted and sat at the bar. The bartender was cool and quick and took our orders right away. I went with the burger, and we got the foie gras cheesesteak springrolls to share and I totally forgot what the misses settled on (sorry!). For the things I DID eat however, everything was tasty. The burger was cooked perfectly, and the fries were cooked the same way. The springrolls were good too, but they were just cheesesteak springrolls. They tried to fancy them up with "foie gras sauce" (meh) and a "cherry pepper relish" (again, meh), but they honestly just wouldve been better with ketchup. Still, tasty. The bartender was great; present without being obtrusive. The ambience is cool and the clientele was chill. The bathrooms were also clean, which is always a plus, because you never know what you're gonna get in that department. 
I'm not often in Fishtown, but I ever am, I'd surely stop by and give them another go.Oh, how the mighty fall. There is really no reason why pretzel bites should be tough enough to strain my TMJ when the kitchen just opened 1 hour ago. Also, it shouldn't take 20min to get a beer and 25 more to get the check when there is 1 other occupied table on a Saturday afternoon. Y'all almost had me miss my flight - officially no longer on the short list of places to stop by on every Philly visit. Womp.5 stars isn't enough for this place. I can't count how many times of been here in the past year or so, but this place is by far my favorite spot to come to. Whether I'm there for some great beer or amazing good, Kraftwork has never let me down. I've tried almost everything on their menu and everything is spot on. 
The one thing I find myself eating almost everytime is their Beer Can Chicken Sandwich...absolutely amazing! I always put hot sauce in it and it's absolutely perfect. My mouth is watering just from writing this review. Their burgers are also great. I think it goes toe-to-toe with Village Whiskey (yeah I said it). 
Service is always superb and eventhough the crowd is generally hipster's...everyone just seems to get along there. I honestly can't say enough about this place! Cheers to Kraftwork!
P.S. The only thing this place needs on their menu (I'm kind of glad they don't, because I would probably eat there every night) is WINGS! I think that would put you guys way over the top! 
Keep up the great work guys!This place is normally pretty good but I was a little sad when I ordered their special crab & shrimp mac and cheese. It was all noodles and no crab and 2 pieces of shrimp :-(I had brunch here today and it was a pleasure. As a visitor from NY I was so impressed with the friendly service and willingness to accommodate. We sat outside which was lovely on an early October day and the food was on point. I ordered a cheese and bacon omelet and couldn't decide between home fries or salad and was offered a little of each. Nice touch and a great Bloody Mary. Great start to the day,BURGER REVIEW: From deepest dives to the finest napkin on your lap place, all this is is a burger review.  While a fun atmosphere can add to it, I usually won't knock points off for other things, and some places can have terrible other food and amazing burgers.  End disclaimer.
Kraftwork is a fun post-industrial environment place.  All their signage and bar seems to be locally designed, in a very cozy environment.  I got to visit both the bar and service area.  A large bar without being too large to make the rest of the space cramped, small stools lead to a bit of drifting of seating locations, ending in inevitable crunch zones and big gap spaces.  Still a cozy spot however.
The bar was crowded on a Saturday evening, but the dining section was lightly filled.  I can see this place getting packed though.
Onto the meat of the subject: amazing burger.  Not too hot or juicy, but very well spiced meat with delicious cheese and a solid bun that functioned to add taste.  Seemed like sourdough but I'm no expert.  
This was the best burger I've had in Philidelphia thus far.  A gourmet burger that fit the price point.  There was nothing to complain about overall and it was a wonderful experience.  I'll be sure to be back here.If you happen to be in Fishtown you should check this place out.
I'm not saying I'd make a special trip up there.  The last time I was driving down Girard I saw it and since I was moving quickly I thought it was like next door to Johnny Brenda's.  It's not.  Not that it's far, but a good 5-7 minute walk from JBs.  Maybe 10 from the el.
Nice beer selection.  The menu is a bit confusing to read.  It's this grid style approach to the beer selection and if after a long day of work where you stare at speadsheets put together by aspiring marketeers, you don't want to see one when you order beer.  Still, it's not that difficult to figure out but it's harder than it should be.
I'm up to 4 because I like to err on the side of positive.  Honestly, this place would be 3.5 in my mind only due to location.  My beet salad with arugula, walnuts and a vinaigrette was tasty and reasonably price.  The margherita pizza was think crust, crispy and had a nice sauce on it with fresh mozzarella.  They don't skimp on the details.
Anyway, I would go back.  I find a way to get up to fishtown now and again to visit people.  Nice to see another good spot in that neighborhood.  If I was local, I would probably be there a lot more.Tried the Margherita flatbread.. was not super impressed. There was a bit too much tomato sauce and the bread seemed too cooked, it was a too hard and crunchy. My friend got a burger with fries that she really enjoyed and also looked really good though. 
Service was good. This place seemed pretty casual and I thought it had an interesting concept of ideas on menu.I love the atmosphere they want to have in here, but haven't quite felt it work out. However, I have enjoyed the pierogis numerous times and haven't eaten a bad one yet. The apple chutney is friggin' awesome, even if the four piergois are a little pricey. Everything in here is just a little pricey. 
If you go at a time when they are insanely slow, you tend to be left alone, but the food gets out quick. It's up to you whether you want to be nagged by your bartender or not. 
I had a Robinson Crusoe drink once which is super ginger crazy. Delicious, but a little overwhelming for me. I'll be back, but next time to try a new beer.
Still want to try their PB&J Zeppoli. Yum.UPDATE 4/6/13 - This place has seriously stepped it up from when I first wrote a review (I hear they swapped out chefs at some point a while back).  The brunch here is incredible.  I can't say enough good things!  
-------------
This place has an amazing rotating beer selection.  I like how they give you a beer menu that shows which beer will be tapped next.  They also have growlers!  
I was very happy when this place opened up right around the corner from my house.  The only thing I'd have to complain about is the food.  It's OK but it's nothing amazing.  I feel it's a bit expensive for what it is.  I ordered the falafel sandwich for $9 and all that came out was a piece of pita bread, 3 falafel balls and some yogurt sauce.  No lettuce or tomato.  The people I have gone with all feel the same about the food.  I really feel that they could use a food makeover.Like the other reviewers, I like the amount of fresh, on tap beer this place has.  But the sheer number of taps is not enough to impress me. The food is barely "meh" and overpriced.  To be considered a "gastropub" the "gastro" part should be at least equal to the "pub" part.   I'm all about rabbit terrine when its made well, but you are in Fishtown, guys... take it down a notch or two.
While I am aware some restaurants need a little time to find their groove, I'm sure the owners and chefs of Kraftwork are also aware that when you open a place, that should be the time to really get your future regulars in and settled.  First impressions and all.
Kraftwork, I may come back for a beer, but if you want my food money, you're going to have to try a bit harder.Bigtime meh on Kraftwork. I'd heard such great things. The waitress came at us like a judge judy drill sergeant to inform me yes, brunch was over 3pm sharp, no, happy hour does not exist since they don't need the business...When I asked about an item instead of simply saying, "we have a rotating menu" again I was given a hardline explanation that I should not expect what I read online (average customer is I guess pretty dumb.) The salad was an un flavorful pile of arugula (most exciting part was fried goat cheese) and cost $12. I am not a craft beer drinker but when I asked for a COMPARABLE flavor beer was given a lecture AGAIN by the waitress on why she didn't have it and some guff for ordering a cocktail. Also, the entire crowd was local hipsters, their parents, and the hipster's loud children. Outdoors would be nice but there was someone smoking and no one wanted to sit outside. Get over yourself and take some pointers from LA on server etiquette.kinda ended up here on a whim. but i have to admit im pretty glad. It was st. patricks day so the crowds were pretty thick in fishtown. we were just looking for a bite to eat and maybe a cocktail. 
the crowd was heavy but we got a seat right away, the beer selection is insane, i mean they have alot of beers, something for everyone no doubt. i started with a flight mixed with dark beers and ipas. i settled on youngs chocolate stoudt! extremely tastey. the server was knowledgable and willing to help with beer selections for my date, which was very helpful.
they were serving brunch, so the menu was restricted, but there are enough selections to choose from. the server read the specials and i was sold on the chicken and waffles. a complete belgian waffle, with a chicken and veg in a mushroom sauce! absolutely deliscious! It really hit the spot i was glad we stumbled along this joint!Ok wow, this is my number one Gastro pub so far. Fish town, who would have thought. I don't  give 5 stars but this place earned all five. The service was great with an intimate knowledge of the beers on tap. The hamburgers were aged beef and awesome! My first 5 star restaurant so please Go.People are snobs who go there full of them selfs ,foods ehh beers ehh but there brunch is great!!! Service is 50 50So sadly, I've been back 2 more times and have to say now that although it's a great place to drink, I'd have to be really hungry to eat there again.  
I ordered the scallops special for $14 that was an entree and I was told that they are two huge scallops with asparagus and something else.  Um, they were you average two scallops.  There were maybe 4 half-sized stalks of asparagus.  I'd rather pay $20 and get 4 scallops!  And if they chinze on the scallops, you'd think you'd get a bunch of side stuff but no.  And they were out of the two vegetarian appetizers so I had no options since I was still hungry.  
The next time I went I ordered the falafel sandwich and the cabbage and apple slaw.  The falafel came on thick, good pita but the tahini was rather tasteless and the falafel was mushy.  The pickled veggies on the side left a lot to be desired--I'm not sure pickled anything is a good side dish.
The cabbage and apple slaw was also tasteless.  I think I had one forkful and I sent the rest back.  
I tried some fries and they are called herbed something or other.  As my friend remarked, they're all stubby fries.  It looks like they went through the short side of the potato peeler so you can't really get a good grip on any of them.  And some were undercooked.  Some were fine.  My other friend ordered a basket of them which was a steep $6...and she remarked it would be nice to pay $4 for half of them...since she got a 1/4 of the way through and they were all cold and clearly just too many fries even for a table of 4.  
So I better stick with the veggie board since I don't eat meat.So this is my story. I was laying in bed reminiscing about Kraftwork's fantastic french onion spare rib sandwich that I practically drooled all over my pillow covers. I thought "Hey, I should go back to Fishtown and get it". I was craving it that much. Went to see how much airline fare was and tickets to Philadelphia was about $250 round trip. Done. Booked. I'm on the next flight out and I am going to make a vacation out of it.
Took the train and subway to Fishtown after getting off the plane and went straight to Kraftwork. I have been craving this sandwich for months and I went to the extreme just to come back here again to get it. It is THAT good. Not to mention their featured specials like the watermelon salad. It is EXCELLENT. I went to Barcade after having dinner at Kraftwork. Got a couple of drinks in me and demanded that my friend and I walk back to Kraftwork for their salad. Worth it. Their falafel wrap is really great too. I love the combination of pickled veggies with everything else stuffed in this gigantic wrap.
You bearded men in Fishtown really know how to make a Southern gal come back for more! ;)Kratwork is a great spot if you want the chance to try different craft beers from various breweries/microbreweries from around the country. The beer line up rotates on a weekly basis, so you're not always stuck with the same options. They even go as far as telling you what's going to be poured the following week on the menu. I particularly like their half price pints for happy hour (which leads to most beers being ~$3 a piece) because sometimes, you'll end up with a sweet deal on an ultra premium brew. Though the beer selection is often overwhelming (because everything sounds so good), so just going for the beer flight is highly recommended. 
As far as the food goes, it's pretty decent, but with a few things left to be desired. If you want an amazing burger, this is definitely a great spot for one and you definitely get your money's worth. The beef patty seems to be very fresh, and a brioche bun is a nice touch. The fries are also on point. The pretzel bites appetizer is pretty good, but the cheese is a little on the bland side and for what you pay, the portion is TINY. The pierogies are also enjoyable, but to NOT serve them with caramelized onions is a crime. You can also opt for meat/cheese, and hummus platters if you're just looking for a light snack to share while you're drinking beer, they do have a good selection for a reasonable price.I have been here three times.  Beer selection is fun and nearly always includes cider and sour beers which I enjoy, but truly has every varietal of beer in which one would be interested.  
The food is good here.  I've had their cheese, charcuterie, deviled eggs, and mussels, but I am writing this post today because of their chicken sandwich.
They have a chicken breast sandwich that is, despite being white meat, succulent, soaking in juices and then smothered with cheese and cooked hot peppers. Everything, from the bun to the chicken to the toppings was EXCELLENT, and I think this is the BEST sandwich I have had in a long time.  Both my husband and I whispered expletives after taking our first bites, in awe of this sandwich.  
While the scene is hipster refurnished pieces and the service is always fast and friendly, in truth I would not care if this was a dirty hole in the wall with rude staffers--I would come here again and again and again for that sandwich alone.Needed a good meal the day after one of the best shows ever-Roger Waters...1st time here n I had a superb Eggs Benedict...very attentive staff always keeping the water cup full and the server was very friendly and good...Bloody Mary was so so with just a mini hot pepper, pickle slices and a few olives...would of been nice if they had bacon and/or shrimp as well..also had an Irish coffee though without whip cream but it was strong and woke me up...will have to go back for the good beer selection n maybe dinner...solid place all around...nice layout04/13/12
Went to Kraftwork last night.  I really like the space.  I'm a big girl, I require alot of yaw, so it was nice that you don't have to push past people.
It wasn't very crowded, but filled up before we left.
Honestly, not overwhelmed.  It was nice, it was good.  It seemed to take a long time for the kitchen to get out two sandwhiches and a salad, but the server was nice, and explained alot of things.  I think the problem with me was I'm not a beer head, so that part really didn't interest me.  My salad was good, with beets and goat cheese, and pumpkin seeds.  The rib sandwhich was good, and the burger looked fine.  The fries were good, not as garlicky as I thought they might be.  It took another twenty minutes or so to get the desserts to the table, which were fine.  Chocolate banana bread pudding, (rather dry) and an apple empanada which was okay.  I'd certainly go back again, but probably just to grab a burger and no booze.
Four glasses of wine, and three beers.  $114.00 + tip for three people.  With tip that comes to about $45 a person.
I think I'm just really spoiled by BYOB's at this point.  I liked the place, the menu isn't stunning, but its good and sturdy.  But I kinda didn't expect to go over $100 for two sammies and a salad, and two desserts. I keep forgetting how much we drink.I stopped into Kraftwork last night to grab beer and a bite with a friend of mine.  The beer menu blew my socks off! They have an extremely wide variety of beers.  I was most impressed with the Racer 5, which they had on cask.  I also noticed that they had a beer sampler for $8...you get 4 6-8 oz glasses of any beer on tap. 
Moving on to the food menu.  As a full-time vegetarian and part-time vegan I have come to expect a few things from most of the gastropubs / restaurants in and around the northern liberties area.  I was a little surprised by the menu in 2 ways.  Firstly, the items on the menu seemed to be a little overpriced.  Secondly, they had no vegan entrees on the menu and unless you wanted an appetizer the only vegetarian selection was the falafel sandwich. 
I ordered a falafel sandwich, which was $10.  The bartender informed me that the only sandwich that comes with fries is the burger and that the kitchen doesn't allow substitutions.  For a falafel sandwich and fries the total was $16, almost twice what I would have paid elsewhere.  
The sandwich itself was a decent size with three falafel cakes spread out with an ample amount of cucumber tzatziki sauce (could have used some tomato and lettuce).  The sandwich also came with a side of kosher pickled carrot, cucumber and cauliflower...which was pretty tasty. 
The french fries were a tad dainty, but the portion was a nice size and the mustard aioli was terrific. 
All in all....Kraftwork is an awesome watering hole because it has a fantastic beer selection (which would please any beer snob) and neat contemporary decor.  (Plus the staff is extremely friendly and hard working!)  I haven't decided, however, if I will be returning.  With the extremely limited vegan/vegetarian options and the high food prices... I feel as though I could make out much better at other local stops....like my personal favorite Memphis Taproom.  
Ohhh. and although I can not eat it. The hamburger looked incredible. Definitely a homemade roll!This is one of those places that I have been meaning to get to for a while but just haven't. It always seems like the places that are closest to your house are the hardest to get to. One Sunday I finally decided that I had enough and that I just had to go. It was a good decision. Rolled in and I have to say I thought that Kraftwork would be bigger but that is not a criticism so much as an observation. Started off with the perogies which I love good perogies and these did not disappoint. The perogies were your run of the mill potato ones but they were cooked to perfection especially with the pan crust. The sour cream apple mixture was great and they were huge, will go back just for these. Got the burger and the short rib sandwich, both were really good, the short rib sandwich was huge. I can't wait to get back and branch out a bit more and explore Kraftwork's menu. Definitely a great place in Fishtown that you should visit.The food is fine, but the staff are a nightmare. Brunch is a very stressful experience here! The past couple visits here have been unpleasant, but the most recent visit last month was enough to guarantee I will not go back. 
The last time I went, I was convinced the hostess was either high or hadn't slept after a night out, because she legit seemed cracked out. She was frantic and couldn't find us a table, until I pointed out a vacant table she had missed. The waitress ignored us the entire time and we had to wait twenty minutes just to get more coffee. I don't understand why this place is so popular- I think it's completely overrated. I don't know how they can get away with having such poor service.Always revolving selection of beers. Bartenders who are knowledgeable and attentive. Ever-changing food specials. This is a place that I love to go to wind down after working, or after a night of bar hopping throughout Fishtown. It's a place where the hipsters clash with the foodies and beer snobs, in a good way.
Went there with a friend who fell in love with the beer can chicken. I enjoyed the Korean bbq tacos. And I'm waiting to try the morcilla on the charcuterie plate. I also had a butternut squash soup that I thoroughly enjoyed.
The beer menu is one of the best mixes in the city. IPA's- Check. Local Favorites- uh huh. Belgians- Sure. Cheapass PBR- Yep. Also the beer menu shows the next keg up to bat, so if you see one of your favorites coming up you know you can go there in a couple of days to get a taste. Bartenders let you have a taste, and will steer you in the right direction if you have questions.
Nothing else I can say 5 stars.My go-to! Any day, any time.... I've probably eaten everything on the menu, but these are my favs
-pierogies
-cheddar pretzel bites
-korean tacos (holy bursting with flavor!)
-mediterr. board 
-vietnamese iced coffee (for brunch)
You should go here with a friend, and split everything because you will not be disappointed.. oh and did I mention their beer list is always awesomeThe pretzel balls are freshly made, yum!  The sausage roll is not bad as well.  Their special cocktails are actually "special". I had pear off in threes.  It's rich layered flavors.  
The service is not bad. It's timely and got everything correct. Price is reasonable too.I would say this place is in my top 2 restaurants of all time. I've been coming here since I've moved to fishtown 3 years ago and haven't been disappointed yet. Everything I have gotten has been spectacular and everyone I have brought here loved it and always ask to come back. I would say their brunch is my favorite with their beermosas and granola with yogurt but everything on the menu is amazing. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu,l and who doesn't love a huge beer menu! The best part about the way they do is things is that you can get the best of both worlds when ordering - side salad and fries  with your main meal. I mean, how accommodating is that?!This end of Girard is a real f##king schlep for me, but after last night's dinner I may have to come up with more excuses to head out here.
Great beer menu, in terms of breadth, quality and price, as every single other reviewer here has surely noted. And I was expecting that when I showed up. But the food? That was a nice surprise. And very generous portions... especially if you order based on typical 'gastropub' serving sizes, and especially if you were fool enough to go there for dinner after a relatively late lunch.
I got the Korean BBQ tacos, expecting a trio of tiny tortillas lightly sprinkled with meat and veggies. Instead, I got two hu-normous bundles overflowing with spicy-sweet porky deliciousness. Mmm. That, plus the mound of pretzel bites (surprisingly addictive), left little room for the Mediterranean platter my gf and I planned to share as the 'main event'. That's ok, because it packed up well and was the least interesting part of the overall meal - still tasty, but not as good as the other courses, which literally overrode the fullness commands being frantically issued by the primitive reptile segment of my brain and compelled me to keep cramming food in my gullet well after my appetite had been pacified.
Guess I can expect to be taking quite a few more long, icy walks before winter is through...Food was good, drinks were good, I don't think the place was out of this world, just ok!!Tried this restaurant for brunch yesterday. It has a very chill atmosphere, with good music playing and a creative interior decor. The food was great and well-priced. In addition, they have a decent list of beers and drinks. I would definitely suggest a visit to Kraftwork!Great burgers. Great fries. Great brunch. GREAT beer list. Definitely one of best spots in Fishtown for happy hour/ late night happy hour. Can't get pretty swamped so dont show up in the middle of dinner/brunch service or you'll be waiting for a very, very long time. Staff is friendly, food is consistent and I highly suggest their iced coffee with condensed milk , it's unreal.Great little place in Fishtown... Constantly changing craft beers and interesting menu. We had the cheesesteak spring rolls with foie gras sauce (soooo good)... Our food didn't come out quite right the first time but they quickly got us a new plate and they also treated us to a round of drinks when it came time to pay... Which was not necessary but a very nice gesture. Can't wait to come back here and try more of their food/beer selection.Crispy perogies. I was a woman on a mission, so we wandered into Fishtown's Kraftwork for pre-dinner eats (hat tip to Tolkien's hobbits and their six meals a day).
We got started with beers and hot spiced apple cider with bourbon. A pretty impressive list of brews! Glad to see an SF favorite on the list (Racer 5). We split the crispy perogies (mission accomplished, filled with mashed potatoes, choucroute, mushrooms and a side of chive creme fraiche and apple chutney) and truffled deviled eggs (with a delicious presentation of tender and pickled roasted beet salad and latticed crispy waffle chips). Goodness. Perogies and deviled eggs were amazing.
The atmosphere? Clean, rustic yet warm interiors. Quiet on a weekday late afternoon with only the subtle chatter of other happy hour goers. The service was friendly and quick, and our server knew his beers well. We did feel pressured to order dinner and hurried along when we decided to forgo entrees (it wasn't peak dinner hours).
Overall, great food and drinks, cozy and clean. Can't wait to come back and try other options on the menu.Although I have already reviewed Kraftwork I feel compelled to review it again upon reading Augie B and Jen L's reviews because I was sitting at the table next to them the night they dined at Kraftwork.  I can remember this night so clearly because of the humorous situation Augie created when he sent his crostini back to the kitchen multiple times.  Now I'm not one to judge (yes I am), but when someone has ordered not one but TWO meat and cheese platters then complains about four pieces of toasted bread that person is cra-zay.  I enjoyed the scene Augie created when he complained about his meal despite eating it (no, I didn't measure how much he ate but it was most of it). I find it ridiculous that you could actually argue about toasted bread and then eat, eat, and eat.  I also find it humorous that you use the royal "we" in your review, as if you are speaking for everyone.  While you cite an "unfortunate trend in Philadelphia...(to) get it right then screw the pooch" I could also cite an unfortunate trend in Philadelphia for people to think that studying the "Culinary Arts" qualifies you to review restaurants and pass judgement.  I'm sorry you aren't Craig LaBan and I'm sorry that you felt the need to criticize a the waitress and the chef on date. The night you dined at Kraftwork the staff was on point, the food was excellent, and the beer was top notch.  EVERY meal I've had at Kraftwork has been great, fresh, and yummy.  The waitstaff has NEVER been condescending or rude because I've never been condescending or rude but I can honestly attest to the fact that Augie's waitress was not rude, she was more than patient.  I hope you read Augie and Jen's reviews and think, "Wow, those people think a good date is spending time at a bar while my date berates a waitress then go to Oh! Hara's." 
Bottom Line: Kraftwork is still great.  Their specials are always fresh and local and their beer selection is like no other in the city. Go there immediately!This place is worth trying- nice decor, very friendly service.  We had the falafel sandwich, pierogi, and trout blt. Not the best food ever, but good solid flavors.Ok first let me say I hate gastropubs. As a non drinker the food is always lacking as people really go for the beer. But this place was in a different class of its own. The good was creative but not pretentious and the flavors put together. We were there for brunch and I had the chicken pot pie waffle which my 6 year old picked and we shared. My man had some flatbread thing that sounded good on paper but I was sure was going to be a hot mess. It was fantastic. Get that. Get that. 
The design of the space was cool and interesting. There was iron work detail throughout but not overdone. Service was great too. We got there at 10:30 and easily got a seat. By noon it was busy. I guess Philadelphians go brunch later than Californians. 
The place had good coffee too. Had it been great I would have given them 5 stars.I eat here often.  Usually once or twice a week for the last several years.  This place is amazing not only is the food incredible, the staff always goes above and beyond to make me happy.  Everyone me knows my name and has a huge smile.   I am so grateful to have this place to go to when I want a good meal and to feel like I am around family.Stopped in with my buddy after the last Yelp Elite event at Luckystrike as it was close to home and we could watch the end of the Fightens' game. Beer selection is awesome. Any type of beer you like will be represented here but with options you won't find elsewhere. The bartender had his laptop on the bar and we could follow the Cardinals, Rays and Red Soxs games. Friendly and knowledgeable is how I can describe him. Shared a cheese plate and it was great. One of the best around with a selection of blue, hard, goat and fantastic accompaniments. I have heard mixed reviews on the food and will have to get here for a meal but to kick back with a cold one for a game, this place will not disappoint.Kraftwork has quickly become one of, if not my favorite bar in Philadelphia. I go there about once or twice a week and every time I go the food is delicious. They have a pretty good beer list with alternates for all items and they rotate it frequently. The cocktails shouldn't be overlooked either, the Apple Cider Cocktail with Art in The Age Snap, is amazing. The pretzel bites are a must have. They are easily some of the best pretzels in a city that's known for taking it's pretzels seriously. Also of note is their flatbread Margherita Pizza which ranks among one of the best pizzas in the city.so I just sort of went over for a beer or two to catch the rest of the Phils game but I ended up getting a few oysters and then when the game went into extra innings, the cheese plate. I've gotten oysters here on two other occasions and they were phenomenal. This night the menu listed them as being from Canada, Prince Edward Island but they were sold out. They actually had substitutions from Nova Scotia! these were good but not great. However, I'm just thrilled that a place down the street from my house has quality oysters. no, really good quality oysters. Other than the sansom st oyster house in cc I dont know who else gets oysters like this in July (haven't been to Fathom yet). 
Now if there is another thing besides oysters that I'm a nuts-o about, its cheese. For the money ($16?) it was one of the better cheese plates I've had. A nice mix of hard and soft, goat, cow, blue, etc with great accompanyments (candied walnuts, cherry preserves, some strange/salty caper thingies). really really good. 3 people could easily share it and be satisfied. Along with the Belgian style triple I drank with it, it was all easily as good as anything you'd get in Belgium. and yes I ate the whole thing myself.
I should also mention how good the bar area is in general, especailly to watch a ball game. The 2 TVs are not intrusive to people who don't care about them, yet are easily viewable from select seats at the bar and some tables. I really like the large feel of the space too. It was crowded but still comfortable. There is no sound on the TVs but I was digging the music and general vibe of the place anyway. 
...and there was a good old fashioned brawl too which made me feel right at home in Fishtown! I should mention that the staff handled it very well and it was all over in minutes.Hands down the best looking and most architecturally interesting bar in Philadelphia. Whoever did the metal work in there is a gifted human being. My roommate and I sat at the bar, in awe by the giant metal saw hanging above the twenty something drafts they have there. Awesome. Everything from the giant-bolt doorhandle to the walls had me in a trance.
Now onto the meal. We did the cheese plate, which was excellent. Great variety and the accoutremont (?) that came with each cheese worked really well. I had the calamari over a salad with roasted cherry tomatoes and it was great, as well as the fries (MUSTARD sauce rocked). My roommate had a burger and was making noises similar to the ones i hear coming from his room at night. Awesome beer selection. I will definitely be back here.
For dessert, The Strawberry Shortcake over a BISCUIT with balsamic reduction. This was the best part of the meal and really had me speechless. The biscuit was awesome, and the balsamic/strawberry/whipped cream connection was awesome. Best use for whipped cream since that scene in Varsity Blues. 
My only beef is that the bartender wasnt friendly and took a long time for everything. Will definitely be back here in the future.Great little neighborhood spot!
  20-30 craft beers on tap that are constantly rotating.  I love how the beer menu has what's on deck once that keg kicks.  You always know well in advance what craft beer is next in line.
  The employees here have always been super friendly.  They'll let you sample drinks, and if you're unsure what your in the mood for they'll take time to talk you through it.  Rebecca (dreads) is supa supa friendly, and knowledgeable.  
  When it comes to the food, I find myself creating the "heart attack" burger fairly regularly, that is assuming I am not there for brunch, which is also always superb.  They give you the option to build your own burger as you see fit, I tend to go with, bacon, carmelized onions, aged cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and aioli....soooooo bad for you but soooooo good!
  I am yet to be disappointed with this place!We live in a city that infested by hipsters.  Hell, I might be one myself for all I know.
There are a few things without which the hipster cannot survive.  Bands that you've never heard of.  Ironic t shirts.  Ironic facial hair.  How it's even possible for facial hair to be ironic, I don't know.
But most importantly, the hipster cannot survive without a pub in which a combination of good beer, good food, and PBR can be ordered.  Without such surroundings, the hipster will wither and die, like that polar bear on that nature show that tried to eat a seal because it was starving but couldn't.  Because it was a bloody seal, and those things are huge.  
What I'm trying to say is that there are a ton of good gastropubs in Philly, and this one is a cut above the rest.  Their beer list is amazing, and when they tap a keg they actually bring on a new beer rather than replacing it, so it changes constantly.  The food we've had has all been great.  The biscuits and sausage gravy are probably the best in the city.  If you like your sausage covered in gravy and drizzled onto biscuits, this is the place to get that.  
The staff has always been friendly and entertaining.  The last time we went we asked if they ever did quizzo.  They don't.  But we spent the meal trading trivia questions with our server.  Awesome.Kraftwork is on Frankford Ave and the parking is usually a little easier for me in that area. My daughter and myself had our first visit on an October Friday night. We were there later and were seated without a wait. The space was crowded and doing well.
I had been at the Side Car before owned by the same folks as Kraftwork. The menu has a similar layout and there is very good beer selection. The inside is open with brick walls, wood tables and this really cool metal handsaw sculpture over the bar. 
Crispy Pierogies - Mashed potatoes, choucroute, mushrooms, and chive creme fraiche, apple chutney. These were very flavorful and crème fraise and apple chutney worked well together. This was a bigger then we expected. French Onion Short Rib Sandwich - Caramelized onions melted Gruyere, horseradish creme fraiche, and ciabatinni bun. This was an excellent sandwich and the meat was tender. We also had the Shrimp Po' Boy special. This was pretty good, it wasn't as good as the other dishes but the bread was excellent.
The star of the night was the dessert, the fried Apple Pie with house made vanilla ice cream, caramel sauce.  This was one of the better desserts I have has in a long time and if you like apples, cinnamon and deliciousness look no further.
All the servers at Kraftwork were friendly and helpful and I would definitely go back again.Do you like your food and beer with a side of hipster?
If so, then this is your place. 
The ambiance at Kraftwork is decidedly hipster, as are the clientele and the staff. The staff, accessorized with a healthy dose of irony in the form of tattoos and facial hair, are actually quite friendly and exhibit none of the hipster pretension, or at least they hide it well at work. 
Assuming that you either are a hipster, are dating a hipster (in which case you are likely the former), and/or enjoy hipster-watching, the beer list is pretty good and decently-priced. However, and this is a big however, the food isn't the best. We tried the Korean tacos, mussels and fries, and the shortrib sandwich. Don't get me wrong, it was all fine. But for the price and the overwhelming hipsterness, I expected better. 
If I lived in the neighborhood and owned more plaid shirts and facial piercings, I would consider coming here again. Maybe just for the beer, though.We came on a Friday night for dinner, and it was crowded but not too crowded. We sat at the bar and had great service. The burger was delicious...one of the best ones I have had in Philadelphia. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. The beer selection was also pretty spectacular. Overall it was a fun atmosphere and a nice laid back place to have dinner and a few beers with some friends.Gastropubs are my favorite places to eat nowadays so I decided to hop on i95 from the NE and head down to Fishtown to check out Kraftwork, upon reading good reviews and exploring their appealing menu. 
Wise decision. This place is awesome. Visually its a work of art with its clean industrial decor. The metal works theme is pulled off nicely. No detail is overlooked, right down to the metal gear bases of their tables. As soon as you work through their door you are greeted by their horse-shoe bar piloted by an impressive lineup of craft brews on tap. They even had Southern Tier Pumking, one of the premier pumpkin ales. My friend and I opted to eat at the bar where we could more easily oggle the beer selection. The bartender was working alone since it was a Tuesday afternoon but she hustled and was very attentive. Having a second hand out there may have given her time to make suggestions or talk about specials, but I digress! 
On to the food, I ordered the Korean BBQ Pulled Pork Tacos and an order of Garlic Herb fries. My friend ordered the Sausage Pastries and the Garlic Herb Flat Breads. The tacos were phenomenal, as were the fries which came with a ridiculously good Beer Mustard Aioli. Id order both again in a heartbeat. I didnt try the Sausages but my buddy did enjoy them. I did try the Flat Bread. Perfectly cooked but could have used maybe a little bit more flavor or perhaps a dipping sauce of some sort. They were still all devoured though so dont confuse me for saying they werent good! 
Kraftwork is another gem and considering its about 1 minute off 95 on Girard Ave, I will absolutely be back to try other items on the menu and of course, more beer.We finally made it to Kraftwork after talking about it for the last few weeks.  I'll start with the beer . . . if the rating were only based on beer, it would be a five without a second glance.  A flight of four beers is 8.00 and the selection is fabulous.  My waiter quickly figured out my beer taste preferences and made suggestions based on those. He also had great adjective selection for each beer choice . . . transcendental was my personal favorite.  
We loved the interior; we found it to be well-done industrial . . . not over the top.  My friend/dinner partner had a mild obsession with the music selection and will be back solely for that reason.  
We started with the fiddlehead ferns, which were fabulous, and the chicken liver mousse . . . . which were I a pate fan, I would have enjoyed.  I had the winning entree with the beer can chicken sandwich.  I am an ultimate sandwich snob, and this one met my standards.  The meat was perfect, as was the bread . . . the most integral part.  
I cannot make a statement regarding the other entrees at the table . . . but when you have 25 fabulous beers on tap, all you really need is one great entree.I am sitting at the bar as I write this. They are nine days since opening and I am in heaven. 25 beers on tap and an audience of folks ranging from ten months to sixty years. I NEVER got to a place so soon after opening bc I like to see a place with their A game. 
Kraftwork is on their A game and have pleased me mightily. We enjoyed some of our favorite styles of beer (me: imperial stout; him: ipa). Along with the vegetable platter. The Faux Gras was so.damn.good.
I also have to respect the place b/c they only have 5 or 6 liquors behind the bar and make some solid traditional mixed beverages.  The staff also seems to help each other out, with all asking if we needed a refill or how our dish was (without being overbearing).  
I am also impressed with the cross section of diners/drinkers here.  You have families, neighborhood residents, suburbanites (like me); all various ages represented, too.  
Oh yes, I'll be back and it makes the trek from Chester County to Fishtown worth it completely.
**ps: this was drafted on Sunday, while sitting at Kraftwork, but not posted until later, mid-week**Great beer selection, food, staff, vibe and neighborhood.  
only downside.... which, i know, it's probably silly to you::   the placement of the 2 televisions.  they seem like an afterthought to me.  unless you are at the bar, they are very tough to see.  i guess i would just rather them not be there.  it is torturous to know that the phillies are playing but that you can't actually see the game from your seat.  : /  
much love anyway.  : )Great beer selection and wonderful food.  The beer can chicken sandwich is delicious as are the muscles. The only drawback is the family style seating.  They cram as many people at a table as they can.I love Kraftwork. The first time I came I assumed it would be like the beer bar in my own neighborhood, which has excellent beer and crappy food. Kraftwork has both wonderful beer and wonderful food. First time I had the Crispy Polenta and my boyfriend had the Short Rib Sandwich. The second time I had the mussels, which were excellent, and my boyfriend had the Short Rib Sandwich again because it's just that good. The staff is a touch gruff but it's a neighborhood place so I'm okay with that. Definitely go, it's worth it!Nice u-shaped bar with lots of seating, even though the space is relatively small.  I didn't get anything to eat but the food smelled good, especially the french fries.  
The draft list is good, with about 20 beers on tap.  They also provide a list of what is on deck after a keg gets kicked.  This is a nice feature and a smart move on their part since it could easily bring you back to the bar if you know something you want to try is coming up soon.  
Another excellent aspect of the spot is that their happy hour is 10pm-Midnight.  It is half off 6 preselected drafts.  It would be nice if it was all their beers but being that this is one of the few places that does a late night happy hour you can't complain too much.Pretty good spot.  Enjoyed the apps, deviled eggs, pretzels bites and pierogis?  Staff was pretty good, reasonable pricesLove the rotating draft list. When your up for an adventure in craft brews, this is a great place stop to try something new. Pretzel bites are a fantastic hot and buttery way to get started, although you also can't go wrong with pierogies or the sausage rolls.
The burger is great, but the Beer Can Chicken and the French Onion Short Rib Sandwich are consistently some of my favorites.This place has a really great vibe, great beer selection (founders, russian river, bells, etc...)  and great service, one of my new favorite beer spots in philly. Enough said!  oh yeah and check out the band Philadelphia Slick...This review is only for their brunch but I'll likely need to update this soon when I go back during the week for dinner.
My boyfriend and I were apartment hunting in the area and decided to stop in for lunch, not realizing that they were serving brunch till 3 PM. I had the huevos rancheros and their special kraftwork mimosa. My boyfriend had a customer breakfast sandwich. The dishes were great, especially their breakfast potatoes.Craving a burger and nothing I wanted was close because of the pope. Stumble upon this place looking through yelp. Chill relaxing atmosphere. Friendly staff. The burgers here are amazing and beefy . Like a burger on steriods and full of flavor. Definitely going to come back agian
Ps. Also had the pork belly Bahn mi. My favorite off the menuwalked into Sketch Burger after a long day to get a very late (4 PM) lunch to go and after some confusion due to the person working there, was told it would be 45 minutes to get burgers, haha. so we left, obviously. thankfully some dude outside told us to walk down the street and check out Kraftwork.
because of the weird time, there were only a few patrons but service was super fast and polite. not sure if service could have been better. we sat outside. everyone who worked there was extremely attentive. food was delicious! burger, side salad, fries, bahn mi, deviled eggs, etc. all good and arrived to the table quickly. i would DEFINITELY go back here if i'm near that section of Girard again.Industrial, spare interiors make the historic setting of this bar and restaurant come to life.
Tasty, fresh combinations and artfully designed dishes. Portions are huge! 
We had the pirogi appetizer for example, and it was a meal-size portion. Definitely a place for Sharing.My mission to hit the 2012 top 50 bars in 2013 brought me to Kraftwork which was awesome.  Loved the circular/u shaped bar.  The beer list was fabulous, although I always fine the what's on tap next list to be a bit of a tease since I always seem to want something on it.  I split one of the flat bread specials of the day and Wild Mushroom Baguette with my friend and we were so glad we shared so we could tastes more of there awesome food.  I've been meaning to get back here and keep passing on the way home from the gym so I know I will at some point.  I just wish it was closer to wear I live cause I'd defiantly frequent it more it if was.Came in on a Saturday night with my wife to have a beer and something to eat. We were immediately seated and ordered a beer from their plentiful selection of craft beers. Service was very fast, I love that hey always keep you hidrated, bringing you water immediately after you seat and constantly filling up your glass, which I think is very important when you are drinking. We ordered the Korean tacos and a appetizer of perogies. Both were outstanding, we left still thinking of how good everything was. Definetly will visit again when I am Fishtown.I continue to have better expectations each time I go there (and this was the third). I know a couple of people here so I really wanted to like it but honestly it's a place I'd pass on. I've had about 7 items on the menu- my favorite being the charcuterie board appetizer- were mediocre to fair, definitely over seasoned. The front of the house service was lacking. They need a hostess if they don't already have one. The decor is fun for the area and the beer selection rules, but I'd go with Johnny B's if you're already on Girard.I am giving this place a 3 because of service. The food was good and the beer is good but it took us over 2 hours to be seated, which would have been fine if they would have told us the wait was going to be that long and not 35 minutes like we were told. Once we were finally seated, the staff didn't even offer up an apology for the exceptionally long wait/incorrect estimation of waiting time. I was just highly disappointed in the service at this place.The tofu banh mi was terrific.  The tofu was seasoned well, the vegetables were crisp and tasty, the bread was soft with a bit of crust to it.  The salad that this dish came with was a simple salad, well prepared and tasted fresh.  
I was disappointed with the burger, it was over cooked and dried out.  I expected more than that.  I don't think that I would order a burger here again.  
The pretzel bites were a little strange, they tasted almost like a biscuit pretzel hybrid.  Not really something that I would order again either.   
The service was good enough.  We weren't lacking anything.Went for Sunday Brunch. 23 taps, not particularly Philadelphia biased. Had a couple beers I've never seen before on tap. Good printed beer list showing what's on and what's up and coming, as well as price and glass size. We had the breakfast sandwiches - they were good, but for $9.50 I'd expect a bit more than one slice of scrapple. Wife go her's with t-bacon and it was a generous portion. Specials sounded real good too. Very hipster - there were more neck-beards, thick glasses and iPhones than I've ever seen. Ambiance was a bit noisy. Service was top notch and VERY friendly. We will definitely be going back here.I've never had a bad meal, beer, or interaction at Kraftwork.  I live down the street from the bar and it's my go-to at any given time, but especially when I have friends visiting from out of town.  The beer selection is always nothing short of impressive; definitely something for everyone and they keep up with the seasons in a non-obvious way. The food is consistently delicious.  The service is friendly and casual, but prompt and professional at the same time.  Kraftwork gets it right.
Noteworthy menu items:
- THE PEROGIES.  I come from a Polish family and these are up there at the top of my list.  Served with an apple chutney that is fantastic and a chive sour cream that compliments every flavor, you cannot go wrong.
- the Falafel sandwich is not like traditional double fried Philly falafel... it's light and filling, and without all the grease South Street dumps on theirs.
- French Onion Short Rib sandwich is phenomenal every time.
Also... you can never go wrong with the burger (I like gruyere cheese and caramelized onions) and the pretzel bites.
*** I always order half salad, half fries.  It's the perfect combination.  
My only complaints: I wish they would have a better main course salad selection!!!  Also, I would like the website/fb page updated with daily specials.
Other than that, Kraftwork is by far my favorite spot to grab a beer and a bite to eat!I didn't like either of the vegetarian options I've tried (the tofu banh mi and portobello sandwiches). They do have a good beer selection though and and their happy hour beer flight special is pretty good. I just won't be coming back for food.Perogies we're good but I was very surprised they did not come with caramelized onions.
The cheesesteak eggrolls... I wouldn't order them again. Taste was just ok.. didn't seem to have any cheese, so it was just a well seasoned steak inside a fried roll on top of some liver creamy sauce. I didn't care for the sauce either. The chili sauce was the best part of the dish!
The burger was delicious! Well.. as always! :) and it comes with string fries and salad. All very well prepared!Meh. Overpriced and their menu is lacking. It's always crowded and loud. I get it, it's a bar, but it seems excessive here. I've tried coming here a few times, but I've always found the food to be OK and expensive considering the portions. I usually write more for these things, but meh I probably the best thing I can say.Beer, beer and more beer. Oh yeah, and it's awesome beer. Stuff I've never heard of before but now dream about at night. 
 Unfortunately, was hoping for a little of the band to be thrown  in there somewhere, but one cannot be that greedy.Let me make myself clear, Kraftwork is a pretty great place.  However, it doesn't exactly have anything going for it that I'm drawn to.  I can't give it more stars because I'm usually not sure what to do with myself when I'm there.
I've been to Kraftwork probably a dozen times.  It's a really popular spot and has one of the best late night happy hours in Philly.  From what I can tell that's pretty much the main draw of this place, cheap craft beers from 10pm to midnight every night.  They have an ever changing list of beers on tap and usually there's several good ones (from what I've been told/seen).
The problem for me is I don't drink beer.  The only thing I really drink (aside from occasional cocktails) is hard cider.  This normally isn't a huge issue in Philly because I know multiple great places to buy difficult to find ciders in shops and even in one bar that I know of, Bottle Bar, but that is kind of a shop anyway.
Kraftwork normally DOES have a cider on tap, but sadly sometimes it isn't part of the happy hour and it has never been one I liked.  It seems strange that with as often as I go there they haven't once had one of the ciders I've grown to love.  So that's disappointing.
That pretty much leaves me getting a cherry coke and ordering some food, but again that's another low point for me.  I've never gotten anything I love at Kraftwork.  The fries are a good deal as you get a ton of them for cheap, but they aren't anywhere near the kind of fries I like.  They're super small shoe string ones that sometimes have a slightly burnt taste in my opinion.
I feel bad not giving Kraftwork a better review because I do like hanging out there somtimes.  But when it comes to food and drink there's many places I'd choose first.
But if you're into craft beer, saving money, and nice looking bars, then definitely give it a try.  Plenty of people love the place so I'm sure you will too.Cool  brunch spot. Atmosphere's a little hipster-y, but really it's Fishtown so what isn't? I will say that their Kentucky iced coffee is AMAZING! Nothing better than coffee that you can just drink without adding anything to it. Cool outdoor seating and parking is reasonable for the area. I've been twice and would definitely return.I was in an awful mood when we got to Kraftwork because we walked from our house in the sweltering heat and I was grumpy and hungry. It took no time at all for that mood to change when I tried the iced coffee. I think it was a special, can't remember, but it hit the spot! So many beer taps too! 
I had the smoked salmon rosti - smoked salmon with chive creme fraiche atop potato pancakes and served with arugula salad. It was delicious but most of the plate was the sald, with two small potato pancakes. There was a lot of salmon, but I think I would have preferred 3 potato pancakes with the salmon split between the three. Overall, I'm nitpicking, the dish was delicious and I wanted more!
My BF tried Huevos Rancheros - he had never had them before, he's usually a breakfast burrito guy. He loved it and now wants to try huevos rancheros everywhere. My friend had the waffle with fresh berries. The food was excellent and we'll definitely be back, but I think we'll drive next time.Top notch brunch spot. Great beer list, zesty Bloody Marias with their own pickled vegetables, and a fantastic array of breakfast-y options with the choice of salad on the side. 
I grabbed tofu scramble and a bloody Maria. So so so good.
The interior was artfully rockin' and the metalwork detail within the walls/tables/bar was beautiful. Can't wait to come back!Their food is good and they have a great selection of beer. Seating can be pretty cramped and isn't great if you're uncomfortable sharing a table with strangers. Their garlic herb fries are absolutely delicious and I love the short rib sandwich though.kraftwork = the truth. total game changer.
philadelphia is one of the top 5 craft beer cities in the country. 
it's bars like this that uphold that reputation. without question one of the most fantastic bars in this fine ass town.
i've been coming here weekly with a group of pals for over 5 months now, and it ne'er disappoints.   
here's why:
- the staff rules. i'm consistently pleased with the service and conversation (not to mention their keen knowledge of the ever-changing beer selection).
- the food is gourmet all the way (right down to the pretzel bites. trust me).
- the beer selection is second to none. and it changes almost daily. 10 dollar flights with over 25 beers to choose from? righteous.
if you're a fan of fine beer, or even if you're just starting out in the craft beer circuit (like I did about a year ago), this place is a magical bar to start your journey.
overall this a bar for beer-fans. it's not a dive bar, no. but if you're looking for one of those just throw an arctic splash container and you'll hit oneThough a bit off the beaten track, Kraftwork is well worth the journey. Decorated what can only be described as hipster industrial, Kraftwork nonetheless offers a welcoming atmosphere with a killer beer list. Kraftwork has more than twenty beers on tap, and every single one has been carefully selected for quality. The bartenders know a great deal about the beer and drinks and are more than happy to help you make a selection.
I stopped in on a Friday night with a friend, and it was immediately clear that Kraftwork was far more than just a neighborhood pub - it's a go-to spot for those gearing up for a night out on the town and others enjoying the atmosphere. There's a horseshoe-shaped bar in the center of the bar surrounded by tables the outside. Most people ordered food to enjoy with their drinks, but we weren't hungry, so we stuck to the beer list, and we were not disappointed. The bartenders were incredibly friendly and helpful. All in all, we had a great time and will definitely be returning.We've been here for brunch and lunch. Each time the food was incredible and service was also. I highly recommend this!The ambiance was nice, food tasted great, and portions were good. So happy this place is just a short walk away.Was a big fan of Sidecar in Grad Hospital but then moved out of the neighborhood so was delighted to hear that they were opening a new place in Fishtown, closer to my new place. 
Wow, what an impressive place they have put together. It's worth going, just to check out the decor. Whoever designed and crafted the giant metal saw above the board, the lights, and the furniture did a really great job. 
The beer list is extensive, intriguing, and apparently changes quite a bit. And unlike Sidecar, the menu makes it really easy to tell what they have on tap and what type of glass it comes in. For most of the pints, you can always order a half-pint (pub glass) for 25c more than half price. They also have a flight option so that you can try 4 different beers. For wine and cocktail drinkers, they also have you covered with some excellent selections. 
The menu is about perfect for a place like this. Cheese boards to keep it interesting, great sandwiches to keep everyone happy, and kickass fries to round everything out. 
Our service was definitely slow, but friendly, and all and all it was a great experience.I definitely like the food here. I do wish they would add more veggie friendly items to their menu. The bartenders are really great. They are always polite, knowledgeable and quick. The place can get crowded quick, so finding a seat can sometimes be challenging. Still worth going back to!Kraftwork may be the best bar in the city.   
Do you love an always changing, never boring, all-draft beer selection?  Do you need fresh, creative, mind-blowing entree and appetizer specials?  Fruit, cheese, and charcuterie to go with your beer? Do you need go-to gastropub staples to fall back on when you're not feeling adventurous?  Friendly, knowledgeable staff?  Good mix of locals, center city folk, out of town beer snobs?  Total lack of Miller Lite bottles?  DJ's on the weekends?  Phillies on the weekdays?
Kraftwork delivers satisfaction no matter your tastes and mood.
Suggestions:  Always go for the specials.   Always.   Mix up the beers, ask for a taste if you aren't sure.
Be careful:  Don't miss out on the specials by ordering the beer can chicken.  Let someone else in your group order the sandwiches, then you can be adventurous.  And don't try to pay with Amex; they don't accept it.A hipster type local neighborhood feel with a nice and open main room centered around the bar.  I have only been three times for lunch, so the evening scene might be alot different.
The hazlenut salad is huge but dressing was too creamy, no flavor to the hazlenuts and the butter lettuce is too sweet.  This dish has alot of potential, but as it was served, I wouldn't recommend it.
Fries are great, perfectly seasoned and fried, love them
Burger is the wrong mix of meat, tastes like "chuck".  Cooked perfectly but needs to be seasoned, def needs salt!
Awesome craft beer selection.
You can spend plenty of time here with friends turning lunch into happy hour (and with this beer selection, it's hard not to).Amazing ever changing beer selection- one of the best in Fishtown. The food started good when they opened, got lousy a few months later and now it's good again. The new falafel is amazing and the burgers and fries are always good. The salads are overpriced and it is annoying that both have fried things on them, although you can ask for the beer salad with unfried goat cheese and it's great - and huge! I almost wish that they would offer half the salad for half the price since it's really two servings worth. Neat specialty drinks and the servers are always knowledgable, personable and attentive. Love the outside seating  and late night happy hour where a dozen drafts are half priced from 10-12am. Overall a great place. Lots of large tables inside so it's easy to go to with 6 or 8 people when it's not crowded.my friend and i came here saturday night for some beers and a bite to eat.   we arrived 9:30ish & found seats at the bar. this being my first time here and after reading the reviews on the beer can chicken sandwich, i was looking forward to ordering. still learning about beer my friend selected a refreshing beer not to hoppy, which i enjoyed.  we shared an order of fries nicely flavored with rosemary & the portion was more than enough for 2 people. i would definitely go back to try the mussels or the short rib sandwich. the bartenders are friendly and helpful with suggestions & the prices are reasonable. and who knew there would be a dj spinning in the back.This is a really nice place. I like the decor, and they have a solid beer selection and great food. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the prices are a bit high.This place might be better for other meals but skip brunch. 
I was super excited to try this place just because of the way it looks from the outside. We went for Sunday brunch and the menu looked promising. Unfortunately we were all a little disappointed. The breakfast burrito was mostly rice and beans and the omelets weren't quite right. I think they cook the eggs, then put the filling inside (uncooked) and transfer to your plate. The spinach inside was cold like salad and the cheese wasn't melted. Not my idea of an omelet. Also not sure they cooked my sausage completely.I still like this place a lot and continue to be impressed with the quickly rotating beer selection.  I was not blown away by the service the last time I went though.  Our server seemed somewhat distracted.  Two rounds of beers and she mixed up our beers among the table both times.  I got an order of the fries, which were good, but I am not sure if they were $6 good.  I will go back, but I think I would prefer to stick to the bar and eat elsewhere.Finally tried Kraftwork for brunch and I'm kicking myself for not checking it out sooner!  I had the blue cheese quiche (quiche of the day) and was very happy with the subtly of flavor in regards to the blue cheese they used.  I also had the Green Tea Cooler, a cocktail made with St Germain which was very tasty.
My fiance had the breakfast sandwich on a biscuit as recommended by our server.  It was HUGE and the biscuit was so good.  His hash browns were uber-crispy which I love.  We will definitely be coming back!All i can say is the staff was very friendly, especially when the found out that we came in all the way from Jersey. We had seen this restaurant on DDD. We like to go to some local DDDs we see on there. As expected the food was also good especially the deviled eggs one of my faves.The food was excellent.  I had a Bahn Mi sandwich with pork belly and the flavor was excellent, the bread perfectly toasted (and fresh) and the ratio of protein to produce was spot on.  We also ordered the deviled eggs as a starter.  They served not just the eggs, but also gave a nice amount of pickled radish and beet as well as homemade potato chips.
The place looks a bit unassuming for a foodie lunch so don't be fooled.  
We wound up with a very comfortable and enjoyable lunch meeting and the staff was very accommodating to our needs.I'd come here again to drink, not to eat.
The atmosphere is really cool. Sort of feel like I was in a wood shop the whole time. A wood shop with good beer. We got our own table instead of the communal seating. Not sure how I feel about that, probably won't until I get seated with complete strangers.
The service was good. It felt like everyone was helping each other out. Our server was polite but she carried herself like she felt she was intruding on us every time she asked us a question. I get it, it's your job, don't worry about asking us if we need another beer, we won't glare at you.
Like I said, great beer selection. I wasn't very impressed with the menu though. I wasn't sure how hungry I was, and ended up just getting an appetizer. But I did look over the entrees. NOT pleased with the very vegetarian unfriendly menu. there are a few options but i really felt limited in this area. i ended up getting the ricotta dumplings. Don't get me wrong, they were delicious. I just didn't feel like I got enough to justify the price. Maybe I just was feeling a bit salty that they were one of the only choices I had as a non-meat eater.
i'd like to come back and drink at the bar. But that's it.We stopped here for dinner before a show at the Fillmore. Good location and the service was so quick and friendly. We ordered a few apps to share for dinner: herb fries, pretzel bites, and margherita pizza. Everything was delicious. They give you a huge bowl of herb fries with mustard aioli and the pretzels were so good. Prices are great too!Great food and beer selection. I have been going to the sister restaurant Sidecar for years and was thrilled to hear about this spot when I moved to Fishtown. Try the French onion short rib sandwich. It's incredibleI dig the beer flight HH deal. The tastes for $7 were worth it, although the beer menu confused me. Only the left ones are available, so I was a bit disappointed due to wanting ones on the right hand side. 
The cheesesteak spring rolls were tasty, my dad liked his burger (but didn't love it), and my mom ate the margarita pizza. Not the best Flatbread we've had, but it was pleasing.
I'd probably go back for the atmosphere. Love the walls and steampunk feel. My dad remembers the bar that was there before this, and he was impressed with the improvements. There were children in the place too, which was pretty cool. I like that they allowed children in so the parents could get their fixes.
It's definitely worth the visit if in the hood.This place definitely did the trick last night. It was a friend's first night in town and we were looking for something low-key where we could walk in without a wait, eat good pub fare, and not pay too much. Their tap list is impressive and I tried both a blonde and wheat beer that I loved. Our party of three had to sit at a communal table, which was okay. I prefer separate tables, but it really wasn't too much of a bother.
Like others have said, the beer can chicken sandwich was a bit too soggy for the bun. They also didn't cut either sandwich we ordered in half (the chicken or the bahn mi), which was a small annoyance for eating, but again, nothing too terrible. Based on reviews, I got the french fries and they were pretty good. When my friend got the butter lettuce side salad though instead, I was a bit jealous. It looked really fresh and delicious. Her boyfriend ordered the ribs and was very happy with his choice.
The service here is fine, but nothing too special. The only real mishap is that we used two cards to pay (which they state is fine on their menu- you just can't split checks more than three ways) and our server mixed up the cards and the amounts going on them. When we pointed it out, he seemed annoyed that he had to fix the problem (and didn't apologize), which was a bummer. Regardless, it was a good overall experience and the food is definitely worth returning for. If I could change one thing, I would add a veggie burger or something similar to the menu. There is a falafel sandwich, but that's the only vegetarian option that I saw, which seems a bit lacking to me.Great place if you like a casual atmosphere (think industrial ... tools ...), good food, and great beer!  The bartenders are knowledgeable and are always willing to let you sample something new.  Their beer menu always has a large and interesting variety of brews and the best part is that they give you a look at what they will tap immediately after each beer gets kicked.  The last time I was there they had a few seasonals as well, which I always tend to like to try.
Food menu is awesome and they tend to change it up a few times per year.  They also have a specials food menu each day, which makes it fun to pair with new beers!  Oh, and if you're into cocktails, they offer a few specialty drinks on their menu that are worth a try.
If you're into growlers, they offer that too.  And the best part is that you can get a growler from *any* bar filled there (don't have to buy the growler from Kraftwork).
 I'd totally recommend this place!It's a shame that I have to knock this down from 5 stars to 1, but the service was absolutely awful the other night.  Rarely do I ever get up and leave a restaurant, but it happened.  I really hope this was an anomaly and not the direction this place is going.Best brunch menu in Fishtown, hands down.  Whenever I have friends or family visiting, I take them to Kraftwork at least once.  I raved about their brunch, but their regular menu is pretty great too.  I've had the bahn mi, the burger, pulled pork, mussels, falafel wrap, and more specials than I can remember, and I loved them all.  Try to go on a weekday for lunch and dinner, it's a lot less crowded.Great beer selection, very small menu.  The food I had was ok, but the service was a bit slow (both times I've gone), and as a vegetarian, my choices are super limited.  I'd love to see more of a menu in this great establishment.I like this place a lot. It's airy and open, nice decor. But of course, those things are secondary to what I'm there for. Craft beer, and a decent burger.
The beer is pretty hit or miss for me. The German influences to the menu seem to invite a lot more imported beers and local beers brewed in European styles that generally are not to my taste. That's fine, as there are usually a few decent American style crafts to try. Last time I went, they had Pliny the Elder ( and not much else I wanted to drink) so that was pretty telling that they are serious about their beer selection. 
Then there's the burger. Very nice. Good size patty, very nicely cooked to order. Seemingly zero danger of it being over/undercooked. Well seasoned and very little extraneous toppings unless by request. I may be in the minority in this, but I very much appreciate that. In fact, the standard burger is completely barebones, with nothing but lettuce and pickles on it. There are also two lists from which you can add toppings, one from each list free, and $.50 (I believe) for each additional. The lists are small but interesting enough. I like mine with the Grafton 2 yr cheddar (the pepper jack they use has to be the mildest I've ever tasted, a disappointment), carmelized onions and bacon if I'm in the mood. The rolls they use are light and soft enough that they don't mask the flavor of the meat, a quality that some restaurants forget (looking at you, Standard Tap!) Definitely rates as one of the better, probably one of the best gastropub burgers I've had.
The fries are not quite so great, but they're not terrible. They're very small, thin and short, a style I'm really not a fan of. I prefer a fry that is a bit more meaty, but then, that's a matter of taste. They are very nicely flavored with garlic and come with a mustard sauce that's flavorful but not overpowering. It's really not the flavor I don't love here because they are good, they're just more labor intensive to eat and vaguely less satisfying than they would be if they were a little more hefty.
This is a place I'd like to get to a little more often than I do.I used to have this dream of lying down underneath a whole row of taps and turning them all on full blast to literally loll around in BEER. 
Yes, I'm weird, but someone else MUST have thought this at least once, or why would Kraftwork have installed 24 draft lines and one full-time cask?  No bottles here, but world-class, rare, local and otherwise fly brews pouring all the time. 
If you're  a heartless type who don't find brew cool, the food is appealing uber-pub-grub -- a juicy burger you can dress with your choices of accoutrements like Grafton cheddar and bacon jam (!), plus charcuterie made in-house and a dessert Krispy treat that subs out pork rinds for puffed rice.  
There's 2 TVs to keep updated on the game without having your eyeballs seared by HD at every turn, and picnic-table style seating.  Bump elbows with your neighbors, maybe you'll make a friend, dudes.
(full disclosure:  One of my great girl friends is the hot brunette server, you know which one)Haven't written many reviews yet... but this place deserves one. I want to be careful to not be all like "best place EVAR" but it was definitely a completely enjoyable meal and experience. We went for our anniversary... low key I know... and wanted to just chill. Asked for suggestions and basically ordered what was suggested. Steak Spring rolls with foie gras "smear" (sauce on plate), wings, steak flat bread, and desserts. Cocktails were OK, beer was fantastic (pricey bottle to be sure), and server was perfect for us. (He resembled John Lennon!) Overall GREAT service, GREAT food... will definitely go back.If Local 44 and Standard Tap had a one night stand, Kraftwork would be the resultant illegimate offspring. It has the look of a cool gastropub with kitschy decorations in the bathroom and outside. 
I ordered the pretzel bites as an appetizer and the short rib sandwich, since it sounded good. The pretzel bite resembled baked bread bites, not pretzels. The dipping sauce was nice though. The short rib sandwich was actually the first I'd ever had. There wasn't a lot of flavor to the meat and the meat was kind of mushy. Since this visit, I've had two great tasting sandwiches, so I can honestly say this was the worst I've had so far. 
The beer selection was good, and varied.  The beer prices were a little high, given that Krafwork is in Fishtown, not Rittenhouse Square or "NoLibs".
The service was somewhat lacking. I went on an early Sunday evening. There weren't that many people. And yet it took forever to get my beers and a refill of my water.  I also had to wait a long time just to get my check.  My server didn't offer any apologies and appeared to be disinterested(like the Standard Tap servers).
The seating was the other weird thing about this place. There were two tables open, one that could seat 6 people, and one that could seat 4 people. I went to the 4 person table, but was told that I should sit at the 6 people table. I then proceeded to see a group of 2 and a group of 3 shooed away from this same table and directed elsewhere. If they wanted to reserve the table, they should have put a sign. I also ended up having a family sit at the same table as myself towards the end, which made for a somewhat uncomfortable situation. 
Maybe I went on an off night. But I"m not real motivated to trek out here again.Menu favorites:  PIEROGIES.  Just get them.  You will love them.  If you don't, give them to me.  I will love them.
The taco appetizer is also so great, full of flavor and generously-sized for an app. 
I can't comment on the rest of the menu, because every time I come here, I just get these two items.  They are that good.
Oh, and they have beer.  Beer flights.  Meh, I'd rather eat more pierogies.We were starving after a not so good brunch earlier today, so we stopped in for drinks and snacks. We got the deviled eggs, the Korean pork tacos, the pierogies, and the fries. 
The portion of fries was huge for a side order. The deviled eggs also were a good sized portion. They were my favorite of what I ordered. The Korean pork tacos were on the mild-medium side of spicy. I liked them, but my girlfriend wanted more heat. She really liked the pierogies, but I wasn't a huge fan. A few too many chives for my liking and not enough other flavor. 
Good beer list, great decor, and a really delicious looking set of hand-crafted cocktails. Bonus, decent music but not too loud. 
I wouldn't hesitate to return here.Oh my gentle Jesus this place is my fat girl heaven. I am in love with their pretzel bites with cheese. However, my absolute favorite is their burger. They some how manage to cook it perfectly on the outside and keep all of the flavor and juiciness on the inside. Amazing. Not much of a beer drinker but my inner circle seems to enjoy their tap list a great deal. I am a little too poor to come here all of the time but when I do have some extra cash to spare I like to make this my social rendezvous.I have been to this place twice for brunch and twice for dinner/drinks, and loved it every time. At brunch it's chill, never too crowded, with awesome food and substantial but not overwhelming portions. A thousand times better than many of the other (more popular) breakfast places I've been in Fishtown and NoLibs, and their biscuits could take on the dry, brick-like ones served at Honey's any day of the week. In fact, the biscuits alone are reason to go. My friends also loved their breakfasts (both sweet and savory offerings), and we tend to be picky foodie types.
It's a little more intense in the evening, because the tables (admittedly kind of uncomfortable) fill up and there isn't a lot of room to maneuver if you just want to hang and drink. But I've also found their dinner fare to be yummy. The pretzel bites leave you wanting more and I flipped over the eggplant parm sandwich that I had. Beer selection is yummy if a little pricey for the neighborhood.
Overall, a place I'd like to get to more often and worth the trip. I don't often write reviews but I like this place enough that I thought it was worth the praise. Go!Excellent place. Great beer selection. Must try the Cheese Steak and Foi Gras spring rolls.On the most essential details, having a great beer selection and food that rises above what you expect from a bar, Kraftwork nails it, just nails it. 
The beer can chicken sandwich ($11) comes with a heaping side of fries, is served succulent and full of flavors that I don't think they got just out of a chopped beer in can. 
The bacon jam for the burger ($11)  is unique and some serious umami excellence. Go for that at least once.
That said, there are several things that I think keep it from going to 5 stars. First, they have too many beers, this is my perception based on the difficulty of reading their spreadsheet menu. Each bit of data about a beer-Brewery, type, ABV, price by size, is included in its own cell. It's a cute idea, but in going here maybe three times it never becomes an easy way to pick a beer, both for myself and my friends. I think the rigid segmentation of a selection into discreet data points makes it hard to see a single row as one option.
Also, they have interesting-sounding cocktails that I would love to try, but I'm not interested in paying 12 or so bucks for a whiskey cocktail made with Old Grandad.I went to Kraftwork sunday night to try their Donner Kabob. I had first been turned on to Donner Kabob at Brauhaus Schmitz, and have really gotten to like it. Unfortunately, Brauhaus Schmitz only serves this dish on weekends during the Bundesleague (sp?) soccer games on TV there. If you go after 6PM, you're SOL. 
A bartender there told me about Kraftwork, and informed me that they served Donner Kabob all the time. 
I really like the atmosphere at Kraftwork. Very unique and visually stimulating. As other reviewers here have noted, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The crowd seemed kind of young and white-collar, but everyone seemed cool. 
I ordered the Donner Kabob with French Fries as a side. The fries were amazing. I've never tasted fries as good as that. I asked the guy tending, and he informed me that they had fresh dried herbs on them. The Donner Kabob was OK, but not nearly as good as the ones at Brauhaus Schmitz. 
I wouldn't hesitate to come back here. The Donner Kabob might have been so so, but I would be more than willing to try other dishes here. The people were nice, the place seems clean and well managed, and the atmosphere there is awesome. It's a cool spot to stop for a bite to eat or have a drink and hang out.Went here for dinner and was unimpressed by the food and the pretty limited menu, however I returned for brunch a few weeks later and I was blown away! I got the meat quiche along with their potato hash. OMG! I also had a great "frenchy" mimosa as well. I'll probably be back for dinner to try something else, to give them a chance to redeem themselves, but I know I will definitely be back for brunch!This place needs a few extra stars. Five is not enough. Awesome beer selection, great food and excellent service every time I've been there. I see this as the gold standard in the area and don't understand why I don't go there more.No, not the German Krautrock band. Great space with rustic, carved metal bar.  The beer can chicken sandwich is probably the best bar sandwich experience I've had this year. Tender chicken covered in long hots and sharp provolone with a side of spicy coleslaw.  Also go for the garlic herb fries. Great casual bohemian vibe, reminds me of San Francisco or Portland for some reason.This is the place I have been waiting for. Brilliant tap,great menu and it delivers really good food. had the cold beet soup and falafel some wonderful beers nice atmosphere really I could not ask for more. Honestly it is dangerous to have this place walking distance from my house. For the quality of what I had prices were more than reasonable. I foresee being a regular.Solid food. That beer can chicken sandwich is absolutely delicious. The beer selection is incredible too.My favorite neighborhood bar - the Dirty Dozen Happy Hour can not be beat.  1/2 price selected drafts, Sun-Thurs from 10-midnight.  Of GOOD beer.  
The staff is super friendly and great on recommending things.awesome food and great beer. can't go wrong with this place. the only problem is its a little small so it can get pretty crowded at certain times but thats fishtown for you.Spectacular brunch in Philadelphia, The biscuits, sausage, omelets and sandwiches were sublime. They also make a legit bloody mary.Been here about 4 times and never really had a meal that was great. Not really even good. Bloodys are too spicy.  Meals look ok but not that good. Beer is great so I guess it's a great place to drink only!MY FAVORITE!!! I can not say enough about how wonderful Kraftwork is - you must give it a try for yourself! The staff are amazing, friendly, and VERY knowledgeable of beer and food offered. The beer selection is one of the best I have come across. Perfect for a quick beer and appetizer, brunch or dinner.  Their brunch is one of the best in town - you can always get a table and doesn't matter if 2 or 8 people, they will do their best to accommodate you and your party. Stop in and give them a try.Small menu, big portions. I wish they had more menu items because everything they have is awesome. Only did brunch there once, but a big fan of lunch/dinner. I love how the draught beer list is set up. I'm not a hop head, in fact I hate that term. It's a beer. I'm gonna drink it, it's not gonna drink me. That said, when I feel like trying something I hate asking questions. The menu spells it all out for you for what they have and its replacement. How easy is that? I usually order a pint and ask for a sample of something. I hated giving multiple dames of beer as a bartender. They have never given me grief about my odd approach to ordering a pint of something I like and a sample of something I think I might. When the bartenders ask me if I like different selections, they generally give informative feedback. Very welcoming place to the beer dinosaur I've become.I have to say that the food has been consistently good here, but service time is consistently slow.  Can't go here if you want to be in and out in an hour...and lunchtime DEFINITELY needs to be less than an hour...Food...Fantastic.  Service...SLOWI didn't dig it at first but after 7 Jamison doubles, it grow on me, my wife and I shared a bowl of roasted garlic French fries which were amazing, we just sat outside on a cool day watching the world go by,and after it was all said and done the bill wasn't badI had lunch with a friend at Kraftwork today and everything was delicious as always. I live very close so this was not my first time at Kraftwork. The beer selection is very diverse.  I ALWAYS get the French onion short rib sandwich. It tastes like French onion soup on a bun. The ciabatta bun provides the sandwich with a great amount of crunch and the herbed fries are a great side.  Everyone is super friendly and knowledgeable about the beer and food selections. Definitely a great place to take friends or family for a night out or a sit down dinner.I hit up Kraftwork on many a nights when the wifey is at work. I dig the  samplers, $10 gets you four eight ounce beers, take advantage and load up on the pricey ones. If your lucky, the guys from Milkcrate are spinning some nice background music, not too loud for you to talk, that deserves 5 stars right there. The food is pretty good, standard gastropub type. They have TV's and the bar is suitable for people watching.Had brunch here today. My son and  his girlfriend just moved up the street.  The food was delicious and the service was great. Very warm atmosphere. The brunch menu had so many selections it was hard to chose. I had the Huevos Rancheros with potatoes...delicious. The beans had a really nice smokey flavor.  My son had the Chili Rellanos ( a brunch special) and tried the biscuits and sausage gravy.  The steak inside the chili was tender, flavorful and delicious and I've never tried better sausage gravy.  My son's GF had some amazing looking brioche French toast. My bloody mary was XTRA spicy but really good. They have a nice selection of beers too.  I'd love to try dinner here and will  be back for brunch.Started here for Philly Beer Week 2010. Decided to go with the Kraftwork Burger... Grilled to a perfect medium rare. I ordered it with 2yr Grafton Cheddar Cheese and the bacon onion jam. Comes with toasted herb garlic fries. Burger was great, I was told that the beef is ground in house. 
As for beer, I started with an Ommengang Witbier and then a Petus "something...?" I forget which one.I'm not sure why so many people feel the need to comment on the amount of "hipsters" that frequent this bar... who cares who the customers are as long as the food, drinks & service are on point? That being said... this bar is fantastic. Why? Tons of *free* parking, great beer (I drink whiskey, but friends drink beer), at least 25 craft beers on tap at all times along with the old stand by, PBR. They have a great menu with plenty of options for everyone in your party... burgers, sandwiches, flat breads, salads, etc. To top it off, they offer awesome brunch selections on Saturdays & Sundays. I love that I can go to Kraftwork on a friday night with a bunch of friends and then return on Sunday with my parents for brunch. To top it off, the service is always great! From the servers to the bartenders, bar backs, etc. everyone is super friendly and helpful.. I'm a server so I truly appreciate the outstanding service and I will continue to bring everyone I know here!UPDATE:
Things have changed for the better. 
Menu's changed a bit and it's delicious. 
Servers are friendly, know their beers well, and are very happy to assist with beer choices. Service is attentive and quick. 
Still gets a little crowded, but now that the food's improved, I can accept bumping elbows with my neighbors.
Try the charcuterie board - it's enough to share.Okay, so I accidentally had a magical evening here again. It wasn't my fault, I really didn't intend to waste any time here after the most recent icky experiences.
But then, my friends, when picking a place to meet up in Fishtown, said "Hey, I'm working a little late, but let's get a drink after. See you at KW at 7." I hesitated, shrugged, and acquiesced. I figured, hey, it must still be the neighborhood standby, for lack of anything else. And that night it was fine. We sat outside, it was like old times, and caught up. I got the pretzels, just because. They were as good as they used to be, no heavy gnawing required. The grudge started to ease.
And then the next night, with more friends, hungry and looking for some dinner before the drive out to Kennett Square, I found myself dragged back, yet again, to Kraftwork.
And this is what I had missed: tons of friends and delicious food and great beers (it scares me that I recognize fewer and fewer on the list, however). Awesome servers hanging out with my friends who clearly know them well. Warm and cozy and happy, like 2012 had never even ended. We had a second round. I wasn't expecting us to actually make it to our next destination. 
Whether my previous 4-5 depressing visits in a row were lull of awesomeness or my own bad luck to come in on intermittent crappy days, I don't know. But I figured I should update this review to be a fair and ethical yelper.Really was a good burger, pretty reasonable price for the tastiness of the food and value of service.Came here with a group of friends for Sunday brunch. The hostess said our entire group needed to be present before we can be seated, which is reasonable. Then she suggested we buy drinks and go stand in the back near the restrooms. We didn't want to stand there so put our names down for a table and went to grab drinks at the bar, like you do at any normal restaurant when you're waiting for your table.
After we ordered the bartender told us we would have to move if someone wanted our seats. He also refused to serve our friend who came in later because he knew we were waiting for a table.
Arrogant unfriendly staff = unpleasant experienceFood = 4.5 Stars
Beer Menu = 4.5 Stars
Atmosphere = 4.5 Stars
Service = 5 Stars
GENIUS! If you like draft beer, you have to try Kraftwork. They have 25 beers on tap at all times, and have a really great selection. The food was pretty awesome.. I've been jonesing for a good burger, and Kraftwork's was excellent. My lady had the beer can sammich, which was also great. Here's a few suggestions based on what we ordered.
Olive and Bacon Flatbread = It was a special, but it was amazing. I'd recommend getting it as an appy to share while you wait for....
The Burger = Really, really effin good. Try it with cheddar and bacon onion jam. That's right... bacon.onion.JAM.
Beer Can Chicken Sandwich = Really good. It comes with this sweet slaw, and I usually abhor slaw, but grab some of that slaw, and throw it on the sandwich. Without the slaw, it is still good. With the slaw, its unearthly.
Caramel Strawberry Desert = It was also on the specials menu, but my god it was amazing. Caramel + Strawberries + Mint + Sea Salt. OMGOMGOMG
The atmosphere was pretty cool, everything had like a factory, schematic, tools and machinery theme. Daylight pours in from multiple directions, and the tables are nice and large for all the food and beer you will be consuming. Last but not least, our server was amazing. I'll be back.Great beers. Great burgers (amazing, actually). Walking distance to the bar/music venue Johnny Brenda's. Great pre-concert dinner!!Decor and draft list are excellent but our table of 4 echoed the same sentiment about the food. Meh. Maybe we should have just ordered a burger because the burgers get raves but that is not the case for the sausage roll, korean pork taco or french onion soup short rib sandwich. I had the Korean pork tacos & there were Zero Korean flavor profiles in the taco and the flavor of the meat was off putting. I wanted to love this place but it just wasn't good.Kraftwork continues to amaze me!
Not only did they add a few items to their menu, they also updated their cocktail list.
PLEASE do yourself a favor and get the cheesesteak foie gras spring rolls, they won't disappoint. Yes, I did say fois gras and spring roll in the same sentence! Crispy outside, tender meat and gooey cheese on the inside, accompanied by a velvety foie gras spread and spicy pepper relish. If you go between 4-6 Monday thru Friday, you can get them for only 7$!!  
For 7$ as well, you can order a house crafted cocktail. I opted for the 'hop to it' with hop infused vodka, soda, lemon and simple syrup. It was so refreshing and bitter, combining exactly what I like about a hoppy beer with a hint of sweetness from the simple syrup.
Hell yeah Kraftwork- keep rocking it out!The salads and main courses are better than the sandwiches - a little pricier than Johnny Brenda's, though.BIG fan of this place now.  Don't go judging me as some sort of trendy hipster, either! I'm neither trendy or skinny.  So there.
I decided to try this place out a bunch before finally stepping up to the mic here.  Today's lunch experience has me in a food mood that's plenty mellow, let me tell ya.
Ive had a decent burger here.  The fries are crazy good with rosmary and garlic.  I had the trout BLT and admit that's the weakest part of my 5 or 6 visits.  The cheese board is more than it looks like and I often help a friend with hers while I'm there and it's really very impressive.  Today I had the short rib sandwich and it was incredible.
The beers are always great and the staff smart and generous with helpful suggestions if you just tell them what type of beer you're interested in.  I tried choosing for myself the first time, but most of their stuff is not familiar and they have different drafts all the time.  I was disappointed the first time but have since learned to just say what I like about beer and every time they've delivered a super delicious experience.
This review might've been better composed if I wasn't still on that afternoon beer buzz that makes me think it's nappy time.  Trust me though, this isnt a one-timer food-high praise parade.  Ive been here lots to be sure.  This is up there as a major destination in the area.At first I was put off by this place, and the only reason iI went there was for the beer selection.  But every adjustment to the menu they made complements my interest in tasting things. At my last visit I had the truffled deviled eggs with and a BFM - biere de garde (on tap). The best thing about their beer menu is that it is accessible to all beer loving people; it provides the beer enthusiast with data necessary to hone onto the beer you desire.  Go here to taste things!Delicious food,  great service and outstanding beer.  It can get a little loud in the restaurant for my taste, but everything else balances it out.Great beer selection and the food is solid good bar food. Always nice to hang out here.Kraftwork, where would I be without you? Hungry, that's where I'd be. Kraftwork has established itself as one of my favorite brunch spots in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties areas. I'm a simple man and stick with the Kraftwork breakfast which entails eggs, meat, potatoes, and toast but I go all out with their incredible Bloody Mary. That, my friends, is the best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Thick, spicy, and comes with all the fixings! The staff can be a little irritable at times and will often put up a fight if you attempt to split the bill with a large party. On weekends, this place gets packed so, be ready to wait at least 30-45 minutes before getting seated for brunch on a Sunday!Nice relaxed place to  enjoy a bite to eat and a couple beers. The beer menu is perfect in my opinion, nice selection without being overwhelming. Our bartender, Lizzy, was friendly, helpful and attentive. A number of people seemed to be enjoying themselves, but you could still comfortably hold a conversation. Nice place to relax.Pricey, but the food is good.  Great beer list.Been going here for about 3 years now and they are still on the top of my G.O.A.T lists. After all these years they finally heard my prayers and added wings to their menu! Great addition! Love the service and staff. Shout out to my bartenders that always take care of my girlfriend and I! Even though I moved out of the city I always try and make it over to the guys at Kraftwork! As always, keep up the great work guys!Stumbled onto this place while heading to Johnny Brenda's. Awesome craft beer selections. Food was very good. Garlic and herb fries were my favorite. The bartenders were friendly and helpful. They were eager to let us try some beers. The interior is really well done. This place is well worth a visit. I look forward to going back.Came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon around 2PM. The place has a cool workshop theme going on, with a giant saw hanging over the bar with a wide draft beer selection. Both service and food were pretty good, but there were a few cons that is keeping this place from being 5 stars. 
Service: 
They were very accommodating of our large group, and did their best to seat us comfortably. . They were quick to serve us water and hand us our menus. 
Con: After we sat with our menus for about 10 minutes, they came over to notify us that only the brunch side of the menu was available. Too bad most of us had already decided what we were ordering....from the wrong side. 
Food:
Most of us ordered the kraft burger, which came with optional additional toppings. If you don't get toppings, the burger will be pretty boring. However, add the cheese and some carmelized onions and peppers, and BOOM - you got yourself a juicy gourmet burger. 
Con: Breakfast options are pretty bland, and some of the options had very small portions. Salmon Rosi was pretty much 2 bites. 
Overall, an awesome place for burgers and beer, but not much else.Beer selection is top notch. Beer can chicken is killer. Service was Smooth. Only reason to travel north towards kensington for beer in my opinion. If you didn't spend all your loot on pricey bowling and or noise in NL, check it out. Fish town is lucky to get this GEM. Salame.Big, big fan of the vibe in this place.
Kraftwork supplies you with a hip place to eat and drink quality food and beverage without aura of pretension. The waiter knew it all, but was not a know­it­all; educating our group of naive beer drinkers. He also brought over a burger that was excellently krafted.
The industrial interior and low­lighting made for a cool setting, and communal­ish seating encouraged inter­party mingling. It really felt like a hangout for the people of Fishtown/NoLibs. I know I would be a frequent flyer if I lived in that area; the establishment fits its neighborhood perfectly.I've now put Kraftwork on my shortlist!  A friend was in from out of town and we were set on finding a stellar burger some place we haven't been to already.  Without venturing to center city in the 15° weather, and based upon a recommendation (and the great burger photos on yelp!), we took a cab to Kraftwork and arrived around 7:30pm on a Saturday.  This place was packed so the wait was about a half hour.
While my buddy and I waited for our table, we had plenty of time to stand around and try a few different beers - all of great quality and really hitting the "craft" beer variety.  The bar tender, who's name I believe was Victoria, was a shining star in a cluttered and hustled environment.  Service and personal attention was exceptional the whole night.  We managed to find a couple stools at the bar while we waiting for a proper table and ordered a snack.  People sitting to our left and right, outside sharing a smoke with and waiting in line at the restroom were all pretty awesome.  There's good peeps hangin out here!  The guy sitting next to me ordered the cheese plate he claims to drive to Kraftwork for every week.  When our party became three instead of two, the only commotion was to verify with the staff that they knew to fit us all in.
The three of us managed to sit down around 8pm and the server was over immediately to refresh our drinks and provide menus.  A few hours after deciding to try the Kraftwork Burger, we were finally blessed with bringing this jaw dropper to our lips.  While not the absolute supreme of all burgers, it's easily in my personal top five.  I think the only other item on the table was the clam chowder which was probably the best I've ever had.  Again, attention to our needs, drinks, the check, etc were all exceptional even with a fully packed house.  I already want to go back again this weekend.Writing this review was REALLY hard. Kraftwork not only has amazing beer, but their food selection and quality is really good. Their atmosphere is a little crowded, and less than satisfactory. Even when they are not busy I could be sitting at the bar for ten minutes without a hello. I am a pretty polite person, so I look to make eye contact or or chime in with an "Excuse me!" but when I am looked at several times without any attention, when there is not much for business, it is a little hard to swallow. The prices are pretty high, although I appreciate that for the amazing selection they have.  And I do not mind paying a higher premium for a nice selection of beer.
However, the last time I went in I paid $17 for a growler and walked out and discovered in the sunlight that it was only a quarter of the way full! First off...$17?
Yikes...but I guess I was willing to pay it. That's a tough one when you can head over to yards or PBC and get one filled for $8...regardless...they emptied it out and replaced my beer, but still, I was hoping for at least a little bit of an incentive.
Very hip, very pretentious, and not overly friendly. But it can be a good place to grab a quick beer. I will be back of course.pretty darn tasty stuff. last time i got the shortrib sandwich and was blown away!The beer selection at Kraftwork is amazing (25 beers on tap), and the food is delicious! I went once for brunch and had eggs benedict with potato hash and fruit salad. I loved the potato hash, and the fruit salad was really fresh. I also went for dinner more recently and had pretzel bites and vegetable flatbread. I didn't love the pretzel bites -- they were sort of greasy and the cheese sauce didn't have much of a taste. But the veggie flatbread (tomatoes, summer squash, onions, goat cheese) was great. My only complaint is that the dinner menu isn't huge. The veggie flatbread was on the specials menu and nothing was really jumping out at me on the regular menu. 
The industrial look is really cool and unique. And the staff is friendly and helpful -- they're good about recommending beers and letting you taste something before ordering it.I cannot say how much I appreciated the staff here.  Over the top service (and not in an annoying of pushy way), just friendly and helpful.  The hostess, the bartenders our waiter all great.  On a night the place was packed!  I had a burger - very tasty but a bit messy.  Delicious fries.  There are places that I like the food, but service can be a pain - not kraftwork, the staff rocks.I hate giving Kraftworks a bad review but I've been here multiple times, and it seems to get worse and worse with each visit.
This past sunday my boyfriend and I took his brother and fiancée here for brunch. It was our first time for brunch and were really looking forward to the meal. We got there around 11:30 and were told it would be a 15 minute wait... Fine except it was more like 30/40 minute wait. When we were finally able to sit, two tables were being cleared, a corner private 4 top table and a table with 2 patrons already seated. After requesting the private table we were sat at the cramped shared table. Fine. I ordered the eggs Benedict and my boyfriend the Philly style omelet. They must ration the hollandaise bc it was almost non existent and I ended up dipping my eggs in the also sparse ketchup. BUT what pushed the experience from crappy to never going back for brunch again was the nice big piece of scotch tape that was cooked into the egg of my boyfriends omelet. A nice label stating 3-25 burger... (at least I know they date and label things in the kitchen) Working in kitchens I know his meal should have been compt, instead we were brought a free muffin and still charged for his meal.
I will never go back for anything other than a beer and fries and only because of the convenience of this bar being so close. The new chef needs to step it up and get his line in shape.Kraftwork is one of the most wonderful bars in my neighborhood, I honestly go to it so much that I need to force myself to take a break so I don't spend all my money.  Dinner and brunch here are all equally amazing.  I prefer to sit at the bar when I go here and the bartenders are great.
I love the beers, the food, the service and I love the beer events that I have had the pleasure to attend in the past. I love your Hazelnut salad, and your flatbreads.  I also love that there is outdoor seating, the only downside is that trashcan on the corner during the hot hot summer, but it's likely the only trashcan in a 20 block radius so I understand.  I really wish Philly had more public trash cans, seriously.  I LOVE YOU KRAFTWORK!Great food, nice trendy warm industrial decor, lively ambiance.  Bahn Mi is delicious, Pretzel Bites, fries, and Short Rib sandwich are on point.  Kid friendly too!i have eaten there only one time i thought the food was good a little pricy, buit i have no complaints  the service was good didn't have to wait long for my food i would Recommend this place to my friends if you want to come to Fish-town to try it out.I recently went here with several people.  It was PACKED and we had resort to eating at the bar, but that's really my only complaint.
Beer?  Excellent.
Food?  Fancy pub grub.  Its good and they don't skimp with the portions.
People?  Nice mix.  We liked our server and none of our fellow patrons rubbed us the wrong way.
We'll totally be coming back.A haiku for yesterday's soup:
seasonal beet soup
you were a rothko painting
of nutrition.mmmmm.The beet salad is probably the most delicious salad ever. It is also a huge portion so can split into 2 meals or good for sharing.our first nite dinner in philly!! great ambiance, definitely a locals hang...good selection of brews including sours...i had an excellent cocktail w bitters...mmmm...my son got a sampler of brews, including a couple sours....mmmmm....we had a banh mi, a pork sandwich and a chicken sandwich....all were good but the banh mi was exceptional...each had a side salad and fries....great start to a wedding week in philly!!I live for their beet salad! Their fried goat cheese balls, seeds and red wine vinaigrette pair perfectly with their seasoned beets and arugula. Have had this salad at least three times and it is so amazing I can't order anything else here. 
Their decorations are also very fun! Everything is gear themed with their tables to bathroom fixtures as gears and tool shaped. They also have a large beer selection but have only been here for lunches so haven't had time to try out their wide selection.A friend of mine told me I pretty much had to come here and try the Beer Can Chicken.  So I did.  And I was not disappointed.  We pulled up to the bar and ordered a couple of Beers which the friendly bartenders were all too happy to answer any and all questions about.  They weren't pushy with the beers either, they had suggestions if you asked for them, but otherwise they would serve them up as ordered.   
We ordered the Truffled Deviled Eggs as a starter, and they were quite tasty.  Really great mustardy flavor!  They also came with a nice pile of of what I can only assume is home made waffle chips and some beet salad, which we ignored, because beets frighten us thanks to Dwight Schrute.  The big star though was my juicy and delicious Beer Can Chicken sandwich.  They use PBR to marinate the chicken and serve it up on a nice brioche bun with sharp provolone (and long hots, but I opted out of them).  The chicken is DELICIOUS!  I'm pretty sure this is better than the traditional Philly Roast Pork.  I would actually be interested to taste it with some Broccoli Rabe to truly compare, but the meat is so big and flavorful here that I fear it would be no contest.  The plate also had about 50 metric tons of delicious thin cut fries on it.  I was only able to eat about 40% of them before I threw in the towel.  There was a kind of sweet mustard on the side as well which I put on my sandwich and used for my fries.  It was kind of like a honey flavored mustard that was not honey mustard is the best way I can explain it.
My buddy was also pleased with his Margherita Pizza, which he wished had a little more cheese on it, but otherwise was great.
Go try this place, you cant beat it for the value, the beer selection, and the assorted crazy crap on the walls (giant saw, wrench, an anvil at the bar, etc etc.) make for an all around great atmosphere.This is a late review that I forgot to post over a year ago, but better late than never:
I heard of Kraftwork on Reddit in a thread that gave some suggestions on good places to get craft beers. I've lived 20 minutes from Philly my entire life, but had never ventured into Fishtown (that I recall) so when I drove in, I was a little iffy on the location. There are some areas that you drive through that aren't the nicest, but the area where Kraftwork is located actually seems like a really cool place. Very hipster. I went with my boyfriend and our two friends. We were all EXTREMELY satisfied with the food and service.
The menu has some different selections. I got the beer can chicken sandwhich, which was superb. After tasting my boyfriend's burger, however, I have to say that the burger is the first thing you have to try when you go here. The beer selection is great. We got a few flights for the table. The table next to us was a bigger party of about 10-12 people or so and they ordered a sample of every beer and lined them up down their table (25 selections on tap at any time)... so that was pretty cool, and something I'd recommend for bigger groups that are mostly comprised of beer drinkers.
The decor inside is pretty industrial and gives the place a really cool feel. A little noisy, but not to the point where you're screaming over each other. The waiter just needed to bend down a bit to make himself heard.
The service was great. We actually sparked up a conversation with the couple next to us who asked us how we had heard of the place. They were surprised to hear that 3/4 of us (not me) had driven an hour or so to give the place a try. When we asked how they had heard of the place (they seemed to be familiar with the menu so we assumed they were regulars), the guy said he was actually one of the owners. After they got up to leave, they went and spoke to a few of the waiters for a bit (I assumed to just shoot the breeze since they obviously knew them)... after they waved bye to us and walked out the door, the waiter came over and said our bill was taken care of! We were shocked and extremely grateful and a little bummed that we couldn't thank him ourselves.
Hopefully we will run into him when we come back and get to thank him. For now, all I can say is try this place out! You won't be disappointed!! There's also a nice little bar down the road that we walked to after eating called Interstate Draft House.Was here for the first time back in March. Loved the beer list. Love. Very busy. Getting a spot at the bar doesn't come easy, but getting a table didn't prove difficult. For food I had a burger topped with Gruyere and fried egg. It was cooked perfectly, the beef was tasty and the egg was perfect. Amazing flavors when combined with my imperial porter. 
Place was loud but chill. Service was laid back and down to earth. The server talked to you like you were his buddy or he had seen you 100 times before. Pretty cool place. Lots of metalwork detail as part of the interior/décor. Prices are respectable and street parking isn't too hard to come by.  
Went here again back as a stop on the Craft Beer Express and despite the influx of drunks, the barstaff stayed cool and on top of the volume.How has it taken me so long to get to Kraftwork? Beats me.
I like it here. I don't LOVE it, but I like it. Great beer selection, the staff is nice, the food is good.
Something I don't like, however, is the seating situation. The tables are kind of uncomfortable. On one side, you have a picnic-style bench. No back. Dislike. On the other side, you have a long wooden bench along the wall, so there is a back. Still, oddly uncomfortable.
 I doubt I'd come here to sit down for a meal, but I'd gladly return for a seat at the bar.My boyfriend and I came into Kraftwork for a late lunch after a long day of painting, needless to say we did not look our best, lol, anyway, there was a short blonde woman tending the bar & serving food. She had a major attitude issue, im not sure if she was having a bad day, but after she took our drink order, she proceeded to go back into the kitchen area and yell & scream curse words, f this, f that, this is f'in bullsh*t!!! so loud that all of the patrons including us could clearly hear her! this kind of behavior is truly unprofessional and quite classless of her not only as a bartender but as a woman, as a former bartender myself, if you are having a sh*tty day, STAY HOME!! or if you don't like your job, quit! simple as that, my boyfriend and I are both highly respected business owners, & we have never witnessed this kind of deplorable behavior at any establishment we have dined. The food tasted much better than her attitude, do yourselves a favor & skip this place for lunch..Great food, great beer, great atmosphere...it's all deadly...perfect go to spot for a good meal and some booze if you live nearby.Solid showing from this place the other day.  Wife and I went out to grab a beer and some food and I wanted to get a little further out than our norms.. so we went here. Burgers were fantastic actually.. really pleasantly surprised.  Bartenders were great.. had some fun quoting trading places which was on the TV, and had some good drafts.  Definitely dig this place.  Not crowded also, which is now what i prefer!Lot of craft beers so it's not just a witty name.
Sit at the long tables or pull a seat up at the bar.  They have servers who are pretty educated on the beer in case the menu overwhelms you.
They have food but we just drank. It's in a random part of the city but worth making the trek.Visited this jem via yelp. Had the pork belly sandwich excellent. I had to check out the branch on sunday my girlfriend had a soft shell crab egg benadict. Wow... friendly staff everything you can ask for and more in a gastrio pubI thought I had carefully done my research to ensure that my 100th review as a Yelper would be a solid 5...oh well :( 
This place has all the ingredients I usually require to love a place. Great/extensive beer list? Check.  Interesting Menu? Check.  Cool vibe? Check. Good service? Check. But somehow they lack the little extra oomph that  would make me want to come back. 
We were there around 1:30 and I was really pumped to try out some of their sandwiches but I was told they only serve brunch until 3. Total bummer, but whatever. The waitress recommended the special ratatouille eggs benedict on puff pastry. I sounded like it should be awesome but it was an incredibly small serving size. Not quite sure where they found chickens to lay such small eggs. Additionally the puff pastry was cracker sized and literally had no puff. A couple pieces of zucchini does not really qualify it as ratatouille either. 
My husband had the burger which was good and cooked well but once again nothing really about it was amazing. 
Yes,  the beer was awesome. But it was hella expensive. I have never paid $9.00 for a goblet of beer in my life until here. 
Philly has such an extensive beer scene that I don't know if anything about this place will bring me back.Everything about this place is amazing. Great food, fun stuff, chill atmosphere. I have never been disappointed by anything I've ordered, and my new favorite is the Mediterranean platter. Great spot for a rainy day beer or a Sunday brunch without a wait.Me and my friends wanted to try a new place. So we stopped by on a Sunday afternoon. The place looked amazing coming in. Love the cool interior all around. We got seated right away. We ordered cheesesteak rolls for appetizers which were delicious. The waiter checked on us and we were ready to order the main dish. One friend got the ribs and my other friend and I got the chicken sandwhich with fries. The food didnt take long. Soon as we seen our plates we were very excited bc it not only smelled good it looked good. We should have shared bc it was so much food. In the end we order a dessert which was some sort of chocolate melt cake with peanut butter icecream. Wish we would have ordered two. It was so delicious. I will come again for food and drinks. Thanks againWhat a gem of a place. Where to even start? 
I'm pretty sure I finally feel compelled to review Kraftwork in lieu of the opening of a certain restauranteur's version of a gastropub/beer garden down the way. If any of you are fooled and would rather spend your dollars at Frankford Hall, shame on you, you don't deserve to have a true blue place like Kraftwork in your increasingly white bred neighborhood.
Awesome food, awesome beer selection, awesome staff. I started going to Kraftwork last summer when I moved to Port Richmond from NY, and they made me feel immediately at home. Not only have I met awesome people at the bar that are still my close friends a year later, but by my third visit I was already recognized and greeted warmly by the staff- something that is so severely lacking in NY at even my favorite local spots.
The decor is inspired- someone worked really hard on making this place look as great as it does. Everything from the car rear view mirrors in the bathrooms to the textured brick walls to the gigantic saw that hangs over the bar to the gorgeous wood bar itself and the matching stools has the touch of a master carpenter and aesthete.
They are very conscious about serving up local, seasonal dishes, from hearty hanger steaks and squash soup in the winter, to softshell crabs, ramps and fiddlehead ferns in the spring. Their core menu is a good mix of pubfare while their specials usually push a little beyond the reach of what you would expect from a little gastro. 
Their extensive beer list changes all the time, and they let you know about all the kegs that are on deck so there's always something I know I need to come back for.
Their cocktail offerings are a profound cut above what you would expect from a beer bar- usually places like this punish you for not picking a brew by offering little else, but Christian, one of their bartenders and head of the Philadelphia Bartender's Guild, has created an innovative cocktail menu that always tempts me even when I come in in the mood for beer.
A few more important factors; the kitchen serves until 1am every night no matter what, they have growlers to go (and if you already have the glassware from somewhere else you can use that!) and they offer an "in the biz" discount for anyone who works in a restaurant. And did I mention the house made Parmesan flan on their cheese plate? Or the awesome reggae DJs? 
Go there.Let me say that was one of the worst breakfasts I've had the displeasure of partially consuming. Breakfast flatbread had a cardboard-like consistency. Potato pancakes were way over-salted, and the lox may have been a remnant of the original settlers of Fishtown. Scrapple was undercooked, and they couldn't even get eggs over easy right - the plate was a pool of uncooked egg whites. Unfortunately, it was early enough in the day that I hadn't first consumed any overpriced hipster beer to drown my disappointment.Staff=know lots about beer and know everything about the beer they serve.  Just tell them what you like, what you don't like, and maybe even your favorite movie and they can pick out three or four beers for you.  Above all they are friendly and take pride in what they do. 
Food=Really, really solid.  The mussels are always great, the hazelnut salad is so, so, so good and the pirogies are light, fluffy, and tasty.  The burger is always good but I must say my standard for awesome burgers is Village Whiskey.  Kraftwork's burger is delicious and does come close to VW's.  The beer can chicken is definitely one of my go-to's as are the pretzel bites, BL Trout, and Korean Tacos (which can go terribly wrong but, not here).  
Drinks=There really aren't words to explain how awesome it is to have a beer list that's 25 beers long, all the time!  And the beers are always changing.  And the beers are awesome-there's something for everyone, really.  I kid you not. There are also some solid cocktails if you happen to be with some non-beer drinkers.    
-Added bonus=Growlers are cheap to fill out and cheap to buy.  They are also nice to look at.Excellent beer list with bartenders that really know what they are talking about and who make great recommendations!
Besides the bar/restaurant being a bit small the atmosphere and decor are amazing - I have never had a meal hear that I didn't enjoy and I can't wait to go back to get one of the ever changing specials!We decided to go there because the kitchen was open until 1 on a Thursday night.  Once there we found out about their late night happy hour (10-12) on Thursdays I believe.   A pint of their select beers was 1/2 price. Excellent selection of beers.  I ordered the falafel wrap and it was one of the better falafel concoctions I've had.  The fries and dip were fresh and delicious. Our service was excellent.  A good first  experience & well definitely be returning. 32$ well worth spentLet me start out with the positives: the brunch menu looked great (came in on a Wednesday so I didn't have the opportunity to order) and the ambience was pretty neat. But that's pretty much it.
I ordered a burger and some toppings. Didn't get a beverage besides water. First of all, the service was absolutely horrible. The waitress was very lackadaisical and didn't really seem to care about giving us proper service. She was very young and responded to our orders without much enthusiasm. We had to get up from our table twice for napkins and our check because she seemed more preoccupied with chatting with people at the bar and had her back to us the entire time we were eating. She didn't even bother checking in on us to make sure everything was as it should be, which it wasn't. I ordered a certain topping and when I pointed out that I didn't get it, she stared blankly and said "You didn't order that" and when I assured that I did, she turned away and mumbled a sorry so I got a clear view of the back of her head as she apologized.
The food was mediocre at best. My burger's meat was cooked properly but lacked flavor and depth. The buns were soggy and falling apart, not to mention there was way too much bread for the meat provided. Toppings were mediocre because I barely received any, despite that you have to pay an extra dollar per topping. The cheese was crumbly and maybe it's just my personal preference but it was not satisfying. The fries were far too salty to really enjoy.
I never leave my plate with tons of food on it left but I think I got maybe halfway through my burger and gave up because of the lack of flavor and structural integrity. Definitely would not go back there again for lunch or dinner.I went with a friend during the week during their BOGO 50% off sandwich deal. The first thing I wanted to comment on was the fact that the service was incredibly slow. This was only because the restaurant had only ONE server/bartender/hostess. The waitress was obviously overwhelmed with 6 tables (both inside and out) and 4 parties (each of at least 2 people), having to take their orders, bring their beverages, etc. I saw numerous employees who would walk through the restaurant toward the back, or even go into the bar area, but didn't even lend a hand. Food wise, I ordered the Shrimp and crab po'boy, while my friend ordered the French onion short rib sandwich. Both were decent. The Po'boy was very large and came with a plate of garlic herb fries which were pretty good. The shrimp was good, but there wasn't too much crab - I felt, that the sandwich was more of a veggie sandwich with some shrimp and a little bit of crab. The short rib sandwich felt more like a brisket, and we didn't really get a feel of French onion at all...
Overall, it was an okay trip. I would have enjoyed it more if the wait wasn't ridiculously long (and if they had more than one person running the entire front).This place has an incredible beer selection. As a local, and relatively frequent, purveyor of Kraftwork, I do wish their lunch and dinner menu would change a bit more frequently. That being said, you can't go wrong with one of their delicious burgers or sandwiches, or awesome appetizers. The pretzel bites are an excellent snack.
Kraftwork's brunch is heaven, though. A great variety of breakfast staples and some twists on your favorites. Everything is fresh, and their brunch drinks are equally delicious. Get there early, because it's quite popular!Stopped in to try their brunch around noonish on a Sunday - plenty of seating inside and out. We tried their huevos rancheros and biscuits and gravy - both turned out really good. Their iced coffee was mediocre but the Bloody Mary was decent. Glad we found a brunch spot we won't need to wait to get seated.I was so surprised by how crowded this place was on a Saturday at 2 PM. It looked super clean for a bar but kind of dark. The only lighting is natural sunlight coming in from the front and flashing lights from the HD TV on the walls playing college football games.   And lots of ppl were ordering brunch items like eggs and some tofu dish. Isn't 2 PM kind of late for breakfast? Anywho,  I came here to get my beer and burger on! This is one of the better known gastro-pubs in the Philly area. Conveniently it is located in Northern liberties and there was plenty of street parking. I really liked the brick decor, very home-y and welcoming.
I couldn't decide between the beers so I got a flight of four.  I think the pale ale was my least favorite, and I really liked my pumpkin ale, christmas ale and hard cider. Delicious! And so refreshing with burgers. Joe got his own flight of four, which was a big mistake because he gets really bad asian glow. He was bright red by the end of  his 1st glass.
Joe got the Kraftwork burger with gruyere cheese, mushrooms, bacon and fried egg. Even though we live in different cities, we have very similar tastes in food. We both independently ordered a fried egg on burgers which then sparked  a conversation about how the best dishes mix egg and beef. Like korean bibimbap (mixed rice, veggies, beef and fried egg!)
I also got the Kraftwork burger with cheddar cheese, fried egg, bacon and caramelized onions.  The beef patty is a special dry aged blend. I love thick patty burgers. The ones that you feel like you need to unhinge your jaw to take a bite. Hot greasy oil dripped down my chin as I took bites into my yummy burger.Loved this place. Lots of cool industrial looking decor and details. Beer selection was excellent and the bartenders were helpful and friendly. Food was great, especially the burgers.  Parking was tight of course but  no big deal overall.