Kung fu tea is a hit or miss. Sometimes they make delicious drinks, other times the tea is unsatisfactory. Regardless, the bubble tea on the good days is the best in chinatown. The classic kung fu milk tea is usually delicious (and a lot better than Tea Do's). The interior is very modern, hip, and Asian inspired. 
Kung fun tea is a great place to chill with friends, play some jenga, and sip on tasty milk tea.I visited this place after a year or so. Service as well as quality of the drinks served has improved considerably.
Though there are nicer places in the very same block to choose from.I've been craving bubble tea l since I moved into the city and no better place to find it than chinatown! kungFu is good but they don't have a good variety of flavored but the milk tea is always great and authentic. It'll do the job if your craving bubble tea but I'm used to having more options to mix inThis place is one of my favorite places to go after lunch/dinner. They are known for their bubble teas. My favorite thing about this place is that you can choose how much sugar you want in your drink! This is a huge plus, making your drink slightly less healthy. I also like how their drinks comes with jelly.Tea is good. I always get half sugar since the regular sugar amount is waaaaayyyy too much. Not trying to get diabetes here. Plus, the boba seems to have been soaked(?) in sugar water or syrup because when you bite into it, it's pretty sweet. Another reason to want to lower the sugar of the tea. 
Customer service: a couple times I went I got the younger female who gave me an attitude when I asked about the buy one get one free special that day. there's also an older woman who is so sweet and always clarifies your order twice to make sure she gets it right. 
TL;DR: Tea is good. A little too sweet so I always half it. Boba is sweet. Customer service is okay for a tea place. Would recommend to friends.The place is a social at atmosphere with many tables to sit. I would  come here with friends and enjoy a nice conversation or play table games that they provide. 
I usually get the mango green tea and it's pretty addicting considering the fact that it's not heavily sweetened. They also offer macarons to go with your drink. Macarons is soft and very delicious. I bought a dozen home with me and on day 3 it still taste as if I had bought it the day of. 
Over all this is a pretty chill place. I'd come here again.This place is terrible. They make up rules about additional toppings that no other location in the nation have.I'm a frequent patron of the Kung Fu Tea in Virginia. Got the ordering down like a pro, and I know exactly what most of the drinks taste like and which ones I prefer. I usually order KF milk green tea, passion fruit green tea, passion fruit slush, matcha red bean slush, yogurt grapefruit, yogurt green tea, winter melon milk green tea, Oreo milk tea, taro slush, or matcha milk strike. If I can, I'll adjust sweetness levels to at least 50% and lower. 
On a road trip up to New York, we stopped in Philly for lunch and afterwards decided to grab some Kung Fu Tea for the road. I ordered my usual matcha milk strike without anything else and didn't make any adjustments. Unfortunately, the matcha milk strike was not as good as the one I had in Virginia. They put too much powder and it was extremely bitter, even after I mixed and mixed. I could barely drink it. In the end, I had to dump most of it away.
My experience at Tea Do last time I was in Philly was much better. I still remain loyal to the Kung Fu Tea name, but I would be cautious with my drinks at this location.More expensive than other places, but it's worth getting a bubble tea with Lactaid and not feeling miserable for the rest of the day! Lots of different flavors and add ons.Bubble tea here was pretty good! Super refreshing and came out quickly. I got the Thai Milk tea with tapioca bubbles, however my only complaint is how inconsistent they are with taking card. I went two days in a row and one time they took card but the next day they didn't after I saw someone ahead of me in line paying with card.. that could be inconvenient for some pretty loyal customers.all I can say is: YAAAAS QUEEEN. The bubbles here are SO FIRE! OMG. I am dead. Perfect consistency. Flexible choices, large menu, everything you want and need. One of my top bubbletea spots - stop playing and be here.I was going to get a massage but first went to try this new place. Super Busy with so many people , The music was urban and the atmosphere was exciting and youthful. I had a ginger milk tea hot and a mango slush. Both had  fresh ingredients and where refreshing.  Sat there for a good while to relax and enjoy. All the flavors where genuine and very much for the experienced bubble tea drinker. Listening to the young Asians at the other table, it was like the place in Hk, but less choices . They have tons of choices on the menu but if you had to compare to HK with millions of exp. tea drinkers it will do for Philadelphia. I have to say that this will be my new place before a massage from now on !! EnjoyI come here pretty often. More often than the average person haha.
I must say, their Milk tea is to die for. It's probably one of the best Milk teas in China town. However, I believe that kung fu tea is overly sweet so, I usually get mine with 30 percent sugar. Their bubbles are probably one of the best qualities about them because they don't taste bland. There is a sweet taste to it compared to most bubble tea places. It goes really well with their teas. 
I HIGHLY recommend trying their KFT special. It's an onigiri with kani, seaweed, and egg. It's pretty inexpensive and it's tasty!Refreshing drinks at a decent price, been drinking for yearsPretty damn good and pretty damn authentic. Even a boba snob like me can't be too picky. I had the earl grey milk tea with boba. The tea was packed with flavor and the boba had the right consistency. I will say the location I went to in Atlanta was better than the one in Philly but still excellent none the less. Yes, I'm from California and yes,  I've been to Taiwan so I'm not a mindless drone saying this is the best I've ever had when it's probably the only place they've ever had it. Kung Fu Tea here is good but it's not the best you'll ever find. As far as east coast boba goes, this place is an 8.5/10.The taro milk tea is a must try, I'm a fan of boba and I've never been to a place with taro milk tea that doesn't taste like it's artificial, but this place nailed it
However, I took one star off Becux the green milk tea tastes entirely like condensed milk, I could not taste the tea at all. I threw it away after drinking one third of itI've been to a few Kung Fu Teas in the East Coast (Manhattan, Queens) and this one in Philly is just as consistent - the most important aspect in any chain methinks. 
Their drinks have a strong tea flavor but is not overwhelming. I usually get them 50% sugar and its more than enough for my taste buds. Their boba is sweet and chewy - borderline mushy, but the flavor makes up for it. 
Service is expedient - I've always received my drink within 5 minutes. The sit in areas are generally clean and there is ample space to eat and hang out. 
Solid boba place in Chinatown!Great tasting milk tea place in Chinatown. Seems like a great place to chill with friends, it's not particularly noisy and the drinks are deliciously milky. Good prices and I love that you can adjust the sweetness in 5 ways. Restrooms are pretty good too. I would come here again if I was nearby and was thirsty for some tea.
TL;DR: Good milk tea, fair prices, nothing too special, would come here again.Starting with the name right down to the black light, Kung Fu tea tries too hard to be cool.
The boba was fresh (still warm) and well-cooked, which is always hard to get right. While the other drinks might have sugar added to them, the slushies don't. Even then, you can ask for reduced sugar - which in my experience is always a good way to go with boba tea shops.I love boba. This place was not bad at all. A good find and will be back. My sister ordered a black milk tea and it was delicious at 70% perfect sweetness. I ordered a taro milk tea at 70% but it was obscenely sweet. Definitely will order 50% next time or lower. The restaurant and bathroom were very clean. There are many tables to sit at. Staff was polite and credit cards accepted. The boba itself is very good but on the sweet side. Will ask for light boba next time.It's ok, I really liked their boba BUT apparently they run out of it quickly. How do you run out of boba at 4pm on a Sunday afternoon and you claim to be open until midnight? That's just terrible.Loved it here. I tried the taro milk green tea with pudding and bubbles, half sweetened. I wish they would open a store around West LA. I went to the location in New York's Chinatown and got the oolong milk tea, 30% sweeten with herb jelly and bubbles. It's was good at first then it got a little bitter. I would suggest asking for less ice. I'm exciting to try moreI really like the milk tea from kung fu tea. I think it's one of the best I've had. Its the only thing I get from them because it's always consistently good. I tried their red bean and other fruity drinks but the milk tea is my favorite.Have been here few times ever since they opened. Tried few different drinks and they are all pretty good. As for people who complained about rude employees. I honestly didn't encounter any problem myself. All I can say is, I am here for the drinks. If they are good. Then I am happy.I've been to a couple of different Kung Fu Tea's, but this one is for sure on my favorite location. They have a ton of seating, a bunch of communal games and a fun atmosphere. They always have macaroons for sale.. they are a little pricey, but they are much more consistent  than Audubon bake shop that is further north in Chinatown, and their tapioca pearls are always the perfect textureI love the drinks at this place especially the milk tea with the grass jelly but I think they can definitely tell the girl that works the cashier with the long black hair to be a little nicer. She has poor customer service and catches an attitude everytime I go there.Most favorite milk tea in phili. Located at Chinatown, east to find.
The hot milk tea with pearl just out of pot is super great! The tea is real tea instead of mixture. Not too sweety not too tasteless. Also great for iced one.
Every time come would grab one. Recommended!This place is so dirty, when i walked i was hoping at least the drinks would be good, but to my disappointment it SUCKED. The staffs were rude and when i got the bubble tea it taste like water. I'm never coming back, wouldn't recommend this place to anyoneFresh, actual tea used in drinks. I got the almond milk tea and normally it is just the powder which is overly sweetened and makes my face swallow itself in fear, but this place allows you to adjust sugar as needed on most drinks. For my specific drink, there was no adjustment, but the sweetness wasn't very much either, it was good.
The staff were nice and it was packed to the brim. I never realized people like to hangout at boba places until this visit. They had 2 seating areas with plenty of seating.
Everything was done quickly and precisely. Enjoyed my short visit here. Will be back for sure. Happy eating!Drinks is best in town. That's why my friend kept coming back twice a week. So far we already tried all the drinking cafe and we like this the most among all of them.Authentic milk tea place - they have a large variety of different tea drinks with different flavored bobas/ bursting bobas. I would recommend getting less sugar as the traditional milk tea i had was way too sweet for my taste. You can adjust the sweetness in a number of ways. 
The staff was attentive and quick to make the drinks! Overall a great place if you want authentic bubble tea. Will definitely be coming back.Finally... decent milk tea on the East Coast! Words can't describe how much I miss home, and I contemplate daily about moving back to California because of how much I miss home and... good milk tea/asian food!! So you can tell I mean business. 
I can actually taste the TEA for once! Tea Do (down the street) tastes like straight up sugar and jello .. Paris Baguette/Magic whatever/Tea talk all taste like powder milk water. I have tried everything on the menu at tea do and while the deco/crowd/fancy big menu is alluring.. it doesn't compare to GOOD milk tea.
Here, I recommend the oolong milk tea (less sweet for me please) or the white gourd green tea. The taro milk tea and herbal jelly (basically grass jelly) milk teas are my usual go to at milk tea places and it's decent here but still not as good as back home. "A little less sweet" was still a bit too sweet for me so I may go even less in sweetness % next time.
I don't get boba or as you east coasters call it "bubbles" :) so I can't vouch for it. The workers are very pleasant and efficiently make my drinks without any long waits.
I think I might be able to survive in Philly after all.. thank you Kung Fu Tea!I LOVE LOVE bubble tea and I am always trying new places to satisfy my bubble tea cravings. When my friend introduced me to Kung Fu, I fell in love! I'd have to say that their taro milk tea is the best out of all the ones I've tried so far. I got the regular sweetness and I think it was just right. They were very generous with their bubbles and jelly as well, by the time I was finished with my drink, I could have scooped spoonfuls of the bubbles and jelly! I have also tried the oolong milk tea upon a recommendation and I think it was just okay. But if you're looking for more of a less sugary and more tea tasting drink, I would suggest to try it. Overall, it's a very nice place inside to just get your bubble tea and hang out with your friends. The service here was very friendly too! I'm definitely coming here to get my bubble tea fix every time I'll be in Chinatown!Kung-fu tea is found in almost every major city. It's not going to change the way you think about milk tea style drinks, but for the most part, it's fairly consistent.
The trick is to be specific in what you order here. Ice/no ice? Sugar/less sugar?
e.g., a well-balanced drink for adults:
Green milk tea, with green beans, and no sugar.
Sweat enough from the green beans, enough to taste the balance in milk and tea, but not overpowering on your palate.
p.s. They have a nifty, fun to watch automated drink mixer... The mixture doesn't suffer from tired arms... =)I get tea from them all the time at their place in Tampa FL.
I'm a matcha milk tea regular.I love the tea here. It's my go-to standard every time for its taste and consistency--milk tea, regular tea, boba, and grass jelly.Four stars because i can finally have a say to how much sugar is in my drinks.  I had red bean slush at 30% sugar and was satisfied.  The guy had a golden oolong tea at 100% sugar and i didn't think it was overtly sweet.  I don't really taste a difference as far as the boba compared to tea-do.  It really all depends on how its cooked or how freshly cooked it is.  The place itself is huge compared to tea-do.  They have a big area to the back with more space.  The macarons are shipped from their nyc store and sold at 2.25$ a piece.  The flavors are pretty generic.  If you're looking for a tastier quality then head down to audabon bakery down the street.  Kung fu has a wider variety of drinks compared to others.   It looks like they use real tea rather than powder.  That's always a plus.Thank you for coming into Philly!!! Even though your prices are slightly higher than NY., i'm still happy to know that I don't have to travel so far for a good drink cuz Tea Do and all the rest can't be compared to Kung Fu Tea....I had mango green tea lemonade with mango popping boba. It was refreshing! And my partner had taro tea , for some reason, it tasted like some chinese herbal to me , maybe i was crazy, my partner didnt think like that at all 
Pretty tasty and priced reasonably ,
We will def revisit !Teas here are hit or miss. I usually like their milk teas but the service usually sucks. Nix the attitude and eye rolls and maybe you'll get more stars!!This is my go-to place for bubble tea after lunch or dinner in Chinatown. It's just better than Tea-Do who is the other big competitor in the area. It might just be preference but I find KungFu Tea to be less watery than Tea-Do's plus there is more space to chill out with your friends and play a game of Jenga than in Tea-Do. Tea-Do involves a lot of awkward waiting around which I hate as there isnt much space to sit. I like the social experience of dining and drinking when I go to Chi-town, just my 2 cents. P.S. I stick to the good old tarot milk tea which (to me) is a classic and sometimes swap out the traditional tapioca pearls for lychee jelly. The prices are pretty standard...less than 5 bucks for a regular size bubble tea.The place is nice and clean. The drinks were quite good. But, the customer service wasn't as great. When you walk up to the cashier, they don't even bother to greet the customers or even give a smile.The closest thing I've had in Philly to real milk tea. When I first moved to Philadelphia I was so sad about how horrible the milk tea was, and I tried nearly every place in Chinatown. As an avid drinker of milk tea, I was so happy this place opened! This is now my one and only place to get milk tea in Philadelphia. You can also adjust your sweetness or change out your toppings for pudding or jelly. A bit overpriced than what I am used to or in comparison to rest of Chinatown, but hey, they're the only place doing it rightBeen there once with my friend. I loved mung beans. The crews were bilingual in English and Chinese, so I was able to place an order in English. It was very convenient for people like me - Asian not Chinese.This store accepted credit card for $8-worth purchase and had a plenty of comfortable seats compared to Tea Chat in Chinatown. Also, free WiFi is provided.The location is great! Beyond that there isn't anything spectacular about this place. I don't claim to be an expert on boba/bubble tea but I couldn't tell any difference between this place and any other bubble tea place I've been to in the Philadelphia area. Two reasons for the 2 stars. First, the service was very slow. Took nearly 20 minutes even though there was only a couple people in front of us in line. Second, they were not taking credit cards at that time. This could be an issue for someone since they advertise they take credit cards.Great place, nice, relaxing to chill grab a drink alone or meet up with friends. Would recommend here.I get my milk tea fix here. No other bubble tea place in Philly seem to make milk tea right besides this place. I usually order green milk tea with herbal jelly as I'm not a fan of tapioca. However, I've tried the tapioca at Kung Fu Tea and it's pretty good...they have the right taste and chewy texture. 
Some people (those who frequent CT) should know by now that service in Chinatown is rarely ever that great--this place is no exception. For a smooth service here, just make sure you know what you want to order before you step up to the cashier. The less complicated the order, the less painful the service experience. Yes, it's great that you can customize the level of ice and sugar but I like the way they make the regular milk tea. My wait for drinks usually don't take more than 10 mins and I've been here during all hours.
Don't buy the macaroons. They taste like pure sugar and way too overpriced for the size. Just go down the block to Audabon.This is the best bubble tea I have had in philly by far! I ordered the taro bubble slush and it was AMAZING! I will definitely be returning, especially in the spring and summer when it's a bit warmer outside overall love love love this place!!I was originally super excited about the Kung Fu tea opening in Philly because if this place proved legit I can finally satisfy my boba tea cravings in between the occasional trips to NYC. Unfortunately, after my first visit (and maybe last visit for awhile) to this place, I was left utterly disappointed. 
I think there are still some kinks they need to work out in terms of the quality of the product they are making. Since this was my first visit, I wanted to stick to the basics so I ordered a Kung Fu bubble milk tea. I asked if they use real milk since I am lactose intolerant and the girl who took my order said they don't use real milk at all-- they use a powdered creamer type thing (it's dairy free). Sounded strange, but OK I can live with that. When I got my drink, it was super thick. UGH! Not the light liquidy milk tea I am use to. I think they probably got the ratio of creamer to tea wrong. The tea left a gritty film in my mouth. Not to mention, there were way too much boba in my drink. I love boba, but there has to be a good tea-to-boba balance so I don't spend all my time chewing. Half my drink was filled with boba and the boba was a bit too mushy for my taste. Aside from the milk+boba issue, my husband ordered the longan honey tea with grass jelly and boba. It was like drinking pure syrup...I know you can customize the sweetness, but if this is the standard then there is going to be a lot more people with diabetes! Seriously, it was way too tooth-achingly sweet. Crank it down a notch.
I think I'll return eventually and give it another try after a few weeks. They are still new so they have some room for forgiveness in my opinion. However, this time it was a huge miss.YAY!! FINALLY GOOD MILK TEA IN PHILLY!!!! My boyfriend and I come here about three times a week, the tea and the service is awesome and pretty quick. Be aware, the tea's are SUPER sweet, ask for a level or two down in sweetness otherwise its pretty much like drinking pure sugar, but if you're into that, then go for it! Really, clean and spacious, overall its great!I arrived at Kung Fu Tea around 8 to meet my bubble tea craving after a concert. The ambiance inside the bubble tea shop was modernistic, with neon colors all around. Compared to other bubble tea places, I felt that their milk tea menu was a bit limited, but still expansive. I wanted to get their Thai milk tea, but they were apparently out of it, much to my dismay. I ordered instead a Taro milk tea with herbal jelly. The taro was quite rich in flavor, to my pleasant surprise. I would return for more bubble tea in the future, particularly when their Thai milk tea is in stock!My favorite bubble tea place in philly.  Best thing is they prepackage for you with carton and bag if you order more than 1.  I always order 2 to share but I have to drive them home so it's a huge plus to have them ready to go in a carry out bag.  Staff is always friendly and more than happy to package them to go.
I always get their green milk tea. 
Prices are about the same as everywhere else but I like that it's a bit more quiet and away from all the crowds.The tea is decent but the service not at all. I asked for tea without ice, they give me tea with ice and when I ask for replacement, they literally call me an "idiot" (I partially understand Chinese).The bad:
That cashier girl is unfriendly. Not sure how she got the job there.
Unnecessary ghetto music in the background.
The lightning is also a bit club-y.
Ghetto music + club lightning = attracting ghetto high school / college kids.
The good:
Their drinks on the sweet side? Really? I couldn't tell. You can adjust the sugar level anyway. But really.. I don't get why would you go to Bubble Tea place and expect unsweetened or very very very little sugar on your drinks. It's like going to McDonalds and ordered burger without cheese and a diet coke, with small fries.
It's street parking in Chinatown. Expect a hard time finding one, if you're driving.
Normal bubble tea price. East coast's isn't any cheaper than west coast's bubble teas.
It's definitely my favorite spot for bubble tea for now.
3 stars for all them bad and.., lack of Popcorn Chicken. ..like seriously.. these bubble tea places need to have $4 or $4.50 popcorn chicken on their menu.
-
PS: Chinese/Korean songs are fine. No Japanese anime songs please. Definitely NO in da hood gang bang bam bam shots songs.. you're attracting wrong group. Please stop turning into Tea-Do; and at the same time don't become too boring and cramped like Tea Talk.Can't go wrong with Kung Fu Tea. I recently moved down to Philly from NYC and glad there is one in Chinatown. This is my go to place for bubble tea. All different flavors and the only place I don't get sick after having milk tea.Perfect for late night snack or dessert.  Perfect tea.  Love lychee and Aloe jelly.  Boba has perfect texture.  Can adjust sweetness.  Just wish they would open a store in the suburbs or even in center city...Whenever I go to any boba place, I usually get taro milk tea or a taro slush.  I'm a fan of all things taro. That being said, Kung-fu has the best taro flavored drinks among any of the boba joints in Chinatown.  It's the closest to the real thing; they even add real taro bits to their hot taro milk.  Whenever I need my taro fix, I come to Kung-fu. The boba is typically cooked perfectly, but they do have their off-days.
 The most disappointing thing is that I have been here on more than one occasion where they completely ran out of boba. A bubble tea shop that's run out of boba? That doesn't make much sense at all. Why can't you cook up some more in the back?  Welp. I couldn't understand  then and I don't understand now. But hopefully  you won't have to experience that tragedy.Its bit pricer than what I am use to in New York.
Depending on who makes your drink, it will either turn out decent or disappointing. If you get a green tea based drink or wow milk, your drink will always taste okay. If you get a milk powder based drink, I.E. their kung fu milk tea, be prepared for a gamble.
This Kung Fu has enough room to seat 30 people? Maybe a little bit more. It's a good hang out spot. They also provide free Jenga and poker cards. They do have wifi, but you'll have to ask for the password. The bathroom is also pretty clean. 
Anyways... I am a HUGE kung fu tea fan in New York, but I might become a TeaDo regular while I'm in philly.Love the bubble tea. Usually get the kung fu milk tea but i got the coconut and Oreo. Coconut was pretty good and the Oreo was alright.Kung fu tea is a really nice spot for a quick take out drink and snack. The drink menu is very large & offers much variety. Hot, cold and slushy drinks are available. There's so many things to choose from that it took me a few minutes to decide! I ended up getting the iced peach oolong tea with mango jelly. It wasn't that sweet, I like it sweet though but that's ok. Looking closer to the menu you can actually order different levels of sweetness.. I know this for next time. The drink itself had chunks of canned peaches and of course the mango jelly that I added. It was nice and refreshing. They also have quick bites such as onigiri, which I got the spam one, and a nice variety of French macaroons and cakes.. I saw so many other drinks that I wanted to try, next time I'll have to try the Italian mocha slush, that's next on my listI like the whole ambiance of the place and that there is a lot of seating, unlike other bubble tea places I went to. I liked the almond milk tea and the price was pretty similar to other competitors. Overall I'd come back.Yum!  Fantastic options (options!!) like sugar level (which might be BS?) and slushiness.  Really good bubble tea!  But it feels a little insane inside with the lighting (which sometimes I like) and service just seems like it should be faster.  But this is def my new go-to spot for boba.
Oh, maybe I will go there now.  I want this.Three stars vs four stars....
Kung Fu serves a good solid bubble milk tea with bubbles cooked the right way. It has good "Q-Q" texture and neither under or over cook. They also recently started having pudding available. I ordered the original milk tea w/ bubbles and pudding. The pudding was decent but was missing the "eggy" flavor to it.
Three stars was due to the fact that they did not accept credit cards on the night I went. The system was not broken but they reached their max in credit card batch! This shouldn't happen at a food/ drinks establishment as they are pretty much turning business away.Worst customer service I've seen.
A couple of friends and I came to visit Philly and stopped here for milk tea. One of my friends ordered a snack. We waited, then we were told after 5 minutes that they run out of stock. The waitress asked us if we wanna change it to another item. My friend agreed and asked if the waitress if she could change the order to another milk tea. The waitress denied her request because the milk tea is 60 cents more expensive. My friend was like fine then could you issue me a refund then? Waitress said yes and swiped my friend's card. The waitress told us to wait to make sure the refund is back. We waited another 10 minutes, then was told the refund didn't work. We asked if they could refund my friend cash, and was denied by the waitress out of no reason. She asked my friend to swipe her card to refund, again. It failed again. Our parking was running out of time so we left, without a refund.
This place is ridiculous. I don't know how it stays open with such kind of service.Hey!  Philly has a real Chinatown!
Unfortunately, Kung Fu Tea does not live up to the standards of milk tea in other Chinatowns.  
They did spend a lot of money on decor for this place.  There's a big TV and an overall hip feel.  They list the options such as sugar level, and have the machine that seals a custom plastic sheet on top of your drink.  However, like most Kung Fu movies, this place is more style than substance.  Yes, the pearls were good, which is important.  But the drinks themselves were not memorable.  There was little tea flavor in the drink, and plenty of non-dairy creamer.
Sorry Kung Fu Tea.  Your kung fu is no good here.YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! I don't have to travel all the way to NYC for Kung Fu Tea anymore!
What makes Kung Fu Tea different from the other bubble tea joints in Philly is that their bubbles actually have flavor and has just the right amount of chewiness. The normal drinks are a bit more sweet compared to the NYC chains, but you can choose how much sugar you want in your drink (I usually go for 30% little sugar). I also ask for less ice so I can get more tea in my cup :). 
I've tried the traditional black milk tea, passion fruit green tea, golden oolong tea, golden oolong milk tea, and yogurt green tea. The black milk tea is pretty good. The passion fruit green tea is a bit watered down. I prefer Tea Do's passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly. The golden oolong tea, with and without milk, is nothing special. Despite going to Kung Fu Tea about 20 times this year, I've only tried those 5 drinks. This is because... the yogurt green tea is SO FRICKIN GOOD. I have an insatiable craving for it ALL THE TIME. If you like yakult, you'll love this drink. I really want to try other drink flavors, but I can't give up the yogurt green tea. I might have to order 2 drinks from now on...
Update: Golden Oolong milk tea (hot) is GREAT too!!! My go to drink for the winter. The lychee punch (cold) is sweet, flavorful, and perfect for the summer :).
Also, I know the macarons look good in the fridge, but skip it. They are small, overpriced, too sweet, and the flavor is mediocre. Just stick with the drink and go else where for your macarons and desserts.Finding a good bubble tea spot was a struggle my whole life until I came here. Only good bubble tea place I knew of was back in my college town but it's too bad that I can't stay in college forever. That's when I embarked on my journey to find the best bubble tea in Philadelphia. As of now (January 2nd, 2017), this is the best I've had here. They also have a location in northeast Philadelphia if you don't want to travel to the city. I always get the Kung fu tea which is similar(maybe the same) as Thai tea. The cottman location did run out of bubbles last time I went...kinda weird because it's called bubble tea..shouldn't they be plentiful bubbles in stock?? Otherwise  this is a solid place! Try it out!This is not your regular Kung Fu Tea.  I definitely don't feel like it's up to snuff compared to the other Kung Fu Tea branches I have tried. But it's definitely still better than other places in the chinatown area.  
The only major issue I have with this branch is that all their tea drinks taste relatively the same and it's hard to distinguish one drink from the other.  As in the green milk, tea and the chai and the regular milk tea all taste the same.
Other than that there is definitely a younger crowd vibe and the facilities are usually clean and service is timely.  
If you're looking for drinks that taste consistently the same. THIS is definitely the place for you.I like Kungfu Tea and was here with friends during it's opening week. The milk tea is definitely more rich and creamy compared to other tea places. However, their price is slightly higher. I do like the seating, comfy and trendy. 
Overall, service is good and drinks aren't bad. The matcha milk tea drink was definitely a standout. However, I stopped coming due to the SUPER high amount of mosquitoes that would fly on top and all over when I was there each time. We were playing cards and killed over 10 in the process. I dislike mosquitoes so much and they tend to come to me. It wasn't fun at all.Visited: 02/25/2016
We came here after dinner and it was average because in Duluth, GA there are so many of these types of drinks, this place doesn't really phase me. Actually, there are two Kung Fu Tea places in GA now :D I'm more biased towards Kung Fu Tea because of the tea taste. This time I ordered a warm drink and it was delicious :D So, whether you're in Duluth, GA or Philadelphia, PA, know you can visit a Kung Fu Tea :DThis is the only bubble tea shop I go to in Philly because they have an item called Red Bean Wow Milk - red mung beans with lactose-free whole milk. For those who have some lactose issue, requesting they use Lactaid milk for any of their milk tea items is a great plus on their part! Their Red Bean Wow Milk is the only item I order because all other milk teas from here and other shops are lacking in flavor and freshness that I grew accustomed to when I had lived in Taiwan. So unfortunately thanks to Taiwan, I now know what good quality tea is like...
Though this place has free wi-fi, I wouldn't recommend one to come to this place if they're looking to get work done since there's a lot of noise - jenga blocks falling, loud music, machinery working, and overall people trying to talk over all that background noise.This boba spot is fairly busy on the weekends, which makes finding a seat pretty difficult. After my last few visits, my order wasn't taken properly and food was kinda lack lustered. Granted, I should have read the menu of my order, so I will take that blame but the food seemed alot lower in quantity and quality compared to their tv pictures.
I ordered the spam rice ball and takoyaki. The spam was not really cooked and the takoyaki was pretty small compared to other nearby spots. The boba is fairly good. I would usually get their milky boba but that's just my taste. Also, their credit card reader hit it's batch limit so it made paying by card alot more difficult since they apply a $5 minimum and that time only accepted cash. Luckily, I had cash but I assume their ATM would have charged a service fee if I did not have cash. It is not convenient to go there.
Overall, I feel their service can use more improvement and their seating space is quite limited and often occupied for an extremely long time.Place is solid. Price is good and service is pretty fast. I wish that servers would ask you about the sugar levels instead of you making you say it. The seating is nice and a good place to just hang out and chill.The undisputed heavyweight in all things bubble (boba) tea. They truly go above and beyond here and have more choices than just about any other bubble tea place. Like anything else bubble tea has varying grades, this place is absolutely the best because of their obsessive attention to quality and detail.I paid for taro milk tea with boba but I got this boba tea that tastes like regular milk tea!  By the way, I double-checked before I left because it did not look like taro!  At $4.50, this is also overpriced!This is my new go to place now. My go to place used to be tea talk but tea talk is now mr.wish which isn't good as tea talk. I had a mild panic attack when tea talk was no longer with us. In order to bring peace into my heart, I took a journey down arch street. I found kung fun tea...and all is well with my soul again. The cups are nicer and sturdier. You can manage your sugar in take. They are not stingy with the bubbles. I like you, kung fun tea. I like you.I had their lychee drink. It was okay. It just tasted like the lychee from the can added with ice. My friends got bubble tea and they liked it.
There's a lot of seating here compared to the other tea shops around Chinatown. But that doesn't mean that they're available for you to sit on. They're usually already occupied by high school kids and their book bags.
The staff don't really talk to you. They just stand there, staring at you until you say something.
Overall, it was an okay experience.A good option to get that bubble tea fix in when you need it! The tea is great, and the prices are comparable to other places I have tried. I always appreciate the option to get varying levels of sugar.
With that being said, I often opt for other places, because of the service. I've found that every time I've been here, employees are standoffish and sometimes rude. I've never felt welcome here and I've been at least 4 times. 
Overall, it's not a bad stop... Just don't expect amazing service!My go-to bubble tea spot. I first had mixed feelings about KFT but continued to revisit it and it now grew on me. What makes it different from the other places in Chinatown is the bubbles. They're really chewy which I like. I usually grab an original milk tea or a passion fruit green tea with bubbles and I'm never disappointed. Great spot to chat and play games with friends too.Been to the one in New York and Boston so I'm glad they opened one in Chinatown! My favorite is jelly wow and oolong tea is good too. The pearls are not that good.... Maybe it's because it's new and haven't got the texture right. I love how I can ask for less sugar and ice. I never like overly sugary drinks. Worth a visitService isn't 100%.  The drinks take way too long to make but they make up for it in the amazing milk teas and wide selection of drinks :) I highly recommend the wintermelon milk green tea with herbal jelly!My friend and I just went in to get milk tea on this snow day, their bubbles are not ready but it's 3pm already. So the cashier recommended their mini bubble to me. It sounded interesting, but when I got my drink, the mini bubbles are only half cooked, half are hard. This is my second time been to King Fu Tea, and its some disappointing!Despite my Bread Top House tea addiction, I decided it would be good to sample some of the other tea places in Chinatown.  Kung Fu Tea was very busy on a Sunday night around 11PM.  Who would have thought? They have a big back room and it looked like there was some type of party going on, along with many people waiting for tea to take out.  The atmosphere is, of course, super fobby.
I ordered the milk green tea and a macaron.  The macaron was ok and maybe a little too sweet and the consistency a little too heavy.  The prices was on the higher end too.  
The tea taste was perfect, understated and flavorful, and it did not taste like some sort of chemical mix.  The bubbles themselves were the best I've ever had.  A slightly smaller size than the average, with the perfect chewiness and they are slightly sweet!  I don't know how they make these so perfectly, but they should keep up at whatever they are doing.  I also like how you can adjust your level of sweetness.I love their tea selection here. It is now our go-to milk tea place. We always order an Oolong Milk Tea with Herbal Jelly (less sugar, less ice) and a green tea milk tea with tapioca (less sugar, less ice). We haven't tried any other combinations yet, but we get cravings just for said orders. 
It would have gotten 5 stars if they had better pastries. My friend ordered macaroons here and they were inedible.Was ecstatic when a kungfu tea opened up in Philly. Decided to check it out for some milk tea and macaroons. The place was pretty spacious with lots of seating. 
The milk bubble tea was good. The tapioca was nice and soft and the macaroons I got were delicious. I really liked the blueberry one. The macaroons were on the more pricey side. About 2.50 or 3.50 per piece.Boba is soft and sweet, coffee tea is good,  the kung fu milk tea is great.  Tra the black ice tea to reduce the sugar intakeHaven't tried anything that tasted good yet. The red bean one was probably the only one I liked, but still nothing special.Though I only get the Oreo Wow Milk drink, this is the place that made me love bubble tea because I am not a tea person at all. The staff is young, kind, and actually fluent in english. I've been to the one in Eden Center in Washington DC and this place is better than the one in Eden Center when it comes to appearence. Despite the exterior being confusing me because the sign looked difference, the interior during the night time was filled with blue lights, giving a nightlife club scenery that you can enjoy and have an instagram photoshoot in. The drinks have so many varieties and are just that good in appearance and taste. This will change your perspective of bubble tea, I guarentee (I rhymed lol)! PS: They also have macarons in this Kung Fu Tea which is a plus, and they taste good as well.Loyal customer to my favorite little bubble tea shop! I always order the bubble milk tea with 30% sugar and it is by far the best I've ever tasted! Their tea and bubbles are sweet, ever so slightly floral, and indescribably delicious like no other. I also love their onigiri, my favorite being the KF Special with kani, seaweed, egg. Yum!
As for the atmosphere, it always seems to be spacious when I walk in and lines out the door when I walk out. In other words, it's a constant flow unless it's a weekend night. People are almost always relaxing with groups of friends and playing jenga. The employees are very comfortable behind the counter, so they don't usually fake a smile, which I oddly find respectable. Not to mention I'm there so often that I know they work long hours, so don't knock them for their seemingly blank expressions, they're very helpful and nice when you need them!
Definitely recommend~!I got a taro milk bubble tea and was pleasantly surprised. The bubbles were cooked perfectly and were coated in honey. The taro was really flavorful. If I'm ever in the area again I'd def go back! Its hard to find a bubble tea place that tastes gooood. 
Next time I'm gonna try the pudding, looks yummy!
Bring cash cause they have a credit card minI got the black milk boba tea and it was really sugary even thought I asked for 50% sugar level. I would consider trying the other drinks but for basic bubble tea I'd go to Tea Do in Philly chinatown.My go to boba chain in NY. You can always expect sweet, chewy boba and drinks that are perfectly catered to your taste (adjustable level of sweetness, ice). Like the ones in NY, this has a $5 minimum for credit cards. One major difference is that this location serves food! Lots of snack choices to satisfy any level of hunger. This location is probably one of my favorite out of all the ones I've been to. They had games and lots of comfy booths for people to stay a while.
Free upgrade to large with check in!Always crowded here. Taro bubble tea / green tea flavor is great.  Smoothie also yummyIt's nice that drinks are customizable (sugar, ice levels, etc.). Overall good drinks but the prices are a little high. Sort of on par with Philadelphia bubble tea places but way more than CA (you can get each drink for ~$1) and even NY (~$3).Delicious tea. The line is always long and the service is slow, but definitely worth the wait. I always get the honey milk green tea. The staff isn't very friendly.My first cup of tea here during the buy-one-get-one-free deal days. Ordered ginger milk with bubbles. The bubbles I had was actually one of the best I've had (chewy and of just the right size). However, the drink itself was way too sweet. We did request the "reduced sugar" option but it still tasted like pure sugar. Maybe a "no sugar" option in the future.When people ask what bubble tea I want to get I always say KFT for their milky drinks. My usual go to is almond milk, matcha  and coconut milk tea's. I also like their orange and mango teas. What's nice is that you can adjust the ice and sugar levels. You also pay extra for the bubbles. Make sure to bring cash because they have a minimum.  This location is very spacious. I come here to get my work done sometimes or even catch up with people.I got the oreo with tapioca and it was terrible. SOOOO bland and it was an unpleasant combo of flavors. Also, it tasted super watered down and it was like 70% ice. Ive NEVER thrown away bubble tea before, but on this day I threw away my bubble tea because it... for a lack of better words... sucked.
I am going to try the taro from here next time, so stay tuned.Top reasons to come here over other bubble tea places in Chinatown -
1. HONEY BOBA
2. Lactaid milk
3. Greater REAL tea variety
Number one - honey boba. Nuff said. If you don't know what it is, you're missing out on life. Lactaid milk for all the unhappy tummies after a much needed milk tea pick-me-up. Unhappy tummy no more, go and enjoy your bubble teas guilt free! Lastly, KFT has, by far, the widest tea selection. My personal favorite being the oolong (great hot or cold depending on your cravings). 
Top choices -
Oolong tea w/ bubbles, milk green tea (made with Jasmine, not matcha)
They also have the obligatory jenga set-up, along with every other bubble tea place in the city. Make your mark on the already worn-in pieces!prob my fav bubble tea place in the city. i like how you can adjust sugar levels, adn how the place isn't swarming with kids hanging out after school. i like their herbal jelly combos and spacious interior, on top of awesome teas.Emmm...... This is an okay place. I don't think the ingredients are very premium, but just personally....Kung Fu Tea is a good bubble tea shop. It's spacious and clean, and prices are comparable to nearby competitor(s).
I appreciate the options for sugar level and the customizable ingredients that are available.$5 minimum on credit card. This place is so ridiculously dark. I'm conflicted between here and Tea Do. However, the quality of the tea here seems a lot better based on the leaves they use and brewing system. Boba is nice and chewy. Not bad. Small snacks on the side: from your onigiri to your takoyaki. Will have to come back a few more times.My boyfriend and I stopped in here on our stroll through Chinatown. He's a milk tea fanatic! It's located pretty close to the train station, which is convenient. 
As for the overall experience, I was not impressed. Two customers who spoke Chinese very obviously butted in front of us in line. The girl at the counter looked at us blankly and did nothing about it. 
The service was also slow. Even though there were only a few people ahead of us, it took around 15 minutes to receive our drinks. I ordered the Passion Fruit Slush, he ordered the Milk Tea--pretty standard items.
I'm bumping up to three stars because the atmosphere here is actually really cool. The lighting almost makes it feel like a nightclub, and there is lots of indoor seating.
Still, even though the drinks were good, I will probably not return. I want to take my business somewhere a little more courteous.I got the Honey Green Milk Tea with boba - and I have to say that I wasn't too impressed. The flavors just weren't there for me. I think the combination of everything just ended up tasting more bland that I would like to it to be. I'm pretty big on bubble tea, but the drink I had definitely fell short. I think it's difficult to thrive in Chinatown, especially when there are so many first-rate options around.I love Teado for the atmosphere but I must say that Kung Fu gets it right when it comes to bubble tea. It tastes unlike the other bubble tea places and in a good way. Its milkier and the jelly is not as elastic as the other places. Me and the bf usually get the regular bubble tea and the taro bubble tea with 30% sugar and herbal jelly instead of tapioca. It's really good and not too sweet. Plus they have free wifi.Awesome Bubble Tea! One of the best I've had! 
I got the regular milk bubble tea. When I had my first sip, I thought the tea was overly sweet, and I did not like it as much at first. But now I am home, and I am having this massive craving of their bubble tea. I found out later that the sweetness came from honey boba, which made the tea seem sweeter than it is. But you can always adjust the sweetness of the tea, which is pretty cool!Great bubble tea spot. There are many flavors and add ins like bubbles or herbal jelly. You can customize hot or cold and the different sugar levels. Mostly, I enjoy the spaciousness of the cafe which allowed you to hang out with your friends, even play some games. It can get a bit noisy though. 
One tip, the taro milk tea is super sweet, even when I ordered at 30%. I would go even less next time if you are looking for less sweet.I'm a sucker for quality in bubble tea! Kung Fu tea has been good in Chinatown in terms of using real tea leaves, none of that artificial powder stuff or Lipton tea bags- blek!
My favorites are the classics; jasmine green tea, winter melon milk green tea and the matcha milk. I like adding new things to my drink than just bubbles, such egg pudding or grass jelly! But just go with what you think sounds good and have some fun experimenting new combinations! :) 
Make sure that you adjust the sweetness level before ordering though! (Otherwise it can result in being unbearably sweet) They have a sign right above the register that explains it but never be afraid to ask the cashier to decipher it for you :)Boba is on point! I like how simple the menu is compared to its rival Tea Do. Best bubbles in Chinatown. Don't like that there's a card minimum.Enjoy the atmosphere, great seating arrangements and lounge areas. Unfortunately did not have the best experience with my bubble tea. I ordered a brown sugar ginger hot tea, do not recommend it. The ginger spice is overpowering in the tea, it could cure a cold. I'm sure if I went with a classic flavor then this would have had a better rating.It's Boba, whats not to like. This is a pretty basic drink, Oolong Milk Tea.  Not really much to mess up here and I was really happy with it. I asked for just a little sweetness and they nailed it so I guess I gotta give it a 5 lol.I'm so glad they opened in Philly!!! And with more seating space than the competitors next door that shall remain nameless lol.
Anyhow, I'm always on the lower sugar side so I tend to pick the sour-ish flavor (citron or red longan) and no sugar. Even so, it's still a bit sweet for my taste buds.
The back room is definitely a cool place to hang out and play jenga. So, if you come there to study, please stop rolling your eyes showing your annoyance because this place is too fun to be studying at2.5 stars, but "meh I've experienced better" is closer to the truth (...then again, I'm Taiwanese and from CA, so I'm a bit of a boba snob)
I've been here a few times now, and I have to say that their drinks are only so-so.  Their tea/juice is "meh" (I've tried 3 flavors now--almond, taro, and jasmine milk), but their boba is chewy and sweet (yum!)
The major plus, here, is the seating area and games that you can borrow (Jenga, etc.)  I suspect it's a pretty cool place to hang out, and space is plentiful.  It looks clean and upscale...but the biggest thing they're missing is the "tea" part.
All in all, I'm a bigger fan of Tea Do.Turns out, really just need to find the right flavors--I knew this in SoCal, that certain shops are better for certain flavors--it just took me awhile to find what I liked at KFT: jasmine milk tea, no ice, 30% sugar, with herbal jelly instead of boba.  Note that this is a very *NOT SWEET* drink--which is why I like it, and why I'm pretty sure most of my friends would absolutely hate it.  This is me + hubby's drink of choice (luckily we have an agreement that any time either of us is in Chinatown, we buy two of these, large size, so we can both enjoy!)  I've been coming here more frequently than Tea Do now!
Few caveats:
* Credit card limit of $5 is super annoying.  Luckily, as noted above, hubby and I always buy 2
* No rewards, wtf.
* 4*s for philly standards--I don't think any boba on the east coast registers on the west coast scale (and to be fair, nothing on west coast registers on the Taiwan scale)I adore bubble tea, and Kung Fu serves it up just right. I love being able to specify the sugar and ice levels I want, which I've noticed is unique to the legit bubble tea chains in Philly and elsewhere. Also, there's not a single pearl of over- or undercooked tapioca here. Perfectly chewy and slightly sweet every time. The prices aren't the cheapest I've ever paid, but considering how good the tea is, they're completely fair. If they add Thai tea to the menu at any point, I'll find a way to hack into Yelp and give them 10 stars, but for now, five will have to do.Can't go wrong with KFT! The space is large and there is plenty of seating both in front and in the back of the story.  I usually get some sort of milk tea with 30% sugar, otherwise it's way too sweet for me. Not a huge fan of tapioca so I often substitute with nata jelly, which tastes like jello with a harder consistency. They also sell smoothies, hot tea, and even macarons! A go-to spot after a yummy meal in Chinatown.I wouldn't recommend going to Kung fu tea because the tea itself doesn't have a lot of flavor it just taste like milk.The reason I give it a two star is because of the bubbles they are delicious but, the tea it self has no flavor to it.Kung Fu Tea is the best bubble tea place in town. I go to school around there and it's my go-to everytime. A lot of flavor choices but the most important thing is that their tapioca is sweet and chewy! The tapioca from other bubble tea places tends to be too soft and tasteless. Kung Fu Tea is the best I've found so far, even compared to places in Hong Kong. I usually go for 50% sugar with less ice (less ice means more tea!). I really like the oreo bubble tea, give it a try if you have a chance!This is my favorite bubble tea shop on Philly. I prefer actual bubble TEA over the smoothies or fruit drinks. Bubbles are always consistent, unlike most places and customizing the sweetness and ice level is always nice.Their coffee drinks are so good. However the espresso machine has been broken for like half a year now. Boo. 
i'm not a fan of like the milk tea or green tea. They need more varieties. 
I love the sugar customization level. The service here is pretty slow though.Do not let the somewhat confusing menu deter you from trying this place out. If you need to take a few moments, like I did, to examine the menu before approaching the counter, then do so. I assure you, it will be worth it. The sweetness levels are exactly what I expected and I loved that there is a way to specify how much ice should be in the drink. I ordered a plain black tea and a mango green tea, both with the lowest level of sweetness. I selected the black tea in order to evaluate the tea itself on its own merit, without any frills and additional flavorings. I was pleasantly surprised to discover that the tea on its own was quite delicious. It had a strong, quality black tea flavor. The mango green tea was also quite good and even came with mango chunks at the bottom of the beverage. The interior of this location left something to be desired. There were tables pushed against walls and there didn't seem to be any attempt at organizing or properly utilizing the space. Luckily, however, tea is very portable.Best milk tea in Philly that I've had so far. I used to live in LA so my expectations are pretty high! I always order the milk green tea with boba. The sweetness level is perfect for my preference. They have free wifi in there which makes it a cool hangout or study spot. They take your order pretty quickly and it's ready within minutes. They also have some games there for you and your friends to play, such as cards and uno.The bubble tea is amazing here, I usually get the oolong milk tea, Kung fu milk tea, or Kung fu green milk tea; all with little sugar. The cashier working during the day in the front is extremely friendly and she usually repeats what you order so she can make sure that she got your order correct. 
I take one star off because one time I went there at like 11:56 p.m.; I understand that they close at midnight but still... I was already in line and the guy told me that they're close and they're not taking anymore orders...  But he lets the people in front of me order. Seriously though? I'm already in line, could've just took my order, making one more milk tea really doesn't take that long. He was really rude...Awesome chain Bubble tea restaurant. Clean interior with free wifi! Grab a window seat and watch Philly walk by!
A bit pricy ($1 more) than other places, but a huge selection and helpful staff!I love this tea place, I usually went to the one in NY but I'm glad they brought one to Philly. I go here all the time with my group of friends, it has a nice atmosphere and the drinks are amazing. I usually get a black milk tea. It's a hangout place for most high schoolers, where they can play cards while chilling with their friends while drinking bubble tea, which is good. It's a large area so it's never too crowded, there's always enough seats for everyone.It was busy for a new year's event, nonetheless, orders did not take long. First time trying ginger milk shake. It was surprisingly good. It had a strong ginger taste which was what I was looking for.One of the better bobba tea houses in Philly.  Their "tea" tastes more authentic.  Still pretty much the powdered stuff though.  Price is a bit high.  Sometimes the wait is long, depends on the staff.  I usually get the oolong milk tea with herbal jelly and bobba.
The herbal jelly tastes good here.I was visiting Philly for the weekend and I happened to walk passed Kung Fu Tea!!! I was so excited since it was so hot and I needed a drink.  I got the Oreo Milk Tea with herbal jelly.  Do yourself a favor and forego the oreos.  Otherwise the drink was perfect.  I was soooooooooo excited to see KFT!  The best part is that they take credit $5 minimum!   All KFT should accept cc's.  They also have board games, tv, and plenty of seating for you to lounge around in like a true coffee shop!I order take out earlier, when I got home I found a hair in my drink! seriously?! That really make me feel disgusting! I'll never go to that store again!Kung Fu Tea is actually my favorite place to get bubble tea in Philadelphia!
I've been here a countless number of times, and I've always gotten consistently good bubble tea. I'm not super adventurous when it comes to boba, so I only remember trying the black/normal milk tea, the oreo milk tea (I know, I know, it sounds weird), and my personal favorite, the golden oolong milk tea. My favorite thing about Kung Fu is the boba, which is really sweet and has the perfect chewy texture. I have a crazy sweet tooth, though, so it might be sweeter than some people prefer. Don't worry though, you can adjust how sweet you want your tea!
A couple of random things: $5 minimum for credit cards and they have a ton of other flavors/add-ins, as well as sweets like macarons available.
I've been to other Kung Fu Teas in areas like Boston before and experience similar quality boba. While you might not be getting the best boba in the world here, KFT is definitely a great addition to Philadelphia's Chinatown!1. Silky sweetness
2. An environment that promotes bonding
3. Spacious
Kungfutea is another great addition to the bubble tea selections in chinatown. It truly satisfies anyone with a sweet tooth. It's soooooooo sweet- even the half sweet bubble tea was sweeter than my liking. I would say that it's also a slightly thicker consistency. The tapioca was great with the perfect softness and chewiness. 
There is a great space for hanging out. I really like the semicircle seating around the table. It's very conducive to conversations and fun games!Despite being a chain, I think this place is awesome! Much like the other competitors, they offer boba tea, but what's different is that they focus a lot of it more on the milk tea variety instead of the staples that most other places offer. 
I love that you can choose the sugar option and that it's pretty spacious in the back area. There are deals/specials pretty often that happen, like on the weekends, and they also offer macarons, but they sorta sell out fast, depending on the flavor.The place is abnoxiously loud. The many cashiers scramble to try and hear your order. They still manage to get it wrong and are confused. It's very disorganized. The place is new and clean. The macaroons were overly sweet and hard. Like a mouthful of sugar. I tried different flavors, each one wasn't enjoyable. The hot specialty teas are very fragrant, but are flavorless. They're like drinking a huge cupful of cream. Pretty disgusting. I won't be going back there.Mediocre. My bubble tea was subpar. I didn't enjoy that they charge extra for the bubbles...the flavor also wasn't as good as other places. The people working the counter were too busy talking to eachother which made me feel like I was a hassle to tNot super spectacular bubble tea but not bad either. We had to wait a while for our drink to come and their set up is interesting and it's a small space. they had a lot of options though!!Kung Fu Tea is the best bubble tea place in Chinatown! Only wish they had a rewards program in place so I could rack up some points with the amount of money and time I spend here! Classic Kung Fu Milk Tea with bubbles is an all time favorite as is their honey green tea and mango slush.Tonight was my first time here. We ordered taro tea with lychee jelly. I like the fact you can choice the sugar level we pick little sugar 30%. Their sugar mixing machine was kinda of down so offered us buy one get one free.  They got tables and chairs plus people playing games. I guess a new hang out place in chinatown.They really strived to make this place as trendy as possible with the blue lights. The ambiance is on point and there is a nice lounge-feel to it. The bubble tea was delicious! I got the oolong bubble tea because they ran out of taro. I also love how they let you customize your level of sweetness. Highly recommend this place for all your refreshing needs!I came here once with a friend and everything was great. However, tonight the entire service was horrible. 
1. Cant use credit card..okay but dont lie about "credit card batch is full"
2. They gave me the wrong drink and when i came back, they tried to screw me over by offering me a smaller drink because i already started drinking it. Once I flipped out, she decided to make me the drink, however she was slamming the cup on the counter and rushing the whole process.
3. Now, I hope am wrong about this 3rd point but I get this feeling I get treated this way because I am not Asian which is disappointing because I drove 20 mins to buy this bubble tea.
Obviously, I am not coming back and I realise this is just one bad employee...however, the owners need to pay more attention.One of my favorite boba spots in the states. Stumbled upon Philadelphia location today and it was delicious, but i do prefer the NY locations. The tea did not taste as strong, but still yummy. I always try the classic Milk Tea first, but the passionfruit green tea is sooo refreshing!Good bubble tea! The tapioca is chewy but not hard which can happen often at other places. There are different levels of sugar but I usually get no sugar because the tapioca themselves are sweet enough.I got the taro milk tea/green tea whereas my sister got the mango slush with mango jelly. I appreciated that it was less sugary than most and the green tea base was a nice twist on the normal taro taste.  However, there were still bits of powder at the top that didn't seem to dissolve until I was 1/2way done my drink. My sister loved every aspect of her drink, however, so I would recommend that over mine. We both still prefer tea do, though (which we didn't go to due to the crowds).Their drinks are okay but nothing to rave about! However it is a nice place to chill with friends! Their macs are pricey so if you need a good macs go to audabon which is in Chinatown too!Nothing amazing. Wish I would have seen the free size upgrade on Yelp before I ordered, because I doubt I will be back again to use it. The drinks are slightly more expensive than other boba places in the area. It's Chinatown so there are tons of other options. The tapioca bubbles were kind of firm which is what I usually run into when the place is a quickie chain establishment, like this is. If you prefer your bubbles soft and squishy then don't bother coming here. They charge extra for typical drink additions like for the tapioca bubbles. They also impose a credit card minimum to force you to pay with cash. Just again comparing Kung Fu Tea to the nearby places, but the atmosphere in the back is not as relaxed, there are not many games to play, and while I'm typing this review, there is no Asian pop music on (currently mainstream American R&B is on). I am accustomed to the taste and vibe of nearby competitors, so with the pricing and quality of Kung Fu Tea not surpassing them, I don't need to return.Their buy one, get one free option inspired me to try other drinks there. I usually just get the green milk tea or the oolong milk tea but I was brave enough to try the matcha tea! If you tried the Japanese green milk tea from Tea Do than it's very similar. I do think that Tea Do makes it better. Their taro (cold) was very good! I normally don't like taro in general but I'm really impressed with it there. My friend got one there and I had a sip from hers and surprisingly wanted more! 
Most people are complaining about their sugar level from when they first opened, it was definitely wayyy too sweet then. I think, they have adjusted it since then. I would recommend getting half to 70% sugar if you really don't like sweets in general. This way, you'll taste the tea flavor more. 
They're unique in that they sell macaroons and cake ? But I don't think a macaroon should cost 2.25 a piece, especially for such a small one. I would just go to Audabon Bakery which is also in Chinatown and their macaroon is 1.50 a piece. I do have to admit that I haven't tried the macaroons from here though.
I would definitely come here for some drinks such as cold taro or oolong milk tea. But I would go elsewhere for the matcha green tea. I guess, it depend on my craving!
Oh, bubbles aren't included. It's an additional 50 cent more.The interior of this place is absolutely beautiful. Lots of seating here and definitely a place for anyone to sit and knock out some paperwork or just watch the news. 
 This place is new, I would've given this place a 4/5 but they need to work a little more on their basic milk tea drinks and customer waiting. I got their sunshine pineapple tea and it tasted great. However, the wait was a bit too long (understandable because nearly all tea places in Chinatown that first opened always messed up on their drinks and took forever). 
 My friend however told me to taste his milk tea, which was basically all milk with a hint of black tea. Their boba was pretty awesome though, include that in all your drinks.
 Their prices are fair although they charge a little more for toppings. (Expect 50 cent more).
 I will definitely come back to this place to update my review, this place has great potential. Though my review is average, it can definitely earn a 5/5 if they hit up some of the small problems stated. Nonetheless I pretty much found a new tea place I can hang around in.I'm here because of the special promotion of buy one get one free:) I got the red bean wow milk. Taste delicious!!! They gave you a lot of red bean and tapioca. I like it.The new boba tea shop in town. I had high hopes for this cafe since they're huge in NYC. There's a reason for customization on sugar levels, their drinks are way too sweet! The milk teas have very little tea flavor, pretty much bland. Their coffee is the same. I do like their taro slush, but with half sugar. If there's a line, expect a 30 minute wait for your drink. Heading back to Tea Do now.Good hangout spot with friends over bubble tea!  It is slightly more pricey for the typical kinds of drinks, but they have a good variety to choice from.  They also have macaroons and other desserts,  along with snacks now,  if you're hungry while doing work or craving sweetsUgh.. What happened? The last couple times I've went here the milk tea was overly sweet and the bubbles has a weird sour taste to them. Have they changed the recipe or something?! Used to be my favorite place but I didn't even finish the last 3 drinks I got.Typical Kung Fu chain. 
Pros: Clean, Good decorations, Music, Vibe. Can order bubble tea with: no sugar, 30% sugar, 50%, 75%.
Cons: Can get busy/tough to get a table to sit. Ordered Red bean instead of the bobba and about half of it got stuck at the bottom :( it was really good once you got some though.
Tip: Check in to get a free upgrade! (12/18/16)Came here on Friday and loved the atmosphere. Ordered their signature bubble tea and loved the appearance but the taste was completely off! 
Decided to come back today and they opened 15 minutes late! So disappointed!I always have room for Boba. Also they have pudding here. OMG I love pudding. My go to Boba drink is the Green tea without milk sweetened with Boba. Since they have pudding here, I go with the traditional boba with mango pudding. 
Honestly I bet there are less calories with pudding anyway. I heard somewhere that each boba pearl is like 10 calories which when you eat like 30 is a meal lol.
Anyway I actually really like Kung Fu even though its not a Half/Half or a Lolicup. EAST COAST BOBA :DThe oreo bubble tea was great and so was the matcha red bean slush with added bubbles!Don't go here not friendly and if you do chance it don't get the Oreo bubble tea it taste so nasty when we asked for a different kind we were treated badlyI'm reviewing this place again solely due to half of the staff.
I used to love Kung Fu Tea, but it's grown to be a bittersweet visit every time now.
Staff: I enjoy seeing the originals that have been there for well over three years - they still say hi to me every time and are so sweet - but the newer, young ones are absolutely awful. It's honestly like walking into a high school drama scene. There is one tall girl (always with a straight face and attitude), one short girl (with a lot of make up), and one taller guy (that also always has an attitude). They all can't help but talk ALL the time and very clearly talk about me whenever I walk in. 
(Insight to what happened): I remember a year or so ago, the tall girl was new and she didn't know the difference between their own menu's "little" vs. "less" options for sugar and ice. So she tried correcting me when I said two of the same options, as I always did, and she gave me an attitude when asking me if I meant the opposite. I said, "no, I meant this" and pointed it out to her on the menu. EVER SINCE THEN this child has had an attitude with me and spread it to her closer-in-age coworkers. They always, always, always have an issue with me whenever I walk in. It's so baffling that they hold a grudge over something she got wrong. Is she that embarrassed/insulted that she has to put people down or is she just that sad of a human being where it boosts her ego to make people feel inadequate and a waste of her precious time? It's ridiculous to me, with all the bad reviews I've seen, that they're still working there. Thank goodness I don't go here anymore. Nobody needs that kind of negativity in their life. 
Drinks/Food: Always nice to have from time to time, but it is a little expensive for pre-made, powdered tea. Plus, there are much better options around Chinatown. Even making it at home tastes better, to be honest.
Atmosphere: Dimly lit, usually loud music, on-and-off crowds of customers, but I haven't been here that consistently to say it's still like that. It may always be dead in there now because every time I'm in there it is.
TL;DR: Save your time and money and go to the other great bubble tea places in Chinatown! The service is a joke here. (Sorry to the good people that actually work here - I don't mean you. Although I don't know your names, you know who you are!)I went to kung fu tea for the first time last night. I ordered the black milk tea with bubbles and little sugar. I'm now thoroughly a fan and addicted. I love the flavor and the sugar adjustments you can make. I now like this place more than teado.Got a redbean slush. A good amount of redbean and ice. But I prefer smooties better so just my preference.Upscale-casual boba tea places are taking over Chinatown like deer in the suburbs, but I'm not complaining. As long as they stay strong and don't turn into bland mall kiosk "bubble tea" places, we can still be friends. This place must have opened a year or so ago, because I didn't see it last time I was on Arch.
I found this place walking around wile waiting for a train at Market East. I've ended up in similar places here and in NY, so I figured between the "Paris Baguette" chique and the tastefully gaudy Chinese branding, I could count on something decent. I opted for the golden oolong with boba, medium sweet (50%). For me, that was a mistake (for personal unsweetened iced tea reasons, nothing on Kung Fu), but I probably could have gotten a 70% and had a good time. The adjustable sugar level is a new-ish trend in America, and I'm still working on my level.
The boba tea was quite good, but really nothing outstanding. There are a number of similar places close by, but I'll likely come by again... if nothing else because it's literally a block away from Market East and the greyhound station.Good for a Starbucks fan: Shitty service for an overpriced, moderate quality product.I've had Kung Fu Tea in NYC's Chinatown and it has always been my favorite tea spot. When I saw the coming soon sign I was completely elated. As expected the tea was on point. I had the grapefruit green tea, something I only get at Kung Fu because I've seen them juice real grapefruits. You can taste the difference, pulp and all, unlike some of the other places in Philly's Chinatown who use syrup. 
The service is great because they will get your order right, there are some other good tea stores around Chinatown but they always seem to get my order wrong. The server today spoke perfect english, understood, and executed my order perfectly (this should be standard, but in Philly's chinatown its a mixed bag of results). The actually store was clean with a lot of seating. 
I expect this place to be booming in the near future, simply because it offers a superior product with far better service than anywhere else in the area.Bubble tea is good! But it's tough to find parking nearby, they don't accept payment from the app, and cash only. I had to go back to my car to count change since I never carry cash! Tasty, but inconvenient!!In my (not so) humble opinion as a Taiwanese American born and raised in the 626, Kung Fu Tea is probably tied for best boba in Philly. It's on par with Coco and arguably better than Quickly. 
 The boba (this is the proper terminology; none of this bubble tea nonsense please) is chewy and firm and the teas are refreshing. Adjustments can be made for ice and sweetness levels. This is how boba should be made and I am beyond relieved to have found a reliable boba chain store that does the job. I only drink green teas (no milk), but I definitely will try their yogurt green tea in the near future as I trust they will do it right. 
The location is very convenient. It is on the fringes of Chinatown and right across the street from Reading Terminal Market. 
Summary: if you're looking for authentic boba, Kung Fu Tea is the place!Great bubble tea and a lot of the flavors seem handmade, as opposed to from powder mixes. I love that you can specify the sugar level, especially since I find most bubble teas to be overly sweet and love the low sugar/no sugar option (and add my own Splenda later). Tons of variety, lots of customization. Love it!I was so excited to find that Kung Fu's made it to Philly. It seems a bit on the expensive side, and that's saying something, considering that I'm from NYC. The teas are up to the Kung Fu standard, and the boba were actually surprisingly well made - chewy all the way through, not soggy or overcooked. They also cook the boba in honey, so it adds a bit of sweetness. Definitely my go-to place whenever I'm in town.I'm addicted to Oolong Milk tea with 70% sugar.! There is no other way to say it. This would explain why I drag my coworkers through a 7-block walk to Chinatown in extreme heat or frigid winters. They have come to accept the affliction and looks like I've recruited some of them as well. Often helps us relax in the middle of a stressful work day. A bit on the pricier side but this is also why it's a hidden pleasure splurge.Kung Fu Tea is taking over the US with their awesome teas.
And thank goodness there's one in Philly now! When I found out KFT opened one in Chinatown today, I was beyond excited. This KFT, unlike most of the others, offer plenty of seatings as it's spacious and will definitely accommodate the expected countless patrons. 
The drinks are priced similarly as the other locations. Roughly $4. Take credit cards. Keep your ticket, trade for your bubble tea at counter when its ready.  Though they don't seem to be very organized or prepared for opening weekend, as showed in their friendly but slow service. I did wait half a hour for my drinks but every sip was worth every minute. And I'm confident that once they get things going service will be as good as their other chains.
My favorites and recommendations are the delicious taro milk bubble tea (tapioca is perfectly soft, chewy, and sweet) and grapefruit green tea (refreshing with yummy floating pulp). Lactose-intolerant? KFT uses lactaid milk. On a healthy diet? You can adjust amount of sugar in your drinks! 
Absolutely give KFT a try! It's a very good and popular bubble tea franchise for the various reasons I listed. But If anything, it's not another bubble tea place in Philly that starts with Tea.....It's my go to bubble tea place. Love their bubbles. If I'm not in mood for Milktea, if get a oolong with bubbles! Great!I tried the King-fu milk tea, hot with 50% sugar. That was great! Very traditional milk tea flavor, although it's still too sweet for me. Will try little sugar next time!The last time I was here was when it first opened and I was impressed by the location. This time I went to take a friend and help him experience boba tea for the first time. What I noticed that was different this time was that they got rid of the visuals of what toppings they offered. Last time the toppings were in jars so that customers could see and taste test what they were. Also, there was very limited options in toppings. Unlike Teado, they don't offer a lot of options for jellies. My favorite jellies are mango and lychee which they didn't have but other places I've been to like Teado and SnoCream (see review) did. What I did like was the amount of options they gave you in terms of customizing your order. They have a specific scale on how much ice you want and how much sugar/sweetness you wanted. This is very helpful for those picky customers like me. In terms of flavor, I got the coconut milk tea with boba and my friend got the regular milk tea with boba. The tapioca bobas were al dente, not too mushy and not too hard. The flavor was also good for both drinks. They also had a good variety of flavors but what I wish they would elaborate on their menus what was in each drink like flavors and toppings etc. The cashier was very helpful and tentative of our orders and they came out correctly. The atmosphere is very modern, like Teado, and they had a good seating layout with booths in the back of the room. They also had options for snacks which I didn't try but would like to in the future. Fun Fu Teas is a great place to take people unfamiliar with boba tea as well as boba connoisseurs like myself. But with that said, I still prefer Teado (passion fruit green tea with mango and lychee jellies are too addictive).My favorite milk tea place to go! It's hard finding a place that does milk tea right even though it's a simple drink. And this place has been my safe haven for late night hang outs in chinatown with friends. They do make a pretty tasty onigiri with spam too.I bought the milk bubble tea topping with red bean. It's too sweety for me. Ithink half sugar will be better. Beside,the bubble is a little bit over cooked.I should have just gone to my usual place teado for bubble tea :'( maybe I just didn't have a good luck, but the bubble tea is bad that that I have to throw it away.So-so boba tea overall, but pretty much the best there is in Philadelphia. Nothing compared to actual Taiwanese tea places in South California. Scratches the itch though. The milk tea has a weird essence flavor and the red bean slush is made with powder or something and doesn't use actual red beans. Milk tea isn't thick/strong/rich, pretty watery with that essence added in.This place is so good! One of my best friend is obsessed with this place and this is the only place downtown where I get bubble tea. It's also for a reasonable price, I highly approve.Best Bubble Tea in Philadelphia and in the East Coast by far. This is way better than Tea-Do at a slight premium. They need to better train their cashiers or just hire new ones because some of them have some attitude problems and are rude to customers.I'm reviewing this place as a regular at Tea Do for the past couple of years, and I must say, I had much higher expectations for Kung Fu Tea. My friends and I all had the Kung Fu Milk Green Tea since we're all green tea lovers, and we were all disappointed. The beverage itself didn't have a very strong tea flavor. Maybe it's the fact that we all got little sugar, but then again, shouldn't milk tea be more than just sugar water? One friend said that it just tasted like watered down milk.
The texture of the boba was pretty chewy and good - in fact, the different toppings that we all tried were good... It was just the tea that was lacking in flavor. (However, they definitely didn't have as many toppings as Tea Do!) The wait was also super long - an average wait time of 15-20 minutes for a drink when it's pretty crowded in the store. I do like that there are many different options to choose from to customize your beverage - sugar levels, ice levels, toppings - but it all starts with a good base milk tea, and that's where I feel this place lacks the most.
If you don't like sweet drinks but still want the experience of a bubble tea, this place may be the place for you... Just not for me.So before I even made this review I made sure to try it 4 (3 afternoon / 1 evening) times.. The Kung Fu Tea in NY is something that I really love to go to if I'm craving for a great bubble tea. So for the 4 times I've been going here I always get the same exact thing Taro bubble tea less sugar (same drink I get in the NY store) all of the 4 times the taste is different, no consistency :( which is a game changer... Since it's pretty new and I really love Kung Fu Team I'll try it again in a month and see if it meets my expectations.. the only expectation that I got was the bubble :) Perfectly Delicious and easy to chew.In general, on par with the rest of the Kung Fu places I've been to. 
Pluses:
- lots of drinks to choose from
- decent amount of seating available
- can customize sugar level, drink contents (boba, red bean, grass jelly, etc.)
- sometimes have Yelp specials that you can cash in when you check in
- tea quality here is excellent, boba quality is on par
- other selections available for purchase, but the place is mainly known for their bubble tea drinks
Minuses
- Place is not particularly quiet ... can get quite loud, especially during peak hours
- $5 credit card minimum, which I found kinda disappointing (I use card often; logic goes that if you spend money, might as well get something back for doing so)
All in all, a decent boba tea place. Good for group meetups with the decent amount of seating and sprawl available.Got the Milk green tea and it was a lot better than the other places I've tried around the area. The level of sweetness is decent-not too sweet. There is a huge space in the back with tables for hanging out or studying. Good ambiance. The front also has good seating. The only issue was the service... the cashier looked like she didn't even want to be thereWhy is this tea so amazing? The bubbles are always made perfectly, and I love that they allow customization of the amount of milk, ice, and sugar you can get in your drink (like a starbucks, but with bubble teas!!)I was very excited about the opening of KFT in Philly Chinatown this past week after hearing the hype about how great it is in New York and all. I heard all about how KTF was going to crush all the other bubble tea shops around, but...
...I tried it yesterday and my experience didn't live up to the hype (unlike Tea Do did for me when they first opened). Don't get me wrong, the bubble tea was still high quality. I tried the Kung Fu Milk Bubble Tea, Kung Fu Milk Green Tea, Kung Fu Taro Bubble Tea, and the Pineapple Sunshine. All were great with a distinct sharp aftertaste that seemed to be unique to KFT and was quite awesome.
The things I didn't like though were:
- The workers seemed very inexperienced. They were slow with the drinks, hesitant, and didn't seem to really know what they were doing.
- The macarons and cheesecake were so VERY overpriced. $2.25 for a 2" macaron? Seriously? And $4.50 for cheesecake...? You're in Chinatown...you're not a Starbucks. 
I just really hope they pick it up, especially the service. I'm so much more impressed with service at Tea Do, but I might be back to KFT for the flavors, the bubbles (very chewy and fresh!), and the seating (it's quite large and comfy like an actual cafe you can get some work done in). I'll most likely give them another shot!This place had just been open for under a week, and there was a long line around Saturday noon for people who wanted to try Kung Fu. They were out of bubbles by the time I arrived, so I ordered the bubble milk tea with grass jelly instead. The grass jelly was a great complement to the milk tea, which could be customized to your sugar and ice preferences! Hint: to get more tea, order with less ice, haha.
The macarons were 2 dollars a piece, which I didn't think justified their pretty small size (2 inch diameter maximum). A friend of mine ordered the red bean ice blended, and you could tell that they used real red beans - certainly a plus. However, it did melt pretty quickly, which signaled lots of ice in the blend.
Kung Fu is good, but I can't say it stood out from either Tea Talk, Tea Do or Tea Magic.They always rush you when you order then they don't do it right. They give you an attitude when they make mistake for rushing through when you order and don't listen carefully. I went there twice and both orders weren't right. The drinks are good but the service is bad.I love Kung Fu Tea and my friend brought me here while visiting. I will say the only thing that sucked about this location is that they do not accept payment with their app. This sucked because I didn't receive my points for this visit, but the tea was delicious as usual so I really can't complain too much.I know this place is well-known for bubble teas, and I love how the tea isn't too sweet. Black bubble tea for example.
The place is unique how it's dark when you go inside. There's also jenga blocks you can play with.
The order was quick and easy. Overall I enjoyed this place:)I have no idea where the name Kung Fu Tea came from, but regardless their bubble tea is great!  I didn't like them at first because of how sweet the drinks were, but then I realized you can adjust the level of sweetness (SWEET!!)!  
I love getting jasmine green tea (30% sugar and less ice) with herbal jelly (I'm not a huge fan of bubbles because well...grass jelly is better (don't judge)).  If you want some quality bubble tea in Chinatown then I'm sure you'll be directed here.  
The environment is pretty loud so it's not a great place to study, do work, or have deep talks with people, but it's good place for groups to come and just casually chill and hangout.I love their honey milk green tea and taro milk green tea without bubble.
They are always pack no matter what time you come. I once ordered pickup via phone hope to avoid waiting just to pick up and go with my bubble, but no. They insisted i have to wait inline just to pickup my drink from the phone order. I said to their face, nope you guys can keep those drink.
Yes, i am snob.
I wish they had done something for take out order and their employees's attitude.Came here after dinner and waited 45 minutes to get one drink (a simple hot tea). The workers are very slow paced and take forever to make just one drink. My drink had been ready and sitting on the side for 10 minutes until I finally asked one of the workers if that was my drink, and it was; he never even called my name even though the drink was sitting right in front of him. And it was absolutely not worth the wait! The drink tasted like any other one from a boba/tea place and was far too sweet. Definitely not worth wasting your time on.Kung fu tea would have to be my favorite place to get my daily fix of bubble tea. I really like how it's a nice place to hang out with friends and it's spacious. Their boba is always cooked to perfection and is always the right texture (always cooked in the center, doesn't get clumped). My favorite drink would be the black milk tea with bubbles!I only discovered this place a few months ago and boy did I get addicted quickly! KFT offer a vast variety of choices when it comes to bubble tea (or just tea if your not a fan of bubbles).
The tapioca always tastes fresh and the flavors of the teas are out of this world. The service is fast and friendly and they offer some pretty sweet rewards if you pay using the app. 
I'm definitely looking to become more of a regular at this place and try as many menu options as I can!Their milk tea is great. However, they are becoming very confident with their brands that they no longer offer a good service. The staffs are quite rude and unfriendly. Also, since many brands are offering delivery now, it just does not make sense for me why the brand does not jump on the bandwagon. And the requirement for delivery is pretty obnoxious: you have to buy 16 (or 15, i could be wrong) cups of milk tea for them to deliver, which is a lot. So, while I thoroughly enjoy the drink, I am just not a fan of their service. I know that this is not because of the brand, just this specific location since I have had a better experience at other locations.TERRIBLE SERVICE!
Their drinks are WAY too sweet so we always order them half sweet since they have the option. Never had an issue before, but today we ordered two drinks, both half sweet and one came out "less sweet" (70%) and the other came out full sweet (on the receipt). We immediately spoke to them about the issue but they said they already started the drinks and refused to remake them. 
Girl at the counter didn't seem to be able to understand English very well and we said half sweet around 10 different times during the order. Not sure how one drink came out Less Sweet and the other 100% sweet since we never said the word "less".
This is an issue that should be corrected at the register (the person should take your order correctly) and the management level (not replacing drinks that the register didn't take correctly).
AWFUL.
They usually do a pretty good drink and I would have given them 4.5 stars (good but inconsistent), but after this incident I won't be recommending my friends come here anymore and will take them to other places when they visit us in chinatown.You must wait soooooooo.... long!  With that said... THE BEST BUBBLE TEA of any KungFu Tea I have visited. We tried new drinks instead of our standard Taro slush. YUUUM! The Winter Melon with salty milk cap was BEAUTIFUL, however it was way too salty at the end so I improvised and stopped by an espresso spot to mix the two and make a new uniquely strange beverage. My husband liked his red bean slush and my son loved his Taro although they changed my request from a little bit of boba to NONE. We were headed for Vegan Kosher Chinese though so no sweat. The one guy making the drinks was PRO so all else is forgiven.Kung fu tea is slightly expensive and generally too milky for me.  That said, their new location has a great environment and their special 'oolong milk tea' is fantabulous!  I will try their other stuff and get back to it, but slowly since it's quite pricey and I do recall thinking the original milk tea in flushing was far too milky (judging by pics, it is still too milky.)This was my first visit to Kung Fu Tea.The ordering process is straightforward, the employees nice and the service quick.
I've had bubble tea at many of the other newer tea houses around. This visit I chose the Oolong milk tea with 0% sugar and boba. My total was $3.75 which is about average for bubble tea in chinatown. The tea came out quickly as there were only two orders ahead of mine.I forgot to use my free size upgrade from yelp as I checked in after I ordered. This is a good thing because next time, I need to order something different. 
I've found that some of the teas around town are good even without added sugar. I've been experimenting lately trying to find out which ones. The oolong here at Kung fu is not one to order without sugar. The flavor is basically milk with boba, unless they forgot to add the tea?I am a milk tea addict. I can drink milk tea/tea all day if I could. Philadelphia has a very few select places for good milk tea than compared with my hometown (San Jose, CA). Coming here, I didn't know if I would find anything to satisfy my cravings. I tried the Kung Fu Tea in New York, so I figured I would give the Philly location a shot. I ordered the oolong milk tea, and I just stuck to the normal sweetness. The flavor was decent but it was more on the sweet side. If you're more into the tea flavor, then definitely tell them to tone down on the sweetness level. I've also tried the regular milk tea. That too was just decent. Overall, if you're looking to satisfy your milk tea cravings, Kung Fu is a good place to go to.What can you do when the Septa is delayed all the time!? You run across the street to get a bubble tea, A kung fu bubble tea!! 
Before I get to the actual tea, I have to say that the girl working there is extremely rude. No smiles, no eye contact. And not listening to my orders correctly. If you are a cashier and you can't provide customer service and take order, then what do you do?! I can't even say you were just standing there to look pretty 
Moving on to the tea, it does have a sweet hint of flavor. The tea taste is too subtle for me. Perhaps it got over powered by the creamy milk they use. 
I give it 3 stars because it hit the spot for my bubble tea cravings. But I have had much better bubble tea elsewhere.I have tried every bubble tea place in Chinatown, and Kung Fu Tea is by far my favorite. My go-to drink is the Taro-Green tea milk tea.