Hands down best Italian BYOB.  My husband and I don't get out much these days with 2 little ones, but B.K. (before kids) we were real foodies, spoiled by all of Philly's great food.
Food is terrific and well-priced. Love, love, love the antipasta.  I can still taste it. Not the usual meats, cheese, olives, but delicious marinated vegetables of all kinds. Each has a unique flavor.   All vegetables, love it, and I'm not vegetarian or normally fond of cauliflower. 
And who doesn't want to get called "Bella" by a waiter with a genuine Italian accent? Can't beat it.Food is delicious, service is great. I will definitely come back to the place. I really have nothing to add, so if yelp could stop trying to force me to write more that would be greatly appreciated.Went back this past weekend. Food and service were top notch. I updated the review to five stars.Def the most authentic best italian restaurant in philly. This small byob has the best italian food i've actually had in philly. You need a reservation though because it's small and people all the way from new jersey drive in to eat here. I hope it stays a south philly secret. It's also right at the edge of Girard Estates area of philly which is the nicest/safest area in the city. Def try the fried gnocchi. It. Is. Insane. Good.Delicious and authentic.
The atmosphere is definitely old school italian, intimate and basic.
The food was delicious and the service was great.
they accomodate all requests and all their choices of homemade pastas are definitely a favorite.
Great meal in this homey BYOB. we'll be back.Came for dinner with my girlfriend before going to the Andrea Bocelli concert at the WFCenter since the restaurant is not very far from the venue.
The location, the atmosphere, the service and most importantly, the food, made this place absolutely the best dining experience we have had. We considered it better than any similar restaurants we have been to in New York or Italy.
The location is just off of Broad in South Philly and parking was no problem on the street .
It is small, and once one passes the front kitchen/pizza section, two charming little rooms contain small tables set up cosily.It feels one is in a small neighborhood restaurant in Italy.
The waiters were very attentive and without asking they divided my girlfriend's and my dishes on separate plates after overhearing that we were talking about trying each other's dishes. We were very impressed by this!
The food was simply the best we have ever had; the grilled calamari and the shrimp appetizer were out of this world. The gnocci with mushrooms and the duck were also exeptional. The desserts were also fantastic. The tab of approx $85 was very reasonable for what we had.
Now i want to bring back my entire family so they can also experience this exceptional place.I came here for my birthday with a group of 23 people. Sadly we couldn't all fit on one table so we ended up splitting into 2 group, which was unfortunately but there was nothing they could do about it. It's BYOB, service is excellent and food is seriously so delicious. For someone who has to serve 23 obnoxious people, our waiter was so patience with us. He open our wines immediately, brought us our glasses and told us to be as loud as we went to once the couple next to us leaves (it was almost time to close). 
Even though we made reservations, we did end up waiting almost an hour to get seated, but then again, I can't blame them because we were a huge group. Def will go back again soon.I have read that thi restaurant is perfect for a first date, Well it is definitely true! The re is a lot of specials  and the food is just delicious. I had for the asparagus and shrimp in a sort of basalmic sauce which blended perfectly. For the entree I had the lanb which was absolutely amazing! The atmosphere is really intimate and the service is great (a little hard to understand the italian accent!). Had a great time !I can't believe I never reviewed L'Angolo (translates roughly as "The Corner"...fitting as it is on a corner).  The place is tiny, you walk through the kitchen to get to the ultra cramped tables, surrounded by mismatched, Italian artwork and photos.  Still the food is better than most Italian in the city and the prices are insane.  You'll leave for under $30 a person in most situations!   
The pasta is generally very good, the meats can be hit or miss.  It's pretty authentic and, for the price, a relative steal.  Grab a solid bottle of Chianti or Dolcetto and rock this joint.
PS. Like in any South Philly area, parking can be a nightmare.Went there a couple times. Not inexpensive but food and service was excellent. Pretty sure it was byob.Excellent food and service.  We tried a number of appetizers, entrees and desserts and they were all winners.  It's BYOB, but they do have limoncello.  It was better than limoncello I had when I lived in Italy.  It's a small space so be sure to make a reservation.  We will definitely be back!Some of the best Italian food I've ever had.  Gnocchi melted in my mouth.  Grilled calamari was incredibly flavorful.  Service was efficient, laid back and friendly.  BYOB.  Very small room, very small menu, food made to order.  Reasonably priced, especially for the quality.  I will be back.The food was amazing!  Fresh, delicious, more than enough on the plate. Best key lime cheese cake. Staff were wonderful, price was fair. Can't wait to go back.I am a huge italian food fan, I sometimes tell people i should have been born italian because i like the food so much. 
the food here was very good and I enjoyed my good old spaghetti and meat balls very much. as well as a mixture of appetizers shared between my friends and I.
the only reason I did not give a perfect five star rating is because the service was a little slow. I come from a family of waitresses and I have grown to appreciate a good waiter and i felt that we could have been checked on a bit more. when we needed refills we found ourselves all trying to flag down the waiter. 
I would still go back just make sure to drink your beverage slow.Great little neighborhood joint. Good food, nice rustic ambiance. One of those "ya gotta try at least once" places to see if ya like it.Great, authentic byob. Delicious, flavorful traditional Italian food in a cozy atmosphere. Very reasonable prices. One of the best Italian byos I have been to yet. Will most definitely by back. Parking is easy and chefs/servers friendly and accommodating.I read the reviews and was really in the mood for some ravoli. To my dismay, the ravoli at L'Angolo was tough and not good. Parking is a nightmare, but that was expected. Also would have liked some good olive oil or olive spread for the bread. The spread they offer was too sweet.  Staff was friendly and service was timely. Nice dining area with tables spaced well. Other dishes (gnocchi and spaghetti bolognese) tried by my family were enjoyed.Absolutely fantastic in every way. Perfect date night spot. I had the Maiale, super tender. Great prices as well.
Call ahead and get a reservation, the restaurant is small and fills quickly.It's rare to find a quality Italian restaurant for one. For two, it's hard to find one that isn't overpriced.  Every time I've been here, I've never had a bad meal or experience. Everything from the service, to how long each course comes out, to the food quality, has been perfectly consistent.
Big tip: if you have the time, go here for lunch. It's amazingly affordable (the price range for an entree is $10-$13), and you don't have to worry about reservations. 
There are few restaurants that I obsess about going back to, and L'angelo's one of them!Absolutely lovely. Started coming here years ago, right when they opened. It's truly a magical place with some of the most lovingly prepared Italian food you'll ever find--anywhere. My favorite restaurant when I'm home in Philly!This is a South Philly neighborhood gem!  Really great Italian food.  Great for a date place.  Home-made pastas are amazeballs! They had a vegetable appetizer special which was incredible.  They have delicious seafood and the pork chop special is a must try.  Pumpkin cheesecake with a double espresso for dessert makes for a nice finish.  At first it seems like there are too many tables for the size of the restaurant but once you open your bottle (BYO) and focus on your date, everything else fades into the background.Best southern Italian meal ever. Amazing from appetizer to dessert. Very kind staff. Best part...not super noisy for such a small restaurant. BYOB, too.This small, neighborhood place was wonderful. Great service, great food. The tomato-mozzarella salad with balsamic fig glaze was exceptional. My veal with shrimp in wine sauce was also fine, and a hearty portion to boot. Others at the table rave about the gnocchi, the braciole and the chicken in lemon sauce. All the desserts - tiramisu, chocolate torte, gelato and cannoli - were perfect meal enders. 
There are only about 10 tables and I would be hard to seat a party larger than six. Make a reservation. And be aware that it is BYOB.One of the best in its price category. No exceptions. My folks took me to this Italian joint the last week...Wow! double wow!  Everyone of us was dreaming of the next time we would return. the Pasta Bolognese was well crafted, The veal dishes where amazing, the mussel linguine was sublime , the braised beef and tomato spaghetti blew my mom's mind(her mind is easily blown)...the only dish that was suspect was the roasted cauliflower and onion pasta dish...pOps said it had too much salt...oh well. guess where I am going next time I am back in Philly?Stop the presses! This is the spot! Forget all the other Italian places and make this the only one on your list. The people are so friendly and respectful, and the place is very inviting and warm. All the best vibes you could ever ask for. But, the food....my god the food. The bread is unreal. Do yourselves a favor and get the grilled artichokes. In my opinion, one of the best, most flavorful things on the menu in terms of appetizers. But all of them are so solid. The octopus, the papardelle pasta....man all of them! As for main courses....you can't go wrong with any of the choices there either. Hell, that's what makes it so good! You can get any entree and you won't be disappointed. I mean, I can't think of a better choice of options in any place I have ever been to. Tell your family. Tell your friends. Get to this place and experience some of the best food you can! Your taste buds will dance for joy the rest of the night! Do it!Yelpers--what did you see that I missed??  I really didn't see anything special in L'Angolo.
I started off with the veal ravioli special, which was good.  But my entree, the duck orcchiette (which everyone seems to love) was really sub-par.  I thought the duck was unusually game-y and the sauce tasted like Campbell's chicken broth.  My husband's Spaghetti allo Scoglio wasn't much better.  Maybe we went on an off-night, but with so many wonderful (and consistent) Italian restaurants in the area, I'm not planning on giving them a second chance.So happy I rediscovered this restaurant.   The food and staff are of excellent quality. This is the place for authentic quality Italian food.I first visited this place in 2011 and then revisited in 2016. I've since been there four more times and must say have not been disappointed yet with quality of food quantity of food or quality of services. This place hadn't changed a bit as far as I can tell and that's a good thing. It is a small mom and pops place with about 16 to 20 tables. I highly recommend making a reservation especially if going on the weekendBy far the best italian restaurant we have ever eaten at. So good we make sure when travelling to & from NY and Florida for winter we make Philadelphia an overnight stop just to eat there. 
Everything homemade, service exceptional in this small restaurant with nice ambiance. 
BYOB helps make the cost even more reasonable with their evry reasonable prices.It's tough to keep the same freshness and perfection when getting an order through UberEATS. L'angolo does just that. Everything from the Caesar salad to the bolognese was amazing!Food is very good, however the place is a little loud if you are planning to come here for a date night.  BYOB is a plus though!Eccellente! Incredibile!  Had dinner there last evening ahead of a show at the Kimmel Center.  Can say enough, and its a BYOB!   The waiters are great, always seem to anticipate what you may need next.  The food - melt in your mouth.   Its definitely become our go-to place when we are in or near S. Philly.Cozy South Philly Italian spot with a small but delicious menu.  Bonus points for BYO and great service. Parking can be tough in the neighborhood but you should be able to find something on Broad.Perfecto!   I can figure out why it only has 4.5 stars?!?    The food was amazing.  I highly recommend the grille calamari app. - this is the way it should be served, fresh, light, literally melt in your mouth.  Service was over the top. Seating was tight, but I have to tell you, it was a great atmosphere! Everyone there seemed to be thoroughly enjoying their dinner and company and you still could have a private conversation.  Can't give this enough praise.  We will definitely be back, and probably will be a reason to just go to the city!  We live NW of Philly and it takes us 1-1.5hrs because of traffic.Beautiful BYOB. Start by walking through the kitchen, being greeted by the cooks and waiters. It makes you feel like you're entering a Tuscan villa!
Inside, the tables are cramped so get use to hobnobbing with fellow diners. 
Get the artichoke hearts to start. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi. I very much doubt you'll have room for dessert. I never have!
Space is limited and you'll need a reservation. There are usually only two sittings on a week night.I loved this place.  Wanted good Italian near my home in Philly and hooray for Yelp helping me find this restaurant.  
BF had the linguine and clams, we both had excellent Caesar salads.  I had the lamb special.  Wonderful.  Tiramisu for dessert was ok, but his hazelnut gelato was orgasmic.  Took leftovers home, re-heated the next day and was perfect comfort food in this cold weather.
Reservations recommended, and yes, allow extra time to find a parking space and walk over. (ah, Philly).   If you come late you may be the only couple left at 9 pm, making it more romantic.  Not a lot of seating in this restaurant, so it's 'cozy'.  Service was brusque and efficient, but not rude, got better as more folks left the restaurant and the waiters could relax a bit.  I hope to go back and try more entrees.  Thank you, L'Angolo!Great place for authentic to go food! They were so nice when we asked for plastic cutlery and they were out they offered to give us their silver! Great example of south philly Italian food.Was recently back in Philly visiting the in-laws and determined to find an alternative to Marra's (which I adore by the way). How great was it to be squeezed in last minute  for a table of 4 on a Saturday evening? Pretty friggin awesome actually. I loved L'Angelo from the sec we walked in and past the kitchen. Our entrees were stellar, the service was attentive and appropriate to a joint in the hood and the prices were so fair. BUT...the appetizers were a bit overpriced and stingy when being shared by 4 peeps. A slight reduction in price or a slight increase in portion would not kill them. The shrimp in the grilled asparagus/prosciutto/shrimp appetizer was pretty tough and the portion was far too meager but very very tasty nonetheless. 
The moral of the story is: get an easier to find and read on-line menu; tweak the prices and portions of the appetizers and I will love you all forever. 
A great place in a great hood in a great city.Good food, great service! 
The waiter handed our menus, told us the specials for tonight, and opened our bottle of pinot grigio without us asking :) Our waiter was more than glad to help in describing dishes that we couldn't pronounce. Could use a little more breathing room around our table, but I guess this is normal for S. Philly BYOs
The grilled calamari and baked mushrooms that we ordered for appetizers came out excellent! The seafood spaghetti in spicy white sauce that my friend ordered is OMGG good. I got one of the specials for the night, veal ravioli in a cream sauce. It was actually a little too heavy and dense for me, but the flavors were fantastic. Tiramisu was just okay for me. 
This was my first Italian BYOB experience and it was awesome!Classic Italian in classic south philly. Interesting penne with eggplant sauce!  Yup. Very interesting 
It was a special occasion for my son as he won an award for reading for Ronald McDonald house. 
He got the gnocchi marinara. "Dad this place is awesome"!  
Not 5 stars because it was packed And took a little while to get our food also
Limited vegetarian options.I can't speak highly enough about L'Angolo. I went there for dinner for the first time a year ago as my "carbo-loading" before the Broad Street Run. Let me tell you, there is no better place in the city to fill up on pasta than L'Angolo. I've been there several times throughout the year since then, and every time I have been there (regardless of the occasion or party size), the service has been impeccable and the food has been incredible. I would make recommendations, but I have seriously not had anything there that I wouldn't recommend and/or order again. No matter what you order, you won't be disappointed.A great South Philly find!  Southern Italian served in a private home setting.  The quarters are a little tight, but the food, friendly staff, and BYO status more than makes up for that!  Everything on the menu, from traditional antipasto and home made pasta to fresh fish and veal dishes, are made with loving care.  Make sure to make a reservations, and be prepared to navigate the narrow streets and double parking.  Believe me, it will be work it!I was not a fan. I was a human being attempting to satiate my appetite on a nice fall evening, and I was greatly disappointed. My darling lover and I wanted to enjoy a nice Italian dinner (as lovers do), but ended up wishing we had settled for take-out. Our server was nice and friendly, but the dining area was cramped - I had to side-step between other patrons just to get to my seat in the corner of the restaurant.
For appetizers, we ordered the grilled romaine (a special that night), and the grilled calamari. The calamari was slightly undercooked, and the grilled romaine left an unpleasant oily residue on my lips - I felt like I had just made out with a vat of vegetable oil. Slightly disappointed, we were looking forward to our mean course. My darling beau ordered the lobster ravioli; I, the ribbon pasta was shredded boar ragu (a special). The wait time was not long, but I felt my face drop as soon as the meal was set before us. The portion of pasta was very small - about the size of my fist. I was assured by our waiter that it was a hearty portion, but it barely put a dent in my appetite at all. My better half said that the lobster ravioli did not taste fresh.
I don't go into any restaurant expecting it to be the best, but this was a let down on several levels. For the price, there is no reason why I should order an appetizer and entree, eat everything on my plates, and still leave hungry, feeling that the bread was the best part of the meal.
I'll just put it this way - this place made me want Olive Garden.My husband moved here from Italy last year and he rates the food here as the best Italian food he's had in the US.  But great food is not all this place offers.  The restaurant is warm, cozy and welcoming.  Not a hint of pretentiousness (thank the stars).  The servers, chefs (you get to walk right by them) and hosts are friendly and go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your visit.  There are so many good things on the menu, it's hard to know where to start.  The bracciola is one of our favorites.  The mussels are fresh and delicious.  Desserts are also fresh and super tasty.  I'd recommend L'Angolo for a date or for a larger crowd (although you'd need a reservation).  This place is truly one of the best in Philly- a hidden and unique little gem very much worth taking the trip to South Philly.  We're sure to be back again....and again.....and again.Stumbled across L'Angolo in South Philly and couldn't be happier! Tidy, intimate, delicious BYO neighborhood Italian spot! Nice people, fantastic atmosphere, and absolutely scrumptious pasta dishes! If you are looking for a great, old school, classic neighborhood experience - look no further! You will not be disappointed.Food was great down to the homemade bread ! You can't beat BYOB. Finding this GEM on Yelp with such great reviews was a huge help ok getting my Italian fix.We had an excellent Sunday brunch/lunch experience here. The general manager was extremely attentive and conversational. Portions were substantial as well, so I had leftovers for another meal or two. We were out for a family meal, so we were taking our time and enjoying the conversation. Not once did the waitstaff or manager rush us, even though there were not many diners left by the time we were winding down. The manager even brought us a nice post-lunch drink to enjoy. How thoughtful! It really speaks his care for the customers and his excellent leadership in cultivating the restaurant's image. Thank you for the wonderful service.Excellent local restaurant that cares about the product and treats the customers well. Not just a meal but more like a food experience because the whole team is into it and it shows. The menu variety is balanced and the skills in the kitchen are apparent once you begin eating. Reservations are best if you want to lock in a table. Byob lets you have the wine you want. Parking is nearly impossible but that is expected. Some will find it cramped and noisy and others will feel at home. Just relax and enjoy the meal. I will return and update my review.L'Angolo features food from Puglia which is the chef's home town. Don't look for red gravy here its more centered on seafood and select meat dishes. Specials are always a treat. BYOB and friendly atmosphere. Back in the day they served complimentary home made Lemoncello. ..This little gem of south Philly! Amazing food! The cutest and nicest staff! Very accommodating to my late call for reservation change on a friday night and even once we were there they allowed us to move our table out of the doorway when another table opened up. 
I had the seafood spaghetti dish-- delicious. Not over salty. Great portions of seafood. Garlic sauce on point. 
The BF went with chicken parm. Generous portion size! Even HE couldn't eat it all! 
Cannoli for dessert, perfect. 
Can't wait to come back!Small as everyone here has noted but we had a good time.  The food is all good.  Great bread, appetizers and entrees.  My grilfriend's gnocci melted in your mouth.  My roommate ordered the lamb and was very impressed.  It's probably my fault for ordering it, but I got the spaghetti bolognese and it was good, though not 5 star great.  I guess I'm a bit picky!  But a solid 4 to 4 1/2 stars for this great BYOB.I'll coworker of mine recommended this restaurant as he has been going there for  many years. I was not disappointed. Small, cozy BYOB with excellent service and excellent food. My wife ordered the smoke mozzarella dish and I ordered grilled calamari for appetizers. Both are awesome. However, they were outshined by the ossobucu which literally fell off the bone and melted in our mouth. I was torn between ordering the seafood pasta dish and the the homemade pasta with duck. Our waiter made decision easy for me by telling me he was happy to split my order and give me a sampling of both for my entrée. Both were excellent, and I polished off both plates. The homemade pasta was unbelievable. We were too full to try any of the deserts, but our waiter topped off our meal with a complementary shot of lemoncello which really hit the spot. My wife and I cannot wait to go again and are hoping to be able to save enough room to try dessert The next time.Walked in at around 5 on a Friday and the place was empty.  They asked if I had a reservation and i said, yes, Dr. King, Martin Luther King, and the guy cooking chuckled. Had the mussels in red that was brothy but tasty, arugula salad that was missing other stuff, and we split a veal chop which was very good.  Will go back again when in town  an will try the caprice and meatballs.  I like byob and we drank vodka and wine.  Canolis were tasty, place had nice ambiance and definitely South Philly.As we entered, we were greeted by a very friendly staff. The restaurant is small, but has a nice ambiance about it. I would suggest reservations. 
We started with an incredible grilled calamari appetizer and a delicious cold octopus salad. We followed this with three absolutely incredible main dishes. All were some of the best food we have ever had. We finished with a cannoli, sea salt and caramel gelato, and chocolate tort with raspberry sauce. 
The food, ambiance, and staff were fantastic, and we will definitely come again. 
Note: It is BYOBDelicious.  Great service and great food make this a go to spot. Pasta and gravy is perfectly cooked, fresh and delicious. Specials are usually worthwhile. The atmosphere has a very old world south Philly feeling, and you can actually hold a conversation and hear what is being said.Been going to L'Angolo for a while now.  Food is always very good and so is the service.  Came here tonight with some family visiting from out of town.  We had a blast and they did a great job.  Thanks L'Angolo!I highly enjoyed L'Angolo.  I went here with my husband and the in-laws for a Mother's Day dinner. 
The service was excellent.  Our host and waiter were really attentive and and nice.  It's small inside, but cozy and not ridiculously loud.  You can enjoy your conversation without having to yell at each other.  I would recommend getting reservations; also, it's a BYOB, so don't forget the wine! 
I got the gnocchi and it was excellent!  Perfectly executed.  The other dishes that were ordered were the lobster ravioli, the veal, and the orecchiette with the duck.  Everyone really loved their meal.  Just a warning, the plates are large.  I was pretty stuffed when I finished my dinner.  We got the cannoli for dessert, which was rich and delicious, but not the best I've ever had.  Don't get me wrong, it was good; I'm not complaining.  I've just had better cannoli before.  
Overall, I would definitely return and I would recommend it.  It's reasonably priced, had great service, and great food.  You can't really go wrong!This place is absolutely delicious.  I've never had pasta Bolognese as good as this.  The meat was slow cooked and not just ground meat.  Cesar salad was top notch with 2 huge triangles of parm cheese.  Can't wait to go back.First time eating in south Philly so I checked Yelp and had to try L'angola.  So happy we did. Everything was on point from all reviews. The staff was excellent. The appetizers excellent.  The dinners excellent. Dessert was excellent. Prices were fair. I would highly recommend and can't wait to go back.  We had the eggplant, mozzarella special, veal chop, homemade gnocchi, spaghetti bolognese, cheesecake. And I must say everything was fantastic.L'Angolo is a quaint Italian BYOB focusing on seafood. The environment is casual but quiet and refined. 
Dinner started with bread service. The bread was decent. The crumb and crust were both a bit dry. The sundried tomato and olive oil blend with which it was served were sweet and unctuous. It helped make up for the mediocrity of the bread. 
We ordered the grilled calamari and herbed olive oil which is served over a bed of wilted arugula. The calamari's flavor was smoky and salty (perhaps a bit much salt). The execution of the meat was perfect, tender yet firm. 
For the main course, I ordered the Spaghetti Scoglio. This is a large noodle dish arrayed with lots of mussels, calamari (not grilled), and shrimp. The flavor profile was excellent: garlicky, sweet, savory, herbaceous, and delicious. However, the shrimp and the spaghetti were poorly executed. The shrimp was overcooked, dry and too tough. The spaghetti was just a bit undercooked (should have sat an extra 90 seconds in simmering red sauce). The pasta is, unfortunately, dried box/bag pasta. 
For dessert, the Tiramisu was excellent. Flavors were delicate and creamy. The dessert was earthy enough from the coffee, savory enough from the cream, and sweet enough from the eggs, marscapone, and sugar.
L'Angolo provides a memorable Italian meal in a smart casual environment. The food was mostly well-executed with attention to complexity and breadth of flavor. Their service was kind and attentive. Dine here if you're looking for a good Italian dinner in the moderate price range.We were warmly greeted by the chef and entire wait staff as though we were "famiglia".... The atmosphere was cozy, freshly painted and felt like an Italian grotto. Our grilled romaine, Gorgonzola and balsamic reduction salad was savory and well balanced. Our veal ravioli in a cream sauce appetizer was exquisite. My wife loved her chicken breast with golden raisins and onions with a side of their spaghetti bolognese. I enjoyed my mahi mahi, mussels, clams, shrimp and calamari, however I would have preferred the fish to be less smothered in the broth. The marscapone cheesecake was amazing. We felt the service, food and atmosphere were outstanding and we will recommend it to our friends.Love the atmosphere here. Great service. The food was very very good. Highly recommended!This is only the second time we've been there and it continues to impress us. Service is great, food wonderful with many options of fresh pasta! I was undecided on two different pasta dishes and the waiter said since we aren't busy ( we had a 5 pm reservation) he would do half of each. He also accommodated our friends request with no issues. Make reservations as it is a small place, get there early to park as it's is street parking only. But you won't be disappointed!L'Angolo Ristorante is absolutely amazing. It was by far the best Italian food I have ever had in Philadelphia. The staff was great and very friendly. I loved the atmosphere. It felt like I was actually in Italy. For dessert I got cheesecake. I'm not a huge fan of cheesecake, but I got it anyway. This cheesecake is homemade, and it was by far the BEST cheesecake I have ever had. I was very pleased with my overall experience at this restaurant, and I cannot wait to go back. I highly recommend it!Went again last week and as usual the food was outstanding. The portion sizes are just right and the prices are down right incedible. I am glad that Jessica will not be giving it a second chance, its crowded enough as it is.Very good BYOB, it's a small restaurant so do make sure you make a reservation and bring a good bottle of wine with you!Excellent:  Food-delicious in all aspects
Excellent: service amazing
Little tiny gem that has a very warm atmosphere- it fellas tough you are sitting ing in someone's home
The staff could not do enough for us! This restaurant really cares about all the guests,
Please make a reservation. One of the best in Philadelphia,!!Brought my wife and two adult kids here for daughter's birthday dinner. Have eaten here several times before and always good. This time was also very good. The special Veal Chop was superb as was the asparagus rolled in prosciutto and shrimp in balsmaic vinegar. Evryone else's meal was great too and very reasonable. The bread is hot and delicious with the olive oil tapenade accompanying it.
A few notes:
We wanted to order the special of grilled striped bass, shrimp and calamari that the waiter suggested. When ordered, the waiter came back after taking our order to the kitchen and told us that the fish wasn;t done yet. How can it be a special and at 7PM they say it wasn't doen yet?
At dessert time, we ordered the suggested fabulous Tirmisu and once agin, the waiter came back and told us the dessert was still frozen and couldn;t be served. Weird as the table next to us ordered it and received it about a half hour earlier.
Even with these two weird instances, I would still recommend this establishment.L' Angolo was highly recommended by a friend and I will in turn highly recommend it to my friends. I have only been once, but every single thing that my friend and I had was delicious. We had the antipasti sampler to start and it was delicious! They give you a plate full of samples of all of their antipasti dishes (beets, cauliflower, bean salad, polenta (i think), pickeld peppers, eggplant and more), definitely get that as a starter if you go! I had the gnocci with shrimp in a ricotta cheese sauce. They were amazing! the gnocci's were perfectly cooked little light pillows (not doughie and heavy like at some places). I personally don't like ricotta much at all, but this sauce was amazing, it was not to cheesy, was lightly flavored by the accompanying shrimp and was a lot lighter than i thought it would be. My friend had the pepperdelle pasta which was also very good. For dessert I had the Tiramisu and she had the pumpkin marscapone cheescake. The desserts were delicious and also well portioned. Our whole bill came to $60, which was really nice for 3 courses of delicious and well portioned food.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia hands down and perhaps my all time favorite restaurant. Been coming here since 2012. Tried others in south philly and this is still my place. I love their pork shank, seafood platter, lamb chop, really everything. This place doesn't disappoint and there are always other friendly patrons.It's a tiny little gem. About $20/entree... Frikkin delish. 
They had quite a few specials for the evening and I chose to start with one of the salad specials. It was definitely large enough to share with another person because they also bring out bread and oil. 
I had the lobster ravioli and was pleased that the pasta was al dente and there was enough lobster inside that I actually had to chew. Really good. A bit oily but very flavorful. 
My date had the eggplant & ricotta penne. Again perfectly cooked pasta. Great flavor. We both had leftovers so I'd say portion size is adequate for even a big eater. 
Service was terrific (and easy on the eyes). They leave you be and allow you to enjoy your meal, wine, and company. Can't wait to take some friends and try more dishes. Larger groups will likely need reservations as this place is small.Went for my third time in as many years.  I'd have gone more often if I didn't want to wear out the best reasonably-priced Italian BYO in a city full of them.  
A friend recently went on my recommendation and said that it reminded him of some restaurants in southern Italy he had visited.  I countered that my only complaint was the just-a-tad-shy-of-cheesy decor, and he responded without a beat that the decor was part of the appeal.
I won't go into what we ordered other than to say that the artichoke appetizer special has been consistently fantastic for years (ask for it if it's not available) and I especially enjoy the orecchiette with shredded duck.  Just get here and fast.Absolutely wonderful dinner! The food, the staff and the ambience were all top notch. First time and will definitely be going back. Parking  was difficult, but the $10 valet was worth every penny. Great wine list and extensive menu.We arrived to the restaurant and we didn't know it's preferred to make a reservation and they were kind enough to accommodate us right away. The place is amazing, only a few tables but I love small places like that. I ordered lobster ravioli and it was outstanding! Wonderful experience!Overall, Great food and a great vibe with reasonable prices. Wasn't thrilled by the mussels, but the Lobster Ravioli and homemade gnocchi were incredible. Casual but elegant atmosphere with really nice servers.Everything is delicious from the moment you sit down to the moment you leave. The bread they bring you is warm out of the oven and delicious. The veal ravioli was incredible and the chicken parm was also delicious. We started with the classic caesar salad which was very good as well. I have no complaints about this restaurant and I definitely plan on coming backI really loved this place. The fact that you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the dining area certainly adds a bit of charm and movie style ambience.  I went with some girlfriends and a few bottles of wine. We had intended to go somewhere else, but discovered they were closed for a vacation so we scrambled for a second choice and realized fate was on our side that night. We called L'Angolo and made a last minute reservation, I think we may have snagged the last table. 
We shared a few apps, including an artichoke special. I am such a sucker for an artichoke special. It did not disappoint.  For my entree I opted for the gnocchi and omitted the shrimp to make it veggie. It was delicious.  Everyone else loved their entrees too. Next time I'm going with other veggies so I can try more stuff! The bill was so cheap since it's BYO and service was spot on with frequently filled waters. Go!L'Angolo has been one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, BYO or otherwise, for quite some time. It's not just because the menu is solid, it's not just Nino getting me uncomfortably drunk on limoncello, it's not just the ravioli di aragosta in cream sauce (which has made me roll my eyes back into my skull on more than one occasion).
It's that they're very down to earth, genuinely nice people who happen to run a fabulous little Italian place. The space is cramped but cute, the waitstaff is friendly but not overly talkative, and the kitchen can turn out plates quickly and consistently.
Try: the calamari, the gnocchi, the aforementioned lobster ravioli, the chocolate torte (with a glass of red wine, please.) If they have the gamberi con prosciutto, get that too, but I haven't seen it in awhile.
Parking may be an issue if you're driving, but you'll probably be a block or two away at most.lovely little hole in the wall spot in south Philly! 
the service could be better, but they were busy when we came here on a Friday night at 7:30. 
As many others have said, the burrata dish is to die for! I love that it is served with prosciutto and arugula. The perfect trifecta.
The grilled calamari is a nice change of pace from the usual overplayed and overly-fried dish, but I wish they served it with marinara sauce on the side rather than olive oil. 
The pasta dishes are huge! I had the bolognese and was pleased. The sauce is good but the dish is quite heavy. I wasn't able to finish it. The pasta was perfectly al dente, so A+ there. 
I love that this place is BYOB as well! Would love to try again, perhaps at their new Havertown location!Live across the street. Came in after eye surgery to order up take out. Mozz pepper app(server didnt know what the item was) and that should have been a hint. Burnt hard cheese like rubber. Inedible veg. Chix parm was the worst ever(rubber as well) with literally 8 ind. Pieces of pasta.My husband and I wanted to have a date night before we separated for the holidays and decided we wanted to try an old school Italian place in South Philly that we've never tried before.  I'm so incredibly happy that we discovered L'Angolo and it is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in Philly now.  Loved the following:
1) It's BYO, enough said
2) EVERYTHING is made fresh including the bread, pasta, tiramisu
3) The staff is so incredibly friendly that when you're sitting in the front area where the kitchen is, it almost feels like you're sitting in a family members kitchen having dinner with them
We had the grilled octopus which my husband said was his favorite and the smoked mozzarella to start which was my favorite.  The bread was so fresh and the tapenade they gave for the bread was out of this world.  I could go there just to eat the bread and tapenade.
For dinner I had the spaghetti bolognese which was amazing and my husband had the chicken parm, also great.  We ended with the tiramisu and even jokingly tossed around the idea of ordering a 2nd piece to take home for later.
This is a can't miss in Philly and it's a shame that it took us so long to discover it.So freakin good. My husband, mother-in-law went in here on a whim and it was awesome. Everything there is delicious. Their gnocchi is out of this world. The staff is friendly and the service is great.
This place is the best, freaking go already.
But first make a reservation...Great little place with big service and super tasty and bright food. Found on yelp and must say, it's the best place found yet. We were down for the marathon and needed some carbs. We found what we needed and much more. Staff super helpful and we're able to seat us early.I love the atmosphere at L'Angolo's.  The staff is incredibly nice and the food is great. I need to get back there, it has been a bit since my last visit.We had a big group (14) for my wife birthday dinner last Thursday night. This is one of the best Italian restaurants I've ever been to. All of the staff were very friendly and the food was awesome. I had the pork special and most of the table ordered either ravioli specials or seafood. We also ordered several very good apps. This is BYOB, so bring some wine. The only downside is that this place is small, so be sure to make reservations. I highly recommend having dinner at L'Angolo next time you head down to South Philly!Very good lunch, flexible to create pasta which doesn't exists in menu. 
Very good serviceI found this place from Yelp!  Definitely lived up to its rating.  We were a party of 6. Every dish ordered was delicious. We had veal Milanese, gnocchi w pesto, pasta w broccoli rabe, seared scallops as appet., pasta w lamb meat, melted mozzarella cheese appet and a few desserts. Best dessert was key lime cheese cake.  Don't forget to BYOB.  We waited about 15 minutes past our reservations but well worth it. The waiter was extremely attentive and great service.  Highly recommend!!!We were at the airport marriott and found this in a local review. The meal was some of the best Italian food I've ever had. We eat out at home in SF at wonderful places and never expected this neighborhood gem to be as good BUT it was! Redddy helped us park too! What servicemy favorite byob in the city and I have been to them all! grilled calamari and the intimate atmosphere can't wait to get backWow! That's all I can say. The service and food was excellent. I had the Mahi Mani special my hubby he the lobster ravioli. For appetizers some speciality mozzarella fig and some grains salad. Wow.  Desert the mascarpone cheesecake made my the owners wife. Excellent. Great find off the touristy strip. Narrow streets. Byob. Oh so good we didnt have time to stop and take a picture. Fyi leave the strollers in the car. Its a nice intimate restaurant. 1 high chair I was told.Ginormous portions and very reasonable price! Deliciousness! Highly recommend for dinner and make sure you make reservations. The grilled calamari was so fresh and flavorful. The chicken parm was so good. The marinara sauce was hearty.I never ever leave reviews but I just called to place an order for pick up and the guy who awnsered the phone to take my order was incredibly rude. I simply asked 2 questions, if they accept take out orders and if they had a lunch menu. He was condescending towards me while telling me to just look at the website. All you had to say was yes or no. I already knew what I wanted to order I just didn't know if there was 2 different menu options. As soon as he told me to look at the website he said he had to put me on hold. Trust me I wouldn't write this unless he was being a real dick to me. I hung up and took my business to another restaurant on the same block. This restaurant will never get my business now.This restaurant was recommended by a local friend as well as having good reviews on yelp. I had the best gnocchi that I have ever experienced , tender and light,  with an asiago cheese sauce that was just perfect. There was a salad special that had a ball of mozzerella that was so creamy- unbelievable!. The service was attentive and very timely. Do yourself a favor and try this restaurant.Great place, small so I would recommend reservations. The mussels were amazing along with the prosciutto wrapped veal, also very good prices. Would recommend to anyone for a nice date night.I've been going here for years and recommending it as much as possible. Though I was a little scared at first that it might become super popular and impossible to get a reservation, I think it's far enough from Center City that it'll remain relatively unchanged for years to come. And that's a very good thing, because this place is perfection.
As far as BYOs and Italian restaurants go, L'Angolo is definitely my favorite in Philly. I don't think the menu's changed since the first time I went, but that's also a very good thing. You really can't go wrong. And you won't leave feeling like a glutton--even after polishing of an app, a main course, a bunch of wine, dessert, and some limoncello.
Make sure to call a few days or a week ahead for a reservation. If you call same day, you'll usually have two choices--5 or 9:30--not the worst thing in the world!Food is fabulous, service is terrific. The place is full of local charm; couldn't have enjoyed our visit more.Another winner based on Yelp recommendations.  Sat in the kitchen with the Bride. She had the veal and I had the swordfish.  Both were very good.   Split the Wild Boar Pappardelle appetizer...awesome.  Brought a nice 2007 Brunello that was a perfect addition.(to the tune of That's Amore by Dean Martin)
When you head to the South, for pasta in your mouth
That's L'Angolo...
When your party's so big that the room barely fits,
That's L'Angolo!
Pass the bread, girl, you'll leave well fed, yes you'll leave well fed
And you'll say "Oh, my belly!"
But the wine, oh it tastes so fine, yes it tastes so fine,
BYO makes you silly....
When the veal's cooked with zeal, and it gives you the feels
That's L'Angolo...
When you float from the doors, "Roll me home!" you'll all roar,
That's L'Angolo!
I went with a party of 18. Let that sink in. 18 hungry, young professionals armed with their favorite bottles of wine and looking for some fun with friends - we couldn't have left more satisfied. From the service (patient, attentive, hilarious) to the space (the back, they pushed enough chairs and tables to be plenty accommodating) to the price (not cheap, mind you, but totally affordable, and the value was off the charts. BYOBing is a game changer)... but let's just talk about the FOOD!
I enjoyed bites of many dishes, but the one I chose as my dinner date, the Vitello l'angolo (veal medallions, shrimp, roasted red peppers, white wine) was so divine I'm still thinking about it. I'm not terribly wild about pasta, so it was exciting to see a menu with several non-noodle dishes. These veal medallions were cooked to perfection, over a bed of potatoes and broccoli, and made my tastebuds sing.
Worth the trip.Excellent food here and a very friendly staff. I took my girlfriend here right before I left for job training in Chicago for a month and this was very memorable. I got the seafood pasta dish which was delicious and a very generous plate. The seating was the only difficult element of the evening, we took an undesirable table right next to the kitchen in order to minimize our wait time even though we had made a reservation in advance, this was supposed to be a temporary arrangement. However, they more than made up for it when they were unable to relocate us to a better table by giving us a delicious dessert on the house. This place is definitely among the top BYOB's in the city.Best byob!! Order burrata cheese salad!!! Make reservations early. It is a charming place, authentic, Italian, amazing!!!!Very intimate Italian place in South Philly. It is small inside so I would highly recommend making a reservation. We got there right when they opened last Saturday and were promptly seated. It is BYOB and the bottles of wine were flowing at our table.  They served warm bread with a pepper dipping sauce that was very tasty.  The menu is somewhat limited but you should be able to find an entrée to your liking. As a starter we got the grilled calamari and it got rave reviews (loved that it was not fried). For my entree I went the homemade gnocchi which came with a white sauce and mushrooms which I do not like. They were very accommodating and were able to substitute their red sauce. The entrees were very reasonably priced, large portions and very high quality Italian food.  Of course we saved room for desert and I ordered the salted caramel gelato which was delicious.4.5.. snagged a reservation for dinner for four.  This place is tiny, and a bit out of the way.. but worth it!  
I do like open-kitchen set ups and here the kitchen is near the entrance.  Seating is towards the back.   There appeared to only be 2 servers on the night we were there and 3 or 4 cooks.  
Place was hoppin'.  We had a reservation but still ended up waiting fifteen minutes or so.. one of the servers apologized for it at the end of the night which I found a nice touch.  Food was slow, but service was not.   Staff kept glasses filled with both wine and water.
The food.. we started out with the mussel appetizer in white sauce.  Good mussels.  I liked the warm bread.  Three of us had pastas.  Good portions, and you can tell the pasta was fresh, though my pappardelle was slightly stuck and clumped together.  Mine's was a spring pasta with tomatoes and asparagus, but it was a pretty heavy pasta.  Good when eaten rarely. :)
BYOB.. excellent value, very polite waitstaff, good food.  What's not to like?I love italian food, but this place is overrated. I was excited after reading all these great reviews. The lobster ravioli was decent but not enough lobster flavor and was boring after a few bites. I had the salmon special that was cooked in a tomato sauce served with clams, mussels, and shrimp. I was disappointed. It was basically the same sauce as the spaghetti with mussels, clams, and shrimp. The sauce was missing more tomato flavor and was a bit salty. I admit the servings are large, but it doesn't make up for the average flavors. I would give this place 2.5 stars but bumped it to 3 for portion size. The waiters were nice, but similar to what other diners experienced, I felt rushed to be out within two hours. I guess since they are so small they have to fit more reservations or parties. I won't be coming back here.Excellent lunch menu. Great atmosphere. Courteous staff. Would highly recommend this place.Went to this place for my birthday dinner this past weekend. It was my 5th time going. This restaurant is an excellent Italian byob. The food is great, and so is the ambiance and the service. Some of the food I have tried there:
Grilled calamari
Caprese salad
Gnocchi 
Lamb shank
Pasta in white sauce with shrimp and muscles 
These dishes are not overly complicated but their execution is close to perfect. Seafood is always fresh and meats are top quality and well seasoned. Dining room is small but it would be right at home if it were in Italy. Highly recommend.Absolutely fabulous meal. The atmosphere is great. Reservations is a must. You feel and eat like you are at your aunts dinner table. The butternut squash ravioli was amazing. The bread was so good.  The seafood looked and tasted amazing. I/we will definitely go back.Awesome BYOB..  Good, yummy, classic, Authentico Italian fare.  The waiters are greeting you in italian with super attentive service. Small, intimate place where you are rubbing elbows with your neighbors and seeing what they ordered.  We got the yummy  arugula salad and calmari appetizer.  although I am a die hard mushroom fan, the baked mushrooms on the appetizer list was just ok.  I thoroughly enjoyed the special I ordered, orecchiette with sun dried tomatoes and shrimp plus green scallions. yummy and filling.  We were way too full for dessert!  Great, authentic italian fare!  Would come back for more for sure ;)The food was "out of the world" good.  I had the seafoood special and it was perfectly prepared and the veggies were delicious, too.  Great service and quaint atmosphere.  I also really liked the coffee.  Delicious meal.  Try it out!   A reason to visit South Philly!Love this place. It's my favorite Italian BYOB in the city. 
The food and restaurant are nothing fancy schmancy.. Hearty, authentic Italian cuisine served in an intimate, somewhat-gaudy dining area. L'Angolo has homey vibes and fantastic service.
I recommend the grilled calamari and the osso bucco special if they have it.I have been coming to this restaurant for 4 years and never have been disappointed. First of all, it's BYOB and the food is beyond amazing. It is a tiny hidden gem in South Philadelphia, very accessible by public transportation. If you plan on driving allow yourself some time to locate a parking space. Do not be late for your reservation! Also, just showing up hoping to get in is not a good idea. 
Don't miss out on the appetizers, any grilled calamari, salads with mozzarella, burrata cheese and any special, just get it! You will not be disappointed.
All pastas are home made. The gnocchi is exquisite, so fluffy like a cloud in the heavens. The portions are great; you do not leave this place hungry. You will not be disappointed with any of the dish they offer so I'm going to save myself a carpel tunnel by not reviewing each dish. Always take a chance on the special as well because they are divine! 
Save some room for dessert, especially the cheesecake! The servers are knowledgeable, friendly and very handsome (did I just say that?)!!! LOLI went to this placed based on the reviews I read on Yelp hoping  to find another one of those great little neighborhood places that most people don't know about like Macaroni's in NE Philly on old welsh rd, wow! What a dissapointment. Where do I start, the parking was awful! But, to be expected given the location, the place looked dirty and cramped but I can get past all of that if the food is good,  unfortunately that wasn't the case. The service was bad I felt rushed the whole time I was there. Yhey didn't take a drink orderwhen half way through our meal my date asked for a soda the waiter brought over a dirty glass and a can and just left it on the table. The meals we ordered had no presentation and were not tasty at all, I am a person who eats out 3-4 times a week and have no problem trying new places or traveling to find good food. I was horribly disappointed with everything from the service to the quality  and taste of the food, I don't know if it was a bad night or what. Obviously alot of people like this place,look at the reviews it gets! I just don't understand how. I had a awful experience in every way and would never recommend in any way.SORRY!Best gnocchi I've had in a really long time. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Definitely going back before I leave Philly. Their bread is the best too!!!I absolutely loves this place! I was visiting Phila and my friends took me there for my birthday! We were able to bring our own wine! Loved the tomato and mozzarella
App, the calamari was ok (not fab). I had the veal and shrimp dish- delicious. Others had pasta with seafood and chicken dish! Loved the South philly cannoli- to Die for! And the whole restaurant sang me happy birthday! Very small place and you need Rez!Excellent food and service. Our waiter John was right on top of things. Great gem in the heart of south philly.Handsome waiters/host/staff...
food was delicious
beet salad was beautiful
service was excellent,
reservations strongly encouraged.
menu changed alittle veal has not been on for awhile wasn't up to their standards I was told.
Takes care of their clients.
gracieA little Italian treasure off the beaten path. Freshly prepared food served and prepared by a friendly and helpful staff. A liquor store would be great to have next door since it's BYOB.This BYOB restaurant is a little hidden gem in the middle of an Italian neighborhood in South Philly.  The interior is small but inviting with an open kitchen.  The décor is classic South Philly.  We ordered the Grilled Branzino special which was succulent and flavorful.  The plate was crowded with grilled shrimp and calamari-- everything was perfectly cooked. We also shared the veal Milanese, which was huge served drizzled with balsamic with fresh arugula.  The veal literally melted in my mouth it was so tender!  For dessert we split a pumpkin mascarpone cheesecake, which was light and airy- creamy and not too sweet.  We also tried the sea salt caramel gelato, which was also- perfection!  We had two cups of espresso and even though we were the last 2 in the restaurant- the service never faltered.  They were exceptionally hospitable and timely throughout the service.   I can't wait to go back!We went to L Angolo's and had a great dinner. First we brought a white wine and a red. They put the white wine cooling as we waited for a table. We had shrimp and calamari as an appetizer. The salads were great. We had veal, shrimp, Mahi and a pesto dish among for of us. cannoli for desert was very good. Great evening, casual and very relaxing.If you want great food and great service! I recommend this spot in a heart beat. It's located in south Philly and requires street parking but that's ok bc the food is soooo worth it. I had the daily special grilled octopus and it was perfectly cooked and nicely char grilled.
For main, I had the spaghetti with seafood in red sauce and my husband had the duck parpadelle. Both dishes are a must try and both are very different in flavors. 
We finished with coffee, espresso and tiramisu.
It's byob so remember to bring the wine.Went on a Wednesday night (just got back) and had a really great meal. The appetizer was asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and served with grilled shrimp and a balsamic reduction. Though a bit more expensive than the rest of the appetizers, every bite was thoroughly enjoyable and the helpful host/server/man of many jobs was more than happy to make the dish more approachable for sharing.
In fact, we shared the whole meal and the folks serving us were happy to make this decision all the easier. Between the good food, great service, and cozy atmosphere, I'd absolutely suggest L'Angelo to coupes or small groups looking for a great meal. I do worry that the place could be a lot more crowded during the weekend, but I haven't been there on the weekend yet to verify that guess. 
My only problem with L'Angelo might be the somewhat lackluster bread offerings. Nitpicky? Yes, absolutely. But the bread made an otherwise five star experience into a high four star one. That said, if I were going to recommend an Italian restaurant in Philly without the fancy Center City bells and whistles, this would be it. Great for a date, great for family.Delicious Italian food - fresh and comforting.  Latest favorites: grilled bronzino with calamari in a tomato broth - delicious smoky flavor and delicate texture.  Lamb ossobuco - tender, falling off the bone, flavorful tomat-based sauce and veggies.  Attentive service - authentic Italian feel.  Gelato, tiramisu, cheesecake, cappuccino.... always leave pleased and sated.We were looking for an authentic Italian place and stumbled upon this one on yelp. I'm glad we decided to try this place, we both had the caesar salad and lobster ravioli and enjoyed it very much! We didn't have reservations so they sat us in front of the kitchen, I would recommend making reservations if you want a more comfortable sit down experience.I don't even know how we stumbled across this place, but I'm glad we did.  I called early in the week and could only get a 9pm reservation for Saturday night.  When we arrived, our table wasn't quite ready so we stood next to the open kitchen with our mouths watering watching them cook.  
Heading back to the tiny dining room, I was not looking forward to being crammed in with everyone else, but miraculously, I didn't feel like I was in a small space.  No bumping chairs or elbows or awkwardly trying to inch past other diners.
We started with grilled calamari, endive salad with the freshest buffalo mozzarella, and mushrooms.  It was so good, conversation stopped for a good 10 minutes.  
We all ordered specials, grilled branzino, veal, and veal ravioli.  The veal ravioli had a light cream sauce, just enough to cover them and not enough to overpower them and lose the flavor.  They completely melted in my mouth.
We were too full to have dessert, and the bill for four people (with tip, without alcohol) came to $140, which was a steal for food this good.
I think the night was summed up perfectly when a group of men came in without a bottle of wine and sat down, not realizing it was a BYO, and a woman on the way out of the restaurant placed her own bottle in front of them and said her meal was so good, she felt like she needed to give back to someone.  
We'll definitely be heading back here soon.I adore this place. I've been to tons of other Italian restaurants in Philly and none compare. Plus the pricing is pretty amazing considering the quality of the food. I've never had anything bad, though I don't love the polenta that many of the specials are pared with. Other than that EVERYTHING is spectacular.
Favorites-
Artichoke App Special- everything artichokes should be.
Calamari App- the best I've ever had. Tender, fresh bright and grilled
Anything with the creme sauce (lobster ravioli or gnocchi)- it's rich but not heavy. It tastes like pure cream heaven, and I'm not one for overly rich food.
Grilled seafood specials- Perfectly cooked and just the right touch of grill meets lemon
I've seen couples having an intimate dinner next to a party of 8 with a bottle of vodka on the table. It's a quiet tiny place that will always satisfy. (just ignore the decor)Incredible food. Great service. Reasonable prices for filling portions. I rarely go to same place twice when visiting Philly cause there's always another good place to try. I may never go anywhere else now.L'Angolo is this amazing south philly gem! The food is extremely authentic and delicious. All of the food is cooked right in the front when you walk in, so you can see exactly what is going on. Its a BYOB- love that. The service is excellent, and the whole staff seems very friendly. The specials are definitely worth getting. We had the artichoke appetizer that blew my mind! I am dying to go back!!!!! Don't forget to eat dessert as well! You will be missing out. The lemon sorbet is to die for. The prices are perfect for what you get. No complaints here and 5 stars all the way!Fantabulous/magnifico food and service and what a todo they have for a celebration .  And it is also a BYOBMy friends and I came in on Friday night and had the best dining experience we had in a long time! They sat us right away and quickly brought us bread to start that was delicious! The service was incredible, we started with appetizers (muscles, arugula salad, Cesar salad) and everyone was raving about their food. The timing was perfect and as soon as we finished they took our plates and brought out delicious meals! The grilled chicken with tomato pesto, palenta, and brussel sprouts was incredible as was the mahi mahi and the penne alla vodka! I can't say enough about the exceptional service and delicious authentic food! The ambience was perfect and made us feel like we were right at home with our family and friends! We all can't wait to come back! Thank you for the best dining experience! Also it's a BYOB and our dinner was so affordable! A must visit!We came here for lunch. The place was beautiful and clean and the service was excellent. However, my chicken arrived with several pieces of bay leaf in the sauce. I accidentally ate a piece and it wasn't a pleasant experience. I shouldn't have to pick out pieces of bay leaf.Friendly efficient waiters.  Cozy hole in the wall atmosphere.  Great small menu.  And good food.  One of the best restaurants I have eaten at in Philadelphia.
We left comfortably full but not bursting at the waist.  This was not a heavy sauce kind of Italian meal.  It was very fresh and light food.  And though I am not a tiramisu fan, I wanted dessert so tried it and it was fantastic.  Not too sweet or soggy.  Really the best I have had and makes me rethink tiramisu all together.  
The down side is we made reservations for 9:30 and still had to wait 15 min or so for a table when we arrived.  But I didn't mind.  It was fun being forced to stand next to the open kitchen and watch the cook and listen to him and the waitstaff banter in Italian.
Also had: Asparagus wrapped in proscutto with shrimp appetizer - Shrimp were perfectly cooked, such tender asparagus, and had the salty tender meat, with a great balsamic sauce.  
I had papperdelle with radicchio, fennel, asparagus and gold raisins.  It was a great bitter dish with a hint of sweet. The pasta was homemade, a little too thick for my taste, but good none the less.  Husband had huge breaded pork cutlet with mountain of fresh greens on top.I dined here in May 2017.  When I could not choose between the the Pappardelle al'anatra (duck) and the Spaghetti scoglio (seafood), the restaurant kindly offered me 1/2 portions of each.  The pappardell al'anatra reminded me of a chicken and dumplings kind of dish.  It was very light yet very comforting (like a heavy meal would be comfort food, yet it was light).  I forgot my purse there, and the staff kindly kept it safe for me until I could pick it up the next day.I CANNOT say enough about this place! I absolutely LOVE it. It's so tiny and charming, great for a first date!!
1. It is a BYO - you can't go wrong!
2. Handmade pasta. I've had the gnocci and the lobster ravioli, both are PHENOMENAL
3. It's small. Usually this isn't a plus, but in this case it is. It's like one of those hole-in-the-wall places you only see in the movies. You walk in through the kitchen, where everyone greets you like you've been going there for years. Then you get into the restaurant and now you feel like you've been transported to Italy. 
Definitely put this at the top of your "To Try" lists! It won't disappoint.
Not sure if they take reservations, but I would try to make one if you're going on the weekend.Great food!  Authentic small Italian restaurant with diverse menu. Friendly staff.  Accommodated our group of 11 just before closing.A fabulous Italian BYOB in South Philly. The space is small and designed to make you feel like you're eating dinner in the heart of Italy. Our waiter seemed to be handling every table in the place, which was impressive. Our food came out at a good pace and was delicious. 
Apps - white mussels and grilled calamari. Both terrific. Usually grilled calamari freaks me out but this was perfect. 
Salad - a special that night: burrata salad. My mouth has never been happier. 
Entree - gnocchi ai funghi. I wasn't thrilled with it but it was fine. A pretty heavy dish and I wish there had been some kind of sauce because the pan crisped gnochhi and mushrooms just made for a drier texture.I tend to not go out for Italian food, because in my mind, I just think of Italian food being pasta. "I can make pasta at home!" I stubbornly claim, and I CAN. However, I CAN'T prepare fish, vegetables, and salads with the skill of the chefs at L'Angolo. YES, I'll even admit that their pasta is of a higher caliber than any box of Barilla spaghetti that I buy on sale at the Acme. 
I took a good friend out to dinner at L'Angolo this past Thursday. I live only about four blocks away from this restaurant and had no idea where it was. I had the address of the place (courtesy of Yelp, naturally) and I almost wound up walking right past it. Located right on the corner of 14th & Porter in South Philadelphia, L'Angolo's door opens to the scrumptious smells of authentic Italian food. The front of the restaurant can be a tad misleading, because when you first walk in you don't immediately realize that there is a whole back dining area that boasts a quaint and cozy atmosphere, perfect for catching up with a good friend or family over dinner. It would also be the absolute perfect place to take somebody out on a date. Yes, L'Angolo is very small, but you never feel cramped. The waitstaff is incredibly friendly and constantly made sure that my friend and I had everything that we needed. It is a BYOB and they will happily chill your drinks in their fridge. The freshly-baked Italian bread was the best that I have ever had, and it is served with kalamata olives in olive oil.  I ordered the lobster ravioli and it melted in my mouth. 
South Philly is jam-packed with Italian eateries, but I will continue to recommend this little place very highly to anyone who loves their carbs and fresh food.My favorite Italian in Philadelphia. This is the go-to spot with my boyfriend.  I can't say enough about the food because I have not had one thing that I didn't love.  The grilled octopus appetizer is a must.  We always end up ordering one special, if not two. Good solid food at decent prices and it's a byob.With all the great 5 star reviews already, I'm not going to waste time saying what everyone else has said already, except for this place has to be one of the best Italian restaurants on the east coast. I have been up and down the coast and you just can't beat the food and service here. Everything was excellent all the time. Just feels like home!I came here with a group of 9 friends to celebrate my birthday, and L'Angolo was so accommodating even when I had to change the size of our party a few hours before the reservation time. Our server, John, was phenomenal. Not only was he incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, he really went above and beyond to make my birthday celebration special and memorable. The prices were definitely worth the delicious and very filling food (the lobster ravioli and tiramisu were so good!). Our entire group had such an awesome experience at L'Angolo, and I'll definitely be returning for future celebrations!I can't believe it took me so long to visit this gem in South Philly! Now - it's only place I want to go when I am craving Italian food. Service is impeccable. Food is authentic, very reasonably priced, generous portions, and amazing flavors. I have not experienced one mediocre dish yet. I highly recommended everything (but from experience: the gnocchi, daily fish, tiramisu, duck pasta, caprese salad or any salad for that matter, ricotta cheesecake is divine!Omg! This place was a disaster for the 4of us. Calamari was cold and chewy (4 orders). Striped bass was under cooked (2 orders). Beat salad seemed canned. Had reservations and they sat us in the kitchen and the entrance door. We sat 3 side by side and one at the end.(conversation? What conversation?) check could have been over 200$  ended up @100$. Calamari seemed Frozen,out of bag. Three of us are Italian. Are they just living on their former reputation? The one star is for their BYOB.How can you screw up 4 servings of calamari!?We've come to L'Angolo numerous times over the years and it's well worth the flight in from Boston to taste truly worthy Northern Italian cuisine in South Philadelphia. Grilled calamari simple and scrumptious. Spaghetti Bolognese just like your nonna makes. Pork Milanese with arugula sautéed onions and grana makes you reminisce of your summer vacation visiting Il Duomo. And of course BYOB option ties everything together for a memorable experience with family and friends worthy of 5 stars.Adorable little Italian restaurant with phenomenal food. Wait staff was very friendly, menu was diverse, the food was incredible, the price was right and it's a BYOB so it was perfect. Great spot for a nice intimate dinner.Such a great authentic Italian restaurant.  Would def recommend this place to anyone looking for a good date spot with great food and service!Amazing meal and equally good service. I picked this out of the blue while traveling and was not disappointed. I think anything on the menu would have been great. Also liked the cozy, authentic atmosphere. Highly recommend.Solid Italian with fresh ingredients and a friendly staff.  Intimate setting and great place to take your parents along with a bottle of vino (or 2).Still love this place.  We always have an excellent meal here - the food and the staff are top-notch.  Reservations are not so easy to come by here anymore! We got married in Italy so we have high expectations and this place is always on point.The food was delicious! A hidden gem in Philly. I highly recommend this place...don't forget to bring your own wine.Imagine the lightest, airiest, most delicious gnocchis you have ever had.....and I bet they won't even come close to L'Angolo's. I have to be honest, I never order anything but the gnocchi here because there is no where else in Philly that does it like this place. Homemade little fluffy pillows of delicious ricotta cheese are so heavenly, a plate will never be enough. Always worth the trip to South PhillyThis small and intimate restaurant is inviting and warm. Great location for a cold winter night. The waitstaff was well organized and friendly. The menu choices were ample. Our appetizers were all delicious and well priced. I had the special pappardelle with wild boar as my entree and tiramisu for desert. Both were good...not spectacular. I would go back.Omg omg omg. This place has gotten so many extraordinary reviews that I fear I have very little to add. So I won't. 
Can't wait for my next visit...this place makes me miss the East Coast!This place perfected spaghetti.  Their homemade spaghetti is the perfect size, has a perfect taste, and was cooked perfectly aldente for my entree.  While the pasta is homemade, I believe it is dried before serving because it has a nice bite, and wasn't overly soft like fresh pasta. I came here for an early dinner with my fiancé on Friday. We've been to Scannicchios (across the street) a few times, but heard good things about this place so decided to try it.  I ordered the chicken parm over spaghetti (because I sometimes crave chicken parm). My fiancé ordered the seafood spigoli in a red sauce. We got the mussels in white wine sauce as an appetizer. Everything was very delicious. Definitely was one of the best spaghetti dishes I had in the US. The service was amazing. It's byo too, which is awesome. This is a very small space. It has a few tables for groups of six, but the seating area is cozy. The decor is very nice. This is a good date spot. I highly recommend.My husband and had dinner in the spring.  It was absolutely wonderful!  Great food!  Great ambience!  Excellent service!Simply amazing ---- Perfection. Not only was the food outstanding the staff were just as outstanding. I arrived in Philly starving and my dear friend and I were seeking a bite to eat with her daughter. As we left the airport and headed through South Philly trying to avoid traffic I whipped out my android phone tapped the YELP icon tapped the Monocle icon and presto --- there was L'Angolo 1.1 miles ahead. 
I ordered the special grilled Branzino, if you don't know -- it's basically sea bass from the Mediterranean region. Grilled with lemon and served on a bed of grilled, lightly charred asparagus along with grilled squid and shrimp. Drizzled with EVOO and kissed with cracked pepper I was totally excited for the first bite. My guests dinned on seafood pasta and the little one enjoyed a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs! 
This place is a BYOB, so we sipped water as we hardly spoke and scarfed down the food that was placed in front of us. The waiter with an accent checked in on us, the other waiter whom actually took the order -- cute as could be. If I lived in Philly still I would have asked him out for a drink! :)  Behind us sat two ladies drinking a bottle of Cab and chatting about the day, leaned over and began chatting to my friend and I. Amazing, the City of Brotherly Love does in fact have it's moments!! Not everyone is ANGRY in Filthadelphia. :0)
Of course you cannot dine at a lovely little Italian restaurant that looks like something straight out of Venice, with the antique painted walls, rickets wood tables and chairs squeezed in to a petite dining space. So dessert it was! A chocolate, very rich and very delicious truffle cake served with a raspberry sauce the color of the red lipstick your grandma always wears. our second choice was something a bit lighter a lemon cream Italian cake, again speechless! 
Please whether you live in the area, are passing through, stop in and taste a bit of Italy tucked into the most unexpected location!Great food there I never had a bad dish yet since I went there. If you like byob and love Italian food this is the place to go too. I give them 5 stars and 2 thumbs up.Absolutely amazing food and service. I had the pasta special and appetizer special. My husband had the pork shank and he said it was wonderful. Very nice atmosphere.Great Italian restaurant in the heart of South Philly. So glad I stumbled on this gem, I only live a few blocks away. Small Italian restaurant with good food and ambience. Service is great, every server I've had so far is straight from Italy. Prices are reasonable and it's a BYOB, which always makes everything better.It's open for debate, but a lot of REAL South Philly people will tell you that L'Angolo is the best Italian restaurant around. And even beyond the incredible food, the restaurant has more than enough charm to go around. A perfect BYO setting, and you even get a free shot of limoncello at the end of the meal. Superior real-Italian waters, great location, what more can you ask for?We recommend this place to all of our city friends who are willing to trek a ways south to have the most amazing Italian food! This place is small, and reservations are probably a must. But the food-Italian food commonly pleases but this place takes it up several notches. We still are still talking about the burrata salad we had there years later!After the third visit I decided it's time to give it the ol' 5-star review. Superb neighborhood Italian joint. Simple, well-executed dishes like gnocci and beet salad are extremely satisfying. The mussels are on the small side but my companion loved the preparation. Family-owned atmosphere and consistently fine service. Not too many tables so it's best to make a reservation; although early dinner on a Sunday proved no problem for my party of 6. BYO makes it even more budget friendly. If you're lucky they will be pouring Limoncello on your way out!BYOB- starting with that considering we did not know this beforehand. Our waiter was awesome though and brought us a leftover bottle from a table that had just left! Food was delicious! Chicken parm was massive- I probably only ate 1/4 of my meal after eating so much yummy bread and salad. Cute little place on a corner with great atmosphere. Definitely call ahead for a reservation!!I am extremely pleased with my experience and meal at L'Angolo Ristorante. Ask the server what they recommend you eat and don't question them. We had a delicious red snapper dish and  also a pasta with boar and marinara dish - both absolutely delicious! 
Besides the food, the atmosphere is that homey, intimate, Italian-family feeling which I love. The servers were perfect, very welcoming, knowledgeable of the menu, and made you feel at home.
It's BYOB - so don't forget to complete your meal and bring some wine.
I will be returning soon and will be telling everyone who will listen to patron this restaurant.I tried this restaurant a week ago and i certainly was glad that I did.the faro and mozzarella salad is a must have. the calamari and shrimp app also a winner. There was one thing that I didn't care for and that was the pasta itself.While I am almost certain that it is homemade, the type of noodle was a large flat long thing that wasn't delicate enough for the main course. So with that and everything else,I am giving this establishment 4 stars out of 5. It would gotten 4 1/2 but 95 dollars with tip seems a little bit higher than its worth for a BYOB in s.philly. Don't get me wrong, it was a great meal.I was looking for an Italian restaurant close to the airport to pop into before heading back to the shore. Based solely on Yelp reviews, I hit the jackpot. WOW, this place is great! I loved the intimate ambiance, the BYOB option, the excellent (and adorable!) waiter, and the FOOD.... omg, the food! It was top quality,  authentic Italian cuisine. We ordered totally from that evening's specials. My appetizer was the smoked mozzarella, roasted red pepper and tomato stack drizzled with balsamic. Outstanding! I'm normally not a fan of smoky flavors, but this cheese was just unbelievable!  (They don't make the cheese there but obviously know who to buy from!) Hubby had eggplant parmesan, thinly sliced and breaded with a fabulous red sauce/gravy.  His pappardelle with wild boar sauce stood up to any he'd had on trips to Italy. Homemade pasta ribbons and a hearty, delicious sauce. My veal chop was cooked perfectly and had subtle but wonderful flavors. We capped off the evening with yummy cannolis. We're thrilled to find what others have called this "hidden gem." That is surely an accurate description! Can't wait to go back and try more of their great food! As others have said, the wait staff is so friendly and accommodating that they really add to an already incredible experience.Excellent food. Excellent service. Everything we ordered was really good! Reasonably priced too. Can't say enough good things about this place!I am having a difficult time understanding why this place has such great reviews online. TI went here for the first time with family after they raved about.  It was very good.  Cozy atmosphere and friendly staff.  Rustic bread, BYOB, gnocci with shrimp in a cream sauce.  Finished it all off with Limecello (amazing) and pumpkin cheesecake.  I would definitely go back and recommend it to friends.Terrific place. Would give it 6 stars if allowed. Have had so many great meals here---absolutely love it. Can't recommend any dish; all have been superb. Guess I would steer towards the seafood, but you can't go wrong here!!Your going to get great authentic food, waiters with serious thick Italian accents and lemon sorbet from Milano. You'll also make out with a $45 bill for two people at this BYOB.
The minute you enter you are in the kitchen. The smell of breaded calamari, olive-oil marinated vegetables and thinly-pounded veal fill your nose. 
The waiter will probably have a good chain around his neck, speak to you in kinda' good English with random Italian words thrown in.
Don't miss their homemade tiramisu and try to get a seat in the back.Impressive!  Small and old world. Reminds me of the restaurants in the north end of Boston.We have been here 4-5 times in the last 2 years. The food is always good though we were disappointed with the braciole last week. The meat was too thick and tough. Other dishes were terrific. Stick with the pasta and you will not be disappointed. Reasonable prices but watch out for the specials, they are expensive. Service is always good.Amazing food. Best gnocchi my husband (and I) have ever had. I had the duck and orecchiette, also super yummy.
Our waiter was great. He opened our B.Y.O.B. wine without hesitating and poured us each a glass as he rattled off the specials.
Loved the authenticity of the people and the food. Well-priced too, with 2 entrees, coffee and a shared dessert we paid under $60.
Definitely a keeper!This is an excellent Italian BYOB. The venue is small and intimate. We started with mussels, which were good but nothing to write home about. For entrees, we split a pasta with shredded duck and a veal ravioli dish smothered in a truffle sauce. I thought the duck pasta was outstanding; the truffle sauce was a bit overpowering.I read from another restaurant's reviews that a "Yelper" challenged you to name a better Italian restaurant in South Philly; well, I found it! And I have been to both places and can tell you hands down that L'Angolo's is by far the best!! I couldn't believe how fantastic this place was! By FAR my favorite Italian restaurant that I've ever been to. The food was phenomenal and the service was impeccable! I just can't stop raving about it to everyone I know! My husband and I will surely be back and definitely take friends and relatives from out of town. L'Angolo's is a fantastic dining experience with a very authentic Italian cuisine.A wonderful little Italian BYOB. Food was excellent and worth the money. Call ahead for reservations as it is a small restaurant.
Highly recommendAmazing service and wonderful food! The servers are very quick and pleasant. The food is very authentic and perfectly flavored. I ordered the Gorgonzola gnocchi and it was great! It had a nice creamy sauce and delicate cheesy pungency! Would go again.Man, this is my first time at a real Italian restaurant and I got the squash ravioli and it was amazing! The best pasta I have ever had in my life! Great customer service.Small and intimate. Classic South Philly Italian fare that you can count on.  BYOB!  Good service. Try the mozzarella ball.Excellent place.  Have had dinner here twice and will be coming tomorrow night for dinner too!  It's so good, everything fresh and so tasty.  I love the ambiance.  No one rushed us, we drank two bottles of wine and had a very, very tasty dinner on two occasions.  Can't wait till tomorrow.Wonderful Italian restaurant in South Philly! Had dinner here with my mom and sister before a concert. Service was fantastic, atmosphere is intimate, and the food is authentic! Highly recommend the fresh cavatelli. Will definitely dine here again!Came for my birthday dinner Saturday night and it was amazing! I called the day of and had to get a 9pm reservation but it was so worth it! The place is small and had a very cute homey vibe. We all enjoyed our dishes, I had the ricotta gnocchi and it was so great- I never wanted it to end. The perfect Italian byob.Wow. What a great meal. Intimate dining and delicious food. Service was excellent (20% tip). I mean what a wonderful dining experience that's very neighborhood and when you enter, you walk right through the kitchen and the dining room is in the rear. Delicious!When reading reviews, I've noticed that people are quick to point out when they feel a place is overpriced. Using that measuring stick, I am surprised that more people aren't going out of their way to mention that L'Angolo is one of the best bargains in Philadelphia.
You will never leave this authentic BYO feeling like you overpaid for a meal. I'd also like to believe you will leave this establishment unsatisfied. 
In my family, my Nonna is one of the pickiest eaters and is especially critical about Italian food. If we went out to eat, she would typically fill up at home first and then pick on bread and drink Sprite at the restaurant. There are very few places in this country she enjoys but  L'Angolo is far and away her favorite.
When this restaurant opened, she quickly transformed from someone who hated to go out to eat to someone who would offer to take us here on her own dime.
Considering the fact that my Nonna's cooking is the standard I use to compare all other meals, this is just about the highest praise I can give a restaurant.Best meal I've had in a long time. This was a lovely BYOB and South Philly. Make sure you have reservations we did not but we were able to get the last table available. It was a stroke of luck. We both got the fish specials and had one of the best meals in recent history. Wait staff was friendly and patience chef was whistling and singing and happy with his work and it came through in the food. You won't be disappointed if you choose this restaurant .Everything we ate here was absolutely wonderful and the service was superb! Would recommend duck orecchiette, grilled romaine salad, grilled calamari and anything veal. Great BYO, wonderful experience !"Just delightful! Best Italian meal I've had this side of the Atlantic. Fresh fish is delicious, and let the chef prepare his choice of appetizers for your table. They were ALL scrumptious. Cozy, little South Philly spot with a great chef preparing quality meals."My husband and I went to Philly for my birthday and made a reservation at L'Angolo for dinner. At first when you enter the restaurant, it is quite cramped and all the tables are very snug and close to each other. The food and service however is definitely worth the sacrifice of space. Our waiter was incredibly nice and allowed us to each order two half-entres each since we couldn't make up our minds on what to order. We also had forgotten to bring wine (like so many other PA restaurants, L'Angolo cannot sell alcohol), but our waiter generously filled us two glasses of left over wine a party had left behind the night before. 
The food is AMAZING. The veal ravioli was one of the best things I've ever had. I also ordered the spaghetti with meatballs, and the meat sauce was sweet and delicious. For dessert my husband had the tarimasu which he loved, and I enjoyed a chocolate torte with raspberry sauce. YUM! Its not outrageously priced, either. I definitely recommend L'Angolo to others who love Italian food!Excellent food and service. Friendly and highly competent staff. 
Food is a clever combination of Northern and Southern Italian cuisine. The artichoke appetizer is out of this world, and so is the orecchiette with duck. 
I'm looking forward to going back and try other menu choices.
I hope the owners will soon install a proper (quiet) air conditioning unit since they are currently using old window units that are a bit too loud and old.This is easily the best pasta I have ever eaten. The pasta is homemade and fresh. I recommend the seafood pasta dish, the mussels tasted very fresh, and the meat dish was amazing.Wow! This was Italian food at its best! My coworker and I happened to find this place on Yelp and we were not disappointed! I had the spaghetti bolognese, which was fantastic. 
We were from out of town and did not realize this was byob. So be sure to remember that! We plan on coming back here! Also, I would recommend making reservations.You know, people get wrapped up in all the hoopla of Vetri, Osteria, Amis and Vetri himself.  Don't get me wrong, his food is great but hands down I would choose this place in a heartbeat over any of those three.
I have been coming here for years and went again last night.  The same waiters are still there from ions ago.  Everyone is super friendly, the atmosphere is homey and almost cheesy but the food melts in your mouth.  My advice, make a late reservation, 9ish or so so the place is a bit empty.  Get a decent bottle of wine and just enjoy the company you are with, along with the simple menu.Best kept secret in South Philly.  Delicious Italian cuisine with a relaxed atmosphere and attentive service.  Check out their specials and the Calamari - it's a winner! Don't forget to bring your own bottle. 
Thanks, L'Angolo!We tried this place based upon the yelp reviews, as well as other people I know who have loved it.  It's a comfortable and very cozy restaurant with warm friendly folks running it.  I loved the grilled radicchio salad special as my appetizer, but have to say that I was sorely disappointed by the lobster ravioli, which had both the texture and flavor of canned tuna fish with a weak, watery white sauce on top.  I only bumped it up to 3 stars because I tried some of the other dishes at the table;  the mushroom sauce on the veal chop was very tasty, and the grilled calamari was perfectly tender and had good flavor, as well.   I might try this place again, but I would not recommend the lobster ravioli.Such a nice experience at L'Angolo's last night. First of all, the staff is a total class act.  From in the door until out the door, they nailed it.  They found a way to make room for us in the small, very full restaurant despite not having a reservation on a Saturday night, and treated us wonderfully.  The restaurant is cozy and feels like a family joint.
We started with a couple of orders of the burrata special, which was served over a wheatberry salad with tomatoes and fig balsamic... just divine.  My grilled branzino was fabulous.  One girlfriend couldn't decide between two dishes, so he surprised her with half plates of each.  As far as the pasta went, I found the vegetarian ones to be the highlights (the fresh cavatelli with shaved Brussels sprouts and the penne melanzane), but everyone was very pleased with their meals.  And best of all, it's BYOB.  Extremely affordable for what you get. I highly recommend this place, although part of me hopes no one listens so tables don't get any harder to get!I discovered l'angolo randomly over the internet over 5 years ago, the first day I moved to Philly. Had very good reviews and decided to try it out. 
What can I say... It truly became my favorite spot in the world. 
I am Italian, born and raised in Milan, and as you can imagine I have experienced a lot of terrible Italian food in the US. But L'Angolo... is just like eating in my grandma's kitchen. 
BYOB, the ambiance is amazing - cozy, great decor (yellow walls, murals... you feel like you are in the Tuscan countryside), you always recognize people at the tables (those who discovered it keep coming back every week....)... The staff gets a 10/10 (Nino is the best, nicest, most efficient and most entertaining waiter I ever met), the music is never too loud, it allows for plenty of conversations. It's just a happy place.
The food... I tried the whole menu at least once, and I enjoyed every dish. Worth of notice: grilled romaine, prosciutto wrapped asparagus/shrimp, calamari, spaghetti allo scoglio, spaghetti alla bolognese, veal milanese. But after a couple of years my absolute favorites are: 
entrees: funghi al forno (baked mushrooms)... With fontina, a bit of garlic, parsley... absolutely delicious (and light.. you don't want to fill up before the pasta dish!)
pasta dish: gnocchi (they make them 3 ways: shrimp sauce, gorgonzola sauce - my fav- and baked... not always on the menu but if you ask they'll do it for you). Just incredible. Homemade, perfect texture, the sauce is not overpowering..
meat/fish: the special of the day never disappoints. But after the 
gnocchi I doubt you will have more room... (portions are abundant)
dessert: chocolate cake with raspberry sauce (unbelievable)
All my friends who tried it fell in love it with it. I celebrated there every single birthday and special occasion over the last 4 years(including 21st bday and graduation dinner...with my italian family). I now moved to NYC and I've yet to find a place so genuinly good, homy, unpretentious.
So in conclusion: high quality food, excellent staff, low price (appetizers are 5-12 dollars, pasta dishes are 13-20, food and fish 15-30, desserts around 10). 
I would recommend it over any other place in Philadelphia.Highly recommended.  Easily one of the best places I have ever eaten.  Very consistent, anything on the menu is spectacular.My favorite place for Italian. Little restaurant with a warm and intimate ambiance. This is by far the best place to get gnocchi because they are so fresh and fluffy. Their appetizers are okay, nothing too special, but their entrees are absolutely delicious! Try the pork chop and the lobster ravioli. Portion size is good and definitely worth the price.We chose L'Angolo for my mom's recent birthday for a few reasons...it's BYO, she hadn't been to the South Philly classic in about 25 years, and most importantly, they take reservations (which is such a rarity in these tiny BYOBs). 
The place is super small and uber cozy, decorated in a Tuscan manor, and definitely has that South Philly charm you probably desire if you're headed to a place like this. 
In addition to a pretty stellar menu (which is very vegetarian friendly), there are always daily specials which include a meat, a fish, a pasta and an app. Scallops and wild boar ragu were two I remember from this visit, to give you an idea. 
Served water and toasted bread with a side of delicious oil that had a basil note upon arrival. Some mentioned the plating of the bread was sloppy just being thrown in a bowl. I would have to agree. Another complaint would be the tiny bit of oil. We definitely wanted more and had to ask for it. A tad annoying. 
I personally went with the arugula salad. The salad was fantastic and in my opinion, memorable. It's worth me stopping by just for this as a to-go order in the future. It was dressed lightly, but perfectly. It had a nice crunch from the almonds and a tang found in the marinated onions. It's super easy to remove the large chunk of shaved grana if you're vegan and sharing with others. Otherwise just order without and you're golden. Another great option for vegans would be the grilled zucchini, roasted peppers, with fig balsamic glaze minus the pan-seared smoked mozzarella. Yum!
A Caesar, an arugula, and grilled calamari were ordered as starters for our party of 6. The salads are large enough as an entree for one, or to split between quite a few people for "just a taste" before your meal. 
The crew ordered:
The mushroom gnocchi which is definitely worth trying if you've never had them pan-fried. I've actually never seen them this way. They came with large chunks of mushrooms and are available in a cream sauce or in olive oil and rosemary. The table ordered the later to save calories...just a bit. 
The Spaghetti scoglio... mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari, light red sauce. So much fresh seafood at what we considered a steal. They couple easily charged $8-$10 more for all the seafood given. My sister in law did ask for their spicy marinara she favors here. Perhaps if you like spice, ask for it as it's not listed. (Insider tip). 
The Spaghetti ai gamberi... shrimp, broccoli rabe, summer tomato sauce. Nice fresh tasting red sauce. Not too sweet or acidic. Huge shrimp, but perhaps not enough pasta underneath as some had notice. A good option for the more calorie conscious. 
The seafood special with a hearty filet of branzino, big shrimp and squid over mashed potatoes. Said to be delicious. 
We also took home the eggplant parm which is served sans pasta when ordered as an app. It was not heavily breaded and enjoyed.. Looked a little to chewy and stringy for my taste when I cut it up. 
The food and ambience was very well liked by all, but our service was a bit so, so. While our "buser" was wonderful and on top of water refills and packaging up leftovers, our waiter was lacking. It was just before the holidays and very busy so perhaps a pass is in order, plus our fam that visits regularly had a wonderful waiter last time and several times before. Not sure what to say about that but for us, this visit was a bit of miss on that front and why the 4 versus 5 star, unfortunately. The poor service wasn't enough to keep us from returning however. 
South Philly street parking and back in angle parking. Come prepared if you're not used to it and don't forget those bottles!4.5!
Huge fan of South Philly byob's and this one is pretty high on my list! Love the authenticity and freshness of the food here. Best lobster ravioli I've ever had! You can tell the pasta was just made to order. My boyfriend had the chicken parm which was also fantastic. Caprese salad to start, can't go wrong.
All in all, great meal. Love the ambiance and friendliness of the staff. Priced well for the quality. Will certainly be back!One of the best restaurants in Philly, without a doubt.
I went here with my boyfriend and some family, so I made reservations well in advance. When we arrived, we were seated promptly and our wine was immediately uncorked. We started off with three appetizers for the table: the mussels in a white sauce, the grilled calamari, and veal ravioli (a special that night). I can't speak to the mussels, but the grilled calamari was a refreshing change from the deep-fried and breaded calamari seen most everywhere else, and quite good. The real standout was the veal ravioli, though. The combination of the tender veal inside, the nice thick ravioli, and the cream sauce was divine. I almost wished I ordered it as an entree.
As soon as I saw the menu, I knew I wanted to order the Braciola (veal rolled with prosciutto topped with smoked mozzarella, braised with tomato). It lived up to my expectations and more. Beautifully flaky yet moist, delicious in every way. I wanted my dish to go on forever. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dishes as well. The service was perfectly unobtrusive, and my water glass was always full.
Be sure to make a reservation well in advance. You'll be glad you did.I've been fortunate enough to have dined here twice. This place is a hidden gem in South Philly. Its situated a block off broad and although parking is scarce walking a couple blocks is well worth it. The meal I'd recommend is the veal medallions that were prepared so well and were so delicious I actually saved 1/2 just so I could savor the flavor again the next day. BYOB so you should review their awesome menu and pair a few wines before you go!