This restaurant was seriously impressive. Everything was completely delicious: the guacamole, the flatbread, the cocktails, some beef taco thing... extremely good food and priced fairly for high end Mexican. The sundae thing with the caramel corn... eh. Not as amazing as some reviews led me to believe. But totally edible.
The dining room is attractive with a Velasquez-like mural. It's modern and approachable while remaining warm and neighborhoody. I sent my parents here and they really liked it as well. 
The service was excellent. I told the server that "I can't eat egg," by which I only meant that I find it gross. So they put some hard boiled egg pico de gallo on the side for my friend. But the waitress came back a few minutes later presenting the chef's concern that I had a dairy allergy, as some of the other food had dairy. That's so nice! Way to look out for your diners. 
This restaurant must prosper because it is awesome and close to my house. Go there. Love it. This is absolutely the restaurant Fairmount needed.Upscale Mexican-fusion restaurant in Fairmount area.
Hamachi Ceviche was delicious.
Fish tacos were excellent.
Chorizo fundido was awesome
Campechano Tlayuda hit the spot.
Great assortment of tequilas to try as well.
Only knock were the flour tortillas instead of corn (you can ask for corn instead).Decent but nothing too memorable. Portions were small for the price and al pastor was a tad dry. Baja fish tacos only came with 2 tacos.There are not many other Mexican restaurants in the area, but I still prefer Que Chula and they deliver to my house.Great margaritas and the best carnitas tacos I have ever had!!!!  Taco Tuesday is a must here!This place is overrated. I've been here a bunch of times and every time I think to myself "there are so many better places to go on Fairmount." The food/drinks are overpriced (except for during happy hour) and the margaritas are poured from a bottle. The happy hour nachos are the only thing I would recommend, everything else is just meh.Great place.  They really get the whole restaurant experience.  Not your typical Mexican place, but with plenty of typical fare.  Some really extraordinary dishes to compliment traditional favorites.  People are great and interior is very appealing.  Family friendly and also plays to those who are unrestrained by kids.  The overall experience leaves you feeling quite pleased!Had the opportunity to come here after picking up a friend from the airport last week.  This was a great choice!  The decor is funky and inviting, and the space itself is relly beautiful.  A teensy drawback is that, when people are loud, it can be hard to hear your tablemates, but since we were seated to a party of 10 ladies reliving their sorority days, that's hardly the fault of the establishment.  ;-)
There were three of us and we shared hamachi ceviche (yummy!), pulpo skewers (awesome!), the fish tacos, carnitas, tlayudas, and then dessert.  The ironically titled Domingo Sundae and some ice cream - so good!
I live in a more suburban area and the chance to get to a place in a walkable, urban neighborhood was a nice change of pace!  I'd come back to La Calaca Feliz anytime!Back in Philly and in the mood for happy hour with my wife.  She recommended La Calaca, so off we went.
The happy hour menu is fantastic.  The regular menu is equally good.  The Lobster Tacositas were tasty (a mini version of a lobster roll) and had just the proper amount of spice.  The contrasting textures made me muy feliz.  The nachos with brisket were a welcome surprise.  They came out of the oven and had the right crunchiness.  The cheese and the toppings did not overwhelm the crunchy, fresh-out-of-the-oven chips.
The highlight tonight was the Carnitas Tacos.  These were the best carnitas I've had in the states.  They had a little burn on the outside but maintained their juicy quality nonetheless.  The bartender also recommended the fish tacos (they are prepared with plantain before the frier).
There are also a couple of flatbreads on the menu.  Our love of asparagus pushed us to order the asparagus option with manchego béchamel.  It was fantastic.
The service was great.  The bartender was attentive but not annoying.  There was only one mistake all afternoon.  The asparagus flatbread was delivered to the bar with jalapeños, although we ordered them without.  However, we just picked them out of my wife's half and placed them into mine and thoroughly enjoyed the dish.
I know Calaca has been around for a bit.  It still remains a great place for solid Mexican staples in Philly.  There are tons of fresh ingredients and carefully prepared dishes; you won't find heavy-handed Tex-Mex dishes a-la Chilli's here.  I will be back for more items on the menu.Love the ambiance and food was delicious.  Waiter was nice.  So why 3 stars?  Because I spent a good amount but left the restaurant still hungry.  If you order tacos, you get 3 little tacos and nothing else.  The plate is totally bare: no beans, no rice, nothing.  How much would it cost them to add a little filler on the side so that the customer doesn't leave hungry?  I have mixed feelings about coming back.  Maybe I'll ask the nice waiter next time which meals can actually fill up a person (rather than a newborn baby hamster).  Good for kids.My dad, who is consistently "underwhelmed" by most restaurants was happy when I took him here. 
To start, my brother ordered us the crab fondito and it was delicious. My dad kept complaining that it was not good for his diet...yet kept digging his fork in for more. 
For dinner I ordered the carnitas tacos, my father ordered the baja tacos, and my brother had the fried chicken taco special. First off, a fried chicken taco? Sounds strange. While I did not taste it my brother was very happy and cleaned off his plate pretty fast. My father loved his baja taco. My carnitas was delicious, although not the best I've ever had, but still quite good. For sides we had the plantains (tasty!) and brussel sprouts (also good!)
Service was friendly and attentive. Will be back.I have been here maybe 5 different times and the nachos are Always amazing! The drinks are pretty good, but the menu is kinda blah... I like the atmosphere and the service is pretty good, but I am not a fan of the menu. Ive tried like 3 different entrees and they were all just ok. I gave this place 4 stars for the nachos appetizer and margaritas. I guess every place cant always be great all around... Not a problem though, so we just do apps and drinks and then go somewhere else for dinner.... Try this place out, you will love the nachos!!This Mexican restaurant is really good, if you haven't try yet, you're missing out something ! The decors and the room are cute. 
I had the nachos and the plantains from the brunch menu. The quality and quantity is perfect. 
I also suggest their margarita, you can't go wrong with that!This is probably our family's favorite restaurant in all of Fairmount (one of our favorite in all of the city!).
Where to begin . . . .
The food is incredible.  The guacamole is outstanding (very fresh and very tangy) - we have a small child who eats almost nothing but this!  The tacos are also superb - as are the sides (if you haven't tried the refried beans or black beans you are missing out).
The drinks are also good.  Margaritas, Mohittos (spelling LOL?)  -- they are to die for.  (I will say - as others have commented on - that they are a little weak in the alcohol content, but otherwise delicious).  
The décor and atmosphere is also very nice.  I will note - for all the parents out there - that this restaurant is extremely child-friendly.  We always bring our small child there and we are always treated very well (unlike some of the more posh restaurants in the city).  The staff is extremely friendly and patient (key characteristics as, again, we often bring our small child!).
My only complaints - as others have noted - the prices are slightly high.  They are not ridiculous, but they do seem higher than they should be.  Also (as others have commented), the portions are fairly small.  (An order of tacos will not be enough - trust me.).
Other than that though - this restaurant is truly awesome  (5 stars!).Everything about La Calaca was fine, but nothing stood out.  I thought it was a little overpriced, especially the chivche. 
I'm really at a loss for anything to say about this joint.  It's fine.I finally had the opportunity to try one of La Calaca Feliz's daily specials and it absolutely warrants a review update. 
With the date being National Margarita Day, dinner at La Calaca Feliz was a no brainer. My husband and I had a 6:15 reservation but were seated upon our 6pm arrival. We were seated at a cozy table/booth against the window but totally alleviated my past concerns of cramped quarters. It was nestled in the back and we had a much more private experience. 
Leah was once again our server and I cannot say enough good things about her. She's friendly, personable, attentive and down to earth. She had a great understanding of the regular menu and specials and was able to offer her advice when needed. 
Her description of the special of the day had me sold. It was a local red snapper with guajillo and cauliflower purée with a citrus vinaigrette. The snapper was so light and fresh. The cauliflower puree was creamy and flavorful. The citrus vinaigrette added a nice contrast of sweet to the dish. My only beef was that I wish the dish was larger. Of course it paired perfectly with their Feliz Margarita.  My husband went with the grilled chicken mole again and really enjoyed his dish as well.
Since it was a brisk winter's night, we deemed it was warm enough and necessary to try the churros ice cream. It was the perfect cinnamon close out to the meal. 
I can't say enough good things about La Calaca Feliz and look forward to my next visit.There are some restaurants that put you immediately at ease -- you know right away it's going to be a good night when you walk in the door. La Calaca Feliz is one of those restaurants.
Whoever designed the place really knows how to set the mood. The ambiance is slightly dark and exotic, but not stiflingly so. The dimly lit and narrow bar just inside the door leads to the spacious and welcoming main dining area in the back. The high-ceiling room has large windows and is more brightly lit, and looks like a cross between a diner and a bistro, with big red squishy booths on the right and comfortable, well-spaced wooden tables on the left. Everything in the restaurant looked impeccably spick and span, with a simple, understated elegance. There were candles on the tables. You feel comfortable when you're seated, like you have have room to move, breathe, and talk. Definitely a good date restaurant.
We started with guac and chips. The guacamole came in a huge stone mortar and pestle and dressed up with some zingy seasoning. One of the best guacamoles I've had recently, although I may be biased because of the mortar.
For our main course we had the duck confit with smashed potatoes (a special). It was well-cooked and the meat easily fell off the bones. It was a bit light flavor-wise, but not un-satisfyingly so. There was something sweet in it to balance out the meat (cranberries, I think). It was nice. My friend had the plantain-crusted tilapia tacos.
I finished it off with a tortilla soup, which had nice chunks of chicken and two slices of fresh avocado. My friends told me the margaritas were also very good, though I didn't try it.
Will definitely be returning here!I had the pleasure of having a very nice meal and wonderful service some time ago at this Mexican Restaurant.  However, today my wife and I walked to the same restaurant and had an unfortunate experience.  We arrived sometime in the afternoon at about 1:30 pm. The restaurant was not too crowded and we were seated in a corner spot which was fine.  There was a large party near us that was celebrating someone's birthday and frankly we joined in and sang happy birthday and clapped for the Birthday Girl.  There was one thing missing no wait staff made it to our table for about 15 - 20 minutes and at that point we decided to leave.  No water, no appetizers no offer of service.  There have been limited times in my life that I have walked out of a restaurant and this, unfortunately was one of those times.  I told the gentleman that seated us that we left because no one waited our table.  I think he may have been stunned but I wasn't sure and we left.  At this point although we had one very nice experience, however,  I truly do not think my wife and I will ever return, and it is a shame since the first experience that we had at this restaurant was very nice.I had the pork belly tacos and the refried beans. They were very good. I also had the chocolate cake with banana ice cream. Which was delicious. The only negative was the ice cream which had some ice crystals (possibly frozen chunks of bananas) that were not very appealing.Saw one hair...let it go. Then came another hair...
Ordered on caviar with an 18% service fee...to have hair in my food!!We arrived on a very busy Friday night as the advance guard of a group of 6 COF's (Cranky Od Farts) and were seated graciously and quickly.  Ordered Gimlets (vodka and gin); both were outstanding.
Went with the tasting menu and enjoyed way too much delicious food served by excellent servers.
We will definitely be back, but probably on a weekday when the din is less.  Otherwise, it's pretty close to perfect.Pretty good (though a portion of that goodness comes from the cute waiter--rivaling Doma's!) Mexican offering in Fairmount!
The guacamole (regular) is delicious (though, as with many serve-in-a-mortar spots, it looks like they give you more than they actually do), though the chips were slightly stale. The tacos al pastor were good: succulent meat, though I would've liked a second lime wedge, more pineapple chunks, and maybe some pickled jalapeno to kick up the flavor. The virgin margarita with a pineapple shot was very strong--I preferred it slightly watered down.
La Calaca Feliz's backyard courtyard is very appealing. Overall, La Calaca Feliz's ambiance is more "Center City" than nearby Isabel, which has a fancied-up cafeteria feel, however, in terms of flavor, Isabel wins.I tried this place for my boyfriend's birthday this weekend. We went during their Restaurant Week, but since it was our first time at the restaurant and we were celebrating his big day, we decided to order from the regular menu and get a good idea of what the place was like. 
We started off with the guacamole and salsa. Both delicious. The guacamole comes out already mixed in one of those stone bowls. 
As appetizers we had the meatballs and the albondigas skewers - the meatballs were to die for, oozing cheese... and the octopus was grilled to perfection even though it tasted a bit dry. In retrospect, a little lemon juice would have been perfect. 
For the main dishes, my boyfriend had the grilled shrimp and i had the black bass. 
His shrimp was good, it had a bean sauce which made it interesting, but my dish was truly amazing. It came with rice mixed with corn, asparagus and crab meat. So incredibly good!
The desserts looked yummy but we were both so full that we passed. The waitress - who was a sweetheart - brought over some delicious gelato with a candle for the birthday boy. I thought it was a very nice touch. 
The restaurant itself is deceiving in that it is very narrow and small when you first walk in, but it opens up into a beautifully painted room, with lots of bright colors and cool details. I heard there's a nice outside area as well, but it was dark so I didn't get to see it. We sat my a fireplace which will be extremely cozy in the winter. 
Overall a great experience, I recommend it!The food is tasty but not necessarily filling.
For a party of six, the service was okay.
In general the plates are pretty small.
For the price point, there was a little more to be desired.Kinda wish they made the guacamole in front of us and the swordfish taco with the plantain was a bit confusing to the taste buds....Now that I got the (small) negatives out of the way, I'll explain what this place does absolutely right!
When you enter, it seems really small and cramped but they have a larger dining room in the back which accommodates a wide range of groups from small to large. They also had outdoor seating right outside the dining room which was beautifully lit reminiscent of a beer garden.
Their feliz margarita was solid and the baja fish taco was perfectly battered and fried without being mushy on the inside.
The wait staff was more than helpful and extremely friendly when we had questions.
I thoroughly enjoyed my time here and it is definitely a place I plan on recommending to others.Usually Yelp reviews guide me to the right spots...La Calaca was certainly not on the top of my list.  In order the fig and bacon guacamole was below average and not at all flavorful.  I have made much better guac at home. The margaritas were weak, watery and sweet which for me is the worst of all worlds. The verde enchiladas were tolerable but did not fill me up. The pork belly tacos were the best thing I tried but may have only been good because the rest of the food was unremarkable.  The tacos had a bit of an asian flare which was cool and different however. Service was fine but for the price tag, not at all worth it.Amazing food and great service! The carnitas, mushroom and chorizo tacos were great. Definitely recommend the corn side as well. Reasonably priced too. Can't wait to come back!This place is so over priced and the food is mediocre. I've never been to a Mexican restaurant that didn't give you rice and beans with your meal. My partner and I were shocked that we had to order them as an extra. If you're walking by and considering this place keep on going. So many other better options.We started with the guac which was solid - good avocados make it hard to screw up, in my opinion. I started with the tortilla soup which had really great flavor (but was noticeably spicy to a wimp like me. Just something to be aware of). Magnificent mushroom tacos. They were perfect. My friend had the carnival tacos which were also phenomenal. Our server was exactly attentive enough, we weren't rushed, and got to enjoy the lovely outdoor seating! Lovely dinner spot for catching up with a friend.I love this place. Perfect margaritas , great food and service .The outside patio at outside of la calaca Feliz is a GREAT hidden spot during the spring/summer and I will definitely go bad! We got to this place on a Sunday ~4Pm and we had to wait to be sited because they were still waiting on the patio space to be ready. After 5 min, our party of four got sited and we ordered margaritas. I felt the drink was on the spot and had the right amount of liquor. We were not extremely hungry so we decided to share and ordered Crab fondido and nachos with spared ribs. Both plates were just great and PLENTY of food to be shared. The prices are reasonable and the service is nice. Definitely another place to had to my go-to list.So I feel almost bad about writing this review...but then I get mad thinking about the 15 bucks I wasted on nachos that made me gag :/  I live in the neighborhood and after my roommate sung La Calacas high praises we went to dinner and grabbed margs and their famous nachos...which are awesome...or were
The past two times we ordered nachos we noticed ehhh stuff was burnt, things werent fresh etc etc..but this time I actually had to write a review.  We decided to go with the brisket on the nachos and whatever meat they put on it was horrendous.  By meat I mean just gobs of white fat they must have shaved off from the carnitas that was going to something else because our whole order was just literally....fat.   Ugh terrible had to throw the whole thing out and we have decided third times the charm on the no bueno list :(Best nachos in town, without competition. Freshest ingredients of any Mexican restaurant we have visited.We were able to get last minute reservations.  Got margaritas (virgin, lychee, something else) - delish.  Nachos with brisket were amazing, guac solid.  Ceviche, mexican pizza, and a whole bunch of tacos were all amazing.  Our waitress was curt and brought the check without asking whether we wanted dessert.  We did and got coffee and a chocolate bar.  Great dining experience if you dont much care re service.I've been on the fence of a 3/4 rating since going to La Calaca Feliz a few weeks ago.
We made a reservation during fairmount restaurant week and they had a 3 course, $25 special going on. It involved an app, entree, and ice cream. 
The best parts of the meal (which were admittedly great) were the spicy margs, bacon and fig guacamole, and churro ice cream.
The appetizers and main course weren't bad but they seemed to be a bit bland . Even the "jalapeno pickles" were not spicy. That being said, the fish tacos were SUPER a delicious mixture of flaky fish and crispy coating. I am almost wondering if everything was turned down to appeal to a wider audience during restaurant week?
Either way, the vibe is great and the prices are reasonable. We'll likely go back here.Good food and great ambience. The grilled corn and cauliflower tacos were my favorite. The kale salad was a little too tart from too much dressing and needed something sweet to balance it out. Guacamole was fresh, as were the chips. The chorizo taco that my friend got was bland and needed a lot more flavor. Overall, I'll definitely go back.My favorite Mexican food in Philadelphia. I moved from Arizona where you can find amazing Mexican food, en La Calaca Feliz can give a run for their money to many Mexican restaurants in AZ. Make sure to get the mashroom tacos, nachos with brisket... actually try everything in the menu if you can.I love Xochitl and Lolita, so when I heard some of the folks behind those restaurants were opening up a spot in Fairmount, I was looking forward to trying it. Big disappointment. Ok, not big, but La Calaca Feliz certainly doesn't live up to the food at either of the aforementioned restaurants. 
Unless you live in the area, there's no reason to go out of your way to visit. The decor, atmosphere and service were good, and while the food was fine, it just wasn't interesting. We had the guac, enchiladas, tacos and a pitcher of sangria. I'm not even sure the tortillas were housemade. I'd much prefer the tacquerias on Washington Ave. 
Just a heads-up: It's tough to get a table on a Friday night. La Calaca only takes reservations for parties of 6, but I was told that we could call ahead 20 minutes to put our names on the list. So I did and was told the wait was actually going to be 45 minutes. No prob. We arrived on time, just a few minutes before the 45-minute mark. But then I was told by the host that it would be another 45 minutes. O-k. 
Luckily, if you need to pass the time, there are several great watering holes in the area, including Bishop's Collar, Brigid's and London. Then again, you might just be better off having your dinner at one of those restaurants instead of La Calaca.I'm giving it 3 as a benefit of the doubt. It's my 1st time & maybe it's normally better? I'll explain:
I live nearby, but never made it in. Just last week, someone specifically rec the house margarita & nachos (add brisket) at HH to get it at a discount. $5! So, I'm here! I order accordingly, adding the asparagus tlayuda. The nachos have cheese, beans, peppers, brisket, etc. The asparagus thing is like a Mexican pizza. Corn Mesa crust topped with poblano peppers, cheese, jalapeño. Now, u would think with all these toppings, things are going to be flavorful & fun. It was not. This was the most average & bland food. I had to ask for salt & basically bathed my food in salt to eat it. The only thing that rang out in my mouth was eating the slices of jalapeño. At least there was heat! No taste though. :/
The margarita: watery...eh. 
Verdict: I went out of my way to drive over here from my house (I can walk to my normal establishments). I will never be so inclined to do that again. I gave the extra star thinking that if I ate in the dining room, the food is improved. The reviews & rep are so good, I have to think it was b/c the HH food doesn't get as much attn or something. I will not rule out eating dinner & trying the entrees. But this was not worth moving my car!My girlfriend and I love checking out neighborhood bars. This one has been on our list for awhile but we always end up going elsewhere randomly. Well we finally made it, made reservations and arrived on a Monday night and there was a steady crowd in there. Great atmosphere and the food comes out fast and is fantastic. It was our first time there and normally when letting a server know that they will volunteer information about the Menu and the restaurant. Not our server! Felt like he hated us from the moment we sat down. He was just dry, miserable, and not attentive at all. I felt like he would even avoid looking at our table.  As a matter of fact after we put in our food and drink orders we did not see that gentlemen until it was time to pay our bill. The host was actually very nice and ended up serving us for remainder of our dining experience for some reason. He immediately offered suggestions for desert knowing that it was our first time and he was just a genuinely nice guy. You can definitely sense that there was some internal issues or animosity built up with our original server. The food runners were great and so was everyone else so we left a great tip although it was undeserving of our server. Philly has so many great food options so at the end of the day the service will always be the determining factor. Crab Fundido is great, So are the tacos, & shrimp and grits. Would have love to try the Chef tasting Menu but the server could not tell me one item that was included with it. "Its just random items off the menu". Great answer. "Do you have any suggestions for us.........." , Server - "I mean not really it depends on what you like", uummmm alright then.Exactly what Fairmount needed, a GREAT Mexican joint to grab margaritas, tacos and all the South-of-the-Border fixings when you're craving them! Their version of a mojito (sorry, the name slips me!) is to die for, and the guac is on point. Both their carnitas and chicken tacos with queso fresco couldn't have been fresher, and the wait staff was incredibly baby-friendly as we had our 5-month old with us, and she wasn't necessarily being the calmest patron. A family-friendly spot I highly recommend!If there is one restaurant I absolutely adore in Philadelphia it is La Calaca Feliz. I highly recommend venturing out to Fairmount if you have a chance. It is less congested, airy, and they have a cool jail for touring if you needed an activity to pair with your meal destination. There are also a bunch of bars in the area.
We went to La Calaca Feliz on a particularly hot day. It was our first visit and we were pleased to find out they had outdoor seating. We were able to enjoy the sun under a tree. Their backyard is nicely set up. It's friendly, inviting, and very cute. I would love to have a small party there.
The service was excellent from start to finish. The staff was super nice, refilled our waters over and over again, and even gave us recommendations for our next meal.
The food was fantastic, fresh, and delicious. For appetizers we had the pulpo with arugula and radish and the asparagus tlayuda. The tlayuda was just like a Mexican pizza. It was so good. For our main dishes we got the fish tacos and pork belly tacos. Next time, I would think to get only one order of tacos and try another dish. It was definitely a lot of food/tacos. By the end of dinner, I wish we weren't so stuffed. Their dessert menu is mouth watering. Tres leches cake, Mexican chocolate cake... I can't wait to come back.Expensive! Hubby and I got only entrees and paid way too much. The chicken enchiladas with mole sauce were just okay. They forgot to put in my order of refried beans, which was also mediocre when I finally got it. I was rooting for a great Mexican spot in the neighborhood but was disappointed.Unbelievable brunch. Thursday happy hour is a tequila lover's dream, house margarita is flawless. Menu is creative and flavorful. Love this place.We managed to get a table without reservations during happy hour (goes until 7pm). I ordered the house margarita on the rocks with salt. Delicious!  
After we ordered, I saw the waiter bring a plate of nachos to a table nearby. I quickly added that to my meal. The nachos are layered with beans cheese jalapeños sauce,etc and then baked. We devoured them and quite frankly didn't touch my meal! 
I told my friends about this place the next day and we were back that night! This time we ordered the nachos and the guacamole which is also delicious. I thought since there were 4 of us that I could still order the cauliflower tacos. But another night where I was too stuffed to eat my dinner and my bf had it for lunch the next day. 
My bf got the Baja fish tacos both nights and loved it. 
I will definitely be back but I'll stick to my nachos and margaritas going forward!Ive lived across from this place a few years and finally decided i had to give it a try. So happy I did! This place is delicious!! The Black Bass entree is one of the best seafood entrees I've ever had. Can't wait to go back and try something else.Hands down the best Mexican restaurant in the city!  My personal favorites are the  nachos, the Baja fish tacos and the swordfish tacos.  Add one of their three chili margaritas and it's the perfect meal!  Whether you live in center city, olde city, down the street in Fairmount, etc. I highly recommend a trip over there.Delicioso. The service is great and the marghrittas are awesome.I had dinner there last night and it was a great meal and experience. The server we had was friendly and very knowledgable.  She recommended we do the Tasing Menu ($29) since neither of us had been before and it was fantastic. We both loved everything that was prepared for us.  Also, the Garcia Margarita was possibly the BEST margarita I have every had and I always order a margarita when having Mexican.  The atmospher of the restaurant is really quaint and cozy.  I really liked it.  I recommend this restaurant and look forward to returning!For Philly, this is a solid 4 stars for Mexican, but having lived in Texas, my expectations are much higher. The margaritas are great (although pricey), the guacamole was also terrific, and they stayed with the authentic corn tortillas and not the Americanized flour tortilla that everyone prefers. However, their sauces are way too heavy with the consistency of ketchup, their salsa - while fresh- lacks taste, and the service was slow and it was very loud. I will definitely be back, as it's the best Mexican i've had in Philly but that's not a long or distinguished list.I can't tell you how the food was cos I didn't get any! 
My boyfriend & I wanted to try this place this weekend, and I tried to get a reservation, but was told on the phone that they don't take reservations for under 6 people. The woman did offer that I could put my name down for a table about a half hour before we intended to go, so I said I'd call back. Called back later at about 7:30 and was told that the wait was 2 hours long. 9:30 pm is way late for dinner, so obviously had to ditch it--wish I was given at least an inkling that the wait time could run that long. 
The next day, we decided to just show up. Walked in and were told the wait was 45 minutes to an hour. We certainly didn't want to wait that long (this is the Art Museum area, not Center City!) So I asked the host how to go about it since they don't take reservations for two people. All he could offer was that they do allow us to put down our names. I said we'd tried it the day before, and the wait was an incredibly long two hours. Got a halfhearted sorry. 
You'd think especially when you're a new restaurant in the neighborhood, you would try to keep customers coming and make some effort to accommodate those who express a special interest to try it? And why would you not take reservations for under 6 people if you're that busy? Just based on their inability to be accommodating to customers, I'm certainly not going back!I have been here about 10 times and it is always excellent.  Some of my favorites include: Bacon, fig & blue cheese guacamole, Hamachi Ceviche, tacos (all), meatballs, octopus and the tres leches cake. Great tequilla selection as well.I am conflicted with this place!  I am a lover of Mexican flavors, easy on the spicy peppers.  I continue to be impressed by the quality of the food at La Calaca Feliz.  To start, they have a nice variety of fresh ceviche, guacamole and melty piled high nachos that I have to help myself from ordering because I just want to eat up every last bite.  Great selection of tacos (their fish tacos are my favorite even though they're breaded & fried (I think), you will not be disappointed!), enchiladas and fresh entrees if you care for something more substantial.  I'm not a huge fan of tequila, but their three chili margarita is a must!  They have a nice selection of seasonal margaritas and other refreshing cocktails.  
I am a loyal customer and consider myself on the patient side but my pain point is with the service.  I come here because the food is just so tasty!  But the service is really hit or miss.  Last night, they must have been training staff for the summer, because it seemed like the wheels fell off the entire operation!  It was a relatively busy night (nice weather, eureka!) and the hostess didn't exactly exude confidence in what she was doing... troublesome.  She said maybe it would take 20-30 minutes to seat us outside, after 30 minutes of waiting, I asked for the status and she said MAYBE 20 more... whaa?! I was pissed & hangry and a spot had just opened at the bar so we sat there.  I appreciate the hard working bartender, I think the bar back was new and she handled the busy crowd/less than stellar support from the staff with patience and enthusiasm.  On the one off occasion, your server may be frantic b/c the kitchen is slammed and your food could take a while... etc.   
In conclusion, I do recommend going to La Calaca Feliz when you're in Fairmount... just have your patience pants on.The food was good but nothing amazing.  The drinks were ok but super sweet.  The service was over whelming. They had so many people assisting my table (that was only myself and one other person) it seemed daunting.   Also we had no silverware until we asked for a fork and were only given a fork.  And only one napkin.  Trying to leave was interesting.  Extremely over crowded at the door to get out.  People were eating what appeared to be meals while standing next to the door.  Strange.  However it was discovered after we arrived that it was restaurant week for the Fairmount area but still.I went with two friends on a Friday. We were able to get a table quickly, staff was on point (not to mention incredibly good looking), and service was excellent. Everyone loved their food, including the super tasty salsa and guac. We scraped the bowl clean! I could not decide which tacos to get, and asked our server to choose for me, and I was not let down. The Chorizo & Potato Tacos were delicious. My drink was so so good, and the happy hour prices were great. I will for sure be going back!Love this place.  House nachos are great as are the carnitas.  Happy hour menu rocks!Fantastic restaurant!  YUM!  Had a sampling of a variety of apps, including the guac (with appples!), some flatbread pizzas (mushroom was my favorite), duck meatballs (outta this world). Excellent salsas, be sure to try the habernero!  the black Bass was amazing. Make sure you save room for dessert, the ice cream sundae with Carmel corn will blow your mind! 
 Awesome ambience. Can't wait till greenhouse is built outside with additional seating. Great service   
Will be back very soon! 
Go here!!!I love their happy hour! Nachos and other happy hour specials are always spot on! Keep up the good work!!!Seriously good food!!! If you are looking for authentic mexican food this is the place!!! I was really impressed by the flavors, quality and appearance of the food I ordered. Let's start with the guacamole. WOW, it was amazing!! It was so simple but yet so delicious. The guacamole is served with fresh chips that also come with a side of salsa. I ordered the carinitas tacos and the elote  loco which is the grilled corn on the cob. I was blown away!!!! Quality over quantity is a nice way to describe La Calaca Feliz!! The enjoyed the great service as all servers and bartenders were very attentive and very pleasant. I also had one of the best margaritas here. It was the perfect blend of tequila and sour mix. I think that for the quality and service you get that the pricing if fair. I will return and totally recommend this restaurant!!!
*credit cards accepted
*check hours because they close for an hour or so after brunch to prepare for dinner. 
*easy to find street parkingOk food. Nice space. Fish tacos an interesting take and a very good. Pork tacos and guac not quite as good as most south philly tacquerias (or homemade), and considering the cost those are better hands down. All in all too Stephen Starr-ish for my liking (not that its his place...).Food was ok if you were looking for a fusion of different American and American Mexican bar food. We got mushroom tacos, squash enchiladas, some big nacho platter and the guacamole. They were all ok tasting and it was something different so it was worth the try. The guacamole was definitely not the best in Philadelphia. Best part was their Arnold Palmer Iced tea. Probably won't go back again but it was worth going once. They wouldn't give us extra onions in a dish. THIS PLACE DOES NOT HAVE AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD.Best fish tacos I've ever had and delicious sangria. I just found out that they have a sister store in the 'burbs near my house and I could not be more excited!!I "bookmarked" this place, because of outdoor seating and the Domingo Sundae neither of which I did/got.  Started with guacamole and a lychee margarita - love that there was a large lychee nestled in my drink!  My Baja fish tacos arrived along with my sides of refried beans and plantains.  YAY!  So, so yum.  My only complaint was there wasn't enough lemon vinaigrette on my taco (sure there's a joke in there somewhere), but that was easily remedied by using some left over guac and salsa.  Will definitely be back to try the different tacos!Drinks are good!! Mexican street corn is a must here!!! We got all different tacos and liked them all very much!! Definitely a fun vibe and service was great! Parking can be iffy here. Looking forward to coming back!Adorable neighborhood spot. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the décor is great and the back courtyard is awesome! The bartender was very nice and accommodating, making me my own customary jalapeno-pineapple margarita. Nachos are fantastic. Perfect date night spot!Completely mediocre Mexican food, everything over salted, and expensive to boot.  I would give it two starts, but the server was really great.  We had the guacamole, which was very good, but for ten bucks I want a bigger portion.  Enchiladas were $20 and nothing special.  Nachos were gloppy.  Jicama salad was excellent.  Pretty loud.Easily one of my favorite places to eat in Philly. Authentic Mexican atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating. 
My favorite entree so far has been the Grilled Shrimp & Tequila Grits w/ bacon corn salsa. This is definitely a dish that I would order again (but haven't done so yet because there are so many enticing options on the menu).
When it comes to appetizers, it's impossible to say which is better between the Fig & Bacon Guacamole and the Lamb Barbacoa Tlayuda (open-faced toasted tortilla with chickpea spread, oaxaca, cilantro, taqueria guacamole), so I would say get both! The Fig & Bacon Guacamole is enough for 3-4 people. 
I've also had the Pork Belly Tacos, which I highly recommend. 
My girlfriend has had the Enchilada Con Pollo, which she loved. She also had the Cauliflower Tacos, which she was not a huge fan of, as they were pretty bland (but then again, cauliflower is bland haha). 
As far as drinks go, I usually stick with the Mexican theme and go with Dos Equis Amber, but my girlfriend absolutely LOVES  the Cumberland Blues cocktail (which is similar to a mojito). 
Anytime I'm in the city, La Calaca is on my top 5 list of places to eat. Check it out, I guarantee you won't be disappointed.I've been here a bunch of times and each time have had a wonderful and delicious experience. The guac and margaritas are great! The restaurant itself is very trendy and cool with a nice courtyard. Don't miss it, Philadelphia!As one of my friends put it, "The name of that restaurant is so fun to say!"
Do you really need more reasons to choose a restaurant? Here's a few:
Carnitas Tacos - Best I've ever had, and I lived in California for a while and found some pretty great back-of-the-Mexican-grocery-store taquerias there. The meat is succulent and juicy yet crisped on the outside. The flavor is just right. Add to that some avocado, salsa roja, and other standard toppings. Three tacos to a plate. Just right. Only real drawback is sometimes they're too juicy and the tortilla gets soggy, especially if you order it for take-out. Also, once in a while, they don't quite crisp the carnitas well enough for me, and then these tacos are a bit meh.
Chicken Tacos - Also amazing. Before they added these to the menu, the same chicken, pickled cabbage, avocado, and queso was in an appetizer called Chicken Sopes. Instead of a tortilla, it was over a little crispy pancake type thing. I liked that version much better than the tacos, so I hope they bring those back.
Elotes Loco - Every time I order it, people around ask, "What is that?" - "Crazy Corn hombre!" It's an ear of corn with all kinds of gooey good stuff like queso on it.
Sweet Plantains are my dessert - queso fresco again? Hit me.
The staff should get a nod here as well because they're awesome too. They're friendly and seem to really take care of everyone. I'm a regular, but I'm not just saying this based on how I'm treated. They take care of everyone and it shows.A yummy mexican restaurant that offers great and tasty mexican fare.  The guacamole is delicious and offered in a cute pig bowl! They offer all sorts of tasty drinks. If you like mexican food than go here NOW. If you are not a fan, then this restaurant won't change your mind.
My only complaint is that it's small and it got loud, but people were enjoying themselves. A great place!Very disappointed what more can I say 
Cheap sugary low class drinks (tried atleast 4) but does have Great fish tacosThis restaurant almost deserves 5 stars.  It had amiable atmosphere with affable staff.  The fish tacos and brisket tacos will brilliant.  The Margaretas were smooth.  There were none of the typical tortilla chips and salsa to start. It would have been overkill anyway.  This is a "Yes."Guacamole is NOT fresh or flavorful, it tastes like something you would find in a supermarket or at Taco Bell.  Tortilla chips were stale.
Saving grace: 3 chile margarita - delicious and perfect. Mushroom tacos were REALLY good, interesting flavor with the lemon vinagrette.So I walked into La Calaca Feliz the other day and had a seat at the bar for some food and drinks.
What I liked about La Calaca Feliz:
The bartenders are friendly and make great margaritas. The guacamole traditional is creamy and has chucks of avocado :) The carnitas tacos are probably top three carnitas I have ever had, the meat is flavorful and moist with focus on the pork. What I really was craving was the grilled corn, it was covered in cheese, chili and butter/cream. I enjoyed it but wish it had a little more lime touch.
The so-so about La Calaca Feliz
The squash blossom enchilada was average in my opinion...maybe that's because I wanted something different and I am not super familiar with squash...I liked the chili verde which accompanies the dish but the squash didn't really do anything for me. 
Overall I enjoyed my meal/experience at La Calaca Feliz...I will certainly be back to try more tacos and the tortilla soup.Great place with great food and decor. 
It fills up fast so make reservations, if they take them, or get there early.
The guac is great. El pastor tacos were great. 
Avoid the fish tacos though, they were heavily breaded and probably should've been lighter. The plantain sides with cheese were delicious as well. Great attentative service.I've had wonderful nachos at several La Calaca Feliz happy hours, and excellent tacos, tlayudas, guacamole, and to-die-for tortilla soup during many dinner visits.  The common thread is always a delicious margarita, or perhaps two.Having grown up in Mexico I found some of the food lacking. Definitely do not get the  tortilla soup. The chicken was either undercooked or heavily processed. It was like rubber, the mystery meat in the Campbell's can is better. The fish tacos were good but deep fried, not authentic by any means. The chicken tacos were good and a little more traditional, though the tortillas are better on 8th st. The arrachera was tasteless and did not have the traditional sides. The guacamole was good but very to much lemon the chips were good and the tortilla helping was generous. The servers were very nice though the food came out slowly. The margaritas are very strong and the churro ice cream and mango sorbet were good, though not home made.  The prices were very very fair, so if you want a decent Mexican that is going towards authentic and you are in the neighborhood, then stop by. Otherwise find out where the taco truck is stopping next and head there.Uh oh, am I seeing things or does this place actually serve REAL Mexican food in Philly? I went here on a date last Thursday night and was very impressed! The decor of this establishment was modern, yet also had an old Southwestern/Mexican feel to it. Their "Carnitas Taco" comes dangerously close to the street tacos I used to eat down in Mexico and their guacamole dip....words alone can't describe how amazing it tastes! To accompany my meal, I also had a bottle of good ol' Mexican coke oh and also some tasty chipotle salsa dip! So why the 4 stars and not 5 stars? Well, since I'm a huge fan of spicy flavors, I was let down by how mild their salsas were! I even asked the helpful waitress whether she had something "spicier" and came back with habanero salsa. Hot right? Wrong! Ha! Ha! They must've mixed in a dash of habanero in there or something, because the spiciness wore off after 2-3 dips with their excellent tortilla chips (is this an East Coast thing?). Another aspect I must mention is, their dessert selection wasn't so great. Where's the Flan? Oh and one more thing, their tacos are not huge, as some previous reviewers have stated, I was still hungry afterwards!We came here with friends for our first dinner in Philly. Our friends raved about it and we're always up for Mexican, so we thought it was a slam dunk. It wasn't, but it wasn't an air ball either - somewhere in between.
I really like the space. We wanted to sit outside on their lovely patio, but there wasn't space for a party our size. Instead, we say in a large booth in the back corner. All of our dinner companions frequent the place and were quite friendly with the staff. Everyone was so nice, that it's truly disappointing that I can't like it more than I do. 
To start, I went with the three chile margarita; I actually had two and they were my favorite thing about my meal. Sweet, spicy and delicious. Manfriend and I ordered the hamachi ceviche to split as our starter. It was good, but for the price, I thought the portion was scant.
For our main, our entire table ordered the fish tacos. They were so hyped, it seemed silly to go with anything else. The tacos were fine, not my favorites by a stretch. The amount of fish in each taco was generous, but the flavors fell flat. I was gobsmacked that they charge $14 for two tacos; just two tacos, not rice, beans or anything else. To accompany our dinner, we ordered  rice and beans, sweet plantains, and chochoyotes. Of the three, the sweet plantains are the only item I'd order again. The rice and beans were average; not bad and not remarkable. I was intrigued by the chochoyotes or Mexican gnocchi; the dish is ok, but missing something that would make the flavors really pop. It felt kind of like an odd menu pairing, like I'd just ordered a side of Italian food to go with my tacos. Maybe if the flavors had more of a latino flair, I'd feel differently. The plantains were the star; so delicious, these I would order again without hesitation.
Bottom line, I left feeling like I dropped an above average amount of money on a very average meal.La Calaca is a great mexican restaurant in the fun area of Fairmont. I will say I would advise taking an uber or public transportation there as it is very difficult to find parking in that area. Also definitely make a reservation as the place is always packed. Their fish tacos are delicious and their margaritas are great too. I got a blood orange one. I am giving this review a 4 and not 5 because for some items on the menu not everything in the dish is listed. We got an ice cream sundae and there were pumpkin seeds on the sundae but this was not listed, so we were unaware until it arrived. Had it been listed we would have asked for the sundae without it.So I was really looking forward to going to Calaca Feliz, because of how very fond I am of Taqueria Feliz in Manayunk. My experience there started as we waited by the bar to be seated. I noticed a funky smell, like garbage or dirty dishes. I then noticed that people were coming up and down the steps out of the basement, but the smell really permeated the rest of the area.
After being brought into the dining room I was very impressed by the large murals on the walls and the overall decor. The space was very nice to look at with plenty of natural light and a skylight. The service was fine, nothing really to complain about.
Food
We ordered the Nachos with brisket. The nachos at Taqueria Feliz are awesome, so I assumed these would be awesome. I was a bit disappointed at how the Nachos were layered though. It seemed as though someone took a big pile of tortilla chips and just threw a bunch of cheese and stuff on top leaving 50 percent of the tortilla chips completely bare. In my book that is a cardinal nacho sin. All those poor chips left uneaten.
For dinner I ordered the fried chicken tacos. Which is either a new item or was recently removed based on the websites current dinner menu. This being said the tacos were fine, I was disappointed because the sauce they put on it was so sweet that you couldn't even taste the chicken at all. Couldn't taste the breading or the chicken. The sauce while tasty did not complement the chicken well.
The other person I was with got the grilled chicken mole. I did not try it, but it looked good. My friend said the chicken was well cooked, but that the mole was a bit too sweet for their liking. They also gave her a bowl of rice and beans which was actually surprisingly quite good for a simple bowl of rice and beans.
Overall everything was fine, I think I just had really high expectations going in. Truth be told though, if this was my first experience and I did not have a history with the other restaurant, I would probably be meh about returning. I will probably return because it is right down the street from my sister's place and I want to give them a second chance. Many of the items on the menu were adventurous enough that I'm sure there are some hits in there.First: the decor here is absolutely great. I think the brightly muraled walls give eating here an extra sense of fun.
The food: my boyfriend and I both ordered the Enchiladas with Ranchera salsa. He got the Chicken and I the Mariscos and we both thought they were delicious. We had come in very hungry so we got the Mexican Chocolate Cake which is topped with roasted banana ice cream and is surrounded by passionfruit sauce. The cake and ice cream were great but if I were to order again I'd ask for it without the sauce or just not as much. It was just waaayyyy to strong of a flavor for the dish. Sort of tasted like melted-down sour passionfruit-flavored hard candies.
Overall: cool place, good food, would return and try more of the menu! (Especially that churro ice cream)Live in the neighborhood and have walked by this place a million times. My boyfriend and I decided we would order take out since we had called for a reservation and there was a 2 hour wait. It was very crowded and loud but the staff greeted us immediately and the host was polite and he seemed happy to be there. We order the guacamole, Baja fish tacos and pork carnitas tacos. It was all ready in 15 minutes. (There is a bar, which is nice you can have a drink while you wait for your food or even eat at the bar) Anyway everything looked good, was super delicious and tasted fresh. Definitely recommend trying this spot out!The short version: burnt cauliflower and dry pork aren't great fillings for tacos. 
The longer version: I ordered the cauliflower tacos, my husband ordered the special pork tacos, per the waitresses recommendation and we decided to start with the asparagus tlayudas (flatbread). The flatbread was okay - there wasn't a real balance of flavors, could have used some citrus and a fresh element, but generally okay. Then came the tacos, oh dear. My husband's pork tacos were dry and under seasoned. Then there were my tacos. Should I even call them that? In each uncooked taco shell were three burnt pieces of cauliflower some equally burnt nopales (cactus) and a sprinkle of what I could only imagine was the salsa and guacamole. They were terrible but I was starving, so I ate them. The good news, is that they didn't kill me. The bad news is that they will never see us again. You can't burn all the main ingredients or under season them and then bring them to the table and say "TADA its dinner!" 
Definitely not again.Delicious nachos and fun atmosphere.  Overall, the food and service is mediocre.Love this little Mexican place. Stumbled across it when leaving the Penitentiary one night. The margaritas alone are worth coming back for, but the food is amazing. Shrimp and chorizo tacos are my favorite, but everything on the menu is great!Great food, great margaritas! A little expensive to go as frequently as I'd like but feel the prices are appropriate for what you get. An amazing addition to the neighborhood.Love this place! Their cocktails are always spot-on and the food is fantastic. The decor is also beautiful. I now frequently crave their Baja tilapia tacos. They are just about the best thing you can eat. Really.Walked in without a reservation on a busy Saturday eve and was given a table immediately. The place has nice decor and unique style. The outdoor seating with cute lighting is really nice and quaint and rare to find in the city. We started with the Guacamole and chips. The taste is  just as authentic as the way of serving in a Molcajete. Also tried the tacos and the enchiladas. Delicious!Friend brought me here for dinner over the weekend. I was starving, so I was ready for some damn good tacos. You know what I got? Some damn good tacos! We started with drinks, a house margarita for me. Nothing to write home about. Then the guac came. With the chips. There is nothing better than some freshly made guac and perfectly crispy salty chips. This was one of the best guac+chip combos I've ever had. Please mail me some chips.
Then I had the much anticipated chicken tacos sans cabbage. These were SO tasty and I ate them so quickly. Heads up, they come on corn tortillas, but I sub'd for flour. Super happy with that decision. We skipped on dessert because we were so full, but it all sounded good too! Check this place out if you're ever in the neighborhood. No regrets.We came here with a good sized group in the middle of the week. Making reservations was a breeze and I was surprised at how busy it was here. Parking was easy to find on the street but I can imagine it's tough on weekends. The folks who work here are friendly and helpful. We really loved our cocktails especially the spicy one but they're definitely not cheap. The food was good but we all agreed we were expecting more considering the prices. Would come here again.This place is an absolute neighborhood gem.  Good drinks and a great tequila selection.  Very tasty food.  On two different visits I've tried the tlayuda, nachos, guacamole, fish tacos, enchilada con mariscos and the sinfully delicious flourless chocolate cake.  The guacamole is very good.  A little on the creamier side, but still excellent.  The tlayuda is off the chain good.  The nachos could use some more filling in proportion to the amount of chips, but that's a minor quibble.  Fish tacos are some of the best I've had and the enchiladas are just plain awesome.  If you like hot stuff ask for a side of the house made habanero hot sauce.  The service and management are top notch.  We celebrated my wife's 35th birthday there tonight and were very happy with everything.  Definitely worth checking out.My favorite fancy mexican food restaurant in Philly. Drinks are delightful and the food is melt-in-your-mouth delicious! I want to go again NOW!Could of had better service. The waiter was slow but everything else was amazing. Please go there and enjoy.This is by FAR my favorite place to go in Fairmount.  I have never ordered anything I  didn't like, they always have good specials and they're drinks are reasonably priced.  The service is always impicable and very friendly.  As far as mexican goes, they've set the bar for me.I've been to La Calaca Feliz only twice for happy hours but neither time disappointed. The margaritas are very delicious and quite a steal at happy hour. Additionally, the nachos are quite filling as others have mentioned in their reviews. If you can, sit out front at one of the first come, first serve tables and order/pay inside at the bar.Excellent mexican restaurant. Basically my go to whenever someone comes to visit. Good atmosphere. Food is modern and complex but well priced and tasty.We came here for brunch after stopping by the nearby museums. Loved the Mexican flare on your typical brunch items. Everything was flavorful and presented beautifully. I would've loved to try their frescas as well! Easy spot to grab brunch or lunch near the museums.Probably some of the best nachos I've ever had were at this unassuming little place tucked in next to the Beehive hair salon on Fairmount. It's a very nice reincarnation of the tacky Italian restaurant that preceded it. We were there for happy hour and each had two margaritas - I accidentally ordered the "lite" margarita at first, and it was pretty gross. The regular margarita, with which I washed it down, was stellar.What a wonderful place. Fabulous staff and excellent food and drinks.
Our family celebration could not have been any better. The preselected menu was amazing and so filling. We started with Matt's recommendation for margaritas, with passion fruit, blood orange, chile and traditional. We each had a different one and the tasting began.
Fresh guacamole and chips started us off and the team kept them coming. Then came the jicama salad, which we were allowed to substitute (if i forgot to mention how accommodating the staff was...let me tell you they are the best!) 
Then came Hamachi Tostados ... Gone in a flash, followed by asparagus tlayuda and chorizo fundido....and there was still a third course to come and dessert. The fish tacos were the best i have ever had and i am a beach bum, so we have fresh fish tacos at the beach all the time and none come close to these. Served with plantains and crema and black beans. We had no room for the chicken enchiladas, no problem, Matt packed them up for the college grads to take home for later that night or the next day.
More margaritas and mexican chocolate cake with roasted banana ice cream rounded out our meal.
THANK YOU LA CALACA FELIZ FOR A WONDERFUL NIGHT, A GREAT CELEBRATION, FOR BEING SO WONDERFUL TO US! You were so attentive frim our first call for information through menu selection, greeting us and serving us.
We highly recommend La Calaca Feliz!guac was great! i got the carnitas tacos, which i thought was a bit salty and a bit small in portion. I wished they had more sauces/ condiments with the taco. otherwise, the ambiance is great for big groups, and their drinks were decent.Took my boyfriend there for his birthday last night.  I loved everything.  We had the Duck Empanadas which were on special, my boyfriend really loved the sauce.  We also got chips & salsa...it was the best salsa I think I have had...maybe it was the roasted corn flavor, so good!  I got the grilled shrimp (which were huge) with grits, bacon & corn YUM.  He had the Black Bass with crab & poblano rice which was also really good.  I enjoyed my drinks, Blood Orange Margarita & Cucumber Blues both refreshing!  He thought the drinks were too sweet however.  I would definitely go back...hopefully soon :-)I went to La Calaca expecting a decent Mexican meal. But oh, I got so much more. I couldn't even explain to my BF how good my Pork Belly tacos were, so I just made him try them. His fish tacos were so much better than expected. Will definitely return to try more menu items, but damn, those pork belly tacos...AMAZING chicken enchiladas. They have the perfect red sauce and balance of chicken and cheese. The rice and beans didn't necessarily taste like traditional Mexican rice and beans but they were still good. Really tasty house margarita for only 7.75. The guacamole tasted good with a heavy like taste but not a huge portion. I tried my friend's fish tacos, and they were extremely tasty. I definitely want to return.Food was awesome, good taste. We went with a group of 7 people server was quick. Enjoy the food. We didn't get any chips and salsa but everyone was happy with their food. Love the fried plantain and the tacos de pulpo. They also offered happy hour. Service was friendlyMy husband and I LOVED EVERYTHING about this place - food, service, and atmosphere were outstanding.  I just can NEVER remember the name when I'm trying to tell people about it.I came here with two friends last night. I called ahead to make a reservation but they were booked until 9:45 so we decided to walk over around 7:30 and put our name on the list. There was no wait! We were seated in the outside patio - which was really nice. Now, onto the food. We ordered chips and guacamole of course, it was super fresh. If you are with a group larger than 4, I would recommend ordering two guacs. I then ordered the fish tacos and corn. I liked the fish tacos but I think the corn was a little over cooked and had too much of the cheese and cream on it. I was very full from dinner. I ordered the white sangria, my friends has the watermelon margarita and we were all very happy with our drinks. 
I would definitely return.We had a delightful evening at this trendy little restaurant in the quaint open-air courtyard at the back. Our waiter was attentive and helpful, and his appetizer recommendations, the fresh guacamole and hamanchi ceviche, we're superb! 
All of our entrees were delicious, but our favorite was the Baja fish tacos (with creamy cilantro aioli)! We also ordered pepinos, marinated cucumbers, Fresno chili's, garnished with mint, and served in a Greek yogurt sauce. This tart & pungent medley reminded us of the bright flavorful contrasts we love in Thai food, but be forewarned, for the meek of palate, the Fresno chili's are best left on the serving dish as a garnish.
We finished our wonderful meal with another excellent recommendation from our waiter, a 'Domingo' Sundae and three spoons. The 'Domingo' is a new twist to the traditional chocolate brownie sundae. La Calaca 'kicks' this old standard up several notches by adding heavily caramelized & deliciously crunchy popcorn to the mix. Our family dove in, and though we resisted the temptation to order another, we scraped the sides of the serving bowl clean with our spoons.
Our family highly recommends La Calaca Feliz, and we certainly left with very happy bones, and the knowledge that we would return soon.This was ok Mexican - no chips or salsa served. We had the nachos which were a big portion but kind of dry since there is just a squirt of sour cream and some kind of salsa on top. Then I had the fish tacos - the fish had no real fish flavor just the crunchy fried outside. Service was friendly and efficient. Overall ok but probably won't return.I have found my new favorite restaurant!  La Calaca Feliz was highly recommended by a foodie friend.  Boy was she on target!  
The interior has the beautiful bones of the previous restaurant with an elegant Mexican flair. 
Service was very friendly and welcoming.  Nice to hear servers present Mexican food with a Spanish lilt in their voice.  
Hubby & I tried 4 appetizers - the meatballs, pulpo, chorizo & duck.  
Meatballs were perfectly cooked, with cheese in the middle.  These had a nice full flavor that did not get lost in the mourh.  Pulpo was nicely seasoned and pleasant.  The chorizo we fought over and sent a clean plate back to the kitchen.  They are served with a tortilla and frankly,  I'll have to order them again to figure out what is in there in addition to the chorizo and beans.  The duck - well , we had it after the chorizo so frankly I don't remember.  Each plate was unique and so good we'd have ordered 2 of each, but that would have meant another hour on the treadmill.  
I definitely will be back.  So glad it is in the neighborhood so we don't have to deal with the weekend crowds other reviewers are struggling with.
But what the heck,  a few margaritas even the whiners may relax and enjoy the night!OVER VIEW:
Loud, crowded, yuppie-Mexican food. Damn tasty.  Had to order a lot and spend a lot to get full.  Everyone in the entire restaurant looked to be under 30 years old.
THE DETAILS:
I want to dislike this place because it is yuppie Mexican food.  But it is damn good yuppie Mexican food.  It the best restaurant in Fairmount.  (This isn't saying much as most restaurants here leave a lot to be desired, but if you are in the neighborhood and want a good place to eat, this is it.)
Their ingredients taste super fresh.  I like the jicama salad. The tacos are small and over priced.  But, they are tasty.   I go knowing that I will have to order two entrees of tacos or a big salad, guac, and tacos in order to get full.  It is not a cheap taco joint by any means.  Nor is it traditional.  Go expecting truffle oil and sunflower seeds.The first time I was here, it was for drinks and apps.  I thought the drinks were fantastic, as was the guac & chips.  However, knowing I'd be back for food, I held off on writing a review.  
I showed up on Saturday, a little earlier than prime dinner time (6:30pm) but was told there would be a 30 min wait for seating.  Luckily, we scored two seats at the bar immediately.  The thing with sitting at the bar, is that it's near the oven and this hot apps serving thing.  Everything that came out of it passed our line of vision, making it soooooo hard to decide.  
Finally we settled on the chile rellenos, squash blossom tacos, guacamole and chips, and the special of the day: Scrapple tacos.  Yup, you read that right.  
Everything was pretty damn good, especially cheese sauce that chile rellenos is swimming in.  The scrapple taco was surprisingly not to heavy, and I think the drizzle of mustard on it was a nice touch.  
There are still many many menu items to be tried.  I'll be revisiting soon.The nachos were some of the best we have ever had. Great casual atmosphere and good service. I also had the fish tacos which again were fantastic. 
Will be coming back again!After reading the previous reviews and seeing the decor and atmosphere of this place, I had high expectations. However, I personally found the food to be too bland to be considered authentic Mexican. The salsa tasted like plain red sauce with a slight smokiness. The green enchilada sauce (which was supposed to be the spiciest) was not spicy to me at all. The fried chicken tacos were okay, but not what I was expecting. The margaritas were decently strong but were also lacking flavor. Although I really wanted to like this place since the atmosphere was so cute, I probably would not return even though it wasn't HORRIBLE.I thought it was way over priced.  The food was okay, but not much of it.  I found it strange that I could not get a frozen margarita and the glasses were not margarita glasses.  The service was good and people friendly, but the cost was not justified, in my opinion.  I would not go back.  It's a shame, as there are not Mexican places in Fairmount with a bar.I've only been here for happy hour, but I had a good experience. Their deal is $2 off most drinks including a great margarita and beer list, Monday-Friday 5-7pm. I had a few appetizers as well. Their nachos were great and their chips, if not homemade, at least taste like it. Great salsa and good guac go a long way with me at Mexican restaurants.My friend had the Elotes Loco, which is basically corn on the cob covered with lime mayo and cheese. Apparently it was amazing.  
The bar area is a little small, but if you can get a seat its a nice spot. My only complaint was that their standard 'Feliz' margarita was made before-hand and it kind of tasted like it. Still pretty tasty, just not as fresh as you'd want your margarita to be.Always a good time. Food is tasty and plentiful. It is cheese heavy though. Tequila flights !Went for dinner.
Great addition to neighborhood.
Goof food good drinks friendly service! 
Will certainly return.Delicious food and great location. The chorizo appetizer is amazing and you really can't go wrong with any of the appetizers. The margaritas are good, but nothing special. Servers have always been friendly and quick. Definitely recommend getting a reservation on the weekend since the dining area is small.Really great neighborhood spot in a quiet residential area. Elegant atmosphere, friendly service and fantastic margaritas. Their elotes were finger-lickin' good and the chicken mole entree was the best I've ever had (chicken was amazingly moist with crisp skin on it just the way I like it!) Next time I'm in Philly I would love to come back here.Feliz margarita (tequila, fresh lime, orange liquor)--I wanted to skip the orange liquor but learned that the drink is premixed. I was surprised. Good drink, nonetheless. 
If you want Mexican coke (no high fructose syrup), you have to specify. Otherwise you will get the good ol' American coke from the fountain machine. 
Elote (Corn on the cob) is so delicious! Definitely recommend as a side or a starter. 
Side of plantains---1 whole plantain cut in 3 parts. A tad small for the price. 
Fish tacos--delicious. crunchy, picked slaw cuts through the fried fish nicely. comes with two dipping sauces (an avocado crema and a spicy mayo). Good size, reasonably priced.
Flank steak--loved it. the refried beans were surprisingly different than the versions I've had before. dish comes with a side of warm corn tortillas. It was a decent amount of meat, no doubt. But I still think it's a tad overpriced. 
Domingo sunday--great combination of brownie, churros ice cream, and caramel popcorn. The dish is topped with additional melted caramel, which i loved. Nice to share. 
The presentation of the food is simple, as is the ambiance and overall setting. They don't even use cloth napkins. Hence why I found some of the entree dishes to be a tad overpriced ($20-$23). The decor is a little Tequila-ish with the whole Dia de los Muertos theme. 
I would definitely go back to try more dishes, particularly as the weather warms up. I saw a patio!!! It is also nice to have a good Mexican restaurant in the Fairmount/Art Museum area. 
Overall, good/flavorful food; simply presented. Yet a tad overpriced.Drinks and guac review. Love how they serve guacamole in those stone bowls!! The three chili margarita was not for the weak (but it is great for a week day or weekend if you're soft), and the atmosphere was adorable. It was pretty crowded on a Wednesday night surprisingly and the menu looked bomb but i was suffering from PTSD from terror behind the walls to stay for too long. Want to come back for the pork belly tacos!!My second time at this place and I just love the Food and drinks!!! Couldn't get a table so ended up sitting at the bar. The 2 ladies at the bar are so energetic, and lovely and fun!!! I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner sitting at the bar. Michelada drink was very nice and so was Triple Spicy Margarita. The huge Nacho mountain full of cheese, beans, salsa and jalapeño was perfect with the drinks. Chips are very fresh and not so oily. Currently have special tacos on the menu..(testing a few new tacos and the best one gets on the Menu permanently). I tried the Fish & Chips (beer battered cod fish, potato shoestring fries) the combination was awesome. Fish was really good. Definitely needed some hot sauce with it as it was too dry by itself. Overall great place. I like their patio style seating at the end of the restaurant.Fish tacos were unreal as were the meatball appetizers. Sangria and fresh fruit margaritas were so delicious. We really enjoyed our entire meal and will have to go back since we were too full for dessert!Always love this neighborhood favorite. I recommend a reservation thought because it does tend to get full on the weekends. Never have had a meal I didn't enjoy. Does get loud if that is a concern for people!Great Mexican spot. Been here twice and loved it both times. Great selection of margaritas, had the moonshine margarita ( with whiskey ) to stay masculine lol very good. Both times had the carnitas tacos. They are delicious. Place so good I pigged out and also the fish tacos. Great batter fish tacos!!! Also start out with guac, GUAC IS LIFE!! 
Only con was that it was a bit pricey in my opinion. Good was great but small portion tacos.This place was great! I ordered the nachos and fish tacos to share with my boyfriend. We thought the food was well balance- not greasy or overly topped with sour cream, cheese, etc. They both had delicate pieces of light and spicy and creaminess without an overabundance of each. I thought the pricing was not bad either. In comparison to Isabela's, it was a bit cheaper, the food was superior, and the ambience a lot better (this place is a place for hanging out- if in bar).My husband and I came here for a date night, and it was perfect. The interior is really beautiful - high ceilings and a cozy patio. I'm gluten-free, and ALL of their menu is gluten-free with the exception of a single item, so that was really nice. We had appetizers, entrees, and drinks and went elsewhere for dessert. Our server was friendly, and the experience was positive. The only downside was that I ordered a drink based on the server's recommendation, but didn't like it...and I wish she would have offered a new drink in exchange or checked in to see if I liked it.To start off we got the Hamachi Ceviche, which was yummy. Then we got the Grilled Shrimp Entrada and the Green Enchiladas con Pollo. The shrimp were grilled perfectly and all the flavors were very clean. We also got the Domingo Sundae for dessert, which was very decadent. I think leaving off the caramel popcorn would help the churros ice cream stand out more though. Service was great. Nice place to go if you want to enjoy Mexican in a fancier setting.BEST Guac, hands down. The rest of the menu is very good as well, but do not leave without trying that gauc. One of my favorite happy hours as well in a great part of town. If you are looking for a quite setting this isn't it but the vibe is still fun.I wish I could give them 6 stars. Ive been here so many times and have never been disappointed. I love the twist that they put on guacomole -there are so many options to choose from. Also, the tacos are equally amazing! And the service has always been great as well. If you're in fairmount, then I recommend making a quick stop here even if its just for guac and a margarita.We went there for Dinner on a Thursday night around 8:30 PM, and had a reservation through OpenTable. The place was about 75% packed and could have probably seated us without any reservation. The atmosphere is pretty casual/semi-trendy. Most of the seating is in the back room, and they have a decent sized backyard seating available, which I assume is open thru warm seasons. The host / wait staff was very friendly.
I had Mezcal Mule and my wife had some Mint+Lemonade+Cucumber cocktail. Both of which were pretty good. Mezcal Mule is made with Mezcal, which has a distinct smoky taste, to keep in mind if you're not a big fan of smoky tasting drinks. They have a pretty good drinks selection with a lot of options for Tequila/Margaritas. We ordered Homemade Tomato Tlayuda for appetizer, which is form of thin crust Mexican pizza. It was very tasty. For main course, I had the Chorizo Tacos, and the wife had Crispy Cauliflower Tacos. Both were very delicious, and little different from standard places. Definitely recommended if you're looking for dining options in Fairmount Area.Maybe the exuberant reviews are due to the dearth of Mexican restaurants in Philly.  I ate here and all I can say is that the food was consistently salty, from the plantains to the tacos, everything tasted of salt.  The only dish I can recommend is the meatball with cheese inside (not sure what it is called, a friend ordered it).If you haven't been to La Calaca, I suggest you run, not walk. It's hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant that I have been to. That may be because I am not a huge fan of 'Authentic' places, but that's my issue. Regardless, the service here is top-notch, and the food is phenomenal. I cannot seem to give it five stars because for me, it's not on the level of The Modern, The French Laundry, Le Bernadine, etc. However, four stars is a very solid review. It's great, but it doesn't blow me away, if that makes sense.
Drinks: Ok, let's start with Happy Hour. Prices are redunkulous. I usually get a Corona Light.....on tap. Yes, on tap. It's pretty rare. Also, their Margs are really good. The only one that I didn't like is their Lychee Marg, which was a special one day - too sweet. With that said, every other drink that I've had has been spectacular. Oh, also, the female bartenders are GREAT! There is one guy, who, to put it nicely, is not that nice. But whatever. Make me a drink, feed me food, and I'll be happy.
Food: Nachos, Chorizo Fondido, Fish Tacos, Enchiladas and salads. Forget it, just get whatever you have an appetite for, because it will be goooooood.. 
Also, they're open for brunch.....GO!This place has great food and a nice atmosphere.  My complaint is I've had mixed experiences with service.  The last time I ate dinner here I called ahead but still had to within an hour to be seated. The restaurant did give us free chips though.  Also they forgot to give my husband's drink until after the entrees arrived and still charged us for it.  Still, I'd return because the food is good.Very good, cool place, nice ambiance too. Menu has some good items and not too much. At some restaurants it's a chore to wade thru a million menu items- all just slightly different but with same ingredients. This place is not. Good quality ingredients and decent prices too. Mayb come a staple in our rotation of local places. 
Swordfish tacos and the brisket nachos- both thumbs up, chicken tacos good too. Place even has little outdoors spot which can accommodate eaters and drinkers. Bar and dining room separated but place has vibe of restaurant more so than a bar. 
Good Experience there. Only complaint (and minor) was that they tried to sit us at a 2-top right next to a table of 4-5 people with 80% of dining room available. C'mon. But otherwise nice place, will come back again or take-out.This is a review for service only as I never got to try the food. We came in on a Saturday night and while they had no availability inside, we did get a spot on the back deck. We were so glad because we really wanted to try this place. Well, we waited. And waited. And waited some more. No one ever came. We saw groups come in after us and had service within a few mins. We just sat there. Finally, my boyfriend grabbed one of the staff and asked that a server be sent over. This is already after about ten mins of waiting. Still, nada. We finally gave up after waiting 17 mins (yes, we timed it). Finally, after we were walking out, we were acknowledged. Too late. We came ready to have drinks, apps and entrees. Shoot, maybe even some dessert. Could've easily spent over $200 (which is what we spent at Rembrandt's after we left). Their loss. I won't be back no matter how good the reviews are. This review isn't to be petty or bitter. I understand things happen. However, I feel that the manager or whoever is in charge should know there might be a disconnect between front of the house and the servers, so other possible diners don't have such a shitty experience.After work party brought me here. Really friendly bartender made outstanding drinks.
Nice location and decor. The fish tacos were great. Thought that the fried fish would be greasy but they certainly were not, they were crispy moist and fresh. The flank steak was very tender and flavorful and sat on top of very tasty re fried beans. The guacamole was as good as any I had in this city, the chips were very fresh and tasted like they were made there. Will come back.Went there with my sister, husband and brother in law for an early dinner before hitting the Terror Behind the Walls aka The Penitentiary. Best crab fondido I have ever had! Everything we ordered was superb The staff was very friendly, polite and helpful. The atmosphere is cozy and fun! Love this place. Will definitely go back when visiting Philly!Dinner last night after visiting the Art Museum. The food was excellent, we had the Ceviche Verdi, I had he Mahi Mahi taco what a great meal. The only downside was the flourless chocolate cake, it was served almost frozen and was hard to eat  
Overall an excellent dinnerGreat food everyday, but make sure you stop by for Sunday Brunch. Huevos Rancheros, Con Carne Huevos and sweet plantains are favorites.NOM! I visited this cute and colorful place for brunch while in Philly for a weekend. It was so delicious! For being such a highly reviewed place, it wasn't too crowds for a Sunday morning. We got seated right away and all ordered some bloody Marias (a bloody Mary with tequila instead of vodka). They were flavorful, spices, and delish! Beware of the chipotle salt they put on the rim- it will clear out your sinuses. 
Chips and a great smoky chipotle salsa are complimentary. I ordered the huevos rancheros, which was wonderful. Two fried eggs, pico de gallo, refried beans, and some other deliciousness. I also got some guac to put on the huevos and it was great. I wish I lived in Philly to come back and try this place out some more! The fish tacos looked amazing. Next time....I went on a Monday and ordered the Carnitas Tacos (the special that day) with a can of beer for only $10. The food is great and reasonably priced. The only downside was the service. The restaurant wasn't very crowded yet server was very slow to come over and introduce himself, slow to return with the drinks, and slow to take our orders. This is not a place to grab a "quick" bite.Great food. if you are in for a big meal, you can't go wrong with the chef's tasting menu. It's a TON of food and they do a good job of giving you a little bit of everything. Great neighborhood spot.Cozy Mexican cantina on a quaint commercial street not too far from the Art Museum in Philadelphia.  Clever happy hour menu including a bunch of delicious appetizers and decently priced drinks, like the fresh house margarita. A gas-fired oven sits in the center of the restaurant just past the bar in the front adding to the atmosphere. Favorite dish was the corn tortilla with cheese, spices, white sauce, jalapeños, and brussel sprouts -- but plenty of other winners. Add a welcoming bartender (we ate at the bar) and rapid, pleasant service, and you have a winner.  Next time we will explore the full menu, including the guacamole with blue cheese, fig, and...bacon! Yum.Very unique and tasty Mexican food. I had the chicken tacos and my friend had the mushroom tacos, both were fantastic. We had a side of beans and rice which was big enough to split as a side. Perfect amount of food. We had vanilla and churo ice cream and raspberry sorbet for desert and those were all nice too. Amazing tequila selection, friend had a great margarita. I'm a beer guy and their beer selection is small but they have enough variety to satisfy. Service was good. Only complaint is that the main dining room is really loud, acoustics are bad.Excellent fish tacos and guacamole.  Laid back atmosphere. Service great.  Sangria superb.ok, I went back this weekend with some out of town friends and we sat in one of the booths.  I like the seats in the booths.  We had the Oyster Special that the staff had on a friday.  I forget what the ingredients were.  I think there was some celery.  I'm not sure.  Either way, they Oysters were awesome.  Might be the best I've ever had.  Might I suggest a buck a shuck happy hour on top of their late night happy hour?  That would be fantastic.
I got the flank steak dish and it was fantastic.  Flank steak was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of iron-ey taste that good flank steaks have.  The chimichurri was great and the refried beans were the best I've ever had.  I normally avoided them at Cantina feliz because i dont like refried beans much, but these were spicy and delicious, not your "old el paso" canned beans.  My fiance told me that these are the same beans they have at Cantina Feliz, so it looks like i've missed out on this stuff for the better part of a year, which sucks.
My friends got the flank steak and the bass.  The one guy normally doesnt get fish, but after a few bites, he said it was the best fish he's ever had.
This place is hitting its stride.  Even Ed Rendell was there with his latest flavor of the week.I am not the biggest fan in the world of Mexican food, per se, but I tend to enjoy this spot, particularly for excellent margaritas and guacamole. I've never been displeased with a meal here.The host and hostess were pleasant and efficient. The server was sub par. The syrup was out on the soda and she told us "Oh well. You can order something else". The food was correct.  After speaking to the manager, the server was switched out and the remainder of the experience was pleasant.This place is great. The margaritas were delicious ( I got a jalapeño pepper one- definitely ask for it extra spicy!). The guacamole is fresh and served in a huge bowl. I also got the mushroom tacos- some of the best tacos I've ever had!LACKLUSTER service, from the manager to the servers. Inattentive & lackadaisical to say the least. For the only half decent food in Fairmount (which took way too long after ordering at a slow time in the restaurant), they should really work on service & speed.Went out with my co workers, 8 of us and the accommodated us ( we did call) the good was amazing. The cheese and sausage dip was to die for. I had steak tacos and they were super tasty. My favorite was the spicy margarita. I will go back just got that.  Our waiter was on it. He was super and informative without bring over the top.  My new favorite Mexican placeVibe was cool. Lots of people having a good time. I had the crab guacamole and tacos. Both delicious. The bar gets pretty busy so that made getting a drink pretty slow. I definitely recommend getting a reservation ahead of time if you are going for dinner.At any other restaurant, I would NEVER allow myself to pay $15 for 2 fish tacos.  At La Calaca Feliz, however, I'll order everything on the menu and gladly wipe out my checking without thinking twice.
Seriously, I hope nothing changes about this place because it's so amazing.
Ordered 2 baja fish tacos for takeout one night.  With tax it came to $16 and some change and I was anticipating it to be bland and not filling and overpriced.  What I got were two large and fresh pieces of fried tilapia, served with a to-die-for crunchy slaw, two mystery dipping sauces, and avocado all wrapped in a blanket of a warm flour tortilla.  Definitely worth every penny.
I went back for dinner with my boyfriend since I was so pleased with my takeout experience and let me just say, the place is adorable and the decor just reads authentic Mexican.  First thing I noticed were the bins of fresh ingredients at the bar area/visible kitchen with a wood-burning stove: sticks of cinnamon, chili peppers, etc.  I knew I was gonna love this place.
After being greeted by all the servers and the head chef, we were lead to a cute outdoor patio in the back with a large tree and a couple of candlelit tables.  Our waitress was super helpful with the menu and her suggestions were spot-on.
Drinks:  Got a margarita with mango and although I don't usually like them on the rocks, this was the best margarita I've had in a while.  The waitress actually said even their sour mix is handmade from scratch.  Boyfriend ordered "Morning Dew" which was essentially a can of Mountain Dew, a shot of some type of aged tequila, and a glass with ice.  Mixing the two actually made sense.
Appetizer:  Ordered the crab fundido which was a hot fondue pot with chunky crab, tons of cheese, and cilantro to top it off, served with fresh corn tortilla chips, which you can tell were made from scratch right on the premises.  (Still kicking myself for not ordering the guacamole, served El Vez style)
Entrees:  I got the Arranchera which was a perfectly seasoned flank steak with a bit of lime zest and the best sweet, smooth refried beans I've ever had.  I was given fresh corn tortillas on the side if I wanted to make it a taco.  Sweeet.  Boyfriend got the waitress' suggestion of the sea bass, which was cooked perfectly and served on a creamy risotto-style bed of rice and sweet corn.  The steak was amazing, but I still like the fish tacos better.
Dessert:  Had the brownie sundae.  Sounds boring, right? Wrong.  1) Rich, decadent chocolate brownie on bottom, 2) layered with a cinnamon churro flavored ice cream, 3) topped with crunchy, salty homemade caramel popcorn, whipped cream and a cherry, 4) drizzled in a hot caramel sauce.  AMAZING.  A little small, but after the whole meal, I could barely move anyway.
With tip, I think it all came to like $110 which I can honestly say was 100% worth it, down to every last detail.
Cannot wait to try everything on the menu.Finally, a Mexican restaurant in Fairmount. A good one, even! This place is high-end and priced accordingly. 
If you're getting a margarita, consider upgrading it to Corralejo Blanco tequila. The seasonal fruit margaritas (such as watermelon in the summer time) are excellent. 
The fish tacos here are a favorite of mine.
Now if we could just get a decent sit-down Chinese-american restaurant in Fairmount too.I am truly impressed with the simple transformation of this space. The murals are lovely and it really has a sparkle that the previous occupant didn't. I can't wait to dine outside on the patio once its not 100 degrees everyday.  I have been here twice now, once for drinks and once for food. I have also tried to eat here a handful of times but found an hour plus wait and choose to go somewhere else. However on a summer Sunday evening we were seated immediately. 
Upon entering, you can tell that they take hospitality serious here. Everyone greets you, hostesses, bartenders, servers, bussers, cooks etc. It's refreshing in an area of the city known more for bars than food to experience this. 
For food I tried the guacamole and the squash blossom tacos. Both were excellent. I really enjoyed the toppings on the tacos (crispy fried potatoes and slivered radishes). It's nice to know there is finally great Mexican available in our area. I also really appreciated that the tacos didn't come with rice and beans because I rarely want those as a side dish and prefer to save myself for an appetizer or dessert. The waitress made it very clear what to expect which I also appreciated. Clay loved his chicken enchiladas with the green chili sauce as well. 
For cocktails I have had a regular margarita as well as their special paloma on the night we dined in. I would definitely order the paloma again and I hope it makes it onto their permanent menu. They also get big points for having cocktails named after Grateful Dead songs.  They also have a variety of craft beers on draft and cheap cans of tecante.Walked past this place with the lady and was determined to have dinner there soon. First off they do have really good drinks and their bar staff was very attentive. I started with the Duck En Nogada which was excellent! Then for dinner the Enchilada Con Pollo with green chile sauce. I wasn't crazy about the enchilada as it seemed a bit cold and was covered with massive amounts of sour cream (my fault for not asking for it on the side) Also we were seated at the bar for dinner due to the long wait and decided to eat there. Make sure you reserve your table if you plan on eating here on a Friday night! I saw a lot of unhappy faces at the bar waiting for a table. My lady enjoyed her meal but was not happy that we were not given at least nachos to munch on while waiting for our food to arrive. Guess that's reserved for table diners only. I'll be trying this place again as the good service and quality of the food made up for the things I didn't enjoy. I'll be sure to order the sour cream on the side next time!It's a really good restaurant, the price is oky because the quality of the food es pretty good. The service was good too. I ordered a tortilla soup and an elote loco and they were extremely good. The only think I didn't like was the dessert. Highly recommend the cheesecake ice cream! Great place, very original mexican food.Pretty good. The atmosphere is really nice, you can see the kitchen and its not too dark/light or loud/quiet. 
Got the chorizo tacos. Would get the same thing again for sure. Good draft/beer/tequila list. Food took long to come, however, the manager came over and apologized.
Would def go here again.Had a great dinner there. The outstanding food was closely challenged by the friendly and attentive staff (I don't think my glass ever reached empty without already having been asked for a refill). You can't go wrong with the arranchera.I love this place! The food is great, the staff is nice and the restaurant is very pretty. The only reason  I only put 4 stars instead of 5 is because they only have 2 tables outside and that's the only place where ppl with dogs can sit. Every time I come I see 2s and small parties siting there without a dog when I think they should perhaps suggest them to go inside or in the yard, so they can keep those table for ppl with dogs. I heard this complain from few friends who live in the neighborhood and they have dogs and love this place... This is Just a management suggestion.I reviewed this place 4 years ago and have been consistently visiting here ever since.  It's a go-to.
Trust me when I tell you:  if you're looking for spot-on, higher end Mexican food, great cocktails and awesome service, this place is unrivaled.  Sure, I'll always boast the corner taquerias for authentic Mexican cuisine like tacos and burritos, but for a stellar sit-down affair, this will always be in my top 5 and I'll suggest it to anyone, friend or stranger, who asks where to get good food in the Art Museum area or even in the whole city.
GET THE $29 CHEF TASTING MENU.  So worth the price. Please.  You'll thank me later.  After that first review 4 years ago, they later added this feature as a substitute for restaurant week, and it stuck as part of their regular menu.  It is 100% the best bang-for-your-buck deal in the city.  Not only do you leave so full you want to take a nap, but you get a taste of tons of stuff on the menu so you can really get a feel for their variety and what you may or may not fancy (note: there's actually nothing you WON'T like).  It's basically 4 courses, but they give you such a variety it feels more like 6 or 7 courses.
The tasting menu's earlier courses seem to vary a bit depending on the time of year, but the main dish generally stays the same.  Last night was as follows: 
-FOR THE TABLE: Fresh, homemade corn tortilla chips and creamy guacamole
-TEASER: mini ceviche tostada thing with creamy crab 
-APPETIZER: 2 types of tacos (2 for each person, mind you!) - brisket w/ mango salsa and an absolutely amazing vegetarian taco with 3 types of mushrooms, truffle oil crema & asparagus
-ENTREE (literally the best dish I've had in the city & it's what I keep coming back for): grilled jumbo shrimp over tequila grits, candied bacon & kale with rice & black beans on the side and bonus pulled tinga chicken tacos on the side.
The shrimp is SO good, the one time we actually didn't get the chef tasting menu and instead each ordered that entree just so we could get our own, full entree portions.
Trust me when I tell you, it's a VERY filling and satisfying chef tasting menu (not like those bougie-ass dainty portions in other places) and I barely had room for dessert, though we still got it, cause why not?  Brownie sundae with salty caramel popcorn, pepitas, churro ice cream & whipped cream...very tasty.
Combine this all with a giant tequila selection, super fresh and delicious tart watermelon margarita (legit tastes like a sour patch watermelon), on point service and an adorable outdoor courtyard strung with lights and you're in for a fantastic evening.Tacos were amazing, people were friendly, nachos were massive; everything we got was good!
*Porkbelly taco, pork+pineapple taco, cauliflower taco, fish taco, corn, melon ceviche, nachos, plantains, gnocchiI really really want to like this place... my partner loves their margaritas and the atmosphere, so I made a reservation for her birthday dinner, and sadly our experience was less than awesome. Made a reservation for Thursday night at 7:15. Arrived at 7:18 (so, yes, technically, late). The boo and I were encouraged by the hostess to grab a drink at the bar, where we were promptly ignored and had to literally wave down the bartender, who was leaning against the back of the bar. We watched 4 other tables of 2 be seated before us, and finally got a table at 8:00pm... 45 min after our "reserved" time. 
Then add to that the sting of an even further limited vegetarian menu than the last time we were at La Calaca, and the very weird timing of our meal (we had 15 min of empty table between our app and dinner)... disappointment. The food is good, but really disappointing to be seated 45 min late and feel forgotten about. :(Oh sweet Jesus. It's a miracle I can still type! As I write thing, I am bursting at the seams with the best Mexican food I've had in a long, long time. 
Now I'm not typically a big fan of Mexican food. It's just not my go-to cuisine. But per a really stellar recommendation, I decided to order catering from La Calaca Feliz for 30 hungry software developers for our weekly late-night. Sure, that's a bold move for a place I never tried, but developers love Mexican, even at its worst. 
Not only were Kathy (the manager?) and the Chef super accommodating since I gave them 3 hrs notice, but they put together a truly fantastic spread. We got the chicken and carnitas for tacos, fish tacos, beans and rice, refritos, guac, chips, salsa, and chorizo queso fundido. We also ordered cauliflower for vegetarian tacos. And let me tell ya, I've never heard the office so quiet.....which is definitely a good thing!! 
The chicken was SO juicy, and the tacos came with all the fixings (pickled cabbage, sour cream, queso fresco, onions and cilantro, cactus, salsa roja). The corn soft taco shells had a satisfying chew. The fundido was certainly my guilty pleasure of the night. The refried beans were among the best I've had and frankly, the guac was pretty high up there too. For a chick who doesn't eat Mexican, I ate 3 plates!!! You can tell the ingredients are fresh and the Chef has a passion for his cooking. They've won our entire office over and I'm sure we'll be frequenting them quite a bit!! 
Gracias, La Calaca Feliz, gracias.Went with my hubby to check out La Calaca Feliz. We're glad we tried it, but if we go back we'd definitely try some other items on the menu. Guac was fresh, but very bland. I put the house salsa in it to give it some more flavor. We had the carnitas and chorizo tacos. Neither of us could taste the chorizo. We also tried the house margaritas - the first batch was decent, the second too tangy. However, I will say the service was very good on a busy night. 
We prefer the Cantina in South Philly and Distrito, but if you're in the nabe and want to get some a-ok tacos you could give it a try.I wanted to love this place and read all of the great reviews but found myself feeling very underwhelmed. $13.95 for a chicken enchilada that I didn't find too much different from something that I would get from the frozen food aisle. Mine wasn't cooked all the way through and intentional or unintentional there were huge cloves of garlic in mine. I'm a fan of garlic but I think many folks would be taken aback by having an entire garlic clove in their enchilada. Started with guac for the table which was flavorful but not a very large portion for four folks to share. The service was good and the place was cute and the prices not extravagant but far from the best Mexican I have ever had.This place is a winner, especially if you are gluten sensitive - there were only 2 items on the entire menu that were not gluten-friendly.  So if you have Celiac disease, you can dine stress-free here.  The staff was very knowledgeable about the ingredients in the food and said the magic words for anyone with Celiac: "I am pretty sure there's no gluten, but I will double-check with the chef to be absolutely sure."   
The food is very good - the guacamole is fantastic - order it. 
Drinks are great, atmosphere is great, and they have outside dining in the back (no vagrants to harass you while you eat - it's Philly after all.)Rocky start but nice ending. Does not look like much from the street but take a chance and go inside. We showed up early for our reservation but the hostess was nice and we were sat within 3 min. We did have a problem with our original server as everything we asked made her get a look on her face like we were taking away her baby. I asked for no salt on my margarita, repeated it, she repeated back and it still came with salt. Asked for it changed and she must have poured the original in a new glass as it was very salty. My friends ordered sprites as they felt a little weak and needed sugar. Came as club soda. She brought another and it was the same. She then told them that they should order something else. We finally said something to a manager and he handled it great. Fixed the sprites, my drink, and changed the server. We had a great experience from there. Food was good and the second server was very attentive. Nice Smokey salsa and fresh guac. Tacos different but very good.Awesome! We came here and did not stop ordering food because everything was so good. Queso Fundido was super cheesy, served with warm tortillas. The house margs = YES, but the $7.50 price tag led me to a can of Tecate after one. We did the nachos because of the picture posted on Yelp. They looked the same - best nachos I've ever had. I ordered the fish tacos. Order the fish tacos. Go to this place. When you're in the dining room letting your food settle, look up and appreciate the decor. The wall murals and steer skull are badass.I live in the area and love coming here for happy hour! The drinks are great and the food is even better. It's usually pretty chill and easy to find a seat at the bar. I can't wait to come back again!Great food and drinks, and very nice ambiance - especially in warmer weather when you can sit outsideHands down the best contemporary Mexican food in Philly. Don't expect huge, heavy burritos - La Calaca specializes in lighter dishes full of flavor. The fish tacos are absolutely incredible.Delicious margaritas! Save yourself the extra few bucks and just go with their house margarita ($7.50) unless you just want to try something new. The nachos and tacos were delicious. I'd have given it 5 stars but the desserts weren't that great... We tried two, the brownie popcorn thing and cake... Tasty but wouldn't get them again.I came here for dinner with my friend tonight. We both ordered the tropical margarita which were delicious and fruity, you couldn't taste the tequila. I ordered the mahi mahi tacos which come with 2 soft shell tacos. Not my favorite, it's too sweet from the plantain purée. I didn't enjoy these tacos. They cant compete with el vez, not even Lolita's. I ordered the elotes locos... Delicious! The outdoor seating is perfect. My friends ordered the brisket tacos and seemed very satisfied.My boyfriend and I went there last Saturday. We had no idea how packed it was going to be. We had to wait for ~ 1 hour and 15 minutes. The wait went by quickly because we had delicious white wine sangria at the bar. The red wine sangria wasn't too bad either! We ordered the pork and fish tacos. The fish tacos were AMAZING. Cooked perfectly and served with two very yummy dips. The service and staff were very friendly and always checked in to see if we needed anything. Overall, 4 stars!
Also, there is very cute outdoor seating in the back. Great for a date night or girls night out!Popped in here today with my girlfriend after we got our hairs did at Beehive Salon. Locational convenience and the sign outside advertising fresh fruit Margaritas were our reasons for choosing this place, but there are a ton more reasons that I would go back.
First of all, this is one of the friendliest restaurants I've ever been to in Philly. Every single employee had a kind word on our way in and out of the door, and our waitress was exceptional for such a moderately priced place. She was happy to explain the menu to us without our having to ask, and when we did have questions (my girlfriend speaks almost no Spanish, and while I understand it fairly well, I've never eaten it) she gave great, informative answers without making us feel silly for asking. 
We both had a glass of the white sangria, which was amazingly flavorful and packed with yummy fresh fruit. I followed with the crab fundidos and she had the baja fish taco. I felt that we both got more than enough food for our money and it was absolutely of quality. Our waitress was attentive throughout the meal without nagging and split our bill at the end with no problems.
Definitely one of the best places I've ever stumbled upon by accident and absolutely one of the best bars or restaurants in the Fairmount area for your money.laca laca! laca laca! yes so it is a little much to dance throught the streets chanting laca laca but laca laca I chant. this place rocks. our food was delish from apps through dessert. scrumptious. good service too. it was stepdaughter's birthday celebration and waitress made a big deal of her. sweet! seriously cant wait to return because it just hit the spot. great, great addition to Fairmount. dont hesitate to GO!Fantastic food. I've only been there twice but man are they good. Those carnitas tacos are something special. Highly. HIGHLY recommended.I loved everything so much I want to come back tomorrow and eat all the food I couldn't stuff in today. It was delicious! I almost don't want to post this so they don't get too busy and I can't come back. Guacamole was delish and was perfect with the Felix margarita. Loved the carnitas tacos bite I had of my boyfriends and my enchiladas de mariscos somehow managed to blend great Mexican flavor with super fresh seafood taste. I don't even like tres leches and it was melt in your mouth excellent!This is probably my favorite Mexican spot in Philly. The fish tacos are fresh and flavorful, the carnitas tacos are also high on my list! Also consider ordering: a side of plantains with queso fresco, the hamachi ceviche, and the jicama salad. You really can't go wrong here. When the weather is nice the patio is fabulous!Just moved to Fairmount and went here because a coworker recommended it. We didn't make a reservation and it was a Saturday night so there was a bit of a wait (my delicious margarita definitely made the time fly). They squeezed us in warning us that there was a reservation for that table in an hour. Not a problem for us! We did the chef tasting menu and the service was speedy!! We left full and with plenty of leftovers! Will definitely be coming back- just a short walk away for us. We'll just make a reservation next time.Ambiance is great and the place is a lot bigger than it looks! The decor is also really nice - you can tell a lot of thought went into each and every detail. 
We didn't know what to expect since we kind of just "stumbled" upon the resturant. Being Mexican cuisine lovers and living in Fairmount we were so excited to find it! Since we didn't have any expectations we were pleasantly surprised.
The food is moderately priced - entrees $15-$20 (not cheap tex/mex but not overly priced considering the presentation and quality of food). We opted for the specials and were surprised to see that the portions weren't as big as most Mexican restaurants (with loads of beans and rice) but Thank Goodness! That's exactly what we wanted - good quality food not overloaded with bloated sides. We felt that the entrees had a great unique flavor and prepared perfectly. All in all, the food was great but the dessert was to DIE for (chocolate flourless cake with bananas and ice cream)! Amazing!!! 
Welcome to the neighborhood - we will definitely be back and bringing some friends. Can't wait til summer for the outside deck to be open! Thanks!Ate there last night. Very very slow delivery of food, took over 30 minutes from ordering to arrival. Staff is very nice, not their fault. Fault lies on the kitchen. Food was good & plentiful. Drinks are a rip off. Had a Mexican old fashion, was a glass of ice(full of ice) with a dribble of liquid. Post dinner ordered a Jameson, &10:50 for an ounce of liquor & a glass of ice. Very disappointing 
If you go & have a drink, order w/o ice & ask for a glass of ice on the side.Boo, La Calaca!  The only reason this is a three star review and not two is because my margarita was awesome and the guac was delicious.  The pork tacos, though, were completely floating in grease - I wish I was exaggerating.  I don't eat a lot of meat, so when I do indulge, I want the food to be killer.  I get that this is a first world problem, but my stomach was absolutely not happy after eating my dinner.  If we come back, I'll probably go for the cauliflower tacos instead; hopefully avoiding any kind of animal fat in this restaurant will be the way to go.I truly enjoyed the food and the outdoor space. I'm from California, so it goes without saying that I'm picky with my Mexican food. Although the food doesn't come close to Bay Area Mexican- it was delicious and the atmosphere was great. Would definitively come backMargaritas are weak, not worth it unless you're there during happy hour. The guacamole is not worth the money.My bf and I figured the city was going to be busy for Valentine's Day so we searched for something local to have a quick drink/dinner. As soon as we got there of course seating wasn't available so we waited for the bar seats. Host and hostess could've been a little more accommodating since they knew that we were going to wait. Had to ask for menus and eventually we just sat ourselves at the bar as soon as we seen seats available. 
We ordered chorizo, guacamole appetizer, nothing to brag about. The chicken and mahi mahi tacos however were delicious! 
I had a tropical margarita which tasted great! And my bf was satisfied with his mezcal. Our bartender of the night was nice&sweet :)!  We'd come back for the drinks.Food is okay. Prices are reasonable. Sangria is delicious. The tequila coffee dessert drink seamed incredible but the sangria may be responsible for an extra star.
Get the sangria!THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 3
Neighbor to the sandwich store, the Mrs. and I continued our journey to La Calaca.  Food - Pork Carnitas Taco / Beverage - Lavender Scented Tito's Lemonade. 
Hands down, the best alcoholic beverage of the day.  The lemonade perfectly sweetened without being overly-sugary and the lavender just enough to kiss your tongue.  The taco contained a ton of flavor with the juicy pork, cilantro and guacamole on top of a crispy flat tortilla shell that was just a tad too salty.  Despite the slightly heavy handed seasoning, we planned on returning later at the conclusion.The food at La Calaca Feliz is sooooooooooooooooo good!!!!!!!  My husband, and I have been here several times and the food has been consistently delicious. It is hard to say which items on the menu are our favorite because everything is really good. I love the Campechano Tyaluda. The short rib meat is delectable. The Black Bass entree is delicious. Wow! The Elotes Loco is really good too. The service has always been great. I can't wait until our next visit.My go-to Mexican spot in Philadelphia- there is nothing better! Lilac (hoping a spell this correctly), the bartender, is absolutely wonderful. She makes great margaritas and always with the smile. The food is perfect- extremely authentic Mexican food with a fun spin! Recently, they added new menu items, which feature numerous cactus dishes. Additionally, they have a great brunch on Saturdays and Sundays. If it is a nice day, enjoy the outback patio, which is a hidden gem! You really cannot go wrong with any of their food, so I am not even going to suggest something specific (just depends on what you are in the mood for).Saturday's dinner at La Calaca Feliz was long overdue considering I love Mexican food and live in Fairmount.  Although I've been there before for drinks at the bar and drinks outside, I wanted the full experience. 
I booked a table for two on Opentable earlier that morning. At the time of the morning, a lot of the popular slots were still open for a party of two. Don't expect to get a reservation during peak dining hours if you don't plan a little in advance. I checked again in the evening and they were practically fully booked through 9pm. That had always been my problem with past attempts to visit for dinner, I would try to make the reservation too late in the day. 
Opentable wasn't lying. When we showed up for our 7:30 reservation, the place was totally packed. There were people at every spot at the bar and pouring out onto the narrow path that leads from the bar to the dining area. The dining area was packed pretty tightly as well. The tables were very close together and the room was very loud. My husband and I were initially concerned about this, however as we sat down and got adjusted, the noise wasn't really a problem. All of the servers and bussers did a great job navigating the tight areas. Although, at one point the people at table next to us saw people they knew. Their friends came over to say hello and there were people standing over us and practically hanging over our table. I definitely wasn't thrilled about those close quarters and wish there was just a little more space in between the tables. This is really the sole reason for giving La Calaca Feliz a 4 start review. 
The food, drink and service were awesome! Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. When taking our order, she paused to get her pen and notepad and then apologized for writing our order down. We thought there was no need to apologize! If you get our order right (which she did), those extra few seconds are invaluable. The only thing off about the service was that we had to ask for chips and salsa. I would have liked them to arrive around the same time as our margaritas. However once we asked, they were brought over promptly. Here's a little rundown of what we got:
Drinks: My husband and I both got the Feliz Margarita. They were definitely strong but only the first sip actually tasted strong. The margaritas had a fresh, citrus taste, which was obviously great since all the non-liquor ingredients were supposedly made fresh.
Food: For an appetizer I went with the pumpkin soup and my husband went with the pork spare ribs pizza. The menu was a little confusing. It looks like the spare ribs were just spare ribs and not on a pizza. Even when looking at the online menu, I honestly don't see anything about a "pizza" or even a tortilla. He asked for the cheese on the side; they were able to honor the request and still give him a tasty dish. I had a slice and a half myself and it was quite yummy. The pumpkin soup was my favorite though. I'm used to a sweeter pumpkin flavor and the soup was more "bitter". It wasn't bitter in a bad way, it was just savory versus sweet. The texture was full and creamy. It came with an avocado chunk (versus cut up). Muy perfecto! 
For our mains, my husband went with the grilled chicken mole and I went for the baja fish tacos. There were so many things I wanted to try, but I figured I'd go with the Yelp consensus and give the tacos a shot. Yelp steered me in the right dinner direction yet again. The tacos were awesome! The tilapia was light despite being crusted on the outside. The cabbage, avocado and sauces took the flavor to the next level. Each ingredient was theoretically fairly common or basic for a Mexican dish however together it had a great contemporary, gourmet taste. It was truly a fantastic meal.
Despite the temptation for dessert, I knew eating ice cream before walking into the cold, cold night would have been a bad idea. The description of the churros ice cream sounded amazing and I will have to come back and try it on a warmer night.
Although I stuck to the menu, the specials of the day sounded intriguing. If you want to develop a food crush, just follow La Calaca Feliz on Facebook. They post pictures of their specials of their ever changing specials on a regular basis and everything always looks fantastic! 
Despite the cramped quarters, we had dinner that was "muy delicioso". I can't wait to come back and dive deeper into their menu.We made an Open Table reservation for last Friday night since there's always a huge line. I got to the restaurant before my husband and friend and was told we'd be seated when everyone arrived. This was not the case, though others who walked in off the street were seated before us. We waited a full half hour for our table. Meanwhile, our friend, an event planner, persuaded the manager to give us margaritas and guacamole, and he absolutely gets one star for that (no more, because he should have thought of it himself!) I'll give one more star for  food, which was regulation Mexican, nothing more, nothing less. Noise level was very high (but it was Friday night).
We will NOT give it another try.Food is phenomenal, good prices, great atmosphere! If you're in the area, you should go. There's also a great patio seating area if it's nice out.Everyone should have La Calaca Feliz on their culinary radar.  I heard about La Calaca from a colleague who was in the know. The restaurant is charming and refreshingly casual fun, but don't let the casualness fool you and don't underestimate it's culinary prowess.  The staff are very friendly and obviously well trained.  Our server provided an overview of the menu and his favorite recommendations on the same level as any of Philly's more stuffy, fancy dining establishments.  Everything was perfect from the specialty cocktails to the food.  A must try are the unique margaritas.   I had the blood orange margarita while my friends had the black currant margarita.  Both were not your typical drink from a prepackaged bottle.  They were the real deal made with fresh ingredients.  My party of 5 selected a good cross section of entree items.  Everyone raved.  I had the fish tacos which were fabulous!  The evening was topped off with desserts that are original and great.  Anyone in the Philly area or visiting needs must dine at La Calaca Feliz. I rated La Calaca with 5 stars not just because of the great food, but because of the outstanding, authentic customer service.Hamachi Ceviche was good... reminded me of the ceviche I had at Mama's Fish house in Hawaii (which is a must).  Can't complain no wait, served immediately, waitress didn't bother us too much and the food was good.It's always great to find a new mexican spot in a part of town that doesn't have many of them. The location is good, our waitress was fantastic, the space is fun and pretty big. I got the white sangria as a drink which was good but probably a tad too sweet for my taste. The sweet platains were nice with a bit too much queso fresco on top. The chorizo tacos were a tad lacking in flavor. The duck confit stuffed jalapenos were spicy but really nicely balanced by the pomegranate seeds. Finally the tres leches cake was really good, perhaps a unevenly dry in certain places, but still really good. I tried a little bit of the gfs jicama salad and ceviche which were also good. Prices are reasonable too!Happened upon this place on a night out in Philly. Loved the prices and the menu. Place doesn't gave much curb appeal but the little bit of the front room we could see made us venture in. 
Wow!!! The entire place is amazing as far as I could tell. I'm a foodie and I'm all about art/atmosphere - this place has it all. Ordered the Feliz margaritas and tropical margarita - both magical. Mahi Mahi tacos and pulled pork tacos were delish- good portions and we started w the guacamole and salsa. Max our server was helpful, charming and speedy. 
When we first entered we were asked if we wanted inside or out. We didn't know so she kindly said 'let's have a look shall we?' So amazing of her. It was the end of the night.
Only tips I would warn about is that there are no burritos on the menu but there r enchiladas.
Also desserts are americanized: churro ice cream etc. If you're looking for sopapillas, tres leches, or fried ice cream- try somewhere else. Though they do rotate tres leches into their dessert selections occasionally.Amazing every time. Crab guacamole is banging, cauliflower tacos are to die for, & the decor is super cool too.