i was looking forward to a new coffee spot, but this won't be it for me.  they dont have a menu first off, and im not a coffee connoisseur, so i was a little thrown off.  i kept it simple, asked for an iced tea, but they did give me hot tea w/a cup of ice.  v. artsy crowd here, great for people watching, but not for studying.  its a little loud, my headphones were not enough to block out the noise, so i was stuck listening to watever they chose, which wasn't my preference.  the servers were all really nice, and they kept cleaning the tables quite often.  all in all it wasnt a bad experience, but not one to keep me coming back either...Yo this draft latte is BS good. 
Also the guy at the register complimented my tie. 10/10Probably the best coffee shop I've ever been to. Everything they make is great. Their pure black and draft latte are the best iced coffee drinks I've ever had, full stop. Their drip and espresso are also very tasty and strong. If you are in the area and love coffee you need to stop by this spot. 
Only complaint: the line can get absurdly long. However, the staff here is some of the best around and the line moves very quickly. On that note, service here is also very friendly.I went here after a recommendation that this is "the best coffee place in philly" and I'm so glad I checked it out! The cafe area itself is super nice & clean. They also offer tap and sparking water to customers which is awesome. Prices are very reasonable and the staff is super friendly. My friend and I chatted with one of the baristas for a few minutes and he gave us some pro-tips on how to make a killer espresso. I will definitely be coming back here again soon!There's lots of contention about the Euro-snooty attitude of La Colombe's baristas.  They may have a point.  However, since I lived in Philly and now in DC, La Colombe's Niza roast has been about the only roast that takes me back to my childhood.
Whenever I come back to Philly to visit my BF, which is quite often, I end up buying a 5-lb bag of Niza roast, in beans, to use with my trusty Gaggia. I do my own grinding and the coffee is absolutely delicious.
Having said that, the baristas should attend the Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, as well as read the old I'm OK You're OK trusty book.  Their attitude does need improvement fersure.Yes it a great place and great coffee. But none of these coffee places know how to serve a decent cup of black tea.
I should say start with the tea leaves but I'll leave that alone.
1. The cup of tea is scalding hot
2. The tea has a burnt taste 
So you need to lower the temperature 
Then get to back to other things like tea leaves.$2 for a drip coffee. I had the Corsica blend, which is delicious. 50¢ refills, which is a nice deal if you plan on staying a bit to read or work. My first time here, and I'll definitely be back. Great prices in Rittenhouse for a good cup of Joe. Staff was friendly, line moved very fast. Highly recommended.My husband and I LOVE pure black from La Colombe, the best stuff on earth. After we had a problem with our online order we contacted them and they refunded our money and sent us free coffee! Great service, we will be customers for life.Staff was friendly, drinks were delicious, orders were fast and efficient, and prices are reasonable. Great place to grab a coffee!Delicious coffee and espresso drinks and a cute little cafe. If you come during the morning rush hour, be prepared to wait a while for your drink. There are a decent number of seats here, but again, if you come in the morning, you might feel a little uncomfortable with the people in line crowding your space. I am a big coffee drinker, so I like that their refills are 75 cents, if I remember correctly. The baristas are also very friendly.
My major problem with La Columbe is their lack of wifi. It's the 21st century, guys! It's a good place to hang out for a few hours with a friend or do some non-computer-requiring work, but the lack of wifi is seriously limiting.A decent coffeehouse with lots of seats & tables for working, but there's no WiFi, which makes it kind of a useless cafe if you want to do work. Both of the green teas sold here were very refreshing though.Best coffee in philadelphia located in a no-frills cafe. In fact, there isn't even a menu. A small selection of pastries and caffeinated drinks. But definitely come here for the coffee, smooth and well-priced.It's been a while since I've come to this La Colombe, but it hit the spot on a chilly evening after a day of exploring. The space is warm, with a decent scattering of tables and benches in a cozy space (right on the edge of cramped but not quite there). I got a hot chocolate with almond milk, which was on point -- very chocolate forward without being too sweet. My friend got their classic drip coffee (a dark roast) with milk and was pleased with the quality. We couldn't resist a bit of something sweet, so split a canele -- a cylinder-shaped French pastry with a deeply caramelized exterior and a surprisingly light and lemony interior. It was my first and it was a worthy indulgence.
There is no posted menu, so the ordering can be a little confusing. But the baristas are knowledgeable and even gave me tastes of their different drip options to help me decide.
I've also seen this place quite crowded with laptop squatters as well as people meeting with friends -- probably because it's right off of Rittenhouse Square -- so we lucked out in finding a spot.Update: We've returned several times since my original post-renovation review. The service has been more efficient, and I've bumped it back up to a 5.
This is the older post:
The renovation is lovely, the coffee still the same, but it's 3:30 with the Craft Fair going on at Rittenhouse, and LaColombe has the most inefficient team working the bar. Incredibly inefficient and kind of scattered. 
The line, which usually moves really quickly, just crawled.
I usually get a sidecar iced coffee. This time the espresso sidecar was filled nearly to the top of the glass.  It is usually just a half-inch.Coffee and tea done properly. First time here and i was not disapointed. Will be going back.Great coffee house. They have cold coffee and cold latte on tap. Not a gimmick- really good stuff. Get the Black and Tan (no sugar added) and feel good about your choice of caffeination.Todd, what can I say... you simply have the BEST coffee out there. (Thanks to Continental restaurant for introducing me to this mighty cup of Joe YEARS ago!)  Your hard work and dedication are to be commended. I just hate when I say to someone: "You NEVER had La Colombe before?"       I just don't get it, why aren't more people in LOVE with your cup of goodness?  I HEART with all of MY HEART La Colombe. xo xo xo xo xo xo
Learn more about Todd, the master of coffee perfection.
http://lacolombe.com/foundersGreat spot for all casual affairs!
This location is perfect if you just want to grab a cup of great coffee to go, or if you prefer to enjoy it inside - there is ample seating space to sip at your leisure.
It is located within Rittenhouse area, so the parking will be tough. I typically park a few blocks south and work my way up. Walking in, the counter to order is right in front, and then the seating area is towards the left. Inside, it's upscale but casual, lots of tables and even small booths to get a group together for coffee and work. Many people seem to find this location ideal to open up their laptop and enjoy a good coffee. 
The coffee is what sells this place - great roasts, with bold, rich flavors. As you walk in you can smell the amazing scents - and it tastes just as great as it smells!
The workers are pretty friendly and the menu is lean so it doesn't get too confusing when putting in your order. The feeling I got was that if I became a regular, the baristas would definitely start knowing my name and my order. It has that charm, which is pretty endearing. 
Overall definitely recommend this place and this brand of coffee - awesome stuff!Great coffee. The really care about what they are serving. They me decide what I should have, and he hit the mark.  I've been there twice now to have their Cuban coffee.  Ask them to put the cane sugar in the with the ground espresso beans!  I will be going there everyday during my 10 day stay in Philly.So they renovated the place and now it has more counter space. I thought now they possibly can fit in more baristas and improve the quality of the drinks. But I was deeply DISAPPOINTED again. We ordered two lattes, and the barista steamed the milk in a big pitcher then poured out both of them at once. So instead of two lattes, we got one has too much milk form like a cappuccino, and another one is basically hot coffee-flavored milk without much form. I would go to Joes or Elixir nearby instead.I LOVE LA COLOMBE!
Not all branches have the same interior, the Rittenhouse branch is really cozy - with beautiful tables that match the cups and saucers used. 
The Iced Almond Mocha was good! Not too chocolatey but not too bitter either. It was just right. 
And the croissant was really good too! I've never tasted bad almond croissant but I guess I could say this is one of the best. 
Definitely going to their Fishtown branch to get a hold of that Draft Latte!I checked La C. Coffee out on a recent visit from DC. I liked the coffee, but didn't love it and found it annoying that there's no coffee menu, like they expect you to know it by heart. I felt old (which I kinda am) and distinctly unhip (which I am not). 
As a side note: Don't breathe in too deep, or you'll suffocate from the "parfum d'hipster."Quick service, good coffee! 
They actually have coffee/lates on tap (like in a keg on nitro), and let me try a sample.  Delicious.  Atmosphere is great.  All in all a very cool coffee place!I absolutely love this cafe.  When I first moved to Philly 2 years ago, I lived right across from this place and would stop by on my way to classes to grab a coffee.  Not only are they only $1.50 and you can get a refill for 50 cents, they have AMAZING pastries (my favorites are the almond croissants, blueberry tarts and pain au chocolat).  I also buy the Afrique beans for my french press at home and it is just as delicious.  A few times, the coffee hasn't been perfect or the cappuccino not as awesome, but the European atmosphere and the eclectic clientele make up for it.  There is no wifi and the tables are small, but I still can get some work done in here and prefer to meet up with friends here since it's pretty big and there's always a free seat.  There are very few working plugs so bring a book if your laptop battery doesn't last very long.  Also, the iced coffees here are amazing.  Only $2 and they always put a shot of espresso in it.  They also accept cash or credit card no matter how small the bill is.I like it. They are a machine over there and this is definitely the place to pick up coffee in the Rittenhouse area. 
For two bucks you get a delicious iced or hot coffee and I can't complain about that.
It's always busy so I take mine to go. I suggest you do the same, Rittenhouse Square is only a block away! Enjoy it in the park!I had a quad expresso this morning, I really like this coffe shop. Nice prople and great service.  Better than my first visit but still learning to appreciate their blend,Delicious strong coffee, gorgeous Italian ceramic mugs, great big windows  and changing artwork on the walls. 
The croissants are incredible .Right off of Rittenhouse Square so if you can't get a seat or a table, you can take your coffee outside. All and all, one of the better coffeehouses in the city (cheaper and immeasurably better than Starbucks).
The only downside is the staff-- the baristas can carry a bit of an attitude at times...Great coffee! First time at La Colombe and got the draft latte. Never had a better latte before in my life! They also provide a counter with cream, sugar, syrup, etc... It's convenient, they have a bathroom, and people come to either chat or work on their laptops. Would love to stop by again!I just moved into the area and have been looking new places to go with good coffee. A friend turned me onto La Colombe. The coffee is great! Better yet the staff are very friendly and talkative ( not used to that). Now I'm in there so much, they already have my drink ready. Sweet! Thanks to te people of La ColombeMy boyfriend and I decided to come to the Rittenhouse Square location, because we already been to the new Fishtown location and wanted to check out this one.  We were not disappointed! We both got cappuccinos and they were delicious.  The place was very crowded, so seating choices were limited, but another couple left so we found a seat right away.  La Colombe provides that cozy, relaxing coffee shop vibe we love.  
Delicious coffee and a nicely decorated joint - it's hard to be disappointed!The iced coffee is delicious and only $2. You can get La Colombe coffee all over Philly, but I like going here because the staff is so incredibly friendly. It's a nice way to start the day!If you hate American coffee (especially Starbucks) but shy away from gut-scortching Italian espresso, this place is for you.  If I lived in Philly, this place alone would convert me back to being a coffee drinker.
it's kind of like getting hooked on Motrin 800's...  
giving them up because you just we're "feeling it" any more...
and then having someone walk in and hand you a Percocet 10/350.
(I hurt myself a lot.  that was the best analogy I could come up with)LC,
Oh how I have loved you for almost 10 years now. I have never had a bad cup of coffee, espresso, late or double cap. You are perfection in every sense of the word. I don't even mind when you raise your price just please begin to offer larger to go cups though.  You are the best coffee shop in the country.  Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow morning.Store has developed the feel of a chain coffee shop but quality of coffee is still high. Friendly staff, fast service.Superior coffee, fast and friendly service.
Could definitely use an expansion or a second location nearby. It can be very difficult to get seating during certain times.Maybe i didn't order the right thing? I had a latte and it was decent but i couldn't taste as much of the espresso and tasted much of the cream from the latte art. My friends got the drafts and it was also just ok in my book. Perhaps i would appreciate the pour overs more but one would expect all the coffee drinks to be solid in a coffee house. It looked like their drink menu was limited to pour overs, espresso latte, and drafts so none of the pizzaz of Sbux. Drinks were kinda pricey for the size and quality imho.
The space was free and inviting. In fact most of the tables were filled. The large windows allowed for lots of light which was great on a sunny day like that day.Doesn't anyone work in this city? If not, and they have a New York Times, a MacBook, and lots of black clothing, they're at La Colombe in the morning.
Generally, the line goes out the door. But the service by the 3-day-stubble beautiful boys is spot on. They make the orders lickety-split. And their full tip jar is testimony to how they rock and roll. 
Really great part? Real creme in a china creamer. Long spoons. Granular brown sugar. And a saucer even if you're getting a cup to go.
Get the cappuccino. Their froth is the best in Philly.What can I say that hasn't already been said? Perfect coffee, perfect execution. As far as the space itself, I wish it were bigger and that there were more outlets around, but this is only a tiny gripe.
I'll also vouch for the incredibly nice baristas! Great service and very welcoming.They have the amazing latte on draft. It's the best latte I've ever had. They also offer a fantastic coffee selection if you're not into latte.
Busy all the time, would not go there to study/work because I prefer a very calm atmosphere. And because of the location, being always crowded, sometimes you may luck out in finding a spot.Simply put best & cheapest cappuccino.  I love the atmosphere & everyone working there has been very friendly so far.Hands down best coffee in the city. Their coffee is avail at many bakers snd other coffee houses throughout the city so if you cant make it here try their location across from city hall or fishtown. Also avail a Termini's bakerie and OCF coffee houses, and OLD Nelson locations just to name a few. Smooth rich flavor that is far superior to Starbucks. They also have a plethora of fresh baked pasties that compliment their beverage collection perfectly. A local Philadelphia gem.Great coffee. Always a bit crowded but the coffee always makes up for it.HOW COULD ANYONE RATE LA COLOMBE LOWER THAN A 5??? I take pilgrimages here from NY just for a cappuccino!
Let's just say, they make the best coffee drinks on the east coast. Foam is like whipped cream and the espresso is perfectly rich and smooth. I am a cafe hopper and have conversed about La Colombe with people from all over the country, and it has been agreed upon my restaurant owners and friends alike, that it is THE BEST. 
I often buy the pound bags of coffee here to bring home. They just opened one in NY, so now I don't have to stock up, but this one in Philli still can't be beat.I first got into La Colombe coffee from the cans they sell at the supermarket but this was my first time at a store.  I tried the triple shot draft latte and it was so smooth and light and even better than the can when you drink it on tap.  I also tried the Black and Tan which is half latte and half black cold brew coffee and it was good too but I prefer the latte.  They have coffees and sell some pastries but I'm coming back for more lattes.I really like the simplicity of La Colombe, it has a quiet buzz about it and the baristas know what they are doing. There are no sizes and no menu present, but the prices are fair and you will not see the starbucks spoon foaming done on your cappuccino here at all. Can you really hate on simplicity?
I haven't experienced snotty-ness as all, as others have mentioned either. I've witnessed customers explaining what they'd like in a drink and suggestions being made. Again, this place is about classic simple drinks- why break what's not broken?
With weather like we have been having, I know I'll be around more to grab the double latte I have become used to here.Always jammed but the line moves quickly and the coffee is still the best I've ever tasted. The cappuccinos lattes are special. They really have it down pat - no wonder all of the top restaurants serve their coffee, it's THAT GOOD!Great coffee spot. Love their cold brew in the summer! Also love stopping by and catching up there with friends. They refill your coffee for a discount. On weekends it definitely is a long line but they are pretty quick.Quite good! Lives up to the hype, at least the black and tan does. Good service!I love La Colombe and I am on a mission to visit all of their locations! 
This location was really busy when I came in because it seemed to be the central location for the hustle and bustle of crowds. Inside, there are plenty of seats to make it a perfect place to meet up with people or catch up with old friends. Sadly, although there were plenty of small tables and seats, I found it difficult to do work in here. It was too hectic inside! There was a lack of outlets and too many people were coming in and out of the store that it became too distracting to focus! I'd come back here but to only grab a cup of coffee to-go.I remember the days when I used to drive all the way from Fishtown to Rittenhouse every morning for a cup of La Colombe, through sleet, snow, and hurricanes. And then I got a $301 parking ticket out front, like an idiot, and that put a stop to that for a few weeks....just as every cafe in Philly started carrying your coffee. Of course they would, your coffee is like black liquid gold. That and, I can just brew my own at home. 
But whether I'm getting it from some other little cafe, my own kitchen or from La Colombe itself, all I drink is La Colombe. But I will say, their amazing bean-brainiac baristas, non-pretentious attitude about great coffee, and a perfectly brewed cup every time makes it worth the parking nightmare to stop by La Colombe Rittenhouse for your morning pick-me-up. 
Only downside is the lack of wi-fi as it's such a convenient spot for a quick meeting but I totally get that the library/cubicle vibe isn't what you're going for. From the local art to the mosaic tables and mugs, it's the right place to pop in for 20 minutes of caffeinated creative stimulation before rushing back out into the rat race.Amazing coffee...
but the service sucks! on several occasions, the baristas have just been overly pretentious to the point of being rude! to me, and several other customers. when i asked about wifi, one barista scoffed and said "please, we don't do that here." he laughed, looked at the other barista and said, "she just asked about wifi." the other barista then laughed. WTF?! this is a collegetown is it not?! my boyfriend also told me that the baristas made a sweet old man feel embarrassed about asking for sweetener instead of sugar. they're just a tag team of awful - the one who wears the hat and the vest, and the one with an accent. 
i feel weird saying that i'd rather go to the starbucks less than a block away, over la colombe. even studying at the starbucks (with sofachairs!) is way, way more comfortable than at la colombe. The coffee is definitely expensive, but it is quite good. I can't give this place 4 or 5 stars because the service is just that obnoxious.I was pretty excited to try La Colombe after my friend told me it was featured on the Travel Channel. Upon walking in, I instantly liked the feel of it. There was the smell of good coffee, warm and inviting decor, cute mugs for people enjoying their coffee in the shop, and cool art hanging on the walls. There was even a fancy water station with not only options of room temperature or cold water, but sparkling water too! 
There was no menu so I went with my go-to order of an americano. It had a great bold flavor. I liked that when they handed it to me it was presented with a saucer and spoon to add my cream/sugar right at the counter. My friends got lattes which were equally flavorful with a good amount of creaminess. I was only in Philly for a few days but visited La Colombe 3 times that's how much I liked it!Since we drank La Colombe Coffee at one of my Brunch places, curious to see where this one was, & maybe get a bag of coffee to brew at home. My Friend & I  walked around Rittenhouse square and there it was, right near the park. 
As you enter, on left just little sitting tables, where you see people reading Sunday paper, couple had laptops. The coffee and tea were in these eclectic mugs with almost paisley design, very Parisian. As we looked, saw least 4-6 different versions of the La Colombe coffee ranging from Decaf to full bodied. 
Corsica - Perfect for Filter Brew
Nizza - Best Suited for Espresso
Phocea - A French Press Favorite
Monte Carlo - Full Body Decaf
We got the Nizza-It had a Caramel & nutty flavor.
Can't wait to see how it tastes in my french press as well as my Brew machine!!!  It was in my car, left the most Scintillating smell that illuminated my car.The Woff it just consumed you. Mmmm-mmm!!
They did have small case , couple pastries, but this place is mostly Coffee & tea.My favorite latte can be found right here.  I moved to Philly a little over 2 years ago, and one of my first experiences was sitting at La Colombe sipping on that latte I just ordered.  I was really surprised at how good it was.  Not that I was expecting something bad, but really, I thought that was the best latte I'd ever had.  I hardly needed to put any sugar in it (for example, at Starbucks, I usually put in 1.5 - 2 packets of sugar to wash away the bitterness).  
Anyway, I won't pretend to be a coffee aficionado.  I'm not.  But I'll just say that, for what it's worth, I love La Colombe coffee.  And I come back regularly to buy their packs (Corsica blend) to brew at home in my french press.
The actual cafe is a nice place to study if you can tolerate the noise and/or have headphones.  But seating can be kind of difficult to come by.  It gets crowded here.This review is strictly for the coffee. This stuff is like to crack to me. It is worth every dollar of it's $13 a pound price. For reals.
The shops themselves I can take or leave, the seating is weird and it's weird overall, uncomfortable. But holy shit did you nail that coffee, La Colombe. Don't ever, ever go anywhere.This is the best coffee available in the USA. Having lived in Brazil for 6 years, I developed a taste for strong espresso style coffee. Although different from Brazilian coffee, La Colombe Coffee satisfies with quality and flavor. The atmosphere here is very nice with gorgeous ceramic tables and matching china cups and saucers. A great place to relax and sip a cappuccino.I've been drinking La Colombe for years and I have been twice disappointed with the Nizza espresso here. The first time I visited this location I ordered a cortado/gibraltar, excited since I hadn't had La Colombe in a year and a half, and I was feeling nostalgic. I already knew something looked wrong from the darker color of the coffee swirled in the milk. It was burnt (yes i know the color of the crema doesnt matter but it does matter if it normally is lighter and the same coffee) I drank it, but I didn't enjoy it. I probably should've said something, but alas I didn't and checked it off as a bad one-off... 
A few weeks later (a month maybe?) I return to the same location and decide to order an espresso. The Nizza once again. Giving it another chance to redeem itself. The barista started talking to me, asking me questions, trying to have a conversation while he was pulling the shot, maybe that's what killed it. I took my coffee and sat down with the rest of my party already having noticed that the "crema" was very dark, not a definite sign of "burnt" but i could smell it. One other person in my group also had his coffee (their regular drip) burnt as well. Even less drinkable than mine. To the point where he, a person who basically never takes anything back, took it back (which they did when they smelled it and realized it was really burnt). I had already chugged half of mine so i decided to stomach it again... 
Maybe they're fazing out their Nizza? And I should try their new single origin? Next time I will. Stick to the craft coffee my friends... La Colombe atmosphere is so nice, their pastries delicious, but I don't dare try their Nizza ever again at this location. Will update my review next time I'm in town.Great coffee drinks, great pastry (Asiago cheese-anything always wins my favor).  Reasonable prices and very popular with the sit-down-laptop-or-newspaper table squatters and the walk-in crowd that, judging by the efficiency of the line - knows how to navigate this popular spot.I am done with this place. While the coffee is excellent, the barista's are total a-holes. Yesterday, I was next in line, and the barista bypassed me, and placed the order for the guy behind me that appeared to be a regular. Really? I was in shock. There was no apology, nor was there any eye contact when he finally took my order. The barista's were more interested in chatting with the regular folks than finishing up with my order. This is not the first time this has happened, and I am not returning. Total morons running this place. I don't care how good your coffee is. If you don't know how to treat customers, there is no need for me to give you my business.I've been going to La Colombe forever, so this review is long overdue.  I got to know all of the baristas there because I spent nearly every day there, working on my grad thesis.  They're pretty awesome because they usually know what I'm going to have before I get to the front of the line.
Their coffee is outstanding and somewhat addictive, to the point that if I'm out of town I refuse to drink coffee.  It has a really rich flavor, and they brew it to perfection.  As someone noted earlier, their lattes can be on the lukewarm side, so if you like things piping hot, tell them to make it "extra hot" and they're more than happy to oblige.
Although people find their lack of menu intimidating, the baristas are more than happy to tell you what they have available.  Basically, it's anything coffee-related, but don't ask for flavors or crazy milk.  They don't have it.  They have bittersweet molten chocolate that they use to make hot cocoa and mochas-- yum!  They usually have a great selection of pastries and goodies-- try the tarts or a croissant; they are all really delicious.
One of the drawbacks of the place is that they don't have wifi or a ton of electrical outlets for computers.  That is a blessing in disguise for me, because I get very distracted by procrastinating on the web, so I purposely go there to work because I know I'll sit there and write rather than checking my email every few minutes.  It's not conducive for everyone's style of working, however.We stayed a few blocks from this coffee shop last weekend and stopped in on Sunday morning. I have two words: Latte.Draft. 
It was the most unique coffee drink I've ever had, very light and airy which is hard to imagine for coffee, but trust me, you have to try it! I would come again and everyone should try!Simply the best neighborhood coffee shop.
-The baristas are charming and excellent at their trade
-The actual shop is small, but forces you to get friendly with your neighbors
-The pastries are scrumptious
-And the coffee products? EXCELLENT.If Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, Ross, and Joey* knew what was good for them, they would have packed up their stuff, (recliners, dog statue, yellow frames et all) and moved down to Rittenhouse where they could frequent La Colombe for some fancypants coffee.
This isn't 1997 in some NBC studio though.  It is 2013.  It is real life where I am a girl who gave up on the feeling of ever being sufficiently caffeinated.  Long gone are the days when a simple cup of coffee could give me a flutter in my heart and some gas in my tank.  I know caffeine is a drug because it used to make me so high and by high I mean euphoric.  It is a legal drug afterall and boy was I an addict.
Nowadays, I settle on just functioning with a cup of coffee and Dunkin and Wawa are acceptable means to an end.  I haven't felt the surge of caffeine in years, but this week that changed.  On a quick lunch break, I was treated to the presence of Aaliyah P (who delivers a burst of energy to all who surround her anyway).  She bought me my first cup of iced coffee from La Colombe.  I was happy to see simple syrup and all sorts of fun additives to make an already cup of iced joe better.  
Back at the office, I began to feel something.  That flutter in my heart that left me in my early 20's after all my all-nighters came back to me.  I didn't know I could feel this way again.  And of course, I needed to feel it again and again like a true addict.  So 2 days later I went back and found myself in a blissful state again. it only cost me $2...I'm done for.  Sure, this too will pass and I will become numb again, but for now, I have found my liquid joy again. 
*Apologies for such a dated reference, but I just recently got cable and learned that Friends is on pretty much any time of the day.  Should you need a Central Perk fix, you needn't look too hard....and apparently I have now confessed two shameful addictions.My favorite thing to do before work is to grab a cappuccino, sprinkle brown sugar on my foam and enjoying the rich taste. Staff are always friendly. 
BEST COFFEE SHOP IN PHILLY. Only 4 stars because they don't have WIFI.Coffee is good and ambiance is nice.
Great place to meet up with friends or to study.I really enjoy informed people. Nothing kills me more than when staff aren't able to answer my questions or give recommendations. The staff at La Colombe are well versed in coffee, and don't rush you along despite the always long lines.
I studied in Australia for 6 months and have been craving their flat white for years. I've tried to order this in other coffee shops but always get the wrong thing. I stopped in La Colombe this past weekend and realized that if anyone was going to make me a good flat white, it'd be the baristers there. Lo and behold...a perfect flat white, with a delicious biscotti to dunk in. We sat at a table and enjoyed our coffee and some people watching. 
I love the cups and saucers, as well as the tiles on the tables. Also love the latest edition of the city prints covering the walls. I don't necessarily love the coffee they brew there, I feel it always tastes burnt...but when I want to treat myself to a specialty drink I always stop in.Great place to meet up with friends. Lots of seating space compared to other coffee shops!
I am not from the area, but for the 1 hour I was there, La Colombe had a constant stream of people rolling in.Incredible. Cappuccino here is truly the way to start a Philadelphia morning, whether sitting in the park or enjoying the warm interior and vibrant ceramic mugs.
La Colombe espresso expertise is too good to downgrade because of a supposed tiff with the baristas. Get over yourself and drink this ridiculously good coffee at a ridiculously good price. Not that price is a focal point as there is no menu...really appreciate this touch the more I visit.
Note to those who like it extra-hot: beverages can be on the lukewarm side, so make sure to specify when you order.
Best coffeehouse in the city.La Colombe serves third wave coffee with a colonial revival meets turn of the century billiard room ambience; dark wood, marble, evergreen palette. Walking all day in the city of brotherly love and I was glad to take a seat, have a cup and plan my next excursion. 
I ordered a Sumatran espresso, an in house roast called Red Badger, and found a corner table.  My order was ready quickly, though it would have been worth a wait.  Light, partly sweet, mellow acidity, hints of almond and grape with a bright/tangy finish.  The baristas were fast, friendly and focused even with a steady stream of patrons. 
One feature I quite enjoyed was the sparkling water on tap.  Not only does it add an air of refinement but the effervescence cleanses ones palate.
My only complaint is that with such finesse and attention given to their coffee they were using Wawa milk for the latte's, cappuccinos, etc.  It feels a bit like going to your favorite artisan bakery, ordering a croissant fresh from the oven and then slathering it in Smucker's.  Pennsylvania has several fantastic dairy farmers (Trickling Springs immediately springs to mind) dedicated to producing flavorful and sustainable organic milk.  The final product would taste better, support local agriculture and connect the patrons with their surrounding community.   While the espresso was great, I wouldn't order a dairy based beverage.I'm a coffee roaster. I'm a coffee guy. I'm a barista. I'm a decent guy and I thought this place served super shitty coffee. the service was terrible except for one guy there who made my drink. He was friendly and attentive. The cashier, an attractive european woman was super unfriendly and could care less about anything but herself. The coffee is burnt, meaning roasted way too dark, it was oily and I took seriously only two sips and had to throw it out.
I come from an east coast AND west coast coffee background and I thought for all the hype this place had the worst coffee I have ever had. STRAIGHT UP.
The design was old school beautiful, but I was disappointed after all the talk about La Colombe.
They have potential, but not with that coffee and service.Not for vegans.
The coffee here is really delicious. I had an iced coffee, and it was one of the richer brews I've had in a while.  The service is very attentive, and friendly.  However, there is no soy milk in the place, so I had to have it with half and half.  Not sure why they say no to soy milk, but that was disappointing.
The place has a European chicness to it, and is a nice place to sit and people watch.While perusing open houses in Rittenhouse my mom and I decided we needed to sit and drink. Noticing that it was early we decided it wasn't quite 5 o clock somewhere for us and so we stopped in here for some coffee! 
I actually didn't want anything because in general coffee is too heavy for my sensitive stomach. My mom was not to be challenged though. Haha she brought me a latte and at first I was like aww that's sweet but ugh. Then I sipped. And I kept sipping! The temperature was perfect. Hot but drinkable! (I hate when I get a drink and I have to wait 15 minutes to drink it.) The flavor was wonderful and the atmosphere was really cute too. 
The reason this place gets 4 stars is because there isn't wifi, and they didn't have any kind of other pastries. A biscotti would have been perfect to dunk instead of whatever that cake they have was.There's a reason why this place is always packed and why so many other coffee shops in Center City brew their coffee. Their coffee is the best, there's a great ambience, and a friendly staff. I find myself going to La Colombe multiple times a week. Not an ideal studying spot because there's no wi-fi and only a couple of outlets. But, it's still the best coffee shop in town.While I am passing by i decided to take a cup of coffee to go, I knew other options on the neighborhood but I found them on my way. I loved the Americano and the price is so reasonable. the place is busy and it is not that kind of coffee shop you want to sit in and enjoy your coffee. It is a place to grab your cup and go, and who want to sit indoors while the Rittenhouse Square is a few steps anyway!
I must say the services is good although they might be slow sometimes but you get what you paid for. Last note their location on Penn Square is more friendly and good for sitting.Yum, yum, yum. I love La Colombe coffee, and this is the original place dedicated to serving just that. It's often super packed, which is a good sign, methinks, of how enjoyable it is to take a break, sit for a while, and enjoy a lovely cup of coffee.
One thing is that they don't have soy milk. I went through a brief (thank god) period of lactose intolerance and was forced to fish out a lactaid tablet so I could enjoy my coffee properly milked. Aside from that, all is well in La Colombe land.The espresso here is definitely just okay. It's not as good as Joe's, which is also only good, not amazing. Philadelphia is not a coffee city. Things seem to be improving here, but Philly still has catching up to do compared to other North American cities.
La Colombe is probably one of the best two or three coffee roasters in the city and their beans are available widely in stores throughout the city.
At home, I own an automatic espresso machine (a Gaggia) as well as a Chemex pour-over carafe. I don't really think La Colombe's espresso is good enough for me to buy and make at home. But, some of their other roasts are good enough that I will buy the Afrique blend to make in Chemex. 
At around $10 for a 12 oz. bag of beans, the price isn't bad considering the quality. I think the coffee that The Head Nut, also a local roaster, offers is just as good as La Colombe, if not better. The Head Nut's prices vary by blend, but are slightly cheaper than La Colombe. With La Colombe you pay a bit more for their bourgeoisie branding experience, but at least the product tastes good.Old school in a good way. 
No wifi - no lap top monopolies at the tables. 
This place is about foot traffic volume and good coffee. The people working the counter are cool and they bust it to keep things moving as people walk in the door. 
No menu. Just coffee the way you ask for it and French pastries. 
Great place.Cute coffee shop with great service. Sometimes it's packed and hard to find a seat but just wait a few minutes then take your turn at a table enjoying a real good drink out of a real mugThis is my go to coffee spot down in the square. Usually busy but I can find a seat. Reasonably priced coffee with a distinct flavor. Friendly young/hip staff that doesn't make you feel uncomfortable or unwelcome like some places can. Love the oat milk! Love the clean water station and the clean spacious bathroom! Also the ham and cheese croissant was amazing! So close to 5 stars!hands down the best in the city.  their prices are half that of starbucks, and the milk foam designs are twice as beautiful!   I go out of my way to go to la colombeThis coffee joint is rad. I first tasted La Colombe seven years ago at the Philly diner Honey's. It was different but really distinct. This location is very interesting, it stands out and helps to escape the city well, the Baristas are interesting and service was fast.I love love love the fact that there is no wifi - it keeps out the zombies who like to take up a seat for hours zoning out solo.  Please keep out the wifi (!!!) and let the zombies sit at the other places that do bad coffee and blah snacks.  
It's fast and good. Get in and out and get to the meter before the PPA evildoers ding you.
If you want to hang and chat with the baristas when you are ordering then the rest of us in the long line will push you out of the way.  If you fall into the "I want to do barista chat and then sit in front of my laptop" you probably belong at Mugshots where the coffee is water, is more expensive, and the baristas are sloooooooow.  
I can walk to Mugshots but I drive to LaColombe.... or makes the long walk on nice days.  What a great place to have some great coffee, sit down, and talk with friends.Extremely friendly staff.  Loved the vibe inside, but it can get very packed so it may not be the best place to study or if you needed quiet time.
Cappuccino was very good and the chocolate chip cookie was delicious!  Love that they have complimentary sparkling water on tap too.I think the space is cute and I've been to the location in SoHo.  Now I'm strictly an espresso drinker and well...the espresso just wasn't very good.  Maybe it was an off Saturday.  I dunno.  But it tasted burnt -- like borderline Starbucks quality.  That's not very good.I've never sat in to try this place but I'm sure it's great. The first time I had a cappuccino here the taste of the coffee was sweet enough that I didn't have to put sugar in it. The service was great each time I've been here as they've been very friendly. Don't hesitate to stop in to try their coffee. This has been my go to place for coffee in center city.A latte (which happens to be skillfully, artfully and deliciously crafted) and a flaky almond croissant from here is IMO a heavenly way to start the day (or take a break in the afternoon).This place has excellent coffee, friendly employees with nice teeth, and good for people watching.  I like to take my single girlfriends in to get some coffee and check out the dudes.  There is usually one crazy old dude who tries to throw salt on our game by asking to sit with us..but other than that..it's a great spot.Almond croissant, a pour over, and a Black & Tan. Better than any coffee place my girlfriend and I have been to in NYC. A must try.Service is awesome and they have the pretties china to serve on if you choose to stay. Also the coffee is made to order at a bar where you can watch the magicI still feel this is Philadelphia's finest bean and that the Baristas are well-trained. This location started selling sandwiches a couple months ago. A Veggie sandwich - , Ham and cheese and Chicken Salad on Ciabatta roll for $7.00. I also think this is my favorite La Colombe location. it is the original location and I have been coming here for as long as I have been in Philly (13 years). What has also changed since my last review is La Colombe had the cold brew iced coffee way before chain coffee places like Starbucks and also started doing pour over before chains etc, caught on. 
The espresso drinks are still top notch, quality. The pastries (most made at their Fishtown location) are still very good. Baristas still knowledgeable and friendly. I like this location because of the ambience. It's great to kick back, hang out with friends, or alone reading, writing, people watching.Coffee doesn't get any better. Espresso lovers won't find a better place. Coffee aficionados won't find a more bean loving staff than La Colombe. 
I expressed my love for espresso and asked for a suggestion from the Barista. Not only was I given a great choice, because he understood my love for espressos he offered me a Mexican Grind on the house. Both were so good, that I finally succumbed to the cliche coffeehouse of sitting around staring longingly at the outside world lost in thought. I think its time I grow a ponytail, wear dark Raybans, put on a black turtleneck, and sit around with my Macbook writing my next screenplay. 
Another thing I really love and this holds especially true for espresso drinkers is the need for water when drinking a good strong espresso. This is where La Colombe really shines, they have warm, cold, and amazingly Sparkling water for free. So that I can sip and enjoy every bit of the espresso because I have water to refresh my palate. If only I worked in the city all the time, this would be my office.Fabulous coffee!  We are moving to the city and my brother, a businessman who travels frequently, said it was the best he has ever had.  After trying it today, I have to agree.  Better than much of the cappucino I have had in Italy.My reply is to Charlie B.'s from Philadelphia  
Certainly very accurate description of the coffee beans process, toasting etc. but he is missing a big point: the ultimate product.
I am italian grew up in Italy where espresso probably has longer history than here. Yes we italian are much less cerebral than here in US where you can write book about coffee. We just go to a bar for a good espresso or cappuccino prepared quickly. Here it has become (no judging) a ritual.
Said this I did try the Bodhi's and Spruce Street 's espresso, in both places  the time to wait for a coffee is unbelievable long, price outrageously expensive. Maybe the trendy and very expensive  Stumptown beans are perfect for hand poured coffee but certainly not for espresso I can tell you this much, those beans are way to bitter. 
Bottom line La Colombe offers the best coffee beans for espresso and cappuccino prepared in a short time with no wait as many of my italian friends agree on. All baristas there are top of the line and I am talking not so much about the decoration with the foam (they are very good of course) but the efficiency and fast service they provide no matter how long the line is. 
For what regards the owners of La Colombe I honestly don't care much of what they do with their personal lives as far as they run a good business !!!
In terms of dates form  roasting he is correct , coffee should be consumed within  2 weeks from grounding but with the big sale they have I don't think  that is an issue and even when you buy coffee in Torrefazione in Italy they don't put the date.
One last point if you make homemade espresso you know that coffee machine should keep a little residual of coffee grinds. As a matter of fact when you buy a coffee machine in Italy they always suggest to run for few time to condition the machine.
I hope this was helpful !
Paola C.I love this place.  Coffee is $2 and is awesome.  The place is always nice inside and the baristas are cool and know what they are doing.What can i say, hummm. I will start by saying Starbucks move over, this is ur competitor and they are here to stay. Anytime i am in the area I look forward to their coffee. Not only its high quality coffee but the baristas are so friendly and attentive.  Prices are compatable with other coffee chains.  They also have great pastries and a beautiful store fronts.Very crowded on the weekends, but during the week this is a perfect spot to go for an escape not unlike being in a cafe in Paris or Prague. Fantastic coffee, it's odd that there isn't a menu, but the gentleman know their coffee and espresso, and I imagine they can make most traditional things.  The latte is flavorful and perfect as is.It's been a long time since I've yelped. And it's only appropriate that a coffee shop brings me back. La Colombe, in a word, is fabulous. While their cappuccinos do not feature the perfect combination of espresso crema and milk froth to create glorious "latte art," I still gulped a couple of these drinks down during my three random trips to Philadelphia. The espresso was not bitter and the milk was just rightly sweet. I couldn't complain. Their large mug of coffee is great too. 
Relax - coffee snobbery is not all THAT rampant here. The lack of a menu (which tells you that you are only allowed the classics - the way it should be done anyway, frankly) balances out with the OK espresso shots. However, if memory serves me right, the shop uses a La Marzocco to pull its shots (WAY snobby, but in the right way).
My favorite thing about La Colombe, though, is the atmosphere. Large windows are placed opposite a warm dark wood interior, which truly provides a world that is the best of both. People-watching is a definite do here. True characters haunt this place. One time when I went, a scrubby young man, who had just seemingly finished smoking his cigarette outside, came back in with the stub of his cigarette enclosed in his hand and jacket sleeve. Was he trying to create some sort of hot box in his sleeve? Beats me. Weird. 
I haven't even gotten to their cups. They're gorgeous. Cappuccinos are served out of beautiful sets of cornflower blue and maroon Deruta ceramic cups and saucers. From what I hear, they're custom-painted. Some of the tables in the cafe even feature broken pieces of the pattern. 
If not only for the pretty good cappuccinos, you should try La Colombe just to see the cafe itself. Beautiful.So as it turns out I do not know that much about coffee. Thankfully, La Columbe helped me discover this. My good friend had told me how there coffee was the best in the city. Going on his opinion I went over and grabbed a cup for myself. From the start, the caf was packed with tons of people doing work. It had a productive vibe in the air. The barista's were really nice. And the service was great as well. They give you a spoon to mix with. Heh. 
However, I did not like the coffee. The best I ever do is Light and Sweet at Dunkin' Donuts. This was too strong for me.Best coffee in Philadelphia - pastries are similar to what I've had from good bakeries in Paris.  I go here every chance I get.This is the smallest of the Philly La Colombe chain, still offering its classic draft lattes (three dollars and change) in a reservedly calm atmosphere. While its clientele and location are certainly Rittenhouse, you can expect to find at least your own seat during any hour of their day.
The storefront view opens up to the austere Wellington Building, rather than Rittenhouse Park.I used to live right by here and loved it. Super friendly staff with decently priced high quality coffee.My cappuccino was pretty good! The pastry is hardly worth it though. I like the place's neighborhood atmosphere.Simply put La Colombe is the absolute best coffee in Philadelphia. The line moves quick the coffee is inexpensive. They put a shot of espresso in your $2.00 iced coffee every time. The staff is super friendly which is always a plus. 
I buy the Corsica grind and it is by far the most impressive grind I've ever purchased it tops anything I've ever gotten from other shops.It's a reliable outpost near Rittenhouse Square to get coffee and tea. There's ample seating, and the place isn't too cramped, either. That's important to me since I don't want to hear about some dude discussing his "novel" or Heidegger. Bonus: there's a bathroom, too, which is often missing from no-seater coffee joints that are clearly the brainchild of real estate speculators who decided to turn a cramped 200 sq ft space into an easy and lazy buck.the barista's are not rude they just are particular. Go in an order a cappucino, latte, coffee, but do not slip up and order a starbucks type beverage. That is when they get rude.
They do indeed have some of the best coffee and steamed milk this side of the atlantic!
Its very busy and crowded on weekends!Delicious, bold coffee.  The draft latte, however, gave me a headache and a "speed-like" feeling for hours though.  Woo, it was strong!!Bah! What's up with this, Philly? This was some inferior coffee! Maybe it was an off day, but just because you have hipsters serving you coffee in (gorgeous Italian) ceramic mugs, doesn't mean it's good.
I'm sorry man, but the espresso in my cappucino tasted so burnt. It was not a very pleasant drink. My SO didn't even finish his espresso, he disliked it so much.
Bahhh...great place for the scene, but don't go expecting amazing brew.i love their coffee. and also the sparkling water service. :). best coffee in philly!good vibes in this low-key coffee shop.  went here twice during my one wk stay in philly 'n both times encountered friendly baristas and well made drinks.  their hot chocolate is made from the real stuff so it doesn't taste artificial...and the prices are unbeatable by any famous chain.Not kidding - I never even liked coffee before drinking La Colombe's. Everything from the regular coffee to the draft latte is amazing. Definitely one of Philly's best contributions - I am always so excited to see a La Colombe when I'm traveling!La Colombe is Philadelphia's favorite non-Starbucks roaster, and I just don't get it.
The cafe itself is sleek and cool - you see less laptops here and more newspapers, which is a nice change of pace.  Conveniently located near Rittenhouse, they are in the perfect spot for tourists and businessmen alike.
That aside, I moonlight as a barista from time to time, and I personally think the beans are nothing to write home about.  Quality has definitely gone down over the past few years, likely due to higher quantities of beans being roasted.  I find that the brewed coffee leaves a bitter, dry taste in my mouth - not unlike Starbucks.  The espresso is better, but still not as great as I would have expected.  I'd agree with a previous reviewer as to the beans being roasted way too dark.  In fact, the key to LC's success has probably been locally producing a product that's still better, but not much more, than Starbucks.
I'll give them 2 stars because I will drink it (most independent cafes serve it), but there are better roasters in the Philadelphia area (Chestnut Hill Coffee, Fonseca Coffee, etc).I discovered La Colombe through Yelp reviews. Their coffee is great and the place is nice and cosy. They are very friendly in their service and not too expensive either. It is true that you see a lot of hipsters here but that does not bother me. 
Most important are their croissants. They are the best you can find in the whole of Philadelphia. When you eat it, you feel like you are in Paris eating a real french croissant. Trust me, coming from Europe, this is hard to find here. 
I will be back for some more latte and a croissant!The best cappuccino in the city even though I am a fan of Joe and Ultimo.Probably the most popular second wave/artisan coffee shop in Philly, and Philly-based coffee outside Philly. For good reason though - although I've never been blown away by anything in particular, the quality is always high, and the menus are simple and done well. I especially like their black/white coffee and nitros.We were in Philadelphia for the weekend, roaming around Rittenhouse Square when we come across this cafe for a quick afternoon pick-me-up.
I got a plain coffee and my friend got a draft latte. My coffee was quite good, strong but not bitter and definitely didn't need to be sweetened. My friend seemed to enjoy the draft latte as well.
The atmosphere was very chill for a Saturday afternoon and they seemed to have unique types of coffee which is always a plus!The coffee is delicious.  No matter where I am in the city, I look for La Colombe when I want coffee.
My review is for the coffee, for the roasters.  
My review for the coffeehouse off Rittenhouse Square?  One star.  I will not go in there again.  At La Colombe, they must train their staff to look down their noses at customers and be curt and rude. I agree with previous reviews about the "euro-snobbery."  Too bad, because I like this location and love their coffeeNo other coffee shop compares. Customer service is great the servers remember what your usual ordering habits are.Coffee is fine. 
Nothing extremely special. 
A dark cup - slightly burned flavor.
Staff seem too busy to care. I got minimal eye contact even though I said it was my first visit and that I had been told all about the shop. 
Not even a smile or "thanks for coming in." "hope you like it." "jump off a building"Good espresso and given options in the City, it's certainly among the best in Center City. Atmosphere is nice - a large space and some areas are quiter, some louder with larger groups chatting. Weekend mornings have a decent amount of traffic flow and the barristas are adept at making drinks + moving the line quickly. Limited selection of pastries.I love this coffee and this location. Would come here every day if I wasn't on a student budget.No Intelligentsia, but I won't complain. Beautiful ceramic cups and saucers were filled with good coffee--nothing outrageous--but good. The atmosphere and location is where they have an advantage. I just needed a place to get some work done before a meeting and it was perfect for such a scenario.We've been enjoying coffee at La Colombe for many years, but lately the baristas seem not to be trained properly.
In the past, my latte would be crowned with a 1/2 to 3/4-inch layer of thick, creamy steamed milk foam. It would be so dense that I could run a spoon through it and it would leave a fairly deep trail. 
But the last several times we've been there, there has been almost no foam - what foam there was consisted of a 1/16th to 1/8th-inch layer - and it was thin not only in depth but also density. I can make coffee with hot milk at home; I don't go to La Colombe for cafe au lait.
This has been extremely disappointing! 
Perhaps they are spending all of their energy elsewhere, like the TV show, or the newly opened shops. Hope someone in management wakes up and trains their baristas better, or we will have to find another place to get our coffee fix.Philly's best coffee. Cute local coffee shop with nice Italian style serving-ware. Right by Rittenhouse. Limited Hours, No Internet. Otherwise, perfect.I stopped in Monday around 5pm before my night class for a cup of coffee. I have never been there before and the staff was lovely. I let her know the basics I am lactose intolerant and know little to nothing about coffee. Besides I need it to function properly I was given a cold brew with almond milk and simple syrup. This was nice because I could add how much or little I wanted of the almond milk and sugar. The price wasn't bad about $4 for a standard size cup they only have one cold brew size. It wasn't mind boggling coffee it was okay I survived my 2 1/2 hour class.I am personally #TeamMenu but I'll let it slide because I love this place and am  quite adaptable.
I love the coffee, draft lattes, and iced black.  Staff is always super friendly and quick. Even during the morning commute, they get everyone in and out with ease.If you drink black coffee, this is your place!!!
It's a pretty cool, hipsterish coffee shop. They serve yummy croissants and there coffee is really good. They aren't much into fancy coffee drinks as in Carmel lattes or such. Black coffee is where it's at....just saying.this place sucks. i dont quite understand what all the hype's about. their coffee tastes like any other coffee and the employees treat you like shit. i wouldn't go back.I really liked the atmosphere at La Colombe. It's only a stone's skip away from Rittenhouse Square park, which makes it social, but not too loud and densely-packed that you can't get work done. I got a ginger turmeric tea here, which came in a beautiful china teacup. The coffee has a good reputation but I have yet to try it.Great coffee.  Placing your lid on a plate with a spoon is a nice touch versus the 'Bucks, where you shlep to a dirty counter to add cream and sugar.I only picked up coffee to go this time but i'm gonna try to come in with my computer to study. Love the ambience here! 
I got a soy latte and it was AMAZING!!!! 
So smooth and very rich! It was def one of the best in philly. 
I also got an almond croissant and wow!! I don't know where they get their pastries from but it was sooo good! 
Hopefully i will come back sometime soon!La Colombe is my favorite coffee chain in Philadelphia. It is tragic for me that they don't offer WiFi, although I can understand how this leads to a higher turnover rate of customers who want a seat. They don't need internet to sell coffee. The coffee sells it-frickin-self.I have been here for many times, and have been getting more and more disappointed. The quality of the latte here is just far worse than La Colombe's Astor Place location in NYC (which is one of my very favorites in the US). And it's just getting worse and worse. 
What made me annoyed and finally decide to write a negative review is that, in my several recent visits, the barista steamed milk in a big pitcher and then pour multiple cups at once, and also pour the leftover milk into next pitcher, and don't wash or switch to new pitcher for the next customer etc! It is just so gross!
And the latte just doesn't taste good. It wasn't because of the beans, it is because of the way they make it. And plus the milk this place uses is worse than its NYC location too.My favorite coffee ever.  Better than Intelligentsia, Philz, Blue Bottle, Joe's Coffee, etc.  Also MUCH cheaper.   
What I appreciate about La Colombe is that it's simple.  There's nothing super fancy about it, just great coffee.  No fancy pour technique, no $6 brews.  It's no wonder all the Philly restaurants serve their coffee.  Not too burnt, not too florally, not too acidic... seriously just coffee perfection.  The pastries they stock are excellent too.  Try the almond croissant!
If you make coffee at home, do yourself a favor and buy their grounds.  Tell them which method of brewing you use and they will recommend some blends.  (It's also listed on their website and on their coffee ground packages.)  
One thing to note: They do not offer milk alternatives.  So if you are lactose intolerant, you will not be able to get soy milk.  Something about wanting to make sure that the taste of each drink is standardized and not having tested out soy milk.  Doesn't affect me but my cousin couldn't get a latte and opted for coffee with a little half-and-half instead (easier to digest?).Have never had a bad cup, cap or latte.  Their iced coffee (with a shot of espresso) is like liquid crack.  It's got that smooth, strong taste that only a true coffee lover can appreciate.  And for $2 it's the perfect mid-day pick-me-up.  Baristas are witty, cool and friendly.  Don't be discouraged by the long line.  It will move quickly. 
P.S. If you're looking for a place to camp out all day to study or work, this is probably not your place (try Starbucks on 19th & Chestnut or B&N on 18th & Walnut).After all these years, still the best coffee you will ever have.  The coffee is smooth and luscious.  The cappuccinos are amazing!My patronage here goes back to 2003 when I discovered it while working around the corner.  The coffee was, and is, spectacular.  The way they serve it is a hybrid in that they serve American-style coffee but Italian-style bar-service. Their Nizza, Corsica, Monaco, and Monte Carlo have all been around for decades and has never failed me. You will be hard-pressed to find better coffee anywhere in the world.there's always a line no matter what time of day I come in, grab a seat when one opens up, fast, and enjoy the people watching with a good cup of anything.This place serves up a good cup of coffee.  There are various styles of coffee to choose from: espresso, lattes, pours over, and single origin.  I love varietal coffee beans from the African continent, but I decided to change it up and tried a single-origin, Brazilian pour over coffee.  My cup was good.  I was hesitant to try their baked goods; ignoring my inhibitions, my wife bought me a tart anyway.  I'm glad she did!  My tart was fantastic! There was no space to sit down to enjoy our coffee and pastries.  The shop was packed at 3pm in the afternoon! I picked up a bag of their Phocea coffee beans to put in my French Press at home and we hit the door.  All in all, good coffee, but it is way too busy if you want to study or just sit back and unwind.Possibly my new favorite coffeeshop. The Baristas are nice and very knowledgable. I've been there twice and ordered a Cubano Latte (brown sugar packed in the portafilter with the espresso before the shot is pulled) and both times they pulled it off well. Another cafe in University City that rhymes with Hovers and Ladmen wouldn't even attempt the drink... Oh and the second time at La Colombe the bartender even remembered me, which is impressive because this is the busiest cafe I've ever been too. 
Also, I bought a bag of their Afrique Blend Whole Bean and so far I'm very pleased.
Lastly, you should just come here for the people watching. Such a diverse and interesting mix of patrons...
Highly recommend this place.I just found out today that La Colombe does not have wi-fi after I had everything set up..aka I took my computer out of my bag and turned it on.  Even Chick-filet has wi-fi!  Come on La Colombe..you are better than that. I had to deduct 2 stars from my original review.This is one busy place.  I prefer coffee spots that don't come with Starbucks lines but in this case there is a reason why.  Their stuff is good and they are super fast getting your drinks out.  If you don't miss it from the street construction outside, then head on in.  The Americano I had was really good and they know their business.Stopped in here for a quick pick-me-up while in Philly.
One interesting thing is that La Colombe does not have any menus, you just come in an order what you want. I got a double espresso (which I recall was fairly cheap, though the exact price escapes me).
The espresso was good though not the best I have had. I would give La Colombe 3.5 stars if I could. Though I did enjoy the overall experience better than most coffee shops I have been too (very spacious, easy to find a seat, not too busy) so I am willing to round up.
If i was in the area I would stop by again.Just the cafe I have been looking for, if only it didn't get quite so crowded. 
Of course it is crowded because so many others love it and care to stick around to drink from the wonderful china in which the luscious coffee is served. And yes, the place is cozy, welcoming, and offers complimentary water (still or sparkling). I just wish I had found it sooner... or didn't work so as to spend my weekday afternoons here with a book, sipping on a cappuccino.
Alas, I will have to share this place with seemingly everybody within walking distance. But I promise you'll find me here on my next "sick" day.The coffee is so good at this place.  I always go when I'm in Philly.  Last time I tried a Yemeni pour over, and it was the best coffee I have had in my life.Excellent atmosphere and product but alas no wifi and outlet? What am I supposed to be social? Meh. Can't I have the great coffee + tech connection? Ended up leaving for Starbucks' wifi.Cloud-like foam: Check (yes, I know what clouds taste and feel like)
Impactful, yet savory espresso: Check
Knowledgeable, Friendly, and Humor-prone baristas: Check
(side note: some people have mentioned attitudes in regards to the baristas. if i were there on the grind for 6-7 hours nonstop with a never ending line going out there, occasionally i might say something with some edge to it.  it is not something that is characteristic of service here - i go about 5 times a week.)
China I intend to harbor one plate and cup at a time in my purse: CheckLa Colombe's coffee is quite tastey but their service is seriously lacking. The iced latte I ordered was very good - I didn't even need to put sugar in it. Unfortunately, the barista who made and served me my drink was anything but sweet. She was impatient and rather rude especially when I wanted to pay using my debit card. I did tip her in cash so I don't understand what the ice queen treatment was for! To top if off, she proceeded to be personable to the next guy in line who ended up not leaving her a tip. Talk about biting the hand that feeds you.Have you ever thought to yourself that it would be SO awesome to walk into a place that didn't have a menu anywhere? It's not just hidden, it straight up doesn't exist. But then again, when you only serve one thing, I guess you don't technically need one.
Coffee. Served here. Some people like it, some people hate it.
The end.I'm giving this place 3 stars, and that's generous of me, i.e., you should probably check this place out.  I really like the ambience of the store and the coffee is divine.  Many, if not all, of the baristas hail from foreign countries and have charming accents.  They are also pretty easy on the eyes and can make a mundane coffee run a tad more exciting.  If you visit the store around closing time (7 p.m.), you can even get free pastries - this happened to a friend and me once.  The location is prime as it is right near Rittenhouse Square.  The interior is somewhat reminiscent of a European coffee house.  The eat-in coffee mugs are colorful and decorative; they also match the blue and red mosaic tables.  
I ordered an iced coffee here once, and a regular hot coffee on another.  They do not add syrups to drinks, so if you want a vanilla latte, you're out of luck.  The barista kindly asked me if he could prepare a mocha, however, which I declined.  Depending on the time of day, it may be hard to find seating.
Service: B+
Taste: B+Great coffeehouse. The black coffee is good (probably 4 out of 5 stars), but the cappuccino and cafe latte are outstanding. The space is casual and classic. The service is generally friendly. If you have the time, order your latte to stay and sip it from one of the cool, painted cups and saucers. Any time I am in Philly, I make a beeline for this place.always love a good la colombe. 
i've only ever visited the flagship on in fishtown in philly, but this particular day i was around rittenhouse and needed a big pick me up. usually i order the lattes or else my dentist will yell at me for drinking coffee that stains my teeth. However, this one particular visit i got the cold brew bc i wanted something a lil more refreshing. and i love that they let you customize the drink at the counter top with syrups, sugar, etc. (because i like mine a bit sweeter!)
PROTIP: this place does NOT have wifi (and then i found out that none of the la colombe's have wifi; i guess i've just never had to sit down and do work at one of them before). 
PROTIP: it gets kind of crowded on a weekday early evening so be prepared to wait for a table or sit at one of those counter top spaces. limited plugs around the wall from a quick glance. 
great crew and love the colombes. a must visit if you need a pick me up!So, La Colombe. I fell in love with this place the first time I came to Philly, several years ago, and watched the guys behind counter turn latte making into a mesmerizing dance. Sure, the place was slammed, and sure, they had only two baristas; but they were so much on their game that they could handle a crowd that your local neighborhood Starbucks would staff five people to juggle, poorly. _And_ the baristas at La Colombe used manual machines. Yea: it was awesome. A caffeine-celebrating, Zen-like ballet.
After that, every time I came to Philly to visit, I'd make sure to come to get a latte or drip or whatever, and to get it to stay: the mugs and plates the coffee and pastries are served on are really quite nice (honestly, I've considered stealing a couple).
It helps that the coffee and espresso is good. But not cheap. So four-stars. Skip the croissants, by the way; they're not that great. Don't know about the sweeter tasties: I tend to skip those altogether.I have had many loves come and go in my tumultuous life, but there are three things that I have loved consistently: 
1.) coffee
2.) engaging, lively, and sometimes controversial conversation
3.) men with European accents
I found all three in this shop. Magic! 
It still gets four stars because, although it was rich and smooth (the coffee, that is), the space was very crowded and it was difficult to find a place to sit. That's not exactly the store's fault, as they did have abundant seating. It is just a very popular, bustling place.
Oh, also, the ambience is lovely. The shop has large glass windows so that you can see the city. It is bright inside. The baristas serve the coffee in pretty ceramic mugs.Perfect dry capp foam.  The barista was so patient to ensure it was the good stuff, not the bubble bath mixed with heated milk.  I prefer this location over the other for seating, as the other location is more of a grab and go.  Will be the go to place for coffee in Philly hands down.  Not sure if they do hand pours, but their drip is good enough!  Drip and Capp for $4.00!!!  You can't beat that.  Would be 5 stars if it was organic milk.I love the coffees well as the unique service.  I recently returned to the area and like the renovations made to the interior.  I just wish this location had outdoor seating, but then Rittenhouse Square is so close. regardless, best coffee around!I stopped in here with some friends to escape the hot weather and to get a caffeine buzz going during the Labor Day weekend. I ordered an iced coffee with one of their pastries. Perhaps to fully enjoy the coffee they offer at La Colombe you need to order something a bit more complex than basic iced coffee but I was not bowled over. I was not disappointed as the coffee was decent and the service was fine. However, I did not see or taste the hype so many people are attributing to the place. Down the road I will give it another go and see if my opinion and rating change but for now, in my opinion, it was just another place to grab a quick coffee before venturing outside in the heat.I am giving 5 stars not so much to the coffee shop (which is about 3.5 stars) but to the FABULOUS customer service we got from Nicolas Capes at the MAIN site of La Colombe.
You see, we wanted to have individually wrapped foil pouches of coffee as wedding favors for our June 2008 nuptuals.  DiBruno Brother's couldn;t help us.  Neither could Dunkin Donuts, nor Cappriccio (though the manager tried).
The coffee favors available on "wedding" websites as favors is sub-par pre-bagged swill.
We wanted QUALITY - and with La Colombe - our guests got it - for reasonable coin, too.
We ordered a case (96 pouches) of the house blend and bagged each pouch in a cute little tulle bag, and added a Yankee Candle "buttercream" votive.  Between the coffe and the cream - our closet smelled heavenly.
The coffee favors were a huge hit and La Colombe is the ONLY Philly coffee place to come through for us.Draft latte, my fav. I need to go back soon and try every kind of coffee there.First off, I love the house brew here! I drink my coffee black and it is strong and flavorful and delicious. This location is super discreet but always busy, and as with all La Colombe shops, there is no wifi available. Probably not the best spot to study considering that, plus the fact that it can get VERY loud. People are chatting and music is always playing, so if you're looking for a quiet spot to read or unplug, this may not be what you're looking for! But stop in for the coffee and you won't regret it!Never been a coffee drinker (strictly tea for 30 years) but just tried my first cappuccino and it was fantastic! I always wondered what the big deal was. Now I can't wait to go back tomorrow.This is my favorite coffee. It's the only coffee I make at home. (Order online at lacolombe.com) or stop by one of their locations in Philadelphia or one of many  dining establishments who've discovered that serving great coffee is as important as good food.I started working in the Rittenhouse area about 2 years ago and asked a coworker where i could get coffee. She asked if I liked coffee or if I was a coffee snob.... I'm a coffee snob so naturally she pointed me towards La Colombe. 
I've always had great, fast service at reasonable prices. Whether it's hot coffee, iced coffee or a latte, I'm always satisfied.Their coffee is legit. It's cheaper than the alternatives nearby and the stellar feature they have stall their locations that other coffee shops usually don't have: sparkling water on tapIf your looking for a no frills coffee shop, look no further. This place get the job done!  We ordered 2 black coffee to go and it was satisying.  Minus points for the bathroom, it was grimey and unkept. Come on guys, keep the lavatory sanitary! But your coffee is great!!Great little coffee shop right next to Rittenhouse Square...with no wifi. To me, that's a big deal. I suppose it weeds out the folks who take big tables for themselves and their computers, but the coffee shop shouldn't have to govern that, that's up to basic restaurant etiquette.
Baristas were great and i enjoyed the atmosphere, which was energetic, filled with folks enjoying each others' company. But, Wifi would be nice.I've been coming to La Colombe for ten years, and this place definitely has the best coffee in the city...maybe even the East Coast. The people who work there are totally great, always greeting customers with a smile, even when they're getting mobbed at 8:30am; they don't give off any of the pretension that often goes hand in hand with a place of this caliber. 
Best of all, La Colombe makes wonderfully balanced, traditional coffee and espresso drinks. This place does not make any of that pathetic, Starbucks-style orange mocha frapuccino crap designed for people who hate coffee. La Colombe's skilled baristas and great beans let the coffee speak for itself; they make a few simple drinks, and they do them perfectly. 
If you want wifi and coffee-colored milkshakes, there's a McDonald's down the street.I stopped in this morning to grab a cup of coffee on my way into work. I recently was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease that dictates that I am not allowed to consumer gluten in any capacity, and it's been quite a struggle. I haven't had coffee in a few weeks since I have started this journey, but keeping with my routine now, I had to ask if the coffee contained any gluten. (Sometimes it's hidden in preservatives, or used for flavoring, and it's harmful in any form.) The response I received, "Yeah, there's no bread in our coffee", was rude, inconsiderate, and made me feel about 3 inches tall. Clearly I am aware that there is no bread in your coffee, and perhaps you are not educated enough to understand that sometimes gluten is toxic to certain people and not all people are gluten free due to a diet fad; however, the response was neither warranted, nor what I would expect when paying 2.50 for a normal sized light roast coffee. I apologize if my question, which was regarding my health, was an inconvenience in the morning rush, but because of this statement, I will never return again. Service can make or break a business, and I sincerely hope that a statement like this one is an isolated incident, and that arrogant and inconsiderate statements are not frequently made to paying customers.
However, I must say I usually I enjoy their coffee and selection. I used to get the hot chocolate frequently because it comes unsweetened and you can add sugar, or whatever your preference, to your liking, which for me was awesome! They have a decent selection of beverages, and their pastries always look delicious, but of course I am unable to try any.The whole beans at La Colombe are our favorite ($10/lb), especially the Corsica and the Lyon.  We come at least monthly to replenish our coffee bean stash and to give gifts to our out-of-state family members because they love it so much.  Their lattes are incredibly smooth and creamy with a prounounced coffee flavor and the iced coffees are strong enough for a good bit of cream, just the way I like it.  The only reason I'm taking a star off is because they only have one size and frankly, I could drink 2 of the lattes/iced coffees at a time.  I don't understand the reviewers who complain of the service - every single barista there has been friendly and informed imho.  Highly recommend getting in the long lines (it moves fast, promise) and grabbing some beans or a latte.The thing I miss most about Philadelphia is La Colombe. 
The place is the collaborative effort between Frenchman Jean-Phillipe Iberti and Seattlite Todd Carmichael and so it should be no suprise that it has rapidly become the unchallenged coffee master of the NorthEast. Great croissants from Miele (former pastry chef of Le Bec Fin) as well...Highly recommend the draft latte! Love the amazing and somewhat heavy and creaming tasting! Will definitely come again!Coffee was just ok, nothing special in my opinion. Pastries are very tasty, although both are very overpriced. The person working the counter/taking orders however, was beyond rude. I went in with a friend, and he was so busy flirting or whatever it was too even acknowledge me. He takes her order and then after finally noticing me and taking my order walks away mid transaction to talk to someone else. Very unprofessional! I will not be going back based on this experience.La Colombe is good mostly for the atmosphere. Their espresso is okay but not great, but it is a good spot to do some work and be creative.  It's a bit cliché with the vespa out front, bearded/funky tie wearing baristas, "homeless artists", and Rittenhouse money. Overall it a good spot to hang out, but espresso purists will find better elsewhere.We came here as a convenient meeting spot for our new realtor and it was definitely convenient but perhaps not the best place to be greeted with positivity and welcoming. The baristas could not care less whether we were there or if our beverages were what we were looking for, how our day was... I could go on and on. In true snooty Rittenhouse fashion, I should have expected to be treated terribly but tried to give this place a shot. I typically love La Colombe but will stick to any of their other locations if I want to stay in a good moodGoogle maps called this place "hipster". I am going to call it "international." Great vibe, half the people in line were speaking other languages or accented English. And yes, there was a line...but well worth it.The BEST coffee in Philly! Amazing iced coffee, espresso is amazing. Yes.LOVE. 
Hopefully, you're lucky enough to snag a table.  If you are, cozy up with a friend or a good book.  And don't give up your table unless you are ready to leave!  
The coffee is amazing and the baristas are not only super nice, but very quick.  This place is what I picture when I think of a true coffee house.  It's quirky, super busy and inviting.  
I will walk 20 minutes from my apartment for La Colombe.  Even in the summer because their iced coffee is the best, hands down!Price: 3.5 stars
Location: 4.5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Food/Drink: 4 stars
Service: 3.5 stars
Recommendations:  La Colombe's house coffee blend is delicious, robust, and strong.  Definitely one of the best coffee beans I have tasted.  I use it at home daily.  The drinks and ambiance are unique and top notch; however, the pastries and coffee compliments offered by La Colombe have room for improvement and leave something to be desired.
Overall: 4 starsAmazing atmosphere and amazing coffee. All the hot drinks that have milk come with a heart drawn in them. Everything is also served in gorgeous china cups. I especially like the mocha because, unlike Starbucks or Dunkin or any other mainstream coffee shop, it is NOT sweetened. Just chocolate and espresso. 
There is no wifi, but that makes it better for reading!I adore this café... except for a few insufferable details I find drive me crazy.  The coffee is great, but never really hot.  Luke warm at best.  The café is totally conducive to a great cup of coffee, a croissant and a laptop, get out of the apartment and still get  a little work done but only two of the outlets work and no wifi. What? No wifi?? And lastly, I get that it's a family friendly atmosphere, but please, crying babies and oversized strollers is not my idea of a nice Sunday morning cup o joe.  All and all, it's better for a fast cup than a long stay.... a really amazing fast cup of coffeeI had a really nice experience at this La Colombe location the other day. I have been here many times and the staff is consistently super kind, customer focused, and down for a little chat as you're waiting for your drink. The environment is, like all La Colombe's, classic yet modern, and comfortable. On Memorial Day, the room was absolutely full except for two stools at the bar near the windows. 
I ordered an iced pour over that was delicious but did take about 8 minutes, while my friends espresso was ready, prepared, and finished in about 2 minutes. I will definitely order the iced pour over again but probably only if I'm alone and have more time to kill. I will be back to this location because of its proximity to the park and a lot of restaurants and bars that I love, and because of the quality of the staff.I've only recently allowed myself to begin the conversion to coffee-drinker - but only socially, and it's been a slow process and education, undertaken mostly by sneaking sips from my fiance's cup whenever he orders some. We agreed to meet up with his parents on a Saturday afternoon to catch up over some coffee, and they suggested this La Colombe café location - which was a terrible idea because everyone else in the city shared it! 
The place was packed, no tables available and a line that kept replenishing itself. We were about to leave and *gasp* go to Starbuck's when a very generous man offered us his table. Table acquired, the two men then fetched the caffeine for their lovely ladies ;)
I technically got a lovely green tea to enjoy, but god knows that when I'm offered a sip of different coffee beverages, I can't refuse. The moment my fiance sat down with his cup of coffee, no cream or sugar, I swiftly took a sip and oh is that some smooth brew. His mother couldn't finish her cappuccino, so I was able to get a sip of that as well, which was quite delightful (and had a hint of rosewater to it). La Colombe's coffee is fantastic, so no wonder their café is so popular - this one in particular due to its Rittenhouse location right off of the park. People come here to socialize AND work, so despite having a comfortably sized interior with plenty of tables and chairs, I imagine it's never easy to find a seat, unless you're alone. But the coffee is worth it.great coffee, no bones about it.  pretty old fashioned and simple in their offerings, this is the best cup-a-joe you can get in Philly!Okay, so this place is essentially a mainstay in Rittenhouse square. I almost feel like I don't need to review La Colombe, as everyone is aware of its existence.  I used to go to La Colombe often, before I saw the light of what actual quality coffee tasted like.  So I have this complex opinion about La Colombe, but I think I've kind of seen the light for what it is. 
First off, yes it's inexpensive relatively for okay coffee. But you're trading off the fact that you're not getting great coffee. The coffee itself is nothing to write home about. I'd go without it.  The espresso is good, I usually get a double macchiato or a cappuccino when I go there. I'd say that the place is fairly mechanical, and it will give you the same thing on a consistent basis.
Speaking of consistency, you will always find yourself with a long line and seating is at a premium. You'll find a lot of couples who will be ravenous in the line, send one person to get a seat, while the other waits in line. This is the name of the game, as no one is really respectful enough to wait in line together.  There's a tendency for there to be loud children with their parents, thrashing their strollers back and forth, trying to, simultaneously, annoy the shit out of you by making an obstacle course, quiet their crying child via carelessly rocking the baby without any regard to the actual problem, and keep talking about that new Dior bag that Veronica just could not live without that they just think is trite.
There's a tendency for haughty privileged middle-aged couple to boast about their 401k's loudly in front of you in hope of you hearing how successful their meaningless life is.  If you can't tell, I don't really like the fanbase that La Colombe has.  Let me put it this way:  I'm surprised I haven't seen Mary Kate Olsen talking about her Vera Wang snuggie in this joint.  I've never gotten through an hour at La Colombe without the need of rolling my eyes at some absurdity like this.
I'm always amused that these people that are enthralled by expensive things go to a place where the coffee is mediocre, and could be better somewhere else by just adding a couple of quarters to the price.  I think La Colombe has a certain reputation of being amazing in Philly. I don't understand it though.
It's almost mechanical, where people expect the same cup every day when they go here, and they will get it here. The blend never changes, from what I can tell, and there's nothing truly exciting about La Colombe.  I like their carbonated water machine and almond croissant. That's about as excited as I get about this place.
In summary: If you're a douchebag that's spent all but two of their dollars on a new Michael Kors bag, and you need to go to a place to be around like minded douchebags to display your newly acquired display of "wealth," get a coffee here, and put a bunch of sugar substitute and skim milk in it. You'll fit right in.I had a great time here. Great coffee and really good service. Very good value for the buck. Get a cappuccino and sit on the side high tables and you would forget all your worries. Cappuccino latte and the draft latte are a must to try. I willingly walk 10 blocks from University city just to sip coffee here.Amazing coffee spot near Rittenhouse Square. Friendly staff, great coffee, beautiful atmosphere.
Latte is more milk than coffee so if you prefer a less bitter, more au lait taste, come here. And of course if you simply would like a laid-back old school place to enjoy a coffee and pastries without the craziness that a Starbucks brings, come here. I love the vintage cute cupware & tables: makes the coffee taste even better!
FYI: the few times I have stopped by near closing time, they were handing out pastries.The best espresso on earth. Seriously.. The baristas are artisans - no screaming milk here. They have a nice assortment of treats and they all taste great. Location is nice, lots of seating and non-distracting music. Only downside is NO WiFi.This place looks nice on the inside out, it's very clean, and the staff is friendly. This is the kind of place where you would meet up with someone to catch up. It is very loud which doesn't make it this a good place for studying. The line does get kind of long at times, but only when a rush of people happen to stop in at once. Overall this time was a nice experience, however, I would not go back with plans of studying.Full disclosure: I am from Philadelphia.  I have worked at many different coffee shops that all came from different traditions.  And as you will see if you read my review I don't like La Colombe.  My reason's are not based on grudges and I'm not trying to destroy their business.  I even include some source material in this review.  I dare other yelpers to do the same.  I hope you find my review helpful.  I also encourage people who like coffee to embrace it fully.  Coffee has seemed snobby in the past, but I assure you good coffee isn't.  Look at where the product's coming from: "3rd-world" nations that are typically in civil unrest and usually have to deal with very extreme natural forces (volcanos!).  These farmers are not exactly members of the financial elite.
here goes:
So, I'm a Philadelphian... I was born here... educated here... I grew up in the cafe culture that it has... La Colombe used to rock my world with some milk and sugar.  Then, I went to Portland to visit some family and accidentally discovered Stumptown coffee and my eyes have forever since seen the light.  After a week in Portland, I came back to La Colombe super stoked for espresso.  I noticed the difference immediately.
Here's the deal, La Colombe jumped onto the early 90's coffee band wagon and made an acceptable product for the times.  They were successful in a town that never really had much to claim for coffee, as opposed to the NW, Italy, or the Nordic regions.  Being successful, they never bothered to continue and progress or refine they're product.  Nor their barista's training, which after the farmer and roaster is the last platform in pulling off noticeably incredible coffee.
A lot has happened over the last decades, in coffee.  Todd Carmichael, one of the owners, has been too distracted (crossing the South Pole) and too lazy (http://www.esquire.com/blogs/food-for-men/worst-coffee-trends-060210) to take heed or notice.
And it's easy  to see the latter when you a) check out the coffee, which is bad tasting b) check out the machinery which in my years frequenting his store has NEVER BEEN CLEANED (milk encrusted steam wands) and c) has non-transparent coffee... that is that who knows where the coffee's coming from... which is deceptive and typically a hint that the coffee is grown unethically and crappy.
But hey, the proof is in the pudding.  I encourage all who will read this to check out their website (which mentions coffee that tastes like "exclusive" ..?.. not cocoa or berries or ...ya know, real food); check out their coffee and espresso; does it have a roast date listed? Coffee has a short sweet spot after being roasted... less than a few weeks; are their beans really oily (proof of over-roasting or being too old); see how bad and unsympathetic their baristas are.  Then go to a shop like Ultimo, Spruce Street Espresso, Bodhi, or Capogiro and notice the difference.  The craziest part about the last referenced cafe is that they use La Colombe beans and due to their care for details actually pull a half decent shot of their espresso, despite the odds.
When you care about how a crop is farmed, how it is roasted, and how it is prepared, the product usually tastes better (coors light or yards?).  Also, pretension doesn't equal good product and the great cafes mentioned above don't mix the two.
I also encourage La Colombe to do a better job and give a crap about what they do and serve.  But with owners that are this out of touch and nihilistic, I don't see that happening.  For an interesting critique on Todd Carmichael's bogus article check out Chris Tacey's review.  It's interesting.  http://godshot.blogspot.com/2010/06/thank-you-sir-may-i-have-another.html
Here's to better coffee in a town that's worth getting excited over.After reading the reviews I was expecting full on enjoyment and satisfaction.  What actually happened was something different.  When you first walk into the space it looks pretty cool.  You get closer to the counter and the baristas are spot on friendly and make you feel welcome.  I see the two big espresso makers behind the counter, they look convincingly cool.  I get my cafe mocha in a ceramic mug since I'm planning on grabbing a table and being respectful of the planet.
We eye an empty table and snag it. I look down at my mug and the coffee looks good, a nice finishing touch with the froth. I sip my drink expecting that moment of it's going to be pretty hot, but it's going to be drinkable.  Well...turns out my coffee was not very hot at all, it was a little warmer than room temperature.  That was the first let down.  Then I take another sip, where's the mocha flavor?  The mocha is TOTALLY lacking, almost no sweetness at all to my drink.  When I order from of my usual coffee joints I usually ask for half the amount of mocha.  I don't seek out mocha because I want a drinkable candy bar so it's not that I love it overly sweet.  I just like a hint of mocha, yet this drink, no hint.  In fact you could have told me I was drinking a cappuccino and I would have said you were right.  Big time fail on the cafe mocha guys.  
So, as I am complaining about my drink to my wife I am also noticing the decor.  The incredibly half ass "faux painting\finishing" on the walls.  Seriously. can you please put some money and imagination into what your coffee joint is going to look like.  Sorry, but besides very good customer service this place failed miserably.  One last good thing, the price was very reasonable.  Then again, bland, semi-warm coffee doesn't deserve a high price tag.  
The place was packed though and kept getting more and more packed.  Not sure if the other drinks are just warmer and have flavor or if this area tolerates poor coffee because it's convenient.Great atmosphere, coffee, and pastries. Just a stones throw from one of the many squares/parks in the city.Um, $2 for an iced coffee in CENTER CITY?! Mind blowing, considering the iced coffee is served as a 16oz (I believe?). The iced coffee is brewed perfectly and it's not too acidic/bitter, either. I went for my first time today after seeing the reviews and I'm already sold! 
Honestly, their iced coffee was so balanced and rich that I probably could have drank it without milk and sweetener - that's just how good it was!
Thank you, La Colombe, for making an affordable option to support my caffeine addiction. :)Excellent coffee, lattes, and espressos.  Croissant was perfectly traditional as well.  Love this place.  They seem very dedicated to their product and serving it the way that it should be.  Every cup comes on a saucer with a proper spoon.  Even early the line was long, but moved much more quickly than I've seen at other places.Have come here a couple times and every time I am just not impressed with the service or fancy pants coffee. First time I went to buy coffee for a friend and the girl helping me, while very nice, did not know anything about their coffee, while the roast master or whatever he's called was talking to his girlfriend and drinking his own coffee. If I feel like mediocre way too hot coffee I'll go there again but until that day I'll be going to less pretentious cafés.Quite possibly the best coffee spot in Philly.  Great place to catch up with someone if you aren't feeling a bar. It seems to be always bustling with people but I always manage to find a seat. 
Also the iced coffee comes with a shot of espresso!i came here on a Saturday afternoon to find all the seats full and the place bustling with regulars i'm sure. because it was my first time here i was looking around for a menu and was stumped as to how to order when i was in front of the barista. i shamefully asked her what types of coffees they were offering (because i had a seen signs advertising at least 5 different blends) when she stated if it was coffee i wanted there is only one brew for the day. that made the choice easy. unaware of the kind of blend that i finally got i moved on in the line.
i liked the individualized plate and spoon per customer and the large selection of condiments next to it but i was still utterly confused and unsure of what to do.
now, as a seasoned experienced La Colombe customer I shall walk in with confidence the next time I am in the philadelphia area.I got the black and tan, half black coffee, half draft latte. The coffee is smooth and delicious, and personally I loved the idea of a Black and Tan as usually lattes are too milky for me. The cafe has a homey feel, and no WiFi-- they don't want you staying too long I think! There was a long line when we went, but they're very efficient and move very fast- just a bit crowded.La Colombe is my favorite.  Best coffee around.  Just beware, it's often hard to find a seat in this coffee shop.  Thank God other shops sell the same coffee.Really enjoy their draft latte but was very disappointed when I wanted a pasty and saw sooooo many flies on the pastrys and I mentioned it to the staff who didn't seem to care and said they can't do anything about it... that's just gross. Fix your pastry cabinet so it doesn't end up being filled with flies. Was really disgusted with that.Favorite coffee spot in town. The crew there clearly love what they do, making for a wonderful experience. The espresso scone and cappuccinos are the best. You cannot go wrong with any coffee options, though. I love them all!Delicious espresso!  Tasty cold brew on tap!  Really nice coffee for a chain.  Highly recommended.Taking a star off now because their food service hours have changed...cant get the lunch menu after 2:30...only the grab and go items which are not as good. Also looks like they have majorly scaled back the menu items which is very disappointing. They also need to do something about serving lattes and cappuccinos which are not hot enough. Oh and parking around here has become very difficult...Great coffee and food! This location has a great atmosphere and lots of space to have a good cup of coffee and relax. I had the eggs with biscuit and gravy with a draft latte and it was delicious! There is a lot of seating and the bathrooms were kept clean. Overall the service was great and all 6 of us got our food at a pretty decent time. I will definitely come again next time in in town.Great space. No wifi. Long weekend lines. No coffee menu. Not the best customer service.I'll be back.  I'm sure the biscuits and gravy are an early heart attack waiting to happen.  But soooo worth it.  Delicious. And awesome space as well.Can you say overwhelmed?! 
As a coffee fan I was a bit in awe of the size of this place. 
It's a coffee shop but, on steroids. 
From artisan buns and rolls to coffees and lattes, LA Colombe has a little something for everyone. 
My only suggestion would be for anyone on their first visit, you should stroll up to the counter and take a menu prior to getting in line.  It explains their sizing and flavors so that you aren't looking stuck when it's time to order. 
Drink up!I love the coffee here, but the food is also amazing. I never had anything that I did not like. The sandwiches are amazing- loved the grits with bacon and eggs. And while you're here, pick up a loaf of freshly baked baguette. It does get pretty crowded on weekend mornings, but by about 1 pm Saturday, you're golden.Been making Lacolombe at home for about a year and finally took a ride to the Fishtown Cafe. So glad i did. Food was great and coffee was even better. Had a hand pour Yemen and it was perfect, highly recommended. Wife had a cappuccino with a perfect heart of cream on top. Worth the 45 minute ride from NJ!!!Pros:
Their savory menu is delicious.  The corsica coffee roast is by far my favorite.  
Mediocre:  
Their baked goods are OK.  Sometimes if you don't stand at the counter they forget about your drink order.  However, they are quick to offer a pastry at no charge.  
Con:   
No internet.  Overpriced.My friend and I ordered drinks and they said they would call our name. After 15 minutes, we walk up to the counter to ask for our drinks and the barista said they've been sitting here for a while.....they literally did not call our name or made no effort to look for us (the place is huge). Drinks were not anything special and over priced.I would give zero stars if it I could. This was not an experience at La Colombe but an experience that I had outside my house. It's 5 am on a Monday morning and a generator starts going outside my house. I brush it off and go back to bed. Here at 8 am or so there are 30+ people outside of my house talking and sitting on my steps being rude and loud as well as TWO food trucks (hence the generators). The house next to me has a studio so they must have been shooting something. However it is inexcusable to have that amount of people outside at 8 am being as loud as they were and leaving trash all over my steps and sidewalk. Can't say I will ever go to La Colombe for anything.From the moment you walk in the door this place is top notch. The decor is rustic modern from the door all the way to the amazingly clean bathrooms. There wasn't quite enough seating for those inside but we found a table by the time we had ordered our food at the counter. We had grilled cheese, a belt breakfast sandwich and a French dip. My husband had ordered a coffee which we did have a bit of trouble with (you are supposed to pick up your coffee at the counter when your name is called but they didn't mention that at register and the place was super busy so we didn't even hear). The food was a bit on the pricey side but it was phenomenal. The sandwiches were all on fresh bread and the ingredients were very obviously fresh as well. If I'm ever in philly again, definitely gonna look this place up.Food, drinks, and atomsphere was amazing! Order the Ham and Butter to go along with a cup of latte and it was the perfect match. Even though the sandwich was buttery and full of fatness the latte balanced the taste out. Had to get a chocolate chip cookie snd chocolate sugar cookie to go and that was def the best choice! Along with that I brought home a chocolate bar for $7 and it was totally worth it. 70 percent cacao plus 10 percent coffee bean! Amazing for dark chocolate lover !!I popped in a couple weeks ago for a coffee, and had an amazing dark roast coffee.  Then I found out they distill their own rum, so I had to try that, too... wonderful!  I didn't need food, so I had a brownie... WOW was it amazing.  Just perfect.
I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their menu options.  
As with many of the other reviews, one of the main "pluses" to this place is the incredible atmosphere.  Their coffee and such are out of this world, but it's also sort of an 'event destination' in and of itself.  
The personnel was incredibly friendly, too.  No snobbery or Philly attitude here - just as welcoming and open as one could ever hope for.  The fellow who I assume was the manager for the day, eventually took me on a tour of their test lab upstairs, where they are trying out new things all the time, and where they teach classes on home brewing (of coffee) and latte art.
There is clearly a major passion for coffee here - and for quality service with a smile.
Can't wait to go back!This place has a cool vibe, offers lots of seating and has tasty food. 
But it's a bit pricey considering all of the nearby competition. Despite the great decor, I still get a snooty vibe from the space as well as the staff. 
Cherry on top that will make this my last visit? No wifi. I get that you get faster turnover without offering wifi, but I was also planning on working hear for a few hours and figured I'd revisit the counter at least 2-3 times. 
You have enough appeal to stay in business, but not to keep long lasting customers.I love this La Colombe Cafe! It's so bright and vivid, they also make their own bakery goods in the shop. They also brew rum there too... WHATttttTTTTttTtt!!! Great visit.As a native Phialdelphia, perhaps I should feel some level of shame for ignoring the La Colombe flagship store for this long. I've enjoyed La colombe coffee at shops all around the city, but I have to admit, not many do it as well as these baristas. The latte had a smooth, creamy texture which gave it a chocolate milk-like quality. Shots were pulled to perfection, nothing bitter at all. The grits had a good balance of cheese and the rest of the food offerings sounded equally appetizing. Overall, great experience, it was busy but didn't feel it at all. The only downside is parking, but compared to other areas of the city I consider going around the block a few times to find a spot pretty epic. If you haven't checked it out yet, make some time to venture down to Fishtown and show them some love.Just fantastic! Great service. A queue the DMV should mimic, and treats for everyone. The coffee left me wet and wanting more. I just have to try the whiskey. I loved the decor and the collaboration brew with Yards and Einstock. Just fantastic!The coffee and the environment is great. But the service is terrible in my point of view. The cashier and people who made the coffee are very inpatient. The line is always long and it seems that they don't care if you need a bit extra milk or something.One of those tv places. But pretty good things other than the traditional coffee. Try the house rum.I love this coffee shop in NYC. Whenever I visit Philly, it's the only coffee I would get. This location is huge and it even has lunch/happy hour menu. I like all the coffee on the menu. They are the best!Cool location, lots of room. Friendly staff. Slow service at the register. No table service. Waited in line for skillet for 10 minutes only to be told that the kitchen closed 10 minutes early and wouldn't make them. So hungry, so pissed. Won't be back any time soon.After leaving hungry yesterday due to a miscommunication, (register person said I could order because the kitchen was closing in ten minutes but what he meant to say was that it was opening in ten minutes...), I decided to try again today to give it a fair shot.
The pumpkin scone I had yesterday was ah-ma-zing, fresh baked and still warm!
Today's updated review: Great spot, great coffee, cool staff and drum roll... The biscuits and gravy skillet was delicious albeit a little pricey for 2 eggs and 1 biscuit ($12)-Not atypical of city brunch though. 
I'll be back to try out the other items I'm sure! And the rum!The coffee here is unbelievable. The best tasting coffee I've ever had. This location is definitely worth the visit. It's so cool inside. Such a great place to be on a Saturday or Sunday morning but very busy.Way, way back in the 80s in NYC, they had this chi-chi industrial restaurants who serve little bit of foods.  (And, cocaine.  Hey, the little bit of foods wasn't the point).   What a disappointment this La Colombe.  Coffee, foods and situation were 'ehhh' or 'so-so'.No WiFi??? 
Good coffee, but what coffee shop doesn't have WiFi these days? 
Normally I'd give a company minimum three stars, but that's such a huge thing these days, so don't even feel it's worthy of three.Food is AMAZING and their draft latte is delicious. Love coming here for my husband' birthday breakfast!Such a gorgeous and homey open air space.  Plenty of seating for everyone.  You don't feel cramped like other coffee establishments.  I've never been disappointed with any La Colombe brew.  Easily a top fave in the city.  The pastries are delish, i remember devouring a brownie-like goodie.  The cappuccino was divine.  The husband easily enjoyed their rum.  If you want to impress guests.  This would definitely be a place to bring them to.  BTW, even the bathrooms are gorge.My favorite place in Philly. Great aesthetic. Mind blowing coffee. Don't miss it. Its. Let like the other locations. It looks like a brewery.Crazy hipster but good. The Biscuits & Gravy are amazing and the Black and Tan nitro coffee is some of the best I've ever had...and I'm from Seattle.We did a quick day trip to Philly and needed a spot to grab a coffee. As we walked in, we witnessed other people eating what looked like incredible breakfast. We had to order something to eat to go with our half and half cold brew. The biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs were on point. We even purchased some beans to brew at home. La Colombo is the best!What's there left to say that hasn't already been said? Awesome vibes, the space is huge, friendly people, great coffee. Philly knows how to do it.La Colombe Coffee (Fishtown flagship location) gets 5 stars. I've had (and enjoyed) countless variations of latte with cow milk, oat, almond, soy, rice and pistachio milk ("drink" for sticklers) and the oat milk draft latte made for me today is the best latte I have ever had. Slightly thicker yet smoother and lighter how-did-they-do-that foam can stand up to even the frothiest nitro, but the real magic happens when the first gulp hits your tummy. Serendipitously fun for any espresso lover. This drink isn't for Philly, it's for Sodom & Gomorrah.La Colombe in Fishtown is an uncommon space; a very large, very well designed cafe...though it's hard to simply call it a coffee shop.  They have a great variety of coffee and tea, pastries, and lunch items.  Everything is very well prepared, the service is good, and the room is unlike most coffee venues you'll find.  It's a very large, post-industrial space with soaring ceilings, exposed beams, and an assortment of communal tables, nooks, and other unique seating.  Worth a visit to sample some artisanal coffees, conversation, and people watching on a stretch of constantly evolving Frankford Ave.By the far the most gorgeous coffee shop space I have ever set eyes on. This should be a coffee landmark and must-see for anyone passing through Philly. La Colombe serves solid quality coffee and espresso beverages and have branched out with this magnificent space that also serves a nice variety of pastries, sandwiches, and salads though I stuck with  my usual order: a perfect skim mocha (not too sweet thankfully).
Though it is a big space it was completely full and I was able to find a spot to open up my laptop with a little bit of patience. Sadly, there is no wifi. Service could be a hair friendlier but I am sensing this is the trend when it comes to La Colombe for me.My boss and I went a few weeks after they opened! This place gets very high marks for interior design! It's huge, but it feels even bigger because of the high ceilings and open concept design. I'm glad there's no wifi here, because  it would attract too many laptop warriors, and this is too beautiful of a space to be used in such a way. I got the shrimp and grits, which was good, but a little pricy. And I got some pastries to go which were just bangin'. My boss and I both got a bottle of their specialty rum! It was really good, with a very present and complex coffee flavor to it! If you can put up with the ever present hipster vibe, we'll even if you cant, you should definitely visit this place, top notch!Came here the other day with my cousin. This place is huge! So many places to sit. I got an almond milk latte, which was great, a little foamy and almost a cappuccino but still good. I bought a bag of coffee beans, which was a little steep at $18 but the staff was very friendly and helpful while I was picking out a bag. Wish there was a location in central Jersey that I could frequent!The greatest coffee shop I ever did see!  We were in Philly for the day for a wedding this summer and a friend recommended we try the La Colombe draft lattes.  We wandered in an immediately wished we could transport it back to Seattle with us. Snagged a couple of cans of flavored draft lattes (they had a broad selection) and a nitro oat milk drip coffee. They let us sample the whole milk nitro draft coffee as well, and both were so light and airy...perfect for a warm day. Staff were on point - super friendly but knew the details about their coffee roasting process. We didn't try any pastries, but they looked awesome. Highly recommend!Why I didn't check this place out earlier is beyond me. First thing you are going to notice is that its huge and it is a coffee shop with a brewery feel to it. Second thing most likely you are going to notice is huge line of customer waiting to place an order. They offer all kinds of coffee and cool thing is they have it on tap just like beer. Other things you can purchase are all kinds of breads, pastries,  breakfast, lunch and beer. Yes its a coffee shop that serves beer. This place just hit a jackpot by combining my two favourite worlds into one. Inside decorations and design are amazing. It gives this place a character and its own vibe that cannot be found anywhere else. I love it I love it and will be a regular.I wish this was near where I lived, had to travel to Philly to try the draft latte(since then New York post of La Colombe has draft latte too).
This review is solely on the draft latte. 
It's like a milkshake------
delicious--------
The La Colombe in Fishtown is spacious, high ceilings and very stylish, the tiles has fish on them since its in Fishtown.I drink a lot of coffee, and one upside of that habit is that it has taken me to countless coffee shops all over the place. That being said, La Colombe's space is probably one of the largest and nicest of them all. It's beautiful, inviting, and bright. 
I visited on a bustling Saturday morning, but the line moved quickly and we were in and out in under 10 minutes. After hearing my friend talk about it, I decided to try the draft latte. I also ordered a coconut lemon scone for good measure. 
The latte was truly unique. It's creamy, foamy, and light. It's a cold drink but served without ice--though once I drank about half (and the remaining foam started to liquify) I found that dropping in a couple of ice cubes helped keep the last bit cold.
The scone was also delicious. It tasted very fresh, and had a good balance of sweetness. I love anything with a lemon glaze, and this was no exception. 
I'm already looking forward to my next visit!Lovely place - the warehouse like layout is spacious yet cozy. The cool air-con makes this location a nice respite from the Philly heat and humidity. Their draft coffee is delicious and I recommend the Black and Tan.
The bathroom is also quite large and clean. My next favorite stop after finishing my coffee.oh hey Fishtown, nice coffee shop! this is the swankiest brew house I've seen since Four Barrel in SF with the single drip, cold brew, and standard coffee as well as espresso. And super super yummy baked goods-- I recommend that cheesy bacon bread thing or the super cocoa-y coffee chocolate scone. 
The space is HUGE and thankfully has no wifi or else no one would ever leave. Big barn wood tables and counters leave tons of room for groups. 
Oh, and they have almond milk. :)If only I lived closer to here, I would come here more often to grab a cup of coffee and read or study.  We only got to sample a few of the desserts and everything was really good.  I'd be curious try their other food options.Pretty cool spot to pop by for a bite to eat or a fresh cup of brew. I had been familiar with their coffee (which was served in several local cafes), but hadn't had the occasion to come here yet. We ended up coming here on a Sunday for brunch after seeing that the wait for sit-down brunch spots with table service nearby were at least 1.5 hours!
Even though there was a small line for ordering, it was super fast and we were eating within no time! The menu is not the most extensive perhaps, but there were still quite a few options! I went with the bacon, eggs, and biscuits in gravy and definitely did NOT regret my choice as it was amazing! If you have a very large appetite, however, you might not be full after eating here as portions were quite small. 
Of course, I can't recommend more the coffee here as it is definitely tasty. Such a shame there's no free refills lol. You can get fresh water on tap, with or without carbonation.
Once you place your order, you take a number and seat yourself. Food is brought to your table, but coffee and drinks will be served at the counter top for you to grab.
The atmosphere here is clearly extra hipster, but really cool to look at and fun to just take in. The vibe is chill, and you'll find all kinds of people here. How do they not have free wifi here in 2016 though? Lol.Coffee. Beer. Cocktails. Sparkling water on tap. 
Please, for the love of God, come here.The decor is awesome! Some of the breads are ok. The experience is garbage. 
I went here on a rainy Monday. I walked up to the counter where there were 5 people working. It took a full 2min for someone to ask me what I wanted. "Large black coffee please." The young lady asked what kind and gestured to a sign next to the register. "The first one is fine" After another 2min of me standing there with my wallet open, one of the other women told me I could pick up my coffee on the other side. I stood there for almost 5min then decided to put my jacket down. Set-up my laptop. Get my note pad out. I went back for my coffee and it still wasn't ready. I went back to my laptop and tried to sign into the wifi. My coffee was now ready (almost 20min from when I arrived and only one other person got coffee in that time) and I asked for the wifi log in. I was told that they do not have wifi. As I handed my coffee back to the girls and asked for a to go cup, one came around the counter as I was packing my things and- I kid you not- said to me,
"If you have a second, I will explain why we don't have wifi. We want you to be in the moment when you are here"
I left, took my first sip of coffee, then walked into Lola bean. I asked the nice man there to throw away the over roasted battery acid I just tasted, and settled in with a good cup of coffee and got my work done. 
If the "moment" you are looking for is pretension, poor service and horrible coffee- this is the place for you. But it sure is a pretty space. Kudos to the designer.Oh man, this place is simply gorgeous. I headed over to Fishtown today specifically to grab a coffee and study here because of how nice the interior is. Old wood and white tile scream my name. Couple that with lots of space and nice music overhead, and you've made me fall in love. 
Besides enjoying the decor, I also grabbed a latte and some greek yogurt. The latte was pretty good and satisfied my caffeine cravings. The yogurt was delicious--vanilla greek yogurt with a pistachio granola and a little honey drizzled on top. Yum! 
I'm definitely coming back here (my new study-go-to spot?!), but next time I'll come with more of an appetite and will grab some solid food.Really nice atmosphere, and my husband loves the coffee and bread -- so hey, I guess that's what makes the place.
It's a little too overpriced for my tastes, and the cashier guy turned me off because he didn't give me a receipt, and when I asked for one, he ignored me and went on to the next customer.THE FOOD 
THE DRINKS
THE AMBIENCE 
WHERE DO I START!
Amazing staff
Amazing mix up on drinks
Amazing food 
A great to place to kill a few hours and do your thing
Will be back here again 
Just go visit this awesome place!!!!Such a beautiful place to have a coffee and some light lunch.i got pizza with pepperoni and honey and latte for drink.everything was delicious .not too loud not too quite inside,so I felt myself comfortable there doing my deals.recommended.Such a cool place. The place is really big but also stays busy. They make the best coffee/espresso drinks and bake fresh bread on site in a brick oven stove. They also have a robust food menu so you can totally stop in for  breakfast/lunch. I highly recommend checking this place out.Wow. Rum, coffee, baguettes, pastries, and soooo much space. I'm going to be here a lot.This appears to be coffee motherland for the caffeine fiends, and I enjoyed my experience. La Colombe is a huge cafe with that homey/warm feel to it. The place does get crowded, especially on a weekend, so be patient when arriving. I got an iced coffee and had to get a warm cinnamon roll since they looked so delicious. They have a good amount of space to have a seat to enjoy your coffee or to get some work done.
Their iced coffee has to be some of the best I have ever tasted. It was a great pick me up since I had a long day at the Fishtown Festival. The cinnamon bun was such a sweet and gooey treat. It was even better that it was sitting on a hot skillet. I was truly awe struck by the coffee distillery in the back, and it shows how much effort they put in their coffee. This is definitely one of the best cafes in Fishtown, and I would be here everyday if I lived in the area!Meh. La Colombe's reputation for good coffee is well deserved. The drinks, food, and ambiance at the Fishtown location don't disappoint. But the service was crap. It would be nice if someone actually looked at a customer when taking an order (instead of rudely talking to coworkers and making hand gestures that customers are supposed to understand). This  would also help them to a) keep track of the order of persons in line, and b) hand wads of change to the right customer (as nice as it was to have someone give me change for a 20, it didn't belong to me!). I'm much less inclined to patronize a place where it is clear my business is not appreciated, no matter how good it is. Let's get it together, La Colombe!Beautiful spot but my one criticism is that there is no outdoor seating. I'm sure they have a rational explanation but it would be 10 times better if it did.If I lived in Philly I would want to live near La Colombe and come here everyday for coffee, people watching, the bread, and to hang out. I live in NYC now, and would welcome one on my corner. 
I love how massive this space is. It's gorgeous! 
My hemp milk cappuccino was delish (though I would never have thought to use hemp in a vegan cappuccino). I also went crazy for the freshly baked bread. Especially the fig hazelnut. 
Thankfully my friend lives nearby, so next time I'm in Philly I can hang out at La Colombe again :)UPDATE: come here for brunch - get the French toast - it's the best I've ever had. It's thick, soft, buttery; everything my French toast dreams are made of. I also tried the Croque Madame, and it was equally incredible. The service is quick, and the food is delicious. It's a crazy good value for a casual brunch. 
Per usual, the staff is amazing and the draft latte is still the most amazing creation. 
I'm in LAAAVE with LA COLOMBE.Cozy , wooden interior super high ceilings had
Latte and it was very good , cafe is super big ,Great place. Breakfast was different and very good. 
Really a neat place. I wish they had these throughout the country. The breakfast was served on a "plank" and tasted great. 
They have a run distillation on the premise and I hope next time I can try some rum.Father's Day visit with my oldest today - started out with coffee, cookies, and a scone.  Had to wait for my ham & butter sandwich.  Place was packed, but for some reason hot food was not available for lunch...odd that this could actually happen on Father's Day or any 'normal' Sunday.  Regardless, the place is cool and the coffee damn good so I didn't see anyone 'leaving' despite the lack of food.  Will be back when life permits.Extremely spacious spot with high ceilings, wooden tables, and seating in the back to watch people bake La colombe's goodies in the back. My boyfriend loved the corsica drip coffee here and he typically isn't a big coffee person. I took a sip of it myself and liked how it was strong but not acidic. My latte had pretty latte art and was very smooth to drink. 
I love their extensive menu that caters to a breakfast/brunch palate and includes a variety of baked goods. I had a coconut lemon scone and it was the perfect amount for me for breakfast. The bread flight is definitely made for 2+ people and the three types of bread were different enough and delicious all the same. The BLT sandwich my boyfriend had ordered was a little dense on the bread side, but was a brolic sandwich for lunch. There are plenty of La Colombe's in NYC, but I guess since rent is expensive in the city, they can't quite be as extravagant as the la colombe in philly :(.This location is where you want to go if you want to show off Philly. I love how spacious it is and it invites you to grab a friend, have some cappuccinos and croissants. I love their cold brews too!Basically the biggest and most beautiful la colombe that I have ever seen!!!
My sister is a huge fan of la colombe and was super excited when we found this place. It's essentially a giant cafe/bakery/coffee shop all rolled into one. I didn't get a chance to try anything but the coffee but everything certainly looked tasty so there's that! The space here is beautiful and there is ample seating throughout. We stuck around only to finish our drinks and talk but there were a lot of people who have their laptops out here doing work. If I lived in Philly I would probably be here all the time...
I got a draft latte which was wonderful! It's creamy and foamy and dreamy! The staff here are also super nice! I was just asking someone what the draft latte was and then next thing I knew the barista handed me a sample! It was super yum. 
Overall this is a super cute place with delicious coffee. If you love la colombe you should definitely check it outMy daughter and I headed over to the new La Colombe HQ on a Sunday Afternoon. The new store is right on Frankford Ave in Fishtown.
This La Colombe is a lot different then the two Center City locations. First, the building is large, bright and open. There is plentiful seating and this location serves a decent variety of food. Customers order their food at the bar/register, there is not a waiter/waitress which is fine. They do have a menu of the food items and the sweets are on display also. This La Colombe, as with the other Philly locations, does not have a menu for coffee. They have all the basics but they don't have the flavored coffees and syrups, which in my opinion is a good thing. La Colombe coffee is fine how it is. They do have a take on Vietnamese Ice Coffee which I was unaware. This was excellent without being overly sweet. The rich coffee taste really came through. Hot coffee for dine-in is served in a ceramic cup and saucer.
I highly recommend any La Colombe. Their coffee is great and they are a local company to boot. Watch Dangerous Grounds on the travel channel to get an idea how La Colombe feels about their coffee. The show is pretty cool.Shame on me for assuming a coffee house would provide wifi as a courtesy add-on with the $4 cappuccino. It's 2017. Come on La Colombe, get with the program. I get maybe you're looking to keep seats turning over for new customers but those who want to linger have hotspots anyway so it defeats the purpose a bit (assuming I'm on point in the first place). I guess I know for next time? The coffee was good but the wifi thing is really irking me.Stunning spot!  Stopped in last night for a quick peek at this new spot and boy was I impressed!  Ordered a glass of their rum on the rocks which was lovely and it was happy hour!  $3.00 for a very smooth full bodied rum.
I only ate a prosciutto biscuit but it was divine.
Can't wait to head back!Boutique food that is worth the higher price. And don't forget the Different Drum! Be patient, you will find on-street parking. Then, a short walk to great food and atmosphere.It's beautiful. Truly a design wonder. But I'm just not cool enough to be here. 
So impressed. This place makes me feel shitty about everything in my life. My outfit. My apartment. My computer. I left with a coffee in a superior take out cup (I'm serious - even the lid was some design i'd never seen before) and I feel so frumpy and inadequate. At least I'm caffeinated.As far as coffee shops go, this one is worth going out of your way for. An absolutely huge interior with lots of natural light and enough to look at for hours. 
You'll want to try a draft latte or a cappuccino! And their food is not to be understated.I've been here a few times and while their atmosphere is cool and hipster, their coffee isn't anything out of the ordinary good. It's decent coffee that may be a little overly hyped. I do love the wide, open space though.. I just wish their coffee lived up to the name and the prices.Absolutely love coming to La Colombe. The atmosphere is chill, nice ambient indie music playing (I know that sounds sarcastic, but I promise I am being genuine).
I don't tend to write about these sorts of things because I'm terrible and don't know how to arrange shapes and colors in a pleasing way, but the lighting really made me calm. I wish I lived in Fishtown because I'd probably be done with my dissertation as I would be here all the time working on it. 
Oh, you probably want to know what I ordered:
Biscuits and Gravy
Bacon, egg, cheese
Yeah. They were good.Pretty good porcetta sandwich and above average house coffee. The house coffee reminded me too much of Starbucks. I will pass on the house coffee next time and move to one of the specialty coffees. The porcetta sauce and bread were awesome. The actual porcetta meat was dry and bland. I've had better from a Philly food truck. It's definitely a hipster joint. Pretty nice place overall but not a fine diner.This La Colombe is their flagship store so its super spacious and has a very cool design thats quite different from the other stores. This one serves cocktails, pastries, and a even full meals. Like the other stores however, this one also does not have Wifi nor is it that great to do work on your laptop because theres almost no outlets anywhere. The store does give off a rustic feel and even has some cool seating areas where you can enjoy your coffee and have a conversation with a friend.This new location is absolutely beautiful and provides a coffee shop experience like I've never had before!  My boyfriend and I came here and it was our first La Colombe experience.  Ordering can be slightly confusing, because there is no coffee menu and the line was pretty long.  We both ordered cappuccinos and we split a chicken salad sandwich.  Everything was delicious and the coffee was absolutely perfect.  The only complaint I have would be the lack of menu, but other than that, there is plenty of seating and the inside of this new location is absolutely beautiful and unique.  I love it!I went here for the first time and expected greatness. The second you step in you feel as if you're in a legit cafe, and therefore gain high expectations. However, I was disappointed, and would've most likely felt the same even without any expectations. 
I'm an avid coffee drinker and drink it mostly in black.. So I'm able to tolerate quite a bit of bitterness. However, the mocha latte I got was unbearably dry and bitter--I couldn't taste anything else. 
I feel as if they try to make up for their bad coffee and mediocre food with their gorgeous interior, but it was a really disappointing experience overall. 
Their menu, coffee, and service (standing and waiting in front of the counter for a coffee for TEN+ minutes), for lack of a better word, sucked.Came here on a very busy Saturday morning and as I stood in line I thought "if I was the owner I would be proud of this" great environment. Every barista had a smile on their face and seems to be genuinely enjoying themselves despite the mass of people. Not to mention the coffee and bacon egg and cheese is incredibleI decided to come back here again with a friend of mine.  We ordered the biscuit and gravy.  I was  truly disappointed in the dish.  It did not taste exactly like the way i've remembered it the first time I had it.  It lacks flavor.Stopped by for a coffee and breakfast and fell in love with this location! Coffee is fantastic as usual! They have a full food menu as well! I had the croquet madam which was good! My friends had the grilled cheese and the pancake. The pancake was absolutely amazing!!! The interior is so cute and pleasant to sit in. Can't wait to be back next time I'm visiting Philly!It's an impressive space but I'm disappointed that they don't have a soy option for lattes and they don't have any vegan treats. There are also slim vegetarian options on the food menu.
The only non-milk option they offer is almond milk. I was told they don't offer soy "because people are concerned about the hormones." I think that's a weak response because people continue to eat plenty of soy products, it's all about moderation. Why not let the customer decide for themselves? 
Vegetarian/vegan options aside, it's an amazing space and the staff is super friendly. I love the Steve Powers mural inside. 
I wish I could whole-heartedly embrace this place, but the limited options leave me with reservations.I drive all the way from roxborough at least once a week to get coffee and study here. They have the best drip coffee in town and I'm a huge fan of their french drip sandwiches. Coffee is cheaper than starbucks, which doesn't hurt. This place also makes for some great people watching. Come early on weekends if you want a table.I am a huge fan of La Colombe coffee. I've been to this location in Fishtown as well as the one by City Hall, and their coffee/latte has been on point every single time!
The Fishtown location is spacious with their high ceilings and roomy cafe. A lot of seating is available, but it fills up quickly as this is a popular coffee shop for locals and visitors. This location offers more than just your typical coffee shop; they also offer alcoholic beverages (which I haven't tried yet) along with pastries, salads, sandwiches, and other goodies! From what I remember, though I could be wrong, I don't think the one by City Hall offers anything beyond coffee and pastries. I do hope to visit this place again soon so I can try their other stuff.
The biggest downfall about both La Colombe stores is that they do not have public/free wifi, which is the biggest reason I give this place four out of five stars. But if you do not need wifi, it's a great place to meet up for brunch or catch up over a cup of coffee or do some work that doesn't require internet. Also, parking can be hard to find and when it is not unlimited parking, it is usually up to 2 hours before having to relocate your car.I've been to other locations before in Chicago and Boston but going to this one in Fishtown is a whole different experience! A little bit of a wait to order and find a seat if you're with a larger group, but it was fun to walk around and see the decor. Definitely try the biscuit and gravy and mudslide cookie.I love la colombe. Probably because the coffee is so good. It's strong and dark and flavorful. I would have to say I like it more than Starbucks. This coffee shop in fish town is very pretty, has an open space and plenty of space to just hang out and drink coffee. I also like that they serve cheese and alcohol. The fact that I would try to run here and risk being late to work, though it is farther to me than Steap and Grind (right around the corner), speaks volumes to how much I enjoy their coffee.We came to try the food, but were disappointed to find out that they were "between menus."  I don't really know that means. 
I like La Colombe's coffee, and I was very excited to try this trend of draught coffee (or at least in this case a draught latte).  The latte was thick, cold, and creamy.  I am interested in seeing how the draught system works for coffee without the use of cream.  There was also ice in the coffee, I think the texture of the drink would work better if served cold, without ice in the glass.
It is very spacious, lots of seating and some large tables.  Lots of wood.
The service was less than friendly, but efficient enough.Came here for breakfast while exploring Philly on the weekend with my husband. While being a foodie, I was researching where to eat and drink all weekend and this place was a must for coffee. We ended up having a pour over and a macchiato with French toast. French toast was averagely good while the pour over won over the macchiato. The interior is really neat, but parking is such a buzzkill. However they have cool shops nearby.I called the draft latte a black and mild the cashier laughed at me sparkling water on tapExcellent spot. Had the grits and eggs which were delicious. Everything from the customer service to the presentation and ambiance were on point.the first reaction by looking at the place and menu was "this coffee place that serves rum?". lol.. but it was good. 
LOVED the ambience. huge space.
coffee was nice. don't remember what I ordered but it was good.
the baristas were friendly and were answering all the questions in calm and detailed manner.La Colombe is caffeinated perfection at every location! The Fishtown spot just might be the most enjoyable location of all the Philly Colombe's. It is a wonderful open space, with a very cool atmosphere and friendly staff. Unfortunately the building is extremely drafty, and they did not seem to have the heat on (on one of the coldest days of the year). My friends and I eventually had to cut our stay short because it was SO cold. Love to get coffee but shouldn't have to wear my coat the whole time.....I'll give them 3 stars for now. I realize it's a new place needs a little bit of work. Girl at the counter could smile more. No condiments. No salt, pepper or sriracha. The concept is refreshing. Just needs some fine tuning. I ordered the biscuits and gravy and coffee.  How do you go about refills? Do you go up and ask or do they come to you. Wasn't clarified lol. My meal could've used more seasoning. I ordered some bakery goods and they were quite tasty. Take out utensils are self serve which is a plus. I'll try them again in a couple of weeks to a month to see if the review is worth upgrading.Every time I am in the area I get so excited that I can stop here & treat myself.  The staff are nice & always smiling. My favorite drink lately has been the Pure Black & Tan. The Draft Latte is so thick & the Pure Black cold-brew adds to the rich flavor. Also, they have the best blueberry muffins.
The cafe itself is airy with plentiful seating; a nice place to catch up on a little work provided you have your own wifi.I just tried the Draft Latte and it was just as good as I expected. Without the need for sugar, it was sweet enough, creamy and blended perfectly with the espresso.The interior, decor, and ambience alone should make this place five stars.  As opposed to starbucks, where I feel like I might have a seizure at any given moment, this place is spacious, hipsterly opulent, aesthetically pleasing.  Wifi would make it the perfect place to get work done, but consequently, might lead to the work-at-homes to move in permanently.  Even still, this is definitely going to be a place I go to grab a cup and enjoy with good friends.
I was underwhelmed with the espresso that I ordered.  It was made promptly, and likely would be pleasing to those with less underdeveloped palates like mine.  I, however, have to call a spade a spade, and note that it was more vinegarry-sour than bitter.  I imagine I probably should try to order something more straightforwards next time, and not the most exotic espresso I could find on the menu.  I did try a bit of my gf's iced drink, which was delicious.  Had I not just ordered food down the street, I definitely would've tried some of the cuisine they had out.  Was definitely intrigued.
Want to complain about the pricing, but it's comparable to other crappy chains, and so in the end, it's not overpriced... Just hard to convince myself to spend the money when I have nice beans at home.Like lots of others have said, this place is gorgeous! Plus they have cold brew and cold latte on tap -- try the black & tan, which is a mixture of the two, and total heaven. Food is pricey and pretty pretentious (breakfast: smoked salmon on little bread rounds, grits in a bowl on a bowl-shaped cork board on a plate), but also really delicious. No wifi, which could be good or bad: don't come here to (finally) unsubscribe from all those junk email lists, do come here to get some offline work done or chat with a friend. Lastly, this place is great for people-watching: everything from hipsters to awkward new parents to interviews for outside businesses to walk-of-shame stop-offs. It's fun and worth a visit.This is my happy place. Draft latte is amazing! I recommend getting a Black & Tan (half draft latte, half cold brew). Great atmosphere, great people, and there's a full menu. Go at happy hour for half price drinks (yes, they also serve alcohol and it's amazing).As you can see from the photos, this shop is beautiful.  If I lived nearby, I would go to this location daily.  I often make it out on the weekend, though.  The cold brew nitrogen tank coffee drinks are the best coffee drinks I've ever had.  So smooth and delicious!  One of these days, I need to try their rum.  Pretzels are not traditional but very good...if you get a fresh one.  Cashiers are very nice, too.I am not really into coffee, usually I get it iced or add a lot of milk to it, but this place changed my mind as I actually had THE BEST coffee I have ever had. It has such an interesting taste that it reminded me of tea. I want to try all of their other specialty varieties. The space, ambiance, and everything right down to the serving ware is very comfortable and inviting. I did try to come here twice to try the food unsuccessfully - on the first weekend day and then weekday I came, they only served the full menu until 4pm (on one of those occasions I did get an excellent cheese plate). finally I got to try the food and it's delicious! highly recommend the french onion soup on toast and the beet salad. Glad to have this in the neighborhood!Loved the ambiance! Service was great. French dip was delicious as were the hot lattes :)I am definitely a fan of La Colombe. Their batch brew coffee is excellent and I absolutely LOVE their pistachio cookies. I do not appreciate how their pour over coffee is $6! I want to try it eventually but for a cup of coffee, that seems too much. I am not an expert however. I also was a little annoyed that they had like 15 people working but it took almost 10 minutes to get to the front of the line. They seemed somewhat disorganized. I will definitely return to La Columbe but maybe pick a less busy time.Excellent biscuits and gravy. Try them.  Good coffee (I'm not much of a coffee drinker but it was the best I've had in a long time). Very nice interior (check the photos). Fast service. Large and clean restroom (semi hidden by a nice iron shelving unit containing fire wood and wooden barrels). If you're in the neighborhood, definitely check them out.Went in and probably hit a good time. There was a line, but wasn't too long. Just a few minutes later and it was getting crazy though. Had an iced mocha, great coffee! It was rich, but not sweetened. They have different sweetener options so you can get it just like you want. I'd like to give the food a try sometime. Delicious.The infamous La Colombe, Frankford Ave...I want to give this barn like palace five stars but I just can't. Let's talk about the good stuff first... 
The artsy Fishtown location feels dominating and towering inside, like a large night club, but guess what? It works phenomenally for coffee and spirits! It's a breath of fresh air, compared to the average miniature coffee shop. 
After eating a chocolate chip muffin I decided to rob the place. I went to the counter and said, "Put all the pastries in my bag", "and put whatever doesn't fit, in your organic cardboard boxes". They stared. I frowned. Back to my seat. Yes, they are that good. 
I'm always impressed by the coffee selections, they live up to the unique descriptions. The fact that you can also get coffee been brewed beer adds a bit of fun and creativity to the menu. 
Feel free to skate around this palace and gauk at shiney espresso machines and beefy beer distillation machines... fancy-shmancy glam. You will find yourself surrounded by gigantic wooden doors, and bakers-a-bakin, I feel like I'm watching an Amish farm operate sometimes. It's very interesting. 
So far, so gooood... but then, disaster strikes.... 
LA COLOMBE HATES WHIPPED CREAM... 
They don't have this heavenly coffee balancing foam anywhere in the vaccinity. I thought to myself, are they a cult? What's going on!? I had to double check my surroundings, as I tripped over a little bit, I had to make sure I wasn't accidentally inducted in. I almost cried when I discovered this. I begged them for an alternative. Creme fresh? I don't know.. You can't mess with one of the best things to happen to my mouth since, ever. You might be the new coffee mob boss on the block, Godfather Colombe, but you can't mess with the Diety of the whipped! You're a whipped cream athiest. But I still accept you.. 
Ok, so I'll forgive you (cringing) for that. But should I get over the fact that your baristas seem like they are best friends Juno? I'm not the only one who feels like this btw. Every time I visit I feel like I'm being taken care of by a mr. or mrs. hipster neutrality. I noticed some batistas smile, but no one seems that cheerful. Maybe they need some whipped cream? But overall all the workers seem cool and smart! The waiters are the nicest of the bunch. The solution for more smiles= whipped cream. 
The seating looks great, and most of it is designed comfortably (even though you will only find solid wood for your tush..) but I miss a comfy couch or chair to study on. Comfort is half the reason I visit a coffee shop. It's still here. The rocking chair area is very comfy. Just no padding for the tush... The Amish nod. Did the owner grow up sleeping on a wooden bed? 
Honestly La Colombe is half in the 3 star zone, but makes up for it by going overboard into the 5 star zone, with great coffee and more. So that puts us at 4 stars. It's a mixed feeling kind of place, a fancy palace to take your out of town friends. It's already filled with touristy flockers. It's exciting but different. 
Thanks for the great coffee.GOIN FOR THE DRAUGHT
a short poem
black and tan latte 
run into peeps you slept with
butternut squash sconeBiscuits and Gravy here are phenomenal. They come sizzling in a cast iron skillet, and the bacon is great.Reviewing cappuccino only. ...... I know this one opened recently but the cappuccino is not as good as the one by The Ritz.  Bitter not enough milk and temperature was too hot.  I would love if this got fixed because its a beautiful space.Gorgeous location, very spacious. Never have had problems finding seating except Saturday when the brunch crowd rolls in. The coffee is just above average, but the baked goods are out of this world! Try a biscuit or scone - you won't be disappointed!! 
Also of note, no wifi. It's supposed to be a place where you can connect with your neighbors! So unplug, eat a biscuit, and make some friends.Specialty coffee should be getting more accessible - not the other way around but with the staff here, you'd think they discovered the pour over and you just walked in from another planet. 
The coffee is great, the space is a cathedral but the people? Pretentious and unhelpful.Biscuits and gravy is all I can think about when I think of this place.  It's so addictingly good! 
If I live closer,  I'll probably stop by here ever other day to get that dish!Pro's:
- Absolutely beautiful inside
- Hazelnut fig bread is chock full of figs and hazelnuts - delicious!
- Could not have asked for a fresher cup of coffee
Cons:
- People come and hang out for a very long time, on more than one Saturday I have waited around for over 30 mins to get a seat before giving up, and even people with nothing in front of them just stay seated reading or talking with friends which is so rude when there are so many people in line who want to eat or drink "in" and must take their items to go b/c people want to lounge here for hours at a time. You actually see people all the time just wandering around inside looking to sit down with their stuff yet no one moves. I don't know how, but this place needs to find a way to put some kind of limit on how long you can sit at a table. If your at the counter that's one thing I guess but come on folks, make room for others.
- The baristas have zero interest in being friendly, you are there and they could care less to smile or offer friendly suggestions, etc. They take your order and move on, no thank you, no have a nice day.  I get that hipsters are all tortured souls who generally want to discuss the terrible injustices of this world in their tight jeans, flannel shirts and boots but come on, your in retail - FAKE IT like the rest of us had to or get a job somehwere else but this is the fault of the mgmt team.
- the pastries, I have given this place a few chances now to wow me in the pastry dept but nope, hasn't happened.  I've tried their scones (dry and not flavorful), their muffins all have crumble on top, how about some variation??? 
- I know that La Colombe prides themself on legit good coffee but when you get into the latte and cappuccino realm please add flavored syrup to the mix as an option.  Plenty of organic coffee shops in the city make their own (Plenty on Passyunk as an example), even if you just offered vanilla which is nothing but vanilla beans steeped in simple syrup, people would be very appreciative, trust me.
- I have been in line plenty of times where people were confused about how to order their coffee, maybe something hung up would help them so that it's less confusing.Places like this make Philly a world class city. Very hip. Cold brew on draft. Food is very good. Baked goods off the hook. Pretty moms with there kids and neighbors working on the computer. They have a distillery and make excellent rum. From the outside you would never know. If I lived around there I would stop every day.The food, design and vibe is great.  But while they have a very hip sign about everyone in the world deserving clean water, they don't feel the same way about the internet. The location is a dead zone for AT&T and there is no free wifi.  Only customers with a Comcast account can get online.  Pretty stupid.La Colombe is hands down my favorite coffee, I actually serve La Colombe's Nizza Espresso at my own coffeeshop. This is such a beautiful coffeeshop in a great location. I haven't had any of their food, but their menu is very lovely. Relaxing atmosphere, very friendly staff, and I have never met the owner however they did a great job at creating a place like this. Best spot in the city.It's always a 5 star experience at this location. Not only is it the biggest location in the city but perfect if you're stopping by with a group or want an intimate spot on a breakfast/late night date. The staff at this location always brighten your morning. If you've never been here make sure to try the Draft Latte as your first drink. 
Don't plan on coming here if you're trying to get work done (no wifi!)
If you're truly looking for a different experience make sure to stop by here for the Weekend Night Menu! They offer 3 different pizzas, hummus platter, chefs salad and plenty of delicious desserts in addition to their beer, night cocktails, boozy coffee drinks.This is everything a cafe should be:
Spacious, comfortable, pleasant baristas who probably don't intentionally misspell your name. And without the "I will take what's mine with fire and blood" smoldering patrons of the ubiquitous coffee shop that shall not be named. 
Plus, the food is fantastic, though full disclosure, I've only ever ordered one item, the artisanal meatball hot pocket, which is exactly what you want it to be, right down to the lava-hot innards (lawsuit pending). 
I will be going back, minus half of my tongue and most of the protective mucus membrane in my mouth.I have been faithfully coming to this La Colombe every weekend for 3 years. This weekend, my order was rung up incorrectly and instead of comping the $3 cinnamon bun, I was told I needed to stand in line and order another one as the rest of our breakfast got cold. Disappointed doesn't begin to describe how I feel. Absolutely no customer loyalty. Looks like I'll be going to Steep and Grind down the street. next weekend.Love the ambience.  Love the coffee served with a distinct design.  Great place to meet, hang and get a bite to eat.This is probably one if the most unique cafes I've been to. The coffee and the food is fantastic . The wide open space creates a calming environment and the service is great. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they don't have Wi-Fi! What type of cafe doesn't have Wi-Fi??!LA Colombe is everything! I came here for the amazing coffee, but everything I've had here has been amazing. They have reasonable prices, much cheaper than you would expect for the quality, and their food servings are huge. The pizza is actually very good, and it comes with two slices. The baked goods are amazing, and the french toast is massive thick cut slices of soft bread. Really the best thing here is the draught latte, is so good and there's no sugar, just coffee and cream. They even stay open late and serve alcohol, including rum they distill themselves. This is my favorite place in philly, by far.Love this location for its delicious food offerings and I LOVE what they've done with the place. This cafe is enormous and absolutely gorgeous. We ordered a bowl of grits with bacon and egg, along with the biscuits and gravy. Everything was so savory and plentiful, and unbelievably rich. I hope to come back soon and grab a pastry, as well. If it were later in the day, I would have loved to grab a cocktail or beer and enjoy a good book or get some work done. Although there is room for many people, it is surprisingly quiet and calm here and I can envision myself being very productive over some unbeatable La Colombe coffee.The best coffee I have ever tasted! Such a cool vibe too. Went on a Sunday morning and the line was very long but the workers were so nice and of course the coffee was amazing. It's expensive but def worth it!I mean this place is beautiful and huge, how else would you describe it, the wait was definitely worth it. The staff is friendly and very helpful with letting you know what's available and how things work coffee wise if it's your first time there which was the case with us. We got a few cups of coffee and come muffins and scones since we were too early to take advantage of the sandwiches and small plates. The muffins and scones are awesome and the coffee is legit, I would expect anything else here. The atmosphere is relaxing and bright and honestly I can't wait to go back to try some of the other food, maybe this weekend.Let's begin to say that I am usually a starbucks girl because of the many different choices of coffee one can get. When I went to La Colombe, I didn't really know how to order ( Just like if I were to step in Dunkin), but the person in the front is always helpful. I usually say, I drink dark roast, so pretty much need the resemblance of that lol Secondly, they have sweetened condensed milk which is the next thing to sweetened creamer.
Overall, that is some GOOD coffee! I definitely have been  back multiple times. I also had the grits and cheese with an egg on top, the absolute best combo ever and its so good and creamy! The grits were cooked to perfection and egg wasn't too runny.Stopped in here to do some work and checked this place out since my friend lived nearby.  So the unique thing about this coffee shop is that it has no wifi, this could be a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it.  They want to promote conversations; however, with access to a cellphone, I've seen people just staring at their phone rather than having conversations.  Well, either way, it's a good idea.  
Once you step in, this is seriously a huge coffee shop with high ceilings and a lot of open space.  The back room was where I sat, facing a huge brew type giant machine and behind me was a bunch of wooden barrels (love the decor).  They serve bakery and lunch as well as coffee and specialty coffee.  There are some standing tables, picnic style bench top tables, and regular seats and tables as well.  
It was practically a full house on a saturday afternoon.  This place is definitely good for hangout and catching up with friends for a good chat.  However as for doing some work, not so much since there are no wifi (unless you just read or do work off the network) but either way, it's too loud and too big of a place to try to get anything done with all the distractions going on.  I only tried that hot coffee, which wasn't too bad, would definitely want to try some cappuccino next time I stop in and maybe their lunch because it does look really good.If I lived in Philadelphia, I would live in this coffee shop.
Gorgeous interior space, grade-A people watching, and exceptional food. It is not cheap, but it is worth it. I ordered vanilla rooibos iced tea, a chocolate sugar cookie (which, at only $1, was the bargain of the meal,) and a porchetta sandwich (amazing bread, generously portioned, generally flawless.) Waitstaff was extremely friendly, efficient, and pretty dang hip, a trifecta that I wish I saw more often. Really lovely place!Didn't know these guys started in philly! Stopped by for breakfast and had a great cup of coffee and the baked oatmeal. The oatmeal was good, but a little sweet. Could have done without the powdered sugar. Hearty and filling though. Really cool space with tons of seating and a big food menu.
Edit 6/2018: the breakfast sandwiches are amazing!!! I had the BELT. So good.Place is beautiful, coffee excellent, and Greek yogurt was awesome. I could have gone without the smug cashier/order taker.  Clearly saw we were the only people in line (made eye contact) and Didn't acknowledge us until he was done conversing with his coworker.  10/17 morning around 10am. Would have given 5 stars if not for poor service.This place is just awesome. You just need to come check it out. It's beautiful, has great coffees and teas, cutting edge menu, open late (thank God!!!) and yes, the rumors are correct, offers no wifi which is great so you can actually find a place to sit!! Come check it out! Other Philly coffee shops should also Check it out, it's an example to follow.This is definitely a destination spot for coffee drinkers. I have never been in such a mecca before, even compared to some spots in San Francisco. 
I got an iced half and half from the tap for $3.50. All good, all day. I'm not a huge fan of Fishtown, but I'd come back here anytime - and I recommend you do too.OK so I can't believe this hasn't been added to Yelp yet.  I heard this new beautiful space just officially opened a few days earlier and decided to try it out for lunch with a friend.  
First off, the space is incredible.  La Colombe has got the aesthetics down. BINGO.
Even the men's room is more stylish than most restaurants around *see photo.  
The lunch was good.  I chose the Porchetta sandwich and it was wonderful.  Their baked bread on the premises has a great affect on the menu.  My friend's tomato and ricotta sandwich was on a beautiful sourdough roll that was light and puffy and just the right amount of chewy.  She noted, however, that the filling (very tasty tomato and ricotta) was about half as generous as the one on display, which seduced her into that lunch choice while in line.
Mentioning lines, it wasn't surprising that the lunch crowd had a long line.  It did seem to move pretty quickly and hopefully more smoothly once the staff get their sea legs.  There was an over-all feeling of being new drivers, just short of panic but far from relaxed and confident.  I know, this is maybe being too picky.  Our friendly cashier will be much more efficient once he figures where everything is on the touch screen register.  Until then, he can hunt and peck while I let my eyes wander over all the pretty details of this cavernous stylish den of hipsterdom.  I think this is the coffee-version of Fete Sau.  It's the hipster alternative to the frat-boy Frankford hall.  Regardless, it's surely a gem for the neighborhood and another slice of Brooklyn... in a good way.Love you guys and all, and as a person with Celiacs Disease I was pumped when I saw the gluten free cookies!! But then I got super super sick from the cross contamination, you have them unwrapped next to all the other baked goods and you use the SAME TONGS!! This is actually dangerous, you wrap the other stuff, just wrap those too so everyone stays alive. I've never made a yelp review before but this was so scary I had to say somethingEasily my favorite coffee place in the city. It is incredibly spacious with a great layout and unique atmosphere. The coffee is absolutely fantastic and the other specialty drinks are just as impressive. 
Pour over is always a must, the draft latte is great and their food is much better than expected. I highly suggest the Bacon, egg, and cheese. Whatever the sauce they use on it makes it my favorite bacon egg and cheese to get in the city.Amazing. Beautiful. Raw. Modern. Elegant. And just everything dope. Thoroughly impressed with this place.It is a beautiful place and I purcahse La Colombe coffee just about everyday. When I found out they were coming to Fishtown i was over joyed. My Girl friend and I walked in and stood at the counter waiting for service. After about 10 minutes we see a head peak out of a crowd of folks at a table, it was the server. She comes over almost annoyed that we interrupted her fun. She took our order and she passed her orders to people who seemed to have just popped out of no where, We basically had to re-order and wait longer. The baked goods did not taste well, my girls coffee was not good but on a good note the beer was nice. I have heard that the owners of La Colombe are amazing folks but their servers need better training. Take care of your friends but take better care of the people who live in the community and can become the base of your income. My son and his girl friend went on a different night and where treated with the same disrespect, the service sucked and the coffee was horrible. Come on La Colombe!!! - I will try one more time because of your coffee but 3 strikes and your out. I love your coffee, so it should not be hard to please me and my people. Good luck and consider training your folks or getting a better managerThe star is for the ambiance and the choice between free water or sparkling water they provide. As well as the draft  Black and Tan iced coffee. I order drip coffee and a hot chocolate. Most of the hot chocolate was foam maybe the barista was in training. Ordered both for there and got paper cups. When it was ready they yell your name so loud like the police.  Also ordered a $9 breakfast sandwich that was the worst I have ever tasted. It's served on a crispy baguette which rips up the top of your mouth worst than Captain Crunch.  It's has a chipotle aioli with an after taste that you will be burping up all day (no seriously still burping it up as I'm writing this) To top it all off the egg was unsalted, burnt and tasted like it was cooked in a pan that wasn't clean. It comes with arugula however there was only 3 leafs in the whole sandwich. The bacon is thick cut most likely organic to justify charging $9. It's my fault I could have got an egg Mcmuffin from McDonald down the street. This place is the Atlantis of Philadelphia. I think that I would be more comfortable at Applebees.... your neighborhood bar and grill.I love coffee. I will throw down a skinny mocha like no ones business. When I walked into La Columbe I almost considered moving to Fishtown to take advantage of this place. Large variety of barista favs, beautiful decor, cool urban vibe, and delicious pastries. Did I mention they have alcohol to mix in if needed? It's a must or bust in Philly.The best coffee ever. La Colombe changed my definition of great coffee. The space is beautiful.Ambiance is amazing, draft latte is delicious and like nothing I've ever had before. Challah French toast is so good you'll probably want to force yourself to finish it all, but don't worry the staff is also extremely nice and will kindly give you a take out box and bag. Great overall experience!I really enjoyed sitting and reading at La Colombe on a quiet Saturday afternoon in the middle of the summer. The big, sunny, pretty, cool (I'm talking temperature) space was perfect for enjoying a cup of drip and reading a good book. Plenty of variety in the seating options (tables for two, larger standard tables, picnic bench style seating, and even standing desks) and either no music or inoffensive music make it a great place for lots of different types of socializing, studying, relaxing, etc. 
I was actually really bummed that I did not like the drip coffee, but a helpful barista who wanders around and helps guests looking at the giftware offered to swap out the variety for one I would like better and MAN was that an improvement. If you don't like smoky coffee, do not get their "Corsica" blend, but ask for the "Yirga" which is an Ethiopian coffee that was smoother and, to me, a lot tastier. I also sampled the Colombian and thought that was one of the best I've ever had.
*I am not giving a 5 only because I wasn't hungry so I can't attest to the food. That said, I'm going back to try it soon and will update my review.Excellent coffee. As everyone suggests, definitely try the draft latte. Super creamy, incredible complex flavor, at least try it before you sweeten it because it would be a shame to mess with perfection. I also grabbed a ham, leek, and parmesan biscuit to go which was delicious. I recently moved to the neighborhood and have been going around trying all the coffee shops within walking distance and I totally get it, it's a hip area and service tends to be a little bit surly around town. This was not the case at La Colombe. Service here was AWESOME. Really friendly, really helpful, really knowledgable staff. It's a further distance than several other options, but I'll definitely walk the extra steps for the great coffee and the kindness of the staff. Also, it's stunningly beautiful in here. Like if West Elm and Anthropologie collaborated and made a coffee shop. Definitely go!Drive all the way from jersey and they closed early at 5 instead of the posted time of 7pm. Highly disappointed.The latte on tap is to die for! I crave it everyday! Also the lunch time salads are unique and fresh. Just delicious!Being quite new to Philly, I thought the La Colombe near City Hall was the only one...until my friend brought me to this one! The fishtown location is definitely way bigger and way more hip. The interior is really rustic with cool artsy decorations, and the whole place emits just a super hipster vibe.
I only got an americano but the pastries looked amazing so I'll definitely come back for those! & maybe for the brunch too. The ladies sitting next to me were enjoying some amazing looking french toast and I can't say I wasn't jealous ;p.Super cool space, friendly Baristas,amazing coffee, merch, food and the list goes on. There is a reason for the long lines. Do yourself a favor and get a Pour Over. It takes several minutes but it is worth the wait. Order an espresso to have while you wait. Even though when you walk in the line may be long, you'll see it moves quickly. If you love coffee- stop by. Check out the other locations too. Just as awesome.Excellent in flavor, presentation, and space. Critical foodies and interior designers will approve. Will return as much as I can!Went in on a Sunday afternoon to grade papers, excellent coffee and great atmosphere though they kicked me out at 6.  Everywhere online it says they're open until 7 :(
Went back on a Saturday morning for breakfast, it was crowded but we we're served quickly and got a table.  My bf got hot chocolate that was more on the bitter side which he didn't like but we had a scone and a muffin which were both delicious!
The interior is GORGEOUS! We'll be back for sure!Coming off a long trip and my son took me here for breakfast. Just perfect, incredibly helpful and friendly staff. Coffee some of the best, and I've sampled from coast to coast, baked goods of extremely high quality, fresh, local ingredients. Ambience creative and fun!The food here is wonderful. The French Dip is insane...perfect juicy combo of beef, cheese, onions and horseradish. Also tried the French Onion Soup and Wild Smoked Salmon toasts...absolutely delicious. Shrimp and Grits were also tasty. And of course the coffee is excellent but the lattes and cappuccinos could stand to be served hotter. Nothing worse than a luke warm latte. Service is also excellent and fast.I absolutely love this place! The inside decor is so old school with a mix of modern taste to it. This place has like that contemporary wood all around and it really makes you feel peaceful inside. It's a very huge and open spot . Great place to chill and relax , drink some coffee with a group of friends or just yourself! Haven't had the food so I'm just reviewing on the place in general and the coffee.This place never disappoints.  The challah French toast and the draft latte are amazing.Amazing coffee, beautiful interior, and delicious food!! First day: ordered a cappacino and a chocolate scone and a vanilla scone - they go perfect together, a match made in heaven! Also, my favorite thing was the bacon and gruyere roll! (My cousin is a bread baker there and recommended it). 
Second day: eggs w/ cheddar leek biscuits with drip coffee and my boyfriend got the French toast - get this!!!
Left my weekend in Philly a very happy lady!Meh.  It's really cool inside, but pricey and the coffee isn't my thing.  Food is okay.  But I'd rather frequent the older 'mom & pop' coffee shop two doors down.Passing time here while I wait on my pizza ! 
The cafe is super spacious warm and inviting . Apparently this place is the flagship store . Makes sense .The customer service was the best I've experienced in Philadelphia !!! Shout out to  Meron for making my experience extra special .  
I had the turmeric tea and the Mexican single drip coffee . I'm on a diet ... otherwise I just would have ordered one of their infamous nitro coffees on tap . I first had heir stuff at a Whole Foods demo station .  Their flag store is cool because you can buy their limited release flavors which I picked up while I was here .
Their nitro canned coffee  drinks is like drink a creamy coffee flavored shake . 
Vanilla and mocha are my go to s . 
Silky , velvety and oh so sexy . Single drip coffee was also not too bad . Cocoa notes were definitely pronounced .I love La Columbe for the ambience and atmosphere. There's always great (but low) music playing and the inside is decorating so well. You can even see their distillery. 
The coffee and pastries are good too, but expensive. The vanilla scone and pistachio pastry were delicious. Definitely worth going to!!I mean, okay, the coffee is amazing and you can get booze here and the food is good and the atmosphere is beautiful. But getting a seat in here on a Saturday or Sunday is just impossible and it is super loud. So it's a perfect cafe in some respects, and totally undesirable in others. I might be bitter because Lola Bean went out of business as soon as it opened up.The short: 
Bring your friends from out of town here
Expect a long line at peak times - it moves quick
Disorganized system of doling out orders
The long:
Tough to add to the 350+ reviews, however, here are my two cents. The building itself is striking. See the numerous pictures for what I mean. There seems to always be a line wrapping around the store that they built a make shift gift store around. The pastry counter has usual offerings of scones and muffins, but not as wide an assortment as some may expect. The scones, however, were fantastic. Didn't have any savory offerings, but the biscuit dish looked amazing. The coffee / macchiator / cortado etc., were very well done. No better or worse than what you would expect from a high quality coffee roaster. Loved the free sparkling water on tap. Ample seating and standing areas such that with groups of 5-8, we didn't have to wait, despite how busy it was. The ordering system is via iPad, and they basically call out your name. A bit disorganized for how busy it is. They forgot half of our order - they fixed it quickly, but it seemed like a mistake that probably happens more often than it should. In any case, overall, a great experience, and will continue to bring visitors here any time they come.I've had coffee there a few times (umm, I think we already know how great that is), but today we had lunch there. The French Drip is absolutely delicious! The roast beef is cooked to perfection and is loaded with deliciously caramelized onions and melted gruyere on a crusty roll. I wanted to drink the broth provided on the side, but I thought that would make me look like an ass. I had a glass of the Rioja, which was an excellent complement to the roast beef. The atmosphere is also very nice. A bit different from the current offerings on Frankford Ave, but lovely nonetheless. I'll be back and will be bringing others.We cannot get enough of the flagship location of La Colombe.   The Fishtown location manages to straddle the grand and the cozy, which is no mean feat, and we could not be more thrilled to see La Colombe among the anchors of this gentrifying area.  We are continually impressed with Mr. Carmichael's vision and commitment to his causes, whether the environment (sustainable coffees) or creating opportunities for the less fortunate (Haitian Coffee Academy), which also compels us to return, again and again.  
Importantly, La Colombe's newest coffee innovation, the draft latte, is available here.   We are addicted to its rich, slightly sweet frothiness.   So smitten are we that we earnestly desire have our own draft latte tap in our new kitchen.   
Here, one can enjoy gorgeous hot food, sandwiches or full meals along with the most superb coffee on the planet.    Happily, La Colombe's delicious breakfast classics--sugared brioche pouf, pain au chocolat and scones--are also available.   And this location has a proper boulangerie, offering various baked on-site breads (including the generally elusive brioche "loaf").  
The single most visually arresting feature of this location is the ginormous copper still.   It is a sight to behold (and reminds us of a Rube Goldberg apparatus).   There La Colombe's Different Drum Rum is distilled.   Indeed, as soon as we learned about Drum Rum, we dashed here for our first bottle;  it is now also available in a state store near you.    
Note to the management:   We understand that La Colombe plans to add 100 locations in the next year or so.   Please put Lower Bucks County or Eastern Montgomery County on your "to do" list.   Sadly, outside of the Carversville General Store, we have found no one in Bucks County who serves your coffee, and we need great coffee when we are outside of the City.   We are an under-served community.  Thanks.Gorgeous place, amazing coffee, freshly made food. If they JUST offered wifi, this would be the most perfect place ever. Sigh!Anyone else have the thought that the reason there's no wifi might not be to "promote conversation" but to assure that people don't camp there for hours at a time on iPads and laptops.I really love this coffee shop (so much more than that--great food and ambiance)! The coffee is fantastic, the company is local and tries to ensure a wonderful product in sustainable ways, the atmosphere is open and bright, and the workforce and friendly. All in all, they do a great job. I recently had a cinnamon bun there which was incredible and served in a mini skillet with cream cheese icing. I highly recommend ordering one, but they are large and heavy so make sure you have someone to share it with. They also serve beer and have sandwiches and loaves of bread for purchase. Lots of coffee gadgets and souvenirs to buy as well!I had a delicious pour over coffee and a perfect skillet biscuit and gravy. I instantly fell in love with the interior design and overall vibe of this place. While waiting for our food I recognized the chef in the open kitchen from the show Masterchef. Courtney just won this past season and was so surprised to see her in person making my breakfast! Her biscuit and gravy was the best I've ever had. Excellent taste and presentation was spot on. Overall this is my new favorite spot to visit when in Philly.Stopped in while in town for work. I travel 60% or so for work, visit cafes all around the world - this shop is a must. I dug it, I really did.
After visiting the new Starbucks Reserve location (opened December 2014) this shop echoes what Starbucks did in Seattle, except, wait, La Colombe did it before Starbucks. ......Nice
Super friendly staff, they love coffee, like uber love coffeeTop notch service with a smile  and delicious food thank you guys definitely recommend this place.I went here to get coffee and that was excellent but then I got a little hungry and decided to order a blueberry muffin and that's where things started to go downhill....I bit into the muffin to find no blueberries! I continued to eat the muffin and to my dismay I found one measly blueberry in my final bite. I do not recommend the blueberry muffin.UPDATE- Still don't like this place. I really hoped they would take suggestions from neighbors and make it better but, nope.
A friend wanted coffee from here so we went it. Waited in line 20+ min. Staff seemed like they had more important things to do then answer questions about the different baked goods and sell coffee. Love the decor, pastries are solid but everything distracts from the good stuff. The coffee was under roasted and tasted like battery acid. I threw more than 1/2 away. Bonus- ran into some of my most high maintenance clients from the main line who make me crazy and say they go here almost every weekend. (Great reason to never go back) Will only go if someone makes me and I will not have coffee.The coffee at La Colombe is absolutely delicious.  I also ordered a scone, which was lovely. Next time I will have to order some foods that are more substantial as they look and smell fantastic.
The seating and layout of the place is also very welcoming, the staff is very professional and well-versed and I will definitely be back.
Oh, and there is no wifi, which I kinda like :)La Colombe in Fishtown is a place you have to experience, whether a coffee lover, a foodie, or just appreciate beautiful architecture. Not only is it on a very cool block of Frankford Avenue in Fishtown loaded with shops and other restaurants, but the building is a masterpiece and huge. The displays of food, and all the coffee choices are like no other. I'm a Starbucks fanatic, yet nothing compares to a cold Black & Tan brewed by La Colombe or any of their pastries. Must see this place, and visit, it's worth it.Loved the coffee. This was my first time having a draft latte. I guess I'm late to the party. Awesome building, too. While waiting for my drinks and food, I watched baristas; the cooks working the big fancy, copper oven; and someone doing some baking in the back behind the roasters. The bread was also stand out.This place is one of my favorite cafes in Philly. Especially in Fishtown. Their draft latte is to die for. Cream and so smooth! Their Black and Tan is even better. It's a mix of draft latte and cold brew coffee. 
I love it here for so many reasons. 
1. GREAT and HONEST people work here. A few years ago a few of us went to have brunch and my friend was pregnant at the time. Blame it on pregnancy rain, she left her Chanel bag with her wallet (pretty much her life) in the bag. Believe it or not, she didn't realize her purse was gone until several weeks later. When I called, one of the associates said they had it under the counter all along for someone to pick up. WOW, just WOW.  Need I say more?
2. Spacious. Very family friendly. 
3. No wifi. This helps flush out the crowd faster esp during rush hour. 
4. Food is delicious. Their gritsssss. Try adding sausage and kale. So savory! 
My list is endless. If you're a coffee lover and love the option of pastries, healthy drinks, and food, this is the place to go!Never disappoints. Pour over exotic coffees and pastries. Needed a redeye after slow start to the morningBrought my buddy from Los Angeles and man did we hit the jackpot! Great food and greats espressos!Epic environment and Local feel with great coffee and great breakfast. 
Love the drip coffee but know that you'll be waiting in line on the weekend.This place is my happy place.  I think it's the single best cup of coffee around!  It's that perfect mix of bold but flavorful.  Today, I had breakfast for the first time and the Nivva Oatmeal did not disappoint.  It's super smooth and creamy.  Great way to start of the day.  Beautiful decor, lighting, and seating all make this place the best way to spend a breakfast/meeting/chill out any point of the day.Love the coffee!!Hand poured coffee is something I never had before but what an explosion of flavor in my mouth.  I had the Colombian hand poured.  You have to wait for it to be made from scratch for you, but well worth the wait.   The space is huge and was not a problem to find a seat.  Atmosphere speaks for itself.I'm a fan of La Colombe Coffee so I'm glad I popped in for breakfast before furniture shopping.   The Papua New Guinea blend is pretty smooth and dark. The blueberry muffins are so good - dense and rich but without the muffin tops.  Perfect Sunday morning breakfast.  Highly recommend!I really really REALLY want to like this place, but every single time they give me a reason to walk out grumbling and thinking I should have just gone to McDonalds for a cup of coffee and nicer people.
Anytime I go there something goes wrong. I'm almost always given the wrong drink or food, the manager is just miserable and seems to not know how to do her job and train at the same time, and her abrupt mannerisms and team coaching usually comes at the expense of the customer.
One night I was on a date and they made our alcoholic drinks wrong 4 times. Granted, they were nice enough to give us the drinks for free-but we only wanted one drink each-not 4! Needless to say that ended up being an unwanted tipsy night but I guess I should thank La Colombe for for getting some drunk action that early in the the evening!
Today-same manager. She's training, she's telling the coffee bar what they do wrong, she's on the register, she says I can't order breakfast a whopping 7 minutes early(I said that I understand it won't be started until 9am, I just wanted to order everything at once), my drink came out wrong, etc..
So, I drink my incorrect drink without complaining, then go up and reorder. BiscuitSSSSSS and Gravy(notice the plural on the menu). I also asked for no bacon.
My meal comes out and it's one biscuit with the bacon I didn't want. No biggie, I just pull the bacon off. The menu said it came with scallions but there wasn't a single fleck of green in the entire pan. Oh well. 
Well, they should have added in the description that ham was in the single biscuit. I pull that out and no big deal. Well, try getting your breakfast off the skillet. 1/2 was left over since I didn't feel like scraping for metal like fingernails on a chalkboard to pick at the most overpriced yet bland breakfast I've had ever since being at an IHOP in Russia. Ok, I was never at an IHOP in Russia but you get the idea.
Drinks are small and overpriced, but do contain an insane amount of caffeine. Basically they double the normal amount of espresso shots for every typical coffee drink.
The wifi situation. OK-I get that they want to kick it oldschool and say no wifi-but that still doesn't prevent a massive amount of laptops and douchey startup yuppie team player meeting that fill the room with smugness. Sorry-if that element is already there and you can't fight 80 macbook airs in a room, you might as well join them and just put in a simple convenience that will help mere mortals such as me who just want to drink coffee and work for a little bit.
That's about it. I'll still go but there's just so many other choices with less attitude, more wifi, and a little better food.What a cool coffee house! This place looks like an old renovated warehouse, like most of the neighborhood, and now is a hip fresh place. This enormous space is filled with fresh baked bread and house brewed coffee. I'll be returning again soon!A great treat while spending some time in Philly.  Very chill atmosphere and the coffee is amazing!Good coffee and awesome space. Lots of space and beautiful interior. The breakfast sandwich was pretty delicious and the cups and plates are so cute. The scone was good as well.They have a pretty cool set up, doing draft coffee and they certainly have cool stuff here and it's huge inside and all... But they don't have wifi. I don't know about you, but I go to coffee shops a lot -- to work. I'm not going to come if you don't have wifi. Sorry!My first time here, and I'm in love. Like, I want to move in. What a trendy, fun place to hang, and the delicious coffee doesn't hurt either. The staff is so kind, and the service is quick. 
Also- they have a latte on draft. A DRAFT LATTE. It's like drinking a delicious, caffeinated, cloud - and that doesn't even adequately do it justice. You've got to just try it for yourself. I want all my lattes on tap. 
This location is HUGE! It was busy today, but even still, there was no lack of seating. If I lived closer, I would probably come here and never leave. 
Big fan!At 10 AM they were not serving breakfast sandwiches. I asked when they actually do serve them, and the barista gave me some b.s. answer that made no sense.  This place is so overrated.So, I had heard about this place; they are mostly on the east coast but I heard of them through a new store opening in Santa Monica. Since I was in Philly, they were nearby, and being the coffee lover that I am, I had to give them a try. 
I did a standard pour over, and my standard for good coffee is if I don't have to add anything to it - just drink it black - then it's good coffee. This definitely met and exceeded the standard. Very rich, flavorful coffee; no bitter aftertaste. Just smooth, good coffee. 
The real treat was in the oatmeal I ordered - espresso infused, with sliced almonds and I believe those were roasted or sautéed pears. Whatever it was it was delicious! It came out sizzling on a mini-cast iron skillet. It's really rich so take your time, and while it's a decent size serving you might want to share because it's so rich. I really enjoyed it. 
The environment is really cool - very large, rustic, with super high ceilings but still cozy. A little too hipsterish for me, but that's easy to ignore when you just focus on the good food and great coffee. 
I can't wait to visit this spot again when I'm back in town!This place is amazing. I was under the impression it was a regular coffee shop. I was confused when my friend wanted to meet here for her birthday. The place is big, beautiful, and reminds me of a brewery in my home town. I had carte blanche and tried a bit of my friend's sangria. The drinks were outstanding. The best part was watching the barista/bartender(?) create the drinks in front of you. The staff was really sweet even when they had to tell us the place was closing for the evening. I'll be back!Let's pretend for a minute that I'm not the biggest Carmichael fan ever and that I don't order La Colombe coffee in bulk... 
One bite of the lemon tart here will surely convert you instantly. Hands down, best lemon tart I ever had in my life. I'm dying. Perfect with a quad shot iced Americano. 
Simply the best.Such a great coffee spot, perfect for meetings, hanging with friends or just getting a simple to go drink. They had great coffee options and pastries. It is gorgeous inside, usually very packed but the line runs smooth. Didn't try their food but it looked delicious, want to come again.Have loved this location from day one- the atmosphere, the service, the product.  Sadly starting to feel evidence of their huge growth. My fond memories of the simple but wonderful ham and butter on a baguette-having to wait while it was freshly prepared for the steal of a price of $5 are just that- memories.  I balked when it rose  over 30% in price without warning, but surrendered to its lusciousness.  That bread! That butter! That ham!  Together! Change was a coming but I refused to heed the hints....the sandwiches are no longer prepared while you wait but I continued to succumb. Today's jolt was just too much.  These things of beauty have been banished to the refrigerator, from which you must rescue them!  Cold bread! Cold butter!  Cold ham!  Alas I have loved and lost. I had to walk away.  I AM curious how they will handle the dinner menu.  On to a new love.I can only speak to the space and the rum: both are good. At 29.99, the rum is worth a run. As to the space, it is wide open and plentiful, at least on a Sunday evening. I'd come back.Very nice every weekend stop to eat, drink and chat with friends or the locals. If you live near by I can see getting coffee on the go daily. I was greeted at the counter quickly my questions were answered in detail.  I didn't get the impression I was annoying them with my questions. The food was good, not special except for the oatmeal very different. However the coffee is outstanding!I absolutely adore everything about this place. The place itself is amazingly made. I love how everything is made of wood in here and has a bit of rustic vibe to it. Their food and coffee is EXCELLENT.  You must try their coffee (any type) and you won't be disappointed. Literally the best coffee I have ever had. Their serving mugs are the cutest too. Come and try it for yourself, you won't be disappointed.Walked in for lunch and immediately loved the decor, the sounds, and the menu. Todd Carmichael and JP Iberti have put a lot of thought into this coffee house with an on-site bakery which produces more than half a dozen types of bread, with loaves available to grab and go. My husband and I enjoyed several different toasts and each was varied and unique with the freshest ingredients.
Hands down top-notch!The staff is friendly and their coffee is excellent ,it's kind of place that u want to hang out and relax enjoying your Sunday morning with nice strong espresso to start your dayCool Atmosphere and solid place for coffee.I love La Colombe. I love their cold brew, I love their hot coffee. I love their artisanal sandwiches. I don't love that they don't offer free WiFi. What kind of coffee roaster doesn't have free WiFi? 
La Colombe, if you're listening, get WiFi and I'll update my review to 10 stars. 
Also my office just got La Colombe machines for our kitchen, and they're amazing.I like the way this place looks a lot but I'm not too thrilled by their coffee which bums me out! The food I've had is good and the staff is friendly !Pound-for-Pound [No pun intended] the most amazing coffee spot I ever set food in. Huge space, great crowd, long line that moves quickly.
Great conversion of a beautiful space. Fantastic neighborhood.I have been a fan of this brand of coffee since so many local places use it and was super excited to see them open a shop in the neighborhood.  Not only does this place have fantastic coffee it looks so cool on the inside.  I really love the look and feel of this building.  It is a great place to bring your friends and enjoy the atmosphere.This place has an amazing ambiance. I could hang out here all day. The food is pretty good, and the coffee is excellent. This is a unique spot and one I would definitely frequent.The La Colombe space on Frankford is beautiful.  The warehouse was wonderfully repurposed with its exposed brick and joists beaming by the ceiling.  The coffee is good.  The sandwiches aren't bad, and the breakfast is decent.  Also, it's great that there's a cafe that serves alcohol and stays open into night.  Cannot believe there are not more cafe style bars with night hours.  My only gripe is the line when it's busy.  Cannot tell where it starts, if I'm in it, whether I'm cutting someone off or being cutoff.  You'd think they section a line area off, maybe with some nicely repurposed wood paneling or something.