Very enjoyable dinner for 6 people. The food and service was excellent. We enjoyed pizza, lobster ravioli, penne alla vodka (very good), bolognese, and the pollo valdostana. I would recommend them all. We look forward to going back.Been here multiple times and a hit every time! Service is always friendly but not overbearing which is great so you can enjoy all the amazing food here. Gnocchi and pizza are so good here! Don't let the location fool you...This place is a gem! Reservations should definitely be made.My husband and out-of-state family dinned here on a Tuesday. I live rght around the corner and have never gone in since there are SO many restaurants in Philly. Well I am really mad at myself for waiting this long to eat there! The food was fantastic! It was my 10 year anniversary as well and they gave us a complimentary bottle for the occassion. We also had my 6-year-old and my 5-year-old to dine. They were welcomed just as much as we were!  The staff was amazing! i can not wait to go back.PROS: Great appetizers, huge portions
CONS: Entrees --- not so great
La Fourno has really great appetizers., especially the tiger shrimp and pizzas as well as the complimentary bread with olive oil. The entrees, on the other hand, are quite disappointing --- emphasizing quantity over quality, or so it seems, with piles upon piles of underseasoned pasta and/or other carbs. The flavor of the entrees needs improvement!A friend of mine and I discovered La Fourno one day when walking down South Street, trying to kill time while waiting for a table at another restaurant.  I was being picky about where to have our pre-dinner drink and after several blocks, I got annoyed with myself and decided we were going into the next place that had a bar.  Seconds later we stumbled upon La Fourno and their sign announcing "Bar Open". We stopped to read their sidewalk sign (mostly because their window sign was so helpful) and were greeted by their owner.  He informed us that whenever hesitant people stood outside to read his menu or specials board, he likes to make a point to invite them in.  Sounds like a solid business practice.  We got a table and decided we had had enough with waiting.  Our first choice in dining still hadn't called us with a table (how dare they??) and adorable little La Fourna already had a carafe of wine in front of us.  If only finding a man was this easy...
We have since gone back several times, and always try to order something different each time (sharing everything along the way, of course).  The pizzas are always delicious. Pick whatever toppings you and your table want most, but it really doesn't matter because the crust is spot on every time. We've enjoyed their caprese salad, fried calamari and mussels as an appetizer on different occasions.  For entrees, we've had the baked penne, the veal and sage raviolis, chicken marsala and penne alla vodka.  My favorite is probably the veal and sage raviolis-they were very earthy and hearty.  But seriously, everything is great.  Simple, homey and well-prepared. La Fourno is one of those places that remind you a lower price point and a casual atmosphere can still supply you with delicious food and an experience worth talking about.This place has been a favorite of mine since I stumbled upon it when I moved to Philly 5 years ago. Desperate to find a place to take my mother, who is super picky with her Italian cuisine, we found this cozy place quietly tucked into South St. Our server Frances was the most amazing host and has been every time I have in, even when he wasnt our server. I have taken everyone I know here, and every one has the same opinion. It's amazing. 
I always ordered the seafood dishes, because here you can never go wrong with fresh seafood and pasta. The bread to start is to die for, along with the antipasta that comes complimentary with your entrees. I recommend the shrimp scampi and potato pizza. And nothing beats any of the red wines or the maple lead cocktail. A must have. 
Overall, everytime I eat here I feel warm, full, and fantastic when leaving. I can't say enough about this place. Two thumbs up. My favorite restaurant in Philly.The restaurant is very good however never have it delivered.  We ordered our favorites and thought the delivery guy went to the wrong restaurant.  The $7.20 Tiramisu took two bites to eat, much larger portion in the restaurant.  Ordered the bread/cheese appetizer, cheese was hard and discolored, the fettuccine alfredo was missing the most important part...cheese.  My favorite penne vodka had raw chunks (large) of onions/garlic and no flavor...seems like the pasta sat for a while.  so the review is based on getting delivery we will still visit the restaurant.The bread was very good.  They gave us a free appetizer- watermelon, mushroom and cucumbers with balsamic vinegar that was delicious! I had the pork loin with roasted potatoes and carrots. The portions were big!  The kids and my husband had the chicken fettuccine. They said it was good!!!!
The service was excellent!!!We had a couple of simple pizzas (margherita and bianca neve) for around 15$ and that was just more than enough for 2 people. Pizzas were stone oven baked with homemade dough and that's just what I expect whenever I go to an italian restaurant.We are frequent visitors to this establishment and the food has always been excellent.  I have only now decided to write a review because of our most recent visit.
Just about every time we have visited this location it has been with a Groupon of some sort, this isn't because we are inherently cheap... but with myself still being in college and my partner a recent graduate still battling enormous student loan debt, we do not have the disposable income that perhaps this restaurant's management expects.
And therein lies the problem.  As I said, our previous visits have been wonderful, food excellent and service almost always excellent as well.  A pattern we have noticed however is that the owner (Tall & skinny older male) will go around to the tables and converse with the patrons.  He'll refill their waters and ask them how the food is or recommend something.  Basically small talk, but still nice and engaging.
This proprietor however does not feel the desire to do this for anyone who is using a Groupon.  Consistently on the last couple times we have visited he invariably passes us by without a word.  Our most recent visit he literally came by and filled our waters without saying anything at all.
Let me clarify... I love this place.  The pizza is some of the best and freshest I have ever had.  The salad and desserts are delicious and the entrees are good as well.
But I feel as though the owner is somehow shunning us because we dared to use the Groupon that he made available to the public.  I could easily see this place becoming a regular dining spot for my partner and I, especially after we get on our feet and have more disposable income at our hands.
I really take offense to the owner's attitude towards us... and to be clear, he is the only one.  The female host (I do not remember her name), she is always very welcoming and engaging.  She recognizes us from previous visits and accordingly makes us feel at home.  As does the male host when he has been there.
The owner however is a different story.  I would gladly change my rating from a 3-star to a 5-star if I saw a change in his attitude, but frankly at this point I'm not even sure if we'll return.
If his goal was to turn away a satisfied customer, Mission AccomplishedEnjoyed dinner with a group of friends. Our server, Francis, was the best-  made us feel so welcome. Salad, bread, crab cakes, dessert, even the tea, were all excellent.
Had a Groupon but would visit again even without one.I've been here several times with a large group of coworkers (10-14 ppl with reservations) for lunch and have never been disappointed. Pizza is fantastic. If you like meat and heat, Fra Diavolo is a must, and a personal favorite. The Orto is loaded with veggies, also delicious. Not much on tap (Yuengling, Stella Artois, and a disappointing "Halloween Ale" when we were there) but there's a decent wine selection and they've got BYOB nights.
The special/seasonal salads are superb. This week we had peach, melon, tomato, and almonds on a bed of arugula with a light vinaigrette. The salads they make for our large parties are substantial -- one is enough for 3-4 people. The only disappointment on this last trip was that a salad of this size ran us about $33, while on previous visits they were in the $20-25 range.
The staff is always friendly, and the owner/chef is always present and takes very good care of us. I was even treated to a dessert on the house and a gift certificate in honor of my birthday. I'll certainly be back for a BYOB evening to sample some dinner entrees (and undoubtedly for more work lunches).I really enjoy La Fourno and the service is always on point. Even the owners are always around talking to their customers. The waiters and waitresses there are very friendly. I've been here for about 3 birthday dinners and came with my bf another time. They never disappoint to serve (at least not in my experiences).
Their portions are generous and I always have good leftover. I love their chicken alfredo. Some places can't make the sauce tasteful like they do. Their baked penne is great too. My bf got their special before with their home made pasta, snow peas, shrimp, and other ingredients with a light buttery wine sauce. 
The bread is always fresh out the oven. It's a small place, but the food is good and their friendly ambience of the restaurant keeps their customers satisfied.We came here to use a Groupon voucher and left very satisfied. The Groupon deal includes a salad/soup, an entree and a drink for each person, plus a dessert to be shared by two guests. You need to pay the sales tax and 18% gratuity when using the voucher.
As a small neighborhood restaurant, La Fourno's food and service are definitely better than its appearance. My house salad was fresh and the daily soup my partner had was buttery tasty. We ordered shrimp scampi and the award-winning veal parmesan as our entrees. I have to say they nailed the pasta but fell short on proteins. We found both the shrimp and the veal were dry for some reason (even the veal cutlet was extremely thin). The pasta portion of both entrees was exceptional, the angel hair and linguine were perfectly cooked and sauces (garlic and red) were just on point.
If only judged by appetizers and entrees, La Fourno is a solid three-star restaurant, but the dessert with the same name as the restaurant earned the extra star. La Fourno (the dessert) is a rolled pastry filled with Nutella, strawberries & walnut, freshly cooked, and served warm.
Overall, our dinner experience with the Groupon deal exceeded our expectation, but I'd hesitate to order those dishes here at full price (our total was $100+). Bottom line: pasta and dessert are great; the pizzas also look great, may come back to try them.First of all, thank you to all my fellow YELP-ers for recommending this place!!!
My wife & I wanted to have an impromptu dinner with our boys (6 & 4). We didn't want a McDonald's-like place. We are adults. We wanted real food. We wanted to have adult beverages. We needed it to be "Kid-friendly" and have things that the boys would eat. And, we didn't want a "stuffy" atmosphere. We wanted good service. We didn't want to pay an "arm & leg" either. We found it ALL in La Fourno!!!
OK, about the food...
To start, fresh, hot bread w/an herbed olive oil (and butter for the boys, on request)...1-star.
The boys split a Margarita Pizza and enjoyed it...1-star.
My wife had the White Clams app (yummy) and I had the Tiger Shrimp (yummy)...1-star.
My wife had the Lobster Raviolis and she thoroughly enjoyed them that it was hard for me to get a taste from her! I hesitantly ordered the "6-time, Best of Philly" Veal Parm. (I was initially put off by the price of $28.) But, after tasting it I would pay 3-times that much for this dish as it was the best I've ever had...2-stars!!!
Service was attentive, but not intrusive. Atmosphere was quaint and casual. I would highly recommend making reservations b/c they seat maybe 30 max (and once the word gets out, this place will be hard to get in to!)
There's only two minor things that need attention:
1. Expand/upgrade the bar selections. I felt like having a bourbon (it was chilly out that night) and they only had Evan Williams. So, I had to go back to vodka/tonic. :(
2. This is for YELP. Fix the actual address. It should say "636 South St." b/c I my navigation system sent me somewhere else.
I will definitely return and highly recommend, to a select few so that I still have a chance to get in!!!
CHEERS!
MWent here with a group of five for dinner. They were very brisk about pulling together two small tables for us and getting everyone comfortable; the host came back a little while later and was very concerned that I hadn't taken my coat off my shoulders -- I guess he'd closed the door, then turned up the heat, but I still hadn't taken it off (I'm always cold). 
We started with an antipasti plate of cheeses, bread, house-roasted red peppers and a bowl of olive oil blessed with oregano. Everything was excellent, especially the peppers. They also gave us a small metal container of grated parmesan with a hinged lid that called to my mind the visor on a medieval suit of armor (cos I'm a nerd like that), which some members of the party had perhaps too much fun playing with but that's okay. The parmesan was a great addition to everything from the bread to the peppers. 
A couple of us had the nightly special of pumpkin ravioli with a nutmeg-butter sauce. I felt like the pasta was just slightly tough but liked the nutmeg (since you don't get it in savory dishes too frequently); overall, more successful than not in my mind, though someone else who'd ordered it wasn't really happy (she'd been expecting a cream sauce or something rather than just nutmeg and butter on top). 
Another friend got the gnocchi with white sauce, of which I snuck a taste: I liked the garlicky white sauce and the gnocchi were soft and well cooked, not doughy or tough. 
Our waiter was slightly weird; he seemed to fawn a bit and gave the other girls a weird vibe (I was a bit out of this loop as I was sitting with my back generally to the room, and thus to him, but he was having a hard time grasping when pouring from our bottle of wine that all I needed was enough for a toast, i.e. a sip's worth, since I was not drinking.)
Overall, La Fourno is a good choice for Italian in a warm setting. Mangia Bene!A chicken parm so appetizing I actually went back in and used my personal card when they didn't take Amex.
That garlic bread was the tops.  Everything about this chicken parm was my favorite thing ever.
Great staff, thanks for chatting with me.We have been here twice and I love it!  The staff is extremely friendly and outgoing.  They make you feel very relaxed and like family.  Both times, we got the grilled calamari appetizer, which was wonderful!  It really tasted grilled, and the calamari was tender, not chewy.  It was in a perfectly light lemony olive oil dressing.  Everything was really well-balanced.  My husband said while we were eating it that he was already craving it for next time!
Last time I had the lobster ravioli, which I would highly recommend.  Soooo good!   This time I got the crab cakes.  They were good, but I was wishing I had the lobster ravioli.  My husband got the veal parmesan.  The sauce was basic and delicious and the veal was crisp, not greasy.  The pasta was really yummy too.
I would definitely recommend this place.  It's pretty small and looks like a hole in the wall, but it has great ambiance and authentic, wonderful food.Went there on a tuesday night and loved it. They have one of the best italian food in philadelphia. I love their lobster ravioli. Very attentive service and reasonal price. I will definitely be back!I was taking my friend out for a birthday dinner and decided on this restaurant based on the proximity to my job and the reviews that it received here on Yelp.  I was a little nervous when we walked up to the building though.  When I first walked in, it looked like a pizzeria and not a fine dining establishment, but once we walked past the kitchen area up ront, we saw the small dining area in the back.  They also have a more spacious area upstairs.
Rating:  LOVED IT!  The service was great.  Our waiter was funny and personable.  We had drinks and although the apple martini was perfect and the Italian Margarita was tasty, I thought that the drinks were rather small for the price.  
The food was fantastic.  It was hot, well seasoned, and looked great, plus the portion size was on point,  They definitely gave you plenty.  After dinner, they brought out a chocolate frosted cheesecake with a candle and our waiter instructed the ENTIRE restaurant to wish my friend a happy birthday and sing to her.  So unexpected that everyone would be instructed to sing, but it was so nice and definitely added to a great dining experience.  And the cheesecake?!  Oh yes!!  And I don't even like cheesecake!  Most of the one's I've tasted went overboard on the cheese.  Not La Fourno.  No sir!  Perfection!
One thing I noticed is that a guy, I think he was the owner, stopped by tables and spoke to patrons, helped seat folks, and even cracked jokes with people, however, even though we made eye contact frequently since he passed our table a lot, he didn't smile, (even when I did), and he didn't stop by as he done with all of the other tables.  No worries, the restaurant was swell and I would not only recommend it, but I would return.  ;-)
Signed,
The Cruise DirectorVery very very good. The pasta with pesto is outstanding. I've been here on multiple occasions. In fact the Linguini Putanesca is fantastic but the others are even better.
The owner is frequently in the restaurant and is a very nice man. The first time that I went there, he welcomed us in. When we told him we were vegetarian, he gave us a list of dishes the restaurant would make for us, and made us feel very welcome.A friend of mine and I came here for dinner last week, and it was delightful. I used to live in Philly, but I don't know this area that well. We made a reservation because Yelp offered it through OpenTable, but it absolutely was not necessary -- I guess if it hadn't been a Thursday night, it might have been busier, but it seemed to me like it wasn't a nice enough restaurant to require a reservation. The sign with the boys & bow ties outside was a little bit strange, but it was lovely and spacious inside. I got a pesto pizza and my friend got a calzone, both of which were very yummy. The pesto pizza on the menu came with olives, which I thought was a little strange, but I got them to make it without olives and was perfectly happy.
For dessert, my friend and I shared an insanely rich red velvet cheesecake that was to die for. It was almost too rich, especially since I was on my way to a concert afterward -- I was sad to make the sacrifice and have to let my dining companion eat more than her fair share.
The only real negative was that the waiters put a little dish of olive oil on the table, but never brought us bread or anything to put in the olive oil. It seemed weird to give us olive oil as decoration....?Perhaps my favorite italian restaurant in philadelphia. Tiny attractive friendly place great food. I love the polenta. I recommend the entire menu. Valentines day would be a great choice to come hereThis is what you'd expect.  Legitimate Italian food for a reasonable price.  I haven't actually eaten in the restaurant, but I've had their delivery, which was prompt and satisfactory.  I wouldn't be opposed to eating in the restaurant, except it's South Street-tourist allure could make it crappy.  If I wanted really authentic Italian, I'd head further south, but, all around, I have no complaints.First time visit two wks ago for take out.  Food was amazing.  Well worth the visit.I make it a point to eat as much pizza at as many establishments as possible and La Fourno is by far my favorite. The pizza is brick oven, thin crust, with delicious toppings and the best marinara around.
Beyond the pizza, I have sampled their salads and dessert. Both are fantastic. I did not think that a house salad could be so impressive but it was huge, with a fantastic vinaigrette, and filled with more diverse toppings than one would think possible. I don't normally eat dessert but decided to trust that the tiramisu would be amazing, and it was. My parents have had their entrees on numerous occasions and are always pleased.
On top of that, the owner is super friendly, the sounds of Frank Sinatra greet you upon entrance and the servers are almost embarrassingly  eager to please.
South Street is a scary place reminiscent of the Wildwood boardwalk but is well worth traversing in order to get to La Fourno.Quaint, simple decor. Friendly service. Very authentic staff and menu. The wife and I had pasta dishes, while our son chose pizza. All delish. Not your typical South Street biz.Found this place by way of a Groupon. My server was okay but I loved Francis. Francis Loves his Job and it showed. The caesar salad was excellent as well as my entree. Wines aren't great but for the price not bad. I will be returning. Keep up with your great energy Francis!HOLY GARLIC. well, that's what my rancid mouth, tongue and breath emanated after consuming that mixed arugula salad. not to say it wasn't good but jesus christ i could have killed a small child with my scent.
their chickpea "farinatta" bread was interesting - almost like a heavier, less sweet graham cracker. definitely worth a try. comes with roasted red peppers and a few slices of (bland) cheese.
also sampled their special bruschetta - including traditional chopped tomato, eggplant & strawberry/goat cheese. pretty average dish but liked the fact i didn't feel like an elephant was sitting inside my abdominal area when i was finished.
service was quick, friendly and very pleasant.
tips: they have a full bar but are byob (without a corking fee) on tuesday and friday nights. all society hill playhouse ticket holders also receive 10% off their entire check. nice.
...yet i still? need a mint.Pros: My husband and I had dinner here last night and it was delicious and the service was great!  Our server was Shamus and he was friendly, made great suggestions and very attentive.  There were several pasta options and a variety of apps and salads to choose from as well.  We mixed it up with a little pasta, veal and a couple of apps and it was all delicious.  Nice that they include salad and bread with entrees too.
Cons: The wine selection was not the greatest (but, you can bring our own on Tues and Fri so we may have to go back on one of those days :) ), the food was a little on the high side as far as price but luckily we had a groupon so that was a plus!  
Overall a great experience and we will most likely go back!We stumbled upon this place while in Philly over the weekend with another couple.  We both have one child, 12 and 20 months and even though the restaurant had an adult set-up, they were very accommodating in the early afternoon when we showed up.  The owner/chef came over to say hello almost immediately and made some recommendations.  We all had a salad with our entrees and they were basic house green salads to start.  Not the best that I have ever had, but the dressing was great and it was a nice starter.  The great part were the entrees.  The other 3 adults had a pasta and red sauce of some sort and they were all awesome.  I opted for the Veal and Sage Ravioli and it was one of the top 3 Italian Dishes I have ever had!  Throw in the garlic bread and you have a pretty great meal.  Definitely would revisit when we are back in town.La Fourno was a perfect place to celebrate my birthday with some special friends.  We were very impressed with the service- impeccable!  Our water glasses were never empty.  Our food was perfectly cooked.  The Caesar salad was expertly dressed and so delicious I could have made my meal just from that.  The potato gnocchi are always my favorite and these did not disappoint.  When our waiter, Mauro, brought out my tiramisu, he had the whole restaurant sing "Happy Birthday" to me.  I felt like a queen.  No one has ever done that for me in my 41 years.  It was a memorable night, and I will be back again soon.  Mille grazie!I had a groupon here that I bought for my friend's birthday. It looked great on the site, so I thought I'd go for it.
The food was great. It was flavorful and certainly filling. We ordered the arugula and Caesar salads to begin and ate our way through the bread. We got the capricciosa pizza and that was delicious. Not too salty and had lots of great things on the pizza. We then got the pasta alla vodka and the gnocchi gorgonzola. The food overall was amazing.
The reason it's only 3 stars is because of the service. They brought us everything we needed, but the interactions with the staff were extremely weird. Every conversation was oddly stilted and uncomfortable. It was just really strange and it made the evening feel weird. There were some misunderstandings with our waitress for our order. Normally that's fine and it just gets corrected, but the back and forths were just bizarre. The maître-d kept calling me sweety in a creepy way, rather than an endearing way. And when I asked for the bathroom another waiter just fumbled his words and we had another weird interaction. They were kind and welcoming, but just really strange and it affected the quality of my dining experience.
Overall, I would say try eating here, but prepare yourself for unusual conversations with the waitstaff.Veal Parm is what I'm going to start with here.... The price may seem a little daunting but this portion is massive, and theres a big bed of linguine below it. It is rated the best in the city and I must say... it's some damn good veal. Everything here is awesome down to the bruschetta which as I might say is also BANGIN' The tomatoes are super fresh and taste amazing... i hate tomatoes but I'm quick to spoon the left over tomatos up and eat them. The pizza is also super affordable for a resturant style pizza dinner. The margherita pizza is incredible as well as whatever pizza it was I had that used gorgonzola cheese and prosciuttoI went here with a group of my students and colleagues. We had a fantastic experience. We shared a few pizzas and all ordered dessert. I must say this is some of the best pizza I've had in Philly in awhile and the prices are extremely reasonable. I definitely can't wait to go back!I was just here last night, and I was thoroughly impressed by the food, waitstaff and environment! I thought the food had a very HONEST quality - simple ingredients with awesome combinations!!! Each item we ordered seemed to allow you to enjoy the freshness of each piece of the dish as well as the dish as a whole. Nothing seems over-processed... simple plates by smart people. Goodness all around!!! We were there on a Friday, and Tuesday and Friday nights are BYOB nights... so BYOB coupled with fantastic food and an attentive and caring staff = BIG WIN. New fav.Very good pizza, nice local-family-feeling decor, BYOB Tue and Fri, take-out, delivery, same awesome guys every time I go. It's really four stars but fuck it.Delicious everything.  Loved the calamari sauce, and the calamari itself.  The fresh mozza was fantastic.  We had pizza, the baked rigatoni and the chicken marsala, and everything was cooked well.  The timing between appies and the main course was perfect, and deserts and coffee were great.  There was no rush for us to leave, and we were checked on frequently.  This would totally be a regular haunt if we were locals!We I might have reviewed this fabulous gem of a restaurant before, however will do again.  We have a marvelous perfect dinner on South Street tonight with our friends the Weintraub's.  We will go back again without a doubt.  It is an Italian restaurant, we all agreed, 
as good as any in NYC .  The best in philly we ever ate in.  The veal parmigiana was the best we ever ate.  We also had salmon done to perfection.  The location might not be your favorite, but the food was just the best.When we decided to go to LaFourno, my expectations were not high.  I mean, resonable prices, BYOB on Friday (no corking fee),  the hundred thousandth italian restaurant....... Wow, I mean this is a place that I will truly come back to.  Panarama, schanarama.  This place out shines all the italian restaurants that I have been to in Phila.  Don't get me wrong, it is a casual italian restaurant, I mean don't expect to take someone on a fancy first date here.   BYOB on Tues & Fri., though they serve alcohol.  We came here on Labor Day, they had a prix fixe menu special for $25.  We started off with some delicious warm bread, homemade I think.   They serve a house salad, with again an awesome balsamic vinagrette.  The app was mussels casino, again good and nice portion size.  The Lobster Ravoli was like none I have ever had, it had a sweetness, and a taste that was unlike your standard Lob. Rav.    I will seriously dream about it.  Last but not least, they we had cannoli for dessert.  It is bought locally and was fantastic.  I definitely recommend this place, its awesome.   It will become one of my go to restaurants.Last night we used a Groupon and were very happy with our meal.  The soup (similar to wedding soup) was very good and seemed homemade.  The next course was a pizza which was a little odd but you could choose any you wanted and it was really good.  My friend and I had two different entress - veal parm and she had a pasta dish.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.  Our server, Francis needs a shout out becuase he was AWESOME!I will agree with a few other reviewers on the name of this place being fake Italian, and the menu being fairly ridiculous. This is NOT an authentic Italian restaurant. I've been to Italy twice, and this place is, at best, Italian-ish.
That being said, the food is decent. It's a great place to take someone who is hard to please and wants something simple to eat. The portions were a good size, not huge, not tiny. I had the linguini with mussels, and got a good amount of mussels. The service was also great, to the point of being over-the-top. The prices are reasonable for a south st restaurant.
So, if you can get over the lack of authenticity and the general tackiness of the place, you could have a pretty good dinner there. If you are looking for something sophisticated, authentic or exotic, look elsewhere.Very good, above average portioned meals. Servers were attentive and friendly. It can be very busy. Reservations recommended.We were in the neighborhood checking out what turned out to be an overly priced Nina Simone record when we heard this restaurant. That's right, we heard it first. From the street we could hear the sound of Italian music and our ears instantly perked up. We walked over and the aroma instantly consumed us, it was amazing! Needless to say we enjoyed a impromptu and fantastic dinner at La Fourno. I had the Penne Alla Vodka and my love had the Chicken Marsala, both were so incredibly delicious! Of course we rounded out our night with a shared cannoli which was equally delicious! The service was also excellent, an extra special shout out to our server Francis who went above and beyond. He was great and made our experience all the better. Please give this place a try, you won't be disappointed. After just one visit we already want to be regulars!!The food and service was terrific. This was my 1st time at La Fourno and I will certainly be back and will be recommending this little Italian restaurant to friends and relatives. The bbq chicken pizza was very tasty and the chicken parm delicious.Had dinner here last night with friends and had an amazing experience. Our sever was friendly and polite. Our meals were fabulous. Two of us got the butternut squash ravioli, which were superb! My other friend got the mussels with linguine and enjoyed them as well. Next time I'm in the city, I will not hesitate to return to this charming restaurant!My boyfriend and I have been going here for years. I can't say enough about this place. The owner Al and the manager Francis are quite possibly the nicest people ever. It's as if you are stepping into their home. The food is wonderful and the pizza is delightful. I highly recommend their Chicken Valdestano.Stopped in for a slice and wound up making friends! Love this place! Al (owner) was in attendance & he was cordial, funny and engaging! I'll definitely be back! Our matron Anne was personable as well!Me and my wife went last night for the first time in years. This place used to be one of our favorites. I have to say, food was better that we remember. Francis, our server was awesome and he has been there for years.  Always get the polenta portabella!!!We found this gem accidentally last summer.  We were walking past and their doors were propped open and the smell of deliciousness drew us inside.  We have since been back numerous times.  The food is always delectable and the staff provides amazing service.  We are never disappointed.We tried to go to a restaurant down the street and were told they can't take reservations, and to try back in an hour and a half. We were lucky we happened upon this place. It was 7 on a Saturday, and we didn't have a reservation, but they moved things around and seated us right away.  I have never met a friendlier staff, especially in the city.  The food and wine were great and the service was even better. Made me feel like I was right back in Italy. Definitely a hidden gem worth stopping in!I'be been here a few times and it is quickly becoming my favorite spot in the area. Fridays are byob which only sweetens the deal. The waitstaff is super friendly and the food is delicious and reasonably priced. I've told all my friends and I will def be back.My wife and I dine here often, as well have their food delivered to our house.  Great place; one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city, and one of my favorite restaurants, period.  Large menu with lots of choices.  Food is excellent and the portions are ample.  Staff is very attentive and customer-service oriented.  Al, the owner, is always out on the floor making sure everything is running smoothly, and he stops at each and every table to ask the customers if everything is ok and if everyone is enjoying their meals.  Overall, a fantastic restaurant.Like a previous reviewer, I also have walked past this place countless times, and never even noticed there was an Italian restaurant there. From the outside, the place looks kind of cheap, not very inviting. 
But I'm really glad that I finally found it and decided to try it out after I was struck with a huge Italian craving, and wanted to go somewhere close. 
The service was very friendly, and the food was quickly prepared. (My friend and I were the only people in the entire place.) The salad that came with the pasta we ordered came out almost immediately,  and was surprisingly good. The pasta was also delicious. I'm not a huge Italian food eater, so I was really pleasantly surprised. It was piping hot, and really tasted like it was made with fresh ingredients. 
Also, the portions were very large, my friend and I both took more than half of our meal home. 
BYOB on Tuesdays and Fridays was pretty awesome as well - especially because there is a wine & spirits just 2 blocks away. (No corking fee either.)
A chef (I assume the head chef) came out and made sure our food was good, and he even gave us a $5 gift certificate for the next time we ate there or got delivery. The whole staff was really friendly and I didn't feel awkward being the only ones eating there at all.
I will definitely be going back sometime soon!Had a great Italian meal here last week.  We started with the bruschetta mixto which was delicious.  We enjoyed the variety of three different types.  I had gnocchi gorgonzola, husband had the bolognese.  We weren't that hungry by the time dessert came around, but we had some sort of chocolate cake anyway.
Food was good, so was service.  There was a minor misunderstanding when I asked the waiter to confirm that there was no chicken stock in the gnocchi - the first time around it came out with chicken bits.  Glad I caught that before I dug in!  Also a misunderstanding about how to package leftovers, the gnocchi and bolognese ended up in the same small container, which meant this strict vegetarian wasn't eating leftovers.
All and all, great meal, great value.  The staff is really friendly too.  Will definitely return.It is rare that I crave Italian food, but when my midwestern friends and family visit and say they want to try something 'new' it generally means a 'new' Italian restaurant and La Fourno is THE place. The service is spectacular and I particularly enjoy the spirited owner/manager who has the best demeanor of anyone I've ever met who deals with the public on a daily basis.
Things of which I'm terribly fond: some scallop special, blush sauce and linguini (forget the name), shrimp scampi, and penne a la vodka. Things that are just ok: I'm not wild about their bread, but this is inconsequential because of the size of entrees. The grilled calamari is decent and their Tiramisu is THE BEST I've ever had. For serious.  
Lastly, they are also available on grubhub and the delivery guy rocks!The service was wonderful and the food was good.  The veal and chicken parmesan was very nice and the linguini side was a nice surprise.  The surprise was lack of marinara and instead pasta tossed in oil, garlic and parsley.
The chianti wine was also quite nice at a $32 price point.  
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good italian meal on south street.
Bon ApetitoMmmm, mmmm. Yum and goody are the prefixes which I start with. I would have never walked in the place if it wasn't for Groupon.  First impression was that it was small but cozy and warm (especially with it being 17 degrees outside). Groupon entitled us to (and which we were provided) soup or salad, one pizza (10") to share and two entrees. The salad was good with the basalmic vinegarette. My boyfriend had a butternut squash soup which was pretty good. We chose the pesto pizza, which was delicious. Made me want to try the others of which there were a variety.  And as  usual he went with the chicken alfredo.  It was creamy in texture and a delight to eat. I went with the penne vodka with shrimp.  I thought there would be medium shrimp throughout but the shrimp were on the extra large size and succulent to say the least. It was full of flavor and I enjoyed. Didn't finish it all because I was stuffed from the pizza but I'm definitely looking forward to my leftovers from what I did get a chance to eat of my pasta dish. Wait staff were friendly, knowledgeable and all around awesome. In short will make it my business to go back. Only reason it didn't get a 5 star was price. Don't get me wrong the food is worth it but may be considered pricey for some. Approximately $35-55 per person not including drinks for 3 courses (desert not included or can be if you nix the appetizer or soup/salad).Just had a fantastic meal at La Fourno on South street. The customer service was amazing. Everyone here was super nice.I loved La Fourno!
I went with my boyfriend on a Saturday night around 7pm without a reservation and luckily got seated immediately. The inside is cozy and a lot more charming than the outside. We both got whiskey sours which were absolutely delicious. For our meals, I ordered chicken parm and he got penne alla vodka. We had no complaints about the food at all! The chicken parm was amazing and cooked to absolute perfection and the vodka sauce was to die for. Our waiter was also really friendly and made an effort to talk to us and make us feel welcome.
This place is such a good break from all the takeout windows and bars along South Street.So. All-in-all pretty good. 
Really nice menu and and lots of options. The food was really good and not expensive at all. 
Service is a bit spotty. Good service when we arrive and then no one to take the order. Then we got some bread, one small slice for each person, had to ask for more. Finally got someone to take the order and then we sat for a while waiting for apps. Some came and others didn't. Then we waited for dinner. Then after dinner we asked for the check and we waited again. 
Again food was good but not good enough to wait and wait and wait for it. 
Wouldn't not go again but won't rush back anytime soon.Yes, this place is smack-dab in the middle of South Street.  And yes, it was once just another run-o-the-mill pizza joint.  But you really should try to forget these things, cuz the owners have tried very hard to convert La Fourno into a legit and respectable Italian restaurant, and they've succeeded.
The atmosphere is intimate, the menu is consistent and includes all you'd expect from a good Italian restaurant, and the service is reliable and attentive.  Everyone gets a personal greeting from co-owner Al Grafstrom, whose love for his business is apparent and infectious.
After going there once every couple of months for about three years I actually chose La Fourno as the place to propose to my girlfriend.  Al and the staff were really into it and helped make the moment special for us in every way they could.
I try to get something different each time I go, but whenever I opt for one of their veal dishes I'm always happy I did it.  My fiancee's fave is the Shrimp Fra Diavolo.  And even though they have a liquor license they've designated Tuesdays and Fridays as BYO nights, which is another bonus.I had a group of nine for dinner (plus two more coming late for drinks) and called on a Friday afternoon to make a reservation - Al was very accommodating and helpful. When we arrived we had more or less the whole upstairs to ourselves, save one other table, as well as the full attention of Seamus, our server, who was totally fun and extremely patient with our ridiculousness. Seamus rocks my socks. I went for the pizza la fourno, which, though yummy and just the right thinness for me, with all the tomato it got soggy quick. I had a bite of the famous veal parmagiana, which was also delish. 
A fun spot, almost hidden away. I think my next pizza will involve cheese, though...My boyfriend and I's favorite little "italian date night place."  I love their Polenta with Portobella mushroom sauce.  Very good, and I am picky about my polenta.  I also love the Gnocchi with cream sauce, and penne arabiata.  Can't go wrong with any of their ravioli's, and the pizzas are also great.  Delish tiramisu and canolli's.  Very pretty inside - casual but romantic too! I love sitting downstairs - brick walls, candles, and cool art.Really good pizza (get the fior de lette, trust me) and fettuccine alfredo. Delivery is always fast (less than 30 min) though one time I had the problem of getting a pizza with all the cheese sliding off to one side. I do wish they had a few more appatizers that are better for delivery (I can't see muscles or bruschetta traveling well).I have passed by this restaurant many times, but I am usually reluctant to try restaurants in touristy areas.... We were recently in the area and in the mood for casual Italian, and I am glad we took the chance. We ordered wine by the glass from the bar, but BYOB is available Tuesday and some other day, twice a week; next time we will be ready.
We try to minimize our gluten consumption and the server recommended to substitute sauteed spinach and broccoli rabe for pasta. My husband had a spicy seafood entree (seafood diablo or similar name) and I had chicken Valdostana, as recommended by our waiter Mauro. I can't remember when I last had chicken in a restaurant, but went with it on a whim and it was great. I loved the combination with melted cheese and prosciutto within the chicken. My husband enjoyed his seafood and vegetable dish, but I am sure it tastes different with pasta. We split grilled calamari for an appetizer and next time I am getting one just for myself - very tasty. We usually don't get dessert after dinner, but the waiter sneaked in a dessert tray and I couldn't say no to a cannoli, while my husband helped himself to a tiramisu. I am not a fan of tiramisu and didn't taste his, but my cannoli was perfect: not too sweet, but just right, with a perfectly crunchy shell. 
The ambiance is like an authentic Italian tratoria, similar to many places I ate at when in Rome or on the Italian Riviera - friendly and casual. The service was attentive but not intrusive. I hope they get more gluten-free options, but either way we will be back.I do not do reviews often and when I do I believe that anyone who reads it needs to know only if they should eat here or avoid the place. Eat here it was great. Great food great service great atmosphere. All around a wonderful meal.Excellent food and service... calamari was to die for... chicken and pizza dishes were great... you will not be disappointed  if you like Italian food... a must go to place. .We went here at like 1:30/2 on a Sunday afternoon and it was completely dead.  Better for us!!  We walked in, were seated and had a blast with our Italian server, mexican cooks and Filipino manager (their words, not mine!).  I got the gnocchi with marinara...delicious!!!  My uncle got the linguini with pesto which was amazballs, mom got the angel hair with garlic.  THanks to mom, I had her leftovers for lunch the next day- still delicious!!  We even ended up with a free bottle of wine when the server heard I graduated med school and saw we weren't drinking yet.  I can't complain about that one!If you are looking for some South Philly Italian food this place is not too bad. But if you are in the mood for real Italian food stay away from this place.We love this restaurant.  Everything  we have had is outstanding. The portabella mushroom polenta is the best we have had. The staff is always welcoming and helpful. The prices are moderate for a great meal and shareable portions if on a budget.Awesome pizza, great Italian food. Friendly service both in-store and to go. A good deal overall.Usually restaurants associated with Groupon are just ok, but La Fourno was fantastic!  First of all, this groupon was a phenomenal deal.  I forget how much it cost, but it included two soups or salads, a pizza to share and any two entrees on the menu.  
I started my meal with the arugula salad.  There was a strong garlic presence, but I love garlic so it worked for me.  The bread they serve is delicious as well, and they actually give you olive oil like real Italian restaurants should.  
Next we were able to pick a flatbread pizza out of about 15 choices. This was also  very tasty and surprisingly large.  For an entree, I ordered the chicken parm. They had a lot of more unique offerings, some of which our lovely waiter tried talking me in to ordering, but sometimes you just want some chicken parm! I probably should have listened to my waiter as the chicken was good but I'm sure other offerings are great.  
Oh, and the expresso martini was phenomenal.  I highly recommend La Fourno to anyone in the mood for a great deal and great Italian!First off let me say my wife and I did some extensive searching for Italian food that is open on Monday and we stumbled upon this place. Overall, it was a great experience. We were welcomed by our waiter Francis and he was outgoing and attentive. He informed us that their pasta is fresh made and it certainly tasted like it. I got the linguine bolognese and my wife got the penne vodka. Both were very fresh and tasty! Each was like 10-14 bucks. They bring bread and an antipasti salad before the entrees. Great value, clean restaurant and great food. 
This was a great place off of south street and if you are in the area and looking for Italian....check em out!Had the r canzone and while it's a pretty classy place it was really reasonably priced under $10.  The garlic in it is perfectly balanced with the cheese.My boyfriend and I were really hungry so decided to stop at this place. We didn't have high expectations for it, we were just expecting an average Italian place, but it turned out to be great! The food was really good, but honestly the service was what did it for me.The waiter was very attentive and friendly, and I would even go as far as to say that it was the best service I've ever received at a restaurant. I'm not really the type of person to comment about service, because I'm there for the food, but I felt that the wait staff went above and beyond to satisfy the customer. I wish I remembered the name of the waiter to give him credit! :)I came here with an open mind not knowing what I was in for. The service is great. Waiter and server have a great and amicable nature! Arugula salad and lobster ravioli are phenomenal. They do not skimp on the lobster. Definitely a hidden gem!Superb food and service, but the charge for taking home leftovers is bogus. Enough said. I won't be back.i thought it would be bad as our waiter stumbled awkwardly toward the table. His strange glazed look was almost frightening. Turns out he was a great waiter and the food was delicious too! My friend got a simple pizza that was extraordinary and my clams in a white sauce was perfect. Will definitely return.Best dinner in a long time. Service was outstanding. The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive. Best service I've had at a restaurant in a long time. The veal parmigiana is outstanding. So fresh and tender. I highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely return. Perfection from soup to nuts. The steamed milk for my coffee was a very nice touch.If you want decent italian food that won't break the bank like some of the nicer places in Philadelphia, come to La Fourno. They have great specials and a large menu to choose from. I ordered the italian margarita which was delicious! Perfect mix of sour and sweet. 
We started with the bruschetta mista which was surprisingly very tasty.
There were 6 pieces (perfect for 2 people to share) and 3 different spreads to try: classic tomato, roasted eggplant, and seasonal berries and goat cheese. All of them were very good. The bread was not the best i've had when it comes to bruschetta but the spreads were very tasty.
We split linguine bolognese with meatballs and a primavera pizza. The linguine and meatballs were good, not amazing but decent. I like the bolognese but wish there was a little more marinara in the sauce. The pizza was also good and heated up well the next day when I ate the leftovers.
Our server was really nice, very friendly and made sure everything came out okay and that everything was up to par. I would visit again if I was in the area and wanted Italian food.We can rarely afford to go out for dinner in this economy, so when a Groupon for a local business, who we like to support, becomes available we jump on it. I've never had an experience with a Groupon like the one I had at La Fourno.  On a Thursday evening we walked in to see a sign taped to a pizza box saying that all TravelZoo and Groupon type holders need to make a reservation.  The place had lots of empty tables so they decided to let us stay, but... and here's the weird thing.... the owner said that he would feel "more comfortable" if we would show our Groupon.  They made us stand practically in the doorway while I pulled it up using my app on my phone.  Imagine my surprise when I handed them the phone to see the Groupon and he redeemed it "so he would feel comfortable" before we were even led to a table to sit down.  Very uncool.  We are in our 50's and hardly look the type who would dine and dash.  How do I know that when I went to pay my bill he wouldn't have said that it was already redeemed?  How do I know that I'd find $50 worth of stuff I wanted to eat on the menu?  Maybe I would have decided to only order a pizza and pay cash. Now that made ME uncomfortable.  We did spend $18 over the Groupon and we paid with a card.  I saw another review on here that said they were made to pay cash.  I guess we were lucky.
Our waiter, Ryan, was excellent; knowledgeable about the menu and personable. He made sure we never wanted for anything and was quick to replace our empty glass Coke bottles with full ones (highlight of the meal, actually).  Nice guy.  
We ordered the pizzette and it smelled a little off and the crust was undercooked and doughy in the center.  It tasted okay, but the smell was a little off-putting.  The winter salad was mediocre, however, the sausage that topped it was great; the best thing we ate!  The veal and mushroom ravioli and putanesca were both average.  There are many good reviews here for the food, but I have to be honest and say that it really wasn't all that good.  Everyone is entitled to an off night. I hear the pizza is the best thing to try.Very solid! I'd definitely come back!
Nice little place I found thanks to Yelp! Owner is friendly guy with a big Philly accent who may greet you while you enter. The downstairs is cozy and inviting and just what I was looking for. 
After my mother was done flirting with the owner, we sat down and had a delicious margherita pizza as an appetizer. Good choice for starters! I really like that type of Americanized Southern Italian sweet sauce which smothered the pizza!
The homemade linguini was excellent and cooked well! Bolognese was solid, chicken parm nicely cooked and my mother's caprese salad was as good as the owner said it would be. Also, she had a bowl of lentil soup that could kick the pants off nearly any other lentil soup. 
Sir Francis the waiter was friendly, helpful and not overbearing. Definitely worth your time for very decent Italian in a city full of solid competitors! Prices are just right as well.So I had the opportunity to get myself out of the house, child free but with a mother in law in tow. We decided we'd go to a show at the society hill playhouse. As we bought our tickets the day of we were kindly given a list of cooperating restaurants who seem to be offering discounts to ticket holders and one of the restaurants listed was La Fourno.
It all started with me calling the restaurant on a Friday and simply asking a curious question. "How likely would it be if I were to make a reservation for 3 people for within the next 3 hours??" pause and reply from worker "Can you be here by 6pm?"  me = "winning!"
Honestly when we pulled up just from the looks of it I thought it'd be just like any regular old pizza joint. A quick in and than a quick out. To my amazement it was far from that. It was the most quant little holes you want to find yourself in. Because it was close to halloween all the employees had on costumes of some sort and I just loved it. It made the atmosphere more enjoyable just to know that the employer would allow the employees to have a little fun even if it was dressing up as someone else for a night or two.
The food was amazing. I had the Pollo Gaetano, the chicken was cooked perfectly, the pasta was flavorful!  I actually could have finished my entire meal. That says alot!! If given more time to eat and nay to the 2 glasses of wine I allowed myself to consume, I'm sure I would have finished it.
Me, my mother in law, and my sister in law left proclaiming how we'd love to come back again to La Fourno and have a romantic dinner with the hubs. Definitely worth a try!great pizza selection and prices are so reasonable! I was impressed with the soft -thin crust.
Our waiter was pleasant, we received great customer service. What a gem on South Street.This place is great.  The food is scrumptious and the service is outstanding.  Very friendly and fun.  It looks like a regular pizza parlor so you have to walk way in to see how it morphs into a lovely restaurant.  Recently at a function in the upstairs room which is quite lovely with a long bar and a fireplace.  Great place to have a gathering.  If you want a good laugh, ask the owner about why the name is spelled incorrectly and what his Italian mother has to say about it.My star is based on Groupon dinner only. Used the groupon for dinner for two. Got salad ( fresh and yummy), soup( home style cooking) and pizza for appetizer. I saw a lot of reviews that their pizza is great and it was right. Pizza was delicious. Must get the pizza if you go. We got veal Parmesan and stuffed chicken dish for main. They were pretty good but I thought veal dish price is too high. For groupon deal, they were awesome.I had a groupon deal and went with another person. We could order up to $40 worth of food and it was amazing. Their waiters are a little awkward but they try to engage with customers. It's an old Italian restaurant but their food was amazing. I loved their calamari dishes and their desserts were off the chain! Their portions were enormous! I would definitely recommend this place to friends=)I was always skeptical of this place because of its location, but La Fourno is way more South *Philly* than South *Street*
The environment is intimate and inviting; the service was excellent. The homemade bread is addictive, a bottomless portion served with an herb-infused olive oil. My boyfriend & I each started with a caesar salad--good, but definitely not like mom makes... and more Caesar-esque than Caesar "proper." My pasta was the special of the evening: a non-fusilli, but curly-ish pasta, with shrimp, snowpeas, fresh tomatoes, sundried tomatoes, and artichoke. We shared a small carafe of a montepulciano; quaint as a table wine, but forgettable otherwise. BF had the veal parmigiana, because they've been awarded "Best of Philly" 4 years running. Nevermind the fact that he's otherwise not really a fan of veal parmigiana--but this is on him, not La Fourno. 
We were fairly pleased with our new find, but then the bill came. $92 for the above mentioned meal felt really excessive. It was a nice meal, but not an exceptional one. At that price, everything comes under closer scrutiny, and I would've rather dropped that money at one of our BYO faves.Unexpected but a great little Italian dinner stop.
Open kitchen in the front and a handful of tables in the back. It is not a fine dining establishment but it's not pizza joint either.
The food here was surprising good and affordable so this is an easy choice for a simple dinner.
Their pastas and pizzas are pretty incredible, and they usually have some special that the owners created in Italy (or learned there) like their special bread appetizer. Ask the waitress what is authentic or good and I am sure you won't be disappointed.Ate at this neighborhood starwart again last week and was generally pleased with the meal - great (small) pizzas - they do personal size pizza's for one. Also tried my dining partner's Fetuccine Alfredo with chicken - the cream sauce was tasty but the chicken in the dish was kind of like that found in a pot pie - small rubbery and tasteless chunks. Dessert was from the dessert table sitting in the middle of the room and was a dry Tira Misu. Not so hot. The place gets crazy noisy when all the tables are filled, which is due to the smallish room into which they have shoehorned as many tables as possible. Also our table was unfortunately on the west wall - this is next to the aisle used by the waiters, who scurried back and forth all evening inches from our table, the wood floor amplifying their foot steps - thump thump thump. Next time will know better than to sit next to the waiter flight path. Staff very friendly - in fact they have the friendliest wait staff in the city. Why are they so cheerful?  All in all a B+.My family and I visited La Fourno while on vacation in Philadelphia. We asked the barrista at The Bean Cafe across the street (which you should also visit) for a pizza recommendation, and he sent us here. I can't say enough good things about it. The food was fantastic, the service was excellent, the restaurant was so cute, and I could go on! The kitchen mixed up the toppings on our pizza order, and they couldn't have been more gracious in bringing out new pizzas right away, which were delicious. Then, they brought us free dessert and coffee to make up for the mistake, which was so much more than we expected. Everything was great, and we will definitely tell everyone we know to go there. We wish we lived closer so we could be regulars!Moderately priced Italian restaurant, friendly service. Nothing particularly stood out as amazing food, but good value for money.
We were there with a large group and people overall seemed satisfied with the pasta dishes, including penne a la vodka and lobster ravioli.  The flatbread pizza was good, and they have about 20 varieties of toppings.  the crust came out slightly charred, which I happen to like. 
I heard that the tiramisu is delicious, and may be worth a try.
We washed it down with a pleasant bottle of red wine. Overall, a good experience, though I won't be rushing back.We had a great little wedding reception using the second floor of La Fourno. Al the owner and Francis, who served us and managed the setup, were so easy to work with and made the whole thing run smoothly from the first sit down to discuss the menu to final cake cutting.
Best of all, the food here is delicious and everyone enjoyed it.Like Quattro Gusti and Inferno Pies but they are a bit to salty for me these days.   Isgro cannoli make it even badder!  This place rocks!  Ask them to make the crust thin.My mom and I had tried to make a reservation elsewhere, but weren't able to get one until really late, so we tried to walk in - and were told that without a reservation, we'd have over an hour's wait. Then we commenced walking around trying to find somewhere to eat, discovering that everywhere was packed. We finally stumbled upon La Fourno and I'm so glad we did! It doesn't look like much on the outside, but they had a menu that looked good. 
There wasn't a wait, so at first I was worried there was a reason for that. Turns out, there just... wasn't a wait. We ordered a couple glasses of the house red wine to start, which was good. For dinner I had the Penne with Pomodori La Fourno, which was REALLY good. I loved the addition of feta & olives, and although I couldn't specifically taste the cognac, it did have a unique taste to it beyond the typical pasta pomodoro, and it was delicious. Entrees also come with a shared antipasto plate and a bread basket; the menu states you get a salad and garlic bread, but that's changed since the menu was printed. The antipasto plate was similar to a salad and was delicious (and came with the cutest little forks!) and the bread came with a pesto-y olive oil dip that was good, too. 
Apparently, they also have "bad boys in bow ties" who run around upstairs doing... things? I'm not entirely sure what they do, but they were running around the ground floor serving people as well. A little weird, because why does an Italian restaurant have dancing semi-topless dudes, but also rather entertaining!I really enjoy going to La Fourno. The owner, Al, is always there, checking in to see how things are going, if you need anything, clearing tables, etc. The wait staff is always friendly and pleasant, and checks in just often enough. The food is great, servings plentiful, and the Italian Margarita is fantastic. 
I love little local places like this. I've been here many times, and I'll be back again.Excellent veal parm. Pasta dishes were great as well. Awesome service.Nice establishment. Quality service, good food. Excellent execution. Pleasant atmosphere. Nice date spot on South.Can't comment on the service because we always order for delivery, but in this Wookiee's opinion, the Florentine pie is the city's best - a masterful concoction of fresh tomato, mozzarella, olive oil, oregano, black olives and perfectly salted prosciutto.  I would eat Bantha meat for a week just to afford one twenty inch pie on a Friday night.  For appetizers, the grilled calamari is outstanding, with a competent salad selection to boot.I'm not sure I want to tell people about this special restaurant because I think it is a neighborhood secret. Such perfect service there and the food is always a wonderful delicious surprise. I always wonder who is it back there making these beautifully presented plates and food. It often feels like dining at a very fine establishment. And you can always get a table. I just keep bringing people there. A great date place. All I know is that the owner's mother is Italian. And I will keep on going back.This place is the best! Incredible food, great people, convenient location. 
We've been going to La Fourno for years--the penne alla vodka is my absolute favorite Italian dish, and Al's is the best I've ever had. 
We just had our engagement dinner there last night, and everything was perfect. Our guests couldn't stop raving about the food, and the service was impeccable. 
Can't say enough good things.Monday night we had my girlfriends surprise birthday dinner here and it was amazing. To start, we had made a 7 oclock reservation for a party of 8 and they had no problem accomodating. We were running a 20 minutes late and they still made sure we had our table and that my girlfriend was surprised. Secondly the wine selection was a little limited but what the wine they did have paired perfectly with our meal. The fresh bread to start was great and the bruchetta was amazing as well. My girlfriend and I shared an Large orto pie and it was delicious. The rest of the party had calamari, shrimp scampi, gnocchi and another large lie and all of those were delicious as well.  We finished it off with acake and they had the whole restaurant sing to her which was great and we decided to pair that with their espresso martini which I highly reccommend. Overall the experience was great. The food, staff, and ambience of this place should not be missed. We will definitely be back.As other reviewers have stated, the outside of this place definitely hides the awesomeness within.  Situated next to what appears to be a fetish store(?), La Fourno turns out to be a small neighborhood type Italian restaurant.  By small I mean one waiter small.  Our waiter, and the rest of the staff, was very attentive without being overbearing.  They were pleasant and funny in a way lacking in some larger establishments.  The owner also made his way around and there were certainly some regulars in the place, who he greeted personally.
The food was very good.  We were brought complimentary bread and salad, which was nice.  Our app and entrees were excellent and the portions were appropriately large.  I liked that there were some plain/simple pasta dishes available, unlike some Italian spots.  You could get cheese ravs or fettuccine alfredo for ~$10.  Not every dish needed to be flourished up with wild boar ragu or sepia ink to just jack up the prices.  Sometimes I want a perfect pasta meal, without spending a fortune.  We will be back many times I hope.I've walked down this block of South Street countless times, and it never registered that there was an Italian restaurant nestled in between the crazy sneaker stores.
It's nice to see a place with a good range of things on their menu, price-wise. You could get two pasta dishes, like gnocchi with pesto and the special pumpkin ravioli, like we did, plus dessert, and spend close to $40. Or you could get a pizza for like $15. The bread was yummy and complimentary salads were a nice surprise. Our pastas were good; not quite the light fluffy just freshly made texture, but better than the just out of the freezer taste; the pesto sauce was excellent, very basil-y. The tiramisu was light and flavorful. The front of the house guy was really nice and seemed to know everyone who walked in the door. And our waiter, who barely cleared the top of our high cafe table, was energetic and incredibly entertaining. Definitely a good place to head back to on another I-don't-feel-like-cooking night.I asked an employee at the design firm down the street where to get the closest and best "casual italian" They sent us to La Fourno. I add the word causal because no matter how good the food is, I always feel uncomfortable feeling under-dressed in a swanky restaurant. We enjoyed our experience immensely. I had the baked penne and my fiance had the Linguini Bolognese. The bread is fresh and comes with seasoned olive oil for dipping. The dinner salads are small but the right size to go with the meal. The service was exceptional. We will be back! our bill was under $30.00 which is pretty good for a great meal, sans drinks from the bar  :o)
They get pretty busy on the weekends so I guess they suggest making a reservation for dinner.Although I've lived in the neighborhood for nearly 25 years, I've only recently discovered La Fourno.  We've been going regularly for 2 years now and the food has always been superb.  The staff are friendly and from the pizzas (the pizza with potato - just like in Rome - is my favorite), to the pasta to the meat and seafood entrees - always a terrific meal.So glad we found this place! Excellent Italian food and even more amazing service. We were warmly greeted by the owners on our way in. The place is BYOB on Tuesday and Friday, and the other days it's a $20 corking fee if you choose not to buy their wines. We had Fried Calamari to share, then she had Veal and Sage Ravioli and I had Veal Parmesan. Everything was fantastic. The entrees did take quite a while to come out unfortunately, but the owner and server very graciously took care of us to ensure our experience was still a good one. It was worth the wait and we'll definitely be back! 
P.S. They also deliver!Cozy place for some tasty, yet not so expensive Italian dishes. Veal Parmesan! Pesto Pizza! Their salads are very flavorful. Service is great, being such a cozy place it feels good to have people check in on you.Like so many other places I go, I came here because of a Groupon. It's right on South St., so it's a happening neighborhood (as evidenced by the fact that on our walk back after dinner, we passed a young person throwing up in an alley...it wasn't even 10:30--but I digress.) We were late for our reservation, but the staff was very kind and seated us right away. Besides the server being a little overeager and excitable, there wasn't anything particularly wrong with this place. The food was good. I had the gorgonzola gnocche, and my boyfriend had the veal parmigiana (which Overeager Waiter mentioned was voted best in the city for like 7 years in a row.) We were both fine with our choices, but I guess I was expecting something besides a big bowl of gnocche (also known as the equivalent of a 10 lb brick sitting in your stomach), and my boyfriend thought that while the veal was good, it probably wasn't the best he'd ever had. The portions were huge, like way, way too big. I took some home as leftovers, but the cream sauce made the gnocche not as good the second time around. We had some sort of chocolate cake thing for dessert; it was something like chocolate cake with layers of chocolate mousse, dipped in chocolate and with white chocolate shavings. Again, the waiter told us it was voted best dessert like 5 or 6 years ago. It was good, but we've definitely had more drool-worthy desserts elsewhere (which is shocking because usually anything dipped in dark chocolate is automatically amazing!) 
Our slight issue was when the bill came and I put my Groupon folded in half on the plate on which they handed us the bill. When I had made the reservation, they had verified that I was using a Groupon, so I figured that, plus having it right under the bill, would ensure that it was counted. Unfortunately, the waiter returned with a bill for the whole price. He seemed pretty flustered when we pointed it out, but it was sorted out. It just seemed like he was blaming us for not telling him as soon as we sat down that we had a Groupon. So overall, a good dining experience, but I don't think we'll be rushing back any time soon.We go here often and always leave satisfied. There aren't many places in Philadelphia where, top to bottom regarding the staff, are so polite, recognize us by name and make sure to enhance our visit. Thanks La Fourno for being so classy and such a great affordable place close to home on South Street which is otherwise the NJ boardwalk west.I looked through a number of the reviews here, and it seems like the people who are disappointed are disappointed because of something pertaining to Groupon. I don't have any experience with that, but don't let Groupon deter you. This place is wonderful.
La Fourno wasn't my plan tonight. I'd stopped by another Italian restaurant for my birthday late lunch/early dinner with a friend, and it wasn't open until 5. I was really hungry, and my friend said she'd heard La Fourno was good, so we walked down to South Street. 
We were greeted by two different people coming in and told that we could sit wherever we liked. We ordered the $7 whiskey sours in mason jars, and they were perfect. We both ended up getting the Baked Rigatoni, which was delicious. The sauce was perfect and had just the right amount of kick. The rigatoni were perfectly cooked. There was lots of gooey mozzarella melted on top of it (and ricotta within). The portion size was perfect as well, as was the portion:price ratio. Our waiter was great and checked in on us regularly to see if we needed anything. When we left, we actually joked that we felt like we were getting off of an airplane because a row of employees was essentially in a line and each one told us thank you and to have a good night.
So for two of us to each get a mason jar cocktail and baked rigatoni, along with bread and salad, the total bill before tip came to around $40. I thought that was great compared to some other places. I will definitely go back to try some of the other dishes, as well!Got a Groupon for my moms bday which seemed like a great deal, dinner for 4 people for only $100, which included 4 alcoholic beverages, four soups or salads, four entrees and two desserts. The choices for entree were plentiful and there were 3 choices for desserts. So service was very friendly and efficient. They were also very patient and kind to my almost 2 year old who was a little cranky and active as usual. The ambience is lacking my sister thought it looked like a pizzeria upon entering it but for a small dining area I thought it was ok but not great, could use updating. The bathrooms were on the second floor and were clean. Now to the food, the bread for the table was yummy and fresh we had about three baskets. The caesar salad was just ok. My husband and sister liked their house salad. I got the shrimp scampi which was very yummy and flavorful. My son loved the pasta that I shared with him. For dessert I had the pastry with Nutella and berry filling which was light tasting and yummy. When we received the bill we were shocked they put the total value of what we got which was covered by our Groupon but we were responsible for tax and gratuity which came up to $53! I was expecting $30 out of pocket after Groupon. I asked for the waiter who got his manager and he tried to explain the bill and said he didn't know why Groupon said the value of food was $194.60 instead of the $201 on our bill. He was very nice to us and said he would adjust bill which we ended up giving us $2 back and two gift certificates for two future visits each good for one free entree and dessert. So overall it was a good experience and my mother enjoyed her food and so did we but I just didn't feel for the ambiance and food it was a $200 dinner.What a wonderful place. Complimentary salad and bread was tasty, pasta was well cooked, dishes were hot and mostly service was spectacular 
Highly recommendedI took one of my friends here last year on her birthday and was pleasantly surprised by how great this place is! It was bustling with activity, but the experience turned out well. The food is classic Italian and executed very much to my liking. The corking fee-free Fridays are a plus too!Went because I got a deal on travel zoo.  Because of the deal we were able to get an appetizer, two pizzas, and a dessert for an awesome deal.  Given the value of the meal for the voucher it would probably be a 5 star place, however, if i was paying full freight it is more likely a 3 star place.  
we had an eggplant appetizer which we both like, even if it was slightly bland.  I appreciated that they were able to make it without mushrooms as requested which always makes me feel good about the fact that the food is actually being made in the kitchen rather than simply heated up.  
we got two pizzas.  one was a meat lovers style and the other was a veggie pizza with a pesto/garlic sauce of some sort.  The pies are thing crust and were pretty good.  I've never been a huge thing crust guy, so that probably effects the rating a little bit.  
Of the pizzas I liked the veggie one better.  This was surprising to me since I'm normally a bigger fan of pizzas with red sauce.  I'm not sure if this was a signal of how good the veggie was or how indifferent i was to their red sauce.  It certainly wasnt bad, but I don't think I was a big fan of it either. 
Dessert was a really good chocolate chip cookie, that I probably wouldnt have ordered had it not been for the Travel Zoo voucher.  
I probably would go back if i another voucher showed up on travel zoo or something. 
if you're a fan of thin crust i'd say its worth a shot.We loved La Fourno! From the outside it looks like a little pizza place but it has amazing Italian food and the service was great. It definitely feels like a family run business and the care that they put in shows. I would highly recommend the tiger shrimp appetizer. We will be back!Like many other Yelpers, I came here armed with a Groupon and hungry fiance. 
As an app, we got the Farinatta bread which sounded like a unique treat. The texture was definitely interesting -- very soft and slightly grainy from the chick peas. By itself, it's a little bland, but they serve it with two different cheeses and a heaping portion of roasted red peppers that take it to the next level. Probably wouldn't order it again, but it was worth trying once.
We split the Pollo Valdostana ($19) and baked penne with ricotta and sausage ($11) for dinner. The chicken dish sounded incredible on the menu, but didn't quite deliver. I loved the sauce it came with, but unfortunately it was pretty overcooked/dry and seriously lacking in the prosciutto and fontina it was supposed to be stuffed with. The penne, on the other hand, offered a heaping portion of perfectly cooked pasta and sausage. Simple, but homey and delicious (and only $11!).
Overall, La Fourno was a great deal with a Groupon. Without the discount, you have to be a little more careful with what you order to get your money's worth.
I should also note that our service was fantastic all night. Very attentive and knowledgeable staff that made a big difference in our experience. Decor is rustic and general atmosphere is really nice for a slightly upscale dinner.
There are certainly worse ways to spend your money on South Street!My gnocchi in gorgonzola sauce were little clouds of deliciousness. My friend's lobster ravioli was full of flavor and I practically had to roll her home. And to top it off, salad and bread came WITH my entree.  
The service was schmooz-y (which I totally love) and prompt. I don't think we waited more than 3 minutes between courses of bread, salad, and entree.  I will definitely be back with another Italian margarita in hand!Excellent!  The service was wonderful.  My girlfriend and I got three appetizers and a dessert.  The food was out swiftly from the time we ordered.  We were seated immediately.   Everything we ordered I would order again..... stuffed mussels, portabella polenta, bruchetta misto,  and a Nutella dessert.  YUM!I like the food at LaFourno.  It's tasty and reasonably priced.
But the service just kinda creeped my out.  Yeah, we went pretty late, so we were some of the last people in the restaurant.  But I just want to enjoy a nice quiet dinner with my girlfriend.  You don't have to keep checking on us every five minutes.
So it's probably a good place to go with friends, especially if its busy.  Me, I think I'm gonna look a little harder for a quiet dinner spot on South Street next time.Amazing thin crust pizza! 
Had a Groupon so decided to check it out. Their portions are huge and when ordering wine by the glass, their pours are very generous.  The staff is very polite and generous.  They make you feel at home and take care of you.  
Tried the Pesto Pizza and the Pizza La Fourno.  Both were amazing, cooked to perfection with a crispy crust.  The Baked Penne was also very delicious.  
However, the best thing on the menu was the Lobster Ravioli!!!  A definite must try!A must visit in philly ! Everything about this place was great, the cozy , homey decor the owner was welcoming the wait staff was great and even the complimentary bread was the bomb ! The food was authentic italian ! No fake olive garden trash in here ! This place is like grandma or mama would make if your grandma was from italy ! Bravo ! Bravo !I have been to this place once but have been impressed by the food alot. I know alot of Italian people in town so I usually eat home made Italian food but this is a very good place to get some good italian food. 
We had a big lunch at this place and pastas were very good, I really liked the Penne Alla Vodka pasta. I had ordered the PUCILLO pizza and it was very tasty as well. 
It is not a very big place but if you make reservations in advance they can create space for you. The staff is very nice and cordial. I would definitely recommend this place.Great place for delivery! I made two orders already from there. First time it was 10"Philly pizza(very tasty), bruschetta was a bit too juicy, penne pomodoro was served with salad and garlic bread and also was really good. Today we ordered penne alla vodka (delicious), prosciuitto paninis ( very tasty), grilled shimps ( awesome) and la fourno salad ( huge and full of everything :)) 
So, the food was very delicious. Honestly, we didnt finish it because all portions are really big. Also it was very hot, when it arrived! Delivery tooks about 40 minutes each time. 
I would definitely recommend this place.I had a Groupon to this place, so decided to check it out for the first time. Like some other reviewers have noted, the place looks kind of shabby on the outside, but the inside is clean, quaint, and charming. Beyond this, the waiters genuinely embody a sort of South Street spirit--friendly, warm, and inviting, they do pretty much everything they can to make your experience happy and satisfying. My boyfriend and I shared the red-sauce mussels as an appetizer, which was delicious; even better was the waiters' continued insistence that we get more bread, so that we could mop up the sauce. We must have gone through four baskets of warm, seemingly fresh-out-of-the-oven bread. 
Otherwise, we had the much-raved about veal parmesan and the lobster ravioli. The texture of the veal was great (crispy on the outside, pleasantly tender on the inside, the overall crisp not overwhelmed by the sauce), but the sauce was tad bit too acidic/tomato-y for us. The lobster ravioli was perfect; creamy and rich, the portion may not look like much, but we had to doggy-bag it, we were so full. We also shared the tiramisu dessert, which was intensely flavored, unlike the soggy cream-and-coffee-liqueur-laden masses you sometimes run across. It really embodied the literal meaning of the word "tiramisu," or "pick-me-up."
Again, I cannot say enough how friendly and warm the staff were. At the table behind us, one of the waiters was chatting with the family there and eventually they invited him to sit with him--it was adorable how well they all got on. At the table in front of us, the waiter was engrossed in an hours-long conversation with the three teenaged patrons, one of whom told him as they left that he was "one of the most interesting guys [he'd] ever talked to." This place seriously has the ambiance for an amazing time, the people to make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside, and the food to make your mouth water.I have been a regular at La Fourno since 2008.  I obviously enjoy the food--it is seriously delicious and a great value for the price.  I am quite certain that my husband has tried every single pasta dish and pizza, and has never been disappointed.  I will say here that if you do have any problems with the food (or anything else), if you mention it to a server or the owner, it is corrected in record time.  Also, since 2008 I have had serious health issues that requires me to be on a restricted diet. The owner, Al, and his crew figured out how to create amazing off-menu dinners for me.  They have been so, so wonderful in accommodating me.  The servers are amazing with this, especially Francis. I am very aware that there are only a handful of restaurants that would go to these measures to make sure I enjoy my dinner while not eating any of the foods that will make me ill.  In sum, excellent food, great ambiance, fabulous and accommodating owner and servers, and BYO.  Can't ask for much more than that in a restaurant!La Fourno is a great little Italian restaurant on South Street. The ambiance is very classic, but the prices and the wait staff make you feel so comfortable. The owner is there every night and  the nicest guy you've ever met. 
Great food. Great prices. Great restaurant.Went here with my fiancée tonight and we both loved it. The food was delicious. I got the Chicken Parmesan, which was a huge portion and all the ingredients tasted very fresh. My fiancée got the Calamari Fra Diavolo, which was even better. We could tell by the flavors and textures of everything that the ingredients really were fresh. The service was very kind as well. The only minor problem was that the food took a little while to come out, but they seemed to realize that and sent us a salad while we waited, on the house! Certainly kept us in a good mood while we waited.
I'd absolutely eat here again, it was a great experience.We came here with a Groupon on Friday night and we loved it! The waiter was very funny and attentive and knew what he was talking about.
The bread was warm and delicious and the caesar salad was good (a little over-dressed but I'm rather picky about that). My entree, Shrimp Diavolo was divine - the shrimp were very large and the sauce had a lot of flavor. My boyfriend really enjoyed his veal parm as well. The dessert, orange ricotta in a pastry (I forget the name), was warm and delicious.
We would definitely come back. Not a place that you would necessarily go for ambiance - but the food and service was top notch.I'll always come back here. La Fourno is a quality restaurant with quality people and quality food. It's a cozy venue that makes you feel right at home. They always have Michael Búble on when I'm there... I love it... They have a brick oven as soon as you walk in, a small bar, and a handful of tables. It feels veru intimate. They have space for parties and stuff upstairs, but I've never been for anything like that. I've never been to Italy or anything, but if I had to imagine what a small restaurant in Italy was like, this would be it. 
The food is always good. Their bread is SO good. It's soft, warm, and absolutely amazing. I always end up with at least 2 baskets. The calamari, fried or grilled is always delicious and fresh. I've had the chicken parm, which is supposedly the best in Philly. Is it? I wouldn't know. I don't go everywhere and try their chicken parms. But it's definitely really tasty. I've been several times and the food is always perfect. The pizza is perfectly cooked, the pastas are yummy, and I can't find anything to complain about the food. The portions are fairly generous. Ladies usually don't finish their plates and there have been days when I couldn't finish either. I think if I blinded opened up the menu, put my finger down somewhere and ordered whatever it was, I would be more than happy with it. Honestly, it's all good. 
But the reason I will always go back is because of Francis. My favorite waiter at any restaurant. He always remembers me, gives me the same table every time (if it's available), and he will make sure to have a pleasant chat with you to catch up. I hadn't been for like 8 months or so, but as soon as I walked in today, he gave me the biggest hug and welcomed me in as if I had been there just yesterday. It's always good to walk into a restaurant and feel like you're back at home with family.One of my favorite Italian restaurants.  I have been going here for 3-4 years and I have yet to have a bad meal.   This place is good for the single diner, two, a couple of friends, or a lively family.  
Their chicken parm is my favorite dish.  Also the stuffed mussels were excellent.  The baked rigatoni was also quite good.  
I also enjoy their pizzas.  The food and the service here are consistent and steady.  
Also the owner does a good job of making you feel welcome and appreciated.  
The bathrooms were also nice and clean.I went with friends for dinner during the week. Though it was quite busy, the place did not seem to be adequately staffed. Also, it's really small, close, and loud inside on the first floor (did not see the upstairs).
The food was good. It wasn't great, surely. We started with an appetizer of bruschetta, which ended up being about half the size of portions I've had at many other restaurants of equal (even lesser) caliber. One in our party ordered a calzone. He said it was very good, but it was tiny compared to any pizza place you can order them from, cheaper. Pasta dishes were served in bowls, which I thought was a bit tacky. I ordered Linguine Bolognese, and it was good (as I said), but not great as their guarantee implied it would be. Outside the door as you walk in, you're promised the best dining experience of your life or you don't pay. We didn't press it, but I know I didn't have the best experience ever. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, either.We enjoyed a Calzone and plate of calamari in this place. The food is great, and the price is reasonable. It was not as good as at our favorite place in New York though, so I decided to give for instead of five stars. Besides, one of the waiters tried to screw is a few times already. One time, he did not serve us the bread that other customers did get. Another time, he did not want to serve us a Calzone because "they are only served for lunch". That was obviously nonsense because we ate Calzones for dinner there before.We ducked into LaFourno while visiting Philly from Louisville Kentucky. My son wanted pizza, so this looks like a good option. Boy, were we right!
The pizza my son ordered was crispy on the bottom, woodfired, and perfect! I had to steal a piece right away!
I ordered a dish and that was chicken stuffed with prosciutto and mozzarella covered with a marsala wine sauce. It came with a side of homemade pasta with olio. Delish!  My husband ordered a ravioli type pasta stuffed with veal in a cream sauce!  Killer!
Tiramisu and a lovely pastry stuffed with strawberries and walnuts ended our feast. 
Al, the owner, was so friendly!  He took awesome care of us as did all the staff. We will come back to philly just to eat here again!  Thanks Al!Called their phone line and left a VM for a reservation, and got a call back from the owner! Well done! He called to let me know that there was availability and to see if we were using any kind of voucher, I told him yes, I had purchased one through Travelzoo, and he just reminded me to bring in my voucher and was very pleasant about it (sometimes the owners get touchy when you mention a voucher). Well done again. I'm very excited about going there, and will update soon!We were walking by ready to go home and get fast food due to the first restaurant being so busy and loud. We walked by La Fourno and it caught our eye, we went in and were asked if we had a reservation. We did not, our waiter/hostess was able to squeeze us in and get us a table in 10 min. The food was AMAZING! The customer service was AMAZING! The timeliness to get our food was also...AMAZING! It was such a family friendly atmosphere and all the wait staff and even owner were making sure we were happy with everything. The bartender was one of the nicest bartenders ever. Everything was perfect!!! It's the perfect date night place. We even were given hugs when we left. I wish I could eat here every day!Good Italian food on South street. Not the best Italian food in the city though. It's good for a group and kids. They had great non-traditional bruschetta options as an appetizer. They also make their own chick pea based bread, which has a texture similar to cornbread. This bread is served with sewer red peppers and cheese. They provided a small salad to eat while waiting for the main course which was a nice touch.
Unfortunately I can't remember the names of all the dishes so I'll just describe what's in them. See the accompanying pictures for details.The pizzas are a super good deal.  $10?  Done.  They come loaded with toppings - almost too loaded - making it harder to eat (think, broccoli sliding off the side and dropping into your lap).  But I think it's well worth it.  The pasta dishes and entrees are much pricier, but appear to be huge portions.  The table next to us got veal parmigian I think, and that was a massive plate of food.  
Between my date and me, we had a salad, pizza, and side of roasted red peppers.  It was plenty of food, and we took a couple slices of the pie home.  The way they packaged it was annoying, though.  Just kind of loose in a white paper bag!  It got watery, and we just gave it to a south street bum, instead of it leaking all over us on our walk home.
Will be back for a cheap, fresh, delicious pie.  But next time I'll eat the whole thing.Absolutely love this place!! The food was amazing!!  Francis is so welcoming, funny and sweet!  The salmon in parchment was sooo good and very moist and tender.  My husband had veal parmagiana and they were right best in Philadelphia!!  We will definitely be back!I love this place! Everything is incredibly fresh and delicious. The portions are huge and the service is excellent.By far the best Italian food I've ever had. The waiter told us in the beginning that if we were in a rush then it wasn't the restaurant for us to be in. We waited anyway and it was so worth every single minute and penny. It was amazing. We got the shrimp scampi, penne a la vodka and a pizza just to try everything. It was all amazing.  It's so sad that I don't live in philly but if I come back, it's definitely going to be a go to place for me.This is one of many visits to LaFo (sorry I'm lazy).  The service is great and the food is too.  I highly recommend this restaurant for a date night and for get togethers as a group.  Their lobster ravioli is amazing and their brick oven pizza is delish as well. I would suggest the Primavera and the BBQ chicken pizza.
FYI they are byob on Friday nights!
Traffic is a bit of a pain but it's the luck of the draw-sometimes you can get a spot right out front and other times you're stuck a few blocks away.  I suggest giving yourself some extra time for parking if you made a reservation.Nice little place , I really like the bread they make there.  Service is always attentive and friendly, and more professional than you usually get in the area.This was a great surprise.  We went to Philadelphia for a concert last Friday at the TLA, and were wandering around looking for a place which served food, had real tables, and preferably a liquor license (the closest place was Joe's, which I was warned against).
Bar, sex shop, bar, bar, cheap jewelry/clothing store, bar, bar, should we turn around?  Then we got a whiff of something which smelled good, looked up, and we were at La Fourno (calling it a pizza place is a bit of a misnomer, as it's a trattoria)
Immediately seated at their last open table (it was 7 on a Friday), we looked for drinks.  I started with their espresso martini--espresso, frangelico, vodka--($9) and Jim had the first of 2 glasses of montepulciano ($8 each).    
Caprese Salad: not your traditional tomato/mozzerlla/basil version, but one which was more like a chopped salad with the addition of cucumbers, red onions and red leaf lettuce with a generous amount of balsamic vinagrette.  I found it a little salty and oily, but my husband loved it.
Mussels in red sauce: these were perfect.  Hot, tender, larger than what we've had recently (I was afraid there was a PEI mussel shortage because most we'd gotten recently were tiny, but not here!), well seasoned.  They forgot to bring us bread to dip into the mussels, which was probably fine because Jim is doing the (evil) low-carb thing.
Side of meatballs (the owner stopped by to make sure the kitchen hadn't made a mistake because the pasta was "missing").  Good.  Basic veal/beef/pork mixture with a wonderfully chunky and tangy sauce.
Grilled tiger shrimp: these were absolutely perfect.  I wasn't even hungry, but ate more than my share because they were so good.  
Other drinks: there was a pomegranate cocktail which was too sweet for me; I requested soda water to be added to lighten the sweetness.  I followed this up with a request for a modified java junkie (vodka shaken with a touch of frangelico and kahlua, speared cherry).
Total including tax and tip: $90
My only criticism is that everything was served too quickly, so our table filled up (fortunately, we had a 4-top for the 2 of us).  We didn't really mind, but did have to rearrange the plates a few times in order to reach some items which were just brought out.
Other items of note: en route to the restrooms upstairs are gowns, kimonos, etc.  I'm not sure if it was from someone's mother (most of the  dresses would have been at home on the Dynasty set) or a thin drag queen, but the prices were $15 each.  
There's a fixed-price menu which we may try next time, but we certainly left happy and in good spirits.My favorite go-to italian place. The food is delicous, reasonably priced, and the service is excellent! I mean, seriously, i wish i was treated like this everywhere i dined. The only time we've ever had a problem with the waitstaff was when two servers wanted to wait on our table and brought us double the drinks. woohoo. 
 i go for the pasta (not the pizza) and everything i've tried has been great.  i wouldn't say that it's the best italian that i've ever had, but i always have a nice dining experience when i'm there. there was one dish that was extrordinary, but i can't remember the name of it. It's a chicken and mushroom dish with a balsamic vinegarette reduction and it's absolutely amazing. 
the dining room is a bit small, so i wouldn't recommend coming here with a group. but with a date - yes! with your parents - yes! by yourself - yes!AWESOME!!!!
Everything about La Fourno is great. The staff( who are very attentive and welcoming) and THE FOOD.....YUM YUM YUM! I'm on a quest to try everything on the menu. Definitely a wonderful restaurant to celebrate any occasion or just to sit down after a day of shopping on South St to get a great meal........Super Thumbs Up!Excellent service.  Excellent food with good sized portions.  At our table we had tilapia in a butter lemon sauce, a steak cooked as requested (medium rare), a chicken and sausage dish in a reduction that was excellent.  We also had one person that had dietary restrictions that the restaurant gladly accommodated.Best Pizza in Philly.  Thin crispy crust, fresh toppings and sauce, just like you get it in Italy.  Great pasta too.  I've been going here since I was a kid and it opened and it doesnt get any better than this.  
Dont be fooled by the location and not so fancy looking front.  This place is amazing.i found this place through usairways dividend dining points. the menu looked good so i thought i would give it a try....
i must of walked by this place 100 times and never noticed it before. i'm glad i found it though because it was delicious!
we started our meal with a house salad and bruschetta. both were delicious. the salad came piled high with artichoke hearts, roasted peppers, mushrooms, olives, cucumbers, and all that other yummy stuff. the dressing was amazing as well. my only complaint is that the peppers were too mushy.
we had two pizzas as well.  one was a spicy sausage and pepperoni pizza which was nice.  the second was much much better. it featured spinach, broccoli, tomato, mushrooms, garlic, and i can't even remember what else but as i said was YUMMY.  my only gripe is that for as many vegetable based toppings they gave the crust of the pizza could have been thicker or at least crispier. it was a little soggy due to the veggies.
service was great too.
all in all a great find! go check it out!First time her.....not the last!  My wife and I decided to try this place out after seeing it listed on Groupon. We always like to try new places when we come into the city for theater night. We were greeted by Francis the Manager who was very entertaining. We each had a drink, me a draft Peroni beer and my wife a specialty cocktail which was very good. We each had a salad (Caesar and Arugula). The dressing on the Arugula was a balsamic which was outstanding, and the Caesar was one of the best I've ever had. The next course is a 10" pizza for two, our choice the Margarita, which was excellent! My wife had the stuffed Chicken with Marsala sauce and instead of past had Broccoli which was cooked perfect and tasty. The chicken was out of this world! I had the Veal Parm, which is advertised as the best in Philadelphia. It was served over a bed of linguine with a small amount of gravy, but they were more than happy to provide extra. The portion was not as big as some other restaurants, but it was very good and cooked to perfection. For desert, we split a cannoli, which I watched them fill and prepare to order. It too was excellent. I also had a glass of red wine with dinner. With the Groupon, the cost of the meal before tip was about $75.00.     
The bar selection is not very big at all, but perfect for our needs. The building is small and only seats about 35 people, so I would suggest a reservation. It was busy during the entire time we were there, and the service by our waiter "M" was excellent. Overall, the value is very good, but I feel the Veal Parm dinner was very pricy at $28.00. Still, we will be making a return trip here in the near future!I cannot begin to describe how pleasant my experience was at La Fourno. I came for dinner with a date and I left pleasantly surprised and determined to stop by in the near future.
Do not let the exterior fool you. On the outside it appears to be a hole-in the-wall, but on the inside it is definitely romantic-date material. The bathrooms were so clean that you would feel ashamed to drop a paper towel on the floor and leave it there.
The service was great. My waiter was very attentive, but not overzealous. The complementary bread for the table was soft, warm, and I love how they give you parmesan cheese to go with your olive oil.
I had the veal and sage ravioli and my date had the pesto pizza. DELICIOUS!!!! The manager noticed that I kept sipping my date's wine so he gave me a complementary glass of wine. Finally, it was my date's birthday. Our waiter brought her dessert over with a candle and one of the other servers sang happy birthday opera style. I hate when restaurants half-ass sing happy birthday. I would rather pass on it. But not at La Fourno. This guy blew both of us away. I was beyond impressed. I actually wanted an encore.  Great service, great food, great neighborhood.Overall well experience they are very hospitable and have great service and everything I've ever ordered was amazing. The shrimp Ceasars salad has to be my favorite Caesar I've ever had.Decentttt food - nothing to rave about, but it's a cute location.  Can easily see this becoming someone's little "spot" to go to on a frequent basis, but since I don't live in Philly, that won't be me!
Started with the Stuffed Mussels (decided over just the mussels)...They weren't bad but flavors didn't stick out much.  At $11 for 6 mussels (considering the normal mussels dish probably has more), i expected some flavor kick to them.
The pizza we got was Fra Diavolo - definitely a good pick (cheers to me haha jk).  But the mix of italian sausage, pepperoni, and hot cherry peppers fit really well.  Don't get this if you can't take spicy though.
The Penne Pomodori was the most surprising, and not in a good way.  It came in the tiniest bowl and I was sure that they had accidentally given us a side order of spaghetti, as opposed to the tasty description I had read on the menu.  After being reassured twice it was the right dish, I enjoyed the flavor well, but was still a little offset.  Many of the pasta dishes from ppl around us seemed much more elaborate/larger/fuller.
I recommend trying a bit of everything and seeing if the flavors match what you're looking for.  You might find that one little spot you're looking for ;)My wife and I just ate dinner here. We started with house salads,  which were well dressed and flavorful.  I had the shrimp scampi which was good but my wife's  gnocchi was one note. We had the cannoli for desert which was spot on. The service here was over the top. We had multiple servers check on us during our meal. Overall great dining experience.I had an amazing Eggplant Parmesan. We ordered 4 entrees and 3 appetizers. The gnocchi was a 4-5 Star. Very good but not top 10. All good service good. Not fancy but nice place.I like it here. I order food from diningin.com often and this is a frequent choice. I went for dinner recently and was pleasantly surprised by the good service and food in such a casual restaurant right on south street. Nothing was amazing, but ill definitely be back for some solid comfort food.A nice intimate restaurant, with an accommodating friendly staff.  No attitude and beautifully decorated.  One couple asked to change tables and they were accommodated and the owner came to talk to them to make sure that everything was OK.  Very attuned to their customers.
I ordered the special, that wasn't on the menu, veal parmigiana , it was absurdly huge, nearly covering the entirety of my plate, served over linguine and  and smothered with cheese.  It was one of the most awesome things i have ever put in my mouth.   There was plenty to take home for supper the next night.  
The deserts were just the right size for one and priced accordingly.  
On our visit, one of the patrons, a young man was celebrating his 10th birthday with his family.  They brought him out desert and asked the other diners to sing him happy birthday.  Normally, I wouldn't have been pleased by something like that...but there was something about this place that felt very social.Food good, veal parm great, prices high. They charge extra for take out, 100's of others don't, enough said.Surprised how much I liked this place! 
South Street isn't generally my scene, as I'm 32 going on 75, but I got a great Travelzoo Local Deal (similar to a Groupon, but without the catchy title), so we came out on a Friday night. 
We were 30 minutes late for our reservation, which drives me personally up the wall, but I should have known better than to try to make a 6 pm (remember 32 going on 75) reservation on a Friday night, after work, coming from home on Germantown.
Nevertheless, we were seated instantly. The restaurant was a bit loud, but there were very few empty tables, so one would expect a bit of a buzz. Also, it felt a bit like they had hired M.C. Escher to level their floor (no, I'm not talking about a DJ, kids, read a book) and keep in mind this was before I drank 1/2 of a bottle of wine, but I felt the floor was uneven. 
This is all to say, that normally the noise, crowed and uneven floor would have turned me into a complete cranklepuss, but I was CHARMED by everything in the restaurant, in particular our funny, friendly server, Francis.
The food was delicious, and like other have said, I had to take a large part of my portion home (Zuppa di Mare), but my husband INHALED his Veal Marsala, saying it was the best he had had in his entire life (and he's a New Yorker).
In summary, try this place. You'll enjoy both the food and the experience. If you score a Groupon, even better, but definitely come hungry!What's not to love about this?  The prices are great, the food is amazing and service is exceptional.
I loved the bread that came out before the meal - so much so that we asked for several refills.  Big mistake - we didn't have enough room to eat our actual entree!
I ordered the mussels with the red sauce and my friend ordered the clams with white sauce.  Both were excellent.  Definitely going back!Booked La Fourno for a party of 20 with only a few day's notice. They set us up in their upstairs dining room, which was the perfect place for our gathering! Service was top notch, Francis and his helpers could not have done any better. Food was very good and definitely plentiful, though not all menu items we discussed prior to the evening were presented. I'm very pleased, however, with the great service and wonderful attention to our guest of honor. Also very pleased that the owner, Al, followed up with a phone call after the event, since we were unable to meet that evening. We'll be back!I came here on Friday with a group of 10 and even with a couple issues, this was a great dinner. 
My group came here because it is BYO on Friday nights, which my group loved. We ordered a few different apps and entrees and overall everything tasted wonderful. 
We ran into one hiccup towards the end of the evening where my boyfriend wanted to have his veal parm wrapped, since he only ate about half of his meal. I also had my manicotti wrapped and a server returned with my wrapped dish but not my boyfriend's. After waiting a while, we asked a couple people where his dish was and we were informed that they accidentally threw the rest of it away. This was frustrating because overall, the prices at this restaurant are great but the veal parm is a more expensive dish (although worth the money) so we were upset with a good amount of the meal was thrown in the garbage. At first, no one really did anything more than say they were sorry but when we addressed the issue with the manager, he insisted that we wait a couple minutes while they made him another veal parm to go. I really the length that the manager went to make sure that we left happy. He even gave my boyfriend a free glass of wine while he waited for the new dish to be made.
Overall, you can't go wrong here. My group had a fantastic time enjoying good food at a BYO (for the night) and when we had an issue, it was addressed. We all left happy and this place is definitely worth the visit!I live three blocks from La Fourno and have enjoyed their delivery many times so thought I'd try a sit down meal. Great little neighborhood place. The owner talked to us throughout our meal super nice guy. I got the espresso martini and it was very good. The bread was hot and fresh with good oil. I had chicken marsala with ziti as my entree and it was also delicious the mushrooms were very good. Definitely will be coming back. Very tasty food and friendly staff, especially for the price.From the moment we walked in the door we were greeted and felt welcomed. They were great about having things be gluten free and the food was fantastic. As we waited for our take out they had us sit down and offered us water and drinks on the house.Okay, so the delivery wait had just hit 45 minutes and I was started to wonder (they estimated 30-45) when the phone rang. 
Ordering online was quick and easy. Go to Seamless.com and enter "happy2011" for $10 off your meal! Quickly! The code expires in three days!
The "orto" pizza was the best veggie pizza I've ever had in my life. I actually felt good and healthy after consuming two monstrous slices from the 20 inch pie. The super thin crust was piled with spinach, tomatoes, roasted red peppers,mushrooms, broccoli florets, roasted garlic, mozzarella, olive oil & a dash of marinara sauce.
Every vegetable was fresh. No frozen spinach or canned mushrooms (THE WORST) here. While the pie wasn't cheap (almost $20) it fed my boyfriend and I for two meals. 
La Fourno will absolutely be our go-to for delivery pizza from now on.I think that 3.5 stars is the more appropriate rating, but I'll round it up. I went here tonight after getting a deal on Travelzoo. Based on the menu prices and reviews online, I thought this place would be fancy, but it's pretty casual. The salads were depressing, but the appetizer (tiger shrimp) was amazing. My dish (Pollo Gaetano) was very good except for the chicken, which was kind of rubbery. The pasta and sauce were delicious though. My boyfriend's gnocchi was A+ and the portions were generous. I'd give the food itself 3-3.5 stars, but I rounded up the rating because the service was phenomenal. The wait staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. We were also given a $10 gift certificate for our next visit, which was completely unexpected and such a nice gesture! Although some of the food was only so-so, most of it was pretty good and the environment was really nice. I'd definitely give them another shot. I'm very interesting in trying some of their other menu items.Like many other reviewers, we tried La Fourna using a Groupon. 
Upon entering, we were seated at a table in the middle of the restaurant. Not quite my favorite location as the establishment is tiny and my boyfriend's elbows got bumped more than once, but without having a reservation, I guess I can't really complain about that.
The complimentary bread and salad that were served with our entrees were very good. The bread was seasoned and served warm with herb infused olive oil. The salad was fresh and light, served with a balsamic vinagrette.
Entrees - I ordered the veal parmesean and he ordered the filet minon special. I have to say that I didn't get the hype behind the veal parm. It was okay, nothing special. For the price ($28) I was expecting something a lot more memorable. My boyfriend's filet was cooked to his liking, but for such a fine cut of beef, and it being a dinner entree, the side was a little lacking. It was served with french fries and nothing else. How about a vegetable?
Dessert - Tiramisu. Pretty good, no complaints there.
Up until this point, I'd say 4 stars. Our drinks were always full, our service was good... and then we went to pay. Our bill was 14.16 after the Groupon and apparently La Fourna has a $15 minimum for cards. I would understand them asking us to go to an ATM if we were trying to put $5 on a card, but we were 84 cents short of their minimum! We ended up having to buy a soda we didn't want to get the bill above 15... To me, that is unfathomable. 
It's unfortunate, because we probably would have come back if it hadn't been for that complete dropping of the customer service ball at the end.Highly recommend this restaurant! It was very busy when my girlfriend and me went on a Friday night, but the staff still maintained excellent service. The food was absolutely delicious and appropriately portioned. Great place for a date!Great atmosphere and great service. We were welcomed by the owner and brought to our table. He took our jackets and sent a waiter right over to assist us. We had a great time. Food was great and coffee was fresh brewed. Stop by and try it.Stopped in for dinner this evening with my girlfriend and sister and was not disappointed. Our server, Luis, was excellent and very friendly and attentive the whole time. We've ordered food from here through GrubHub before and always enjoyed it, so we thought we'd check it out in person for once. The atmosphere was great. We sat upstairs, which was a little warmer than we'd anticipated, but it was still comfortable. My sister had the pizza with pesto and sun-dried tomatoes, my girlfriend had the penne vodka, and I had the fra diavolo pizza. Everything was excellent, and as far as portion size, we definitely felt like we got our money's worth. The pizzas were less than $10 and could've easily been a few dollars more while still being a great value. My only real suggestion is to get some matching chairs upstairs - I noticed some where mismatched. Our menus also looked a little worn and should've been replaced as well. Other than some minor cosmetic things here and there, it was a wonderful experience. Great service and good food for a great value. Don't go in expecting it to seem like a high end restaurant because it's not. It could be with a little larger staff and some minor adjustments, but it excels at exactly what it is. If they raised prices to get new menus and matching chairs, we'd be okay with it and still come back. Even with it being the way it is now, we'll still definitely be back.Great for a date night. The husband took me here to celebrate a new job. He asked what i wanted to eat for dinner and i said pizza and beer. 
The service was great and our waiter was super nice. We each had a beer ( they had Stella on tap!) and ordered the grilled calamari as an appetizer. It was fantastic and totally reminded us of the calamari we had in Spain a couple years ago. We also munched on fresh bread and dipping oil....so good!
Then came our pizza. We ordered the FRA DIAVOL pizza to share. It was excellent. Absolutely delicious!
I will definitely return to La Fourno and recommend to anyone else.I decided to have my company's dinner meeting at La Fourno.  The owner, Al, was very accommodating and went out of his way to make sure the company's needs were met.  Our dinner was held in a private room upstairs and the staff was extremely pleasant.  We had a great food selection and everyone agreed it was very tasty.  My coworkers were very happy with the restaurant and all wanted to return for our next dinner meeting.  
A few weeks later, my husband and I decided to go there for dinner.  I wanted to try their pizza because it had gotten such good reviews.  I ordered the pesto basil pizza with fresh mozzarella and oven-roasted bell peppers.  I LOVED my pizza....it's the best pizza I ever had in the city!  The crust was thin and crispy, just the right texture.  My toppings tasted so fresh!  My husband order the garden pizza with ricotta cheese.  He loved it!  I normally am not a big fan of ricotta cheese but the pizza was still really good.  Our waiter, Trevor, was very friendly and accommodating.  
I highly recommend this restaurant if your looking for a place to host a company party/activity.  The food is excellent and the wait staff is very friendly and professional.  If you're ever in the mood for the BEST PIZZA in Philly, please try this place out.  You will not be disappointed!Five years after my initial review this place remains one of my favorite places to dine in Philly!  From Francis the host to Al the owner and the kitchen staff - OUTSTANDING!We visited La Fourno on a Saturday night and had an enjoyable meal.  It wasn't blow-your-socks-off-must-come-back-here-again-in-a-hurry great, but it was solidly good.  We had a Groupon and so it was a good deal.  The staff are very focused on the Groupon, almost to excess.  We were asked about it at the time of our reservation phone call, then when we arrived at the podium to check in, and then again at the table.  The Groupon included a salad each (choice of House or Caesar) or soup of the day, an entrée each (we could choose any entrée from their entire menu), a glass of wine each (or beer, or specialty cocktail - limited choices) and one dessert (3 choices).
The Caesar salad was generally good, although very moist and overly-salty, with lots of sliced olives in it which I don't think is typical for Caesar salads.  The bread was unusual and to die for, but we had to ask for it (it wasn't automatically brought to our table).  Hubby ordered a seafood/fish special and he said it was good overall, but a little too oily.  I ordered the shrimp scampi and it was very good, but a little under-seasoned (I had to add a bit of salt and then it tasted perfect).  The shrimp were large, tender, sweet and plentiful and otherwise the dish was delicious.  For dessert I ordered a cannoli and it was excellent.  Very crisp crust and delicious filling.
The staff were very friendly and welcoming and the atmosphere was casual and somewhat non-descript.  We loved the music they were playing (Tony Bennett, Sinatra, etc.), but didn't like the hard, small chairs which hurt our butts.  Service was just okay.  Our server was training someone so perhaps this was hindering him a bit.  There were long stretches of time between courses and being checked on.  There was a female staff person diligently keeping water glasses filled and bussing the tables, though.
All in all a good visit.We came here on a whim. Literally we were stuck in traffic and asked the cab driver if we could just get out and it happened to be in front of this restaurant. I'm glad we did! The food was good, the service was attentive, and it is byob on tues and fri nights so we still got to drink our chilled champagne. 
I had the shrimp scampi, my boyfriend got the grand marnier pizza "boozy pizza" as they say. Both were good. The pizza was unique with no cheese and the orangey taste. It is probably not what you would crave if you wanted pizza, but worth trying. The bread and olive oil and the anti pasta salad were great! We finished off with the key lime pie which was good as well. I would say it is definitely a place we would come back to!We picked up a large pepperoni pizza here - takeout and it was amazing. Best sauce, best cheese- you can really tell they use fresh ingredients. Can't wait to go there for dinner.This is a treasure in Philly!  A trattoria with all the trimmings.  Don't be fooled by the trashy street atmosphere of South Street.  You walk in the door at La Fourno and you are transformed into a truly European bistro with an American flair.  Francis the maitre'd and Laura the Colombian born waitress are 2 of my favorite people there - well - the owner Al is a gem.  He makes you feel as if you have come HOME again when you visit La Fourno.  
This is my favorite place to take friends for birthdays and special celebrations.  They know how to make a dining experience memorable!  
RUN there!!!!The staff was great as was the service.  I enjoyed my lobster ravioli. The veal parm was very good. But I found it over done on the edges.  All and all a good meal.  We had an early reservation and it was nice being able to hear everyone.  The one detail that was disappointing was I putting the tables together for our party of 5 one the the tables was a half inch lower than the rest, no accidents but that is a set up for something to spill.The best Italian I've had in Philly! Amazing prices and the best service experience. They asked if we were comfortable and if we wanted to move when a table opened up. Francis was an amazing server and was fun for our visit. See you soon!La Fourno has never disappointed. Any time I've dined it or got delivery, the food is ALWAYS phenomenal. If you ever get the chance, dine in. It's service I've yet to see beat. They are so personable and friendly, and ever since my first dine-in experience (it was a special occasion), they've remembered me every time! And it wasn't a fake "oh yes we remember you," it's always more of a "yes! The girl with the wonderful smile! How was Boston?" Truly amazing staff.
Now for the food. This time I got the Primavera pizza with onions and WOW. I could smell the aroma of fresh garlic immediately (all wonderful, not pungent). This pizza was literally the fine dining of pizza because of the flavor journey in every bite. You'd taste the sweetness of the sauce and ricotta and BAM you get a little bit of salty from the cheese-- so many flavors with the onion and garlic in there, too, and also a healthy balance of different textures. As much as I already loved La Fourno, I'm impressed.
The La Fourno dessert never fails. The picture doesn't do it justice. Nothing I could type here can do it any justice. Just know if you love Nutella and strawberries, this is for YOU.
I normally get the Gnocchi al Gorgonzola or Shrimp Scampi, also both amazing, but I'm glad I decided to try their pizza. Blown away! Also, the dark side of the moon dessert is great. Dark chocolate exterior with chocolate mousse and hints of espresso on the inside-- WOO. So good.Randomly walked in to this restaurant and had a very pleasant experience.  Service was great.  Food was delicious.  Good portions.  Expertly pounded veal.  Jumbo shrimp.  And a nice helping of Parmesan.  You don't generally think of a nice sit down restaurant on South Street but this unassuming classic Italian restaurant was a delight. Definitely recommend.This place is great.  My review is probably biased, since my husband and I had a Travelzoo voucher that came with 1 bottle of wine, 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert for $40 (which seemed too good to be true), so I probably would have been pleased even if the food was just okay.  But to our delight, it was wonderful.  
We started out with a bottle of Cabernet (great) that was followed by some sort of yummy bread with oil and parmesan cheese.  The waiter then brought two small salads with a house dressing that was definitely homemade.  Soon after, we received our appetizer -- mussels in a red sauce -- and they were delicious and plentiful.  It wasn't long before our entrees arrived, which consisted of gnocchi in a spinach marinara, and Chicken Valdostana (a sort of stuffed-chicken Marsala).  Both were wonderful, and the portions large.  Our dessert was a turtle cheesecake tart.  It was quite the meal.
To top it off, the service was completely fantastic.  Our waiter was extremely knowledgable and very friendly.  The decor is also beautiful...even though we were situated in the middle of dirty, crowded South Street, it felt like an upscale restaurant, with a quiet environment and very elegant decor.  
All in all, it's just a really nice restaurant with good food and service.  I recommend it to anyone looking for a nice, romantic meal in the South Street area.  My husband and I hope to go there again in the next few months.  We plan to hit one of their BYOB nights.This place is adorable, the service super friendly and welcoming, and the food totally hit the spot! Came in for a quick dinner with some coworkers. Our server was great and engaging, and he was on the ball with out limited time we had to be in and out. We shared an antipasto salad which was delish! The bread was crusty and warm. I got a pizza with hot peppers, sausage, roni, etc... I like it spicy and man was that good! My coworkers all but cleaned their plates of gnocchi and linguine so it's safe to say you got some thumbs up on this one. It's been awhile since I've had Italian in Philly as I'm always out to try new/different restaurants, but this one was totally worth it!We found an online deal through Travel Zoo for a meal at La Fourno.  The waiter was so helpful.  He explained how the deal worked and made lots of recommendations about the menu (he was very familiar with it and with the cooking methods of the dishes).  Our food was delicious and the service was awesome!  They even gave us another coupon for a return visit.  We would definitely go back again.I really love this little Italian restaurant. We had lived in the area a year before we stumbled upon it. The bread is always fresh and warm, the food in amazing (Pasta Primavera is a must) and the service is great. They even made room for us at 7pm on Valentine's Day. They know us by name now so it's even more enjoyable. Very reasonably priced. Whenever I walk down South Street and see people looking at the menu i want to yell "Go in already!!"I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! My family loves Italian food and we have been to so many but nothing like La Fourno. Great customer service! Delicious food! My favorite is the Pollo Alla Valdostana! OMG I go to heaven when I eat this! Their Sangria is really good too! I truly recommend it to everyone! We have been here so many times, they already know my entire family! Always have a great time when I come here!I've been ordering from here for years and loved that their food was both delicious and reasonably priced. One of my favorites is the gnocchi Gorgonzola but when I went to order it today, the price drastically increased from $15.95 to $19! $19 for a pasta dish is insane, especially when the dish and portions are the same. Looks like many of the other menu items drastically increased in price as well. I will now have to find a new, affordable place for a good pasta dish; such a shame!Gnocchi al Gorgonzola. Literally amazeballs.
Great service. The kind that perfunctorily regales you with the day's specials as you nod and look excited while starving, already decided on your potential order. ;)
People seem to rave about the Veal Parmesan. Had a Groupon so braved the cost. It was excellent, but I don't see why it would be worth that price. The bowl of Gnocchi was 1/3 the price and just as handsomely portioned. 
The polenta with mushrooms was mesmerizing. 
I want to come back here so badly but warning, you WILL leave with a food coma. Not sure how you can avoid a carb-heavy, cheese-heavy dish here, but if you are up for it, you will NOT be disappointed.La Fourno is by far the most accommodating and incredible place to host a small event. We hosted our annual formal for 40 people, and Al was able to help us create a fantastic event within our budget. 
The food was delicious, and I was very happy with the menu. 
The service was fantastic, and all of our needs were met. I highly recommend coming to La Fourno for an event or just a date. 
Also, Francis is a fantastic help to any evening.My sister who is another Yelper recommended we go here for dinner, and since then we have been hooked! We have been here quite a few times for family dinners with a bunch of people in our party, and the staff were so accommodating every time! 
There were a few times when we had a few people last minute want to come out to dinner with us and when we called to add 1 or 2 more people to our reservation, there were no issues and he staff were so pleasant and helpful. Sometimes when there are last minute changes, restaurants aren't as accommodating or happy about making the changes. 
When it comes to the food. we usually always get he pizza! and the pizza is made with the freshest ingredients and taste so good! My family really likes their buffalo chicken or bbq chicken pizza which is so yummy! 
When it comes to the atmosphere, it is a friendly intimate setting and kids are also welcome, because my family has a lot of them! 
The service is outstanding and very patient with large groups! 
I have only had the pizza here, and maybe next time Ill try an entree. But based on the pizza alone! Its worth the trip!I stumbled upon this place a few weeks ago - well I shouldn't say stumbled upon. I've walked past it for years, but never took the time to peek in. With a very unassuming storefront, this place doesn't stand out in the crush of South Street. But in any case, I actually took the plunge and walked in, and I wouldn't have thought that I would find an honest-to-goodness Italian restaurant on South Street....but I did. 
The dining area is small but bouncing with energy, and despite the fact that the place was full both nights I was there, it didn't feel crammed. Last night I was with a group of four and we were seated at a tabled in the back corner. The host was so concerned about our space that he gave us an additional table to "spread out". He also took our coats and polled us about the temperature of the dining room, which was a bit warm when we walked in, but was soon fixed. There was even an accordion player to add a bit of ambiance.
The food is satisfying and affordable. We ordered the grilled calamari for the table to start and all of our dinners came with a house salad, and of course, a basket of bread. I love grilled calamari, but am often hesitant to order as it can be so easily over cooked, etc. The calamari here was not the best I've ever had, but pretty darn good, and didn't arrive drowning in oil or butter. I had linguini and clams in a white sauce (again, not drowning in sauce), and my dinner companions ordered the veal parm, fettucini alfredo, and the backed rigatoni. We polished off the meal with a cannoli, which had one of the more flavorful shells I've tasted, and a round of coffees. 
The staff is warm and accommodating without being overbearing, and the aforementioned host stopped by each table in the dining room to check on the diners and their meals. Oh and the best part? Tuesdays and Fridays the restaurant is BYOB!This place was amazing: service, food, atmosphere, and price. We came to La Fourno in a rather sticky situation, needing a private area for a group of 25 and the owner Al was extremely accommodating On very short notice and a very limited budget, we were able to get a 3 course meal featuring antipasto, a choice of 3 entrees, and dessert with tea and coffee. Al himself offered to take care of a girl with dietary restrictions and followed up often to make sure we got the best experience possible. 
The servers were amazing and even sang happy birthday and gave a cannoli to a member of our group who's birthday was coming up. The food came out fast given the amount of people. The appetizers were beautifully plated and the pastries for dessert were fresh, warm, and absolutely delicious. My only concern was that the entrees were rather small (there were only 5 pieces of shrimp and some spinach for one of them) but this was understandable due to the price we were paying. Overall, it was a fabulous experience and I can definitely see us going back.Where do I begin!? 
Walking into La Fourno I was greeted by Francis, who was also our waiter and ready for all 16 people I invited for a birthday dinner! I was very impressed when we were walked up to a beautiful room upstairs that accommodated us spaciously!
I also got to meet Al, the owner, who was sincere and friendly and only wanted us to have a good time and a delicious meal. We ordered our food and while waiting got some yummy bread and a plate with cucumbers/carrots/mango and a balsamic dressing. It was so sweet of them to give us that.
Then the food came! Everyone seemed happy with their meals, I thought mine was delicious! It seemed like everyone at the table got something different, but no one complained!!
The prices were extremely reasonable!
Then I received the warmed happy birthday! It was so nice and made me feel so loved! Al even gave my a fancy restaurant pen! It has a flashlight/stylus and is a beautiful pen overall! I am SO appreciative of this restaurant and WILL be returning. I highly recommend it for large and small groups.
Thank you La Fourno!!The customer service was horrible.
On a Saturday night shortly after 9:30 (they close at 10:30), my boyfriend and I walked in to have a pizza and some wine. After squeezing past the hostess (??) who gave us blank stares, we asked the chef to the right if he was still making pizzas. "We stop seating at 9:30" he yelled, weirdly angry. The hostess said something to him (but nothing to us) and then he just said, "We stopped seating," again. The hostess just stared some more as we turned around and walked back out.
It's fine if they stop seating at 9:30 (though they could say that on their website; most places that close at 10:30 will still seat you at 9:40). But the way they spoke to us was rude, as if we were a huge imposition. We were just two hungry guys in a good mood, popping in to give it a try. The least they could do is say "hello" and "goodbye."I have only ever had take-out pizza from La Fourno - but it was GREAT (We got mushroom and plain cheese).  The owners are the best (LOVE THEM!) and are generous supporters of our child's school.
I don't even usually eat Pizza - but La Fourno's was really great.  (Traditional Neapolitan Style) Delish!
Can't wait to eat a full, REAL meal here.My girlfriend and I found this place completely by accident! We absolutely love it..Great food great atmosphere and priced very well. Our Server Albert was incredible and had great energy.. We will be recommending this place from now on!There are so many restaurants along South st that it's often hard to choose. My bf and I weren't really interested in bar food, so we stumbled upon this gem. Authentic Italian food. From the time we walked in, service was great! 
There weren't many people in the restaurant at the time so we were sat immediately. Ambiance is great. Menu is pretty long but we were walked through it and given a heads up ahead of time of all items that were not available.
I'm naturally indecisive, so of course I asked for recommendations and our waiter gave us his honest opinion of everything I asked. I ended up getting the chicken parm and my bf got the fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and they were both really good! We picked off each other's place all night lol.
We also ordered their homemade sangria which was also good *and pretty cheap by glass* but the restaurant was BYOB that night. I'm not sure if that's an everyday thing, but it was good to know.
Def a good restaurant to get away from the regular eats that are offered on south st on a busy Saturday night!
Gonna be back whenever I'm back in town!I tried to use a groupon here and they would not take my reservation because they had a groupon "quota".  Of course, this practice is not supported by the fine print of the groupon.  In my opinion this is a very poor business practice.  I will NOT be trying this restaurant in the future. There's plenty of good Italian food in Philly.  If La Fourno doesn't want my business, so be it.My husband surprised me with a dinner at La Fourna a few years ago. Yesterday (St Patrick's Day), we were trying to find a quiet place to eat on South Street. So, we decided to kill our Italian food craving at La Fourna's. We walked in at 2:30 pm and were greeted by a guy making pizza at the front counter. I immediately started to salivate. We had to ask if the place was open bc there was no one in sight other than the guy making the pizza. He assured us the restaurant was open, so we sat at one of the high top tables in the front and a server greeted us after a decent wait.
I ordered the rigatoni with meatballs and my hubs ordered the manicotti. I also ordered the homemade red sangria, and my hubs had a local beer. We received some fresh baked garlic bread as we watched PPA stalk the vehicles in front of the restaurant. Our entrees arrived and they were fresh, and piping hot. My rigatoni was fantastic. The mozzarella cheese that topped the entree was plentiful and the meatballs were homemade (HUGE plus in my book bc I hate frozen store bought meatballs). My pasta was al dente and I could taste the ricotta in the red sauce. My hubs loved his manicotti. He barely spoke to me and when I looked at his plate it was clean. I had half of my entree leftover, and I couldn't wait to take it home. I laid claim to my leftovers by marking the box with 'Do Not Eat!' I sipped my red sangria in between bites and was pleasantly surprised to find that the sangria was also freshly made. It had a beautiful balance of fruitiness and wine that I really enjoyed!
I think it's safe to say that we had a great meal at La Fourna yesterday and consider this place to be our go to Italian restaurant in Philadelphia.