I walk by here every day but had not been inside until this weekend. I was impressed with the service as well as the quality of the food. 
It was a little on the pricier side for what I would consider good (not great) Italian food. 
Overall the meal was enjoyable and I would go certainly go back. BYO is always a plus.Been here twice, will definitely go again.
once went for a date, and sat outside. when it began to rain the server asked if we would like to move inside but we decided to stay and enjoy the weather (we were safely tucked under an awning).
i had the arrabiata sauce, which in my opinion was the best i've had in a loooooong time. and believe me, i am a red sauce connoisseur! he had the chicken marsala, which is pretty much his staple order at italian spots, so it's also safe to say he is a good judge on that dish. we both enjoyed our meals very much and couldn't believe we'd never heard much about the place.
solely to once again taste that delicious sauce, i (selfishly?) recommended La Fontana for a group of friends looking to celebrate a birthday. we ended up inside in the back with 11 people in an 8 person space. not terrible though, as it seemed like there were several other large parties taking up the other bigger table arrangements. all in all, we enjoyed ourselves, the meals, and the 3 bottles of wine we brought. the servers gave us ample space to eat all the courses. no one fussed while we took 100 pictures, or changed our minds three times about dessert. after we left, i realized i left my ID on the table (let's blame the wine, shall we?) and called back to see if they could find it. the foreign, male servers were happy to meet me halfway down the block to give it back, and i only endured a couple creepy glances as i walked away.We held a surprise party at La Fontana last Saturday night for my mom's Birthday. 
La Fontana has always been a family favorite and great go-to spot. Food is delicious, BYOB's are always great and the location can't be beat. Needless to say as great as the food is the opposite can be said about the staff. They are rude, very pushy and have never been pleasant to deal with. We hosted a party for 26, and I had coordinated everything with someone over the phone. Not to long after we got my mom to the restaurant and she was still saying her hello's one of the waiters approached me and said that we needed to order because they had another party coming in at 8. Much to my chagrin, I responded with "we just got here, can you please let us greet our guests before you start making us order?!"  
From the minute our butts hit the seats they were forcing us to order. Like I said above the food is great and our guests were enjoying what they had ordered. By 7:30 we were singing happy birthday to my mom and cutting the cake, everyone was enjoying themselves, the company and their wine or coffee. About 20 minutes later a couple of the waiters came up the stairs jackets in tow. They had proceeded to say that we needed to leave (yes, just like that) we were being herded out of the restaurant literally. I looked at my dad with a very puzzled look on my face and said "it isn't our fault that they booked another party on the heals of ours." But there we were 10 minutes later all 26 of us standing outside the restaurant with dumbfounded looks on our faces. 
As great as the food is at La Fontana I think my family and I decided this was the last time we would frequent this restaurant. There are a million and one other great BYOB Italian restaurants in and around Philadelphia that don't treat their patrons like cattle.
For those who have never been to La Fontana be warned, you will have a great meal, but you will be rushed the entire time.I'd give this place zero stars if I could.  
I agreed to go here for New Year's Eve despite the fact I'd been here twice before and been completely unimpressed.  My friends wanted to go to a BYO, we ruled out places with prix fixe menus, and we needed a res for a party for 8, so this was it.  We made the reservation on Dec 2nd and confirmed there wouldn't be a pre-set menu.  
New Year's Eve rolls around and I get a call at 2:30 pm before our 7 o'clock reservation.  Apparently there was a computer issue and the restaurant would be cash only for the evening.  Okay, fine - easy enough to give my friends the heads up.  Only then, as if an afterthought, the host tells me they had changed their menu to a $75 per person prix fixe.  He tells me this will be the only menu available after admitting that they only managed to put it on their website the week before.  Mind you, if you added up everything you'd be getting for the $75 even if you ordered the most expensive thing in every course you'd only hit around $50 AND you still need to provide your own alcohol.
We tried to speak to a manager to ask if there was anything they could do as we booked well before this menu was set, but the manager was too busy to talk and we were told there was nothing that could be done for us.   
Fortunately for us, we found a reservation for 8 at Buddakan for the same time and everyone had much higher quality food for significantly less than $75 per person, even including alcohol and gratuity.
 Don't waste your time!I LOVE this place. All the waiters are extremely accommodating and entertaining and they always seem to give some appetizer or dessert on the house. Hard to beat prices plus it's a BYOB. Food is delicious, and portions are always enough for my next day's lunch....If you haven't gone yet, you are missing out!!-The food was great.
-My experience was great.
-I will return for dinner
I was seated quickly, I had reservations. The menus and service went smoothly. I brought my bottle of wine, I love BOYB. Overall I had a great night at La Fontana Della Citta.Great BYOB and awesome authentic Italian food. They take reservations last minute and are very accommodating. The restaurant can get very noisy at times because it is usually crowded but it is a great dining experience!Mel has been wanting to try La Fontana for some time and last night was our first visit.
-We had 8:00 reservations and at 8:00 our table was ready! Great.
-We, once again, got an aisle table, but honestly there was enough room between tables that I didn't feel I was being crowded.
-Server knew the menu and answered questions politely. His name was Emri. If you visit, why not ask for him?
-The place was fully seated and it was a bit noisier than I'd prefer.
-The menu wasn't very inspiring. Only Talapia or Salmon as fish choices. All the beef, veal, chicken, and pork dishes were the same style.
-The food came out hot, and as advertised. Big plus. We had the spinach, and the antipasti for apps.
-They do tend to be aggressive about moving you along through your meal. I mean as soon as we finished our apps, the plates were gone.
-They entrees came out piping hot and as advertised. We both had pasta dishes. Mel had gnocchi and I had a seafood with vodka red sauce dish. Both were good and decent portions.
-We didn't stay for dessert as we wanted to go someplace else.
-Total tab was $68.00 for the two apps and two pasta dishes.
It's a three star....probably will go again kind of place.
If it was a bit more quiet and if the menu was a bit more inspiring they would definitely get 4 to 5 stars.Our out of town friends visited us a few weeks ago and we took them to this BYOB Italian place. We made a reservation but we still had to wait for about 20 mins. The hostess felt bad so she gave us a free place of cheese while we waited.
I had a HUGE seafood pasta dish that had tons of actual seafood like scallops and shrimp. It was a special so the sauce was tomato based I believe. My fiance had the Strip Steak from the specials and honestly it was over done and expensive. We are from Texas so maybe we are not used to steaks Italian style. Our friends also had a seafood pasta dish and tilapia dish that were good.
Overall the ambience was nice, lively and cozy, the wait staff was very attentive and polite. We had a good time catching up with our friends and wish we had brought more wine.Went back again last night and had a really nice meal. Service was very helpful and attentive. The linguine special with shrimp, crab and scallops was chock full of seafood. Comfortable place, good food and a relaxed pace. Not the most exceptional food going, but a nice place we'll come back to.We went for an early dinner after a Sunday theatre matinee. The waitstaff was pleasant and attentive. We loved the food- great pasta dishes and seafood. It was a pleasant atmosphere and of course, BYO.  We would definitely eat here again.After making a reservation, we waited over an hour for our table only to eat frozen vegetables in pasta.Yelp ratings do not lie.
Well maybe they do - 3 Stars is supposed to mean "A-Ok."  La Fontana was not A-OK....
The food was no more than bad diner food.  Think of the worst south jersey hick diner "italian" food.  If you're in the mood for that, then you're in luck!
The seafood soup tasted like it was fresh out of a pouch. The gnocchi part of the gnocchi gorgonzola was decent, but the gorgonzola sauce was flavorless.  The ravioli in pink sauce reminded me of a microwaved lean cuisine.  
(TIP: If you want Gnocchi gorgonzola, just go to Spasso.)
My main dish, the Pollo Oscar....  oh boy.  A slimy mixture of a sauteed chicken breast, what I assume was spinach, and hair-thin shreds of crab meat which would've gone unnoticed if not described in the menu all swimming, well, drowning, in brown marsala sauce.  It literally looked like slop. Fancy Feast looks more appetizing: http://bit.ly/AkiS3i
Oh, and my cheesecake was slightly frozen.
I really hate sounding so negative, but we just did not enjoy the meal here. The whole time I was thinking that Gordon Ramsay would have a conniption fit if he were to eat here starting from the minute he sat down and was greeted with the sticky, dirty bottle of balsamic placed on the table.
The one positive is that it's a BYO and when we said we didn't have a bottle with us, they offered us a complimentary glass of wine.  +1 star.  The staff was pretty friendly, but let's face it, we're here to eat food.this is a BYOB restaurant. i enjoyed their calamari and pasta alla vodka, but i've had better with much cheaper prices at other italian places. i guess you're paying for its location? not sure that i'd go back. there are so many other BYOB restaurants in philly that i need to visit anyways.La FontanaThis is my first one star rating on Yelp. I should have paid more attention to "Lauren B's" 1 star rating for this place a few beneath mine. I would bet my bottom dollar that the decent ratings come from local regulars who they decide are worthy of customer attention. If you're not local and regular (and I have no idea why ANYONE would be a regular here), STAY AWAY! These folks are BRUTAL. All of their one start ratings make sense. I like the one from Dhruv J. who they told to "Get the F***out"!
With all of the great Italian restaurants in Philly, I am astonished this one can remain open. I tried it for a business lunch this week. It's a really busy holiday week in Philly, yet for the height of the lunch hour when we were there, there was only one other table with patrons. The fact that it was empty was the only thing that made sense. 
I always try to find a silver lining, so here it is: IT WAS QUIET!
Don't let the white table cloths fool you, the food is below average, especially with all of the great Italian restaurants in our city. It's an overpriced, neighborhood wannabe restaurant.
Worse, the service was horrific. At the many good and great Philly Italian restaurants, the service is typically stellar, whether the place is  old and classic or new and trendy. NOT HERE. Maybe they treat customers from their neighborhood better, but I felt like I had 3 heads. My waiter "Izzy" is rude, not gracious, not on top of things and in the wrong business. When I tried to discuss my experience with the owners before resorting to Yelp, they blew me off.
I love Italian food, Italy and Italians. I'm a lifelong Philly guy, a business owner and I eat out regularly, for business and pleasure.  I have yet to write a review this negative on Yelp, but I was so turned off by this place. 
Do yourself a favor...if you want to be appreciated as a customer, or eat great food...go another few blocks in almost any direction...or just get a cheese steak and you'll be happier.Unremarkable Italian food - not bad, not good, just "meh I have experienced better"...I really wanted to like it due to the fact that I live so close and there is ample outdoor seating but alas, there are way better BYOB Italian places in close proximity. Atmosphere inside is nice but slightly stuffy and my gnocchi was overcooked which I hate hate hate. Bread was extremely good though and service was nice as well.I don't know what all the complaining is about in a lot of these reviews!?  I've been here 3 times in the past year, and every time leave feeling extremely satisfied.  The calamari was a good app.  I've had one of the gnocchi dishes and loved it, and this past time, I had a fantastic Veal Piccata.  I had a bite of my friend's Veal Parm and Eggplant Parm, and both were great.  
Their service has always been right on point, with younger looking staff members consistently refilling my water.  They even offered us complimentary wine when they noticed we didn't bring any.  Every time I've been there, the owner/manager has stopped by my table at least once to make sure everything has been up to par.  On my most recent trip, we had a very nervous looking server, but he explained the specials and got our entire order completely right.  
I haven't had dessert there, just a tasty espresso, but it sounds like they have a killer cannoli.  I'll definitely be back!Yummy food.  Good service.  
I came here on a Saturday night for a Bachelorette party.  We were 25 spirited, giggly, wine-quaffing girls in their dining room.  The wait staff was prompt and patient.  I enjoyed the thick Italian accents.  :-)
I got Gnocchi gorgonzola and it was wonderfully prepared.  Very tasty. 
Overall I appreciated the competence with which the wait staff handled our large and somewhat boisterous bunch.  When back in Philly and craving Italian, I'd definitely hit this place up.Entrees are solid Italian fare.  I had a pasta primavera in a white sauce that was very well done, and my friends seemed to like other chicken and pasta dishes.  The "special" pasta fagioli soup, however, could have been straight from a Progresso can and the Caesar dressed seemed to have come from a bottle.   The olive oil on the table was pathetic, tasted like nothing.  
Service and management at La Fontana is inexcusable.  Do not expect your reservation to be honored on the weekends.  Do not expect water refills or to be provided with pepper or cheese like most of the Italian restaurants in Philly.
Last night, my party of nine waited forty minutes for an 8 pm reservation, crammed in the front with three other groups also waiting for reservations at 8.  We were sat at a table meant for 6 or 7 people.  When we were done eating, we were asked to leave as soon as we had paid our bill, even though everyone still had wine in his glass.  
Overall, this place has fine standard Italian dishes, but if you are remotely interested in fine dining, skip La Fontana.  Philadelphia has so much more to offer than this.Good, prompt service.  Great calamari!  Disappointing entrees.  Very accommodating for specific requests.my food (penne puttanesca) was so so, and the bill was totally sketchy, but I had a few stolen bites of their amazing gnocchi that made it all seem alright.I went to La Fontana with 10 of my girlfriends for restaurant week last night.  We had a great experience.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant was very cute and the food was delicious. I had the pasta fagioli for first course. Then the three pasta sampler next (loved this).  The chicken parm for my meal and ice cream with a hard chocolate shell for dessert.  Loved all of the food! We were having so much we ended up staying for 4 hours drinking wine.  We did not feel rushed but it was Sunday night and not too crowded.  Overall I would definitely come back.Like other reviewers, we experienced good pasta, stale bread, and lackadaisical service. I do have to note that the service is similar to the service we experienced in Rome's restaurants: they leave you alone for a leisurely dining experience. Nice dining room and lovely sidewalk dining on Locust Street. BYOB. 
Management mightWISH to address strong urine smell in men's room.This is one of my favorite italian BYOBs in the city. They are always nice and accomodating for say a birthday. I have only had one entree, I always order the seafodo pasta. But it is great for the price. They have outdoor seating. Really good desserts as well. Anyone I have ever taken here has loved it. Great place for groups also. Before a big night out, its the perfect place for dinner. I do agree with some other reviews, the bread is just ok.Walked in on a Saturday night with no reservation. We were seated right away but on the way to the table the hostess told us that it would be an hour and a half.  We were confused and asked if we would have to wait at the table for that long.  She said that is how long it takes to eat here.  I thought that was weird.  I ordered gnocchi my husband ordered Bowtie pasta with sausage.  My dish was average, his was excellent.  
The whole meal took about 1 hour. Prices were reasonable.  I would go back but would order something different.currently sitting at dinner celebrating our friends engagement. Our party called ahead and had a nice table set. One of our friends gave a short toast to celebrate and immediately as it ended one of the waiters told us if we wanted to make a scene we should have requested a private room. Told the waiter he was being rude and got offended and argued and he told me he had so many tables that were complaining. Didn't realize a 30 second speech disrupted the other 5 tables and that the waiter got all these complaints while standard next to us. The food was excellent, but this one waiter really made a nice moment have a sour taste.Everything here was mediocre.  No specific complaints about the food or waitstaff, but I will continue my search for delicious pasta in center city.Linguine Alla Pescatore - 26.95
Linguine sautéed with mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari, garlic extra olive oil. in white wine or tomato sauce
This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time and its a BYOB!!!!
La Fontana is a go to from now on.I understand that Friday night is a busy night for La Fontana, but this does not excuse the fact that they rushed us--in an unacceptably rude manner. My party arrived 20 minutes late, but I had called beforehand to notify them of this and they said it was fine. When me and my party of 9 arrived, they said that there was a party arriving one hour later and that we had to finish our meals by then. Again, I understand that it was a busy night and that we were a little late, so we didn't mind. However, the server told us this in an impatient, arrogant manner. I must admit that I was taken aback by this rude attitude; however, not to ruin the mood of the evening, I just brushed it off and forgot about it. During dinner, the waiters, though polite, rushed as and we definitely felt their persistent pressure. They told us to quickly choose our options and also physically took away our bread plates long before we were finished. TO ADD FURTHER INSULT TO INJURY, at one point during our group's conversation, the same server (who had rudely talked to us early) was passing by our table, turned to us, and loudly SHUSHED US. Excuse me?! We felt like children being berated by a schoolteacher. I did not think that we were, by any means, being louder than to our surrounding chatter and, absolutely by no means, loud to the extent that warranted a rude SHUSH. He could definitely have been polite about this. These types of actions are not only absolutely unacceptable from a classy BYO but from decent human interaction. Furthermore, if the food is a consideration, it was so-so and by no means spectacular. I feel that their selling point is more about the portion size than the quality. There are too many excellent BYOs and good restaurants in Philly for you to waste your time in this one.The food here is wonderful.  The only reason I give it three stars instead of four or five is because one time we had a pretty terrible experience waiting for our reservation.  We'd reserved a table for 6 or 8 people for 7pm one night, and didn't end up getting seated until 8:15 or 8:30.  I told them "Chuck Norris doesn't wait that long for a reservation," but it seemed to go right over their heads.Great food. Penne vodka best I ever had. Took awhile to be seated, even with a reservation, and it was a solid 25 minutes after being seated till our order was taken. Besides that, overall good experience.Disclosure: we came here around 7pm on a saturday night without reservations.  We knew it was a gamble so we can't be too picky when we were lucky enough to get seated.
That said, we showed up on a lovely spring evening hoping to carb-load the night before Broad Street.  We went inside and saw the hostess and another employee talking quietly but fervently behind the podium.  They appeared to be arguing about someone and not overly concerned that new patrons arrived.  After a minute or two the hostess turned to us.  We asked for a table and she told us that nothing was available inside.  She shrugged and just looked around and said "busy."  Then, almost apologetically, she told us that it was no wait to sit outside.  As it was a gorgeous evening, we chose this option.
Sitting outside was our downfall.  We were served water and bread when we sat down and then we waited.  We ate our bread and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Just as we were discussing how much longer to wait before leaving, a server finally came up to us and asked if we had been helped.  He looked dismayed when we said no.  He took our order and was very pleasant for the rest of the evening.
About ten minutes after our order was taken (and 20-25 minutes after being seated) we saw a very harried looking server approach our table with a pen and pad.  He glanced at our table, saw our appetizer, and abruptly turned around.  I guess he was supposed to be our server originally but couldn't muster up the strength to actually wait on us.
Service issues aside, the food was pretty good.  My pappardelle with bolognese was delicious.  The sauce was meaty and spicy, the pasta delicate but with a little bite.  The portions are huge too, especially for the price.  We're talking fat American portions here, not fine dining portions.
Overall this was not the best experience, but not the worst either.  Service was disjointed and unorganized, but the food was pretty damn good.Excellent food and service. Even provided wine at no charge bc we did not know it was a byob. Definitely a hidden gem.I had my second experience at this restaurant this evening. It was terrible. The food was mediocre and over priced and the "service" was nonexistent. Our patience maxed out at the end of the meal and we shared our disappointment with a manager (I assume...) who proceeded to be argumentative and rude. He is offered dessert, but at that point all I wanted was to leave. NOT RECOMMENDED.Service is excellent, food is very average and the noise if the back room is full is unbearable.I lived in Rittenhouse for 2 years and often went to La Fontana. The food was always good and service was decent.
I am writing this review because I made a New Years Eve reservation for a group of people and received a phone call today to confirm my reservation. The hostess causally mentioned that the restaurant is only offering a price fix menu for $99/person, although when I made the reservation on Open Table, there was no mention of the special menu. I asked if I could speak with a manager to see if we could order off the regular menu and the hosted just said "no" and hung up. 
Although I like the food here, in no way is it worth $99/person. Failure to communicate this different menu makes things pretty inconvenient since it's now 12:30 PM on New Years Eve. I will not be back here.The food was very good. Service was great as well. A very good selection. I have been here two times already. One with a few friends and another time with a large group. Both great experiences. Will be coming again. ByobI would have to agree with many of the responses below.  Where do I start?  Let me begin with the fact that I made a reservation for this particular Saturday evening about 2 months in advance.  A group of friends decided to have dinner at this particular BYOB with a few of the friends coming a distance (Brooklyn, NY). My friends and I showed up about 15 minutes before our reservation which was at 7:30.  I checked in with the hostess just to let her know we were there.  At 7:30 I went back in to let her know we would like to be seated and she said it would be about 15 minutes.  OK, I understood and said I would be waiting outside. About 45 minutes later, my friends and I were finally seated.  ONE HOUR it took to be seated after I made reservations 2 months ago.  We received no apology for our inconvenience.  The service was just ok (I only had to ask 3 times for a diet coke). 
For those who are looking to head on over to La Fontana on a Saturday, just beware that you will be waiting a long time even with a reservation. 
-AnnoyedBy far the best Italian restaurant I've been to in Philadelphia.
I lived here for two and a half years and always walked by the door on the way to Rittenhouse Square and always meant to remember to eat there at some point but then inevitably would forget .  My boyfriend and I finally made it there tonight and I wish we had years ago!  
The atmosphere is ideal, the right lighting and number of tables in the main dining room; the service is exceptional, our water glasses were never empty and our plates were taken promptly (but not too soon); and the food is superb, his chicken was tender and the asparagus crisp and my fettuccine Alfredo had the creamiest sauce I've ever tasted.
I no longer live in Philly, but I now have a no-doubt-about-it favorite restaurant to eat at every time I'm here.Made a reservation on a Tuesday night, but walking in we realized we probably didn't need one. There were only a handful of filled tables and it stayed that way the whole time we were there. I ordered the farfalle barese. The combination of pasta, italian sausage and vegetables worked so well. I wasn't sure about the white wine garlic sauce at first, but it was nice and light. It was a delicious, yet simple dish. I also tried some of my friend's gnocchi sorrentina. This was good and very filling. I'll be adding this place to my rotation of BYOB's in the city.I've never walked out of a restaurant before, but there's a first for everyone.
Started out badly when the bread, slightly stale, was paired with a unique tasting olive oil. It had a strangely familiar taste, finally realized it was the taste of canola oil mixed with olive oil. 
Then our Chicken  Marsala arrived....Slightly weird  looking, lumpy instead of pounded flat, covered in a  ton of sauce. First bite, not Marsala but Chicken  Gravy! Like packet mix with water chicken gravy taste. My wife's had her's over Angel Hair pasta that was so saturated with the goo, it was uneatable. Waiter seemed to disappear after serving it. 
Complained to the girl at the register, that had an attitude, but also a look in her eyes like it wasn't her first time hearing this sort of complaint. Manager came over and stated perhaps our taste was different. 
Our taste is different, we expect a $25 Chicken Marsala to be excellent. I've had the misfortune to once eat at Olive Garden, this was far worse.
Charged us $10 for 2 glasses of kerosene house wine and we were out the door. 
Burped up Canola oil for about 2 hours that night.Went here for restaurant week a few weeks ago - was very happy with the meal. Definitely worth $35 for all the food they give you. 
What we got:
Appetizers:
Me - eggplant rollitini - one piece of it, so definitely not a big portion, but it tasted good. Not the best that I've had, but good as an appetizer. 
Bf - ceasar salad - simple, he liked it
Next course:
Trio pasta: was gnocchi in an alfredo-type sauce, penne in an spicy red sauce, and bowties in a vodka sauce. We both really liked all three. Probably the best gnocchi I've ever had - it was so soft and fluffy. However, I'm glad they gave us a sample of all three because I can't just eat gnocchi as I feel it gets old after a while. The vodka sauce was really good - I was combining the alfredo and vodka sauces actually. The trio was a really good idea and I was very happy with it.
Entree:
Me - I think it was called chicken la fontana - it was chicken in a lemon wine sauce with mozzarella cheese on it and topped with asparagus. It was pretty good, definitely the low point of the night. However, I can't say it was bad. I personally don't think that mozzarella cheese goes great with a lemon wine sauce, but that's just me. 
Bf - veal parm - he enjoyed it. I don't eat veal, so can't really comment. We both got very big portions
Dessert:
Me - cannoli. Definitely the best I've ever had. Amazing.
Bf - a ball of vanilla ice cream with a cherry in the middle and surrounded by chocolate. It wasn't anything special, but it was cute.
We also were offered a complementary glass of wine since we forgot to bring our own bottle. 
Overall, definitely worth the price for restaurant week - we left very full! And the food was very good. Not the best Italian restaurant I've been to, but a good experience. We will probably return.This is the second time I've been to this place. Both times, the service was excellent. We went on a Sunday evening, and it was quiet. 
We started with the calamari on a recommendation from another diner. It was spot on. Very fresh, and light, the sauce was delicious. Both of us got house salad, which were nice sized. I had to gorgonzola gnocchi, which was INSANE. Huge portion size, plenty to stuff me for two meals. My fiance had the lasagna, which he also really enjoyed. For dinner, we got the chocolate mouse. 
Overall, the food was delicious and the service was great. I also love that this is a BYOB. (We did not have a corkage fee, despite what other reviews day.)The night before my daughter's graduation our family( 11 people) ate dinner at this wonderful little gem. We were seated a little bit off the beaten path, so we felt like we had our own little corner. The server was very attentive to our needs, and the food was fabulous. All our "special requests", like 
Having dressing put on the side, and omitting an ingredient, were met.  It was an extra bonus that we are able to bring our own wine! I wish we had known about this place sooner. Definitely recommend!Total disaster.  The food here is completely sub-par.  I'm pretty sure I can make better pasta.  And that's saying a lot, seeing as how I can barely boil water.  And let's not start talking about the atrocious and utterly confused waitstaff.  Horrible service, horrible food.  All-around horrible!This Is probably my favorite Italian restaurant in the city!! Went there with my boyfriend for lunch and dinner. 
Izzy our server at lunch was outstanding! He offered us complimentary wine from the house (a very nice gesture). We started with calamari, the tenderness and the freshness was very easy to tell! We loved it! My boyfriend had chicken parmesan and I had lobster ravioli! Oh my God!!! Mouthwatering! 
At dinner we had a different server, Emri. The night time had a different atmosphere. More people, more staff, more vivid! The chef himself came to the main dining room to greet the guests - so nice of him! The staff was amazing, there was a bussboy called Nevy, he was on top of the game , so attentive to our table! The night was special because it was my boyfriend's birthday! Emri came with the homemade tiramisu and apperantly the whole restaurant was singing happy birthday! I got goosebumps! My boyfriend was speechless from the surprise! 
Amazing experience! A+The only thing this place has going for it is that it's BYOB, you'll need alcohol to deal with the terrible service. First off, I've been here once before with a 30 person party in May 2012 and it was a great experience. This second visit was laughable. We arrived on Friday night around 6:30 and we were seated outside at our request. Waitress opened our wine as she goes off to sit with a coworker at another outside table. She didn't leave the cork with us so little flies kept falling into our wine bottle for the remainder of the night. As the waitress comes and asks if we're ready to order, we asked her if there were any specials. "Oh, you want to hear the specials?" "We do. Or don't we?." After ordering an appetizer of fried calamari we ordered entrees of the chicken picatta and the chicken parmesan.  We were not offered an ice bucket for our white wine, warm wine is better than no wine, right? A basket of bread was brought to the table. There was no olive oil, butter, or anything to eat the bread with, so we ate it dry. 
Eating dry bread, drinking warm wine, and dealing with the flies and lack of service wasn't a HUGE deal breaker, but as I look into the window of the restaurant from outside, the table next to us had all the things we desired. An ice bucket, olive oil, a smile on their faces. I felt as if we were last picked for a game of kickball. After we finished our entrees, a man comes around and places olive oil on all the outside tables. I'm not sure if we were forgotten about or if sitting outside grants you different service than sitting inside, but this experience was a huge disappointment all around.  My entree was pretty good, but Dining Partner's chicken parm left much to be desired. The marinara was watery and tasteless. We couldn't wait to get out of there. There's another Italian BYOB the next block over with better food and WAY better service. Will not be back.
Finally, the list of rules in the menu is absurd.This is by far one of my favorite BYOBs in the city.  My buddy Sal and I were walking around the city and he was complaining about he gaudiness of the Italian places in Midtown.  He pointed to la fontana della città and said "See that place?  Simple.  They probably have great food."
And they do.  
But it's not the just food that has me going back - the service is amazing.  It reminds me of sitting in one of my favorite little spots overseas... quiet, relaxed, slow but attentive.  I've never felt rushed - and never felt like I was waiting.
The fish dishes are amazing - the Salmon being my favorite... but I have been preferring the Eggplant Parm lately.  The way they slice the eggplant leaves for a unique mouthfeel... and SO tasty.  I can also recommend the gnocchi (even if I can't pronounce it right).  It's not Little Italy... but it's good stuff.
Worst website ever - but worth a visit.  Bring friends.Absolutely my worst experience in an Italian Restaurant in Philly in years. Food is below average, service is slow and I saw the waiters favor regulars and mock new customers. Rudest waiter and owner I've dealt with in Philly. I've been to many more expensive restaurants....still this isn't cheap and for what you get, it's terribly over-priced. 
Lived here all my life...this is my WORST review of a Philly Restaurant.These Italian BYOBs all seem the same.
This one had a slightly nicer atmosphere than most and my mushroom appetizer was really good. My girlfriend liked her shrimp pasta. My eggplant parm deserved 2 stars at best.One of my go to BYOB restaurants in center city- delicious and affordable.Was looking for a moderately priced Italian BYOB for an impromptu celebration with  my parents and boyfriend, since I just got offered a sweet new job (yay me!!). We were immediately seated without reservations...it was 7:30 on a Thursday and not crowded at all.
I get nervous bringing my dad to a restaurant I haven't tried before, since he was a restaurant manager in times of yore and is therefore more than a little judgy. I was DELIGHTED that dad was super impressed with his veal. It was thinly sliced but still cooked to perfection. 
My mom and I both got shrimp scampi and they did well cooking it to taste -- my mom's light on garlic, mine a bit heavy on it. The portion sizes were large (2 meals for me).
The service was fine for a relaxed meal, but I could see how you wouldn't want to eat here if you're in a rush.
This place is very in line with the yummy, nice but not fancy Italian restaurants I grew up with in Jersey. :) You get what you expect here, which is a delish carb filled Italian meal.Great Italian food - not so great service.  Would continue to go back just for the food, in spite of the service.The food was pretty mediocre, and certainly not worth the price.  I had the Pollo Alla Piccata, which had a somewhat strange texture, and my boyfriend had the Gnocchi Al Gorgonzola, which he said tasted like Kraft Mac & Cheese (it kinda did).  Service was okay, though bringing 5 pieces of bread for 8 people without being ask for more isn't exactly ideal.
If you come with a group, be prepared to tip 20% regardless of how good you felt the service was, and don't plan on splitting the bill on more than two cards. Not sure what they do here that they feels justifies their prices and group dining regulations. Some of my friends thought their meals were quite good, so your mileage may vary, but I personally wouldn't choose to return.La Fontana is one of my top 3 favorite BYOs in Philly. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi - I get it every time and it never let's me down. Addicted is an understatement! 
Also, if you forget your wine, they'll give you a glass of house wine for free :)Very impressed.Service , shrimp risotto, chicken parm were all amazing. Definitely recommend!Good food, horrible service. Usually great food can overcome bad service - not here. I've been here 3 times in 6 months and the first time was great, the second time was okay, and the third time was lousy. The food all three times was good - the service went downhill. I read reviews that they only care about regulars. That could be - although it seems like a very odd idea, because we live  only 5 blocks away and could become regulars. However, our service was COLD, disinterested and rushed us. there was nothing pleasant about him or the overall experience of dining here. There were some female waitresses that tried to make up for our server but basically the treatment is lousy.We made a reservation for a party of 20 - we called to confirm said reservation - we arrive and surprise on a packed Saturday night there was no table available. 
Furious - my friend who made the reservation spoke with them and about 35 minutes later (which involved the whole party - balloons and all - forced to wait outside) we were seated at two separate tables and not the one table we requested.  
Either way that's not the only thing I hated. 
The waitstaff was terrible when it came to answered questions about the menu - simple things like "do you make your pasta with eggs?" "Is there butter in the arrabbiata?" Just basic menu questions..... At one point they brought me out two entrees Bc they "didn't understand" what I ordered.  Then halfway through eating my pasta they came and grabbed the bowl away from me and claimed it was made with butter (wait didn't I ask that already?) 
I'm sure other people have had much better experiences but I was just not that impressed.Down with this place! Great for groups! We were with a group of 20 and the service was fair! Delicious food and love how it's BYOBGreat for large groups, have been there twice with a very big crowd and food has been great. Waiters are very, very attentive and pleasant to talk to which is always a plus. 
Big groups can be difficult to manage (especially when we're so loud) but the service has been of great quality, they're great at handling the chaos without jeopardizing quality of food and service.
Good place! Recommend.The service here is awful. Simply, the worst.  I made an open table reservation for NYE after checking out their website a week before and seeing no special menu for the evening.  It was not until we arrived at the restaurant that we learned it was a $100 per person Prix fix BYO- no alcohol included.  Seriously?!?! When we informed them this was NOT indicated on the website and we are not interested in a frix fix meal the hostess informed us there was nothing she could do and we should probably try somewhere else, and that we did.  Thank you to Parc Rittenhouse for squeezing our party of 5 in last minute on NYE and for the OUTSTANDING service provided.  I will never advise anyone I know to dine at La Fontana Della Citta.La Fontana is my go to for a quick, good Italian dinner. You can always get a table and they're fine with larger groups.
Never noticed before, but it seems that they have started to charge a cork fee. This is not mentioned anywhere on the site or menu.C'mon- "Risotto Pescatore" is not seafood topped with white rice. Awful.Excellent restaurant, the food was amazing, and the waiters were very nice and friendly. I was walking by the restaurant with my friends and stopped to look at the menu, i had never been on that restaurant so I didn't know it was a BYOB , but they offered us some complimentary glasses of wine since we didn't bring any. I would totally recommend this restaurant to everyone, I would definitely go back !!  
Best callamariiiiiiiiiii ever!!!!!!I have never written a review on Yelp until now... 
I have actually eaten here before and had great experiences each time. The food was good, service was friends and then add in BYOB and I am a happy customer! This is why I thought this place would be the perfect restaurant to celebrate my birthday. 
My boyfriend had called 2 weeks in advance to make the reservation to fit 8 guests. He had modified this reservation a couple of days later since our party grew to be 12. He even went to the restaurant the day of my birthday and our reservation to drop off a cake since I am allergic to gluten and confirmed the new reservation number with the manager. - you would think this would be smooth sailing and a great dinner celebration to come right? Guess again...
When we arrived, the table was set for 8 people. Immediately we went to speak with the manager and hostess about the mistake. They told us that they were not able to accommodate us, even though he had called and stopped by earlier to confirm. They then said that we could have a table in the basement but had to leave at 8:45pm. Our reservation was for 7pm and after the seating debacle it was going on 7:30. Not exactly how I wanted to start out my birthday dinner, but I was just happy all my friends and family had a seat.
at 8:30 they promptly told us that we needed to pay and leave. We understood that we had to leave and handed over a mix of cash and a few cards. They then said they would only run two cards and that the party needed to go get cash and figure it out. As they filed in the new party and pushed us out.
I really hoped for a great way to start out my birthday but La Fontana, you really rained on my birthday parade.This small BYOB was excellent. It was recommended to me by a friend.  The Calamari Fritti was one of the best I have ever had.  The Bruschetta was good, but that is easy to get  right. Veal Francese was excellent as well as the Cavalli Bolognese. The restaurant is nicely located 2 blocks from Rittenhouse square. There is about 4 outdoor tables.  The service was spot on.  We kind of lingered longer than I was comfortable with but the staff was patient.  Highly recommend this restaurant and I will be back.Ah, La Fontana. This BYO place is just really odd. I've been here twice now for birthday dinners, because they are super accommodating to large groups. However, the food just isn't that good, and the place itself feels old and outdated.
There is a big dining room upstairs, but that was already occupied by another large group, and we were seated down in the basement. This was fine, we ended up having the place to ourselves down there, buttttt it smelled like sewage. Truly. And felt like you were eating in a basement.
I was disappointed that since we had a large group deal, we had a limited menu to order from. I went with the Pollo Fantasia which was ok. Two large skinny slabs of chicken.
One thing I will say is that they brought out dessert "samplers" at the end, but they were actually HUGE and by far the best part of the evening. I loved the tiramisu. 
I'll avoid La Fontana in the future but I still had a lovely time with my friends. I mean, it was BYO!Been here a couple of times and it is always good. Last time I had a seafood pasta special that was to die for! Scvallops, crap meat, shrimp, etc. The sauce was perfect too. I love their pasta dishes but have had chicken once or twice.
The bread is good - this is always my first impression. Having olive oil instead of butter is a given for me and I like that they do this.
I had a 9:15 reservation but we had to wait like 30 minutes! I was super annoyed at this as we were told we were the next two but then saw others go. They were jam packed which shows how good it is though. The waiter told us with was nothing - he thought only 250 people came through whereas the next night would be 350-400! When you see the size of the place, you'll know how impressive that is!
And as always - love BYOs. Good authentic Italian spot.Food is basic Italian (on par with the olive garden). Nothing special. The hostess was incredibly rude to us. Not worth going here again.I would of given a higher rating as the dishes were very delicious!! We had Cesar salad, penne alla vodka w/chicken, linguini alla Von golle, and white/chocolate mouse with blueberries at the bottom.  However, the service was not there, they weren't pleasant, didn't pay attention to us one 2 huge part is came in.  Towards the end a waiter finally helped us all the way to the end, he was the only friendly person there.  We would go again but knowing the food is worth it and be patient - do try it for an Italian yummy dishes!!The last time I was here I witnessed a waiter go after a customer outside and punch him. We ran into that group after and they said they were wrongfully accused of trying to dine and dash. Needless to say the service here is terrible. It is nearly impossible to get anyone's attention to even just refill your glass. Also kept having issues with them trying to clear plates before we were done eating. 
Had a reservation for a Friday night, table of 3 and they sat us in the basement in a room of a birthday party, very awkward. 
The food is sub-par, pasta tasteless, under cooked. I will not return or recommend this restaurant.One of the finest Italian restaurants I've been too.  It reminded me of the "Little Bear in Rome"!  Not to fancy, with great services and wonderful food.This place is great. They treated me like a king after I was having the worst day ever. The food was delicious. It's even better that it's a BYOB. Now I can get as hammered as I want without some jerkstore bartender cutting me off. Woo hoo!My favorite Italian BYOB in Philadelphia. Definitely a Philly best kept secret. Authentic food, you can't go wrong with what you order!Meh. I've been here 3 times and I will never go back. On my last trip, we made reservations for 5pm on Friday and they brought us down to a dingy basement with FRUIT FLIES. The food was just OK. I would never return. The servers were rude and inconvenienced by our presence. La Fontana is notorious for booking and rushing large parties. Totally not worth it.While dining at the fountain of the city with some friends, I found myself thinking, "what am I going to write when I yelp this place? How many stars should I give? I wonder what everyone else is talking about and why they aren't including me in the conversation, probably because I'm having an internal monologue about yelp."  Once I reintroduced myself to my dining compatriots, I was able to take in the experience more fully.
The restaurant decor is what you would expect from a center city italian byo, and by that I mean it feels like you just walked into the main floor of someone's home who has set up for a dinner party. A nice intimate setting with multiple dining areas. Seated in the main dining room surrounded by windows, we were able to take in the wonderful snowball fight going on outside.
The wait staff is pretty authentic, equipped with accents and all. As others have pointed out, they aren't the overly attentive type, but they're not absent either; it was a happy medium in which they lived. Our waiter decided to go the cerebral, eco-friendly route and didn't utilize his tools of the trade to write down our orders, preferring rather to use his noodle to remember our plethora of selections. Surprisingly he remembered everything; well done my man.
As for the food, I feel that everyone at our table enjoyed his/her meal; however, I would venture to say that no one has had an insatiable craving to return for seconds. The appetizers (calamari, eggplant rollatini, bruschetta, antipasto) were all solid, but not drool-inducing. The pasta plates were also well executed, but nothing out of the ordinary. Enjoyable for a meal, but nothing life-changing. Not to say that every meal has to be a profound experience, but it's nice to leave satisfied, not just satiated.
Overall, the best part of La Fontana was the ability to get together with good friends and enjoy ourselves in a cozy atmosphere without obtrusion.Ok, if you are walking around Rittenhouse sq you must visit La Fontana Della Citta. My girlfriend and I went there without reservation on Friday night, and they didn't have problem making a table for us. The staff was so friendly, soon as we were seated the waiter arrived at our table, and offered us a glass of wine since we didn't know it was a BYOB. 
The outdoor sitting was beautiful. I always like to sit outside, and here in Philadelphia you can find many spots with outdoor seating. 
The food was delicious. We had FRIED CALAMARI  for appetizer which was by far the best I ever had. The salads were ok not many options. For entrees my girlfriend tried their special lobster ravioli with spinach and crabmeat and she loved it. 
I had Bronzino and I enjoyed a lot. 
Don't leave this place without having their homemade TIRAMISU. 
I will definitely go backFood is pretty good. Not the best Italian in the city, but still good. Service was good. And the food came out very quickly.i've never had a bad meal here.. and the staff are so friendly. easily my favorite BYOB in the cityWorst meal of my life! Everything is covered in Gravy like sauces and the quality of the meat and seafood is terrible. Sorry but you guys need a new chef.Absolutely terrible experience dining here on Saturday night with a large party of 15+. We had a couple friends visiting from out-of-town and we wanted to show them a good night at a solid BYO restaurant. What we got instead was a disaster. The food itself wasn't a dealbreaker- considering how many Italian places there are in Philly, there's no need to come back to the place at least for the sake of any of the dishes. The real issue was the service and the set of rules that La Fontana seems to have a knack for. When we called ahead and made our reservation, we never once were told about the $16 minimum on Friday/Saturday nights. But our waiter told us at the beginning of the service so even those who really did not want to order entrees understood the policy and adjusted their orders. At the end of our meal, we were told of another surprise rule by the same waiter, regarding the 2 card maximum per party. Even in a large party of 15+, we were not told of this policy ahead of time and when we explained that it is an inconvenience for us in such a big group to accomodate for cash only on such short notice, we were promptly dealt with a menu to our face and told to use their ATM. I don't think so. We took care of the bill with 2 credit cards, and tried to get out of there ASAP but I will never be coming back here. Mediocre food, terrible waitstaff, and an unbearably arrogant sense of righteousness from the management. A manager who would rather argue that he was not in the wrong than understand the customer's point of view is in the wrong line of business. Skip this place.La Fontana Della Citta was a nice selection for a Sat night dinner in the Rittenhouse Square area of Philly. Its located on Spruce St and its a charming part of the city. The wait staff is friendly, the portion sizes are substantial, love the BYOB, and the menu is nice for vegetarians, meat and fish lovers and those who enjoy the thud of ghocchi sticking to the inside of their ribcage. Overall, a nice experience. Now the bad part, the place is small (I mean ridiculously small- I'm a big guy, and I had to press my stomach against the table with all my might to let a waiter past our table constantly), and the tables are very pressed for space. Reservations are a must on Fri and Sat nights (if you want a more spacious experience, make sure in your reservation you request a table away from the front doors- these tables seem to have more room). The wait staff is fun but it becomes abundantly clear you cant figure out who your actual waiter is or when they'll be back. Took us about 15 min to order a bruschetta appetizer.  Overall, it definitely has areas of improvement, but I enjoyed this little wonder snuggled in the neighborhood of Rittenhouse Sq.Ambiance:  The ambiance really depends on where you are being seated.  The outdoor tables look charming.  The inside ground floor tables look intimate and upscale-casual.  I was unfortunately sat with a large group reservation in the basement.  While I appreciate that it was a space that could hold a large table, it was also down a flight of narrow steps and past a kitchen area.  While it did not have the same lovely ambiance of the ground floor seating, I understand and appreciate that large group seating cannot always be accommodated with the same atmosphere.
Service:  The waitstaff was knowledgeable and courteous.  All the plates were brought out hot and at one time.
Food:  Delicious!  This has got to be one of the best Italian places in Philadelphia.  The fact that it is BYOB makes it such a steal!  I got the gnocchi, which you know is a risk if you have ever watched Top Chef.  But they were delicious in flavor and the texture was good.  While I am pretty sure I have had fluffier gnocchi, I was still happy to scarf these gnocchi down.  The food was well executed and done so with quality ingredients.
Overall:  I would definitely come back.  Bring some wine and order to your hearts content.  Just do not come with a large group and get relegated to the basement.  ;)Fantastic!!  Still confused as to why this place doesn't have more 4 or 5 star ratings Reading other reviews seemed as though many of the diners with low ratings were a bit uncultured or lacked dining experience. 
Stumbled across this place while visiting Philly.  What a pleasant surprise & awesome find.  They weren't too busy so we were sat right away - which I can't believe. The wait staff was very pleasant and attentive. BEST calamari ever - fresh, tender, not over fried, and prepared just right.  Risotto was phenomenal - not typical but phenomenal none the less.  We learned at the end of dinner this is a BYOB restaurant- note for next visit. All in all, we will definitely return and highly recommend this place when visiting Philly.Everything at this place was just utterly disappointing - Food was terrible, service was worse. After the order was placed they changed the prices. $20 for a plate of fried calamari is ridiculous! The rest of the food was sloppy and poorly executed. Automatically charged for 20% for gratuity for a table of 5 and the server yelled at me when I asked him to take it off.Just ok. Decent enough, but pretty mediocre.Held our rehearsal dinner here on 10/31/14. It was a joke. When we arrived none of the beer or white wine we dropped off at 11 am had been chilled. The "antipasto" (quoted because I don't want to offend antipasto courses as a whole) consisted of one piece each of grilled zuchinni, squash and red pepper per person!? Bread was stale. Olive oil on tables was rancid. Entrees were passable at best. They'd be great if it was 1992. Dessert was a selection of mediocre Italian items. No coffee served or offered. All for $35/ person. They should be ashamed for slapping an entire country across the face. Please close soon so that this space can be used for a real restaurant with fresh food. Bleh.An Italian restaurant run by Albanian's???
Its a BYOB place, which is cool. We both had the Night's Special, which I can't locate on their menu. It was Spiral pasta with 2 Shrimp, 2 Scallops that were cut in half at least, with crab meat. it was supposed to have a wine sauce. The dish had NO flavor at all. It was depressing. When I was done I felt as if I ate a pot of pasta.
Unfortunately this wasn't a pleasant eating experience, there was so much pasta and very lil of the seafood for $29.50 with dozens of restaurants around, the pricing is  pretty bad.
Looking at their Menu on-line your all impressed. I would come here again to try something else. Just to make sure this was a fluke.
But Ive noticed around different cities along the East Coast that many Italian restaurants have been taken over by Armenian's which is cool if their keeping it authentic Italian, somebody's gonna need cooking classes in it.
So until I return I stand by my experiences.First time eating here, just stopped in looking for somewhere to have a quick bite. Food was delicious. Place was not packed, our waiter was welcoming the. He disappeared and we literally had to wave someone down for the bill. Overall, I would definitely return.My first experience at La Fontana was at La Fontana Coast in Sea Isle City, NJ.  I was always extremely impressed with the food there, so I knew that I would love the location in Philly. 
I ordered the eggplant rollatini for my appetizer (delicious!) and the gnocchi sorrentina (gnocchi in a light pink sauce with chopped mozz. cheese) for my entree. I'm a gnocchi snob and this was probably one of the best gnocchi dishes I have ever had. For dessert I ate a chocolate cake, which was good but nothing to rave about. But then again I ate the whole slice, so they must have done something right.I went to La Fontana Della Citta for restaurant week with three other friends and i loved it. Everyone loves a byob & good food. 
First Course: Mussels in red sauce. The sauce was perfect.
Second Course: Combination of three pastas. Gnocchi gorgonzola....absolute heaven, definitely going back for this. Penne Arrabiata, aslo delicious. Cheese Ravioli in vodka sauce, would definitely order that also. 
Third Course: Tilapia, St. Peter's fish sauteed with sundried tomatoes, capers, asparagus and finished with extra virgin olive oil in white wine lemon sauce. It was good, would definitely order it again.
Fourth Course: Coconut sorbet
The service was really good, especially after reading previous reviews on here. There is not one complaint I could even come up with about this place. I definitely plan to go back because it is in a great location, has great food and is byob. I suggest La Fontana Della Citta to anyone looking for good food!I was thinking place would not be good cause of the reviews I have to say experience was very good. Food is very good reasonable and the staff was excellent. I must say please try this place with an open mind you won't be disappointed!  Most people who left bad reviews were probably just unrealistic expectations.Byob, decent food, and I never feel rushed. Although the servers might want to be on the phones away from customers view. It just doesn't look very professional for that type of setting.I am no longer living in Philadelphia but try to come here everytime I come back to visit friends! It offers small, intimate dining where you can actually hear everyone at your table! Service is great and I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that they are a BYO. The gnocchi dishes and vodka sauce are my ultimate favorites in town!Food was good both times I've been there and comes out pretty quickly. However, I have yet to be able to use the 10% cash discount. Both times I was there they didn't let me use the coupon. The first time was because there were too many people in my party. The most recent time was because I didn't actually have the coupon printed out. I would think that in this day and age they should be able to see I have the coupon pulled up on my phone and honor it, but that was not the case.Several weeks ago, I had a terrible experience with the restaurant, both with the food AND then with the service.  
I ordered porcini pasta, one of my favorite dishes.  The chef used dried porcinis, but somehow hadn't washed them thoroughly enough after soaking, and so they were incredibly gritty.  Each mushroom I ate was like chewing on sand.  The waiter did not come by and as us how our food was, and I tried to get his attention, but in vain. I decided to just eat the pasta (which was good), and not eat the mushrooms.  
When the waiter FINALLY came to ask how our food was (my husband was already done eating his dish), I complained hat the mushrooms had not been properly washed and were gritty.  He asked me if I wanted a different dish, and I told him no (my husband was already done , the pasta was enough to make me feel full and I didn't want to wait for a long time), but that he should let the chef know that he needs to do a better job of washing the porcinis.  
Then the waiter actually had the audacity to tell me that that's the way dried porcini mushrooms are.  Now, the waiter probably thought that I had never cooked with dried porcinis before, but I have, and they are NOT sandy if you wash them! I felt incredibly insulted by him telling me that that's just how they are.  I vigourously (but politely) disagreed with him.  Anyway, didn't he learn that "the customer is always right"? Even if he really thinks that porcinis are always sandy, shouldn't he just apologize and make that be the end of it? 
I thought that he might give us something small for free to make up for it, but he didn't.  Apparently the fact that a customer was upset was not that big of a deal for him.  
We left no tip and resolved never to go back.  I'm writing my first Yelp reveiw ever to share this experience with other comsumers.  
maybe if you don't get the porcini pasta, the other food could be fine, but there are so many great Italian restaurants near Rittenhous, why go to one with spotty food where you risk being insulted by the waitstaff?Getting super sauced the night before taking your dad out for lunch is not a good idea. But sometimes social obligations, such as bachelor parties and Father's Day, are at odds with one another. When it happens, you just have to man up and face the music.
That being said, I throw my full endorsement behind La Fontana when such a situation should arise. You might feel like complete dogshit, but at least your old man will have a good meal, and you can take yours home to be enjoyed once your internal organs are functioning again.Great Italian food! Came here to carbo-load before the Philly half marathon and definitely got the right nutrients for a great race and had a wonderful dining experience. The place is BYOB, but we didnt bring wine because we were running the next morning. The waiter, however, gave all four of us a complimentary glass of wine when we told him we were running. We debated whether wine the night before a race was smart--Why was the waiter trying to tempt us?!--but decided one glass couldnt hurt. Instead, the glass provided for a nice toast, and helped us digest and go to bed a little earlier. THANK YOU!
We started with salads, which were HUGE and done very well. They were well dressed and yummy. The entree portions were giant and soo good. We all had pastas that were light, filling and perfect for a pre race dinner!The staff consists mostly of early 20-somethings fresh from Europe. I guess it is trés chic to treat customers trés horrible. Yes, talking about you, "Elvin" (server) and "E--------" (female hostess with impossible-to-spell name.)
I am currently 6.5 months pregnant and came for a rehearsal dinner with my husband and 2 yr old daughter. I guess I look like a clean-cut, pregnant, toddler-holding, lady tagger. We smiled as we entered and exited several times during the 3 hour meal for "breaks". On one of these breaks I was writing on paper but was using the wall as a hard surface. Hostess motioned to Elvin inside, pointing at me. Elvin came out and asked if there was something he could help me with, ever so sarcastically. I told him I was with a group that is currently patronizing the fine establishment. He also realized that I was writing on paper and not defacing their precious entrance. No apologies, just a snotty look a huff and right back in. Dirty looks from the hostess.
The food at this place was just okay. The best thing I had was the bruschetta. I had the salmon meal which was pretty bland. Unfortunately this place doesn't have it together for larger parties (about 25) in the the private party room. We had a multi-course meal and it took about 1/2 hour to get any food (I'm talking about a bread basket) from the moment we sat down to over 2 hours to get the last course of the meal and I had to remind them to bring salad.I joined my coworkers here. They wanted dinner. All I needed was dessert. It worked out fine. This was a BYOB. Mags had two bottles of red with her. Good lookin' out! So it was Mags, Zinski S., Lino J. and a few fellows from the office. And 2 bottles of wine. Good thing I only wanted dessert. Even though I had a sip or 2 of each of the wines.  Lino J. (seated beside me) had the arugula salad, seafood linguine, and cannoli. OMG, the tastes she gave me were absolutely delicious.
For dessert, I had the fresh peach sorbet. Yes. Even though it was freezing out, I had a sorbet. It was so cute. So peachy. So light. A perfect ending to my light dining evening.
When I swing up to Philly on a whim, this will definitely be one of my dinning spots. I want to try a full dining experience and upgrade my rating.If I could rate this place a zero I would. Absolutely worst service of any restaurant in my 7 years in Philadelphia. I was in a large group of 20 people for a birthday (everyone purchasing at least $25 of food that's $550, after taxes, at a minimum before tip). After one hour they forced us to leave because another large party had a reservation. There was still people eating with food on their plates and waiters came by and picked them up. Also one of our friends was on their phone and a waiter yelled if you are just going to text then you must be done eating and can leave. We approached the manager about this problem, he refused to accommodate us in any way and refused to give us his name. In comment of the food, it was your average middle of the road italian. Similar to an Olive Garden but that may even be too high of a review. I will never return. 
Summary: never go here.Atmosphere was very nice and a good location.  The service was very good.  The food was ok...but as far as italian places go in the city, I was expecting better tasting food.  The wine uncorking fee is a little over the top on the BYOB.  That was not necessary.I love this place.  It's our go to place.   I think we eat there monthly.   The food is consistently good.  The wait staff is awesome and the portions are good size.  I can reliably get the special and love it.This place is decent.  I had Fettichini alfredo ($16.95) and Gnocchi Gorgonzola ($17.95).  The food was pretty good, the sauces were nice and creamy and tastey. 
However, for just "good" food, with NO MEAT on either dish, the prices were too expensive.  I'd go back if someone else was paying, but for my own dime, there's plenty of other BYOB italian places around the corner that I will try. 
On a good note, the servers and hostess were very nice, and the place smells wonderful when you walk inside.
Note: the "explore menu" option on Yelp has all the prices several dollars lower than the actual menu.  I thought I was buying $14-$15 dollar dishes based upon Yelp, but to my surprise it was actually $17-$18.  Also, the Fettuchini Alfredo says it comes with peas & chicken, but my actual dish had none of that, just pasta & alfredo sauce.It was so packed that nobody could move around. The waiters even had a hard time. We were rushed and told repeatedly that our table will needed for the next party. The menu on the very back page does have a set of rules that everyone must follow including, being considerate with volume, paying extra if you share, 20% tip will automatically be included, etc. The food was too buttery and the meatballs microwaved. I ended up speaking to the owner. After I spoke with the owner he said that it was because our friends had arrived late and it was a wasted table. I apologized for that, but it was still unnecessary to give us poor service. He said, VERBATIM "I'm sorry you think you had bad service, you and your group may leave now or I will have to remove you from the premises." I don't think that was really necessary because I wasn't demanding anything or even trying to insult his restaurant. I was simply telling him my feedback and slightly hoping for an apology and that they will try better next time.Awful from start to finish. Plenty of great BYOBs in the city to not subject yourself to this. We only went because we needed a last minute reservation for 7 and the options were limited. Never making that mistake again. They crammed us at a table for 6 (only 6 chairs) and then told us to wait and they would move us. Saying it would just be ten minutes but after 40 minutes and never asking to bring us menus or anything they finally moved us to another table for 6 (7 chairs this time).  They dropped off one plate of mussels for the group and gave a quick apology. Food was subpar at best and to close out the evening they did not return my card after the payment. The waiter told me to look under the table even though I knew it was never returned to me. Found my card on a shelf in the restaurant on my way out. Starting and ended the evening equally as awful. Never coming back and would never recommend it.I had the gnocchi there about 2 months  ago, not only did it taste bad I woke up at 3 am with horrific abdominal pain and was in the bathroom for an hour. Service sucked too they forgot one of our entrees so we all had to wait, it's absolutely over priced for what u get, I will never go backA group of 15 of us went for dinner on December 27th and had a great time. We sat in the back room and brought our own wine. The staff was very attentive and came by often to check on us. 
The food was amazing!  I had the Seafood pasta special and even though I was full about 3/4 of the plate, I finished it. We all had a great time and will return next time we are in Philly.Interesting space we have here. After driving here from New York, and after I found a spot (40 minutes..kill me), walked up to this little restaurant. Now I am pretty used to crowds, however the entrance was jam packed with CheesyGirl Fest '08. Finally after getting past the crowd (and the fashions from Summer/Fall 2003) I made my way into the 23 deep crowd for my friend's birthday. Since this is a BYOB, I busted out my Riesling and my friend busted out her red wine. Ordered, sat, sat some more...and then finally they started bringing out the meals. I was a little late to the appetizers, and the bread was so/so. I do have to say that the meal was pretty good for your money. I had the Chicken Marsala which was not bad at all. I enjoyed it. Overall, I think the space is a little small for how many people they try and cram in. There were a bunch of large parties there, so obviously people had the same idea as us.
I enjoyed myself, liked the food, and if I were having a party in 'Illadel, I would have it here.Made a Thanksgiving day reservation after confirming on the phone that a turkey dinner would be offered. When we arrived at 2:30pm we were told the turkey would not be ready for several hours. I'm very upset at the deception from the management and will not be returning.My friends decided to come here for Saturday night. First of all, it took them 45 minutes to seat us. If they didn't have any seats for us, they shouldn't have let us make the reservation.
After we finally got seated, the food was not great. It was very expensive and it was not very authentic. I ordered the seafood pasta and the seafood was not fresh at all. There are much better choices for Italian food in Philadelphia, such as Salento. The service was also terrible. They were not accommodating at all and were extremely rude to us. We had some confusion with the bill that could have been resolved easily if they acted reasonably. Instead, they decided to make a huge fuss and got very angry at us. I CANNOT recommend this restaurant to anyone. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.Came here on restaurant week with some girl friends and had a great time. Food overall was good - nothing bad at all, but nothing blew me away either. The bread was okay - wish there was good sauce/oil for dipping though. The mussels were good, pasta sampler was the best part of the night - very good but not a huge portion - chicken parm was also good, but again, it didn't blow me away. Staff is friendly and it's a BYOB which is nice. Overall, good but not out of this world.Last weekend I went for dinner with the girls at La Fontana Della Citta for restaurant week. My experience was a tale of two restaurants. I'd give the food a 3.5 and the service a 2. 
First, let me tell you about the service/experience. Half of our group of 6 was running late and they were kind enough to seat us anyways. Unfortunately, we were seated in the upstairs back room at the back table by the kitchen door. It was pretty cramped and I found myself sitting extremely close to the table to stay out of the way of the servers walking past. There was another table for 4 so close to us that one of the women's hair was practically resting on our table. 
There was something odd about the servers. I asked where the restroom was and in all seriousness got the response of "we don't have one." It took him a few beats to smile and point me in the right direction. I just didn't find that funny. At one point we wanted a group picture and one of the servers insisted in jumping in it. Uhhh, thanks for the photo-bomb? 
There were just basic elements of a nice dining experience that were missing. My friend had to ask twice for her wine glass, our waters were never refilled and we were never offered fresh pepper/cheese (which I saw they had). 
But the food was good so I'll be forgiving of the service. The restaurant week menu included 4 courses for $35. For my appetizer I selected the eggplant rollatini. It was pretty good. The ricotta cheese was sweet and it wasn't smothered in sauce. The eggplant was a little soft and could have been slightly more baked to my liking, but otherwise it was enjoyable. For the second course, the entire table got their own selection of the "pasta mista" which included gnocchi Gorgonzola, penne arrabiata, and cheese ravioli. The gnocchi was healthily filled with potato and the Gorgonzola was not too overwhelming of a flavor. According to some of the girls, the penne arrabiata was spicy, but it just tasted like a basic penne in red sauce to me. The cheese ravioli was good but nothing special. 
By far my favorite part of the meal was my main course, the Pollo Fantasia. This was a chicken cutlet sauteed with asparagus, topped with mozzarella cheese in lemon white wine sauce. And it was fantastic. The chicken was tender and the cheese was melted perfectly in a perfect proportion. The best part was the sauce. It was slightly creamy and slightly tangy at the same time. Each component of the dish blended together oh so nicely. 
For dessert I went with the cannoili. The cream was sweet but not too sweet. The cannoli shell was pretty large and nicely flavored. I sampled a bit of everyone's dessert which included tiramisu, tartufo and chocolate cake. Yummy all around. I'm not a big dessert person but I enjoyed them all. 
It's BYOB establishment so added bonus. 
So the service/experience wasn't a total disaster and the food was good so I'd be willing to go back...perhaps just not during restaurant week.Came here with a super large party; the staff was very accommodating with our BYO selections.
Service was a bit slow and the food was okay -- the calamari shell was too overwhelming, the caesar salad was decent, the selection of pasta was just OK (but the gnocchi was quite good!). My veal scallopine came home in a box and was surprisingly good the next day, so points on that.
The waiters seemed to be either new or just uncoordinated. Almost everybody at my table was missing a utensil at some point; it seemed like they weren't consistent on utensil collection or distribution between courses.
I didn't pay for the meal so I enjoyed my experience, and I definitely left the restaurant full. I don't think I'd come back, as there are plenty of other Italian restaurants to choose from in the city.While we didn't have any of the server issues that have plagued many of these reviewers (our service was perfectly nice), the food was truly "meh". 
My sweetie, who had recommended the place, hadn't been in a few years and was truly disappointed at how low the quality has dipped.
There are much better places to drop $100 for 3 without dessert.Great food, great wine and amazing company!  Went for dinner last night with a few couples.  BYO makes this place a steal!  We shared some appetizers, brushetta, caprese, calamari and antipasti, very good and enough for a table of 6.  I had a seafood risotto with clams, mussels, calamari and shrimp..so rich and filling!  My friend really liked her Branzino and my boyfriend couldn't go wrong with the chicken parmesan.  Service was excellent!  Definitely will go again!!!Absolutely loved this place. Another great byob in the city that has amazing Italian food with great portions for a reasonable price.  This restaurant is on open table which made it easy to make a reservation. When we arrived we were seated right away. Service was spot on and they went above and beyond to make you experience enjoyable. Will definitely be back.Perfect calamari and our veal, seafood and pasta entrees were excellent. Adding on 20% gratuity automatically was a little odd but service was great so I would have tipped that anywayI love this Italian byob. I always have a great time. They have a large menu to choose from and their food is incredible. Their portions are large so no one ever leave hungry.  
They are quick with the service and don't rush you like other BYOBs tend to do. We normally come here with a large group, and they always are accommodating. 
The bread does taste like its stale but I would not judge this place off that. Because everything else is so great you won't think twice about the bread.This is a GREAT Italian spot just a few blocks away from Rittenhouse Square. I sat outside for lunch and enjoyed delicious vegetarian appetizers (eggplant, prosciutto, salami, cheeses) and the best Tiramisu! This is BYOB, but there is a decent house wine, too.Had a good experience. The service was fine, but the waiters were rushing my party to leave the restaurant even so it wasn't crowded and there was still time before they close.
There is a minimum mandatory amount to spend per person, what I think does not make any sense.Good place, not great. Couldn't get a reservation at La Viola as was recommended to me, so came here across the street instead.  Meal consisted of bruschetta appetizer, I had spaghetti bolognese, and my fiance had linguine in white clam sauce.  I really wanted spaghetti and meatballs, but they didn't have meatballs.  Really?!  My plate was pretty good though, with a cheesy meat sauce and decent portion.  I was a bit annoyed with the arrangement of the tables being so close together, and the bussers being much too quick with the clearing of the plates as soon as we lifted our last bites.  Take it easy and let me sit here for a second and enjoy it!  Overall, I'd eat here again for a pre-marathon carb loading meal, but wouldn't expect anything outrageous.this place was really cool looking. food wasn't bad. I was starving and my fiance's food came out before mine and I had a salad. how does a salad take longer to make then actual hot food? I'm on a hardcore diet so when it's time to eat I must eat lol. 
food wasn't bad though.We love to visit La Fontana, a little over-priced but a great, filling meal and you will have leftovers as the portions are massive. I highly recommend the Gnocchi Sorrentina, definitely the best gnocchi i've had in the city. Lobster ravioli is also a big hit and not always on the menu but we always get it just by asking. You won't be disappointed!I have read many reviews on yelp and I don't really GET IT! I went on Friday night with my friends and it's not the only time I been here, but let me tell you. It's the best restaurant I have experienced in this neighborhood. I will start with the location, great corner with high ceiling beautiful decor, their staff is so friendly that always try to bring something complementary on the table of you went there more than once( well I am regular, and they are always great with me) . The food it's phenomenal, their gnocchis are my favorite. My dad is a cook back home in Italy and he always wants to come to fontana when he visits. If u are lookin for a good tiramisu stop at fontana and try the best of the best. Our waiter is always different and everyone is very attentive. On top of everything  the manager makes sure to stop by our table and see how we doing.  Will visit the other location on Jerry shore I heard good things about them.Was here on Christmas night, the place was packed. We didnt know it was byob the waiter said he wokld get us a complimentary glass from the restaurants reserve. Cool. Any way had:
Calamari: ok-good lightly floured and fried
Main course: I had black truffle cheese wrapped in pasta served with scallop, crap, shrimp and spinach in a funghi cream sauce. It was awesome. One of the best dishes I've had in a long time.
Eggplant rollotini: ok.
Tiramisu: decent.
Wait staff were friendly and attentive.
Would come back and recommend.A nice, affordable Italian BYOB.  We had a very, very large group in the private party room and had a choice of 3 entrees - and all were delicious.  Services was attentive and not pushy.  Decent atmosphere.
We also came here once on our own and had mediocre pasta dishes. 
We will be back, but not in a hurry.Excellent food and service. We come here at least once a month and have never had  a bad dish. It's very comfortable, but feels like a special occasion spot.This place was about to be good until they sucked. We were leaving and I was curious about the espresso when the waiter told us to "get the fuck out"
Ok dude. Truth is, your espresso is not only shitty, it's horrible. Worse than your overlooked veal piccata or your shitty execute for Italian food.
Que cazzo, you are absolute shit.La Fontana is a classic Italian BYO near Rittenhouse.  It is a crowd-pleaser, especially for a large group. Their eggplant rollatini is great, as well as other classics like chicken parmasen and pasta dishes.  The food is great, the atmosphere is nice, and the location is perfect.  If you want a nice byo with solid Italian food in Center City, make a reservation at Fontana's. 
We went as a large group (around 15 people) and they sat us in an area up the steps to the right, which was great because it was somewhat secluded.  If you are looking to host 20+ people, reserve the downstairs room. We had our rehearsal dinner in that room and it was perfect!!The first time I ate at this restaurant I had an amazing experience, my friend and I each ordered a different special of the day, which came with this amazing cognac sauce and jumbo shrimps. I thought I had discovered a gem of a restaurant, so I decided to hold a birthday dinner party here. To my dismay, it did not live up to my expectations the second time around.
We had reservations party of 10, we all showed up within the 15 minute window of the reservation and were made to wait 45 minutes to be seated. There was no waiting area so we all had to awkwardly stand by the front of the restaurant trying to dodge servers and runners coming in and out of the kitchen. When we were finally seated, we were informed that since it was restaurant week it was mandatory that everyone ordered the prix fixe meal. This was the first time I had heard of a restaurant offering only one set prix fixe menu for all patrons and no one at the restaurant had bothered to inform me of that when I made and confirmed reservations. To add insult to injury, the service was horrible and the food this time was just ok.
Nevertheless, I wanted to relive the amazing experience I had the first time so I came back to La Fontana with my bf for Valentines Day dinner. While we actually got to pick what we wanted to order this time (i went with the valentines special) the food failed to impress. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great.
So one four-star experience and two one-star experiences averages out to two starsWe just had my daughter's wedding dinner there last week.  It was a very small room and we had approximately 60 people.  Cramped, but not their fault.  The food was absolutely wonderful for serving so many people.  My gnocchi with gorgonzola was heavenly.  
The only negative comment I could make was that the staff was "pleasantly rude."  By that I mean, they were obviously annoyed handling so many people and even snapped at the bride (all with a smile, believe it or not).  I honestly have never seen that done before.  Rudeness with a smile.  I spoke to the manager and he also let me have it, with a smile on his face.  Quite comical.  You should all go there and annoy them just to see this!Never again. I booked this place a little over a month in advance for a surprise birthday dinner for my mom's 60th. I thought it was strange that they never took a credit card number for a party of twenty-five. I also expected that they'd discuss what prix fixe option I would be going with so they could plan accordingly, but they never did. Every week I would call back to make sure the reservation was indeed there. 25 people at 8PM, guest of honor to arrive at 8:30 for the big SURPRISE! Every time I called they were just really casual, "Yeah, we got it."
So it rained the day of. And imagine my surprise and horror when I arrived at 8PM to see my 20-something guests all standing outside in the rain. I walked into the restaurant and they told me the last party was still seated and paying the check now. I explained that the surprise would be ruined if we aren't seated soon. She said, "Well, you should have told us." I was livid. I told her I called to confirm this thing FOUR times! She apologized and we were actually seated at 8:30. (I called my dad to stall.)
This is not the end of the horror story though. As a party of 25, I expected to be at four tables, or at worst two. Then my mom could mingle a bit. Instead they shoved us all in a cramped downstairs room at one awkwardly long table. They crammed a bunch of tables together that didn't even fit. They had to angle the last table bc it would have hit the wall. Not only this, but there was another large party of about 15 down there also at one table. The tiny room was packed. It was so loud we couldn't even hear each other. And so hot. 
The food wasn't even good. I basically spent $1000 for a mediocre dish and a migraine. So in summation, this place is the worst. The absolute worst. Hated it!Good food but awful service. My meal came out wrong but our waiter never came back to check on us so it couldn't be corrected. We were there for over 2 hours because the waiter wasn't prompt with getting our orders or bringing us the check. They did give me a dish to go to rectify the problem but I would not return.The calamari & mussels were delicious, Caesar salad was good , the risotto was a little fishy but good . Desert was great , service was great !Gnocchi is great, BYOB is lovely, but the mussels were mediocre-- honestly just tasted like they dumped canned tomatoes and garlic chunks on reheated seafood-- and the veal + sauce was like neighborhood Chinese food. Nothing special, and I am not looking to go back.The food was very delicious but the waiter was so rude, took our order and did not come back the whole time. Our bus boy did everything for us and was awesome. They made us give a 20% gratuity even after we explained the situation of how the bus boy did everything and we didn't think it was fair that the server would get all of that money. Overall, the server stunk and the busboy was awesome!! The manager was stuck up as well and overall not helpful. They do not take discover cards either.I had walked by La Fontana often during the summer months and saw all the tables outside, thinking I should try it. Finally I went last week with my girlfriend and the words mediocre and average stand out. It took a few minutes for anyone to greet us once we sat down, and when they did come over there was no introduction or sharing specials from the waitress. We ordered the bruschetta as an appetizer and I could have made that myself, it was large chunks of tomatoes with some oil on top. I brushed that off and was looking forward to my entree of chicken parmigiana. The piece of chicken was the size off my hand with maybe ten strands of spaghetti on the side. Once we were served, the waitress came over to ask if we wanted fresh Parmesan; she proceeded to bring a bowl of parmesan cheese that looked like it came from a can. I wasn't impressed by anything and will not be dining again here.Last night, me and a buddy called in an order of gnocci and he got some pasta dish to pick up and bring back and watch the Mets acutally beat the Phillies!  I figured out that if the Mets don't lose another game until the end of the year, they have a shot.  Anyway, back to the review, they said 10 minutes, so we walked there and had to wait 40 minutes.  I turned into the doorman for the traffic coming in and going out.  Once we finally asked what was taking so long, they said something happened in the kitchen.  It would have been good to be kept in the know.  Nevertheless, the food was solid and so were The Mets for the night.DO NOT EAT HERE! There are plenty of other great Italian restaurants in the city: Maggiano's, Little Nonna's, tredici, and La Viola.
Worst dining experience I've ever had. 
A group of friends booked their basement for a formal dinner event and was told we would have the entire basement as we needed 35 seats. When we arrived we were told we did not have the entire basement and there was another party of 15 in the basement as well and the rest of the 35 of us had to cram in the remaining space. 
The other party must've been twice our age and they came up to our party and told us to "shut the f up". The one drunken older man from the party (unprovoked) began calling the men in our party limo drivers and chauffeurs. He then proceeded to call a young lady a WHORE and told the men around her that their mothers were whores as well. When we told the owner of the restaurant he was extremely rude and unaccommodating. He basically told us to "deal with it". The wait staff was friendly but the managers and owner were absolutely awful. 
When we received our food two hours after being there the food was not good AND they messed up orders. 
DO NOT EAT HERE! There are plenty of other great Italian restaurants in the city: Maggiano's, Little Nonna's, tredici, and La Viola.I nervously called to make a reservation for 19 afraid they would laugh at me and say no but they said yes so fast that it seemed as though they do it all the time (and when we got there there was another tablet of like 30).
great italian food, CALAMARI is to die for, absolutely love it. scrumptious, yum, i could get some right now.
BYOB makes it great for having big groups.
perfect, i love it to go with a bunch of friendsA group of us girls had reservations here last night for a bachelorette party. Since there were 8 of us, we were seated downstairs which was really nice because we were away from the hustle and bustle of the main floor/kitchen.  
This place is authentic!! From the music played, to the waiters with Italian accents, to the food, of course. The waiters were very accommodating. We asked them to play more upbeat music rather than the opera stuff, they took pictures for us, and they didn't charge us for the cork removal (FYI-they charge $1.95 for each cork removed). This may have been because we had so much wine, or because we were a bachelorette party. Either way, it was very appreciative. 
The food was delicious. Bread and oil are served before dinner. Their pasta special, one of their numerous specials, was a tri-colored pasta with crab meat, scallops, shrimp, and broccoli rabe in a light link sauce. It was decadent. And very well priced for the amount of seafood we got. 
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the Rittenhouse Square area looking for a good BYOB.Finding a good Italian restaurant in Philly is akin to trying to figure out which strip club to hit in Vegas.  They're everywhere.
Not my first choice but since my boyfriend is Italian I had to compromise and go where he fancied.  The staff was very courteous and professional and the food was good but I did not feel it was exceptional.  Also, I did not care for the casual ambience or decor, at least not for a "night out on the town."  
Experience might have been different if we sat outside and perhaps bought and brought a better quality of wine.  But since it was "all about him" that evening, I did not have much say in that, either.
I would considering lunching here al fresco but probably pick a more upscale place for dinner.  Philly has too many options anyway to be loyal to "just one."I made a reservation for a large group on a Friday Night.  We arrived ten minutes before our reservation but they made us wait until 40 minutes past our reservation time.  In addition, we had to wait out in 20 degree weather.  They had outdoor heaters, but they ran out of gas pretty quickly and we had to huddle for warmth.  During our wait, a group of comparable size that had arrived after us was seated before us.  As we were walking in, a racial epithet was thrown at us by another patron within earshot of the hostess.  The hostess did nothing.  
The food was pretty good and our waiter was very enthusiastic, but the experience was a total bust.  We were left wondering if we had to wait because our group was largely made of minorities.
However, they overcharged my credit card, according to my bank statement.  I will be fighting this overcharge and I will highly advise any potential patrons to avoid this restaurant.Went there on Friday night last week with some friends. The place was packed, but still service was good.  The food was ok. I was not impressed with the risotto, but the seafood tasted fresh and was well cooked. Atmosphere was very pleasant, and for a cooler night, you have the option to seat outside, and bring your own bottle of wine. Would go back to try other things on the menu.A couple of friends of mine and I went to la Fontana because another Italian byo down the street was booked. We made reservations for 8p and arrived around that time.  The meal was delicious, but I can only give two stars because of the terrible service! We ordered and finished our meal rather quickly and were relaxing and drinking wine when at 9:15, the manager came to our table and asked us to LEAVE because they needed the table! Now, I understand circumstances where is we had called for reservations and they had to squeeze us in and let us know up front we had to be out by a specific time. But you can't force guests to leave because you overbooked and messed up! I've never had that happen.  Beyond that, they then sat a large group next to us, with few enough chairs that one guy actually had to sit at our table! Another girl was forced to share a seat with a friend, so we gave them one of our seats and one of our two tables (that had been pushed together) so she could actually get a surface to eat on. The manager seemed relieved and joked about us all making new friends, but sorry buddy, I don't think either party found the experience pleasant! Don't sacrifice diners' experience for your profit; everyone will walk away unhappy.We were so disappointed with la Fontana. It was restaurant week; they were busy and service very rushed but the bad part was the food. We could only eat 1/4 of the veal --it was dreadful!  We were given a shrug of the waiters shoulders when he removed the mostly uneaten meal. Over priced and not worth it. We won't go there again.We went here couple if weekes ago with my friends (9 of us) and when we arrived the table wasn't anywhere near to be available for us. I started to complain about the cold and the hostess (Anize) actually helped us out by putting a table together for us which was very nice of her. The biggest disappointment was when I asked her for her name (so I can mention how she helped us) and a waiter standing next to her said right the way name like Jacquera and started to laugh. I was so hurt by this act and disappointed that this would happen in such a high profile restaurant. I felt like a victim of a bad joke and that was very rude disrespectful and unprofessional of him. In the end we all really liked our food and the rest of the night I was just biting my tongue and enjoyed my friends company.The food was exceptional, the service was kind of slow.  I think if you plan to go for a leisurely, relaxed meal this place is beyond wonderful. I got the pasta special - with a blush sauce, a variety of seafood and baby spinach.  Totally affordable and completely delicious!  I would, however, pass on the bread basket right from the jump.  It's nothing exceptional and after all, you could have brushetta instead.  Also, they have a lot of outdoor sitting, perfect for early summer days.  I would definitely go back....Never go here. After we agreed upon a price for a large group they added money to the price, locked us into the restaurant and brought the police. I will never step foot into this restaurant again.For all the BYOBs in Philly you would think that this place would try a little harder to please its clientele. We made a reservation for a birthday celebration, and not only was our table not ready, they made us wait in the cold for AN HOUR, at which point they hustled us into the BASEMENT hallway to wait for our table, which was conveniently located in a 10 x 10 room with NO CELL SERVICE. Well at least we were warm and inside. Once we were seated, the waiters promptly served us. And by served us, I mean poured water into a full wine glass. All was somewhat copacetic once they brought the bread. Once we bit into it and determined it was FROZEN, we were right back where we started. but what are you gonna do, carbs are carbs and we ate the frozen bread anyway. The entrees were good, hence the two star rating, which was a three star rating, until the birthday cake came and it was also FROZEN. Finally, the bill. When we handed the waiter $400 in cash and asked him to split the rest on the credit cards, he returned to tell us that he accidentally charged the entire bill to 1 credit card and it was now being declined. Instead of doing what any decent restaurant would do and simply waive the small amount that we still owed, they refused to let us leave until we paid the $30 left. What a classy place. CiaoGreat BYOB Italian restaurant.  I had the Linguine Alla Pescatore: 
Linguine sautéed with mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari, garlic extra olive oil. It was a healthy amount of quality seafood for the price and it was all prepared extremely well. My girlfriend had the Gnocchi Sorrentina. She is quite the connoisseur of gnocchi and was extremely satisfied with what she received here.  Dessert was also great. Nice, quiet atmosphere. WI wish I could give this place zero stars!
I went with a large party, and they seated us 40 minutes late.  They made us wait outside in the freezing cold.
We were also told that we would get a private space since it was such a large party, but they split us onto two separate tables in the normal dining room.
The service is so rude, and the overpriced food does NOT make up for it!
I will never, ever go here again.We made reservations for 9pm and when we arrive for a party of five they said it was for 8:15pm. We didn't get sat until half hour later. The hostess did not update us on the estimated time for our table. After waiting we finally sat down and our waiter, Roberto, was extremely attentive. The food portions here are huge! I ordered the shrimp linguine in spicy red sauce and it was great. The seafood linguine in white wine sauce was so tasty. The salmon dish was huge and cooked perfectly medium rare! This food here is great. The noise level is very high.We have been to La Fantana many times and it was always great. This time my wife became ill from the fish special and the wilted yellow lettuce in the Caesar salad should never been allowed out of the kitchen as well as the fish.
There were only 3 tables but we had to ask for our food and check since the waiter never came back to our table. We thought maybe they were stalling so the 3 tables wouldn't leave and have the place empty.
It was the same chef and waitstaff as usual and they should be ashamed to tarnish their reputation with a night like this.This place is alright. Been here multiple times for large group BYOs. The waiters aren't the most attentive (we literally had my date get up to grab the water pitchers multiple times because the waiters wouldn't come by for more than 10 minutes). The food is good though, and for a decent price. I've had the chicken parmesan multiple times (not too breaded and not greasy, so I think it's baked...really good!), and last time I split with my date the gnocchi (forget the name but it's the one that had mascarpone and gorgonzola) which was alright, and the chicken marsala which was really good. We also split an appetizer (the calamari). Definitely had better. But all in all this is a solid place and I've been back maybe 4 times. Haven't been able to find any better Italian BYOs cuz the group I go with always insists we go here because it's easy and apparently La Viola is the same thing.I'd give 2.5 stars for food, but it is great for big groups (i've only been here for birthday dinners). The hostess was really rude saying for us to wait outside when there is enough space in the front area to wait (and most of the party was there so why could we not sit?). I'd say go here if you want ok Italian BYOB for big fun group dining. Do not go just for the food. It is mediocre.Pretty corner restaurant in one of the city's more tony neighborhoods features well considered takes on southern Italian specialties such as eggplant parm, which is a must order for aubergine fans like me.  Veal, chicken and pasta dishes all prepared with a light hand and uniformly excellent.  Informed and well trained staff.  Predictable but good desserts (you can point to the tiramisu rather than saying it out loud, they'll understand)  and excellent single shot espresso ends a fine meal without breaking the bank.  Outside tables lovely though 17th street traffic can be omissions offensive in oppressive weather.The server was polite and knowledgeable. It's a BYOB, beware we didn't see it posted ahead of time. We were disappointed we didn't bring s bottle. The did give us a complementary glass. It was not the  best food I have ate. Will never returnI've been here twice. First time was fine, mostly unmemorable food but nothing bad. 
Second time was last night. Seven of us had reservations, and a few of us  were late, which they were very accommodating about. Likely because their service ended up not being particularly speedy. At all.  No worries on that though, as the ambiance IS great and we were really enjoying our conversations. 
The food was...fine. My Gnocchi with mozzarella was delicious, but lukewarm. Consensus was that my friend's meals were also lukewarm, and not as delicious. 
One girl is gluten free and ordered chicken masala with a flour less sauce. The waiter said that wasn't a problem. What she got was pathetic...two thin beaten chicken breasts without sauce or seasoning. And a few sad pieces of broccoli. Suffice to say she wasn't happy, although did not complain. 
 Unfortunately, when I was just about done eating as much gnocchi as I could handle, I found a long black hair at the bottom of the plate. EWWW. The hair was straight and my hair is extremely curly so no chance it was mine. I told a waiter, who responded with a noise sembling disgust. He did nothing, so our waiter came and said there were no employees with long hair, implying it was mine. Um, no. He asked if I wanted something else. I explained I already ate most of it and was full so, no. I expected a comp or something on the bill, but we received nothing of the sort 
Ambience - 3 stars
Service - 1 star 
Food - 2 stars
 They also have a 2 dollar corking charge and other weird rules, which other reviewers touch on.
Although good for groups, find another place.They were open on Thanksgiving (which is when we all went) and the food was fine. Service was fine. Portions were large. Seafood was fresh. Interior is a little tacky (think: sponge painted cream colored walls and faux columns), but I was charmed when all the staff and family gathered to enjoy turkey and gravy once we paid the check. Good mom n pop spot.Update 12-09: Since we have been here once before, I decided to try it again with 2 other couples. It was just a casual get together dinner date and I wanted to go to an Italian place with good pricing and consistent tasting food. Remember my past experience, I decided to make a reservation here. Unforfunately, this time, I can only give it 2 stars but really if I could 2.5 stars.
The food was fine. Not spectacular but fine. Everyone ate their food: Gnochi, Veal Parm, Fish pasta (special of the day)... cheese cake, tiramisu, bruschetta. 
It was the service that took some points off this time and I was REALLY embarrassed. Maybe I shouldn't be but I could not help it since I was the one that picked the place.
It was very crowded and the tables are very close to each other. You should work out before you arrive. The waiter was very aggressive at stopping your conversation to speak (but his accent was so thick my friend couldnt understand and we had to translate). They took our plates very aggressively as well. God forbid you wait a few minutes to tackle last few bites! You practically have to slap the hands out of the way! 
The last straw was the bill -
******  One, Uno, 1 Credit card PER table!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG!!!!!!!! If you dont believe them, they bring out the menu and stick it in your face because it is printed there and so if you ignored it or didnt read it then you are screwed but there is an ATM in the restuarant so you can still pay them!
And if the party is 5 or larger, they automatically charge you 20% tip.
I guess you can only eat with 1 other couple there.
This is really what took the star off from last time. 
We should've gone to Brazino.My limited experience has been VERY disappointing. I have only eaten in the "private" dining area (the room towards the back where larger private parties are held) on TWO separate occasions. In both instances I felt as if the per-head fee had been paid by the hosts already (with tip included) and thus everything from the food to the service was sub par. While the main dining area was bustling with staff and customers, my table didn't even get the pasta or veggies that came with the chicken. The first time there I felt bad for the hosts, but last week I felt agree as I heard the owner/manager arguing for extra $$$ instead of offering a discount.I know this is one of the "nicer" Italian places in the city, but for me, it was very average. The restaurant layout is a bit interesting, with a main seating area and then a secondary area up a few stairs and off to the back.
We came here on a Saturday evening, so it was definitely somewhat busy, but there were still tables in the main area open (and unreserved). They tried ushering our group to the other area, but then I asked if we could sit in the main area, and the response was, "we'd prefer not - you can do whatever in the back." I understand that we were a group of a few 20-somethings, but that's just downright rude and presumptuous.
In any case, we should have left then, but we stayed and went to the other area. They brought out some cold (and hard) bread, which was chewy, and the bruschetta was made on the same, making it marginally better thanks to the acidity of the tomatoes cutting down the bread a bit.
For mains, we got a few pastas, a chicken dish, and a few risottos. My vegetable risotto was actually quite good, and I heard that the shrimp risotto was very nice as well. The gnocchi and the chicken were both very bland, apparently, and my other friend didn't care much for the Penne all'Arrabbiata either. In all, okay mains, but the risottos may be the way to go.
In all, definitely not worth the 160 that we collectively spent here, both in terms of overall service and food quality. To their credit, however, they were decent about refilling the waters, and of the later servers (presumably a manager, considering her outfit), was actually much nicer to us, but that still doesn't excuse the opening.I went here with two girlfriends for restaurant week for lunch.  I cannot remember what the other girls had but I had a very bland gnocchi.
The thing I remember most about this place though is the creepy male waiters.  Maybe it's a culture thing but they were just the creepy to me.  Too nice if you know what I mean...I'd rather go to branzino across the street.Another great little BYOB!  The food is pretty good!  They serve amazing fish dishes!Service was okay, but the food....missed.
Table bread was stale.
Caprese was okay but had some additives to try to make up for okay cheese (heavily salted, rosemary olive oil, etc)
Pollo alla piccata - the lemon flavor was over-bearing and the chicken pounded flat and nuked for an hour :-p
Risotto Agli Scampi was not bad.  The rice was still a little al dente, but the flavor was good.
Risotto Primavera - ABSOLUTE FAIL.  Did they forget the sauce?  This was like canned vegetables and steamed rice.
So it seemed like the risotto is done restaurant style where the rice was parcooked and then cooled and then finished just before serving - but...the rice never had a chance to soak up the sauce.This place was horrible. From the bread being cold and stale to the water glasses never being refilled. The calamari was rubbery and the meal in general was not very good. Let's not even talk about the service....it was non existent...The best part of the meal was leaving.My wife and I had dinner here during restaurant week. At $35 per person we were a little disappointed. The food was good and very flavorful, but the portions were small. Pasta trio was very good but the portion was for a small child. The chicken parm wasn't anything special. You get more bang for your buck at a local diner for $17 per person.Stopped by here on a very busy Saturday evening and inquired about two important things: how long the wait would be for a table, and where the nearest Wine & Spirits store was (as I needed a "O" to BYO).
We were told that we would be seated immediately outside (despite the lines!) and that there would be no need to seek out a bottle of wine from the liquor store -- because the wine was on them!
Additionally, their pasta dishes were fantastic. The menu is pretty "basic" Italian faire, but it's well-executed, tasty, and uses a great assortment of apparently-homemade ingredients. Service was excellent: friendly without being invasive. Overall, this place made a great first impression and I'm pretty sure I'll be recommending it to everyone I know who appreciates a really good, classic Italian meal.We were back for the 2nd time this past weekend.  It had probably been a year since the first visit and I didn't care for my meal then, however my partner enjoyed his.  Well, we both loved everything this time!  We had good service on both visits and I'm already looking forward to going back.As it seems everyone else has experienced, I have walked by this place almost every day and it just seemed like a nice little neighborhood Italian place that I should try for a date night. That is just what this turned out to be. 
It gets a star simply for being BYO. Love that. 
My date and I both ordered from the dinner specials that night and were not disappointed. The pasta was homemade, tender, and delicious. My dates Mahi Mahi was cooked well and was not overpowered by the seasoning or sauce. 
The menu seemed to have most of the standard Italian fare that I want from an Italian restaurant, and even though I ordered the special there were a number of other pasta dishes I would have been happy to order. 
We sat outside in beautiful weather and had great service, though I couldn't exactly tell who our waiter was. This kinda meant we had 2-3 people looking over our table - I wouldn't complain about that.
The outdoor seating was lovely because its a really busy corner and there was a lot of people watching if you're into that sort of thing. 
I honestly didn't even step foot inside the restaurant the whole time so I can't comment on what it is like inside, but we didn't have a problem getting a table outside during perfect weather during Friday night prime dinner hours.
Overall, this place doesn't have anything spectacular or out of the ordinary, and there are definitely many other places of this caliber in the neighborhood, but I really don't have a problem adding another delicious BYO Italian to my list of good dinner spots.Service was fine and accommodating, but the food was just totally bland and uninspired. There were five of us, and we ordered a variety of dishes ranging from pasta to risotto to veal. No one was impressed.
The veal had little taste or seasoning. The seafood didn't seem fresh. The pasta doesn't come across as freshly made, and the risotto was under cooked.
If you've ever had true, great Italian food, you will likely find this restaurant stuffy and lackluster.I think La Fontana is pretty awesome!! Food is always very good and everyone there is so nice. Have went here about half a dozen of times and everytime it was good! It is a BYOB and they will make you feel spefcial whether its a bunch of girlfriends, a birthdya with yiour signifcant other, or jany occassion! Service is good and fodo is amazing I think! I always get the casear salad and the penne ala vodka. So tasty! 
'
I only give it 4 stars because it is a little pricy and the location is bad. Good luck with parking!Had a good TRADITIONAL Italian meal and we got to bring our own wine to enjoy it without spending $100.00 per person.  The food is authentic, the atmosphere is nice, and the workers are humble and willing to serve.  For Rittenhouse, to have an Italian Restaurant that is BYOB and average dinner entree cost $22.00....  you cant beat it.  The gnocchi are light and fluffy, the veal was fresh as was the bread and my water glass never went half empty.  I have learned that you do best when visiting these type of restaurants on Sunday Afternoons, Tuesday thru Thursday.  Come Friday and Saturdays they are most likely too busy to maintain the home cooked preparation and service.went here for dinner after a show. it was not busy at all and the food and service was very good. i had the gnocchi for dinner and tiramisu for desert. i would totally go again!We love this place! They have locations down the shore as well and thought we'd try the city location to celebrate our anniversary. Ola took such amazing care of us and went above and beyond to make our night so special. We can't wait to visit her at their new location in Somers Point!Again, another fantastic meal at La Fontana. The Lobster Ravioli is to die for -  it's worth any wait. 
Ari the owner is always very gracious.A small Italian BYO, how many of these can Philadelphia have?  How many are actually great?  Well, La Fontana (sister restaurant to La Fontana Del Mar in Strathmere, NJ) is wonderful for its food and sub par for its service.  Weeknights will give you fast service and great food, but those weekend nights will be quite different.  They overbook the room and will always take large parties, even if they don't have a reservation.  It can be frustrating!  The one thing that saves this Albanian-Italin restaurant is the food.  Delicious!  Try the Tiramisu!I live 2 blocks from here so I frequent this establishment often. I have to be honest and say I've never dined in but have ordered take-out on more than 20 occasions. The food is pretty good (not life changing) and the hostess and manager are always pleasant. WARNING: In the spring and summer months, this place is an absolute zoo. Because it's so hard to get in the door to just retrieve your take-out, I don't think I'd have the fortitude to endure dining in.Don't waste your time. While the food is decent, the service is terrible. We watched the owner flat out scream and embarrass one of the girls for a miscommunication. After he berated the employee and walked away, she turned to us and said "I don't know why I work here." I nervously told her that it's busy because it's NYE, and she replied "no, it's like this every night." I felt so badly for this girl!!! 
Also, half of our table sat for at least 30 minutes without a table setting. It took 30 minutes and 2 requests to get a soda for a diner who doesn't drink.  The food was good and I will admit the tiramisu was divine. It's not worth it to go back knowing the owner treats his employees like crap.Good Italian food at a reasonable price in center city.  I really liked the gnocchi al gorgonzola, which I ordered both times I went. My friends also liked their orders, which I tried and also liked: risotto agli scampi and linguine alla pescatore.
Reservations are a must, but be prepared to wait anyway. I've been with a large group and a small group on Saturday nights and still waited approximately half an hour. I would not recommend going with a large group or have high expectations for the service. The only reason I would go again is for the food and because it is BYOB.Simple but attractive place. Their web site and the restaurant week website menus were both out of date, so they had all the wrong info out there about what they were offering for restaurant week. 
The seemingly new waiter was a bit confused and stubborn about it, but the manager got him sorted and set things straight with us by throwing in a family-style pasta course that was a great solution and kept us happy. 
Food was good (the gnocchi were insanely decadent), though nothing that left us jumping up and down excited. BYOB of course makes it a very reasonable price for a good meal and what turned out to be good service, even during restaurant week.Some of the best Italian food I have ever had hands down. It strays away from just the classic spaghetti and meatball ot chicken parm, this place is LEGIT! 
Amazing specials that just sound mouth watering and the taste is out of this world. Not your classic Italian restaurant, La Fontana has a wide variety of seafoods, veal and things ive never even heard of. Truly amazing. It'll be hard to not lick your plate clean! Delicious. 
Desserts are fantastic, whatever fruit sorbert thing they have is amazing and my party older one of every dessert and it is truly speechlessly good. Nothings too strong or sweet and really this place fits my taste buds perfectly. ONE WORD- LOVE!I've walked by this place a MILLION times while living in Philadelphia. There are usually always people there and so when our go-to BYO place was too busy I decided to give this place a try.
I gave them a call, and they told us they could seat my party of 3 immediately. So we quickly shuffled down the block to be seated. [everyday.i'm.shufflin']
When I think about going out to a restaurant... I'm not really there to treated like a school child. I'm here to EAT. There were at least 8 rules for this joint.... Here are my top favorites
a) $16 per person minimum on Fri/Sat. ... really, is this necessary? who goes out to eat on a fri/sat and doesn't eat. must be those college kidz
b) Auto Add Gratuity for parties 4 or more... really? unnecessary
c) NO SHARING!! 
d) NO HAT WEARING.... They legitimately asked my friend to take off his beanie after  we were seated at the table. Not sure if this is an Albanian culture thing, but in 2011 I thought you were allowed to wear hats when you were cold.
e) when your check comes -- get up and leave. don't dilly dally.... REALLY? Not even EL VEZ does that with their redic wait times.
Overall the food was "Meh, I've experienced better." - thanks yelp for the terminology lending.  I thought my dish was good, but I wouldn't be running over to eat there again.
It seems to me that this place caters to lots of people on a budget, and they take out the cheapness of others on everyone else.
To Each His Own?With all the wonderful Italian BYOBs in Philly, it's hard to believe this one still survives. I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN.  The food was very bland (even the gnocchi!), the service was very poor (when they screwed up my main dish they blamed it on me!), and on top of this they had the gall to provide themselves with a compulsory, 20% tip (isn't it supposed to be a gratuity?). Details below: 
Six of us went during Restaurant Week and were seated downstairs right next to the (very loud) kitchen. Their complimentary bread was really sub-par for any Italian BYO I've been to, and there was no balsamic vinegar or butter in which to dip it. Rather, the only accompanying condiment was a bulk-rate olive oil that successfully emphasized its low quality. 
What can I say about the food? Their four course meal for $35 was a waste of money, we honestly could have had much better food and at a much cheaper price if we had gone to a non-"Restaurant Week" participating BYO. The first course, their arugula salad, tasted decent enough as did the dessert, their cannoli, which was the fourth. But the second and third courses disappointed. The second was chosen for us and consisted of rather tasteless gnocchi (I thought these were supposed to be good here?!), a pasta puttanesca (which wasn't bad), and a ravioli in pink sauce. While the pasta puttanesca was worthwhile, the ravioli was unmemorable and the gnocchi was a huge let down. 
When our third courses came out my Pollo Alla Parmigiana (chicken parmesan) was nowhere to be seen. Instead the waiter put a plate of Pollo Fantasia in front of me which I knew was clearly not mine. Being confused, I told the waiter that the dish was not what I had ordered. He insisted that I had. I repeated that I had not and he said something to the effect of "Well, I can take it back and get your Pollo Alla Parmigiana, but then your going to wait." I said not to worry and that I'll just take the mistaken dish to be done with the whole scene. He asked me several times if I "was sure," and people started to look at what the commotion was. I finally had to tell him straight up to give me the dish because I wasn't going to wait while my five friends' food went cold (they would have waited for me). The wrong dish was then properly placed in front of me: chalk one up for principle in the face of rude incompetence. 
If the Pollo Fantasia had any flavor to speak of then it would have been an okay trade. But the pale slabs of limp chicken were smothered in cheese and a buttery-wine sauce and were virtually tasteless. It was at that point I decided Yelp would hear about this, I was determined to give them only 2-3 stars. BUT, when we received our bill at the end of the night they had decided to give themselves a very generous, 20% tip for their services, despite there being absolutely NO NOTIFICATION of such a policy either orally or anywhere on our menus.  BOOM!  Down to 1 star.
Again, La Fontana Della Citta was a huge disappointment and I will not go back. We paid, we left, we will not return, and I will suggest to others that their are many other BYOs in Philly who will actually give you what you pay for.Great italian food.  The service can be lacking at times.  It's a BYOB.  They sometimes get large crowds for birthday parties.I actually had a really good time here. Granted, I read the Yelp reviews before coming and wasn't terribly excited, but a friend wanted to treat me to dinner and I wasn't going to be a jerk and complain. 
We ordered from the "extended Restaurant Week" menu. I had the following:
- Mussels in white wine sauce: best mussels I've had in a while. Not too rubbery, and the flavor was spot on. 
- Gnocchi with Gorgonzola: it was decent, but after a while it just started tasting plain and uninteresting. 
- Veal Francese: this was basically a veal piccata, with a white wine lemon sauce and capers. A touch too much of lemon, but uber yummy nonetheless. My favorite part of the meal was a toss-up between this and the mussels.
My friend had the bruschetta, which I didn't try, but she said was very good with fresh tomatoes. She ordered the penne alla puttanesca with olives, capers, and a spicy garlic sauce. I had a bite of this and it was very good. I think I would have liked it more than the gnocchi. Her entree was the fresh salmon with pesto cream sauce. I didn't care too much for the pesto sauce; they put a little too much so it sort of masked the flavor of the fish (you could still taste the fish though, and it was indeed fresh). Not sure if they offer this on their regular menu, but if they do, I may try it and ask them to go easy on the sauce or put it on the side.
We both had canoli for dessert, and lemme tell ya...that was one heck of a sweet dessert! This was my first time having cannoli (I know, I know) so for some reason I thought the filling was vanilla ice cream. Well, it was a thicker, sweeter version of it and I almost freaked out! I ended up eating two bites and giving myself a huge bolus of insulin.
As for service, I found that it was very attentive. We didn't feel rushed, nor did they take too long-- sort of how service is in Italy. Bonus points for the Italian waiters...or the waiters who have good Italian accents.The lasagna is superb. The ricotta cheese is creamy and fresh. When I asked the server where the ricotta was from, she told me it was homemade. Pretty impressive in an age of Cisco restaurant food. The pasta tasted homemade as well. My husband had capellini with crab that was very well done but not nearly as good as my lasagna.  
The menu is not very creative and, at first, I took it as a bad sign. But this restaurant takes their classic dishes seriously and executes them well. In the end, I was pleasantly surprised.This is the definition of a mediocre Italian.  I didn't have bad service or a bug in dinner, it was simply just so blah that I have no desire to return.  
My girl and I split an a salad, it was big, but blah.  Then we ordered two pasta dishes for entrees, both just ok.  
I have nothing against this place, and it is a BYO, but overall just not good enough.Being my Gf's birthday, I had made resvns the night before. But when we got there, they had no table for us. They wanted to put us in the basement. To which we promptly said "no".  We went to La Viola instead. That was a blessing in disguise!Mediocre food (Olive Garden style, but much pricier). The food didn't taste like Italian to me. Indeed, all personnel I talked to (managing and running this restaurant) was from Albania .... !Make sure you get reservations for large groups ahead of time, this place was packed on a Saturday! It's been a couple years since I've been here, and I wasn't impressed, I feel like it was better last time. The place was super super packed and loud, before we had a  more private area down stairs. The bread is cold and unimpressive, you just get olive oil...no spices, so you make your own from salt and pepper. The food is pretty pricey, most dishes $20+. My salmon was really really average and came with two little potatoes and greens. The cappellini seafood special with pink sauce was really good though. Service is very slow, and we were there for a long while waiting for food and then check. There are also quite a few rules on the menu (I hate when restaurants do that), such as a min order requirement ($16.95), cork fee of $2 per bottle, will only split bill between two credit cards, etc. Not sure if these are enforced but just takes away from the experience. But it is really cute for people's birthdays they turn off the lights and sing a song, and bring ice cream ball and candle.
Overall if you need a last minute Italian BYOB in the city this is an OK option, but would put towards the end of the list.Went on Christmas Day -- one of the only places that was open.  Had a good arugula salad and a tasty special (veal & prawns in a vodka cream sauce, i believe).  Bread on the table was stale, though (as evidenced by the difference when we got some more).  Server was pleasant and earnest but drinks went unfilled throughout the meal.  I suspect some of that had to do with the holiday (perhaps being short staffed). It was a pleasant enough experience and if I lived in Philly I'd go back.  Was too full for dessert if that says anything.My finace' and I walked in here on Friday night with no reservation and were sat within 10 minutes.  The staff was friendly, accommodating and helpful.  I ordered the Penne a la Vodka and it was DELICIOUS.  We also had a salad with arugula, capers and salmon that was fresh and tasty and calamari that was simple and yummy, but nothing out of this world.
We skipped on desserts and just had coffee, but the overall experience was wonderful! I was worried that it would be too pricey and upscale for us, but it ended up that the bill was very reasonable and the atmosphere was relaxed and festive.  
We will most definitely be back!This place could be great. It's a BYOB right in the heart of the city. However, unfortunately we went there with a big group for a birthday dinner and literally right after our bill was paid the waiter approached one guy at our table who was texting someone and said "if you're going to be on your phone, then you guys should just leave". When we tried to ask for the manager, both the waiter and the hostess refused to tell us his name. We will never be back to this place after the way they kicked us out as soon as we paid.I really enjoyed my meal here. I ordered the penne a la scampi. It tasted great and I'm not a big Italian food eater. Their appetizers which consisted of a house salad, calamari, and bruschetta was light and went down easy. I would recommend coming here if you enjoy Italian food and great service.I'm sorry but I don't understand how some people can say that they had one of their "best meals" at this place. 
I came here last Friday evening for a friend's graduation dinner party. My boyfriend and I didn't have high expectations after reading reviews. Upon arrival, I laughed at the "fine dining" statement on the restaurant awning. This restaurant is FAR FROM fine dining. My reasons below:
1) um, prix fixe menu was on a crinkled piece of printer paper. Enough said. 
2) none of the patrons are dressed up. Very casual dress code. 
3) the bathroom had a little dresser with one drawer slightly pulled out. I could see a piece of paper with a note saying "OUT OF ORDER." -_-
4) the food: oh boy, the food is absolutely disgusting. I got to try several dishes since we had a prix fixe menu and because the waiter messed up on my order (I ordered shrimp scampi and I received a salmon instead.)
a) caprese salad: lacked flavor, poor quality of burrata and olive oil 
b) caesar salad: dressing was pretty bad. C'mon, Caesar salad is easy!
c) salmon: tasted like it had been previously frozen, and it was honestly the worst salmon I had ever tasted. It seriously tasted like cardboard and was so overcooked and dry. 
d) shrimp "scampi" with pink cognac sauce: this dish should've been called (frozen) shrimp with vodka sauce. The shrimp definitely had been previously frozen. Also the pasta penne was definitely bought from a supermarket. 
e) desserts: we received tiramisu (which arrived frozen, gross!), cannoli (absolutely atrocious), ice cream (ick), and some other dessert I didn't want to touch because it looked so unappetizing. 
Bottom line: do not come here unless you want to throw away some money.I have never before written a review on Yelp or anywhere else but my recent experience at La Fontana Della Citta has me so upset that I changed my mind about writing reviews. As Corinne S. already states in her earlier review the business practice and service of this restaurant on NYE was completely unacceptable. 
Around two weeks before NYE my girlfriend called La Fontana to make a dinner reservation for two at 9pm on NYE. Since we did not want to go to a place with a set menu we specifically asked if they would have their regular menu. The hostess confirmed that they would have the regular menu and not a set menu. We were happy and made the reservation. 
Jump to NYE: At around 3pm on NYE I checked La Fontana's website to take a look at the menu and possibly already pick what I want for dinner. Their regular website and menu showed up and I browsed the choices. Around 5pm my girlfriend tells me she just had a missed call from La Fontana asking her to call back the restaurant. When she called back she was told that there now was a set menu for $100 per person. When I went back to check their website it now only showed a set New Year's Eve menu.
They call at 5pm on New Year's Eve to inform about such a material change!
Right away I searched for alternatives but obviously every restaurant in the area was fully booked. Left with no other choice we decided to still go to La Fontana.
When we got there the hostess greeted us rather annoyed and unfriendly to begin with. When we told her we had a reservation she right away and matter-of-factly told us again that there now was a set menu for $100 per person. We pointed out that we were confirmed the availability of the regular menu when we reserved - she simply cut us off while speaking and said "Well you received a call today about the set menu and could have just cancelled then!" In order to just make the best of the evening I refrained from pointing out the audaciousness of such a late call and the resulting lack of alternatives.
To make a long story short; The food was mediocre and not even remotely worth a price of $100 per person. While the mussels were excellent, the salad was dull, the sauces of the 3 different pasta were okay but missing herbs, the veal chop was very tender but again the sauce was missing all kinds of herbs and flavor, and the Tiramisu was disappointing as well.
The only reason I gave a two star rating instead of one star is that the food was not terrible and the waiters were very friendly. For us this was the last time at La Fontanna Della Citta. There are too many other restaurants in Philly that serve better food and know how to treat their customers.