I had an excellent meal of veal saltimbocca on a rainy weekday night here. The service was excellent, and my party even received a Caesar salad and extra bread (with delicious zucchini and olive oil sauce) on the House. As great as the food was, the cozy, comforting atmosphere was my favorite part. If you're looking for a true 'neighborhood' Italian restaurant outside of South Philly, then this is your place. It's the type of restaurant you want to visit every Friday with your family.Intimate little kitschy joint on the Old City near Constitution mall.  Wait staff was very engaging and helpful. Other customers (regulars it appeared) were equally welcoming.  It's a BYOB eatery which is a common phenomenon in Philly.  I'd had a couple of glasses of vino at the hotel bar before I hoofed it here so chose to not stop for a bottle.  I thought the wild mushroom crepes in nutmeg cream sauce were absolutely to die for.  That is until the ricotta gnocchi arrived following a very satisfying Caesar salad. Plump toothsome dumplings about the size of my thumb from mid-knuckle to the end. Bathed in a broth-y Gorgonzola sauce and accompanied by the large shrimp I added, these proved to be off the hook delicious. I found myself staring at the last half dozen morsels knowing that I'd be uncomfortable if I (over) ate them. I struggled but refrained.  I even got the house made cannoli to go, but could not eat it that nite and forgot to eat it the next morning. I hope a housekeeper at the hotel enjoyed them.  Great ambiance, greater food, exceptional service.On a recommendation from a friend, a group of us decided to check out La Locanda before catching a movie at the Ritz early Wednesday night. It's definitely not stuffy, and has an intimate atmosphere perfect for a date. 
Personally, I really enjoyed the service (efficient-we were able to get in and out in about an hour without anyone being too rushed) and my mussels were amazing. My friends generally really liked their food but felt it was a bit too expensive for what it was. (To be honest, I think it's just Old City prices are altogether more expensive than what we are used to paying in other parts of Philly).So sad to report that we had the worst experience ever this past weekend.  I have always enjoyed this restaurant and I had not been there in a while.  I was looking forward to going back to enjoy the meal that I remembered from the past.  We had a 7:30 reservation in which we arrived at 7:20.  A server checked us in but rudely informed us that they were not ready for us.  There were some empty tables but we just stood patiently.  One minute later another party of 4 came in and I assume they were regulars since they were greeted with a hug and a smile and seated right away.  we stood there confused but thought we would wait patiently.  After ten minutes and no acknowledgement we asked about our table.  At that point the hostess asked another party to get up and leave so we can have their table.  We sat down and decided to get ready to enjoy our dinner.  We joked with the hostess and our waiter and we thought all would be well.  The food came and it was good.  However about 1 hour and 10 minutes later our dessert plates had just been removed and they came over and added two table to each side of where we were sitting connecting them to make room for a party of 10 that was coming in.  No one said anything to us, no one told us there was a time limit for the table.  We had not even received our bill yet.  My girlfriend was appalled and said we have only been sitting here a little over an hour and we have not received our bill so you will now need to wait a bit.  With that we were cursed at and told that they were going to call the police.  A table two seats down had also chimed in telling us it was time to get up and go.  Like I said we were only there a little over an hour.  And then to be cursed out was disgusting.  If the reservations are that tightly timed then we should have been informed when we made the reservation initially or we could have been asked nicely with a little notice to get up an turn the table over.  This ensued into a louder conversation and my husband just decided to pay the bill and leave.  As we were leaving the initial server who was rude from the beginning followed us out the door to give us a double finger which we have a picture of.  I have never in my life been treated so rudely.  We go out to eat alot and I love referring places that have good food and service.  So sad this had to be our experience.  When the original owner was alive he would have never treated his customers like that.this place is phenomenal! not only is the staff super sweet and accommodating, but the food is fresh and authentic. I absolutely love it!Not good. Not good. At. All. 
The only reason I'm giving it a second star is because the first time I dined here it was "meh" and the second time it was downright awful. The service was absolutely horrific. Our server was sweating profusely and visited our table only after being flagged down.  
My husband ordered the lamb shank and it was so gross he barely finished the first bite. 
I live in the neighborhood and can't pass by this place without throwing up in my mouth a little bit.Superb. Too stuffed to tell you how exquisitely well done every dish was. Thank you, Joe, for you guidance, humor, expertise and friendship.Went in last night for a birthday dinner and it was amazing! Really small and homey atmosphere that made us feel like we were in Italy. They were extremely attentive and super sweet! Everyone loved their dish. I had the risotto and will be back for it again. When the time came to sing happy birthday they shut off all of the lights and everyone in the restaurant sang together, the perfect touch. Highly recommend.This BYOB is a great find!  Don't let the size of the interior fool you, this is our favorite Italian restaurant around all of Philly and South Jersey.  The food quality is amazing, and the service is like nothing else you will find.  Joe is awesome! However, don't expect them to fold your napkin into origami animals, in fact, don't expect them to fold your napkin at all.  It's just not that type of place. They don't have ice, bring your own if you want it, there's no coffee, cappuccino, latte, etc... only espresso.   We've been coming here for years and we love the food and the service so much that we chose to have our wedding rehearsal dinner here.  I can't say enough for the quality you receive here, you get far more than you pay for.No 2000 word essay needed. BYO a good bottle, and head on over. Always a treat.Five of us dined here from Texas/Louisiana. Small table in the back but we fit fine. Our dining experience here was amazing! Both the waiter/waitress was nice and funny! Our salad was good and our entrees were delicious! The restaurant was very small and busy at the time (830-930) but we got in and out in a timely manner. Price was a little more that we wanted but we expected it for nicer dining. The down side was that the bread was good but the sauce that they came out with the bread was not liked by our table. We just asked for butter. So outside of that our dining experience was very good!You did not try. Nice message to try to convince other potential customers. You did not treat us well and you know it. You should recognize your errors too. All the best.We  are from Myrtle Beach, SC and when ever we visit family in Philadelphia, dinner here is a must!
Yes it's small, yes it's BYOB and yes they are often over crowded ,but the intimate atmosphere and unreal service is what we go for.
The food is authentic Italian and they go out of their way to tailor your dinner to your taste.
If chain restaurant Italian is what you want , don't come here, but if a truly fine dining
experience is what you want, this is the place for you.
P.S.- We are coming June 25th for our anniversary!6/10
Great place because it is a BYOB. Otherwise, I would prefer to go somewhere else. 
Food - pretty good. Authentic Italian food. Nothing to drool over. Mussels were great, though a tad salty which was mitigated by the bread they provide to dip in the sauce.
Ambiance/service - almost too cozy. They shift tables around to fit around the customers. It's a good thing because you don't have to wait toooo long but at the same time, it may feel like you are on top of other diners.
The service needs work. They seemed short staffed and it was somewhat hectic with tables getting wrong orders and others waiting to order.
The best part is the owner. He's charismatic, talks to each table, and almost overly engaging rather than getting food in and out. 
There are better options for Italian food.I'm giving this place 4 stars for mostly the service and atmosphere alone!! From the outside the restaurant looks really small, but is cozy and intimate inside and fit almost 30 of my friends for a BYO easily. They were very accommodating when I called them and reminded me multiple times that it was a BYO and cash-only, and followed up a few days beforehand to confirm my reservation. 
The service was extraordinary, with the waiters explaining the specials and menu items patiently. The unlimited bread and sauce (I'm not sure what it was??) was SO tasty while they prepared our dishes and we waited and sipped wine. I ordered an appetizer of mussels, which was exactly what I was looking for (I wasn't expecting a gourmet meal or anything), and my friends' food orders all looked decent --not fantastic, but good enough. 
The prices were a little high for the portions, with the menu options slightly limited, but they do make delicious sauce for all of their food and you are paying for the atmosphere and to support a cash-only establishment. The waiters and waitresses made a lot of jokes and created a fun and lighthearted environment, so I would definitely feel comfortable recommending this place for any cozy BYO for a group of people.DON'T GO HERE AS A GROUP
The obnoxious, loud, rude, pushy waiter literally ruined this meal. Our group of 15 was forced into ordering appetizers and persuaded into dining off the price fixe menu. We almost got scammed again when they tried to serve us bottled San Pellegrino instead of tap water. 
The food was pretty overrated. Aside from the appetizers, which turned out to be pretty good, everything was greasy and over seasoned. 
For $50 per person, there are plenty of restaurants and BYOB's in Philly that will provide a much more enjoyable experience.This place is the greatest Italian BYO in Philly...bar none.  A real Old City gem. The service is impeccable, staff, properly arrogant, but friendly and  the food... superb.  I was here 5+ years ago and came back just this evening.  We shared the Antipasti which was several hot and cold items.  The fretata on the platter was excellent, as were the roasted peppers, bruschetta,etc.  My son just moved into the neighborhood last week and we went there for dinner tonight.  The bread is served with an eggplant puree with EVOO.... outstanding!  I had the evening's special gnocci with a tomato/garlic/gorgonzzola sauce that was out of this world.  My son had the spaghetti a la carbonara which was another winner.  Since we were full from the hearty meal, the waiter Dennis provided a freshly filled cannoli to go as a welcome to the neighborhood for my son.  My son, I and guests will return many times for the great food and friendly staff.  Cannot believe why I waited so long to return???This place is bangin with a capital B. My girlfriend and I split some mussels with red sauce. She loved soaking the bread in the sauce and eating it. I had a caesar salad beforehand. My girlfriend ordered the linguini and clams with scallops topped with arugula special, she digged it very very much. I had the lobster ravioli with crabmeat and it was delicuso! For dessert, we split the tiramisu and you couldn't go wrong with that either. The place is really cosy and small but it feels like your sitting in the kitchen with their family! Definitely coming back. Only a couple waitresses but very impressive service! Thank you Joe!!!Call ahead and they will bend over backwards to accommodate you!
This is a family owned BYOB that is great.  They will keep your drinks in the back and try to make sure they stay chilled for you, the food is not your standard menu and is really good.  I ordered the tomato and shrimp pasta, I forget the name, but it was good... not amazing by any means but not bad.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dishes a lot more than me and overall we had a great time.  The prices were decent and I think it is a great place to try, especially for the atmosphere.  One of the best BYOBs in the city!Came here spontaneously for lunch on a bad day. This place brightened my day. I had the $15 lunch special and everything was fantastic. The mushroom crepe was great, the seafood risotto was excellent and I still can't forget the vegetable soup! The service was a little unprofessional and casual for me, but not so much that I was turned off.I had briefly read about this place in a Philly guidebook, so when a local friend suggested that we head here for dinner, we were totally on board.
I didn't remember reading about it being a BYOB, but most BYOB places on the West Coast offer non-alcoholic beverages.  (It's not Bring Your Own Beverage so much as Bring Your Own Booze.)  I'm not a big alcohol drinker, so I figured I'd just order a soda.
However, our only options were flat water and sparkling water.  We didn't feel like making a wine run, so we settled on water.  Good choice, right?
I'd chalk all of that up to us being bumbling tourists who didn't know the  BYOB rules on the East Coast.  Not the restaurant's fault.
Now, the hubby is not a fan of eggplant.
But even he agreed that their eggplant pate (served with the bread) was divine.
The waiter comes over, and we ask for his recommendations.  He suggests the mushroom crepes as an appetizer.
Now, the hubby is not a fan of mushrooms or savory crepes.
But he was fighting the urge to lick the plate after we were done.
The rest of the evening is a blur.  I think the hubby ordered pasta, and our friend and I ordered fish dishes.
We were all wishing that there were main dish portions of the eggplant pate and mushroom crepes.Mussels tasted OK but we're very sandy, bread was meh, linguine with salmon and spinach was tasty but a little on the salty side. Food was good, not fab but I hadn't eaten anything all day. 
Service was okay but shorthanded. Only one server who was very nice had her teenage daughter helping (who was obviously not happy about having to be there). Wish Yelp had a half star rating... Would have given this place 3 1/2 'sBeware, the restaurant is really small and they have a big problem with people who made reservations having to wait up to an hour! The people ahead of us waited an hour and we waited thirty minutes even though we made a reservation and showed up early. Once you're inside, the atmosphere is great, the service is fantastic (our waiter Joe was hilariously south Philly Italian and gave us free dessert for the wait) and the food is really great. I wish I could give this place 5 stars but the half hour wait takes it down some. Otherwise it was a really great night and I recommend highly if you're ok with sitting around, but it's byob and there isn't even a bar to pass the time so it's pretty unfortunate.I came to phili for work and i stumbled on this place. The owner was very welcoming and nice. The food was amazing and authentic italian food. I had the tortellini and wow it was delicious.I recommend this place. It is a hidden gem.I am just shocked when I see all the positive reviews for this place.  I ate here with my husband and friends a few months ago.  I remember how disappointed i was with the whole experience, because its a big deal for us to travel into the city to dine.  The food was  completely ordinary and unmemorable.  Our waiter was brusque and did not make us feel welcome.  If you are from out of town, please do not form your impression of Philadelphia restaurants based on this mediocre place - the city has many fabulous restaurants.  If you ARE from the city and you think this is good Italian food, it's time you ventured into the suburbs to learn what really good is!!  In places at a similar price point to La Locanda, try for example, Frankie's in Berwyn or Trattoria Giuseppe in Edgmont.  Lalocanda has a great location and it's BYOB.  I'm afraid those are the only positive things I can say about it.Excellent atmosphere great waiter attentive, funny and very welcoming paid attention to us food good will come backWords cannot express how delicious our meals were.  Best gnocchi I have ever had, hands down.  Go, order, and see for yourself.
Not many places are more deserving of 5 stars than this one.  We arrived, a party of 4, not knowing what to expect - and without a reservation. (Do make one on weekends!). Instead of turning us away however, they squeezed us in with a sincere hospitality that you don't often find when dining out.  From there on out it only got better, with wonderful food and a FANTASTIC waiter.  The bread's dipping sauce is a unique blend, and the cannoli are to die for.  Did I mention byob?
Needless to say, we will be back.Great Italian food at this BYOB.  Our table for our Saturday night reservation for four was ready when we arrived (which is good because there is no real room to wait inside).  I'd strongly recommend making a reservation, because it was packed.  In short, the food was really good, the service was very good, and the atmosphere was upbeat.  We sat near the open kitchen and it wasn't loud (as others have said), although the restaurant was not a quiet place due to the full house.  Our out of town friend who is an Italian food aficionado had nothing but praise for the food.  Two things to remember --- it's cash only and it's a BYOB.  The Wine & Spirits Store is a few blocks away on Second Street just south of Market Street if you're wondering, and you can buy beer across the street from the liquor store.Favorite spot in the city. 
Loud, crowded, a little rowdy, but the most friendly, funny, welcoming service, great old-school your-grandma-made-this-dish-in-1970 style Italian food, and the best place to bring too much wine and spend a whole night. 
On the weekends I definitely recommend reservations because it can get so busy, and even then you might have to wait because people hang out and drink wine and enjoy the atmosphere too long, and I also recommend planning on waiting a little while for everything from water to your wine being opened to your bill coming. It's a small kitchen and two servers for a busy restaurant, but good things WILL come to those who wait. 
Get the mushroom crepes. And probably whatever the meat special and gnocchi special is. I've never been let down.
At one point a server was bussing a large table next to us and actually put the dirty dishes onto our table, but spent the whole time joking around with us, and I couldn't even get mad about it. There's just something magical and friendly and homey about this place.Decent for a weeknight Italian BYOB. The weeknight special $$ is the reason I come back. The food is just as expected and that is fine with me! I love their penne vodka and raviolis.I was here for a birthday of 30+ people and for the place being relatively small they were able to handle our large group extremely well. Unfortunately, the restaurant was infested with fruit flys which made the dining experience awful!Tiny BYOB in Old City, location and size is part of the charm  - as are the comical servers (I've been here so many times, I don't know anymore - is the act for real?)  This place is a solid 3.5 star'er.  Home-y, traditional Italian-American fare served in massive portions.  They've got garlic and they aren't afraid to use it.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a date or to impress - because though the food for the most part is satisfying the whole experience is noticeably contrived.
Thursdays through Saturdays, even if you make reservations, you are bound to wait for your table.  There is virtually no waiting area save the little entrance and a chair or two outside (weather permitting) Go in no more than a group of four.
Stick to their pastas and their specials of the day and you'll be happy.  Safe primi bets: the orrechiette, the ravioli of the day and the eggplant pasta are sure to please.  Their secondis are always what fall a little short for me, thus a star deduction.  As appetizer make sure you order their mushroom crepe.  Their antipasto is ho-hum.
Il Cantuccio is their sister restaurant in Northern Liberties, and comparing apples to apples, I find that its sibling delivers better, all things being equal.  However, La Locanda is still a safe Old city BYOB bet for a small group of friends who have a craving for pasta and a show (although, try Raddichio first!)I ordered the pasta with light wine sauce with shrimp. YUMMY! I love how it is a small intimate place and that you can BYOB/wine without a corkage fee!!!Found this place on grubhub. The food was so good! I got a Greek salad and it was delicious with anchovies in it, which were so fresh and salty. I ordered it because it said there were anchovies in it and many places don't do that, but there were plenty of anchovies in it! The lettuce was fresh and crisp and they give you garlic knots with a salad. I usually don't eat them, but they smelled so delicious I had to try one. I'm giving 4 stars only because thye forgot the dressing, but the salad was sooo good that I didn't even really need it.mushroom crepes are a must.  other than that, most of the food is very similar.  it's decent and the portions are large, but the tastes seem to run together.  that it's byo is great... order an espresso at the end and casually ask for a shot of amaretto ... they'll usually hook you up for $3 or so.
oh, and some of those "italian" accents on the waiters... more like exaggerated delco dialects.  but for some, that adds to the atmosphere, right? ha.The pasta I ordered was okay, but I think the whole menu is overpriced, I just can't justify it based on the quality and quantity. 
Menu is relatively unvaried for an Italian restaurant (and no salads!). Our server was intermittently rude, and we were DENIED WATER outright. "Bottled water only". I've never experienced this at any restaurant, and only once at a bar in my life.
Poor service, mediocre menu, and fair quality at a high cost give this a 1.5 star at best in my book. I have found other superior italian BYO's in Philly, I'll return to those instead.I absolutely loved this place.
The mushroom crepes were excellent. I ordered a special (ravioli with crab in a pink sauce) which was also excellent - very generous with the crab! The dessert was wonderful - I ordered a crepe stuffed with bananas, strawberries, and whipped cream, with chocolate sauce and powdered sugar drizzled on top. By boyfriend ordered the cannolis and said they were the best he's ever had (and he is Italian).
The staff was funny, entertaining and treated you as if you were a member of the family. I asked for my ravioli to go, and I forgot my wrapped food on my table. A member of the staff yelled out to me from the restaurant "You forgot your food!" loud enough so I heard. How many other restaurants would care enough to track me down 2 blocks away?! Not too many. 
Excellent food, excellent service, and a staff that cares. Be sure to make a reservation - there is limited seating.I've eaten here four or five times the past few years and come back when I visit Philadelphia. I love this place, a sort of "hole in the wall" restaurant. It is not exactly off the beaten track, but you don't get the hoards of tourists here (like myself) you'll get elsewhere in the historic district and in Central City.
The food is terrific and I like the atmosphere.  It is BYOB so either buy a bottle from the liquor store a few doors down the street or brown bag from home.  Lately the place has gotten rather noisy when a crowd does show up as it is a small place.  The decor is very attractive and the staff very friendly.  A late lunch or an early dinner is a good bet if you want some peace and quiet.  The only reason I didn't give the place a five star is the "sometimes" high noise level when things get active.My fiancé and I had dinner here last night. We had made a reservation online via Table 37, but when we got the restaurant were told they do not accept online reservations and have been working to get themselves taken off of the online reservation site. The woman at the restaurant was very nice, and even though it was a busy Saturday night and we didn't have (real) reservations, she was able to accommodate us and seat us very quickly. 
The service was great, the food was even better, and the atmosphere warm and welcoming. I had the Gnocchi, which was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and my fiancé had a Ravioli special. We both cleaned our plates. 
We will definitely be coming back to this restaurant for the ambiance, friendly staff, and most of all the food.I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, because of the high ranking.  Over the past year, whenever I was searching yelp for somewhere new to try, this was always in my list of places to choice from.  I was taken here on a date to celebrate my birthday, and if it wasn't for a 'special night' maybe I would be giving a high rating.  I think we were both expecting a more upscale restaurant.  I would have even liked it if the atmosphere was more intimate by softer lighting, and music.  You can tell that's not what they are going for, so that was our mistake.
Food: We each started with the house salad.  Huge, and was more like an antipasto.  For my entree I ordered a pasta dish with chicken and peas in a pink sauce.  It was pretty tasty, the chicken was chunks of juicy white meat and the sauce was delicious.  For dessert I ordered a cannoli but had to take it home because I was stuffed. 
Overall this is a good BYO.   Not the best Italian I've had in the city, but a solid meal with generous portions.  They were running their own restaurant week inspired special.. an appetizer salad, main plate and dessert for $25.Fun, loud and as Italian as it gets!!  Great food presentations and super friendly owners!! Not a place for the over sensitive, uptight type. But if you want to have a great time with incredible food and service, this is the place to be!First time going to this place on Valentines Day. Took my gf here because we both love authentic Italian food. The place was busy, packed, and loud. I looked at the images posted on yelp to see what the inside was like, and I knew that the inside was small (okay fair game). When we got there, we were seated right away because I made reservations. We were greeted with great personality servers, but that was the only thing great about the place (the personality only). The service itself was not great at all, a lady came by with our bread, which was hard as a rock. The waiter was explaining what they had on the menu, but the place was so loud that I could not understand what he was saying, I simply smiled and had to pretend like  I understood what he was saying. The place is a BYOB, so you get to bring your own wine which is great. We started with the appetizers and we both got the salad special (highly recommended,but not really, they only had salad special, muscles salad and one with tomatoes and mozz cheese). I ordered the crab and lobster pasta ( the actual name is not even on their menu online) and my gf got a some salmon pasta (again not on their online menu). Both the entrees were terrible and so salty. If that wasn't enough, the waiter didn't even realize that we didn't get water until after we were forcing the food down our throats. My gf didn't even finish half the plate. I asked for the check and a waitress lady was trying to force us to buy desserts, which i rejected immediately. We asked for a box and the lady did not give us a bag with our boxes. The thing that shocked me the most was when my gf realized that she was sitting on broken glass pieces from the wine cups from another reservation. Its a good thing she had cushion (booty) or she could have been seriously hurt. At that point I needed to leave the place.. and the waiter was still trying to force us to buy dessert, even suggested we take it home. I got the check and it came to $143 which included $9.00 in tax and $24 in gratuity. You are telling me that 2 salads and 2 pastas cost $110, and they included $24 in gratuity, which the waiter did not even come around to give us water? I was so shocked and disgusted with the place that I needed to leave, I didn't have enough cash on me (CASH ONLY) and had to use the atm. I went home and looked at their menu and the average price of the appetizer cost $8 and entrees cost $18.00. When I calculated the cost including tip, it only came up to $87 including the tax and gratuity. I am so furious of how unprofessional this place is (service, staff, cost), they do not have the prices on their menu (in store) and is very limited, DO NOT be fooled by their online menu. DO NOT be fooled by the pictures on yelp because the atmosphere was not intimate at all. They had cheap wine glasses and a single candle, the ones you see that are shaped like checkers pieces. I will be calling them tomorrow about the prices on their menu. No wonder they are CASH ONLY, its because they don't want any evidences of how much you paid. This place is a low key place to get scammed for terrible food. I will NOT be returning ever again. I am the type of person who tries to fair when it comes to rating service, food, atmosphere, and try to be understanding that yes when it gets busy, things can slip up.. but NOT in this case. 
Warning to future customers: Have at least $200 in cash, and you will walk away with $0 (3 course meal). Call the place and ask about their menu for tonight because the online menu is NOT in their actual store. I cannot believe this place got a 4.3 on google and a 4 star on yelp. 
If you want a nice garbage meal with extra salt and hard rock bread with NO WATER, this is the place for you.
Edit: Turns out the entrees we ordered were -Salmon risotto special -Lobster and crab ravioliExcellent BYOB! This was a first date and this little Italian restaurant didn't let me down. Great atmosphere. Friendly servers. Tasty food.  I would recommend the gnocchi dish if it is available, some of the best I've ever had. 
The only con on the night was overbooking. The staff was quick to push us out of the door after we paid. I suppose that comes with the territory of a Friday night.
All in all, definitely worth checking out. Reservations recommended.La Locanda Del Ghiottone is my favorite restaurant by far. When I walk in I feel like I am having dinner at my adopted Italian family's home. Joe always greets me with a big hug and welcomes me back . I normally go on the weekends because that's when they serve those awesome crab cakes that I love . Joe knows my order by heart... salad with mango, crab cake dinner with linguine in red sauce and dessert those amazing crepes. Anytime someone wants to go to dinner I take them here. Joe and staff my husband Joe and I will be back real soon thanks for always serving me an amazing dinner and treating us like family.Had a taste of a couple of the different pastas and they were all great. The mussels were also great, and I think generally the seafood is just quality here. BYOB policy is awesome, service was also awesome.I keep coming back here and have never been disappointed. Everything on and off the menu is incredible and the service is the best. I highly recommend the stuffed clams as an app. They run out quick for a reason!Good food, friendly service, BYOB, an absolute solid deal.
I came here for a friend's birthday and unlike places like Mercato that are also cash-only, this place takes reservations. Thank goodness. I really gripe on things like that. The restaurant was very patient managing our big group and for that I give them props.
I ate so much food I thought I was going to fall over. While you're wating for your food, you get bread with this really addicting eggplant sauce. We contemplated taking the big tub of it which was right by our table.  The mushroom crepes are a great appetizer and actually pretty filling. One of the specialties about La Locanda is that their gnocchi is made from ricotta instead of potatoes, as previously mentioned by other reviewers. Pretty tasty. I got to mooch off of others for a taste of mussels and crab cakes. The mussels came right out of their shell making for an easy eat and the crab cakes were so soft.  After all the great appetizers and dishes, I opted to get a cannoli since I haven't had one in a while. Oh, such decadence! Chocolate chips and chocolate sauce, oh sugary-sweetness. The tiramisu was really good from what I could tell (not soggy). Great ways to top off my meal :)
This place gets crowded, but you have room to breathe unlike *ahem Mercato. Make sure to make reservations and bring a bottle when you go and enjoy!The smell of garlic hits you in the face as you walk in and the heat from the kitchen makes you sweat, but in a good way. The food is amazingly fresh and delicious. The service is authentic and very loud, but loud that makes you laugh as everyone else in the small room listens to the specials as they're belted out to your table. The price is noce and the menu has classics not drab americanized dishes.My family and I were trying to find a place to eat and we stumbled upon La Locanda Del Ghiottone. When we walked in, we were very happy to find a beautifully decorated space with a quiet ambience. The menu was small, but we were happy with the offerings. I ordered the Penne Alla Vodka without the prosciutto or peas. I asked to have spinach in it instead. The rest of my party had the fish of the day, swordfish and the salmon on top of pasta with salmon and white cream sauce.  After we finished ordering, the waiter brought over this delicious tomato spread and warm bread. My family and I were very happy with our food. I would highly recommend this place for a date night or small party. It's BYOB.This is a quaint BYOB fantastic Italian restaurant located in The Old City neighborhood.   The food and service were outstanding and it's definitely a place you want to visit when you are in Philadelphia!
They offer a 3 course dinner special that is absolutely reasonably priced from Sunday - Thursday!  Out of this world tiramisu and creme brûlée... Nothing else to say other than don't miss out visiting this restaurant!!While I was impressed with the food, I cannot give this restaurant anything but a 1 star for the abysmal service.  Things did not get off to a good note when the waiter told our party that he couldn't bring more glasses to the table (even though not everyone had one) because they had put one out per person.  Then, things got even worse when the waiter tried to sneakily charge our party for spring water.  He did not make it clear that he was offering bottled water, and when one member of our party said they wanted water, the waiter went on to immediately open two bottles.  I immediately objected saying that we just wanted tap water, which we did, and the waiters were very rude.  This kind of service is unacceptable, and so I will neither return nor ever recommend this restaurant to anyone.The best, most authentic Italian restaurant in the city. If you're looking for a cozy, quaint atmosphere, delicious food, and great service, this is the place to go.great little italian restaurant in olde city.  feels very much like italy, with authentic food and a very loud waiter.  small, but really how a restaurant should be, nice but not too fancy.Man, I really hate writing reviews like this but when you're in the business of Yelping they're inevitable. 
Boo and I got married in October and spent our honeymoon in Paris. For this reason we thought it would be an appropriate gesture to take our mother's to a French restaurant to say thank you for their help with the wedding. More specifically we wanted to go to Bibou however anytime we could grab an reservation someone in our dining quad was unable to make it. As the weeks went on we decided lets just go somewhere we know is reliable and will be easy to get a table. 
La Locanda Del Ghiottone please enter stage right. Boo and I have been here several times and it's always been solid. Never mind blowing but I have really yet to find that anywhere in Philadelphia when it comes to Italian. We made our reservation for 7:30 and upon arriving waited about 10 minutes to be seated which is totally reasonable. We were placed in the corner by an exit which made it very cold and the moms actually left their scarves on for the duration of the visit. This is definitely not the end of the world, I would much rather be on the chilly side than the hot side.
This review is geared more towards the service so I'll give a quick recap. We got 3 apps and 4 main courses and everything was very good. The waiters we had were some of the best I've ever had and by the time we were ready for dessert everyone was thoroughly satisfied. 
We ordered canolis for dessert and sipped espressos while we let the meal digest. We were having a fantastic time up until this point when an older hostess leans in to me and says "I'm gonna give you five minutes ok". Both moms looked at me like what did we do wrong?? I just looked at her and didn't say anything. We'd been there for an hour and 15 minutes at that point. Boo and I were organizing the money and preparing to call for an Uber. It was completely inappropriate and if our table was really needed there are a million more polite ways of going about it.
The bill came to about $260 with tip and before this little incident it was worth every penny, but this was such a huge turnoff and as much as I loved our waiters I won't risk having any type of meaningful meal here again.One of my least favorite things to do is wait past my reservation time to get a table so I was a little grumpy walking in. The food was a little slow to get to the table which was ok, this was a great place to open a couple bottles of wine and enjoy the company of your friends. Literally everything I ate was fantastic. The arugula salad was delicious, I couldn't get enough bread to soak up the broth from the mussels, the gnocchi was great and the cannolis were perfect.This BYO is perfectly quiet and loud at the same time. I don't know how they do it. It is always full and they mange to make you feel like you are the only table around when they come over. The food is great! the crepes and gnocchi are perfect. yum!Had reservations booked through their website for sat night for 7 people.  We show up there and they said the reservations were cancelled - how unprofessional!!!! We had this planned for a while and to just be so rude and say "oh they were Booked and cancelled."  What does that even mean - cancelled by whom?  I can't believe it - we ended up going to a much better place so everything worked out for the better, but I am still disappointed with this place:La Lochanda is a hidden gem! I've lived in Philly for 10 years and am happy to say there are still amazing restaurants in this city. Here's what I enjoyed the most: the atmosphere- from the moment you walk in the door you're treated like family. This place is cozy & warm- whether seated inside or out, you feel like you're sitting in your mother's kitchen waiting for a home cooked meal. Joe was so sweet & bent over backwards to make my friends & I feel at home. The food was spectacular- all home made pastas. I had the crab cake for an appetizer & risotto as a main course. Finally the creme brûlée was the bomb! This place was phenomenal! I can't wait to go back again- thank you for a wonderful meal!This is the best casual Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. It's very authentic, like a small Italian Trattoria.  The owners/ staff are also so kind and flexible, you can pretty much order whatever you like.  Cute al fresco seating and byob So happy to live close to this place!My friends took me here for my birthday once, and it was quite enjoyable. The food was cooked just right, smelled great, and tasted great. I'd have to go back to write an in-depth review, but from what I remember, it was worth it. Nice atmosphere as well.Love this place! Service is great and definitely a fun and lively atmosphere. Food is always fresh and there are always a variety of choices on the menu.This is in a beautiful part of Old City and the interior is just as lovely as the surrounding neighborhood. The food was delicious as well. I had the special of ravioli stuffed with lobster in a shrimp sauce. It was -very- filling.
The staff was nice in that they were prompt about chilling our beers as this is BYOB. Our waitress however was not around frequently, so I took a star off for service.
Be warned this is cash only and there is an ATM on-site.Creative and classic food.  The whole dining experience is a pleasure.In a rare mood Friday night, I suggested and Italian dinner.  When I saw how excited Emily got, I couldn't turn it down.  Somehow, La Locando wound up on my short list of places to try out, and so we were off.  
La Locanda Del Ghiottone is a cozy little BYO in Olde City.  It's a plus that there's a good wine store only a few blocks away at 2nd and Market.  The atmosphere is the most noticeable aspect of dining.  It's small, loud, and and inviting.  The tables are crammed together in a fashion that if you don't talk to the people next to you at least politely at some point, it's more awkward than ignoring them.  The servers all work together and are excellent and almost nonstop.  The servers also like to joke around, give you a hard time, and yell at the top of their lungs.  If you're not in the mood, it could be annoying, but it's really all in good fun.  When taking too long to order, the waiter asked me if I was "waiting for the executioner to come."
We started out with mussels as the appetizer.  They claim to use a "14 year old secret sauce."  It's no secret that it could use some improvement.  White wine is the best base for mussels, and although we were severed delicious mussels, the red tomato sauce just doesn't cut it.  These were, however, well cooked and sizable.  It was a good amount for $9. 
A regiment of specials compliment the regular menu, and they seem to be a great place to start looking for dinner.  I remember hearing that he gnocchi here was excellent, so I chose that with Gorgonzola tomato sauce.  The gnocchi is made from ricotta, and it truly is probably the best gnocchi I've ever had.  It's rich and creamy, and the sauce was excellent; it complimented the pasta without overpowering it.  The portion was perfectly sized.  Emily was excited about the spaghetti carbonara.  She order it sans bacon, and her dish was also great.  Well prepared and tasty with a good mix of the ingredients.  By the end of the meal, we were too full to take on dessert.  I did see it from the table next to us, and it looked great.
Bottom Line:  This place is a lot of fun.  The food here is great, too, so it's not like you're just coming for the atmosphere.  You definitely have to be in a particular mood to enjoy dinner.  It's a great little BYO, and it has excellent prices for where it's located in the city and what you get.Love the staff, they are hilarious!!! The best mushrooms crepes in the city. My husband and I are regulars at La Locanda and are treated like family everytime we go there. It's a byo restuarant with a comfy atmosphere that is perfect for a date night or a night out with a bunch of  friends.This place is the best.  We moved to Philly recently.  You go a few times, they remember you.  The food is great, always fresh and delicious.  The sauce that comes with the bread is awesome.  And most of all, they care about your experience.  A +++This restaurant was really delicious.  Service was nothing special but we didn't experience any rude waiters or yelling that other Yelpers have mentioned.  I'm vegan and they were able to make me a delicious mushroom pasta dish with tomato rather than cream sauce.  Others I ate with enjoyed their meals as well.PROS:  Had the striped bass special here.  Awesome!  Woman I'm dating brought me here and she made a great decision.  I'd recommend it for a date.
CONS:  None.Great BYOB!  Waiters are friendly, food is generally good but I've had a few dishes that were just ok. Place always has space available for a last second reservation. Def try the mushroom crepes!Great Italian authentic place!! It's a BYOB and cash only place so go prepared. My friend and I had the mushroom crepes (delicious!), spicy fettuccine (excellent flavor with a kick), and a seafood dish and they were all fantastic. I've been to Italy and this place definitely tops my list for an authentic Italian food in Philly. This place is small and intimate- we went pretty early for dinner. The kitchen is right in the middle of the restaurant where you can tell they are freshly preparing everything. If you're around the Olde City area definitely worth trying! Will be going back :)Excellent service, great food... Nice clean, quaint place...I loveeeeeeee it..prices aren't bad...waiter threw in an extra dessert just because... I'd come here again QUICK!!  hidden gem!!!We came here this past Friday with a group of 6 to celebrate a friend's birthday, and I wasn't overly impressed. I will say, though, that it was First Friday and there were only a few servers working, so the chaos was running on high. Maybe it'd be a different experience on a calmer night.
Our group was running a few minutes late due to traffic, so I called from the car to apologize and let them know we were on our way. No problem. Once we were seated, though, it took maybe 15 minutes for anyone to come around and offer water (let's be honest, I don't care about the water, but we had several bottles of wine to cork and my inner boozehound can get a little impatient). 
Our wine was corked and water was poured eventually, but service remained spotty throughout the evening. Bread is served with some sort of red pepper spread, just a heads up, so might wanna ask for butter/olive oil from the get go if that's your thing. I will say, though, that everyone was very nice and apologetic when they were taking a while to bring things to the table.
As the food goes, everything was very good with the exception of one misstep. We got:
-Crabcakes
-Mussels
-Salmon risotto special
-Lobster and crab ravioli
-Penne profumate (chicken, mushroom, peas and penne in a pink sauce)
-Pork fillet special (w/ mashed potatoes and broccoli rabe)
Everything but the pork was really, really tasty & well portioned. The pork came out raw, like completely 100 percent raw, so we had to wait another 25 minutes for them to cook it more, and by that time I had filled up on all the delicious pasta. 
They also sang and brought out tiramisu for the birthday girl, which was an embarrassing and very much appreciated touch. 
Overall, it was a cute lil place with OK service and some pretty solid food. If I was in the area, I might come back again.That's my second visit. First one was long ago with my husband and I remember a good impression about it. Today we came without reservation and were seated promising we are not going to be more than an hour. We ordered Caesar salad, gnocchi in pink sauce and lasagna special of the day. Caesar salad left me completely underwhelmed. Gnocchi were really tasty and sauce was wonderful, and lasagna above average but nothing to write home about. For desert we got tiramisu and a coffee. Both were pretty good.The atmosphere was warm, with tables pretty close to each other. The service though was friendly but so mediocre to the point I thought down right bad. Passing dishes and taking dirty plates right in front of our faces to the next table, not offering more bread or offering desert, giving miscalculated bill and a few other minor things. I love small family owned businesses in the community.  Maybe I had higher expectations based on my memory but can't give more than 3 unfortunately ( food 3.5, service 2)This was actually my second go around at La Locanda- the first was a few years ago but obviously good enough I decided to come back and sample it again.
Made a reservation for four same night on a Saturday which was very easy.  We showed up on time and was told it would be a bit so if we wanted to go have a drink somewhere else we could for about 30 minutes- appreciate the honesty and flexibility!  Once we did get in, the server did a fantastic job of describing the specials, in fact too good.  My friend and I each ordered one and low and behold they were out of half the ingredients!  SO, quick note try not to get one of the last reservations of the night, they may run out.  We decide to stick with the specials and they just re-adapted them - not as good as I think it would have been but still alright.  Highlights: bring wine and cash, absolutely get the mushroom crepe, and go a bit earlier int he night.  Cute atmosphere and a great value for Olde City BYOB.Food and service were very good. Restaurant is cute but cramped and didn't really have enough room for our large party. We asked for water and they gave us warm water because they don't have ice. When we were finished, I was very surprised and puzzled when I asked the hostess to call us a taxi and she said no, we don't do that. The restaurant wasn't that busy so it seemed really odd considering it's not on a busy street and you can't just flag someone on the street. We went to a pizza place a few doors down and *they* called a taxi for us.Such a fun place and great atmosphere, specials are always good and I love a BYOB!  Cash only!!The food was very good
I enjoy eating at the  non chain resturants in Olde City and South Philly. My brother wanted to celebrate his birthday at one of his favorite resturants. Well it is now one of my favorites. I enjoyed the Striped Bass with a white clam sauce. Fantastic. Everyone else enjoyed there meals also. My sister had the Canaloni  and impressed with the fresh taste and the twist of shimp filling inside. 
The waiters were very attentive and the the atmosphere was charming. I will definately be returning in the future.Fun place to eat! The food is South Philly Italian. Big portions, garlicky sauces. Satisfying. If feels nice and familial, the staff will joke around with you a bit but they don't overdo it. A nice meal and a nice experience. The crab cakes were tasty and we kept getting more bread to sop up all the delicious sauce.This is my go to place for groups! It is such a small and cozy place with so much character.  The waiters really make this place with their thick Italian-American accents.  There is such a fun and jolly vibe here and everyone will leave happy and full on wine and food after a night out here.  
It's BYOB.  They have great food (try the mushroom crepes or gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce or the pasta with sauasages).  I think if you have a big group that is celebrating (especially if you want to go out in old city after) then this place is a great place to choose!Took my mom here for her 80th birthday party. Or maybe I should correct that. Took about 20 or so friends and family here for moms 80th birthday and we had so much fun we didn't want to leave! 
Though there is usually about a two hour limit on tables, we were there longer, and there was only a bit of pressure to wrap it up.  The staff was really helpful, generous and attentive. 
The byob policy is perfect for a situation like ours, and we just let the food fly! It was delicious - every bit of it that I remember. I write this review a year and a half later as we are sitting in a cafe across the street, previously hoping, though we should have checked first- for a lunch meal that doesn't exist. Oh well. We will be back!! It was totally memorable enough to return on a day getting mom into the city.Best staff and BYOB in Philadelphia. They go out of their way to take care of you and the food is out of this world. Best vodka sauce and salmon puttanesca. Joey D's olive oil and balsamic for dipping is awesome. When you walk in it smells like you're in an Italian grandmother's kitchen.First the 3 stars are ONLY for the food. Arrived at 7:50pm for my friends birthday dinner reservations at 8pm. They said someone was sitting at our table so it was a 2hour wait! (As if we could not arrange other tables) Service from all employees were horrible. Different times to wait even after we had reservations. We were rushed out at 9:40pm.  I'll pass.I don't know if it's the food or the homey vibe and great service that make this place so special. The mom and pop feel really makes for a unique dining experience. And who doesn't love a BYOB. Now for the food -
- Zucchini spread served with the bread is surprisingly delicious - don't fill up.
- Crepine com Funghi - must get appetizer
- SKIP the mussels. I know it says it's a famous 20 year old recipe, but it leaves little to be desired. Just meh.
- Gnocchi del Giorno - if their specials are consistent, "del giorno" has been a gorgonzola sauce for the past several months. From someone who LOVES gorgonzola, I've always been wary of gnocchi gorgonzola. It's usually far too rich for a full dish, however, Locanda masters the art of ricotta gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce by breaking it up with tomatoes. 
- SKIP the Involtini Di Pollo - I am anti-veal but I hear it's great. The chicken was good but nothing that'll blow your mind
- Save room for dessert - the cannolis are on point!
When it comes to Italian I am a harsh critic (hence the 4/5 stars) but overall exceptional food!Amazing seafood ravioli in the most incredible rose sauce. And the walnut orange salad special was incredible. And the service - so attentive and friendly and genuine. And it's BYOB (and cash only but atm is up the street). Oh yes. The tiramisu is perfect!!I have eaten here several times over the years and have never been close to disappointed!  Had their veal saltimbocca last evening. Excellent!  Veal was tender, gravy succulent. Love the atmosphere and the wait staff attentive.The food is excellent at this restaurant, but the staff is misleading and at times creepy and annoying. They mislead our table into thinking we needed to order a full three course meal and that they would adjust the pricing to make it all inclusive. In reality, they charged us full price for everything, and charged us double for things that we shared. They tried to sell us expensive bottled water ($5) which we sent back, and charged an $8 corkage fee for each of the two bottles of wine that we brought with us (corkage was not listed on the menu anywhere). 
If that wasn't annoying enough, the staff kept insisting on sitting down with us and interrupting our conversation throughout our entire evening. I will not be going here again, and I will avoid their other restaurant Il Cantuccio like the plague.From being one of my favorite restaurants in Philly, it become an eh-kinda-place in old city. 
The food is fine (nothing special or exciting) but the atmosphere and total experience is not so much..  the service is sloppy, its very noise and too suffocating. I think this place is better in the summer - when you can sit outside.I wasn't sure what this place was until I noticed the menu in the window. What a terrific special find...even though it's right in front of your face! Reading some of the other reviews before I went helped a great deal. 
So many people mentioned the mushroom crepes...if I could only use 2 words to describe them it would be "Holy S*%t"! The silky cream sauce accompanies these 2 perfectly cooked crepes that are filled with an assortment of wild mushrooms. The addition of the freshly chopped onion and tomatoes adds just the right amount of acidity to this wonderful starter. We used the great bread that came as soon as we sat down to mop up every last bit.
We also had the house salad that was loaded with fresh mozzarella, olives, roasted peppers, greens, and finished off with a lovely house dressing.
I had the gnocchi with the gorgonzola cream sauce. These are not your typical run of the mill potato gnocchi. These are ricotta gnocchi that have a very consistent firm yet pliable texture....very filling and delicious!
My wife had the pork chop served with risotto. The thick cut pork chop was cooked perfectly and had an addictive reduction poured over it. The risotto had a nice hint of shallot and was a perfect vehicle to soak up the remaining sauce.
Joe our server was great! He finished us off with a piece of tiramisu and a canolli. The lady fingers were properly soaked that added to the already decadent moistness of this classic. The canolli was filled with a perfectly balanced mascarpone (not to sweet). 
This is not the type of restaurant that turns and burns and has a kitchen staff of 50. The dishes are expertly crafted by chefs who would rather put out quality than quantity. That said...try not to be the ugly restaurateur if you are seated 15 minutes after your reservation or if your food doesn't come out as fast as the local cheese steak house. If you are concerned about getting your water filled every 5 minutes...may I suggest that you order the Italian still or sparkling water that is readily available. Don't forget this is a BYOB and cash only (they have an ATM on premises in case you forget). And most of all enjoy! It is obvious that Joe and his staff have poured their blood and sweat into this establishment...all I can say is Bravo!Italian food is easy to find in Philly, but good Italian food, not so easy.  La Locanda del Giottone (Glutton's hangout is an approximate translation) is a small BYO that has made me happy every time I've eaten there.
Their gnocci are like little clouds.  Okay, that sounds silly, but it is true.  The food is just very good.  
A great place to take friends who like food.  It can be noisy at times, but not the kind of noise that would drive you away.I brought a couple of friends here to experience the hospitality, and they certainly didn't disappoint. They certainly aren't perfect, as we had our entree plates taken away from us a little too quickly, but the charm of the wait staff absolutely overcomes any minor oversights.Dinner at La Locanda is like entering your Italian grandmother's kitchen, complete with a hug and kiss. Joey and the rest of the staff will literally give you a hug and kiss on the cheek as you sit down. 
I went here with a few regulars to the place and was immediately welcomed "home" and "to the neighborhood." After telling us an amusing story about buying overpriced sausages that weren't nearly as good as the ones on his menu, Joey listed the specials which each sounded better than the one preceding it. Note: they always have a gnocchi of the day, which i hear "melt in your mouth". It was in a Gorgonzola sauce, not my favorite, but if/when I try some I'll put in an update. Also "of the day"-- ravioli and fish. 
We started our meal with the mushroom crepes which were to die for. Assorted mushrooms with a nutmeg cream sauce wrapped in a crepe. Yum! It comes with fresh diced tomatoes on the side, which adds a nice freshness to the dish. I ordered Ronngrelli 4 Gussi as my entree which was long white pasta with shrimp, spinach, and sundried tomatoes in a white garlic sauce. Also, super satisfying. Lastly, we finished our meal with tiramisu. As the waiter brought it over he told us "if you haven't had our tiramisu, you haven't had tiramisu." Not going to lie, one of the best I've ever had. Joey scolded us for only ordering one slice, and brought out three canollis for us to enjoy, also delicious. 
I am most certainly adding this to one of my going out staple restaurants. Notes: it's a BYO, cash only, closed on Mondays, and they do take reservations.Great food great laughs. The staff here is friendly and loving. I've been here three times and each time it's better. The owner has gotten to know me and my wife and always greets us with a hug and kiss. Definitely a great family feel atmosphere and a place I will frequently return too.I apologize for writing a negative review on yelp.  I actually joined yelp to write this review, to spare others from dining at this place.
I don't want to use extremes or superlatives, but this place sucked. There is no ventilation in the place, so you will be smelling like their mediocre food all night after you leave.
I'm not a food snob. The food was not the worst I ever tasted, but it lacked flavor. I honestly think I've had better meals at the Olive Garden (and I'm italian). The food was reasonably priced, but that's probably because NOONE would ever return if it wasn't -- there are so many better restaurants within a 5 block walk of this place. 
The service was awful. I couldn't tell who our waiter was, because one person seated us, later said "what do you want" and we ordered, but never opened our bottle of wine or brought us water. Very chaotic service -- it will leave you thirsty, stressed, or dissatisfied with your meal. I've worked in the restaurant business before and everyone I encountered there would have been fired on the spot for their behavior and lack of attention to their jobs. I fight almost broke out between the hostess and a waitress.
I urge you to avoid this place. Don't waste your time or money. Philly and the burbs are full of great little italian places.  This place is blocks away from exponentially better food for the same price!This place is ridiculously awesome!! The food is absolutely unbelievable!! The Caprese salad is the best we've ever had. The risotto and the veal saltimbucca were crazy good. I had cannoli and my wife couldn't decide between the tiramisu and the crepe for dessert so the waiter brought her both. Sat out on the sidewalk and people watched and talked for hours. If you're in Philly please go here for Italian. Bring your own wine tho because they don't serve any. Joe the server is fantastic!!!Went there on a Sunday night. Was a great meal. Had the sausage special with linguine. Service was excellent and the decor is very good!Perfectly cooked Italian food.  The menu is to die for.  Awesome philadelphia-italians working there with put on accents for authenticity.  You don't leave this place without being in a food coma, becoming tight with the staff and drunk off your BYO wine.  The murals are great.  Its very reasonably priced and despite being a very small space, birthday parties here are a hit!A nice BYOB with a thick italian accent, at least when it comes to the names of the dishes.  I thought the servers were passionate about the food.  I was impressed by the highly recommended crepite con funghi (mushroom crepes), although  I didn't love the caesar salad and thought it could have used more flavor and less dressing. 
I tried the "gnocchi di giorno," which was served with a gorgonzola sauce.  I loved the pasta (which I think they said was ricotta based and not with traditional potato), but couldn't eat more than half of it because the sauce was so rich (and the portions are generous).  I think I would have really loved the gnocchi if it were a day they made it with a red tomato based sauce.  To be honest, I think I loved the complimentary eggplant pate that was served with the bread best!
All in all, it's a romantic place that will leave you feeling very full.Not to be confused with Ristorante La Locanda, as my dining companion did, La Locanda Del Ghiottone does not participate on Opentable.com.  Fortunately for him, there was plenty of seating for us that night or there would have been hell to pay.  
The waiters/host guys there were very boisterous and friendly.  As our server was telling us the specials for the night, he was simultaneously telling another table so he apologized for shouting it.  I thought that was pretty amusing.  There's an overall relaxed atmosphere in there, mostly due to those guys.
On to the food.....We wanted mussels for appetizers but since they ran out, they offered us clams instead.  Sure why not.  It was just ok, but that may be because I'd much rather have mussels.  If you're a clam fan, I would imagine it would be to your satisfaction.  I had the Spaghetti Carbonera and my companion had the Pork Shoulder??  (I can't remember what part of the pork now honestly, but you'll know if you see the menu).  The pork was good but I think the spaghetti was the better entree.  I think the peas added a nice balance to the creamy and saltiness of the dish.   I wish I tried the Gnocchi though.  It was a Harvey Dent decision between the two and Spaghetti was heads.  
They don't accept credit cards and it's Byob.  My company said that service was inattentive, I thought it was a bit too attentive....so I guess it averaged out to perfect.  I would go back.Food was great; started off with mussels, which were brought with extra bread for dipping. I had the ravioli which, while not terribly original, tasted great and was filling. Desert was good but not mind-blowing. Overall great food and a loud atmosphere great for a BYO.
Service was excellent. We were seated by a young guy and waited on by a boisterous older waiter. The young guy seemed unhappy but was polite; the older guy was really friendly and full of energy. Brought us a few freebies and got the whole restaurant to sing to our friend for his birthday.Came here with a girlfriend on a Wednesday night. The place is pretty dim but it was definitely a great date location. When making a reservation we already knew it was BYOB and cash only. Somehow we still forgot...but some previous patrons had left a bottle of wine behind so the waitress served it to us! We ordered two specials that night, the lobster ravioli with shrimp ($25) and the salmon in a curry sauce with risotto ($28) -- totally not the names of the dishes but I don't remember the fancy names. Both were amazing, cooked well, flavorful...and I even dipped the bread in my sauce and practically ate every last drop of it. Our waitress was Lidia, and she was a lot of fun too so we had a great time.This is my absolute favorite Italian restaurant in Philly.  I am slightly biased because my brother knows the owner, but every time I set foot in this restaurant, I am never disappointed.
The atmosphere is a cozy BYOB restaurant--no frills, no fuss--yet romantic at the same time.  The waitstaff is so friendly and helpful in the boisterous, "I'm an Italian" type of way that instantly makes you feel like your at your grandmom's for Sunday dinner.  They know every ingredient in each dish and are willing to share their opinion.
The bread is fresh and just out of the oven.  I'm obsessed with the oil dipping sauce that they give you--I could literally eat that for my entire meal. 
For an appetizer, get the mushroom crepes--they are the reason I became a mushroom lover!  They are to die for--deliciously perfect with every single bite.  My husband generally hates mushrooms but can not get enough of this appetizer.  Seriously, you will be missing out if you do not order this.
Like many other reviewers, the gnocchi is my go-to.  It's filling and hand-made in a decadent cream sauce.  They will literally make anything in any sauce you desire, but will give you suggestions.  If you love pasta as much as I do, I would highly recommend getting this.  I've gone to maybe 50 Italian restaurants in NYC, and everything pales in comparison to La Locanda Del Ghiottone's gnocchi.  I'm literally drooling thinking about it as I type this.
I came with a big group of my girlfriends (and I didn't even have to name drop) and they gave us all a sample of free desserts.
Seriously, this place is top-notch, authentic Italian cuisine.  Just remember to bring cash--and your appetite!I've been eating here for twenty years, since Chef Giuseppe Rosselli hung his "Good Food" sign over the door. Those were great times for Olde City, and this restaurant literally sparked one of the greatest cultural explosions in the city. Locanda was the first restaurant on this strip of 3rd St. when it first opened. After one review in the newspaper, people caught wind of the place, and there's been a line out the door ever since.
I've literally grown up with this place. My mom and dad would take my sisters and I in our teens, and I try to go as much as possible to this day.
Chef Giuseppe is no longer with us, but his legacy lives on in the attention to detail in both the food and the service here. His wife and sons still run Locanda, and it's as if Giuseppe is still with us.
The mushroom crepes are always great to start off with, the Fruiti di Mare never lets down, the Ricotta Gnocchis are killer, and even though these are my usual orders, the specials never let me down. Whether they have lamb chops in red wine sauce, a big juicy steak with a blueberry reduction, Chilean Sea Bass perfectly cooked and accessorized, or perfectly prepared Rabbit, the specials are beyond ordinary and beyond satisfying.
The head waiter, Joe, is the most loveable guy you'll meet. Yeah, sure, he's loud and can sometimes seem pushy, but it's only because he feels as if all of the customers are his family. I don't know him very well, but I can tell that he feels this way.
I've eaten here on plenty of dates, as well as plenty of large parties. I've personally booked a couple large parties, and have come away feeling as if I had received preferential treatment each time.
I can say nothing bad about Locanda, and only wish I could visit more often.
I've read a few reviews stating that the place is expensive, but trust me, it's not. And if you book a larger party, the prices are seriously some of the lowest you'd find in any restaurant in all of Philly.
So, if you like to feel as if you're at a family gathering, and you don't want to break the bank, you will not be let down by the people and the food here.My first impressions of La Locanda Del Ghittone were mixed. As a Jersey Girl with no Italian heritage, there were two things that annoyed me before I even walked in the door. 1) I like a parking lot. Paying 25¢ for 8 minutes of parking is just insane. 2) I can't ever remember the name of the restaurant, and then when I read it, I can't pronounce it. 
Whatever. They made up for those two chips on my shoulder by seating us immediately at our reservation time, which was 8:00 on a very busy Friday night. We came armed with 6 bottles of Trader Joe's 3-Buck Chuck (Charles Shaw wine), so drinking only cost us $18. I do love me a BYO! 
Our waiter came over as we discussed which appetizers we wanted, and told us that for parties of 6 or more (which we had), they will put together an appetizer sampler. Score! We ended up with a plate full of their antipasti, plus an entire platter of three huge mushroom crepes and a full sized bowl of mussels. All of this, plus the bread and delicious eggplant pâté really got us started off right. 
For the main course, two of my dining companions ordered the branzino, a European sea bass. This was served whole, and was filleted at the table. Three of us ordered the gnocchi, which they make with ricotta rather than potato. They were delicious that night, but I thought they were even better as leftovers the next day! One friend also ordered the fettuccine with sausage, and he said it was really good. 
The whole ordering process had me feeling a little rushed, but once the food was out on the table, and even after we finished our dinner, no one pushed us out of the restaurant. The place is small and crowded, but in a cozy, joyous-feeling way. Overall, it was a really fun and yummy dinner experience!A neighborhood gem. Fun for a date or a large group. Absolutely delicious food!  I have had the talapia entree as well as a seafood ravioli. Both were absolutely fantastic. The tiramisu is authentic, rich and decadent. The service is great also. Two big thumbs up!!!This is definitely one of my fave Italian restaurants in Philly! I've been coming to La Locanda Del Ghiottone for awhile now and it has never been a disappointment. 
This cozy BYOB is nicely fitted in Old City. It has a welcoming atmosphere with a friendly and entertaining staff. It feels like a happy family get together when you are here because everyone is enjoying their time and their company. It's affordable, especially since it's a BYOB. Also, it's great for a date night or for a group outing (I've done both). 
Now to the food...let's start with the mushroom crepes. As most other reviewers have mentioned, they are a must try. Seriously, they are to die for and you will be missing out on pure deliciousness if you do not try this appetizer. This is a dish I get every time. They are melt-in-your-mouth good!
My fave dishes for dinner are the gnocchi and the ravioli. The last two times I ate here I had the mushroom ravioli with a sausage bolognese sauce (it was on the specials menu for the night). My boyfriend and I loved this dish so much that the following week we made our own mushroom ravioli with sausage bolognese sauce. See, their food will leave you craving more (like I could seriously go for some mushroom crepes right now). Everything is just so NOM.
If you want some tasteful, authentic Italian food, this restaurant is your jam.
PS: If it's your birthday, they'll sing "happy birthday" to you and give you dessert! The cannolis and tiramisu always hit the spot.I had dinner here a few weeks back and I can not express how wonderful everything was. The restaurant was romantuc , welcoming and quaint. The family was so friendly and sweet and as far as the food....EXCEPTIONAL!!!!! This is a must go here in Philly:))We've been eating at La Locanda for years now, and we keep coming back because it's so warm and welcoming. The food is excellent and very reasonable. We've tried at least half the items on the menu, and we've never been disappointed. Everything always comes out of the kitchen hot and cooked to order. My favorite dish is the crab cakes, which are available on weekend, and can be ordered either as an entree or an appetizer. We love Joe the waiter, who always gives us a hug when we walk in. We love the way they lower the lights when it's someone's birthday, and everyone in the restaurant sings. It can be a little noisy on weekends, but La Locanda is the only restaurant where the noise doesn't bother me because the food and service are so fabulous.My memories  of Del Ghiottone from years ago were very good. Saturday night I brought a friend from Boston here. He said it reminded him of the North End...Until we sat at a wobbly table and were given beat up old delaminated menus. The bathroom always a great indicator was a mess.
Then the food...
It was Sad. I was embarrased ! From the bread and bean puress slop to the to the crabcake special, more slop. My mussels were just pitiful.
My gnocchis were Lead Weights, I sent them back
I don't want to mean but it was diner food on a good day.
Chef Ramsey, Please help this place get back to the old days or cloise the doorsA lovely and cozy neighborhood gem!   Fresh specials include something for everyone - traditional to creative.   The team is so welcoming and friendly, I was immediately comfortable and enjoyed an amazing meal with perfect pasta, a delectable sauce and lean sausage.  A perfect way to kick off my first night back in the city in years.   
I arrived early, and enjoyed some extra attention until the space got very busy.   I would recommend reservations if you plan to arrive after 6:30pm.   Make time to visit, you won't be disappointed!I love this place. It was the first restaurant I visited after moving to Philly on a date night with my boyfriend. I, of course, love that it's a BYOB and the musician who plays there gives it the perfect romantic, cozy ambience. We both ordered off the specials menu that night, I had the squid ink spaghetti with seafood, which was delicious. I was so upset when it had a fire and closed a week after visiting but fortunately it has just recently re-opened. Perfect low-key date night spot!This place was a really good meal at a reasonable price (BYO). Don't expect the overly attentive service that you might get in some other establishments, that is not what they are going for.  The staff is friendly but have a lot to do, so they can be blunt and to the point. But they are also really nice people (I saw a few people hug the staff on their way out) .  Take a second to acknowledge the good food, they'll love you for it.  I was there on a date on a busy first friday night.  The room was a bit on the loud side, but the food was hot and good.Before my first time coming here for a retirement dinner with my coworkers, those that had been here before raved about the mushroom crepes.  Seriously?  But the way they chanted about it like their own personal mantra made me think twice.  Eating them for dinner?  Oh man, now it's mine.  Mushroom crepes, mushroom crepes, mushroom creeeeepes.  /chant
It's an intimate restaurant, where elbows bump against more elbows and conversations are easily eavesdropped on.  Though the entree dishes didn't quite stand out in my memory, what did stand out was the insalata and antipasti -- delicious fried cheese balls, amazing salads, marinated olives and bruschetta galore.  I also wasn't shy about digging into the pot for more mussels, by which there were plenty to share for the table.
For all you dessert lovers, tiramisu is a must at this place, even if your pants need to be unbuttoned a little to make the space for it.Best italian food i've had in philly.  great menu and lots of specials.  the staff was extremely nice and attentive.  would highly recommend, and i will be returning!!!!Cozy BYOB with heaping portions of quality Italian food.  Will agree that the waitstaff can feel pushy at times, but is understandable due to the limited seating in the restaurant.  If you have a sense of humor you will be fine. Would recommend making a reservation since chances of being seated as a walk-in are slim to none.I had dinner here a couple weeks ago with a big group of girls.  They sat us before our entire party was there which was so nice. The menu has so many choices that it took our group quite a while to decide what we wanted. We shared a bunch of appetizers including the mushroom crepe and the antipasto plate. Both delicious. For my meal I got the gnocchi del giorno which happened to be pesto that day. It was some of the best gnocchi I've ever had. So creamy and so rich, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.
The service was fantastic. All the servers were friendly and seem to love their jobs. Even the owner was on the floor waiting tables and cracking jokes with us and other tables. It's cash only but they have an ATM there, and it's BYOB so bring plenty of wine to enjoy an amazing meal.We had made a reservation for 12 girls a month in advance, when we arrived they had no reservation for us and the place was packed. I still had the confirmation voicemail from them, thank goodness. They were able room for us and everyone was really helpful.
As for the food- we had made the reservation based on the menu that was provided online (we had vegetarians and gluten allergy people).. The menu that was given to us however, was completely different and did not give many options. The staff was somewhat good about making adjustments for dishes but some dishes were pre-made and heated up so we couldnt make changes :(  in the end everyone was able to get something that fit their needs.Best italian BYO in Philly!  Sure, I have only been to two prior to this, but I will not have to look further! Everything was lick-your-plate delicious. The crepe con funghi is a must-order. The gnocchi and seafood pasta dishes we shared were wonderful.
Loved the dark, yet initimate setting of the space.  The wait staff were friendly and entertaining.  There were times that it seemed that they were distracted in taking our orders, but were attentive when the food was actually served.  I did see another table that got a free tiramisu at the end of their meal - how does one score that I wonder??
Nonetheless, this will be the place for many, many future pasta binge meals, for sure.Had a dinner party for 20 people on a Sat night. Joe, Lydia and staff were very accommodating and flexible; from bringing our own selection of spirits, to our own birthday cake and table flowers. They are the best!
The food was delicious and feeding 20 people off the menu seemed like a difficult task but they pulled it off with everyone served at once. Awesome performance by the entire staff! Everyone loved the ample servings of tasteful, delicious Italian food. Pasta, veal or seafood ( great crab cakes!) are all well prepared and good value.
Highly recommend going for an intimate dinner or a large party. They won't disappoint you!Yummy mushroom wrapped in crepe cannaloni-like with nutmeg sauce. pasta was ok, service was poor.Excellent food.  Very authentic italian which is what we look for since there is no reason to go out if you are italian-american if you can cook it better at home.  I love their sauces!  Correct amount of everything- garlic, spices, tomato... 
Have to try the mushroom crepes.  Very delicious.  We get them every time. 
Definitely make reservations.  Otherwise the wait could be all night and you will starve by then. 
Avoid Frist Fridays.  Old city has an art event where everything from galleries to bars and restaurants are PACKED.  Its uncomfortably packed during that night each month.  Go when things are normal:)Good food, served with just the right amount of attitude! I highly recomend ordering their special gnocci of the day to share. Also, the homemade dessert tastes just like grandma made on Sunday...0 stars. Over priced small plates. The food was very dry even though it had sauce in it, we tried to order more sauce to try and see it that helped. Negative. We also ordered some special they had of ravioli it was ok but for a nearly $20 plate with 0 sides and only having 7 ravioli pieces wasn't a deal at all. Also instead of giving us cold and water to drink they went ahead and gave us warm water, NO ICE. So cheap for how much they charge. In just one appetizer and two plates we spent $75. I spent all that money and wasn't satisfied, should have gone to MCDONALDS.  Never going here again. Also as I added this exact same review on Facebook, they couldn't handle my opinion and were very rude and unprofessional.I've been here twice now, once for a bachelorette party and once on a date night. The food is always solid - authentic, old style italian, and the service is funny and friendly! It can get quite loud on a weekend night, but it's old city, so I guess you have to be prepared for that. The second time we went was on a weekday night and sat outside. There weren't many customers so it was perfectly romantic. It's a BYOB and cash only, I believe, but there's also a bank/ATM around the corner if you need it. All in all, a great little place!Awesome Italian food and desserts.
Their pasta is hand made in the restaurant, the specials of the day are very unique and reasonable price. Also you can bring your own wine. The restaurant is great for family dinners as well. Great staff they really know how to explain all the menu if you should need...
My only advise will be to give better attention to their bathrooms.WOW!!! I threw a surprise 30th bday dinner here for my BF and it was absolutely amazing. From start to finish the staff was great... And I can be extremely annoying. They were polite and accommodating. The meal was delicious and affordable. I can't believe I have lived in Philadelphia this long and I'm just now discovering this charming BYOB. They cook everything fresh on site. It's like all 15 of us were sitting in an Italian persons kitchen. Cozy with an in-home vibe. Thanks a billion for a spectacular experience.Everything you'd expect from a NE Italian-American dinner in terms of a boisterous and friendly atmosphere, My mother and I ate here on our last night in Philly during a recent trip.  
The food was good, but didn't make me swoon for the Tuscan hills. The heavy cream sauce on the ricotta-based gnocchi filled me up, but left me underwhelmed. My mother had the chicken with bacon and spinach which seemed more appealing. And I have to say the tiramisu was disappointing without a serious espresso flavor. 
The other thing to note is that the place is strictly BYOB - meaning they don't serve any alcohol there. They will direct you a nearby place which only has local wines, none of which seemed thrilling but aren't terrible. 
I'm sure there are better places for Italian food in Philly, but it was a fun experience after a long day walking around the old city.When Chase and I moved to Old City last April, we were so exhausted from a day of moving that we decided to walk down the street and have dinner at the first place that appealed to us. As we passed by La Locanda, we smelled the most heavenly garlic deliciousness so of course we had to stop there to eat.
The experience that followed was surreal. Our waiter Dennis was so nice and accomodating. The place was pretty much empty, which is not typical for La Locanda. He talked to us about the neighborhood and served us up some kickass Italian food with complimentary tirimisu and espresso. When we discovered it was BYOB, he said he'd give us wine if he had any.  It was such a warm welcome and a relaxing way to end a hectic day. Not to mention a wonderful first "living together" night with my beloved!
I've been back many times. I bring all of my friends here when they come to visit me in Philly.  If the place is busy, the waiters are efficient but won't really schmooze as much. Which is ok, because I understand how hard it must be to maneuver around that tiny restaurant on a busy night! My favorite dishes are gnocchi, crabcake appetizer (which is big enough to be a main course) and whatever their special "ravioli of the day" is. They also make a mean bruschetta which is not on the menu but they will make it for you if you ask for it.  They have this seafood rice dish that will blow you away and make a great meal the next day. It's really hard to pick a favorite here because everything is so good.
In my opinion, this is the best Italian food in the city.I almost don't want to write this review because I'd love to keep this find to myself! The atmosphere was incredible. They made me feel like family. The food was out of this world. Everything was so fresh and delicious. I couldn't even begin to find words that could give you half an idea how amazing the food tastes. The prices are quite reasonable for the top quality food and service. I suggest you bring a bottle of your favorite wine and prepare yourself for one phenomenal experience!Wow ! Brought my fiancé here for her birthday ! Warm - friendly - and at home service and hospitality . Have you ever been to a place where they shut the lights off for your birthday !?? Well this is the spot ! Lidia is the woman !! Ask for her and have JOE serenade you ! Rita, is another amazing person who works as a server and came to speak w us and make recommendations on where to visit in Italy!! How many places can you go dine and meet a family - make friends and enjoy a 5 star meal all in one place and within 2 hours of dining pleasure !? Highly recommend this restaurant for a warm - homemade Italian meal that feels as close to grandmas cooking w / family .We went here because it's a favorite of friends who recently moved into the area and love the friendly welcoming atmosphere. It certainly is that, and I can highly recommend the mushroom crepe appetizer. It was just delightful. 
I followed that with veal saltimbocca -- emphasis on the SALT. Under ordinary circumstances, I would have sent it back, but as I said, our friends are huge fans & I wasn't going to rain on their excitement with the new house and all.
I'd like to say my veal was an aberration, but my wife said the same thing about the mushroom sauce on her otherwise tasty gnocchi.I'm a little bit of a food nerd... as I believe most people are that post on this site.  I keep my own spreadsheet at home for every place I go to and I note what I've had, what they do really well and if I feel a place is good for a date or for a group of friends.
La Locanda Del Ghiottone is pretty much good for anything that involves food, period.  
Me and my "family" (if you're Italian, you know this is not just your immediate family) reserved ourselves an early dinner at 6:00pm.  My family is loud.  Very loud.  When you get a couple of my aunts in a room, its very easy to find them so, when the proprietor of the place came up to tell us what their specials were (very loudly) there was no way my my aunt was to be outdone.  She asked him to repeat things and asked for items not on the menu... but all in that joking Italian way.  This place already felt like home and we hadn't ordered anything yet.  If you're a reserved wallflower, I'd probably get reservations somewhere else
The prices aren't bad at all.  Any claim that states otherwise obviously doesn't dine out very often in the Olde City/Center City area.  We started off with the Mushroom crepes and sadly, since me and my cousin sat at the far end of the table, we ended up with the scraps left over from our parents.  The cream sauce on the crepes was outstanding.  We took the bread from the table and used it to sop up the leftovers on the plate, "licking" it clean.  Delightful!
I ordered the Gnocchi di Giorno with a red cream sauce mixed with peas and mushrooms.  The gnocchi was made from ricotta instead of potato and it was great!  No need to chew, you could simply mash them in your mouth with your tongue and the flavors complimented each other perfectly.  I rarely looked up to see what anyone else was even eating.  The portions aren't family sized but you're still given a generous portion so, when I realized I had eaten everything on my plate, my stomach sort of rolled over a little.  How was I going to eat dessert?  
Pretty easily!
For dessert we asked for a piece of the tiramisu and the cannoli.  They came out with two pieces of tiramisu (which my mom ate on her own... me barely managing to sneak a fork into the fray) and four cannolis.  I can't lie... the tiramisu was good (could have had more of a mocha flavor for my tastes) but the cannoli, wow!  Made traditionally with ricotta, some cannolis are made with cream so, you're never sure what you're going to get.  If you've only had the sweet cream cannolis, I feel sorry for you.  Slightly smaller then Termini's, about the length of a finger, it was the perfect size for a nice after dinner dessert and frankly, you just knew it was going to be ricotta *and* delicious after the rest of the evening.  Termini's has always been my gold standard for good cannoli, but no longer!  La Locanda Del Ghiottone, you win.
Leaving, we were walked to the door by the busboy, who was very attentive with filling our water and adding to our conversation.   
Just like home... come empty, leave overflowing!  My best eats so far in Olde City!OMG. I don't know what's going on here. But for the very first time, Yelp has steered me in the wrong direction.  Because I love and trust Yelp, I'm thinking that maybe this place is under new management? 
The service: Well, they were nice people, but for lack of a better word,  they were a bit...green? 
For example, I asked if they had an ice bucket for our wine. The waiter looked at me and said, "No, we only have personal ice". Like huh? Am I the weirdo here?
He asked us if we wanted sparkling or bottled water. We said iced water would be fine.  He filled our glasses with lukewarm tap water. What? 
We both ordered fish. Me: the Flounder. Him: The catch of the day , an Australian(?) Sea bass.  All I can say is, when the food came out,  it was lackluster. No pizazz. I don't know what I was expecting, but  I could not believe how overcooked the asparagus was - it was limp and greasy looking.  Like, seriously?
My flounder was forgettable and boring.  Boyfriend's  Australian Sea bass was fishy. It actually tasted as if it were frozen. It was horrible. Again, what was I expecting? I don't know. Just not this.
We are in Philly, how can the Italian food get this bad?! How?! 
Because it was all just so boring, I shifted my gaze to the party of 8 next to us. I noticed when they had come in because they were a big, happily loud, fun-looking group. Anyway, they had been sitting for about 10 minutes and no one had come to open their wine. Ugh. They were getting annoyed. 
At that point, I just looked at the boyfriend, who had already managed to get the check. It was getting busy, and the waiters were flustered. We dropped the cash, and hightailed it out of there as fast as we could. 
Maybe it was a really, really, really off day. But if you ask me, please do your palette and wallet a favor and steer clear of this place.One of Philly's great BYOBs.  Reasonably priced and excellent service!  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful in making suggestions.  The pasta is made fresh -- enjoy this authentic Italian restaurant.Came here in December with a group of 10 and had a great time! It was a Tuesday night- not particularly busy, but not slow either. The atmosphere was cozy and homey. Our waiter was great and honest when he answered our questions. 
Also the value here is amazing. I got a very well sized bacon wrapped steak with two sides (it was a special) for $25!!! 
Great place to go for a group and a fun night.Had a reservation for 9:00 PM for four.  When we arrived it was busy, so we waited about fifteen minutes for a table.  Service was sketchy in that we had to ask for bread, the waiter didn't tell us there were any specials (we overheard the specials being offered to a table next to us) and the waiter struggled to open our bottle of wine.
The food:
Pork Shanks - good
Gnocchi - Made with ricotta cheese were good
Tutte Mare - very good
At the end the owner asked us if we would like a dessert and offered a few items.  We ordered the tiramisu, but they never brought it I guess because an argument broke out in the kitchen and they must have forgotten they had customers.
Overall the food was good but the service was bad.This is in a beautiful part of Old City and the interior is just as lovely as the surrounding neighborhood. The food was delicious as well. I had the special of ravioli stuffed with lobster in a shrimp sauce. It was -very- filling.
The staff was nice in that they were prompt about chilling our beers as this is BYOB. Our waitress however was not around frequently, so I took a star off for service.
Be warned this is cash only and there is an ATM on-site.We went here while visiting Philadelphia to celebrate our anniversary on June 25th.  We are from Myrtle Bech , SC and always make sure we eat here whenever we are in town.
The charm of this restaurant is wonderful. It's cozy and fun , making you feel like you are eating in a friends house. 
The food is indescribable. I have tried most things on the menu and have NEVER been disappointed . 
I have read some reviews where people complained about noise level, I will say this, find an authentic Italian restaurant ,run by an Italian family in Philly that is quiet and I can promise you the food will not be good .LOL. Saying that the noise level has never been an issue.
Also to those that complain about the price, this isn't Olive Garden! We had an incredible meal and we're totally stuffed for a very reasonable price. The service as always , was outstanding and very friendly.We arrived at 8pm and had a reservation at 8pm. 45 minutes to get seated. Another group also arrived at 8pm, had a reservation at 8pm and were seated at 8.35pm. They did not offer anything during the waittime. Additionally they told us the specials which some of us ordered just to hear 10 minutes later that they ran out of them. They food is just ok. I see that many people give the restaurant good reviews but I'm not sure they deserve them.LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Take my family here all the time! Joe is the man! I recommend this place to everyone! Must try the mushroom crepes! You will not be disappointed!! Best BYOB in the entire city!Mouse in the house!!  Was so bummed with my recent visit since I used to love this place.  At my dinner last week the food was disappointing (my favorite risotto was a gloppy flavorless pile and my friend's pork tasted like a frozen Hungry Man dinner).  Post dinner - we saw a mouse!!  I will never EVER go back and suggest you don't either.I came here for my 30th birthday with a group of 15 people. We had reservations in advance for 8:30, which we confirmed with them twice throughout the week. We arrived before our reservation time and there was another 8:30 reservation as well as a 9pm reservation there waiting, both also large groups. We checked in and were told they were waiting for a couple tables to pay their checks before we can get seated. A half hour later two large tables were cleared out and set. They sat the other 8:30 reservation first and it was implied we would get the second table. Instead, they sat the 9pm reservation. They claimed that although we had the earlier reservation, the 9pm reservation checked in before us so they would get seated first. I explained that I was upset, and that we had plans after dinner that we would now probably miss, and "they didn't know and there is nothing they can do." All in all we didn't get seated until 45 min after our reservation time. Not once did they communicate how long the wait would be, and we were totally left in the dark. The waiting area is very small, so the majority of the group had to wait outside.
When we were finally seated, they didn't seem prepared for another large group so they ended up pulling together a few random tables to make it work. We sat close to the front door and there was a chill, so some of us didn't take our coats off.
I called the restaurant the day after and left a message that was never returned. When I called back again and they answered, I explained why I was upset. They passed the message to the owner and called back, which they then claimed all the reservations were for 8:30pm. This was not true since we spoke with the other tables and had overheard the wait staff say the 9pm reservation got there early.
I would have never came here with a large group on my 30th birthday had I known this would happen. I will never come back due to the way they handled this situation. Very unprofessional, an extreme lack of communication, and downright rude considering it was an important occasion and evening.La Locanda is my NEW FAVORITE ITALIAN RESTAURANT !!! It's absolutely decadent and perfectly cooked, full of authentic italian flavor. This place will totally WOW you. What makes this place even better is that it's a byob that you can MAKE RESERVATIONS! it's hard to reserve at byob places but that's not the case for La Locanda. 
I asked the waiter what the popular dishes were and he suggested the gnocchi. To be honesty, I only had gnocchi once before in my life and wasn't a fan after that first try. I asked the waiter "gnocchi is made out of potatoes right?". The waiter went "That's the american way. WE do it the AUTHENTIC ITALIAN WAY! we make it out of ricotta". and the word ricotta caught my taste buds and OMG thank god I ordered that dish. Perfectly chewy gnocci with the perfect creamy sauce that's not too salty, not too sweet, not too creamy, just PERFECT. If you dip the bread they serve you when you first get seated into this gnocci sauce,,, WOW. just please go and try the dish please haha You can tell that this restaurant uses fresh ingredients in all their dishes. 
Another thing I loved about this place is that they're quick. They don't like to waste time. They seat you, serve you the bread, explain what they need to explain, food comes out fast. But they won't be rude and try to shoo you away. 
If I did have to complain about one thing, it was our waiter. When I went there were two waiters. Our guy was skinny and had a strong italian? accent that was hard for me to understand when he was explaining the menu and each dish. The other bald guy who may seem to be the owner or manager(not sure), took his time to explain each dish in detail-politely explained how each dish was prepared. Whereas our guy was just rushing thru and was only telling us the name of the entrees and what it's made out of. I don't know much about italian ingredients and how the authentic, as what they claim to be, dishes are prepped and all that. When I go to an "authentic" italian place that I have no idea what the name of the entree even means, I would appreciate the waiter to take his time and inform me what the menu actually means. 
but other than this, please go and try this place :) don't forget to take the bottle of wine to this cute little italian restaurant!Mushroom crepes are awesome! The veal saltinbucca is a different spin on the usual. this one has a very good sauce and is matched perfectly with the string beans. Service was good. would of been 5 stars but it was freezing in there. Seriously, open the oven and heat the joint!I came here for a birthday party for my roommate, and what makes this place stand out is the service. It's good Italian, just not a lot of good Italian for what they charge. The owner is absolutely hysterical and definitely reason enough to check this place out. You can't go wrong with the pasta.Me and my boyfriend were in Philly yesterday and were in the mood for Italian. We didn't make any reservations in advance, and everywhere we called (at least 7-8 different Italian places) said they were booked for the night or didn't have an opening until 9:00 pm. We came across this place online and when I called the woman on the phone asked how many and what time and I said 2 and anytime because it was now 6pm. I told her we could be there in 10 minutes via uber so she said she would put us in. As soon as we arrived we were greeted very politely and taken to our table. They seriously saved our night because I was really starting to feel down that we couldn't dine somewhere nice and Italian, especially since we were celebrating Valentine's Day late. The atmosphere is very intimate which I like, and you can tell that this a small family run place which I love! The man telling us our specials was also very sweet. The people dining next to us were also really nice and even told us how this is one of their favorite spots. The food is also very good and priced appropriately, and they do have a lot of specials! I loved that this place was BYOB, and I saw the waiter opening the bottles for guests which I thought was nice. Thank you for your hospitality!! We will definitely be back, and I will be telling others to come here!Great food great people..
The best service Ive had in ages...And it didnt break the bank...I will be back ...So we went here last night on a whim. It was our first time dining here even though we live around the corner. As soon as we walked in, sans reservation, we met my new friend Joe. Joe is a very passionate man about his food. I've read a lot of reviews where people say that they felt pushed into ordering something they didn't want, etc. Reading that, growing up in New Jersey with a lot of boisterous Italian hospitality and then coming here, I could see how a passion for food and the excitability that comes with explaining the subtle nuances of a dish can, to some, see almost pushy. To me, it was like home and like dining with old friends. After being accommodated, we met our other new friend, Dennis.
 Dennis is also very passionate and when dining with Dennis, you are immediately his friend. I ordered the mushroom crepes with nutmeg cream sauce and they were divine! I read a few reviews where people kvetched about dried herbs and I have to say, the herbs in and on my crepes were as fresh as can be. There are plenty of both dried and fresh herbs used in Italian cooking, so getting your panties in a bunch over seeing dried herbs is just as ridiculous as getting fuzzy over seeing pigeons on the sidewalk. My boyfriend, P., ordered the Pasta Fagioli, which, he claims, is one of the best he's ever has, and a Cesar salad.
 My second course was the ricotta gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce.  It was very good and very filling. I have had better, but it was still delicious! We had no problem getting water, getting loads of bread with a decadent potato-leek-butter dip or getting attention from our waiter. It was also a packed house, may I add. P had the porkchop special and it was heavenly. Served with mushrooms (and some kind of gravy that could possibly have had some kind of drugs in it since it was so addictive) over top, and a side of potatoes and green beans, it was tender and delicious and even though I'm not a pork fan, I was sorry I didn't get it too. 
Our bill came to an even $70 and on our way out, after a round of good-byes and with plenty of left-overs, Dennis slipped us some fresh made banana and vanilla cannolis. I told him I loved him and also hated him and I couldn't wait to come back :-)Nearly every time I go out for a mid=priced meal in the city, I find myself regretting that I didn't just to to La Locanda Del Ghiottone. The best Italian food in the city - I'm not sure exactly where the late Chef Giuseppe was from but the flavors are more northern than southern. 
Just remember the rules. Cash only, byo wine, no cheese on seafood. Reservations a must.La Locanda is an above average place to go, well worth the trip.  If I had my druthers, I'd probably give it 3.5 stars.  
Pros:  
BYOB
The gnocchi is really a great dish.  Very fluffy and flavorful.
Portions were huge and pretty well flavored.
Cons:
The service, while unfailingly nice, is a little over the top for my taste.  
The restaurant is a bit dark, and was almost completely empty when we were there.  Just not a great atmosphere.I am not a big fan of going out to dinner on Valentine's Day so my hubby and I decided to "celebrate" on the Wednesday night before yet another storm. We decided to revisit one of our old haunts La Locanda formerly La Trattoria.  We haven't been there in years.  We walked in to a completely empty room but we were greeted like we were family.  They must have renovated since the last time we were there, the place seemed a little bigger than I remember and brighter.  I found it very comforting.  Our waitress Rita was a doll.  We chatted with her about the old days and she told us all about the specials.  She brought us out some nice crusty bread and a little dish with a very garlicky olive oil to dip in.  I probably could have just eaten that and drank the wine we brought, delish!  We ordered the Crepine Con Funghi as an appetizer and they were as delicious as always.  The crepes were light and airy and the cream sauce was seasoned perfectly.  I ordered the Risotto Di Mare, which I hate to say the risotto was not cooked enough but the seafood was very fresh and again seasoned perfectly.  Hubby had the Fettuccine Alla Romana which was very good.  The veal was tender and they use a quality pasta.  Although I was slightly disappointed with my risotto this place has not changed, I felt like I was home again.  I will be going back soon.BYOB. Mushroom crepes are delicious. Great place if you like pasta. I deducted 1 star because one time we were told at the door that there were no tables available and then the server rudely pushed my girlfriend out of the way to get to menus.The worst dining experience possibly of my life. The service was extremely rude and seemed to be on top of every table other than ours... We didn't have forks or water for the first half hour of our meal. There was one waiter who was nice but very busy with tables full of bachelorette parties.  They kept making rude comments to us the entire night bc our two friends were fifteen minutes late.   Antipasti was good but took about 30 minutes to get to us. Out of four people not one person at my table had a good entree.  My boyfriend got the flounder which was a cold piece of fish that looked like it was plopped in a bowl of campbells soup chicken broth with a side of soggy romaine lettuce - aka the vegetable of the day.  I ordered the tuna - rare - which came out an hour later and looked like beef, it was so bad i actually had to send it back.  I have never in my life sent back food or written a negative review, ever.  Disgusting.  I will never go back. The best thing about the meal was the wine and beer that we brought. Never go back.This is hands down the best Italian food  in Philadelphia. I have eaten at many Italian restaurants in South Philly.  But this place is better then any of the south Philly spots 
Add it's a BYOBThis restaurant is a neighborhood gem. We passed by it, saw their 3-course for $25 menu, decided to give it a try, and went back the following week. We tried eight dishes in two visits, they were all very good. The antipasto was a surprise, 8 or 10 items, including both hot and cold. The mussel dish was perfectly cooked. The deserts are normally cannoli and tiramisu, but if you're lucky and pick up the day they have cream brulee, order it, it is divine. The service is fine. The two waitresses are both very friendly. We like them. By the way, the $25 prix fixe dinner is offered between Mon and Thu only, and sometimes they close for Monday. It does not hurt to call them before you go.I'll start with the atmosphere which was warm, cozy and inviting. The service was incredible! The really make you feel like you're a part of the family.
The food was SO fresh, flavors were accurate, sharp and distinctive. I loved every bite of everything we've ordered.The food here was better than a lot of places I've been to in Italy. Very authentic experience.There is nothing about this place that i don't love.  From the intimate, right-at-home feeling you get walking in to the close tables that invite friendly conversations, to the what-you-see-is-what-you-get personalities of the waiters (soooo friendly), the no nonsense apps and entrees that give you just enough variety that you're not sittng there for 30 minutes trying to figure out what you want to eat, to the smells wafting from the open kitchen, the stay-as-long-as-you-like feeling you get after dinner, and the BYOB which means bring ANY bottle you'd like...
Last week, we were offered some really good tequila from the table across the room which the waiter gladly served us.  
I have never had an entree that I did not enjoy.  I am not a big dessert person but will gladly try anything they have on the dessert menu.
Make a reservation and go here.  
Weekends are crowded but well- worth any wait time you may have (yes, even with a reservation...just suck it up and chill for a few minutes!) You won't be disappointed unless, of course, you're not looking for any of the above.I came here on a weeknight with my friend and we were less than impressed with the food.  My friend told me they must have been having an "off" day but when you're BYOB Italian in Philly, you really can't have off days.
 The service was good but the Caesar salad and pasta with shrimp that I had were too "meh" to rave about.  I could have made it better.Delicious homey Italian restaurant. The zucchini dip for the bread is a great start to the meal. I had the caprese salad which is standard and hard to mess up. I was impressed with my salmon risotto (a special for the night). It was mouthwatering. The rest of the table loved their pastas. Wouldve loved to have room for dessert but didnt have a chance to try it. This is a great restaurant for a nice byo meal.LOVE this little BYO! Always has a variety(pastas, salads, seafood, etc) of delicious, fresh food with many daily specials. Our server(Lydia) is always fun and great! It can be a little crowded on weekends so if you want quiet and intimate, try a weeknight.Every awesome word I heard about this place could not quite capture the amazing experience that is La Locanda.  This is a must go experience place.  Actually if you don't go it leaves more for me... Go I promise you will be beyond satisfiedThe GF and I popped into La Locanda after First Fridays the other day and we were treated to what seemed to be a very authentic Philly Italian experience.
First off, the place isn't huge and it seems to be quite popular on the weekends.  Going with a group larger than two would be difficult without a reservation.  Also, the volume reflects the general attitude of merriment that this place exudes, so don't come here for a quiet meal.
The food at La Locanda was delicious offering plenty of options provided you aren't a vegetarian (or worse, vegan).  I opted for the Lamb Shank special and it was tender and delicious, with a portion well on the generous side.  The crab cake appetizer was also fantastic, and was served with two well prepared shrimp.
BYOB always helps to keep the tab a little cheaper and we had the servers were quick to open our bottle for us when we were seated.  The employees here are definitely on the boisterous side but generally seem pleasant and jovial.
La Locanda has a nice atmosphere but may be more hectic than I would generally prefer on the weekends.  I plan on checking back in with them on a Wednesday, when they feature live flamenco guitar.I was disappointed by the prices and quality of the food. My pasta was over cooked and the vodka sauce / dish was not complex. I understand the beauty in Italian cooking is simplicity, but make sure it's not overcooked and that the pasta dish is really good if its above $15. We ordered the tiramisu which was fine except that the chocolate sauce drizzled on top was I'm most certain Hershey's chocolate syrup which is not typical on tiramisu... 
I'm hoping to come back and have a different experience because I do think the staff is friendly and the space very cute.BYOB which is always a bonus. Phenomenal Italian food with a good atmosphere. Not that expensive either.Been going to La Locanda for years. In four words, it's food, family, friends, and fun. BYOB and cash only. No corkage fee. Joey is absolutely fantastic. His energy and the way he makes everyone feel like part of the family is the best. The rest of the waitstaff is also great. There's family memorabilia all over the walls which is interesting to look at. The restaurant is pretty small and you're basically in the kitchen, but I love it because you can smell everything (garlic, yum). There is outdoor seating also. It's not super fancy which I like because it's comfortable and great for big groups and special occasions. It can get a little noisy on weekends, but if you're Italian it feels like home. Always get the menu specials!One of the greatest Italian restaurants on the east coast. You will not be disappointed. Sure it's a little tight and a little energetic, but man is it an experience. I've eaten there a couple of times and each person I bring, they are wowed.We ate here for a late dinner on a saturday night.  Reservations were made a day before but few were available, plan ahead!  Service is excellent but noise level was high.  The gnocchi was the best and its sauce goes well for bread dipping.  Also highly recommend the Della salad - big chunks of mozzarella, roasted peppers and other yummy earthy ingredients.  Check this place out, and even better, go on a first friday!i still say this is the best-smelling restaurant in the city, and i was dying to go for the longest time because of that.  the food was good but pretty unmemorable compared to what happened next... so we're eating outside and have finished and also just realizes it is cash only.  my dining companion, who is also my girlfriend, walks up the block to the ATM while i wait at the table (i hate when we're not prepared!!).  no sooner than she's out of sight, one of the workers (but not our waiter thank goodness) sidles up and asks if he can ask a question.  sure, i'm always up for questions.  :)  he then proceeds to ask if i take it both ways!!!  i was pretty shocked and probably laughed nervously instead of coming up with a witty retort (to this day i still don't know how i'd wittily answer that!!).  officially the weirdest question a stranger has ever asked me.This is the third time I've been here, living just a block away for 3 years. The food is good. A bit too salty. The noise is out of control. The host and waitstaff are colorful, though a bit inattentive. Biggest problem is who the heck doesn't accept credit cards. (Raises eyebrows).My best friend (whom I was the best man at his wedding) loves this place - it's his favorite place in Philly.  I can see why - the staff is extremely friendly and not obtrusive at all.  They feel like family.  
But I cannot say that I enjoyed my food all that much...I feel so bad saying it, but I just didn't.
I got the mussels as appetizers - they were good and all, but was not impressed.  The sauce was the best part.  You get about a pound for the order.  I then had the pork chops for dinner - this was totally unimpressive.  The pork chop was quite flavorless, and a bit overcooked.  The piece was small, I'd say less than 8oz, including the bone.  And finally, the risotto that it came with was bland and watery (causing the pork chop to be doused in that liquid).  
My friend's ravioli with meat sauce was pretty good, but you'll only get about 6 -8 raviolis.  My other friend's tilapia was totally uneventful.
I know my friend will go back when he gets the chance, but I won't be returning.  I'm just one guy though, so take it with a grain of salt.
BTW, it's BYOB.Took a date here in Winter 08. Waiter we had was full of energy and yet attentive. We brought a bottle of Riesling to go along with our meal. Had the mushrooms crepes to start. Felt heavy after eating just 2 but was very good. I was lucky I ordered grilled chilean sea bass as it was light. Grilled sea bass was done nicely, with a veg medley. Was a bit loud, at times, but I enjoyed overall. Date went well, but we didn't work out after a few dates. She asked me 3 times what the name of this place after we were done. I told her it was called, "Get lost, baggage handler".This long-named Italian BYOB maintains the old world charm expected from an Old City building. The interior is especially interesting, with a semi-open kitchen enclosed by brick. Since the place is small, and probably because of the brick too, it gets loud. There was an older male and younger male (both seemingly Italian, and reportedly from South Philly) and a female that waited the table as a team. All of the dishes ordered were enjoyed, except for one of the seafood dishes (it included clams, mussels, shrimp, pasta) because of a lack of flavor. The portions varied, though none were too small. When the bill came, 20% tip was included. The younger male waiter made it clear that he was disappointed no more than the 20% tip was left.This place is BYOB, and I think very fondly upon places that allow you to bring your own beverages! This little restaurant sits on the corner on 3rd streeet. Walking up to the place on a friday night you are welcomed by a few tables selected to be adorned outside. The building adds up to the atmosphere of the whole place, it almost feels as if you're walking into a dingy restaurant straight out of the revolutionary war and into something warm, inviting, and noisy. The tables are all crammed next to one another in order to provide as much room as possible.
We came here with a larger party as apparently this place is the place to go to when you want to hang out with a big group of friends. We were all fine with our drinks, the wait staff quickly came over with their cork screws and swiftly made sure we all had a glass. We were enjoying ourselves until the food came out. Now I do not consider myself a food snob one bit, although I do know what good food is. I've been blessed with being in a relationship where we share 2 important things..1. A palate for wine, and 2. A Palate for enjoying that wine with great food. 
Our appetizers came out. this is where I will start critiquing the food. Our mussels came out undercooked. (This is coming from someone whoenjoys eating sea urchin only seconds dead). The mussels I was not a particular fan with since it was undercooked but I still consumed what little that I could. Than our dinner came out. For the group size (17) our food came out particulary quick and timely! About 1/2 the group ordered the special for the night. It was Sea Bass, with a side of asparagus, and a side of pasta with shrimp in a shite sauce. 
Our Fish came out pretty fishy. There was nothing Sea Bass about it. Let me remind you again - I have been fishing with my father for over 20 years so I do know my fish. When questioned about the genetics of this fish the person working had replied... it's japanese sea bass.... Well isn't it kind of odd an italian restaurant would be feeding their patrons with japanese sea bass when one kind of presumes that when they order sea bass it's pretty much chilean considering the amount per plate they were charging..... Hmmmmm... kinda makes u start thinking. 
Japanese sea bass does exist. I went home and googled the market price for this kind of fish. It's pretty well let me change that, very reasonable, although I do not care very much for japanese sea bass that's been beaten down, and soo overcooked the meat was so tough it lacked to absorb any flavor what so ever.. Japanese sea bass is apparently meant to be enjoyed in sushi and sashimi based on the delicacy of their flesh. Go figure. 
My next complaint had to deal with the lack of asparagus sitting in front of me. It looked alot like green beans. When questioned about this questionable piece of veggie the waiter said oh yea, it's a green bean.... "Sorry for being a tard, but wasn't this suppose to be asparagus".... "Oh yes. we ran out of asparagus".... hmmmm - Usually when a restaurant runs out of something a patron was soo humbly expecting, it's common courtesy to go over to the table and kindly inform them that the item they were expecting should not be expected anymore and what the substitutes may or can be.
This is called consumer ettiquette.
All in all.... not a fan of the place. My first and last time. Although they steered me in with being BYOB, I didn't really expect a 4 star restaurant for how cozy it looked (I'm happy eating cheese and drinking wine in my backyard and I consider it 5 star lol) I wouldn't go here again, it just erks me that we can be served something we did not expect. At least inform me.I went here a couple of years ago so this might not be relevant anymore. We were there for a friend who is Italian and according to her, it's authentic. The food is definitely good to me and BYOB is a huge plus. Don't expect high class or attentive service here. It's a tiny place and can get pretty loud. The waiters are friendly and loud also. We had mostly seafood and everything was excellent. But I can see why some people are turned off by the type of service. It's just a different culture I think.With all the great Italian restaurants in Philly don't bother. Better food at Olive Garden. Just a very mediocre experience. They tried but the food just fell shortSERIOUSLY?!?! 4 stars?? this is just wrong. this place is HORRIBLE. I will be honest, my food was actually pretty delicious but that is totally irrelevant when the service is as horrible as it was here. first of all they have NO ice...whatsoever...and acted like we were crazy for asking for ice for our WHITE WINE. The servers are loud, as the specials were announce to the entire restaurant at once (it's small but he still stood in the middle and shouted) I went with a group of friends from out of town and was actually extremely embarrassed. As we were waiting to be seated, (which was very unorganized and chaotic, it seems like they schedule reservations in shifts) I overheard a table that was settling their check ask the waiter to shut the front door (because it was february and freezing) and he said "no that's open for you to leave" I'm not kidding, we felt like we were in the twilight zone. Do not waste your money, and that goes for Il Cantuccio too because they must be the same owner. I almost forgot, as if that is not enough...as we were  leaving (we closed the place out almost just to spite them for their rudeness and to finish our wine) the cooks/waiters were SMOKING in the KITCHEN....I'm a smoker and that is still really raunchy.One of the best BYOBs in the city!  The staff is super friendly and make you feel welcome.  The food is always fresh and they create great and comforting dishes with a Northern Italian feel!
It's quaint, romantic, and wonderful!  It's very affordable!I never do Yelp reviews, because I prefer reading them/making fun of entitled people who clearly don't understand how restaurants work. However, eating here was such a special experience. Food and dessert? Damn good. Atmosphere? Decorated but totally homey. We instantly became buddies with our wonderful waitress. By the end of the night, we had done 4 shots of tequila with the entire staff, including the chef!Good food. Terrible service with limited staff. Very hot in the restaurant. They wanted us to move tables once we were seated for half an hour.  Waiter came to our table limited times. Overall, poor experience and NEVER coming back...I've never liked Italian food much besides a good pizza now and then.  Pasta is much too heavy for me and that's about all I know about Italian food.  That is, until a friend introduced me to La Locanda!!!  Ohh such deliciousness!  How I lived for 4+ years in Philadelphia and never knew about this place I'll never know.  Now and then I'll make the hour+ drive down to Philly just for some of this delicious Italian food.
The waiters all seem to be South Philly Italians, very expressive with their hands, and are very knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful with choosing food that's perfect for you.  So don't be afraid to ask for their suggestion!
Everything is just so good.  I ordered the seafood special for the day (I forgot what kind of fish it was) and it was good, cooked perfectly, not fishy at all.  You can definitely tell it's fresh.  The side of garlic sauteed seasoned greens was to die for.  The appetizer we order was mussels in some kind of red sauce that was amazing, especially since they had lined the container with bread so the bread was soaked in the delicious red sauce.
Price is reasonable, I would even say it's cheap seeing as how I've paid the same or more for some disgusting to mediocre dishes at certain chain Italian restaurants.  Last I was there, there weren't a dish above $19.xx and they are all sizable!!
I am now in love with Italian food - if it comes from La Locanda!!Dined here on Friday night with 2 girlfriends as recommended by a friend. When we walked in, first thought was that it was loud and a bit crazy....but in a good way like a big Thanksgiving dinner. We sat down and the waiter gave us the specials, and then personally asked us our names and shook our hands which I thought was cute. 
We ordered the mushroom crepes after reading the reviews, and it definitely lived up to the hype. All three of us are "meh" about mushrooms, but we all agreed that they were fantastic. I also ordered the gnoccis which came with a Gorgonzola sauce. SO GOOD. And the portion was actually manageable and not overwhelming. 
A different server, maybe the owner?, personally came over to us as we were finishing our wine (we had reservations for 9pm so we were one of the last tables to be sat and they did not rush us at all). He thanked us for coming, etc, just a super nice guy. 
I plan to bring my boyfriend here so that he can enjoy this place as much as we did.This is a must try in Philly! Make sure you have reservations or you will be SAD! Dinner was delicious! Very quant and family atmosphere.one of my favorite byos! i've only been here maybe 4, 5 times, but when i walk in they remember me and are very charming. i'm also amused watching first timers faces as the waiter shouts the specials loudly. 
i always order the mussels for an app. the best ever. if they have the crabcake topped with shrimp as an appetizer special, get it. it's orgasmic. i've never had a meal here that i didn't absolutely love. their prices are reasonable as well.
be warned, if you are taking too long to finish your dessert and the next round of diners are waiting, they will ask you to get up! i've seen it! also, they don't take credit cards, so bring some cash!I pains me to even give them the second star but I'm only doing it because I know friends who have been loyal to this place for upwards of 15 years so there's got to be some redeeming quality. But as a newbie, I sure as hell couldn't find it. In their defense though, I attended as the guest of a small wedding dinner and I just don't think this place could handle our 20 person group, even despite our reservation.
First, and most importantly, I think astronauts have eaten fresher food. This is proven by the fact that their 'herbs' (read: a collection of jumbo plastic containers with dried, powdered blends and red lids) are on display, in full view from the open kitchen which is in the main dining area. Buy real basil and parsley, it's not going to break the bank.
Second, rude, rude, rude. When asked if we could have water for the 70 year old mother of the groom the young, snarky waiter said, "Hmph, nah, I mean sometimes we have bottled water in the back." We were finally able to negotiate our way into a decanter of Philly tap water that was never refilled. 
Third, good news, someone had some kind of special gnocchi that was apparently phenomenal, but she called ahead for it. There was also a decent looking lamb shank that I wished I'd ordered instead of the beans and sausage that I got. 
And at one point a little girl got up and sang Gershwin's "Summertime" which I admit, was very surreal. In a good way.This is my favorite Italian restaurant in the historic district. It is a small and homey - sort of a hole in the wall place.  It is BYOB, so be aware of that. It can get very noisy in the evening when crowded. The food is outstanding as is the service.  It is a comfortable walk up from Society Hill where I sometimes stay.  It is an almost hidden gem in a nice neighborhood.One of our very favorite byo's near and dear to our hearts! The people here are amazing, the food is amazing, the experience is AMAZING. They are just wonderful. They take care of you, they are reasonable, they are a routine go-to for when guests are in town. I wish I could rate higher than 5 stars.Food was Very good. BYOB and Cash only! They have an atm Incase you forget your money.The absolute best gnocchi I have ever had in my life (made with ricotta, served in a Gorgonzola sauce with diced tomatoes.) The staff is wonderful; very personable, passionate, fun and not TOO attentive. It's cash only, really loud and you might be sat very closely to another table... but it's totally  worth it. Definitely make a reservation. Also, if it's your birthday, they'll serve a candle in your dessert, turn the lights off and make the entire (yet small) place sing you happy birthday. I love themOkay, I rarely give 4 stars but we were blown away by this place. The owner/ waiter took exceptional care of us and 2 of us ate like kings for less than $60. 
The food was fresh and delicious. Can't wait to go back again.My bf and I went on a Friday night.  I definitely recommend making reservations if you are going at night.  It was packed.  Otherwise, they don't seem too busy during the day.  The servers are passionate and boisterous as everyone said.  The mussels were so great!  I had the gnocchi, which was pretty good.  They do automatically give you a bottle of water, and charge you $5 for it.  So just make sure to turn it down if you're not interested.
Think loud, warm, and good.I've been wanting to go to this restaurant ever since I smelled the garlic wafting out the front door during my first First Friday in Philadelphia. I finally talked the bf into going with me. While it was packed, we were able to make a 9PM reservation, were seated promptly when we arrived, and were treated to great service throughout the meal. Of course, I always feel romantic when dining with my honey, but this place may be a bit too tight and loud to qualify as a romantic destination for most. I didn't mind at all. 
The food was really quite delicious and courses were well timed. My only gripe is that the pasta courses were on the prices side - almost $20 while other similar establishments only charge $10-$12. The portions, however, are huge. So I guess you can have two meals, if you are willing to carry home the leftovers.You've got to be kidding me!
- the mahai mahai was way overcooked
- the brocali rabe was bland (no hint of a bitter bite, almost no garlic to speak of)
- there was bruscheta topping on top of the rabe and on top of the crepe (apatizer). ... think of it as Italian pico de gillo 
- the lentle soup was bland and had past in it.
- the waiter was borderline obnoxiously loud with a boisterous south Philly Italian accent (see more appropriate for an eagles game)
- the expediter/buss boy was polite enough, but either completely inexperienced/untrained, or else down right neglectful.
- the gnocchi had a depressingly uninspired flavor, and the red sauce (I forget what it was supposed to be, and it surely wasn't) was lame.
- one of the hanging lights was flickering.
the best parts of the meal were:
- the band that was playing what could have been romantic music if they hadn't been covering 'Low Rider'
- the bottle of wine we picked up at 5th&spruce (best state liquor store in phila)
- leaving.
i gave this place 2 stars because the atmosphere was creative/imaginative.
if you want Italian food, your far better off going to: Pietro's, Mercato,  Melograno, etc.
if you can ignore the food and need stimuli to provoke conversation, feel free to take your date here.Just loved this place.  The food was exactly what you would expect but the ambiance and staff were over the top.  We were visiting Philly for a volleyball tournament so we had 10 teenagers and 8 parents.  We got dinner and a show.  The girls and parents all agreed it was one of the most enjoyable meals we have had as a team.This is a no frills neighborhood byob. They have great specials that frequently change. I have been here several times and everyone in the group is always happy with the meal! I especially love the gnocchi.South City Flavor in Old City
The food at this cozy neighborhoodly (yes, not a real word) was VERY delicious.  A perfect place for me to carbo-load before the Philadelphia Marathon.  Almost too perfect.  I set a PR (personal record) at the marathon the next day.  Maybe it was thanks to my pink sauce homemade pasta dish at La Locanda del Ghiottone?
The workers here are quite authentic Italian.  They even have their Rocky accents going on.  For pasta this good, you would expect to pay a lot more.  It's quite affordable and fresh here.
The resto isn't big, and gets packed at night, so reservations are highly recommended!  It's also BYOB.
La Locanda del Ghiottone has become an instant favorite of mine!This was such a great find!  I can't believe I've lived in Olde City for almost 2 years and didn't know about this place!  For shame.  In my defense, from the outside, this place is unassuming.  I thought it was a pub/dive bar whenever I pass by it. 
I'm happy to say that I was wrong (I rarely admit this).  This was a fun BYOB.  I had a group of friends in town and we wanted to find a BYOB within walking distance from my place, and La Locanda popped up on my search.  Everyone was friendly and it seemed like everyone was having a great time (must be all the wine...and food).  Don't expect any drinks here.  All they have is water (tap or sparkling), coffee and tea (I think).  If you want a soda or alcohol, be sure to bring your own.  They will provide the glasses.  
The food here was amazing.  It's solid Italian food.  Everything was around 20 or less and the portions were big.  Our table of four left here happily fed and buzzed off of wine.  All in all, a successful end to a Friday night!Love, Love, Love this place! This is our GoTo restaurant in olde city. Food is always great and Joe is wonderful and makes us feel at home. We love the bread and home made spreads. Every dish is delicious. BYOB is perfect!This place is right down the street from my house, I pass it regularly, and never fail, every time, the place is BUZZING inside. Went with a group of friends, the wait staff, etc. were all very friendly and helpful, food was DELISH. Gnocchi was amazeballs. A little bit tight in there as far as seating, but overall a good experience, I'll be back!Came to la Locanda for a big birthday reservation, initially the service was good, but at the end our server was very rude. At 10pm he was kicking our party out claiming that we overstayed our "2" hour reservation, turning off the restaurant lights and telling the remaining customers that "we were not getting the hint" to leave. Pretty horrible experience. Wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyoneAmazing appetizers and pasta and chicken and dessert! The mushroom crapes were awesome and the gnocchi is amazing as well as the penne vodka .. For dinner I has the chicken with mushrooms and the sauce was absolutely amazing. I would come back here all the time.I am so surprised this place is still in business. The carpaccio was so fatty it was impossible to eat. The seabass tasted more like cod and was really dry and rubbery. They also gave us string beans instead of asparagus.  The whole meal was a hot mess. Only saving grace was the good company of friends we were dining with. If you want good Italian and a BYOB go to La Viola. This is where we should have gone instead but we wanted to try something new. Never again