Although the food is good, standing for 20 minutes for your food is not that great and rather lonely. They need to improve the wait time in their outdoor seafood shack. I literally stood (due to lack of seats) for a little over 20 minutes waiting for 2 'fast food' burgers, an order of fries, and coleslaw. The food arrived on cute metal trays sans utensils and napkins that you had to pick up yourself. The burgers were tasty and I like the sauce. I also digged the slaw.  For some people (don't ask me how), they got table service. For others, who paid the same price for food, they got none.  Hopefully they will improve it. Also, it would also be nice if the outside bar had other nonalcoholic drinks, besides water, maybe a lemonade and a sweet tea.I haven't been here for a while. When and why did they change the menu?? What was wrong with the previous menu? Such a beautiful space and previously great classic bistro menu. Now, it feels like yet another Philly hipster bar food joint. Wings?? Spaghetti?!? "Hang Town Fry"??? How plebeian. 
If the location was more central, or parking more plentiful, this would've been my regular go-to spot. La Peg was one of the best casual French spots in the city. Now? I pass. Just another blah white hipster Philly spot. Sad.Good food for reasonable prices, although they don't have a large menu. For my entree, I had the Lancaster chicken with succotash. It was seasoned very nicely and packed with flavour. The chicken was a little dry, but very tender. The service was also good.Ate outside where the different menu lives.
I had the chicken sandwich.
The piece of chicken was 2" x 3" x 1" thick.
Smallest piece of chicken I've ever seen.
Enough said.
Cool, hip place with lots to look at though.Eating in an old water pumping station next to the surprisingly not-on-fire Delaware River (those that have smelled the water know what I mean) sounds a little suspect. It has been a venue and an art gallery with an industrial vibe, pretty much underneath the Ben Franklin Bridge, for as long as I can remember. It is a pretty cool place looking from the outside and has been put to good use for an old utility building. So once it was turned into a restaurant I thought, this is perfect! Like other repurposed buildings in the city, this will be a cool, hip place that got a top tier chef to create a culinary/cultural home run like the FIshtown La Colombe, Jerry's in Northern Liberties, or Frankfort Hall off of Girard Ave. 
Wow, was I wrong.....at least for part of that assumption/hope.
The building and general vibe is as cool as I expected. Old Industrial feel and chic clean design. Really a place you would expect to be filled by young professional severy night, even if the location is a little off the beaten chill-spot path. But what you actually see is very different. My girlfriend and I were the only ones under 55 there and the place was largely empty at 7:30pm, what I consider prime to late dinner time. Since the place looked rather expensive to develop, we expected a lively, cool wait staff. What we got was a waitress that actually talked down on the food, calling the salads "small piles" and admitting all the portions were pretty small, which they defiantly were. With the supposed French inspired menu you would expect good french food with a twist. As the only appetizing options on the menu, the collard green tasting green beans were mediocre, the rabbit pasta was tasty but way too small, and the burger (a weird addition to a "French" menu and probably an attempt to keep up with the gastropub trends) was hilariously forgettable according to my girlfriend. The pumpkin based beer I had and the rosé my girlfriend got tasted like mild pumpkin water and bad zinfandel respectively. Waste. Of. Money.
Also something very important was an article from a Philly based magazine calling the Pho here the best in the city. LIES! The Pho was the main culinary motivation to come here. But for $10 you get a child's size bowl of broth, one small strip of beef, and an underwhelming dumpling, not to forget a predetermined (small) amount of sriracha and hoisin sauce. So. Weak. Even though the bowl was small, the sauces made little to no difference to the taste. Bad. Go to Pho 75 and get MUCH more and better Pho for $6.75. 
Overall this place is not good. The small portions for inflated prices that they hope are justified by the cool atmosphere, fall on their face and are outdone by almost any place in the city not named Taco Bell or McDonalds. The best part of the night was using UberX during their free weekend promotion....and even that was a waste since we live pretty close to the restaurant. The only caveat to the restaurant is that they are relatively new, so things could change, but I doubt they will...and I will not attempt to find out.We came here after seeing a show at the theatre inside in the building.  Our reservation was at 8:15 and since our show was supposed to end at 7:50 I thought that would be plenty of time.  Unfortunately it ran really late and we weren't at the hostess stand until 8:25.  Thankfully our table was still available and we were seated immediately.
The menu is really great looking.  At first glance, just about everything looks great.  There are a variety of small and large plates which combined should make anyone happy and full.
We picked several small dishes and a couple large dishes.  It took a few iterations to get enough stuff.  The kitchen didn't seem too flexible with fixing dishes so my girlfriend could eat them, but we still found plenty we could enjoy together.  Up through the time we ordered everything was going really well.
The food came in waves.  Nothing really stood out as amazing, but at the same time nothing stood out as being really terrible.  Our of the six dishes we picked, nothing really seemed to live up to the menu's hype and description.  Several times when our dishes came out servers brought our stuff to nearby tables first.  Not a big deal since I'm sure the runners are still learning the tables a couple weeks in.
Service though overall really seemed to follow a similar pattern.  No one seemed to know too much about what was going on and no one acted like they really wanted to be there.  Our server forgot we were getting more dishes and almost brought out dessert menus half way through our meal.  We didn't get any extra bread after asking for it during the first few courses that could have used another piece of bread or two.  I felt like all the staff was either far overworked or were all just getting used to working at La Peg.
Overall I would have probably given this place a 3.5 or maybe even a 4.  Nothing was too terrible, but then I saw the charge clear on my card and decided to take off the last half star.  Since service was mediocre I only left ~17% on after tax charges, which is probably still too high.  But when I saw the charge it looks like it was rounded up to a even dollar amount putting the tip at nearly 22%.  If there is one thing I don't like it's having someone mess up a check.
If you want to come here, I'd probably wait a few weeks until the hiccups clear and the crowds from Fringe Festival die down.  Hopefully service improves by then.** BE WARNED, THIS IS NO LONGER A FRENCH INSPIRED MENU**
La Peg has been a great restaurant with great atmosphere and really good service. What has been my favorite thing though, is its French inspired, creative menu. Escargot broiled in delicious garlic, a wonderful beef tartare with capers and shallots. Beef bourguignon poutine, god yes!
Also, the style and atmosphere was comfortable and unpretentious. The beer garden furthered that relaxing and casual atmosphere. 
Until last night,  the last time I had been to la peg was 6 months ago with friends from out of town. My girlfriend and I would take family and friends to la peg anytime someone visited because we genuinely loved it.  
We went last night to get out fix of some French staples, but when we arrived, one look at the menu made me realize this place has made a turn for the worst. What followed was honestly one of the worst and confusing dinners I have ever eaten in Philadelphia.
The restaurant is still named "La Peg" which is so confusing when you consider the "new" menu. Not only is it now just standard American menu but it is honestly one of the most boring menus I have ever seen. 
Salads: chef salad, garden salad, and a Waldorf salad. 
BORING
Appetizers: Clams casino, shrimp cocktail, crabcakes 
SO BORING!
Entrées: Burger with ice burg lettuce and tomato, NY strip with broccoli, broiled salmon, POT ROAST???
SO GODDAMNED BORING
it's like they got a new chef and he took a look at the old menu and was like "I have no clue what poutine even is but I graduated from the Oscar Meyer cooking school for boring ass steakhouses and I trained at Applebee's for 3 years"
So we were so disappointed and I wanted to walk out before we ordered because I just don't want anything from the menu. I wanted something that would tantalize my tastebuds but now I was gonna order either a a damn steak with broccoli or a burger. 
Our server, Sergio, is the ONLY reason I am even giving a star. This poor Frenchmen was our server the last time we came to this wonderful French restaurant. Now he has to sit there and explain to us that they changed the menu to something that isn't even French INSPIRED. 
I order a burger, medium rare is what I ask for. My Griffins is chatting with Sergio how much she loved the old La Peg's menu and he tells her he could ask the chef to do something off menu. We are typically not those people and decline the offer as to not be "those people" but Sergio insisted it would probably be a delight to the chef so we agree and Sergio pops to the back to check with the chef. He returns momentarily and informs us the chef has mussels that he would happily make her a moules frites.. Would she prefer a wine or beer broth for the mussels. She, of course, decides wine broth.  When our food comes out, my burger is so very clearly a frozen patty (perfectly flat on top and bottom of patty and PERFECTLY round with the texture of beef pellets mashed together) which I'm guessing is also why it wasn't cooked medium rare, or medium, or even well done. It had been cooked to the point of no moisture left in the hockey puck. It came topped with watery iceburg lettuce and American cheese. It also came with a massive portion of cheap frozen French fries you would swear you bought at acme in the frozen section. 
I was sad and so very frustrated at what this restaurant was becoming. Then my girlfriend told me to taste her mussels.....OH BOY
The chef had made her a mussels Frite in a wine broth BUT the weird and awful thing is he used red wine????? No garlic, no shallot or onion...just red wine, butter, and tarragon. It was bland and so funky tasting because of the red wine that wasn't even completely cooked out. This spoke volumes to both of us...before we were hoping maybe the chef was just under the thumb of a controlling owner who was making them change their menu but was still French trained and a good chef. Our meals last night told me 3 VERY important and damning things:
1) they've lost their identity
2) they've cheapened on their products 
3) they have someone in the kitchen who, clearly isn't familiar with anything other than standard cooking methods and dishes 
La Peg, please change your name and stop serving French baguettes for table service. It's confusing as shit. I'm so frustrated at you because I see the potential you once had and I see it all but gone now. Maybe your focus is now on a hipster filled beer garden so the restaurant part isn't important to you anymore, I don't know. 
I'm sad that I won't be back. Sergio deserves better than youI gave them 3 stars solely because I love the atmosphere of the outside. That being said, their food is overpriced and mediocre at best. They charge $18 for a subpar meat plate that was light on the meat. It included sliced baguette, but you get bread for the table. It's counterproductive and meant to make the whole thing look a lot fuller than it is. 
My chicken was bland and soft. I kept picking fine bones out of my mouth. Come here for a drink, play some corn hole, but that's about it.The atmosphere was great--The space is really interesting, and for a large room with tall ceilings, it was surprisingly easy to have a conversation without shouting or having trouble hearing one another. The service overall was friendly and attentive, and I was especially impressed when I was three blocks into my walk home when one of the staff came running up, holding my purse, which I'd left at the table. The fact that he chased us down during a busy Saturday night service was really above and beyond, in my book.  
Food was good, though I wouldn't say it was amazing. There were a few inconsistencies between what the menu stated and what we were actually served; for example, while the menu described the cheese board as coming with truffle honey, the food runner who delivered the board said it would be jalapeno honey, and it turned out to be regular honey. That said, the cheese was good, and my dining mates loved the bacon jam. 
I'll definitely be back, and look forward to checking out the beer garden.Disappointing, un-imaginative, bland food. Especially from a chef with another well-loved restaurant in town. From the blog upon opening in 2014, Owner Woolsey writes "To me, Bistrot La Minette and La Peg are members of my family. They're babies that require nurturing and guidance."  It seems as if Peter Woolsey has lost his way with La Peg, as clearly there is no guidance in the kitchen.  Oysters had bits of shell and were not properly released in their shells, making them difficult and unpleasant to eat. The Salmon arrived overcooked on a bed of bland rice blend that took over the plate, think diner portion here. No thought or creativity went into seasoning or plating. There was barely a hint of the promised hollandaise. Birthday celebrant pined for crème brulee, and after ordering, 10 minutes later discovered they are out of it.  The proverbial icing on the cake was the ladies room with vomit gracing one of the commodes. 
Who is overseeing this  Woolsey family member? The ambiance is super hip in an historic pumping station on the river, and the service was excellent. Mr. Woolsey needs to spend some time in this kitchen and whip it into shape before he has to throw the baby out with the bathwater.When in to LaPeg last night after theater for a light bite and a night cap. The interior is amazing combing old and new with the best views of the Ben Franklin bridge! Our cocktails (Mr. Sands in the Foyer) were some of the most delicious we have had all season in the city. A perfectly delicious balance of spicy and refreshing made with tequila, yellow chartreuse, strawberry, and jalapeño served up. In addition, a Perfectly executed French 75. We ordered a bunch of small plates (which came out quickly): lentils were perfectly cooked and dressed, potato rosti delicious and filling, beets perfectly tender. The bartender was knowledgable, friendly, and efficient. Overall a great experience. Oh and let's not forget about the most beautiful outside patio Philly has to offer. Looking forward to many more visits!I have to give this a mixed review. Although the restaurant is noisy, it is attractive, and the service is excellent. Our meal had one major disappointment. All three of us ordered the "Oyster Trio" appetizer, because we love raw oysters on the half-shell. What we received were close to inedible. My son and I both gagged; he had to spit out all the harsh vinegar that the oysters were drowned in. I don't know who was responsible for preparing the oysters that way, but he or she obviously has never eaten oysters and knows nothing about serving them. I advise diners to avoid the "Oyster Trio." Order oysters separately, and request that all condiments be served on the side. My bouillabaise was delicious, although I expected a larger portion for the price. My husband was disappointed in his Peg Burger, which he said was overcooked (a frequent complaint for him), and he didn't think the cheese they topped it with was a good match. My son's duck breast looked perfect, and he was delighted with it. The homemade lemonade and orangeade were very refreshing, and the restaurant has an exhaustive beer and wine list. Our waiter was attentive, charming, and prompt. We have no complaints about any of the servers; the kitchen staff need some basic training, however.The food is phenomenal! I had the Margharita Grilled Cheese and it was nothing short of amazing. My friends both enjoyed the Omelette du Jour. The Sunday brunch menu has enough options for everyone and was a good mix of sweet and savory. We also got the carafe mimosa option which was a bottle of champagne and a carafe of orange juice (enough for about 8 or 9 drinks between three of us). The staff members were all so personable and nice, and knowledgeable about the items on the menu. I definitely will be coming back to try the dinner menu!Disclaimer: I sat outside and ordered from the Seafood Shack. We asked to sit outside and my impression was that you could only order from the seafood shack if you sat outside. It was a beautiful night and we didn't realize the menu would be so limited so we did it. Outside you order all your food and drinks from the shack and someone will bring your food to the table. Service was really quick. 
I ordered the $13 crab poutine and it was pretty disappointing. The crab on top was more like a crab/mayo salad. Drink selection was okay. There was a bin filled with containers of ice water that you could bring to your table. What makes this place is the ambiance. You are right across the street from the race street pier. I was surprised that there were still a couple tables open around 8pm on a Friday night. Maybe it's because of the limited menu. 
I'd love to go back and try the dinner or brunch menu. I will update my review if I do.Celebrating a friend's birthday and welcoming a friend out of town we decided to dine at La Peg for dinner. Mainly because none of us has ever been there and also because of the location and view. We were sat upstairs in the corner and there really wasn't much of a view. In order to really see the Ben Franklin bridge, being outside would be the best.
Our waitress was really really slow. We order around 845ish and we did not leave until 11pm.  She offered us bread and butter and that took forever. I thought with the length it took for the bread/butter to come out that they were hand churning the butter back there. When it did come out, she said it was European butter. Let's just say there was nothing special about the butter. The food itself was decent, really nothing mind blowing. Our table ordered steak and duck as an entree. My steak was fine and I felt the duck could have been cooked more. The skin would have been better if crispier and the fat more rendered. We ordered a few apps, everyone an entree, and a few desserts. No one at the table was particularly wowed by any of the dishes we got. 
Also, we came on a Friday night and outside there was a live band and they were extremely entertaining and sang very well. 
Overall the drinks were OK, the service was a bit lacking, and the food wasn't all that memorable. I don't think I would come back here to eat dinner, but due to the location and great view, I would come here for drinks.Ordered the rabbit entree - excellent flavor. Tried the same entree at Parc restaurant in Rittenhouse square and was disappointed. If you enjoy rabbit, come to la peg.We held our office party here in the mezzanine upstairs, so it's an hors d'oeuvres based review.  If regular meals are equal to what we'd eaten, I'd probably add another star, because the food is terrific. We were there on a Tuesday night, so the place was nearly empty, but for our group of sixty.  Under the circumstances, the service was also terrific.  I'd probably add another star if the same is true on a Friday or Saturday night.  It's all street parking, mostly along Columbus Boulevard at $1.50 per hour.  There are no credit-card machines, so bring quarters.  Kudos to the bar staff; they stock lots of change just for this purpose.This place is great! They have great happy hours specials inside and the bartenders are very friendly. During the summer they have a bar and tables outside. Drinks are moderately priced and they have a good selection of beer and cocktails. There are also outside games which is a nice touch. The outside food menu is great for a quick cheap bite. You can order at the bar and a waiter or waitress will bring your food over to your table when it is ready. There are always people here but it is never hard to get a table. I love that they are dog friendly and will even bring over a water bowl and treat for your pup!Sebastian was great! He was spot on with his recommendations and very knowledgeable with what he was serving. Great food, atmosphere and music! Easy to get to as it was a quick walk from where we were staying. Would definitely return again!It's a great space . . . but that's the best I can say. Our server was badly under-trained. The food was ok--no better than that--and given how much great food there is in this city, that's a minus. (The crab salad seemed to be missing most of the ingredients listed on the menu.) And when my husband asked if he could substitute green beans for the fries that came with the roast chicken (he can't eat potatoes for medical reasons), they said no. Worth a try; love the building; won't be going back.Probably more like 3 1/2 stars. Had a cocktail indoors and an order of cheese curds. Drinks were good and strong but a little overpriced. Cheese curds were ok but I prefer cheddar as they are more flavorful. We then went to sit outdoors. Limited bar options and a small seafood menu. We had a couple beers, a lobster roll and fried clam strips. The food was ok but again overpriced. The lobster roll is very mayo heavy and much smaller than what you can expect T Luke's or the oyster house. True it is less expensive but I am happy to pay more for a superior product. Wife wasn't thrilled with clam strips. The outdoor space is nice sporting corn hole and  a large connect four but sits on an intersection with 2 major thoroughfares. Not sure I'll be back.Badass location. Not touristy at all, which is a great breath of fresh air in the summertime in Old City. Outdoor games like corn hole and giant connect four. Super chill.Started with the maytag blue cheese (crackers, truffle honey) and wow that's a delicious combo. The selection of beers both tap and bottle is very nice. I'm a Pilsner guy and like both the Wurzburger pils and the Wiseacre pils. For my entree I got the amazingly wonderful pan-seared striped bass (succotash, vinaigrette). Wow! The skin was still on and how refreshing and crispy. No bones or scales either. Well I would certainly recommend if you're in the city of brotherly love. The atmosphere is casual but very hip. Right under the Ben Franklin which is super cool and unique.Sebastian was great! He was spot on with his recommendations and very knowledgeable with what he was serving at the bar! Great food, atmosphere and music! Easy to get to as it was a quick walk from where we were staying. Would definitely return again! Mary was a great server! She had personality and also was knowledgeable about the menu!!! Would definitely return again!My boyfriend and I came here for New Year's Eve 2016 and had a lovely time. The food was very good. I recommend the Filet Mignon. The restaurant has an industrial vibe but is still intimate and romantic. Our dinner included tickets to the performance by red 40 and the last groovement at the adjacent Fringe Arts building. The band was pretty entertaining and played mostly funk and soul. The show paused just before midnight so that everyone could go and see the fireworks across the street at Penns Landing. After the fireworks we hung out at the beer garden. They had several fire pits for warmth and loudspeakers playing music from the concert. This restaurant is a great date night spot and we will be back.This is our favorite Brunch spot!  The room is beautiful, the staff is great and the food is delicious!  You must have the biscuits and gravy, they're delicious.  I'm also obsessed with the grilled cheese, ask for marinara sauce with it!The food was delicious. We dined there for my sister birthday, and had a great time time ordering and sharing several appetizers, soup (clam chowder-yum!), a Cobb salad (a little overdressed), the rack of lamb and the macaroni entree. 
My only irk was not letting us know in advance that they were charging us a plating fee of $5 per person for the birthday cake we brought -- though they did add a scoop of ice cream, a nice touch! Will definitely dine there again!Showed up for the outdoor movie screening of Ghostbusters. Movie was cancelled for a private event, with no warning, nothing posted on the website. Not good customer serviceWound up here for Sunday brunch when the wait to sit outside at Race Street Cafe was too long. 
Pros: All drinks happened to be $4 because it was their 4 year anniversary. Lots of pet friendly outdoor seating & great views of Ben. The blood orange tequila drink was strong yet tasty. 
Cons: The beer garden menu is extremely limited for both food and drinks. Ordered the lobster roll and while it wasn't the worst I've ever had, it was far from the best. The side of fries was the most exciting thing on the plate. Sad. There is no server outside. You have to get up and order your food and drinks at the food truck. 
I think the restaurant not serving their full menu outdoors is a missed opportunity. They have the outdoor space and views going for them and the place would probably be packed if you could get a full service & full menu experience out there!The room is awesome, you are literally next to the Ben Franklin bridge and look up at it through the huge windows.  The ambiance was great, the service great.  The food was good but the portions were  ridiculously  small for the price.  The cheeses are $5 each and you only get an ounce if that!   The apps should be double the sizes.  The entrees were smallish as well.  We spent $350  for four and left hungry!Had a lovely meal here while visiting from NYC. The menu was thoughtful, the fish was fresh and the ambience was lovely. Truly a beautiful space. Very cool interior. The price point could be a bit lower if they want to pack the house but on the whole, I would recommend it.This place should deserve more reviews. I went here for dinner, tonight and the foods were amazing! I had clams casino for my appetizer, beef ribs for my entrees and my friends got salmon and spaghetti w/ meatballs. I thought the clams were little salty and overpriced ($13/ 3 clams). However, all of their 3 entrees were delicious! The salmon was cooked at a perfect temperature. It was very juicy and sweet. For the beef entree, the meat was extremely tender and complement well with the bitter taste of brussel sprouts. The spaghetti dish seems homemade but i was expecting more tomato sauce on there. 
Overall, i would give this place 5 stars for amazing foods and its industrial interior design.We had a fabulous dinner here last night. It was my second visit. The first time I went was about a month ago,  just for an hour for a pre-show drink and decided to have a ham baguette from the bar menu and was pleasantly surprised to see someone actually knowing how to make a french sandwich - hello butter and hello real baguette! Those little details and the fact that the space was sexy (like really sexy) had me wanting to come back. So, I came back last night to eat and have a go at the full menu.
I had the choucroute garnie, which was great - smoky, balanced and soulful, artfully plated, cut with a glass of Riesling - righteous. I also tried the salmon with horseradish cream from my dinner mate - crisp on top, tender inside and  horseradish married perfectly. Squash soup was refined with a kick of esplette - subtlely french - well done. Place was kid friendly too  - my six year old daughter had the cheeseburger and was a happy camper.  I prefer to not have to pick between sexy and kid friendly, so this is going on my go-to list.
View from the balcony of the river and the bridge was something else too. Saw a couple on the couch spot (offset a little from our table) next to one of the arched factory windows, nick drake's "chime of the city clock" and then Otis Redding on the speakers - they had the right idea - that's the spot. 
Only minor complaint was that there was a little too much of a pause between apps and main course from our waiter who otherwise was helpful and professional.My wife and I had dinner here last night and it was fabulous. She had the lamb, I had the steak frites. I think I won dinner, as the steak was fabulous and the fries wonderfully crispy and perfectly seasoned. The space is cool and the service wonderful. The wine list was decent, but has limited affordable options IMO. We had the house red, which was good for the price. 
We split the chocolate mousse cake for dessert. It was good, but not great. I really would have preferred another steak frites for dessert.The food gets 3 stars, the ambiance gets 5... we will be back. Smaller portions for the price and not fabulous food on the first try, but the ambiance will bring us back a second time.  Amazing view and cool interior.Go on Friday nights for Fringe Arts on the stage inside. They have a late-night bar menu. We went on a jazz night, and there was a bit of dancing, and the outside patio was beautiful with the great view. We got up and ordered at the bar and our food was brought out to us by a runner and then we were left to our own devices, so I can't speak for the service if you sit inside for full service. But I liked the casual order-from-the-bar patio experience a lot.
It was a charming late dinner and drinks.
The food is good and I have no complaints about anything, but not as on-point as Bistrot La Minette.Had an excellent restaurant week meal here.
The ambiance is a mix of chic, artsy, and steam punk. The service is efficient and friendly.
The food exceeded my expectations. The serving size, especially for prefix was generous. I especially enjoyed the food pheasant appetizer and NY strip with roasted broccoli entrée. The steak was perfectly rare.The stripped bass was delicious. So were the tiny black cherries you put in my drink. Great service and quality.A few months ago, I had a drink at La Peg. Me and my dude sat at the bar on a Saturday night, had a few cocktails, and really loved the service, the vibe, the decor and couldn't wait to come back for a real meal - and if it wasn't for the slightly obscure location, we definitely would have made that happen ASAP. Alas, it wasn't until this week that I finally had the chance to experience La Peg in all its glory...or not.
To start out with, I am an obsessive menu stalker - partly because I'm constantly thinking about food, and partly because as a vegetarian, it's important that there's actually stuff on the menu that looks exciting and delicious to me. I had already chosen my dream La Peg meal, and was incredibly disappointed when I got to my table and saw that the menu given to me was not only totally different from the one posted on the restaurant's website, but also much more limited for my, and my family's, veggie lifestyle. Bummer #1 - Keep your website up to date. 
The menu itself is also really difficult to navigate. The sections are labeled things likes "Meat" and "Appetizers" and "Vegetables," but it's hard to tell what's actually a shareable and what's supposed to be a full sized entree. It's a little unclear whether La Peg is supposed to be a tapas/small plates kind of restaurant, or a more traditional meal restaurant. Bummer #2 - Help me figure out what to eat.
We had reservations for 7:00pm on a Monday evening. I get this might not be prime dining time, especially for a restaurant like La Peg that's a little off the beaten path, but the place was deserted. Like, our party of 4 was the only party in the place - I'm sure even the chef could hear us chewing. All of this feels even stranger because the space itself is so big and awesome - it just amplified the fact that we were the lone diners. Bummer #3 - Too big and too empty.
Food-wise (because duh, we actually did come to eat dinner), we were also just really underwhelmed. My fish crudo was small and sitting in a bowl of tomato JELL-O - seriously. The tomatoes in my mom's tomato salad were mushy and quickly heading towards Mealy Town (but the avocados were good). The tossed pasta with tomato sauce was tasty, if you were a 4 year old who wanted something plain and basic. My fiance's gnocchi was pretty delicious, but the "gnocchi" was actually just one big square of potato dough, so it wasn't really shareable...but nor was it normal meal size... (see Bummer #2). 
All of that being said, I continue to love the La Peg space, and I think there's so much potential for something cool to happen. Our waiter was very sweet and did his best to answer our questions and accommodate our veggie palates, and I can say from experience that the bar is packed and trendy on a Saturday night. Their outside space is really incredible, and I would love hang out more there...with other people...and good food.Do yourself a favor, go to this place. It's gorgeous. The food is fantastic and the staff is super helpful/nice/patient. We had some great cocktails, pleasant conversation and generally one hell of a time. Also, again, the space is really nice looking. Like, Zoolander good looking.Overall: a grating buzzkill.
Don't waste your time sitting down for a meal at this dungeon... You might never escape.
Went for a dinner with 5 people on a Saturday night. First downside is that there are different menus for indoor and outdoor, and the outdoor menu is seriously limited. So we opted to go inside for the better selection... Which turned out to be a huge mistake. 
The food was okay... when it finally arrived. The service was so painfully slow: What should have been a 2 hour dinner was dragged into 3.5 hours of waiting for orders that were misplaced and forgotten MULTIPLE times by our totally unapologetic waiter. The bartender was also extremely slow and unskilled - which made the waiting very literally, sobering. Unfortunately, "with a few drinks" seems like the ONLY way to handle the horrible atmosphere: The music is creepy and unidentifiable... kind of a remix of saws, nails on chalkboard and wailing French women... 
I must add the the place was practically EMPTY. There is no excuse for the eternity of torture that was our dinner.My friend had made reservations here because it seemed to be the hot new restaurant in town.  Before going I happened to read some Yelp reviews and boy did it scare me.  Many talked about the slow service and small portions of food and how the food didn't taste great.  However, after going I am writing to report that it seems that the management has taken the comments seriously and has, at least for my dining experience, fixed them.  Our waitress was very attentive and considerate.  Our food arrived quickly without much wait and the food was good and decently sized.  I think people may be expecting huge portions but they clearly told us ahead of time that this was a tapas type place.  I ordered the lentils, a potato dish, a cheese course, and the "Mac and cheese" (okay, so what.  I had a craving!) and a beer (for three bucks!) and I was full.  That came out to be around 26 bucks.  The three course meal my  friends got was 30 bucks and the food was good and they felt full afterwards.  Everyone was satisfied with their meal and the desserts were delicious!  Long story short:  If you know that this place is set up like a tapa restaurant, you will be fine.  Hopefully, they will continue to improve as I think they already have done based on previous yelp reviews.  
What my ratings mean:
1 star: Horrible.  I'm annoyed I wasted my time and/or money here.
2 star: Not bad but nothing special.  A decent place if you can't find something else.  I'd equate this to something like McDonald's.
3 star:  I enjoyed my experience there and would go back to try or do more things there.
4 star:  I loved it and would be excited to go back. I'd also recommend it to a friend.
5 star:  A real gem of a place.  A must on anyone's list.Save your $$$$ and go to Mickie-D's......The burger tastes more like the charcoal grill it was cooked on than burger, along with some form of what they called "bacon" and a hint of caramelized onion..a Mc-double is a better burger..not worth your time and certainly not worth your $$$$$..
We ordered a "cheese" tasting, when I say it was a taste I'm being very generous, about 1 oz. of very tasty blue cheese with great bread and a "dab" of apple compote..ie apple sauce.. that was gone with the first piece of cheese...
On top of that my wife ordered a glass of wine and if it was even 4 oz. it was a lot.
la peg has all the ingredients to be an outstanding restaurant and bar, all it needs is someone with the vision to put it all together..I'll wait until that happens before I return...Not. Good. I wanted to like this place. The space is amazing even though you are practically sitting on top of the people next to you. The wine was tasty and our server was really nice even though she seemed to forget a lot of details during the meal. So for those reasons alone I give it two stars.
Overall the food was bland and under seasoned. The menu jokingly describes the macaroni gratin 'too fancy' to call mac and cheese but it was devoid of taste and the gratin tasted like Progresso bread crumbs or as my dining companion pointed out, like shake & bake was poured on top. Neither of us ate the macaroni past the tasting bite. The cheeses we ordered were awkwardly thrown on a large plate along with the accompaniments. The cheese bits themselves were literally very small portions and they were accompanied by bread which could break a tooth. The potato rösti which should be bursting with flavor had none as it sat atop a boring tomato sauce. The lobster salad sounded tasty but again pretty lifeless. The scallops themselves where well cooked and well seasoned but the accompaniments got lost. The beet salad was boring and we left most of it untouched. We skipped dessert. 
The most redeeming part of this meal out was the company and conversation. There are just too many great restaurants in our city to waste time and money coming back to this place.The ambiance and decor is great here- open loft format, nice outdoor patio. And that is the only reason why this place is getting 2 stars instead of one. 
My fiancé and I were celebrating our anniversary and live in the neighborhood, so we figured we would finally check out La Peg for a drink after dinner down the street at Radicchio.  We tried to go to La Peg for dinner once before about 2 months ago, but the kitchen was closed well before the time noted on their website. This was no big deal as my fiancé and I are in the restaurant business and we understand that slow nights sometimes call for sooner closing times.  The hostess could have been a little nicer about it though. 
However, this time around, we were not looking for food but just one drink since it is close to where we live, and we had been meaning to try to go again. The bartender did not greet us warmly and just set down drink menus instead of saying hello or offering us water. The drinks were fine, but after we were served our drinks, our bartender paid no attention to us whatsoever. Not even a "how is everything" or a "can I get you another drink". Instead we watched him text on his phone at the bar with his back towards us. We were the only couple at the bar, so being busy wasn't the reason for the poor service and attitude. We sat with empty/ nearly empty glasses for about 5-10 minutes. And we had to wave over to a server facing us talking to the bartender at the service bar (whose back was turned to us) so let them know we were ready to go. He didn't even say good night or anything. He just said "many thanks" without much sincerity. 
We would have gotten another drink if the staff was nicer and if we felt more welcome. It is a shame the service is poor because a place like this could really thrive from neighborhood regulars during slow nights like last night. We would have been happy to come back to try it out for dinner, but after our experience, we're afraid we'd be sitting there with empty drinks and water while our server sits at a side station texting.....My wife and I biked past the restaurant last summer and intended to visit sometime in the fall.  We finally made our way down to La Peg this weekend.
The space is thoughtfully designed and, although industrial, feels warm and inviting.  We love eating at bars rather than sitting at tables (too formal).  So, we took a couple of stools at the well-stocked bar.  We had some questions for the bartender about some of the aperitifs on their extensive list.  He was extremely knowledgable and friendly.  It was really a wonderful little lesson on some of the bottles they stock.
Bread was promptly served with our aperitifs.  Wonderful, toasted French baguettes with soft, warm butter.  We started with a cheese plate; the selection does not disappoint.  The cheese plate came with perfectly selected accompaniments (cured pear, honey and raspberry preserves).  The service was prompt, but not rushed, as we discussed our entrees.
We followed cheese with the steak frites and the sea bass.  The steak was cooked a little more than my wife usually prefers (medium rare).  However, the seasoning was fantastic and the fries were excellent.  My sea bass was expertly prepared and salted (my biggest complaint with sea bass served in most restaurants).  
I also liked that the wine list has several options of acceptable wines under $50 per bottle, a rarity in the city lately.
Desserts are a bit disappointing and mostly an afterthought in our opinion.  But, you should judge them on your own.  The after-dinner esspresso i had was well-made and completed a really great meal for this early spring evening out.  You'll get great value for your money at this great restaurant.I really wanted to like this place because they had chill outdoor space, and decent space inside as well but they just could not get service together for brunch. Missed orders, missing items from other orders and what happened to be the sausage debacle of 2018 as they kept bringing out pieces of ground beef without any flavors, seasoning or casing and claiming that that was how they made sausages. 
The best was when they brought out two hamburger patties at one point saying THOSE were their sausage patties... Ummm it's okay to say you dont have it on the menu, like we get it. We laughed about it after the fact but definitely one of the worst brunch experiences I've had in Philly. With the plethora of brunch spots elsewhere I would skip over this one. Maybe they have a better bar scene....who knowsWent to la peg to celebrate my friends birthday.  The service was Good, didn't feel rush at all and the food came in a timely manner.  The crabcake appetizer was delicious.  We also ordered the fish dip which was also very good. There was not enough chips that came with the dip so we requested for extra bread which helped with finishing the dip. The bread was also very good along with the sauce that was used for the crab cake. I also ordered the baby back ribs, which I didn't enjoy as much because there was a lot of fat on it. The cold slaw that came with it was red cabbage which I wasn't a big fan of.   I didn't care so much for the corn bread as well.  My friend ordered the pot roast which was very tender and tasty.Went to a food and beer pairing.  Food was good and staff was attentive.  Chef made dishes just for event and they were great.I'd been wanting to try La Peg for a while, and it was everything I had wished.  We stopped by on a Sunday for an early dinner on a beautiful day.  Many people were sitting outside, but we chose to eat inside.  The high ceilings and industrial feel are carried through with the tables and chairs - really cool feel. Our server was excellent, explaining the menu and offering suggestions.  I had a delicious duck salad - hit the spot - and a good local IPA on draft.  It was fun watching people walking across the Ben Franklin Bridge as we dined - also seeing the  Duck Boats driving down Race Street and into the river - the area near the Race Street Pier (also worth a visit while you are there) bustling.- TIP: Don't believe Philly Mag when they say this place is great.  Also, this is a poor reflection of this group's other restaurant (Bistrot La Minette) -- which is actually a phenomenal spot.
- CON: Where to start...undersized beers, Ore-Ida-ish french fries, overcooked burgers.  $12 cocktail that used Jaurez tequila.
- BOTTOM LINE: Don't go here for a group event.  I'm not sure if their regular food is any better than their events food...but it doesn't really matter.  They're either inconsistent, or consistently mediocre.I was in town for business and staying at the Holiday Inn next door. Easy to get to and AMAZING food. 
I got the pub burger, and I cannot even begin to describe the flavors. Every item listed on the menu describing that pub burger had its own taste, while at the same time, the burger was the perfect amount of juicy, greasy, American-ness everyone needs once in a while. 
Drinks are cold, and even though I was dining and drinking at the bar inside, Mike my bartender was very attentive. Not overly talkative or annoying, but just the right amount to let me enjoy my food, drinks, and fellow patrons. 
I will definitely be recommending this place to friends, and will be back next time I am in town.This is probably one of my new favorite please is Philadelphia for a casual meal. The only draw back was the service was slow. The whole meal for 5 was almost 3 hours on a Wednesday with drinks, oysters, apps (get the cheese plate,) and main course.Came here for a pretty early brunch before an Arden Saturday matinee; had heard good things and wanted to try it out with one of my foodier friends.  We were seated on the upstairs balcony, so good views of the bridge and the river.  (The hostess even encouraged me to sit in the lounge while waiting for my friend to arrive.  The lounge is a large sofa, a couple of chairs, and a coffee table, arranged to look out one window.  Calling it a "lounge" is a little hyperbolic.)
I had the eggs Benedict, my friend started with a trio of small vegetable salads, then beef tartare.  My eggs were PERFECTLY cooked, with a very, very good Hollandaise sauce.  The home-made English muffin's texture really broke down under that, though, and devolved into a weird mix of crumbs and mush.  Tasty crumbs and mush, but still...  The breakfast potatoes, while beautiful to look at, had no flavor at all.  None.  Zilch.  There was no salt or pepper on any table, so I couldn't doctor it up myself without making a bit of a scene, and I don't make scenes, even if I should.
My friend fared better: her trio of salads - beets, lentils, and slaw - was a big hit, especially the lentils.  Well seasoned, a good contrast to each other, and while each would have been too small on its own, as part of a trio the portion size was fine/slightly large.  She absolutely loved the beef tartare, said it was the best she'd had in a long time.
We each had a glass of a French chardonnay, which was very nice and came on the recommendation of Rocco, our server.  Unlike many of the lower-rated review writers here, we had good service - maybe because they weren't that busy on a cold January day?  I hope it's because they are working to train their staff more thoroughly than perhaps they did at the start.
As so many have noted, the space is terrific, and in the warmer weather when they open their outdoor garden space, that should be fun to try.  On a crowded night, I expect it could get rather noisy, especially for those in the upstairs space, but it has very high ceilings so perhaps all the sound would just disappear up there.
I was a little disappointed overall with the restaurant, mostly because I had had such high expectations.  But I'll definitely come back and try it again.What a cool place ! My friend and I came on a Tuesday night for some drinks and late dinner AND to catch a flick they were playing right on the river. It's an artsy little place with frequent shows and activities from what I hear ! Next time I'm totally playing corn hole outside :-) We Loved it from the start! Cool picnic tables outside, cute bar, and the inside is also quite unique and eclectic. The service was great and we enjoyed a delicious bite to eat! We split the stuffed mushroom appetizer and salmon dinner platter. Serious YUM :-) All around this was a really pleasant experience wth very chill vibes. Two thumbs way up!I've been here a few times as i live close by. I really really wanna give it a 4 star cuz the place is super cool and a great place to grab a drink... but I'm not impressed with the food. Ordered 2 different pasta dishes on different occasions and both times came out under cooked. Had a few other things but nothing that really blew us away. I keep coming back hoping it will get better so I'm optimistic.I'm not sure what the negative reviews are about.  We had a wonderful experience on Friday night.  The hostess was very pleasant, and our waiter was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had the heirloom tomato salad, which was amazing, and the duck confit salad (this was good but was not the highlight for me - I think the duck was a little overdone and the dressing was too heavy).  Husband had a delicious onion soup and the chicken entrée, which was amazing.  They have a $30 fixed price menu which is a bargain, and a very good wine list.  The restaurant itself has a great space - they've restored an old warehouse in a very classy way that gives it a very cool vibe.  The food is similar to Parc, but the atmosphere is completely different.  As a side note, the bread and butter they brought out before our food were some of the best I've had this side of the Atlantic.Incredible to me that you could have this many people working and screw up so many things.  Literally more people working then dining. 
The family and I went for dinner-slow service, overcooked EVERYTHING, barely shaken drinks, bad shrimp, heirloom tomatoes that were mushy, dirty water glass, warm water, kids menu but nothing but tall water glasses to drink from, no salt on anything and none on table.   Beautiful space with no one doing it service. Shame.Food was really good. Raw oysters were fresh. I only gave 4 stars because it was a Birthday and they did not do anything nice from the restaurant like a small dessert or anything. Otherwise it was a really enjoyable dinner. Will go again.Let me just start off by saying the service was great, very friendly and always checked in on us....the one star is for the atrocious , inedible food.
 We ordered the blueberry beignets, salmon gravlax and fried cheese curds.  All there were just awful...when they served the beignets, it was noticeably burnt. Not sure if they thought sprinkling powdered sugar would mask it, but we were already off to a bad start. The taste matched the exterior, really gummy and dense, which is not how a beignet should be. Next, the salmon gravlax, two failed attempts of poached eggs served on limp boiled asparagus with a watery dill sauce with no seasoning. Finally, the cheese curds, hard to mess that one up, but the cheese was tough and tasted like it was just reheated. The potion size was also tiny, 6 tiny beignets, two BADLY poached eggs on a bed of soggy asparagus and a tiny ramekin of cheese curds??? I have NEVER had such a terrible brunch experience in Philly.Great meal, great wait staff! Pizza appetizer was amazing, tagliatelle awesome and creme Carmel for dessert was unbelievable!!Terrible service. We had to wait a ridiculous amount of time, even though we had a reservation, and our server had an attitude the whole night.Not sure what the negative reviews are about. Plates are bound to be small, even a burger, when a restaurant specializes in..... Drumroll... Small plates. 
I had a really great meal at La Peg and will definitely be returning. The service was equally impressive and the building itself is really neat. I suggest sitting upstairs if you can!I'm here at La Peg right now and yes, they do offer brunch on Sunday's and it was awesome!  It doesn't say they are open for brunch today but they are indeed open.  I had the Gruyere cheese and bacon omelet and it was amazing!  Potatoes and salad on the side were awesome too!  Definitely have the toast with the strawberry jam, it is homemade and simply delightful!  Love this place with great views of the Ben Franklin bridge.  They have live music on Fridays too so I'll be stopping back for that for sure.  Nicole is a super nice server here and she was always so helpful!  Great place and I'm happy to make this my local stop for dinner and brunch!ŪI've passed by La Peg several times and always said that I would give it a shot. It is kind of off on it's own on the north end of Columbus Blvd (across from Race Street Pier). My friend and I stopped in for dinner the other night and we were pleasantly surprised.
We were greeted by friendly hostesses and our server was very pleasant as well. We both got the French Onion Soup, which was incredible good! My friend got the Fringe Burger, which had so good. It definitely made me regret what I ordered, even though my dish was good as well! I ordered the Semolina Terrine, that had a very tasty ragu.
The atmosphere was probably the best thing about this restaurant. I loved the open layout and the upstairs section. I would love to come back and even try the beer garden outside. 
FYI - The beer garden outside looks like a lot of fun. There was plenty of outside seating, a walk-up bar and cornhole games!La Peg is the restaurant in the new Fringearts building on Columbus Blvd and what a wonderful restaurant it is. Amazing refurbished firehouse with expansive ceilings, open and lively bar and wonderful food/drinks.
Prices are reasonable
must haves
pan roasted triped bass
crab salad appetizer
lamb shoulder
Didn't have any dessert but those choices looked delicious as well.
Head on over as you won't be disappointed.Amazing brunch! It's cool that the prices are on a sliding scale that makes it easy for artists who perform in fringe to eat and cater to the audiences who might want something a little finer!We went to La Peg on December 2nd for my husband's birthday. Our 19 and 13 years old kids were with us. The ambiance is very neat, and it was not noisy so we could talk without yelling - as sometimes happens in restaurants. The food that we ordered was really tasty - among others- the steak frites and the mac and cheese. The bread was really fresh and they cut it in front of you. The service was also very attentive. My daughter had the mac and cheese and my son the steak frites. We were very pleased and had a great time! The only thing about this place is that is difficult to park around there. I suggest to try to find a parking space on Second street or on Race - on the blocks of 2nd and 3rd and then walk. It is a short walk.Please note this is a review for the dining experience and food. I am now reading several reviews of people coming here for just drinks and having a good time so i would like to qualify that we came here for the food and dining. There was just a few things throughout the night that definitely irked me to the point that it really impacted my dining experience.
With that being said we made reservations last minute here on a friday night because a lot of our favorite spots were fully booked. We had made a reservation for four at 7:45 and arrived at 7:25, and checked in with the hostess who told us our table was not ready yet. So we had a drink at the bar (which they do have a pretty nice beer list here) and waited until our table was ready. When 7:45 rolled around, they had not acknowledged us yet and i went back to them, which was literally right next to us and asked if our table was ready yet. They said it was so we followed the hostess to the upstairs dining room which was completely empty. I looked at our group and we all had the same WTF look on our faces, as to what exactly we had been waiting for. 
Anyways, our food was definitely not worth the price ($200 tab for 4). A quick summary on our food order:
 - appetizer we split 2 entree dishes, the vegetable plate and grilled cheese (the grilled cheese was somehow served with melted cheese, but not melty cheese if that makes sense b/c it was cold). The vegetable plate is listed as an entree, probably for vegetarians, but i was underwhelmed with what came out as roasted vegetable plate that would leave anyone ordering as there main plate hungry. It was 2 carrots, a few mushrooms and bruseel sprouts, a half of piece of corn on the cob, and cold potato salad. What?
- Main Entree - Burger, Ravioli, and salmon dish. The Burger was absolutely a bubba burger from Acme. I did not get feedback on the salmon, i was scared to ask. The feedback on the ravioli was that it was OK, but not worth $22.
Service, was OK - someone at our table asked for a glass of wine when their meal came out and our waiter said he would probably need a reminder. Props to him for remembering but not your seasoned wait staff.
Overall, great space but they need some serious help on the menu and execution of their dishes. I would not recommend to people dining, but i would return to try just the drinks on the patio.I was feeling like a spendy Wendy and popped in to the restaurant instead of eating the outside beer garden food this summer. 
I was pleasantly surprised. The service was excellent, the decor was great, drinks, cheese, entree all fabulous. This may have been one of my top dining experiences this year. 
Only took a star off because of the cringeworthy amount of money I spent.My fiancé and I ate here after we took our engagement pictures on race street pier and then in the beer garden. We absolutely love the industrial look/feel of la peg...it would totally be an awesome wedding venue. We have been talking about eating here ever since we ate at bistrot la minette. We didn't make a reservation and it seemed that they had some other tables available (maybe because it was later). The bread for the table was warm, fresh, and delicious! We started with the heirloom tomato salad (garbanzo bean purée with lemon), which was so refreshing. We then had the Semolina terrine (gnocchi in terrine form with porcini ragu). It had such great mushroom flavor (creamy), yum yum yum! Last, we ate the bouillabaisse (mix of seafood), which I thought was pretty small. The sauce of the bouillabaisse was very good. For French food in the city, I'm torn between here and bistrot la minette!!I stopped in la peg with a friend for an early Saturday dinner before heading over to Camden for a concert.  What struck me first is how excellent this space is - the decor is minimal and I loved the way they left some of the old structure there.  Super cool.
The drink selection at the restaurant is pleasantly good - there's something on there for everyone.  I'm a beer person, so I was very happy with the list (the prices weren't too bad) and the waiter was happy to make some suggestions.  
We split the flàmmeküeche as an appetizer.  This little thing was delicious!  It was melty, cheesy goodness with just enough of the lardon.  But be warned - this thing is tiny!  Enough for two people if you just need a quick thing to hold you over until the main course.
For my main course, I went with the boeuf bourguignon poutine.  This was salty as salty can be - I'm not overly surprised given the dish, but it was a little too salty for me.  Definitely a good hangover food, definitely not a good pregame food.  But even that said, the beef was delicious and flavorful.  I think it was the cheese and the fries that tipped the salty scale. Bummer!  (PS - Speaking of good hangover food, I mentioned to the waiter that this would be perfect for brunch if they threw an egg on it.  He said that could be done.  Do it and report back!)
Dessert! We split the blackberry key lime tart - it was delicious!  The crust was cooked perfectly and all of the flavors worked well together.  Really good - highly recommended from someone that isn't a big dessert fan.
All-in-all I wasn't blown away by la peg, but it also wasn't terrible.  The service was pretty good, prices weren't awful, and the food was okay.  I would go back if I'm in the area again.Went here on a Sunday night.  The space is unbelievably gorgeous, under the Ben Franklin in an old pump house.  The bartender, some dude with great Spicol hair, was very friendly and helpful.  The food was very good.  My wife, a vegan, got special attention from the kitchen, as the chef came out to offer her special num-nums.  My meal, rabbit pasta, bone marrow, and lobster salad was awesome, not a bad bite amongst them.  The vegan bits were awesome as well.  We will be back!The place is a fantastic local by the water and really great ambiance. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are hungry because they take a long time to seat you.
The great things to order are all the veggie small plates and this place has very small portions! Get the Mac and cheese and order a lot of the craft selections!Amazing place. Used to be a pump house to all the cities fire hydrants. Food choice and service good and match venue ambiance. Part of arts theater nice bar. Mid winter it was warm and welcoming. On offer parking $20. Parked after 6-30 two blocks away on third street for $0. 
Tastey cheeseboard. Good beer and great wine. (At least what we had). 
Recommend it for something good and different in old town.WOW!  How did this place win Best of Philly?  Maybe we hit an off-night this past Sunday, but the food was grossly subpar all-around.  My wife's blackened catfish was so salty (and burnt crisp) she could not finish it; she was chugging water the rest of the evening and had horrible indigestion.  My pork belly was roasted and seasoned well, but the dish was drowning in overcooked pea juice from the peas and carrots side dish that had obviously been prepared ours earlier.  Peas and carrots!  Back to elementary school!  My bud's roasted chicken leg took the cake, however.  With all the superior free-range chicken available, why did he receive a shriveled, dinky 7-ounce leg that looked like it came from Friday's Acme take-home rotisserie?  For $22, he expected much better.  The only highlight was my apple crisp, which was ordinarily prepared but tasted fine, topped with the homemade ice cream.  It successfully eliminated the cloying pea juice flavor from my palate.
Is this another case of voter fraud?  Did Peter Woolsey stuff the Best of Philly ballot box?  Or are the patrons just so taken with the obscure 69 beers on the list that they overlook poorly-prepared food?  I guess it doesn't really matter to me, since there are so many superior restaurants in town we won't have to consider this one again.  When will I ever learn to bypass craft brew pubs (except for Iron Hill, which is the only one that does it right) to get a good meal?Came here without a reservation right before the dinner rush and were seated promptly. If you want to sit upstairs I would probably make a reservation. I wanted to come here while visiting philly to eat right by the bridge/river. The interior/vibe of the restaurant was very hip! Got the Meat Board to start, was pretty good but they don't give you much for a meat plate so I would go for an appetizer instead of a board. We had the ribs for the main and it was to die for, would come again just for the ribs. For dessert we had the La Peg Bomb Blaster, which was  a fun a delicious way to end the meal! There's an outside seating area and games as well.The industrial feel of this place makes it stand out among the rest of the upcoming restaurants. Situated by the FringeArts, how could I not try it?
We were seated by a booth next to the live music set. The waiter was incredibly friendly, cordiale, and knew the menu so well. I'll start off by saying that everything we ordered here was so delicious and on point. Because they're mainly a tapas restaurant, we tried:
Beef Tartare: My first time having beef tartar and it was incredible. Very tender, flavourful, and succulent.
Salmon Tartare: With the balance of fish and citrusy compliments, I would recommend anyone to try this. It tasted so fresh alongside the pomegranate and persimmon. A very odd but delicious pairing. 
Scallops: Oh my goodness. I'm a big fan of scallops, but theirs was so buttery and soft, it almost melted in my mouth. Easily the best scallop I've ever had.
Duck Confit: I'm a big fan of duck, but this was probably my least favourite of the dishes. It was rather dry, and bland. It didn't leave me with any outstanding impression in contrast to everything else. 
Lamb Shoulder: I want to have a moment for this because it was absolutely delicious. Salty? Yes. But because it rested on a cheesy panade, it soaked up the sauce and saltiness. Ugh, absolutely mouth watering.
Creme Brulee: The perfect ending to the meal. It was so creamy with a twist of ginger infused custard. I could rave about this for days! 
Would I go again? Hands down yes. If you're out along the Ben Franklin Bridge visiting FringeArts, definitely consider having a meal or even a few drinks at La Peg.My girlfriend and I walk in, I immediately am struck by familiarity despite never having set foot in the place before and ask her what other restaurant she is reminded of.
"Alla Spina" 
Yes!  This is a French Alla Spina!  Big, open space with a big, open bar and big, open menu that leaves the diner with a myriad options to enjoy whether they are looking for a small snack with their drink late at night or a small drink with their meal a bit earlier on.  So it's a French Alla Spina with a twist of Red Owl Tavern in terms of layout.  Not a big fan of either of those places otherwise but you know what I'm talkin' about.
Other thoughts:
The food: overall above average but nothing blew us away.  Onion soup is always worth getting, especially as the temperature drops.  Beef tartare was excellent - great mustard twang but still refined as God intended raw beef to be.  The Parisian should never be skipped;  $7 for a simply great sandwich on a perfect baguette.  Potato rosti was meh but pretty sure the bone marrow increased MY blood cell count in a certain area if you know what I mean with it's lovely gooeyness.  Gross!
Drinks: $6 for an excellent 16oz. stout (I forget what it was).  I had two.  Girlfriend had a glass of the Lionel Osmin La Vie en Rosé and really enjoyed it.  Overall great place even if you're sticking to liquids.  Will explore.
Service: No complaints honestly.  Was it refined?  Not entirely but it's not really the type of place I'd expect that.  Surprised to see so many complaining about the service on here as we had no issues whatsoever.
The crowd: surprisingly old and mean.  Maybe Rittenhouse or Society Hill types?  Also had some Fringe Arts-y people mixed in.  On one side we had sum old folks moving the lamps around because it was in their eyes, causing darkness to befell our table and others. On the other was a middle-aged doctor (yeah, I was listening) who would enthusiastically yell "YUM!" every time the waiter brought another dish.  The worst.
Other thoughts: If you can, get a table on the upper level.  Where are you supposed to park near here?  We felt like doing some walking so parked fairly far away on purpose but otherwise what are your options?  The Dave and Busters garage? Nuh-uh, that place is a ZOO.  Could present an issue.
Overall we both loved it and will be back many, many times so have to give it 5-stars.  Can see this being our go-to place other than Good King Tavern which is smaller but nice because it's walkable from my house and similarly solid.This is a really pretty beer garden and fun party atmosphere. On a Friday evening they had an outdoor DJ playing awesome music, but it was too loud in my opinion. It was hard to have a conversation with someone even just on the other side of the picnic table. I love a loud music, party atmosphere, but that's not what a beer garden should be about I don't think.
I can't speak to their food as we didn't eat. Both B and I liked our cocktails from the outdoor bar but they were pretty pricey - $12 for a vodka mixed drink is excessive. I'll pay $12 for a real cocktail, but the value just wasn't there for one drink. Maybe we'd've been happier if we'd ordered beer, but we didn't stay for more than the one drink.I visited this restaurant last night with my significant other and another couple and we were not impressed with the food.
My boyfriend ordered the steak frites, which consisted of a filet mignon and a very large serving of fries. Although the steak was good, the french fries that came with the meal were so overly salted that he couldn't eat more than 2 or three fries. He was also a bit disappointed because the menu didn't state the type of cut the steak would be and since he was unable to eat the fries that came with the meal, he was still hungry after the meal (he was hoping for a different cut of steak, specifically something larger.)
My friends and I had different types of sandwiches. I had the Americaine burger and it was nothing special. It was on a baguette and the fries were inside the burger. The construction of the entire sandwich was strange and it was difficult to eat.
For such an underwhelming experience, this place is too expensive. With the steak frites alone being almost $30, it was so disappointing. Furthermore, our discontent with the food was never fully expressed because our server never asked how our meal was. I regret not speaking up about the sub-par quality of the food.
Beside that, the location is beautiful. It has the lofty look of a converted warehouse. We also had different types of local beers, which were also good. 
This would be a great place for happy hour outside but for an actual meal, you wold be much better off at any of the nearby locations.Went here for a family holiday dinner on Friday evening and everything was fabulous. The atmosphere was wonderful with that gastropub feel. The service was on point throughout the night; the waiter went the extra effort to explain in detail a few of his favorite entrees. The bartender also made up some fun alcohol free cocktails for the non drinkers in our group. Everyone's dishes were delicious from the foie gras to the mac n cheese. I had the duck confit as my entree and it was perfect. The cocktail, wine and beer list was expansive as well. I would highly recommend this to a group of friends, family or even a casual date spot.We had a great time here last night. It was was only my second time here. I have never eaten here however. Just drinks both times. The first time here was the first week it opened and the outside was yet to be set up. The inside is very industrial chic. My girlfriends and I sat at the bar where drinks were fairly priced and served to us by a cute bartender who was both quick and nice. 
Parking was a pain the first time however. I believe the meters only take quarters. How in the world is that still possible?! Ugh. Pain in the ass!! Nothing like hopping back and forth Del Ave in heels in the dark to cash in dollars a rose the way. Not cool. 
Last night parking was a cinch! Plenty of spots available and a bunch of the meters were broken although we remembered to bring our quarters this time. Go figure. 
I mean, this view you can't beat it! Sitting under Ben is just so pretty. This time the outside was all set up and chill. It was a bunch of us so we sat at a picnic table. The traffic on 95 is Ehh and when the train goes by on the bridge isn't the best, but who cares really on a gorgeous night. The little bar hut was cute. The bartenders were super friendly and quick. The drinks were GREAT! I had "The Overture". So yum! Blood orange with champs and vodka. So good! The complimentary help yourself carafes of chilled water are a nice touch too! There was a bumpin' DJ and the crowd was getting into him! Saw pics later on Instagram of the samba band stopping by. Perhaps it's to promote the Brazilian Fest tom on the river. 
I really need to get back and check out a show. I LOVE Fringe Arts and the idea of this place!! I love that when you go to the restrooms you are actually backstage. Pretty cool. Very unique space.This place is not worth the hype. I had heard good things because of the cool space, and I was indeed impressed with the old factory venue, but that wasn't enough for me. The food was extremely small portions and very expensive. The wait staff was very unresponsive. It took forever for me and my girlfriend to get our waters refilled. We struggled to get the check for awhile. Overall, I was very unimpressed, although the restaurant itself was aesthetically pleasing.Came here with a group of 6 for dinner.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the architecture. You feel like you are in the early 1900's building with really cool decorations.  Our waiter was so cool, social and friendly. He gave really good recommendations and checked up on us.   We all ordered different mix drinks which were all pretty strong and enjoyable. For appetizers we ordered oysters and salmon tar tar, both were pretty good.  For entrè my girl and I split a duck. We thought it was just ok and nothing to brag about.  For dessert we had creme brûlée and it was really good.  This place is awesome in the summer time and has outside seating across the  street from the Delaware River.  Ive never sat outside, but drove by all the time and its always packed and looks fun.  Cant wait for summer time  to come back and have a drink outside.  Cool place.My summary below. Scroll further down for details:
- Food was average, nothing spectacular. 
- Service was very slow.
- Ambience was nice (inside, outside and the view of the bridge).
- I would not return for a meal, but maybe to have some drinks at the nice bar outside.
Food: 2 out of 5; nothing spectacular, got the $45 for four entree deal. (Small salad was average, steak tar tare were small diced cubes that tasted like Dijon mustard, lamb was above average and tender, ice cream was solid)
Service: 1 out of 5; it was bad due to the long wait for our food despite the waiter being ok. First, we had reservations, but waited 30 minutes to be seated; second, it took 2.5 hours to serve our 4 course meal (the $45 deal).  Keep in mind these are tapas-sized plates.  The bread was quite good and probably what kept me from giving this a one star review.
Ambience: 3.5 out of 5; considering it's next to the bridge, has the nice bar outside and the cool industrial look inside with high ceilings and good lighting. It was loud (just an FYI as we were ok with it). Talking was loud but there was some good live music.Awesome ambiance and design. Amazing drink selection is a must when waiting for reservations - if you can grab a drink outside and take it the riverfront while listening to the bridge.
Got some small plates while there because the main dishes are a little more pricey, but definitely worth it. I got the pork confit sandwich and stole a few of my girlfriend's poutine. Both were outstanding and just filling enough to not be too much. I also got a beginner course of cheddar and an apple sauce. 
Definitely recommend it, especially if you're  going to the Piers or just out and about.What a cool place. Old pump house that has maintained it's original look. Christopher our server was friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. Drinks were perfect. My clambake entree had clams, mussels, scallops, lobster, corn and potatoes. My family also enjoyed pot roast, scallops, and a perfect cheeseburger. Oysters from PEI were an amazing appetizer. Quality food at half the price of a Rittenhouse Square restaurant. Go and enjoy.Let me start off with a disclaimer. I am a Bistrot La Minette superfan. No really- I named my cat after that restaurant. Chef P. Woolsey and his crew have repeatedly served classic French cuisine and ambiance to satisfy my Francophile disposition.
When I saw the news that LP was opening in FringeArts, I wasn't aware that they literally meant the lobby. What they've done with the interior of the previously stark FA building is truly artful, creating a bi-level restaurant with the bar as the main focus. 
Conflicts of interest aside, my Thursday experience with my girlfriend at LP definitely exhibited the elements of a truly successful brassiere style restaurant. Here are my thoughts:
Cocktails-
I had the Intermission, which I found very refreshing as I was expecting something more Negroni-style. My girlfriend had the French 75 which was right on, although they could have used a more inspiring gin than Beefeater.
I think this local provides ample opportunity for a "craft-cocktail" scene- a place some creativity can go a long way with the guests. I noticed that most of the drinks were rum/sweet based- not my particular go to when thinking about brassieres. I would like to see some adoption of spirits that lend themselves to the concept of the restaurant. Perhaps some new takes on chartreuse/armangacs/cognacs cocktails (already offered as digestives/aperitifs alone) would be a good addition to their signature cocktails.
I really appreciated their beer list. PA is heavily represented, with only one french beer on tap. Bottles showed more diversity, mostly European. I hope they take advantage of Trappist-style beers produced across the US (particularly those from Allagash in Maine).
Great wine list, although
The menu-
Covering a range of cultures, the menu is perhaps a little diverse for the concept of a frenchy/borderline Germanic brassiere. We played along though, trying the Pho Consommé. I found the broth to be both rich and complex, similar to the other pho joints on Washington Ave. Oxtail ravioli was a treasure. While I liked it, I am not sure where it fit into the context of the rest of the meal.
Seared scallops were fantastic and probably the best thing we ate- no surprise as we know P. Woolsey can cook a scallop.
I was really looking forward to the burger. But do to some service issue it came out room temperature. We ate it anyway because it was delicious, and we wanted to extrapolate the flavor of the real thing at temperature for a future visit. I think the flavors were earthy but slightly sweet. Paired with the fries, it was a real treat (and this is coming from someone who lives next door and frequents to the Royal Tavern). I enjoyed it with a Kronenbourg on tap.
At this point we were also served two mysterious dipping sauces, presumably for the fries although they might have been for the pho. We didn't ask for clarification and proceeded to enjoy the sauces with the fries. One was a sriracha base and the other was hoisin. While I really enjoyed them, I think some type of aioli would have worked better.
We also ordered a side of spinach with shallots- delicious sauce!
Finished with crème brûlée because I cannot make it at home. I haven't had better.
Throughout all this there were a number of services issues with our order. Our kind waiter noticed this, and invited P. Woolsey over to talk it out. All-in-all they made it up to us (probably with the influence from Mike Slavin, a true gem in restaurant management they brought over from BLM). For only being open 3 weeks now, there is a lot of promise at this place.
Please do something about the menus. They are awkwardly large and difficult to digest as presented.
I'll be back, not just because of my love for BLM, but because the shortest commute to the equivalent brasserie would involve going to Montréal- and that's just not in the cards. Good work guys- consider poutine on the apps list at some point, maybe?Great service and atmosphere! The food was fresh and delicious, decor is simply refreshing. If you can grab a seat outdoorsTourists that the four of us were, we were looking for a place to eat within walking distance of our Holiday Inn hotel, in the 95 degree heat.
What a fantastic suprise! We had a wonderful fine dining experience in a casual, pleasant atmosphere. Our server, Sergio, was the best, keeping our beverages filled and regaling us with the history of the building...a pump house for the fire house way back in the day.
My entree was pork belly ravioli, and the others enjoyed spaghetti and meatballs, half a chicken and seabass with succotash.
Dessert was apple crumble withice cream and creme brulee.
All delicious and a fab experience! I only wish I could take La Peg back to Seattle with me...I really really really want to love this place.  Support the arts come to the waterfront get out of the tourist zone yada yada.  However the food just didn't measure up.  The white fish appetizer was the best thing we had.  Other than that steak was overdone, sides were too salty, and soup was too thick. The cocktail tasted like a cheap gin and tonic that had been colored with a splash of juice.   The outdoor patio and bar menus would look to be the strong points of this place.Diese Restaurant mir dem "Haas Biergarten" erwartet man nicht unbedingt an dieser Stelle.
Das Essen im Restaurant war top, der Service exzellent und wenn man nur ein Bier und einen Burger will sitzt man toll im Biergarten neben der Franklin Bridge. Zugegebenermaßen ist es durch die Brücke und die nahe  Straße etwas laut - deshalb auch keine 5 Sterne.Third time we were here. Food was good but it took an hour to get out. Manager was a jerk when asked where it was. Not sure I'll be back.It was great when it was still French and interesting. Now it's apparently an "American brasserie" and it has a menu full of cop-out selections--the stuff you order when there's nothing else you like: salmon, roast chicken, spaghetti and meatballs, grilled cheese... I had the mac & cheese and it was runny and not very good at all. We were so devastated by the menu after having enjoyed it so much the first time when it was French a year ago. The mixology was not exactly Philly-appropriate either: my boyfriend's Manhattan wasn't right, and my so-called Hemingway Daquiri was made wrong and in the wrong type glass. The space is still awesome, but the menu, drinks, service, and overall experience is meh at best now. It's really a terrible shame.Flammekeuche - 3.5/5 the thick cut bacon was more like pork belly which made the dish.  Not the best flammekeuche I've had but it grew on me the more I ate it.
Toast Forestiere - 4.5/5 chanterelle mushrooms in a mushroom sauce. Great, creamy, earthy flavor. Decent with the accompanying toast, great on it's own. I could've drank/eaten the entire dish.
Onion Soup Gratinee - 4.5/5 French onion soup. Huge croutons. Bold flavor, solid French onion soup broth. Cheese could've been a little gooier.
Butternut Squash Soup - 3.5/5 Another good soup. Spiced pecans in the soup was a good addition. Good butternut squash flavor. A little too rich that I could only eat half.
Salmon - 3/5 Standard. Nothing I'm excited about or not like. Maybe a little on the blander side for my taste. More sauce would've worked. Cooked medium rare was perfect.
Duck Confit - 4.5/5 Well the skin was 4.5 & the meat was 4. Perfect skin, fat melted under the skin yet the skin stayed crispy. Asparagus were grilled well. Orange sauce went well with it.
Lamb Shank - 4/5 Generous portions. Tender, falls right off the bone. The sauce could've been bolder but I dig bold sauces.
Creme brulee - 5/5 That was my favorite creme brulee although it wasn't done like a traditional creme brulee. The inside was more creamy and the sugar layer was thicker but I really like that it was done that way. It had a strong vanilla flavor which did it for me.
Mint chocolate chip ice cream -  4/5 - holy fresh mint, which was really cool. Consistency was a little off.
Mousse cake - 4/5 - Really good creamy mousse layered between standard cake. Great finish for chocolate lovers.We came here a few times for a work trip since it was a few feet down from the hotel. The drinks varied from $4-$10 and the sandwiches were $7 each besides the lobster roll which was $15. Coming from Boston $15 for a lobster roll is a bargain so we had to try. We also sampled the fries (shoestrings) for $4. Over all the lobster roll was average I would say 6.5/10. Had a spice mixed with which gave it an interesting taste that I was not used to. La Peg has a great atmosphere and we saw them setting up for their movies on the deck concept. Since this place was convenient to go to I would come back again but I would not go out of my way to eat here.My review is based solely on going to have a few drinks as we had just ate on the other side of the bridge. We walked inside and it was a welcoming vibe. But decided to sit outside and have a few drinks. For outdoor drinks, you walk up to the bar and order yourself. Our bartender was friendly and our drinks were delicious!! Perfectly refreshing for the hot weather. We had one called a stage left (aperol, tequila, lemon juice, and triple sec). We tried to go back as our last stop back to jersey but they were booked for a private event. Those drinks alone are worth going back for. Next time I will be trying the food. You should too. ENJOY!!!What an incredible setting! 
There's  great view of the Ben Franklin bridge and the restaurant inside is very beautiful. It has a unique decor. Another special feature, is the fact, that in this space there's a theater, a bar, a restaurant, and a beer garden (Can't wait for summer!). It's one of those places that can accommodate a large crowd of people without looking to congested. 
This gem is so isolated compared to the rest of the city restaurants. Came here for Saturday brunch with two of my friends. We called to reserve a table. Even though it wasn't necessary. We asked to be seated in the second floor, where there was no one at that time. Our server was really nice. I got the Eggs Benedict. It seemed that the portion was going to be very small to satisfy my huge hunger  after I had a very intense, morning gym session. To my surprise, I was very full and I even skipped the biscuit. The eggs were very fresh - I can tell from the yolk's color.
I had a lovely experience at brunch and so did my friends. Definitely, I would like to experience more of this setting. There's a huge chance that I will be back here multiple times over the summer. Should be the perfect place!LOVE the ambiance here. The place is pretty new and as soon as you walk in it feels like you walked into a giant warehouse/loft style apartment. They even have outdoor seating. We came here for drinks and snacks and sat at the bar. There was no wait at all for the bar, infact the place was a little empty. I got a cider and a side of fries and the fries came in a little mini fry-basket. Way too cute! I really need to get one of those for my place.  They offer a lot of small dishes and tapas style. I thought the wines were a tiny bit pricey so I went with the cider. Cute place to go get a few drinks!! Stick to beer and cider if you don't want to break your bank.La Peg is a restaurant connected to the Fringe Arts performance space, and can be combined with the performance space via a large, sound-proof door.  The space is very cool, as it's an old high-pressure water pumping station that used to provide water pressure for center city and northeast fire hydrants.  The space is very industrial-chic, and much of the original interior fittings of the building have been preserved.  The menu is French Brasserie, and is certainly not large, but not minimal, either.  We enjoyed French Onions soup, charcuterie, a burger, and salmon.  Everything was prepared nicely, and the service was good.  This is a unique venue, and even better if you can combine dinner with a show in the same building.Went recently and enjoyed the service, food and ambiance.
Kind of an industrial feel, the menu was eclectic with small plates and entrees. The salmon was wonderfully cooked to perfection. The pea soup was pleasant but the flavor was very understated.
Good beer selection on draft and bottle.
Our wait person was great, checking on us all the time, keeping the water glasses full, making pleasant conversation. 
This prices were modest for the quality of the food. Worth a visit if you are I the Penn Landing area.We came here for Father's Day brunch! My entire family absolutely loved this spot, my dad says this is his new favorite spot in philly. Food and drinks were amazing and the atmosphere and history is rich. The music adds a nice mix of old and new. Ask your server about the history and it's interesting! Would be an awesome venue for a unique wedding party too. Five stars!We were a group of 5 there for drinks and desserts on a recent Saturday night.  Coffees and beers were fine as were pies, cake and ice cream.  We found 4 friends sitting at the table next to ours having full dinners.  I can't give details but they were pleased with their food.  The atmosphere here is eclectic and inviting.  It was an old water pumping station.  They did a terrific job of keeping some of the old equipment - gauges, piping, etc.  and adding great lighting and other modern fixtures.  It's wonderful to sit on the mezzanine and look down on the bar and out the big windows.Didn't eat here so can't comment on the food but we grabbed a few drinks at the outdoor beer garden and hung outside on newly renovated patio of Fringe Arts. They offer beers from different parts of the world. I really liked the Du Monde from Quebec. There are also a few cocktails and wines on the menu but it's mostly beer-centric. The atmosphere is perfect. What's better than sitting outside across from Race Street Pier and gazing at the crystal clear water of the river George Washington crossed?La Peg Score: 13
Burger Quality: 2
Bun: 1
Fries: 3
Extras:  1
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: It's a burger for Smurfs, small and petite, just like their name. Keeping the theme, the building, location and outdoor beer garden are all cool like All-Star Snork. 
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)The outside beer garden is great on a nice spring or summer night and the 3rd Friday drag shows are fun too! Also a nice big bar inside with a nice ambiance. 
The food (dinner) was okay, nothing special, so 5 stars for outside beer garden and inside bar, 3 stars for dinner.La Peg is certainly a great place to stop by if you're catching an event at FringeArts and for drinks if you're in the area.
The drink menu has an extensive list of beers and wines, so you should not have a problem locating several choices you'd like.  And indeed, the beers and wines sampled were tasty.
I got to sample some of the dishes.  The poutine french fries were a standout.  I don't typically partake in fries, but these were tasty and crispy -- even after they lost their initial heat; and the accompanying onions and meat added extra yumminess to the dish.  The octopus, on the other hand, was merely okay and, thus, disappointing in both texture and taste.  
The space is very nice, both the building itself and the bar/restaurant set up.  However, they appear to lack coat hangers and should seriously consider adding hooks under the bar -- it's inexpensive and hugely useful.  
Food and drinks are on the pricey side, though not excessively so.  Service was prompt.Tough call on whether to make this a 2 or 3 star review. I dined here on Saturday evening with my wife. It was challenging to find parking but once we did and entered the restaurant we were very impressed by the design/architecture. Clearly the building is a center piece and they deserve kudos for this - it is cool. And outside there's an informal beer garden. We were seated upstairs, which felt a tiny bit removed from all the activity, but certainly kept it quiet so we didn't need to raise our voices to have a conversation. So it worked fine up there.
Unfortunately, they seemed totally overwhelmed by the volume of people there. From what our waiter said, they had at least two kitchen staff out for unexpected emergency reasons, really impacting kitchen speed. This caused huge delays; it took us nearly 20 minutes to see someone to order a drink, over 45 minutes to get any appetizers (a salad and grilled octopus) or even bread and butter, and it was probably another 35-45 minutes to get our entrees. The waiter also explained they were down on bartenders and they wait staff were apparently making their own drinks. All told our meal probably took around 2 1/4 - 2 1/2 hours.
The tables on either side of us had similar issues - it seems everyone was being apologized to regarding food & drink preparation times. Our waiter was of course apologetic and credited us a drink, which was nice. 
The food itself, when we eventually got it, was actually quite good. I'd consider returning to try it again on the strength of the food and the unique space, but they have a bunch of service issues to resolve first.Went for free outdoor movie showing and dinner. Great atmosphere and views at the outside bar, service was great and quick in spite of being packed and everything we tried from the bar menu was fresh grilled and delicious.  The prawns were awesome, my boyfriend had the burger with no complaints.three stars binches
- the fried cheese curds were amazing!!!
-the waiter was annoying the whole time. when we ordered cheese curds, he said "just cheese curds?" in a rude way. when we asked for more bread after we had ordered creme brulee, he acted as if that was such a bizarre thing. omg and also he touched some of our bread with his bare hands which was gross
-the creme brulee was great though
cons are the waiter and the priceNot getting this place. Food was ok and service at the bar was not at all what I expected.  Just a little disappointed for having such an amazing space.We'll, I can't review the food because we never got to try it. We are in Philly for a race and decided to get something light for a late dinner.  We walk in and head over to the hostess stand.  The first thing we hear and see is a man who appears to be the manager screaming and yelling profanities at the young women behind the hostess stand. He appeared to be angry that one of them sat a particular table.  We told the girls why we were leaving, turned around and walked out. One of the young ladies ran after us to apologize. We told her he should be apologizing. Not her.  I'd give zero stars if I could.We had our wedding here in November 2016 and cannot recommend the staff, the space, or the food highly enough.  We wanted to throw a big party for all our friends and family - no ceremony since we were already married in New York - and La Peg was the perfect venue for us to realize our vision.  In particular, working with Liz, their special events coordinator, was a dream.  She was clear, consistent, and coordinated everything so that we didn't have to do much on our end.  Our guests raved about the food and the service from both bartenders and servers. 
Best of all is the space itself: gorgeously decorated, nice big windows with a great view of the Bridge and the river.  We really appreciated La Peg's flexibility with the whole party, and found it to be perfectly accommodating and a great space.  Coming from Brooklyn, we also found the price to be very reasonable (we rented out the whole place on a Saturday night in November for 6 hours).  Highly recommend for a special event!This is a nice new place, that I tried really hard to like.  The decor is fantastic giving an industrial/hipster vibe, and to our pleasant surprise a couple nights ago when we dined there, there was even live music!  
Alcohol is unusually expensive for mixed drinks that are at best average as they try to spin off of bar classics (most mixed drinks are north of $10) 
Food wise, the dishes were quite good with my only concern is that portion side is on the anorexic end.  The bread and butter was the main contributor to me leaving full that night.  Being that we went with a large party
My biggest concern about this place is the pace of the kitchen, most likely due to the novelty of the venue, it took rougly an hour between each course to be served, which led to the need for multiple refills of bread at our table.  Our seating was at 9pm and the first course didnt hit our table until about 10:00 and mind you the posted closing time is 11pm on Saturday.  We did not leave until 12:30am.
Overall if the kitchen can expedite more quickly and cohesively put together a timely dinner service, this place would be a hit.  Until then, I'm not sure the world is still keen on 4 courses taking 3.5 hrs.
COME HERE ONLY IF YOU HAVE TIME TO KILL.My husband and I went to La Peg last night, looking for someplace new to try in the neighborhood and wanting a satisfying meal.  We absolutely ended up at the right place- it was one of the best meals I've had in the city in a long time.  I read some of the other reviews here on yelp, and it's possible that a recent menu change made a big difference in our experience but honestly, the meal was incredible. We were informed by our waiter that just this week, chef decided to switch from a tapas menu to a more traditional app/entree approach. We had a half carafe of wine (love when restaurants ofder carafes of house wine, felt very traditional to a Parisian brasserie), 2 cheeses and 2 apps. My husband's pho consommé was delicious and the portion was much bigger than we expected for an app. Honestly, it would have been a perfect lunch. I had the snails and even requested more bread so I could enjoy the garlicky oil down to the last drop.  For our entrees we ordered the salmon and 1/2 chicken and both were perfect.  I liked the chicken so much I don't know how I could go back and not keep getting it.  Finally, we shared the hazelnut cream puff for dessert. A perfect end to the meal. While the seating was a bit cramped, I really wouldn't have changed anything about the food or service.  It combined the best of both worlds- a comforting meal that felt like home with the French tradition that reminded me of my favorite moments from past vacations.  In terms of cost, I found it to be very affordable.  Total bill was 109, and we had 3 apps, 2 entrees, drinks and dessert! We eat out a lot and La Peg is sure to become a go to..I'd recommend it to anyone, but particularly to those people who wrote negative reviews when the restaurant first opened. I honestly don't think we ate at the same place and if anyone could be unsatisfied by the meal and experience we had, you shouldn't be dining out at new restaurants in the city,This is a great place to eat. The ambiance is casual, dark and low lit. Architecture is very industrial looking. It's directly across the street from the bridge so it's fitting. Anyway, I went for the $30 menu which gets you soup/salad, entree and dessert. Soup was a Butter nut squash - super good. Entree was 1/2 Roasted chicken with French Fries - so very good. I got to near the end of my 2nd half and found some blood. I was displeased with this but the manager and server were very understanding about this. They took it back to the cook and assured it was cooked all the way through and the blood was actually from a near vein. Regardless, they hooked me up with a double single malt of talisker's 10 year scotch! Dessert was a Chocolate cake and it was grand. Wifey would've loved it. Sorry boo :)We went for restaurant week last week for the first time. The building is really cool, has high ceilings. I ordered a St Germain cocktail and a martini which were great. I had the quail appetizer and trout entree which were 4/5. My husbands NY strip was well done and he has ordered it Medium, so that was really the only bad part. We did not feel rushed which is nice because that can be a common theme for Restaurant Week. I would be willing to go back and try some other dishes on their menu.I was hoping for and expecting more for this fantastic new space. The staff lacked experience and the food was well below average. The bar staff was better and seemed a bit more in tune with customer service.  I had dinner twice at La Peg and did not enjoy either meal, this was worsened by poor, unattentive and on occasion a rude wait staff. Hopefully management will improve food and service.This was a tough one to narrow down to just one rating. 
5 stars for atmosphere
4 stars for drinks
3 stars for food
We took advantage of the amazing weather last night to eat outside at Haas Biergarten. The location is 5 star worthy, with a great view of the Delaware river and Ben Franklin bridge and the traffic noise isn't actually too bad. They also have games like bags and giant connect 4 set up. I really appreciated that even on a friday night it was still a very laid back atmosphere. I got a draft beer ($5) and boyfriend got a (very strong) cocktail ($10). For dinner, I got the lobster roll. The lobster was great! But it was served on what I think was just a store bought hot dog bun. I was not a fan of the potato salad or slaw, they both had the same flavor which I couldn't quite pinpoint that I didn't love. Boyfriend got the fish and chips. He is not too hard to please when it comes to dishes he knows he likes such as fish and chips, but when asked for his opinion on the meal he responded "I liked the fries." 
I will definitely be back for drinks and would maybe try to the fried clams.Indoor bartender is a misogynist dick who tells the same lame joke to every male-female pair of customers. Lose the tubby gray-haired contingent, and I'll write the review you otherwise deserve.This is the best place!!! Amazing food, awesome staff, and the La Peg Burger is amazing! (would've taken a pic...but we ate it too fast) Then the free movie screening was set up very well and very comfortable. This place is a definite must go on anyone's list.Having passed by La Peg several times, I was really intrigued by the cool exterior. At night, they have these really beautiful lights on their outside patio and it's definitely a plus that they converted a 100 year old firehouse pumping station into such a beautiful restaurant. They also have a beautiful water-side view of North Delaware River. However, that morning, the place seemed kind of dead when we went. There was no one really there, the staff did not seem lively, and there was no ambiance in any form. 
However, the food was not as amazing or as inventive as I would have liked. They had a lot of brunch staples, which while well-executed did not manage to excite me very much. At the same time, food was cheap. Nothing was more than $20. We ordered: 
RICOTTA BEIGNETS: This was probably the star of the meal. They were extremely soft, fluffy, and tasty. The jams that came with it perfectly complemented the dish as well. Presentation though could have been improved. 
CORNED BEEF HASH: It was a bit oily but it was a solid dish that was well-cooked. I'm not sure that this is something I would go back for. I could have just ordered wrong. 
All in all, maybe we were just in on an off-day but I'd still give this place a second chance especially cause it's so pretty inside. I'd think of coming back for dinner or for a different meal.If I just had the bread and cocktails, I'd give it 5 stars. Those were delicious, and the atmosphere is fun. The dinner was disappointing. $21 for risotto that was neither especially creamy nor flavorful. In my group, we had another disappointing risotto, overcooked octopus, mediocre pork confit sandwich, and nondescript salads. The duck confit and salmon got rave reviews, but 2/7 ain't great. Service was also not attentive.First and foremost, the ambiance is awesome!! The views of the Ben Franklin Bridge and the industrial feel are great. 
The food was just ok. The bread is delicious, they cut up fresh baguettes right next to your table. For an appetizer, we started with the macaroni gratin which was good but needed salt and pepper. I had the salmon which I liked but nothing to write home about. My mom had the beef tartar which was incredibly smokey and she had to send it back. She also has the lobster salad - mediocre and the escargot which was ok. We finished with the la peg ice cream Sunday which sounded much more delectable in it's description but it was pretty much just soft serve ice cream with some whip cream on top.
I wasn't impressed with the service either. Our waiter was a nice guy but had very little knowledge of the menu. We had to ask for a chiller for our white wine and he could barely articulate the special.
Overall, I'd come back for a drink and an app solely for the ambiance but would probably forgo another dinner.Loved the Brussel Sprouts!!  Also liked the Clown Shoes Clementine . Very cool place I want to go back.we had our wedding at la peg and it was magical! The GM and Assistant GM were amazing - easy to communicate with, understood our style and provided that extra something.
the space is gorgeous - industrial city feel but with a beautiful water view.
the food was amazing - we opted for heavy snack and no sit down dinner. the highlights were the pea soup, cheese curds, grilled cheese, and the sliders.
they were also extremely helpful with our vendors, food carts, and cake delivery.
if you are looking for a unique wedding or special event in the city - definitely look here!Came here for restaurant week and although it was alright I wouldn't give it anything over 3 stars. For restaurant week I was happy we could get more than just a $35 entree but my steak was well overcooked and my tomatoes were just OK. My fiancé had the raviolis which were better but hard to think it's worth it.I enjoyed a lovely dinner here the other night for Restaurant week which was highlighted by the appetizers, drinks, and the service. I had been here once previously for brunch, but I had never been for dinner so I was looking forward to seeing how the food was. Overall, I would give the drinks a 4, food a 3, and the atmosphere and service a 5, bringing me to my 4 average.
For drinks, we splurged a bit. My group of three had a couple different of their cocktail options including El Diablo, a gin option, a vodka option, and a whiskey option (I know we have problems with mixing liquors). They were all really good and I would take a guess to say that all of their cocktails are probably delicious considering what I saw on tables around me.
Appetizer: We shared the Hudson valley foie gras, New England clam chowder, and oysters Rockefeller. Foie Gras was velvety-smooth and had great flavor, complemented well by the syrup it was drizzled with. The clam chowder had great consistency and cream flavor, but could've had for more clam flavor/clams. The oysters Rockefeller had great flavor, especially with the garlicky spinach that topped the oyster.
Entrees: We shared the chicken breast, pork tenderloin, and NY strip. The chicken breast had great flavor and the skin was nice a crunchy with out of this world mashed potatoes. The pork was a bit of a disappointment as it was chewy and seemed a but over cooked. The strip steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and we all really loved the bourbon drizzle. Overall the flavors and preparation were good, but we were a little disappointed in the plating. More could be done with the presentation style of the entrees, for sure.
For desset, we had both of the restaurant week options and they were good, nothing superb, just good. 
Our waitress, I think her name was Ann, was amazing!! Super kind, funny, attentive, and knowledgeable. She made the entire experience.Very cool space, converted pumping station, beautifully re-purposed into a beer garden, restaurant & entertainment space. We ate dinner inside before the show. Great burgers, french fries & delightful chocolate cake. Our waiter stopped by to check on us every few minutes. Fun, friendly atmosphere with wonderful views of the Ben Franklin Bridge, the Delaware River & the skyline.Bartenders were so nice and top notch. Drinks were good. Only thing I have to complain about were the hostesses who were blatantly talking rudely about us in hearing distance for no reason :/. Hope the owner can figure out something about people who just enjoy being rude.I am absolutely appalled by the way my family and I were just treated by the host at this establishment.  We thought we could try something new this evening but upon entering and seeing the 5 other people dining we were asked if we had a reservation. After looking around at the very empty place I then said to the host "Do we need one right now " ..after pretending to look at the tablet he told us to hold on and ran off up the steps . My family and I said to ourselves forget it at this point no appetite for this place . We will never return . I guess they never seen an elegant Latin lesbian couple with a handsome son . !! Thumbs down !First off...amazing space. Beautiful what they did to bring this building and location back to life. Thumbs up to Fringe Arts and the architects involved.
Regarding the food...it was pretty underwhelming in several respects. For example, the pho had literally one piece of beef and one dumpling. I understand that it's meant to be a smaller portion, but the ratio of substantial (meat) to unsubstantial (noodles) ingredients was extremely low. We also ordered the $30 tasting which included a "half chicken with fries"...it came out as literally two small chicken legs, and fries with nothing to dip them in. The mac and cheese was also underseasoned/bland. On a positive note, the salad apps were pretty tasty.
Also, we checked the menu before sitting down. Nowhere on the menu itself did it state that this was a small plates/tapas restaurant, so they should work on that communication/expectations.
Bottom line: go for the ambiance, but the food experience is underwhelming.Drinks were amazing! After dinner we went outside and drank in the beer garden and it was fantastic. loved the atmosphere and the fries were also delicious!This weekend was stressful as heck. Like, you don't even know.
To shake it off before the workweek and to kick off this summer's installment of Restaurant Week, I made a reservation here. I've been wanting to try La Peg since they opened so RW seemed like the perfect time to try a few dishes.
My first impression of their space was aligned with what everyone else has said here. It's awesome! Such a great industrial yet welcoming place.
We were seated near the window up a few steps with a great view of the bridge and beer garden. [I'll definitely be heading back someday for that beer garden!]
Our server was super helpful with the RW menu. I had way too many questions -- and basically said: "Chicken or steak frites? Pick, please."
For my meal, I opted for the macaroni and cheese, half chicken (okay, the server chose that, but still), and the sundae. Note that the mac is incredibly cheesy and heavy. On a normal day, that could be a meal on its own. I had to box it up quite quickly to save room for the other courses. The chicken was also massive and tender. As for the sundae, it was fantastic and a great way to wrap up the meal.
Complimentary bread and butter comes with the meal, and it's not to be overlooked. Later on, I noticed the steak frites at another table and had some serious food envy. Definitely have to go back to try that dish!
Also make sure to check out their beer list. I'd say to order a beer over their wine if you're looking to save some cash. Also, their beer list pairs well with the menu so that's always a plus. Maybe go for the Stillwater Classique saison for something light in the summer.
An early-ish dinner allowed for a walk out to Race Street Pier across the street before heading home and a quiet end to a hectic weekend.I had a wonderful dinner here on a few months ago and realized I never wrote this review. But I loved and plan to come back soon. It is a fascinating old building and now a wonderful modern restaurant. The menu is very good and I enjoyed what I ordered witch included a seafood stew. My date ordered the French Onion Soup and it was amazing. 
I will save room for dessert next time I go too because I remember it being really good!We can to Philly for the terror behind the walls - haunted easter state penitentiary. We sat down to get a bite before our ticket time and realized that we didn't have enough time a full meal. We had the meat plate and a beer each due to how pressed for time we were. We asked our waiter if it would be busy later, if we should make a reservation because the ambiance was very enjoyable, the food seemed enticing enough that we wanted to return later. We let our waiter know the situation. When we got back we walked in and said "Hi" to one of the men who was waiting on us the first time and got no response at all not even a look or a glance. We stood waiting to be seated but remained unacknowledged. After leaving a generous tip the first time we were in there and to arrive back hours later to enjoy a meal but to be turned away due to the staffs poor attitude was definitely a let down. The entire staff working there looked like the had less personality then the chairs we were sitting on. The only people who looked like they enjoyed working there were the chefs because it was an open room kitchen. Keep the ambiance, keep the chefs, get rid of everyone else there and this place may be worth a return.Needs work.
The fact that they repurposed an old water pumping station into a modern restaurant and theater is something I personally love.  The restaurant itself looks great and has a good atmosphere.  That being said, the restaurant experience left a lot to be desired.
Our waiter was pretty terrible.  The man had no business being in the service industry.  He was inattentive, socially awkward, forgetful and unhelpful.  I feel like this guy could barely even talk to us!  He wouldn't bring us water, our drinks took forever, he kept saying he was bringing bread but never would and then he just completely forgot plates of food we had ordered!  Just god awful...
The food itself, was plated nicely and looked good but was mediocre in flavor.  There was nothing particularly memorable about it.  The butternut squash soup was very salty and the salmon was very blah.  By the time we got to desert, we really weren't interested in what they had to offer but because I ordered the pre-fixed menu, it was included.  I had the chocolate mouse, and again it was just meh.
All-in-all, between the subpar food and god awful service, I can't really give it more than 2 stars.  Had we gotten a competent waiter, it might have been 3 stars instead.We went here for brunch. Great space! We got there at opening for brunch so it was empty. Service was attentive and polite. Brunch drinks were tasty. Corned beef hash was small but delicious. Croissant breakfast sandwich was also very good. Sausage tasted homemade. Overall we really enjoyed it. Would definitely return.I have had better dinners at railway stations cafeteria anywhere in this country; an incredibly mediocre dinner for more than $100? I don't think so....Very good, had a bachelor party dinner here and they did a great job accommodating 12 guest. All of our meals came out prompt and piping hot! Great views, rustic city feel and a good time, thanks La Peg! I got the ribs and they were on point!Service was terrible. I understand it was just opened, but a week into being open you have to have these things under control. 
- Didn't have a wine cooler for our white wine
- seafood was overpriced 
- bartenders were arguing in front of us.
- food took 1 hour
Our wine glass had a black tar colored substance on it...
Just not a good experience.My husband and I visited the beer garden of La Peg because the weather was delightful and the Seafood Shack menu looked intriguing. We ordered the crab poutine and a side of coleslaw to share for a late dinner. It was absolutely delicious and plenty for the two of us. We enjoyed the atmosphere with the music in the background. All in all, it more than met our expectations.I saw glimpses of greatness in La Peg... but they're obscured by some bad practices as this newbie comes of age.
The good: The space is airy and pretty. The menu is big and varied. There is outdoor seating. We desperately need more places north of Market and South of Spring garden. And good ones.
The bad: I had a $3 tomato "salad" that was literally a sliced tomato on a plate. I asked for more bread and someone left with our plate... and never came back. 
The ugly: Despite being a VIP on Opentable and having a reservation, we were told that we had an hour and a half at our table before the next party arrived. Additionally, my punch--which was delicious--was also WAY too little for how much it cost. It was basically a chilled shot on the rocks in a snifter; The glass was huge and filled to the brim with ice cubes. There were about 3 sips of drink in it. 
The greatness: Our server was a true gentleman, good at his job, and friendly. The rabbit pasta was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever had. The pasta was perfectly cooked, the sauce not too heavy, not too much, and perfectly seasoned. I'd go back for that dish alone. The  oxtail dumpling in the Pho was amazing. They should have an oxtail dumpling appetizer. 
The ETC: the bar was packed when we were there. But there is a secret "lounge" table upstairs that overlooks the Race Street pier. So if you need somewhere to wait, try there.
I'll re-review after we try it again, and am pulling for it to achieve more stars next time, as I'm hoping the staff is reading reviews to help refine service and menu (and hopefully host staff and time allowed to eat!)If you've been out and about for brunch in this fine city, you will probably remember having spent at least 30 mins waiting to get into a popular brunch spot from a line which wraps around the block. 
If you are ever looking for a brunch experience that does not involve a waitlist or people shoving one another to get to a seat, look no further than La Peg. Though this place is better known for its dinner service and association with Fringe Arts, it offers pretty solid brunch selections and has plenty of seating. 
I came here today during peak brunch hours, following my friend's recommendation. We were greeted by very friendly service from both the hostess and server Nicole, and were offered our choice of seating in this spacious establishment. Though I had previously been here twice during evening hours (on opening night and on New Year's Eve), the daytime view of the Ben Franklin Bridge through the large windows is equally impressive, and the large windows let in a lot of natural light.
We began with a selection of tea and coffee, and were offered a "bucket" of freshly-cut baguette accompanied by a side of delicious French butter - the kind of butter I will gladly eat by the spoonful. For our brunch courses, I ordered the French onion soup and Trio of vegetables. The soup was great - pretty authentic according to what I remember from my travels to France. The vegetable trio consisted of a celery root remoulade, a lentil salad, and a fruity salad involving apple, beets, celery, and walnuts. I thought this was a refreshing choice following the heavier onion soup, but I had to leave off the beets (not sweet at all and very salty for some reason) and the dressing for the lentil salad left a "plastic-y" aftertaste in my mouth. Not sure what this is about. 
My friends had the eggs benedict and the omelette of the day. Both enjoyed their selections. Though I was eyeing the French Toast - which looked amazing on the menu - I had already devoured half of the bread bucket, covered in the awesome butter, so I felt I had consumed enough bread to last for a week. My plan is to come back again another time when I want to have a comfortable, serene, and scenic brunch experience, and I will exert some self-restraint against the delicious bread bucket so that I can make room for that delicious-looking French toast. I highly recommend this place for brunch!I decided to check this place out for Restaurant Week and it did not disappoint. I wanted a drink that wasn't on the menu and the bartender was kind enough to make it for me. Nice ambiance with dim lighting which gave me a relaxing feeling. Out server Clayton was very personable and attentive while still being able to give us a certain amount of space to enjoy our food. He told jokes and seemed to get our humor too. Food was good and came out in a timely manner. Would definitely come again.I was here when there were fireworks and it was great. I enjoyed the experience and the wait staff was attentive. The bar fills up but the food is good. They need to clarify what the music venue offers since it was hard to tell it was there at allI knew I'd be back but not this soon. We made a last minute reservation. The place is pretty large compared to other restaurants in the CC district so they seem to have availability most of the time. 
Let me say that we had a very great night and were able to enjoy a delicious meal. Our waiter, Sergio, suggested a couple of dishes to try out because we were pretty much indecisive. He was Parisian himself so, I trusted his taste. A nice bottle of chardonnay from the Bourgogne region was a nice start off. As appetizers, we ordered the grilled octopus and the foie gras - of course!  The grilled octopus was very crunchy and  tasted amazingly. Foie gras was another delish dish. It was fresh, soft on the inside and had a nice, little crisp on the outside. We devoured on the fresh bread bucket along with them. As a main dish, I went with the lamb shoulder and my boyfriend got the duck confit. The lamb was really tender and flavorful and it came atop of swiss chard. My boyfriend loved his dish as well. We ended our night with a cup of coffee and a pastry. We opted for the paris-brest. 
We couldn't have done a better choice to spend Saturday night. Thank you, La Peg.Not impressed. Ordered a tomato and goat cheese salad that was literally just a bowl of roughly chopped tomatoes with a couple specs of cheese. Why would anyone pay $12 for a bowl of chopped tomatoes? Crab cake appetizer was two cakes the size of a tablespoon. Will not be going back. Only the beer was good.So my spring chickie and I decided to take a weekend in Philadelphia. We're staying right downtown in a location super close to the reading market. We had a great lunch and started to meander about on our way to La Peg. This place looks pretty cool on the outside and in; a good industrial look. We ordered drinks and the bar olives to start followed by the quail and shrimp cocktail for myself while the chickie had the cauliflower steak. Quail is tasty as is the shrimp, but seriously...19 bucks for a piece of steamed cauliflower?  Check out the picture for proof...I literally could have stolen a head of cauliflower from the reading market and cooked it on the searing pavement myself. On the menu it's referred to as the cauliflower steak, but on the plate it's just a small pinch of cauliflower. Didn't resemble a steak in the least. OK, I know, "you ordered cauliflower".  Maybe give it a good bath in some seasoning...maybe actually grill it too? And as I sit here, dude just hit the glass rinser and shot water all over the bar. Good thing the chickie went to the powder room and he apologized. 1 star La Peg. 1 star.Ahh, summer in Philadelphia. The time of year when everyone in the city is obsessed with eating on roof decks, patios, and in beer gardens (myself included). For a friends birthday, we snatched up a picnic table on la peg's patio. With views of the Ben Franklin Bridge, overhead string lights, and tree stumps to sit on, the ambience was pretty fantastic. 
On the patio, they have a limited beer and food menu. Two beers on tap, a couple of cans, a full bar, and house red and white wines. For food I had the salmon filet. It came with grilled vegetables (half a cob of corn, potato, onions, zucchini). While I still enjoyed them, I don't think they were seasoned at all. A little bit of salt, pepper, and garlic goes a long way. The salmon itself was good, and came with dollop of horseradish sour cream that I really enjoyed. 
I was actually surprised it wasn't more popular. Morgan's Pier is just down the street and offers a similar experience, but la peg had only a fraction of the people.Service is what won us over, thanks Steve!  Food was good. Foie Gras and steak and Frites were delicious but would have loved there to be a bit more. Order many plates portions are small. The best things about the night were the view, the beer, and the service. Our bartender Steve went above and beyond in service. We sat at the bar and felt our service was as good maybe even better then table service.I checked out both La Peg's beer garden and brunch within the same week. I stopped by at the beer garden for the pop up ice-bar (the second time around after it melted the first time) on a Friday evening. The ice bar it self looked kind of cool & the fire pits were a nice touch but I was expecting an enclosed place, not sitting in the cold right next to the highway in the middle of winter. My friend and I both tried spiked hot chocolates which were good (but mine could have been hotter), mine had peppermint schnapps and his had kahlua. It was cool to try something different but it was pretty hyped up for what it actually was. I prefer this beer garden over the summer... for it's outdoor movies/games! 
Just a few days later, I went back for Sunday brunch. It was my first time inside the venue and it was beautiful. The tall ceilings, industrial feel, & openness of the area was really different & refreshing from the typical cramped spot you might go to. It was a group of about 12 of us which I understand is a large group -- however the waiter was super confused & flustered by anything and everything we were asking and was extremely confused by the checks at the end, even though we patiently listed it out for him. I'm not sure if he was new or if he just wasn't used to such a large group, but he did apologize at the end which was appreciated. I thought the prices were average to the higher side. My friend and I split the salmon gravlax and the blueberry beignets. I usually don't eat a lot in one sitting and found myself to still be hungry after the dishes. Both dishes were nothing special... the salmon gravlax was bland and a tiny portion. The beignets were a little too thick and didn't have enough blueberries. I tried a bite of my friends burger & a couple potatoes -- both which were nothing special. It was nice that they gave unlimited fresh french baguette slices w/ butter though. I'm not sure if I would be back for food though...I have to say I'm pretty disappointed that I came in loving the venue.  I made a reservation and when I came in the hostess said I would have to wait 15 min to be seated and seemed a little unorganized.  Not a big deal went to the bar where the problems really started.  I was with my girlfriend and I already caught it but it seemed that the one bartender was unprofessional heard him cursing and talking about strange things and even displayed bad practices.  Expect a bartender to be talking and acting this way at a corner bar somewhere.  There was a full bar and the one bartender seemed to let the other one off early or actually just work as a barback.  Service definitely was being affected because now the one bartender was serving the bar and had to deal with all the service tickets.  I even heard that the other bar tender say he would stay on.  When my table was ready it took a long time for me to attempt to get my check closed.   
I would say out of the things that we ordered the steak was most reasonably priced.  Steak I found to be a bit tough even though I ordered mine medium rare.  Server also mess up our coursing which was strange because we ordered 1-2 courses first then we decided on the main course and somehow our main course came out before course 2.  Not a big deal for me and the server was very apologetic and nice.  
All and all left there exactly what 2 stars describes "Meh".I went on a date here for Center City's restaurant week, and had a great time. The food, which was reasonable portioned, was excellent. My date got a tomato salad, salmon, and lemon parfait, while I got the New England clam chowder (with real clams!), chicken, and a huckleberry crumble. They also had a very diverse wine selection.
Our waitress was incredibly attentive and polite, which just added to the really cool ambience of the place. Overall, it was a great experience, and I'd love to come back.We came to La Peg around maybe 9 pm on a Friday night and the place was empty so you'd imagine service at the bar would be good... Well, the bartender kept referring to me as "girl" when he was talking to me (it probably happened 4-5 times), and then he never came back to take a drink order so all we got were brownies with a scoop of ice cream.
The brownies were fine but the bartender was terribly rude and I had no interest in getting anything anyway from him after that. Unless the service changes, I haveExcellent happy hour, wait staff alerted us when it was 15 mins to show time so we could close out and get in to the theatre on time. Lively atmosphere with artists stopping in for a bite and a drink as well. Will definitely go back.I would write a huge list of all the things La Peg did wrong, but honestly its not worth the time. Just don't waste your time or money.This will be the first review of la peg on yelp, so I am going to be detailed. First, the restaurant and bar are really cool. It is impressive to see. The service was great and they are in week 2. The menu is almost all small plate. If you have a large appetite, you will need to order 5-7 plates. Some are really small. We started with the mushrooms and tuna tartare. The shrooms had no flavor but the tartare was great. For 14 dollars it was a really small amount of tuna, but it was marinated in lime and was tasty. We then ordered macaroni and cheese. It was ok. Then duck pate. Mediocre. Then the marrow bone which was just odd and finally the lamb, which was great. So, two out of five were great and 3 not so great. We ordered the scallops as a final dish.  Is  13 bucks  a fair number for two medium sized( scallops? They were great, but 3 or 4 scallops of medium size would have been better.  It just felt like the plate was barren of food!
The dessert chocolate moose cake was very good. And the beer selection was strong. I gave it a 3 but they better improve if they want to charge these high prices.Great alternative to Morgan's Pier across the street. A more mature crowd, great beer selection, good food selection. The outdoor seating is great as well. I'd recommend checking it out!My senior class came here for an event and it was just 55 students dancing, drinking, eating, and living. La Peg has a great indoor aesthetic, making up for my initial disappointment when we had to move inside since it was raining. 
First off: the service was amazing. The bartender and waiters were attentive, social, personable, funny, and friendly. They worked hard to churn out lots of dishes and drinks in a small amount of time, and got multiple toasts throughout the night. 
Food I tried included:
- Calbot Cheddar, apple butter, cracker (vegetarian)
- Cucumber gazpacho shooters (vegan)
- Crab cakes, lemon sabayon (pescatarian)
- Grilled cheese squares (vegetarian)
- Cheeseburger Sliders, special sauce, onion, pickles 
- Pot Roast, green beans, red bliss potatoes
- Cheese curds, marinara (vegetarian) 
- Apple tarts
- Brownies
Food I did not try but saw going around:
- Stuffed mushrooms, goat cheese, bread crumbs (vegetarian)
- General Tso's tofu sandwich sliders 
- Pork terrine, mustard, cornichons
My favorite were the cheeseburger sliders, which had juicy meat and crunchy pickles. The brownies were melt-in-your-mouth (literally--there was gooey melted fudge.) I'd also recommend the pot roast--the meat was tender and cooked well. The crab cakes were alright--they lacked flavor and seemed to crumble. The cucumber gazpacho shooters were unique--very refreshing taste. The cheese curds were basically fried cheese, which complemented the grilled cheese squares well. The calbot cheddar was good cheese. The apple tarts were warm and did not crumble! Very cute.
I had an Original Sin rosé cider and it was SO good. The bottle was low-key fancy and felt very smooth.
Overall, a great location near the Bridge and the Constitution Center with amazing staff and service.Tonight was my birthday dinner at La Peg. I chose La Peg because I have been there 3x before this evening and very much enjoyed the food, service and ambiance. Tonight was a different story. It was an extremely disappointing experience. There were 7 in our party and they squished us all on a table made for 6. I would not have minded if the place was busy but it wasn't, at all. The server was blah, not unfriendly but seriously lacking in showing any personality or accommodation. Our drink order took FOREVER to receive and by the time we ordered appetizers we had been there for a half an hour. Our apps and main entree were good, no complaints about the food. My fiancé told the waitress privately that it was my birthday and asked if she could she put a candle in a dessert when it was time to deliver it. What I got was a plate with the words, Happy Birthday, written in hardened chocolate  syrup...there was nothing else on the plate. I ordered the Jewish apple cake as my dessert, why couldn't they write happy birthday on the plate with the dessert or put a candle in the cake? What are you supposed to do with hardened chocolate on a plate? 
Overall, it was just a very unwelcoming experience with not a care by the staff for being timely with taking our order or making a birthday special. The place was empty so it's not like there were loads of people to attend to. Won't be back and will not be recommending La Peg to anyone anymore.Brunch! Yelp has La Peg listed as closed right now but I'm sitting here with a tummy full of delicious traditional French omelette. We also split the poutine and it was amazing! Biscuits and gravy were wonderful! Great service, super cool space, and easy location.Their food is great! But the 5 stars is mainly for the atmosphere, service and location.My view of the cheese curds that my girlfriend and I ordered might be colored by the ones that we had yesterday from Milkboy on South Street, but the cheese curds from La Peg were lackluster (that's being nice) - all breading and no cheese to the point where I was impressed by how cheese could be made to taste so bland. That, combined with the poor service behind the bar, made for a bad experience that will lead us to not return for quite some time.Great ambience and amazing food! Tried the grilled cheese and chocolate bread pudding. My friends also loved the crab cakes and the creme bruleeI give this place 5 stars because drinks are cheap and food is pretty creative. Pulled pork Mac and cheese and Baby back ribs are can't miss deals. Cheese board was decent so I'd definitely come back.Probably the worst burger I've ever had. Ordered it medium and it was well down to the point of being charred. Terrible and a waste of 9 dollars. If you want a good burger, hit up Prime Stache in Old City. 
The only reason why this is getting 2 stars is because the servers and staff are extremely friendly and nice.La Peg was a last minute reservation made during restaurant week, so we were pleased to find availability for a table. The atmosphere could be described as a dark, modern industrial. Outside there is a cool Biergarten set up which I definitely want to check out during the day! Dress is nice-casual. 
They started the restaurant week menu off with an amuse-bouche that was basically a small cracker with a slice of red pepper and a little mozzarella cube. Next for the appetizer course I ordered the crab cakes (2) that came with a side of fennel salad. The crab cakes were fine--nothing crazy but still good. Next for the main course I ordered the Spatchcock Chicken that came with fingerling potatoes and a succotash. The chicken was cooked well and very moist and the succotash has slices of peaches in it which I loved! The potatoes were a bit dry but it came with a side of gravy which fixed that right up. Lastly, I ordered the blood orange creme brûlée which was sweet and creamy but I didn't get any citrus flavor from it. Overall this experience was good but nothing to write home about! Definitely a restaurant that you could trust for a good solid meal.We had our baptism luncheon in the mezzanine area of la peg and it was wonderful! The space? The communication with Liz and manager Brad was easy and accommodating. 
All the guests raved how good the food was, which was uniquely picked from their menu and served family style. They made everything easy and would have a party there anytime.  The space is a mix of Philadelphia industrial past (pumping station) with high ceiling and tall windows with a clear View of the Ben Franklin bridge and race street pier. We didn't have the time but they also had cornhole and outdoor game free to use.  
I can't convey enough how much we appreciate the staff of La Peg and thank you for making my sons Baptism lunch tasty and memorable.The place looks nice and I was expecting great things based on the menu. However this place did not deliver. As a white wine drinker, I was disappointed that they do not offer Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio by the glass, only by the bottle.  If you're going by the glass your options are some obscure Spanish white, a Riesling or a Bordeaux blend.  The food.. The raw bar was excellent and very fresh. The foie gras was the worst I ever tasted. Felt like it was pate bought in bulk at a Costco. We ordered cheese, which arrived frozen on the inside. The striped bass was over cooked. The staff was very friendly and attentive however the food was subpar.Stayed down the street from this place and saw a large crowd so figured we would check it out. They have indoor and outdoor sessions and even games for people to play outside. When you walk in you are greeted by a very nice hostess and the atmosphere is amazing...a lot of history to the building. We started off with appetizers of shrimp cocktail and pork belly...which were very good and I had the simple wedge salad which was dressed nicely and my husband had the fast food burger which he said was very good. Our server Nicole was very attentive and put up with my husbands corny jokes. The only downside was because it was crowded it was hard to hear each other talk sitting across from one another. Overall great experience!!!We were having drinks at Morgan's pier and wanted to grab a bite to eat so 4 of us headed over on a Saturday night around 7:30. The place was a bit confusing as there was an inside and and outside with different menus. We wanted the inside menu with the outside seating. We settled for indoor seating by the open window. We all shared the side of macaroni and cheese (it was watery), the cheese curds which were tasty but more like little ball mozzarella sticks then traditional cheese curds, the short rib cheese fries, the burger, and the pesto grilled cheese. I tried the diablo tequila drink which did not disappoint. Overall atmosphere was nice, service was good and food was cheap. The menu wasn't that big either.Stopped in for a drink and dessert Saturday night, asked if they had availability for brunch on Easter so we ate there again.  Service great, food was really good.  Option to order off of the regular menu (which we did) or a 3 course options with different choices.Still waiting over here! That's how I was feeling with their bar service. I went here on a Saturday night to catch up with a friend and to have a few drinks. Didn't get served for a while even though we were in the bartender's view. Took us a while to be served
Granted, I felt they were under staffed but ironically, the older customers were tend to sooner and more regularly. It felt an odd way. On a positive note, the atmosphere is pretty chill and relax. It gives an industrial vibe. The tab was not too expensive either.
Overall, giving the rating based on their potential if they had more staff on hand.
Overall: 4 (Rounded)
Food: NA
Service: 3.5
Price: 3.5
Atmosphere: 4Man I love this place!  To be fair I might be slightly biased because I came here for a Beyonce Dance party event and it was one of the best nights of my life.  But a big part of what I loved about the night was La Peg itself.  We showed up before the event started and we enjoyed sitting outside in the beautiful late summer air in, warming ourselves by a firepit with the beautiful Benjamin Franklin Bridge in the background.  Drinks were good and strong.  The atmosphere inside is really cool, as well.  We sat and ate some wings and goat cheese fries.  The wings were good but pretty standard but the goat cheese fries were really delicious.  Overall I had such a fun time at La Peg and I would definitely go back for just a regular night out or for a date.Love this place. Their drink menu is on point, and the cocktails are clever and delicious. I typically get the mushroom burger with the Belgian style fries (yum). My friends rave about the clam chowder, beef burger, and the wings.Super cute atmosphere if you sit outside. Right under the bridge and next to the water with a nice outdoor seating area. But, this area is first come first serve and the menu is from a food truck rather than the inside kitchen. It took 40 minutes for us to get a small burger, 2 fish tacos, and pasta salad. And the food was mediocre. If you want a fun outdoor experience go here, but don't expect good prices/food/service.Stopped in for dinner before seeing a show. I ordered the salmon with potatoes. It was delicious. The place has a very fun and inviting vibe as well. I would definitely come back next time I'm in PhillyThis has to be my favorite little(not so little) place in Philly! Bartenders(Chris, James,Clark), waitstaff, management(Liz), have all been the most genuine people I have ever met. I've been in Philadelphia for 9 weeks now and have been coming here for at least 3 times a week since then. The music, atmosphere, random/tasteful food happy hour items and drink specials are always on point! Entrees that are on the menu are very tasteful, from the Pub burger to the Spatchcock Chicken as well as Salmon! The desserts are something to definitely save room for, you can't go wrong with the cheesecake or brownie options and ice cream add ons are a must! We don't have nice little places like this back in Texas! Whenever I'm back in this area, I will definitely be back! I almost forgot to mention the great views and interior design of the place, very nice!Great amosphire. Bartenders Jim and Clark are wonderful. Very personable and like to talk. Gave great recommendations on what to do in Philly. Good was excellent!!!  Loved happy hour!Date Night with my BF at La Peg was very romantic!  We had a table with a view of the Ben Franklin Bridge, in the upper corner upstairs, and was basically by ourselves for most of the time we were there.  It made us feel very special.
From the appetizer to dessert, everything was high end cuisine wonderful!  We had steak for date night (like of course, right?), and it was juicy and tender.  I remember that I RAVED about the flakiness of the crust on the dessert.  It was like a phyllo dough thing with a fruity jam in it.  Crispy golden deliciousness!
Parking was pretty easy on the street (it was a late reservation, like 7:30 pm).  I was very happy we were able to enjoy, as we wouldn't be able to afford it on a regular night.
I don't think you will be disappointed if you decide to splurge.I went there while staying in Philadelphia at the holiday inn express. First night had the pub burger and fries. WOW! Really good. They had an Abita lager, lived 35+ yrs in Louisiana, that was also outstanding! Next time I had the scallops. They were delicious bit pricey for what y'all got. Still hungry so ordered the Mac and cheese appetizer. OMG!!!!!!! It is the best! Decided to go my last night for more of the Mac and cheese and Abita. Chris, I believe was the bartender. Outstanding job. Took care of the other patrons but also kept engaging me in conversation to help pass the time. I will most definitely stop there again when in the area. You can't go wrong!We stopped in for a late dinner before hitting the bars. The inside is really cool! It's a rustic/urban vibe with high ceilings and various art work displayed. We were seated immediately. Our waitress was great! She was very attentive and efficient! We both ordered the wings w/ classic buffalo sauce. The wings were good, not great. Just about average.  This place is fairly priced, has good food, great service, and a cool atmosphere! We would go back!Nice atmosphere. Ordered chipotle wings to go and they were the worst wings I have ever had. Nice and meaty and good sauce but barely cooked and rubbery. Don't order.We (8 of us) went to La Peg because we were seeing a show at FringeArts.  We made our reservation 2 hours before the show. Even though we ordered quickly, it took so long to get our entrees that we had to rush to finish and there was no time for dessert or coffee.  We had asked the waiter if the ribs entree was large enough to share (as ribs entrees often are); he said yes.  There were 4 ribs on the plate and they had very little meat.  When we complained, he offered us an additional rib plate, which we refused because we didn't have time before our show.  He brought it anyway, just as we were rushing to settle the bill and get to the show so we took it in a doggie bag.  When we checked the bill later, they had charged us for the additional plate!  It appeared even the wait staff was waiting for the kitchen - they kept checking and were standing around where the food came out.  So while this may be a great bar and beer garden, we will never return for a meal.Called ahead to see if it was dog friendly. " We love dogs" was the response. Our dog was served before us with a bowl of water. 
Place has great outdoor seating, food truck style sandwiches and sides,  and a shipping container bar. Great afternoon drinking beers under the Ben.
Lobster roll, smoked eggplant sandwiches, coleslaw and fries. Typical food truck deliciousness.We visited to catch a live band and have some drinks at the bar. Mind you, our version of "Having Drinks" is akin to watching contestants at the "Wing Bowl". Once we empty, we expect to dive right into the next beer.
The ambiance of the place is very unique and cool. We didn't eat, but the food looked great. We sat at the bar and got to watch exactly how NOT to bartend. The place was PACKED with people that seemed to be in the same frame of mind as me and my friend. The bartenders were courteous but very slow and sometimes out to pasture. We had to break every rule that bartenders insist are sacred, just to get attention for service. WAKE UP. BE ATTENTIVE. PUT YOUR PHONE DOWN.
I would definitely try this place for dinner again, but doubtful that i would go there to catch another band.My friend recently suggested we try out la peg for brunch and it was a great experience! While it was not the best brunch I've had in Philly, it was still quite enjoyable.
We ordered the Ricotta Beignets for the table which were DELICIOUS. They were soft, fluffy, and amazing. If you're here for brunch, definitely order them for the table! I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich which was decent. The eggs were nice and fluffy and the croissant was awesome. All the dishes are under $13 for brunch so our wallets were happy as none of us paid more than $18. 
I took off a star because we were looking forward to being seated upstairs but they said we couldn't (even though it was completely empty when we went). We had heard about the great riverside view so that was one of the main draws for us to come to la peg! We were disappointed that we didn't get seated so we could get the view, rather we were downstairs. Also, the menu isn't super inventive or new but if you're in the mood for a good, staple brunch and happen to be in the area, la peg is a nice option!The food was DELICIOUS! Very fancy presentation and amazing taste in each and every bite. I am a vegetarian and they had a couple of options for me, I decided to go with the goat cheese raviolis and they were incredible! It has a very cool vibe inside! Had outstanding service from my waiter Iman, very professional and friendly!To start, the location of this restaurant is really cool! Sits right off of Columbus Blvd, so you are uniquely close to the Delaware River (not many spots give you that luxury.) So naturally, it is a more laid back of a vibe and a little quieter than being directly in center city. Their menu reflects their location near the water - of all things to order on their menu, we would recommend any of the seafood appetizers...they have scallops, mussels, oysters, and more.
The restaurant is inside an old factory-looking building, so it has a very modern-industrial feel inside.
Nice bar menu too - great place to go and just grab some drinks.
Parking can just be a little tough - so plan for that. There are limited spots near by the restaurant on the blvd.The two stars go toward the ambiance and decor. I was so excited to experience this restaurant, knowing the chef's background. With a party of 3 others, I decided to partake in the restaurant week menu. For my first course, I had the flàmmeküeche, as did another in my party. This was the highlight of my meal. I especially enjoyed the lardons. The other two in my party had the duck confit salad and the macaroni and cheese. I sampled both, and felt that the mac and cheese was a little too rich for me, albeit delicious. My friend enjoyed the duck confit salad, though I am not a fan of duck so I didn't love it like she did.
The appetizers alluded to a nice start for the evening, however the trend did not continue. For entrees, two in my party had the steak frites, I had salmon, and another had the pasta. My salmon was incredibly fishy tasting and salty, to the point that it was inedible. My friend's pasta was underwhelming as well. Although the presentation was beautiful, there was absolutely no flavor. The other two members of the party had steak frites. I sampled a piece of steak, and that was again overly salted. The tomatoes accompanying the steak were delicious and the highlight of all four of our entrees. My friend barely touched her pasta and the server did not inquire as to why and whether she could get her something else. Likewise for my salmon. 
Desserts were fine. Nothing outstanding but nothing awful. We still tipped generously as the server was not the cook, however I would be very reluctant to return. Perhaps I experienced an "off" night, but the overly salted and fishy tasting salmon was a real deal breaker for me.We could not have picked a better place for the wedding. It's a beautiful space and the food is amazing. It perfectly fit our wedding of about 100 people with plenty of room for dancing. We also had our ceremony on the small stage in the main dining room, which was perfect. On top of that, the staff (especially the manager, Liz!) were incredibly customer focused. Liz helped us plan everything and made sure the day went perfectly. She answered every question I had, no matter how small or annoying, with grace and expertise. They even let us pick up all our decorations the next morning, something most venues won't allow. Our wedding had lots of nieces and nephews attending, and they even went out of their way to lay out some coloring books for them. I will rave about this venue to anyone who will listen. If you're looking for a non-traditional wedding venue, this is the place to go.La Peg is a ridiculously cool venue that combines great food, live events and some neat philadelphia history into one experience. I was there for a a restaurant week lunch but am eager to go back for an evening show. 
The clam chowder is SO good. Our server had to mention that many people found it too "salty" and too "smokey". It was neither. It was perfect. 
We were told that the bolognese was a chef special and it looked amazing. I missed out since I got a burger that was just okay. 
The service, the soup, and the ambiance sold me. I will go back.It bums me out that I have to write negative things about this place because it location and set up is incredible, the outside bar area at night when the weather is so beautiful, it's close to the water but does not have that Delaware river smell that other parts of the waterfront suffer from but after some deliberation I feel compelled to share my thoughts.
I got pretty excited about this place based on the looks, the beautiful weather, cool design; what else could you ask for? Unfortunately the two times I have gone here I couldn't help but feel like I was intruding. Is this place a private club? My friend and I sat at the bar and watched as the bartender skipped over us repeatedly, it was sort of busy (it wasn't busy enough to justify her actions) so we let it slide with our first round, but when he went up to get a second round of beers it was the same treatment. No exaggeration, the first round took 10 minutes and the second round another 10 minutes, there were less than 20 people in the whole outside seating area and less than 5 at the bar.
The service was bad enough to make me think I was crashing a private party and no one wanted to tell us to leave. Not sure what is going on with this place, I really want to like it but as it stands they have a lot of room for improvement.Was staying at the Holiday Inn Express, Penn's Landing, and La Peg is a very short walk to the end of the block.  Somewhat unassuming from the outside, it opens up a a HUGE room.  
I was there for an early dinner (they open at 5) and was the first person in the door. I sat off to the side looking out over the river.  The staff was attentive.  
Had the Lancaster chicken with root vegetables.  Spot on.  Veggies were done with a sage sauce for $23.  Not too bad.  They had a selection of local beers as well. They had tables out on their patio, I assume during the summer one can enjoy a cold beer watching the river.The food was very bland. The restaurant week menu was terrible and entertainment at the end of dinner was so horrible to listen to that we had to get out of there. Overall not impressed w this place and my expectations were high. The place is nice looking and very big but food just didn't cut it.More like 3.5 stars...I'm bumping it up to 4 though because I really love FringeArts, the building, and view of the Delaware River. 
A friend visiting from the west coast was in NYC and took a train in to visit. He ended up getting off the wrong stop and we ended up being closer to La Peg than any of other options I gave him. There's usually plenty of parking along the river so that's nice. 
On a Wednesday evening, it was pretty quiet but there were still a couple diners and patrons at the bar. I think the menu rotates and while pretty minimal, there were decent options. What we found a little weird though was that a lot of the menu options seemed to be more suited for the fall... Anyways, we started with some beers and a meat plate (you can only do either a meat plate or a cheese plate because they don't offer a meat AND cheese plate...also a little weird). It came with several different meats including a duck prosciutto, pate, etc...the usuals. It was a good start. My friend ordered the chicken and I ordered the salmon. Both our plates were good...nothing extraordinary...but good. 
Neither one of us were in the mood for dessert so we really just finished our meals and left. If it wasn't so terribly hot the night we went, we would've taken a nice stroll along the river too. I would definitely give La Peg another try, maybe catch a show there and even take advantage of their beer garden when the weather is nice.Had my wedding here last weekend!!
I had an amazing time, Liz and team were fabulous and very accommodating.
My guests can't stop raving about the food and atmosphere!
Been to the restaurant several times and we always leave happy!Party of four went on First Friday. The bar was busy but not another soul in the restaurant. Our server was very nice. Food was great. Music was abysmal.