Came here yesterday at around 4PM for a very late lunch...or should I say linner? Due to the strange timing, my boyfriend and I were the only people in the restaurant. Slightly awkward because I felt as though all of the staff could hear our conversation. Service was good, but keep in mind that this establishment is CASH ONLY (and checks-- luckily, I had my checkbook on me). In this day in age, I find it extremely inconvenient and inconsiderate when businesses do not accept credit card.
Food wise, everything was quite yummy, but nothing mind blowing. We ordered the Grigliata Di Calamari as an appetizer. I usually love my calamari fried, but this was pretty good for grilled calamari. The calamari tasted fresh and was not overcooked, so it was very soft and easy to chew. The seasoning was just right, and we asked for a side of marinara sauce, which was really delicious with the calamari as well. 
I had the Ravioli Alla Viola (lobster ravioli) for my main dish and enjoyed it. The pink cognac sauce (which is really orange) was delicious and sat well with my tastebuds. The ravioli was also perfectly cooked-- very soft and easy to consume. My boyfriend had the Pollo Gamberi Alla Marsala, which according to him, was very tasteful. This was a healthier dish, as it came with white chicken breast, mushrooms, and tomatoes. The only food item that I was disappointed by was the bread. It was over-baked and very hard. Just having had my wisdom teeth taken out not long ago, I was sadly unable to consume the bread. 
This is overall a decent Italian restaurant with solid food. It is fairly priced among other Italian restaurants in Philly, so that is a plus. It is also BYOB-- another major plus. I went to the Ovest location across the street a few months back with a big party and remembered liking that experience better. Decor here seems a little outdated and could use some work to improve the ambiance. Would come back next time for the food, with bottle in hand :)The food here is wonderful.
The restaurant itself is very small.
If you are planning to have a conversation over dinner, this is not your place. It can get very loud in there and the tabels are very close together.
The food is great though - so it's worth the experience.La Viola is an awesome place, but I think you need to know what you're expecting if you come in on a Friday or Saturday night- it's crowded, loud, and most people are really getting after it. The food is good, especially for the price, and the wait staff is generally nice and on top of it, but this is definitely not a date spot, and if you bring a big group, plan on shouting across the table. 
One piece of advice: if the line is too long, go across to La Viola Ovest- same kitchen, same menu, but it's quieter and less busy.I had dinner there last night and all I can say is WOW. I had their pasta special for the night, which consisted of homemade linguini with sausage, shrimp, raddichio, and tomatoes - all in an exceptionally delicious sauce. Everything there is top-notch and the service is great - looking forward to going back and hoping they'll still offer the special!LOVE THIS PLACE! 
I lived in Italy for a little bit and it feels pretty close to that mentality: Small plates, not too expensive, intimate environment, and friendly waiters. I was here on a Friday night and noticed the owners close attention to both restaurants. The food always tastes fresh, they never rush you- if anything, they urge you to take your time and enjoy your evening. It's a unique little place and will keep coming back for years to come!The food is awesome.. They have many dishes in just the right portions and just the right flavors. The dishes taste very light and clean. I would def. go back.Wonderful!  They seriously have their shit together [in both locations].  Personally I prefer the East restaurant, but either way it is certainly my favorite Italian BYOB in Philly.  It's really affordable, they have great specials, and it's just so cute!  I've dined in the East restaurant a few times with one other guest (it's too crammed for larger parties) and I've also been to the West restaurant for a couple birthday dinners and that's been great too.  The servers are warm, responsive, and extremely nice people.  They make me feel like I'm part of their family.  I rarely ever eat Italian food, but La Viola definitely gets it.This is one of my favorite spots in the city.  I've probably dined here about 15 times now, and only once did I think my food was anything less than delicious (and it wasn't bad that one time, just not as delicious as it usually is).  The room is a bit small and can sometimes get kind of loud, but the food is consistently well prepared and the price is incredibly reasonable (especially with BYOB factored in).Really good food and great service. It's a nice restaurant with classy but cosy atmosphere. I wouldn't recommend it for a date because it's kinda crowded and not necessarily super intimate, but it's great for dinners with larger parties. Definitely recommend the ravioli and the vitello. Better to make a reservation, be careful because they also have another location with the same name across the street so make sure to know which one you're going to :)Great food and amazing service. We went for restaurant week and the menu looked like their menu. Impressive from the start. We had arugula and goat cheese salad, antipasto, mushroom trio, pasta and veal sausage, veal medallion, cheese cake, canoli cake.....they don't rush you and work together as a team that creates an environment that is warm and inviting. The food was so good that we called the reservationist while eating dinner to book another reservation before the restaurant week ends. We will be back restaurant week or not.This is my favorite restaurant of all time.  The prices are great, but you always have to remember, it's BYOB and cash only.  This is just my opinion, but I think the Bistro East location is better than the Ovest West location.  The menus and the chefs are different.
The restaurant is small, you will be sitting very close to the table next to you, but hey, maybe you can strike up a nice conversation.  When weather permits, there is outside seating.  
I strongly recommend the Grigliata Di Calamari (grilled calamri) appetizer, and the homemade Gnocchi al Filetto di Pomodoro.  My personal favorites.Went here early on a Friday night before a show and was very impressed.  Small place, a little noisy and crowded (to be expected in the city), but the food was great and the wait staff were truly wonderful.
The four of us all ate different dishes and they were all very good (Spinach gnocchi, orichetti pomodoro w/ shrimp, chicken rotellini, and shrimp-chicken pasta of the day).  All were served piping hot and fairly quickly.
The waiters (mostly young men in white shirts and ties) were the best.  Very friendly and efficient.  I don't think any of our water glasses got below half full before someone appeared and topped them off.  The teamwork was amazing - just moving around in that small room was difficult but that pulled it off.
BYOB and cash only so plan ahead.La Viola was real hip about 10 years ago when I was a single gal and the idea of a BYOB on Rittenhouse with my girlfriends on a Saturday night before clubbing (oy) just sounded so darn fancy. We probably thought we were in an episode of "Sex And The City".  Oh, to be young and naive. I have since matured and so has my palette. La Viola just doesn't cut it anymore. In fact, I'm a tad shocked it's still around. Sorry if that's harsh, it's just that there are some really cutting edge restaurants out there, even in the area nowadays and this kind of pales in comparison.  
The food is slightly better than average Italian, which if I'm carb-loading, it better be truly fantastic! It's classic Italian fare with a few minor twists here and there. 
The place is tiny and unless you're at a corner round by the front window or outside in nice weather, you're kinda, sorta sitting on everyone else. I have yet to dine at their location across the street, but opening that up was certainly a smart move, logistically. 
Wait service is good and the BYOB aspect is a plus. Other than that, ehh, I don't know. There are much better places. Much better Italian places. Much better BYOBs. Maybe because I've tried it several times and the trendy aspect of the place is gone? I say you certainly can find better.I came here on a quiet Sunday night - the restaurant was pretty empty but it had a nice quaint feel to it.  The hostess and server were exceedingly nice and the decor was classy without being pretentious.
It's a BYO so bring a couple bottles of wine and enjoy not having to pay $8 a glass.
The real thing worth talking about was the food.  I got the penne with vodka suace and the flavors were bursting in my mouth with each bite.  Seriously, I would do  things I'm not proud of to have that sauce on demand when cooking at home. 
There's lots of options in the area, but give this place a shot if you want an affordable, not-bland meal.I've had a lot of good meals here, so this pains me, but the last time I tried to eat here, it was inedible.  The fish was so salty that we actually had to send food back, which we never do.  Oh man, I hope it was just an off night, but it was pretty bad and with so many other good byob options in this city, I don't think I'll test that theory.Just an update and another plead against the naysayers.  We had a NYE reservation for 22 people which they accommodated inside like 2 weeks to go to NYE, it was originally 20 and they added two for us on NYE day!  The menu was a price fixe and it wasn't as awesome as usual but it was still really great considering they were churning and burning that night, and for a 6:30 reservation they didn't ever make us feel rushed even though the later reservations were starting to show up!  We finally got the hint though and filtered out.  But I wanted to just give them another plug for being so great on such a crazy holiday! yay La viola!BYOB place. Very cosy. Nice upscale decor but once you sit down, you don't get the pretentious feel you sometimes get in NYC. Everyone around us was having a good time and drinking away! We actually got two free glasses of red wine for next table. 
Waiters are pretty friendly. The menu is straight up Itailan; price is perfect for your wallet. We ordered homemade gnocchi with tomato and Parmesan cheese, salmon with fettuccine and orchenette with sausage. Each dish is delicious and great portion. 
The only downside is this place is cash only. So make sure you come prepared!Not for vegetarians - A group of 6 of us came for dinner. My friend and I are both vegetarian and were disappointed that there were few options. We asked for the penne without pancetta. When it came out it had pancetta in it- which was disappointing. They replaced the dish without the meat but it was lacking any peas or mushrooms which were included the description. Also, no one apologized for the error. We were not compensated the appetizer or entree. Gratuity was also already included - which was annoying because we did not like the service. Our other friends who ordered meat dishes did enjoy the food.Absolutely Great and highly recommend.  Friendly quaint little place.  No alcohol or wine served as its BYOB only, but theres no fee. Awesome Italian food prepared and run by this nice family from Albania.  
Prices were very low for the quality of food.La Viola has never disappointed me when I have visited, especially during restaurant week. In fact, I think that their RW menu is one of the better deals when considering both quality and quantity - their dinner menu is literally so much food you cannot finish it. One of the great things about this place is that it is BYO, but there are some cons to go along with it, mainly being that they are cash only and fairly small. I wouldn't say this is my favorite Italian place by any means (or that I ever go here when it isn't RW anyone), but I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants both quality and quantity (especially if you like gnocchi - their gnocchi is great!)This is another place where since we moved from philadelphia four years ago, we try to go to every time we come back and visit. Maybe it's because of all the wonderful memories associated with this place, but there's no where like La Viola.
It's a BYOB Italian joint. During our time in Philly they opened up La Viola West across the street. Similar menu and owned by the same people, but La Viola West is slightly more spacious. 
Really consider this place to be an awesome date night location. Was also fun to come with a group of people for a birthday too.
The food is delicious and so reasonably priced. My favorites here have been the mussels hands-down. The sauce is so delicious, we have saved our bread in the past to dip into it. The pasta dishes are all pretty good, I've tried almost all of them. The only one that is meh is the gnocci. My husband got the steak special during his last time here and the meat was so tender and juicy. Prices are very reasonable.
Expect to rub elbows with the people next to you depending on where you are sitting. It's part of the charm, but some people don't like it (like my parents). 
Make sure you make a reservation. And bring a nice bottle of wine :) 
Cash only. There's an ATM down the street but avoid leaving your date to get money and bring enough.I met up with my friend and her boyfriend (third wheeling, I know) last Friday night for dinner downtown. And of course, it  was up to me to choose the restaurant. For the record- I hate making decisions. And especially when it comes to restaurants downtown since the only place that I can ever come up with is the consistently mediocre food from Marathon Grill. Bleh- no mood for settling for that tonight. Soo, I made a mental list of all the places we could go downtown and voila! I remembered how much my parents raved about La Viola and called information to reserve a table. Since it is BYOB, we stopped by the Wine and Spirits and picked up two bottles of vino. By the time we got to the restaurant, our table was ready for us.
One problem...this place is small. It's really just a rectangular room jam packed with tables, family style. Not only was I third wheeling this date, I was also the third wheel of the random couple sitting inches away from us at the same table. Talk about awkward. The girl on that date did not look pleased when we were seated, clearly ruining their romantic evening. Oh well. La Viola is so not the place to go for a quiet, intimate date. The place is way too loud I could barely hear what my friend was saying and we were practically sitting on top of each other. I don't like eating when I can even hear myself think. Another note: I felt really out of place. The other patrons were business executive types dressed up for a night on the town.  I described the restaurant later to my friend "like going out in Olde City, only with food". Not my scene, but what do I really expect on a Friday night at 16th and Locust?
Anyway on to the food. The menu is pretty limited, a few appetizers, some pasta dishes (a lot of which had seafood in them...disappointment), and some meat entrees as well. I opted for the orecchiette pasta with mushrooms, plum tomatoes, and sausage. There may have been one other ingredient but it was delicious, nonetheless. My friend ordered a pasta dish with salmon and her boyfriend got the veal. They enjoyed their meals as well. 
I just don't know if i will make a second trip to La Viola. The menu is too limited for my picky tastes and it was way too loud. If I do, I'll make sure to go on a nice night so I escape the noise and sit outside.My experience was great at this restaurant. I was taking a tour through Center City and decided to hop off the bus at the love park and after a quick search on yelp for an italian restaurant, decided to walk over La Viola. Don't regret it at all! even though they take reservations, I didn't have any issues for being a walk-in. The food was awesome and the dessert delicious. My friend had a (homemade) pasta and I had some amazing chicken. It is a BYOB place so that's a plus! The waiters were very professional and overall, I really enjoyed my experience at La Viola. You might want to make a reservation before arriving, since the place is relatively small and I can imagine that it gets crowded during peak hours/days.So the whole east west thing can be annoying. If you are looking for a quiet , private table then this ain't for you. The food is amazing. Last night I had the homemade chicken and spinach soup. It was delicious and the pasta special. Homemade red pepper linguini in a white wine sauce with prosciutto de parma and shrimp. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the sauce was delicious. I highly recommend you try it.BYOB for beginners.  That's all.
Always overbooked, even when their new outpost across the street accommodates more.  Even if you have a reservation, you'll still wait a while.  They insist on stuffing everyone in their tiny dining space so that you're practically eating in someone else's lap.  I have been to a slew (yes, a slew!) of BYOBs in the city and Viola is the worse by far in that respect.  
Service is just okay, sometimes forgetful- very average.  The turnaround is quite substantial - and they keep packin' em in and what suffers ultimately here is the quality of the food.  Simply speaking, it just ain't that good.
In a city of Italian eateries galore, Viola only survives because of its BYOB status and because you know, the food was good once and affordable, and now, well it's only affordable.  
Lots of big parties, with young, eager new diners with their mega-huge bottles of Yellowtail Chardonnay and Merlot - it's BYOB dining for the new set on a budget.  People keep returning here, and as long as they do, where's the incentive for Viola to change anything?We stumbled upon La Viola when all of the other area restaurants had an hour plus wait time on a Saturday @ 5:00. Small, cramped venue. Tables are close together to fit 60 diners. Service was attentive and exceptionally pleasant and professional. 
There were 5  of us so we were able to sample many of their dishes on their somewhat limited menu. Mussels in garlic sauce were excellent. Good size portion with plenty of dipping sauce. The grilled calamari was tasty, Caesar salad and misto salad are served as small plates for one. 
The  oricchetto pasta was prepared al dente with chicken, sausage and fresh mushrooms in a garlic sauce.  
The veal dish was tender and served with blanched Brussel sprouts and a scoop of mashed potatoes. 
Other flavorful dishes were the pasta with veal and olives and the penne vodka with peas and chunks of extra salty pancetta. 
The food was served hot and in a timely manner as we were heading to a show. The restaurant was full within ten minutes of being seated.  Call ahead for reservations
Fresh cannoli cake, tartufo and pistachio gelato were our dessert choices. 
La Viola is well worth a visit.  
Keep in mind it is a BYOB and CASH ONLY establishment.This restaurant is a Philly gem! It is the only reasonably priced quality restaurant in this high rent district. The only thing you have to keep in mind is that because of it's excellent reputation you have to plan your timing if you want a quick meal. If I have show tickets I arrive at 5:30 - 6:00 and I then I have the place to myself. Remember to bring your own.I came to Philadelphia on a work trip so I was traveling alone. My last night here I decided to try La Viola because of the great reviews. I stood in a line for 20-30 minutes before they finally told me that I should leave because they couldn't accommodate a table for one. I tried the other location and received the same response. Very disappointing not to mention rude.Great food at great price. I made a reservation because I had a larger party. They seated us right away. The wait staff was quick and friendly. They had several specials on weekend to accompany the regular menu. Everyone's dinner was very good. I highly recommend the spinach gnocchi. Dessert and dinner was even great!Mediocre Italian food in a ridiculously cramped setting.  Poor service, overpriced for what they serve.Delicious food, cute if a bit crowded and noisy environment, and amazing prices for the quality. One of my favorite Italian BYOB restaurants in Philadelphia.
This restaurant makes me feel like I am somewhere in Europe, a local non-touristy place in a neighborhood off the beaten path in Italy or even Paris. The tables are small and close together, the atmosphere is vibrant and energetic, the service is attentive and efficient but not fawning or pretentious.
And the food is wonderful. The menu is a fairly standard selection of traditional Philadelphia Italian - salads, seafoods, pastas, and veal. Nothing extraordinary in the offerings. But it is cooked so well, really delicious! 
Portions were very generous. I am very sensitive to restaurants that are fancy and serve tiny portions, and I left this meal completely satisfied and full. 
And the prices are amazing. For a Rittenhouse Square location, especially, these prices can't be beat. 
This definitely is a wonderful meal and a tremendous bargain as well.I was impressed by both the food and the service at la viola. We got the mussels and were given free bread (our second loaf) to dip in the sauce. My fiancé got a pork chop special that he loves and my pasta was delicious. I do wish they had more vegetarian options on their menu. Also, note that they are cash only, which seems a little strange with their high prices.The food was delicious, atmosphere great - high energy and busy, always a good sign for a restaurant on a Friday night.  Service was friendly and good, up until we were finished eating. The waiters and host made it blatantly obvious that they wanted us to leave - to a point where the host was standing behind me with fresh linens over his arm the last five minutes we were there. I understand it was a busy night and there were people waiting for a table, but it left us with a negative impression after what was a great dinner.Great Italian place. They have really nice menu with a big diverse food. Always nice going there and always full. Don't forget to bring cash with you cause it's the only way to pay. Liked this place a lotI've been living next door to la viola for over 4 years now,
you can't go wrong with starting with their salad special, grilled calimari, mussels in red sauce.  My fave entree is there chicken marco pollo- tender chicken topped with prosciutto cheese and white wine sauce, delicious! Prices are very reasonable.Three stars. One star for attentive service (yay for coat checks), one star for the food (the calamari, the orrechiette, and the seafood risotto) and one star for the cute and cozy ambiance (the restaurant is one room in a townhouse and lit by candle light). 
One star off for small portions--the seafood risotto had a pitiful amount of risotto in the middle; the amount of seafood was probably not enough to satisfy a grown man (read: my boyfriend). The orrechiette was delicious and the small portion was okay with me. The calamari appetizer was delicious as well--nice and tender with a hint of smokiness. But again, you only get like, seven rings of calamari on the plate.
Another star off for eating in a tiny, tiny space. It was not too busy when we ate, but we had to check our coats because there was no space to put them anywhere. I don't think I would come here if it were busy. Moreover, I don't think I'll go out of my way to come here unless to check out the Belgian beer bar across the street (lambic ale, anyone?)I had walked by La Viola numerous times and always wanted to go for dinner, so when I was planning dinner for my 25th birthday,  I called immediately to make my reservation!  I went with a group of about 8, and the place was very accommodating, albeit, cramped.  I'm a huge fan of BYO's, especially as a 20-something who would rather spend my money on a high quality meal that I couldn't prepare myself at home.
To start, one of my girlfriends and I started with the antipasta, which was delicious.  When trying to decide which entree to go with (they all looked too good to choose!) I found myself looking around the restaurant to see what other people had ordered and I knew that no matter what I chose I wouldn't go wrong.  I decided on the Lobster Ravioli for dinner, and it was unreal.  Having left my plate completely clean, and celebrating a birthday, we splurged for dessert.  The pumpkin cheesecake was superb, as was the chocolate cake that another friend ordered.  
The staff was so friendly, and were so excited to come out and sing happy birthday!  The only downside to this place is that it does get pretty noisy because of the small size and excitable groups that it attracts (birthdays, bachelorette parties, etc)  I felt bad for the young couple that came in for a quiet date night who sat next to us, though La Viola has a location across the street that does seem more suitable for intimate dinners.  I'll have to try it over there next!I have been to La Viola a few times in the past and have always thought of it as a place to get a solid Italian meal in Philly.  It is a little tight inside, but most of the BYOs are the same in that respect.  
This past weekend I went with a party of 6 to celebrate a friends birthday.  We had to wait outside for about 40 minutes before we were seated, even though we had a reservation.  We noticed that there was a large party of about 20-25 people also waiting--this is a small place so we hoped that we could get get seated and get our order in first.  We were finally seated in a odd place--the front corner where they shoved a round table into a two person square table which was pretty uncomfortable.  We were then served burnt bread which we had to send back.  The rest of the food which included grilled calamari, the special salad, Barramundi and a few of the pastas were decent but nothing special to write home about.  My Barramundi was good but when I got half way through I noticed they had taken the bread which would have been nice to have with the remaining sauce.  I tried to flag down the waiter but by the time he returned it was no longer needed.
Our real problem with the night was with the handling of the large party--after singing happy birthday at least three times before dinner was served and having the birthday girl stand up to give a speech/toast I approached the hostess to ask if they could have the party quiet down.  In response I was told that they had made the party wait two hours to sit (during which time they had obviously started on their BYO wine) so they could not ask them to do anything.  I am unsure how the restaurant's inability to manage reservations should be my table's problem, but apparently it was to the staff at La Viola.  We did not get so much as an apology for the drunken behavior of the party which really started to ruin our dinner.  La Viola should really take care to respect all of their patrons.So for some reason this place has been distinguished as a Philadelphia staple, or so it seems.  Most people from the area have eaten here at least once before.  Overall, I wasn't overly impressed.  Maybe it's because I'm from Jersey where people REALLY know how to make Italian.  I don't know.
So to start, we had a 7PM reservation.  If you're gonna go there, definitely get a reservation, but still, definitely expect to wait.  We waited about 30 minutes or so (there were 6 of us), but there were at least 20 people that waited longer than we did.  They have you wait in what's pretty much a hallway outside the main restaurant room.  And from what other reviews seem to note, 30 minutes wasn't bad at all.
So when we get inside, it's crammed.  Tables for two are right on top of each other (less than a foot between tables).  We're right up against the kitchen so there are waiters and waitresses knocking into our chairs all dinner.  And it's loud.  And the entire time we felt a bit rushed (which I can see why with a ton of people always waiting for a table).
To start, we ordered some calamari for the table.  It was grilled so it had a lot more flavor than your typical variety.  Sauce it was cooked with was pretty tasty too.
For dinner, they have all the average Italian stuff on the menu.  Being a bit adventurous, I decided to go with the special for the evening, which was a mix of pasta, chicken, and shrimp with a tomato sauce.  Overall, the dish was kinda blah.  The sauce was very bland.  Chicken and pasta were cooked fine.  But what people say on Yelp about the seafood is absolutely true.  It was terrible.  Previously frozen, very tough consistency, and a flavor that's hard to pinpoint but a flavor I didn't really like at all.  More fishy than shrimpy.  
It is BYOB, so that's a good thing.  But you can find a lot of other places in Philly that are BYOB.  The appetizer was good too, and some other people at my table liked their entrees (standard Italian stuff that's hard to screw up).  Bottom line: don't come here to get blown away, don't come here if you're impatient as you WILL have to wait, and don't come here to have a good conversation.  I'd recommend looking elsewhere.  Philly has plenty of other restaurants.Had dinner w a friend here last night and it was wonderful. When told they were byob we were about to leave when they said they would be able to serve us single glasses so we stayed. The food was delicious, every course--plentiful and expertly prepared. The ambience is quiet and romantic. Additionally, the table next to us offered us some of their wine which we thought was very kind. And lastly, they allowed us to linger until midnight . Would come again absolutely.i was skeptical about going for italian because i have NEVER (except for pizza) had good italian in the states, despite the large italian population in the philadelphia area.
i have to say that the food was so tremendous that it overcame the hour i drove around for parking (this is REALLY hard to do), the extremely cramp seat i had and the extremely noisey inside.
i shared the pasta special and the fish special (tuna) which were both excellent and fair priced.Possibly the worst dining experience ever. 
I have been to La Voila twice before and always considered it a nice byo and have recommended it to many people.
However, last evening changed all of that! We had a large party and were sat in the basement party area.  When making the reservation my friend knew in advance about the prix fixe menu. I have food allergies so she inquired if I could order from the regular menu if the prix fixe menu didn't have anything I could eat. They said 'no problem'. 
We get to the restaurant and I look over the prix fixe- I can't eat any of it. So I request the regular menu and was told no. I explained that we had asked when making our reservation and after a little bit was allowed to order from the main menu. I decided on a salad and two appetizers. When it was my turn to order I was told I could only order from the prix fixe- I told them AGAIN that I could not eat any of the offerings.  I then requested  a salad and two appetizers and was told NO! you get only one! In the rudest of voices. I ended up being  charged $35 for $16 dollars worth of food.
The food- my salad was bland. The mussels were terribly over cooked so much so the shells were breaking down into the mussels and broth. And served lukewarm.  
Bread- a table of 22 people was served 2 baskets of bread.  We requested more bread- from SIX different people. No one would give us more bread- isn't bread a staple of every italian restaurant?!?! After over an hour and asking 6 people we finally were given an additional basket. Forget about seconds.
Dessert- I get it. We brought our own cake. The prixe fixe menu included dessert. They did not serve us dessert yet... still charged us...of course!  i ordered a cup of coffee and it never arrived. 
Paying the bill... although their website states "ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED."  they would only accept cash... 
I really have nothing positive to say about this place. I will never recommend it again- no matter how accommodating they are on the phone. The food is mediocre and the service is deplorable.  Who leaves a restaurant having spent $35 + tax + tip still hungry?!?! This place maybe a victim of its own popularity....Summary: fine but fairly generic food, noisy, b.y.o.b
Review: The food at La Viola was not interesting or innovative, but overall fairly tasty. My salad was not good - came with a remarkably bland cheese. But, my pasta was tasty and my girlfriend enjoyed the veal medallions. 
Tables are right on top of each other and the place is very noisy. Have to yell to be heard across even a small table. 
BYOB is nice.Food was excellent, wait staff SUCKED.  Made the experience crappy.  Will not be returning just because of the staff.  One waiter actually got very nasty because our party of 14 were not all paying attention at once while he read the dessert menu.  He stated that he would NOT be repeating himself!!!  Another server (possibly the same obnoxious one) told us outright that he would not be coming back and forth to take our drink orders.  THE WORST STAFF EVER.I've been to La Viola plenty of times and it never disappoints.  
Went here with my parents and in-laws and everyone seemed to enjoy the food, although my father-in-law did say the lamb could've used more garlic.
Although it's not the best BYO in the city, it's one of the most accommodating and affordable places.  They take reservations, which is great if you have a big party as many BYO's either won't take reservations or make you wait until your entire party is present before you can even put your name in.  
Most of the entrees are priced between $14-20, even for meat dishes.  The portion sizes are just right too.  Service is always on point too.
Perhaps not the classiest of places, but great when you want to have a nice dinner, but are watching your pennies.  Speaking of pennies, La Viola is cash only so hit the ATM prior to going.You get a fine dining experience for a very reasonable cost. To top it off its BYOB, which I love. I have tried the Samon, the vodka sauce ravioli and devoured the chocolate cake for dessert. Its a great place to try if you have not done so already.Very nice popular spot for Italian food. Everyone in our party was pleased. Our orders included a wide variety of dishes.Crowded? um that would be a big YES. 
And I don't mean crowded as in it was a full restaurant, I mean crowded as in it was a FULL restaurant with mere inches between tables and narrow walkways for waiters! Insanity!!! 
But very tasty, and the people were all really friendly, so the crowded thing was actually kind of fun.  Though the dishes seemed small when they came out, they were MORE than filling, and very very tasty.
One thing though, my lobster ravioli didn't really seem very lobstery. I looked inside one of them and I would swear it was just cheese, tasted like it too.  I have had lobster ravioli before and it is delicious and noticeably lobstery.  Not so for this one.  So several points off for giving me cheese ravioli when you are charging for lobster, but man--it was so tasty--I kind of don't care!
I don't know that I would come back, but it was a wonderful night out on the town spot for a nice meal when visiting the city.I have eaten here several times and I have always enjoyed my meal. This is real Italian food and I absolutely applaud the owners for keeping it simple and authentic....most of the time. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the cramped space and the occasional "appeasement" dishes that make it to the menu to satisfy crowds that don't share an Italian heritage. If they took off the gloves I could easily imagine eating octopus here and loving every second of it.One of my favorite places in Philadelphia! Great service. Charming atmosphere. Authentic Italian. Pasta made in-house.  Very fresh!La Viola was an enticing spot to bring out-of-town guests to balance showcasing a classic Philly BYO with the assurance of a reservation. While the food was good (especially for the price point of $30/person including shared apps and desserts with individual pasta entrees), the waitstaff/kitchen annoyingly ignored all requests they initially agreed to (prosciutto on the side of the salad to accommodate the vegetarian and a side of grilled chicken for a non-vegetarian). 
The Ravioli Alla Viola had a lot of lobster although I would have preferred bigger chunks of meat. The Gnocchi Al Filletto Di Pomodoro was light and tasty. The appetizer salads were good-sized, and the desserts (chocolate lovers' delight Dark Side of the Moon, Tiramisu, and Pumpkin Cheesecake) all were delicious.I order the Filet medium rare. Well done and well seasoned with great service. However the sides were absolute garbage, in particular for a $30 plate. I was given two tiny pieces of roasted potatoes and 3 cut slices of squash. Neither paired well with the steak, especially given the size of the steak in comparison to the portion of the sides. Much better Italian places in Philly.I would love to do a longitudinal study of couples who go to La Viola, and the effects of the endless waiting you do before you sit down.  Waiting for two hours, out in the cold, for your name to called with everyone else.  It can put a strain on a night.
If the earth were exploding, and you were trying to get on the last rocket ship leaving the planet, there would be less of a crowd at that ship than outside of La Viola.  
And what's even more awesome is that the hostess said it was a 10-15 minute wait for a table.  Was it a lie?  Yes.  Yes it was.  10 minutes turned into two hours.  Apparently, it doesn't matter if you have a reservation.  The rule of law holds no power at La Viola.
Once we were seated it was perfectly fine Italian food.  We also sat next to a Chase Utley look-a-alike, so I bumped the review up to two stars.  
The take aways: five star waiting.  Three star food.  Skip it.A very reasonably priced casual BYOB Italian joint.  The staff is friendly and outdoor seating is available when the weather is nice.  The Orecchiette Alla Romana is simply awesome (pasta dish with chicken and sausage).
The place is not large so it probably gets crowded on a friday or saturday evening -- so it might be best to avoid those nights if you're worried about a crowd.  And its cash ONLY so be prepared for that.My boyfriend and I love going to BYO's. Every weekend, we sit around throwing out ideas for new ones to visit... and half the time we inevitably settle on La Viola for the umpteenth time. 
Appetizers: Even though the mushroom salad doesn't sound like anything great, you can't go wrong with 3 kinds of mushrooms soaked in buttery goodness. 
Pastas: Orechiette with garlic and sausage is perfectly chewy and flavorful - just the right amount of meat and vegetables for a pasta meal. Lobster ravioli is great - the pink sauce is milder and less creamy than a lot of other lobster ravioli's i have had. 
Entrees: I normally don't order their meats but the veal medallions (ala Viola) are very tender and flavorful. 
Even though they have opened a newer restaurant with a larger space and the same menu across the street, I still like going to the original. Something about squeezing in inches next to your dining neighbor appeals to me... or maybe it's just because the dishes are $1-2 cheaper than the new place.I would give this place a 3.5
It has reallllly good food, but it just isn't that over the top taste or experience. It is great for the price and I have never had a dish that I haven't liked, but don't go here if you want something out if this world.
It's a nice above standard Italian place. They so cramp you in your tables, so it gets noisy. Good service thoughMy sister loves the bread here and raved about the prices so my bf and I checked it out yesterday. We were glad that we called ahead (approx 2 hours) to make a reservation for 7PM. Even so, we waited for  few minutes. While we were waiting, a girl came in and asked about the wait for a table for 2 and the hostess directed her across the street for  La viola West as the place was sold out for the evening.
We started our meal with a great Riesling, which went well with our mushroom appetizer (3 kinds of mushroom in garlic sauce) (Yay Yelpers who suggest yummy appetizers!).
I got the veal with artichokes and liked it a bunch. It came with snow peas and mashed potatoes.
Bf got the fettucine pizzaola which came with capers and olive and red peppers, but was a little heavy on the tomatoes.
Too full for dessert so we'll have to try that next time.
Perhaps a bigger group than 2 is better. It was rather loud  and somewhat better for a party of 3 or more.BYOB and very yummy. gets loud but the food is worth it - especially the salmon tagliatelleNot the best BYOB service, and the food was just okay. We tried the chicken fontina and the salmon, and both were served with the same type of sauce. Doesn't seem very authentic Italian to me.
Probably won't be back.I'm enamored by the fact that La Viola has restaurants on BOTH sides of the street. I mean that shows how legit the value of this place. I definitely thought that the service was top notch. The waiter was very knowledgeable and was attentive. However, they are like a little bit of a factory.... they won't change the dish really other than what is on the menu.
The food is good, but not life changing.
This is an excellent BYO, not the best -- certainly far from the worst.
I will definitely be back.... I mean they have open table .... Hello OT points??Random points:
The food is very good. 
The service is also good.
It gets a bit loud and hard to hear your dining partner.
The tables are close together. If you don't like people, this is not the place for you.
Multiple misspellings on the menu.
Cash only.
I would eat here again.I adore this place. Been coming here for years now. Great friendly service, amazing food, and a BYOB? What more could you ask for. It's especially a steal during restaurant week - but I come here much more than that. Every once and awhile we'll get seated next to an obnoxious, rowdy group on a Saturday/Friday night which is to be expected since it's such a tight, intimate setting. Not really the restaurants fault though. This side is also usually much more quiet than the other side, which is good to know depending what you're looking for!Went to La Viola for restaurant week.  Its a small restaurant with a good ambiance, and is quiet so it was easy to have a conversation through the entire table.  The food was great and portions were of a good size.  For restaurant week, I definitely left full!  A great value.I was torn between 3 stars and 4 stars, but I'm trying to exercise some discipline here. La Viola is a small Italian BYO a few blocks off Rittenhouse. The service was very attentive. The food is solid if not spectacular Italian with a menu filled mostly by salads and pastas. I found the food to be solid but not great. The flavors are good, but textures in the food and presentation were off. What saves La Viola is the prices which are extremely reasonable. When you combine those factors La Viola makes a solid but not spectacular place to come and enjoy a bottle of wine with some decent food.I tend to be picky about Italian food, having grown up in an Italian-American household, which is why I give 3 stars. This was average in my book, not bad but nothing too special. I was surprised that our order only took a couple of minutes to come out after we had placed it - to me, it just seemed like too little time for the kitchen staff to have paid full attention to the food. I did appreciate the different options, including seafood, on the menu, which were not typical of an Italian-American restaurant (in a good way!). The servers were very nice and attentive. The BYOB concept really worked for this place, and what was lacking in the food for me was made up by the atmosphere. I really appreciated that they (our waiter as well as the manager or owner, I wasn't sure which) checked on us often, but did not rush us out in any way.Super good and super loud. I took away a star because it's always so loud, you literally have to scream at the person across from you. Besides that part-- the food is great. My favorite italian place in the city.My wife and I and our friends had a marvelous meal here. The veal was spectacular and we cut it with our fork. Service was top notch. Will definitely come back.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Excellent gnocchi, only complaint was that there wasn't enough sauce. The service was attentive, but maybe a little overbearing. Since this place is an old-school Italian eatery the service fits. A great place to take parents or friends visiting Philly.La Viola has great food, I have taken several out of town people to La Viola to experience the Philly BYO at a great place.  
Highlights for me:  
The staff is pretty much all Albanian.  This amuses me greatly as they serve me my delicious Italian.  
Half orders of the pasta.  Anything besides the lobster ravioli and homemade pasta of the day can come in half.  Call me indecisive or extra hungry but I need some pasta in addition to my entree, salad and dessert, and a half order is just right to fulfill my craving.  Try the gnocchi.  MMMMMM.  
The dessert menu.  I have eaten now all of their standard dessert menu, and everything has been phenomenal.  One warning - we ordered "strawberry short cake" and I think this was just a mis-speak on the waiter's part, because it was more like a cake that had some hint of strawberry in it.  No traditional fresh strawberries or whipped cream, just a light cake.  The moon cake & the tartuffo are my favorite.  
This place is small - even when you're seated outside and it feels less claustrophobic - you are still VERY involved with the people next to you.  I'm okay with this, I think it's kind of fun, but just be prepared.Looking to step out of our normal restaurant zone, we went to La Viola on Saturday night for date night.  We were given many, many, many recommendations for La Viola by numerous friends and co-workers so we figured it's gotta be good.  We had a  7pm reservation and were seated shortly after.  
Since I read a bunch of reviews on Yelp and heard from friends that it was a pretty small space, I wasn't surprised or uncomfortable with the closeness of the tables to our dining neighbors. There was a bachelorette party and many other large parties here on Saturday night. 
After we were seated, our wine was poured, waters were brought out for us, and bread was delivered to our table. Our wine was put on ice and our server shared the specials with us. We reviewed the menu and asked our waiter if we could put in for an order of the mussels in white wine sauce while we decided on our main courses.  He said he had to take our whole order at once so he'd be back in a few minutes... 10 minutes later he returned and we put in our order. Our waters were kept full by a team of servers/bussers/water boys, and we were offered more wine multiple times in that 10 minutes before our waiter took our order.
Fast forward twenty minutes, we still don't have our appetizer and one of the tables seated at the same time as us has already eaten their main courses (they didn't order any appetizers except a salad) and left the restaurant.  A new couple was seated at the table to my left and had a calamari appetizer in front of them, they jokingly asked us if we were eating dinner since they had been seated so long after us and already had been served their appetizer.  We started to wonder what was going on but didn't really make a big deal  out of it since we (luckily) weren't really in a hurry. We put a dent in our bottle of wine, and a different server asked if we were ready for our main courses... we explained to him that we had never gotten our appetizer. He was very apologetic and went to talk to our original waiter.  The original waiter came over to our table and asked "What was your appetizer order?... and what did you want for your main courses?"  He had completely forgotten about us.  We sat there for a solid half hour in total with no food, he hadn't checked on us, and if it wasn't for one of the other servers noticing we probably would've sat there for another hour.  To this guy's credit the place was packed and he was all over the place, however for a table to be sitting there with no food for that long of a time and it didn't dawn on him to check on us for so long it was just poor service and lack of caring on his part.  The couple next to us obviously heard what had happened and said "well maybe you'll get something free out of it" (Spoiler alert: that did not happen).  
Our mussels were brought out about 5 minutes after we ordered them for the second time, and I'm pretty sure they were freshly prepared and not forgotten about in the kitchen or anything. They were delicious and our entrees were both good too. I had the seafood risotto, he had the salmon with fettuccini. The food was good, the portions were right for the price.  Our waiter never apologized or acknowledged his screw up.  We were going to not be too generous with his tip, but because we were fairly certain they probably share tips there based on how the service operated, we didn't want to punish anyone else for his screw up.  All of the other bussers/servers/water guys/wine refillers were so nice and very attentive.  I literally think almost every time my water glass was half full someone was refilling it for me.  I am sad to say on my first visit I would give La Viola a 2.5 out of 5 based on our waiter.  The other servers bumped it up to a 3, along with the food.  Despite being forgotten, I think we would return again in the hopes that this was maybe just an anomaly.  I would definitely take 2 bottles of wine next time though!This is a great BYOB place, except for their cash only policy. I've been here twice before I got on Yelp, and each visit was a delight. I'd love this place as a dating restaurant. 
This time we ordered the mussel and mushroom as the starter, and daily special pasta and fish. Everything was perfect. The amount of food, I had to say, is less compared to other places, however enough for a 165lbs asian guy like me. 
It is a small place so it gets really crowded after 6:30. Don't know if they allow reservations since I always arrive around 6pm.
And for what might be worth mentioning, their specials are about 1.5 times the common price on the menu.Been twice now.  Good little BYOB.  Everyone had very tasty pasta dishes.  Friendly and attentive enough service even when crowded.  It is slightly cramped and even got quite loud on a Saturday night.  For good Italian food the cost is great.  Everyone at our table had salads and mains and our bill came to just around $100 for five people!This place should have more stars. I've never had a bad experience here. Then again I get the gnocchi every time so I may not be the best person to give a  review.
Excellent staff, amazing food, great atmosphere.We were there recently with a large crowd in the back room and everything was great.  The staff was super pleasant and helpful.  The food was very good and served hot.  It is a small place but the location near the Kimmel Center makes it worth the any problems with the coziness of the location.  Great food, service, and location - all winners in my book.Wow! I really have nothing bad to say about my experience last night. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. We didn't know it was restaurant week but decided to stay anyway. The hostess said the four course restaurant week menu featured pretty much everything that's on their regular menu and that the portions are the same as usual. She was absolutely right. A lot of places will have minimal choices and smaller portions because they're not really making money during restaurant week. La Viola has set the bar high. The place is a little cramped and loud but to me that's part of the bistro dining experience. I liked the atmosphere.
The food was delicious! Everything we ordered was flavorful and cooked perfectly. My salad of smoked trout over spring mix, artichokes and capers was the perfect blend of flavors and textures. My mussels were perfectly cooked and the white wine broth I could have drank it was so good. I sopped up as much as I could with bread but didn't want to get too full for the main course. My boyfriend's grilled calamari was tender and had a light smoky flavor that I loved. I got the ribeye as the main course served with mushrooms in a red wine sauce. It was tasty and cooked medium just as I asked. My boyfriend's pork chop stuffed with prosciutto was amazing. I never order pork chops out of fear of it being overcooked and dry but it wasn't. We were so full we couldn't finish our main courses so they packed up the rest and our two tiramisus to go. They gave two generous portions of tiramisu. After tasting I can say it was light and not too sweet which I like.
The waitstaff was on top of their game last night. Right away they poured us a glass of the white wine we brought and kept the bottle chilled til we needed more. We had our main server but they all were attentive and catered to our needs refilling water, asking if we wanted more bread, fresh cracked pepper, clearing empty plates, etc... I hope it was not just because it was restaurant week. I guess we'll see next time we go back which we will since we live in the area. Hopefully, I'll be writing an update with the same glowing reviews as this one.Although I'm leaving 3 stars, my experience more of a 3.75 just short of 4 stars. First, I dined here last night for restaurant week and for my different courses I chose the insalata pesces (smoked trout salad, mussels in white sauce, veal topped with crab and arugula, tiramisu, and a cappuccino. The smoked trout salad was the best thing I ate that night. It had bold, fresh flavored with olives, capers, and artichoke in a Italian dressing or vinaigrette. The mussels were ok nothing special, and I did not care for the veal although I ate it. Maybe I'm just not a veal person. It came with two potato pieces, two broccoli pieces, and a sliver of bell pepper. Those sides were more like garnishes. The tiramisu was moist but not memorable or flavorful. The cappuccino was nice and strong.I don't know.. everyone loves this place but I think it's overrated. I got the Orecchiette Alla Romana, which was good but nothing amazing. It was also kind of cold (although we WERE sitting outside). It was crowded and rowdy outside too, and I can only imagine it would be worse inside. At first they offered us a seat in the dark alleyway... which we refused and waited for the table to be set up on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. They only brought out 2 soups instead of the 3 we ordered, and then they came out with it an hour later when we were done eating. It was "affordable" but there are many other affordable Italian places (BYO or not) in the city, and I'd much rather go to like Amis or something next time. Meh.I love Philly BYOBs! 
This place feels like you are really having a fancy evening without the fancy price tag! 
Also, no corking fee! 
Pros- Warm crusty bread with proper herbed dipping oil to start, love it. 
I had the mushroom appetizer which was so delicious. For my entree, the orecchiette dish. I've had this twice because it is so good.
My friend had the lobster ravioli which she loved, but was VERY very small for an entree. 
Honestly, if you are on a budget and still looking for a "nice" date night without the cost, come to La Viola. Bring wine. Come at 5 if you want the restaurant to yourself! 
Cons- Laminated menus? Really? Come on.I've been to La Viola east & west - I prefer west because it was a little more spacious and the menu had a few more appealing options to me. The food at both places is great, but I really wasn't wowed by either of my experiences. It's nice that it's a BYO, but for the portions you get I do think it's a little overpriced. All in all, both were good and I'm glad I went once to each. Definitely worth a try, but not somewhere I'd go back to repeatedly.La Viola Bistro had one of the largest restaurant week menus I've ever seen, with five choices for the first course, four choices for the second course, and a whopping TWENTY choices for the third course (entree), and then five or six selections for desserts. Plus complimentary coffee and tea.
It's a very intimate place, and the tables were quite packed, but the wait staff kindly took our coats and bags to another room. We had a large party (about 18 people) and the service was just excellent. 
I stuck to a "seafood theme" - ordered the smoked trout salad, grilled calamari, and the fish of the day. All were amazing. Good saltiness in the smoked trout salad, a hint of citrus but not too overpowering in the calamari, and very nicely seasoned fish of the day. I've never had a white fish so bursting with flavor before. Wow! The only minor thing was that the calamari was a little too chewy. 
Dessert wasn't anything spectacular (had the pistachio gelato) but I am interested in coming back to try some pasta dishes. 
Great little BYOB place!I chose to come here for NYE dinner, and I couldn't have been more satisfied. There was a 3 course dinner menu with diverse options, excellent service and it is BYOB. I.t was a busy night for them so the dining spaces were tight. I could over hear and involve myself (if I desired) in my neighbors conversation. This was fitting to the small Italian restaurant that it is! 
For starters we chose the mozzarella caprese salad and grilled calamari. They were both packed with so much flavor! At first glance I thought the portions were tiny, but by the end I felt the perfect amount of satisfaction and the portions made sense! 
For dinner I decided on the Stripped Seabass, it came with snow peas, capers and a savory, delectable white wine sauce. The entire dish went together perfectly! The fish was tender and juicy! 
My boyfriend chose the saffron linguine, saffron is a spice. Not sure if the saffron is made into the pasta or in the sauce but either way, his reaction was priceless! 
Overall I had such a great experience at La Viola and can't wait to go back again!I came here expecting many good things. But my night was pretty much soured after having to waiting 45 minutes to be seated, and we had a reservation!! Good thing it was BYOB and we had a bottle of wine or else I would have left. 
They really need to get themselves together. We had a reservation for 3 at 7. We get there at 7 and the place is packed and overflowing. We have to stand in a small hallway area trying in vain to get the hostesses attention. Another guy came right after us also had a reservation for 7, for 6 people. We were both told we had to wait until people left. This is one restaurant were people don't leave. I noticed that two tables outside had been there when we arrived (and where eating their entrées) and were still there when we were receiving our checks. The other guy ended up leaving because they had nothing open. It's a shame when you even make a reservation and a restaurant fails to accommodate. 
After 45 minutes we noticed that a table for four had been empty for about 5 minutes. My group of 3 had been debating whether it had been reserved or not, but finally decided that we had reservations and should have dibs on the table. So we pointed it out to the hostess who hesitated in giving it to us (NO IDEA WHY) but finally did. It wasn't til after we received our appetizer that other tables cleared out. Thats about another 15 minutes we would have had to wait. Hell no.
We had the calamari and it was good. Not the best I've had but no were near the worst. For the entrée I had this sausage dish with orechiette. I couldn't remember the name of it but luckily I could browse the yelp reviews for it. It annoys me when I can't find a restaurants menu online, but that's what makes yelp so fantastic. I ca just browse the reviews. But seriously, La Viola, come up with a webpage. It's easy. 
But I remember enjoying my entrée, and having the best dish out of the three of us. My friend had the fettucini with salmon and it was good but not something I would get if I ever (and that's probably not going to happen) come back. And I can't remember the third dish. It was ok but obviously not memorable.
It's a small restaurant and the tables are packed closely, but they somehow (but barely) make it work. People come here to chat after meals. This isn't some place to eat and leave. The food is okay but the wait (especially if you have reservations) is not. 
Also, I found it weird that they had outside dining but no umbrellas. It was pouring in intervals that day and I noticed that people were using their own umbrellas to shield themselves. That's just ridiculous. Invest in some table umbrellas. Ridic.The BEST Italian Restaurant in Philly! The food is delicioussssss! Beside the food the service is also great and very friendly! I highly recommend it for big parties, family dinners or just a to go place with your friends. The prices are pretty cheap for the food and service they provide! I never get disappointed of that place!Not good.  My wife and i just spent 30 minutes in what seems like it could be a nice B & B. Instead, we were rushed through a so so meal with awful service and world-class lousy atmosphere.
1) the food was generic fare -- antipasto = store bought deli meats on lettuce; Penne was store bought with the hardest pancetta I've ever had to gnaw through; home made lobster ravioli had distracting pepper spice that masked what little lobster was waved over the dish; parmesan dumped on my seafood pasta before i could protest
2) the service was bad -- we spent the night having silverware and plates and bread and food unceremoniously slung onto our table, which at least distracted us from having a constant series of wait-ass in our faces;
3) it was DEAFENING!!!!!!!!!  And crowded and did i say LOUD. 
4) all this fun took 28 minutes.......
.......too long!
Don't go.Dinner here was absolutely delicious. Started off with the caesar salad which was good but had dressing that was a tad heavy on the anchovy. Had a bit of a fishy taste to it.
For my entree I had the penne alla caruso. It was super creamy and the pasta was cooked to perfection. All my friends at the table who tasted it, loved it as much as I did. I only wish the portion was a little larger like most Italian restaurants in the city.
I ended up eating a couple bites off a friend's tiramisu for dessert which was hands down the best part of the meal. I've never had such freshly made tiramisu. It was so soft and smooth that I dream about it now at home.
Four stars because they seated us past our 7pm reservation time and then leered at us and stopped refilling our water glasses once it hit 9pm, their next seating time. Otherwise the service and menu prices were great. And it's BYOB!I came to La Viola Bistro this week with a group of my girlfriends and our experience was excellent.  Only three out of nine of us were on time for our reservation, and since they already had our table ready, they let us sit down right away.  They served us some wine and patiently waited for over 20 minutes until our whole group showed up.  The waiters joked around with us, which apparently has caused other people to write negative reviews, but we found them to be very polite and attentive.  
The food was absolutely delicious.  I had the veal with artichokes, sundried tomatoes and white wine sauce with capellini pasta on the side.  Their menu had a lot of options that looked good so it was hard to choose, but I was very happy with my meal.  The prices were beyond reasonable, with the average dish being under $20.  The seating is tight and it is cash only BYOB so these things are good to know, but I will definitely be coming back.Good food. Wish I was aware that it's BYOB and CASH ONLY before we had sat down. We weren't aware of the BYOB and the waiter was incredibly accommodating and gave us two glasses of the house red. Prices and portions were reasonable. Nice choice.I recently visited with some friends for a birthday. After waiting 45 minutes past our reservation because it was raining outside (drizzle) and we wanted an inside table as requested. Despite 45 minutes waiting there are no tables and they decide to seat us outside. Not even an apology for anything. The service really ruined the night.It was my husband b-day and we made a reservation for more than 15 people with a week advance! By  the time we were at the restaurant we waited more than 1.5 hour to sit and after a lot of stress and discussion with maitre and host they placed us in a table for 10 ...but we were in 15 ....it was my better-half b-day and I felt very bad about the situationGreat BYO location for large groups.
Be careful because it will get loud!
Great service and yummy food.I lived across the courtyard from La Viola for a year and a half. Let's just say our building was infested with mice and cockroaches, and that the workers frequently left shrimp tails in the gardens when they ate their early dinner out there. All I ever got from them was attitude when I glimpsed into their filthy stock room when I walked past the back door. There are so many other places for great Italian food like Le Virtu and Tre Scalini down on Passyunk Avenue in South Philly. Run, don't walk, away from La Viola!One of Philly's great BYOB Italian restaurants. While dinning my partner and I split the Ceasar Salad for our appetizer. The dressing had a great taste to it. For an entree I ordered the Pan Seared Sirloin was also great and was served with aspargus and fingerling potato's. We will definitely revisit this restaurant again in the near future. The staff and atmosphere is great and it is always good to bring your own wine..Its been awhile since I've liked an Italian restaurant, given that the bf is an EXcellent chef of pasta - but this place is fabulous! A first fave of mine in Philly. The decor is nice..a small SF-esque place that made me feel right at home. Not that I'm Italian at all (what, with being 5 ft tall and having squinty eye) (don't be shocked, i can be racist about my own kind -- but YOU can't!! ha ha) but it felt very Italian. Probably because I could barely understand that waiters due to heavy Italian accents. (though my friend said it was a Russian accent...ehh same difference) 
GET IT: 
--Mussels: I don't even really like mussels but the wine sauce they come in is great. (The empty-of-mussels-bowl was kept through the whole meal for the sauce+bread combo)
--Calamari: Grilled, not fried. Comes with a fresh tomato bruschetta type topping
--Penne a la Vodka: I think this is the BEST penne+vodka sauce I've had (though bf's is very close..heh). I think better than Patsy's in NY, which is pret-ty darn yums. 
BYOB is freaking awesome. I love that so many places are BYOB here so that I don't hafta spend an extra $10-$20...-$30-$40...on glasses/bottles of wine. And overall, this place is totally affordable. Go Philly!My favorite Italian food in Philly! All their dishes are absolutely delicious. I've had lamb chops ,  various seafood dishes , their specials and every single time it's delicious, hearty Italian meals. I prefer this place over giorgio's or mercato.I ate here yesterday and I thought it was ok. We ordered the mussels and calamari to start with- they tasted good. For our main courses we shared the special which was a black 
Linguini with salmon and shrimp, the shrimp was over cooked, the pieces of salmon were vey tiny and overall this dish was nothing amazing. We got the gnocchi which was good. The spicy veal marinara pasta had very little veal, the marinara was just not spicy... It was bland. Nice service but overall disappointed from the food, thought it would be much better bc I heard a lot of good things.The food was amazing.. the ambiance was fun and festive.. and the prices were DOWN RIGHT PERFECT. YES.. My new fav gem!Went on a Saturday, place was packed but they were still able to sit us with a reservation in under 10 minutes. Staff was friendly and efficient.  Food was decent but not fantastic. Overall a nice night out.Ok but not spectacular or particularly exciting. Nice restaurant, decent service. Menu had a lot of veal entrees that looked very similar (like veal medallions topped with either vegetables, lump crab, or other items), and really not enough vegetable sides to complement the dishes. I had an arugula goat cheese salad which was very nice, although I wonder at the pairing with tomato and marinated artichoke hearts. The acidity of the tomato and marinade on the artichokes ruined the palate for the nuttiness of the arugula, although the goat cheese went fairly well with it. For my main dish, I got the veal medallions topped with lump crabmeat, arugula (I'm sensing a theme here) and vegetables. Again, not enough veggies to please me and the lump crabmeat was minimal and just ok. Reasonably priced restaurant for the area--my meal was about $30 before tip. The restaurant interior was nice, although a bit crowded (tables and chair very close together).Very Good BYOB.  Make sure to sit inside.  Very busy and loud but it is a great atmosphere.  Everyone's meal was great.  I was with a group of 6 and everyone was happy with there selection.   Northern Italy influence.  Wait staff was excellent.  Be sure to check it outLa Viola is our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. They have two locations across the street from one another. Both are BYOB. The original restaurant is much smaller and more cramped than their newer location. Note that the seating from one table to the next is very close and it can get loud when crowded. 
Their food is consistently excellent. Their soups are delicious; they are pureed and never made with cream. At our last visit, they had spinach and potato soup that both my wife and I enjoyed. For our entrees, my wife loves their chicken marsala and I always have their fish of the day which at our last visit was tuna. The sauce on their entrees is wonderful. For dessert, their tiramisu is excellent. We have brought our family when visiting the city for a holiday concert. Service is excellent.One of the few restaurants that is priced decently.  I had the special homemade ravioli with chicken and shrimp and  the mousse chocolate cake for $30.  Probably one of the cheapest meals I've had so far in Center City.
The service was painfully slow, at times I think the waiter forgot we were even sitting outside.  We had two waiters which confused them because they both took our order.  They served us bread and 10 minutes later gave us the olive oil.  When our main meal came out we asked for Parmesan cheese and black pepper.  We waited at least 5 minutes before we had to get up and go find the waiter so that our food wouldn't get cold.
Overall, decent food at a decent price.  Perhaps sit inside for better service?I would never come here of my own volition (read: wallet), but recently had the good fortune of being treated to dinner here by my boyfriend's mom, an Italian who wanted good Italian food. For fancy-shmancy cuisine, you certainly can't beat the price here-- I would say our dishes were worth at least what we paid for, and the free delicious crusty bread (bring on the refills!) certainly helped.
My boyfriend got some sort of chicken roll-up which he said was delicious, and his side of vegetables and mashed sweet potatoes was nice and simple but also tasty.
His mother got the special of the day, black linguini. I tried a bite and liked it, only to find out later that its color comes from squid ink....damn vegetarianism, thwarted again! On the other hand, it's nice to know they're using all of the "resources" from the squid, which is featured amply (is that a word?) on the menu.
I got the only vegetarian dish, but luckily it was the tastiest Italian I've had in Philly. Spinach and ricotta gnocchi with a fresh, simple marinara. The gnocchi was not too squishy, not too firm, and the perfect potato-spinach blend of flavors. When I read other descriptions of the dish on Yelp, I was expecting something totally different, so let me add: the ricotta comes in little cubes, served on top of the marinara. They pack a perfect bite of flavor.
My only complaints are the extreme lack of veggie options, and the somewhat-surly waiters (though the hostess was very nice). If you want some good Italian on a budget in the city, check this place out.Very good def will be back 
Nice service 
Food was awesome 
Nice atmosphere 
Very accommodating with my allergiesPros: good food, reasonably priced, healthy portions. Locations is convenient for theater going.
Cons: service is simply way too fast. Left to their own devices they would be turning tables in 20 minutes. Our salad came out one minute after ordering it. We had it for about five minutes when the waiters came, whisked it away, and simultaneously plopped down our entrees. Same thing with the people next to us. This fast face is unsettling and frantic. The staff seem to actually run through the dining room as if they have been instructed to accellerate, accellerate. I guess if you're running late, it's ideal, but it is loud and too fast for comfort.I went to La Viola West with my dad for Restaurant Week. We had reservations, but the place wasn't full, so we probably didn't need them. It was beautiful inside, clean and white and formal, much bigger than it looked from the outside. We were seated immediately and given water and our drinks as soon as we were seated. They gave us a few minutes to look at the menu and then another waiter (manager? owner? Definitely had an in-charge vibe) came over to tell us the specials and answer our questions.
First course, I ate the arugula salad with goat cheese and artichoke, which was beautiful, fresh, and delicious. I don't know what the dressing was, but I loved it, and they grated fresh pepper over it. Dad had the antipasto plate, which looked like a giant pile of meat and cheese. Delicious, from the few bites I had, but could have been presented better.
Second course, I had the mussels in tomato sauce. Basic Italian food done right. I loved them. Dad tried them and said he could eat them, which is the best thing he'll say about new foods. He got a mushroom dish, which he said was cooked perfectly.
Entree, I ordered a pasta dish with shrimp, prosciutto, and asparagus in a lemon garlic white wine sauce. When it came out, it looked a little small, but I could only eat half of it. The pasta was fresh, the shrimp was perfectly cooked, the prosciutto was salty and delicious. Dad had veal, also delicious, but as I only had a bite, I feel I can't comment more than that.
Dessert, I had lemon sorbet and Dad had chocolate cake. More basics done right.
All in all, a really good restaurant to hit during Restaurant Week, particularly late on a weeknight.La Viola was... Ok. Came here because Monk's had a long wait. They served decent Italian food, and guess what? Mussels too! Price was ok, food was ok. Basically, it's an ok place. There are two locations on the same street, on the same block. So, if one is full, try the other. It's good for large parties b/c it can accommodate, and there's mostly always space between the two restaurants!La Viola is what I would call good. We ate at there for New Year's Eve with two other couples. Set course meal was $45, which included soup or salad, main course and dessert - cheap!  We arrived on time for our reservation but had to wait outside in the arctic cold for 10 minutes. Once inside, I liked the cozy closeness, the atmosphere was warm and allowed us to enjoy each other's company. The waitstaff were great but nothing about the food blew me away. I had pear and mixed spring green salad with a creamy cheese dressing, rack of lamb and rum cake. The lamb was cooked fine, but it was smothered in gravy; I would have rather eaten it straight. I had the chance to taste my compatriot's black linguini with calamari which was delicious (I should have known to order the pasta dish at an Italian restaurant), and to my left the chicken, which was equally gravied and non-descript. All in all, nothing outstanding, if you're in good company then you'll have a good time but don't go just for the food. If you're in the mood for delicious Italian, go to Melograno or L'Angolo.I gotta say that I was really surprised by this place!  A co-worker brought me here after hyping it up and it still lived up to it's reputation!  
Really, it was the little touches such as the melon in the salad that let me know that it was going to be a really good meal, which it was.
And even though it was a little on the pricey side and the waitstaff was in a huge hurry to get you out the door, I think this could become a potential go-to when it comes to high quality places to eat!I had not been to La Viola in probably 10 years, Saturday night was a HUGE disappointment!   We went early which was no problem, the problems were service and food quality.  We had not finished our appetizers and entrees came rushing out from the kitchen.  My chicken dish with asparagus, fontina and prosciutto was cold, salty, too much cheese and very unappealing to the eye.  I remember loving not only this restaurant but this dish as well.  The sautéed mushrooms use to be in a bowl with such amazing broth to dunk bread in, now they are just slapped on a plate.  We also were approached by multiple male only....really....servers asking the same questions over and over.  If you're going to do team service figure it out people! 
I will not go back with all of the amazing Italian restaurants in Philly...too bad...the only good thing was it's still cheap!Reasonable stand by place. La Viola Ouest across the street has the same food and more seating. Both locations have great service and good fresh Italian food at decent prices.Cute and charming BYOB restaurant. The food was good. I got the chicken and shrimp with lemon. Forgot the name but very yummy. The desserts are amazing. I went with three of my friends and we all got a different dessert and shared. The cost averages out about $35 per person. We went on a Thursday and there were a lot of people there in large party groups, so the place is pretty popular.Quintessential Philadelphia BYO. Yes it is crowded and cash only. The chatter of other diners is loud and there is a good chance you'll end up in conversation with someone at the table next to you (due to the tight seating and the ample Vino you should bring). But as a center city BYO that's kinda the point. In my opinion, and the opinion of many others, that atmosphere is what makes the evening.
The location is pretty good because it's far enough away from University City that it doesn't get flooded with students the way some others do (sorry Salento). Also the lack of a website means that it's a locals place. When I sent relatives here who are not from the US the wait staff were genuinely surprised to see tourists, and perplexed that they found the place (and brought wine). 
Food here is consistently good. It's not trying to be the next Steven Star restaurant, or do some funky fusion. It's Italian food, so expect simple well cooked Italian food - that's it. I strongly recommend the specials, as they have always delighted me, but I know several friends who get the Vodka a-la Penne with staggering regularity, so it must be good. The service when I've been there has always been impeccable. After two visits some of the waitstaff began to recognize me and greet me as an old friend when arriving, it adds to the charm. 
The prices are surprisingly good for Rittenhouse. My other favourite Rittenhouse Italian BYOs typically charge $5-$10 more a dish (Porcini, Melograno, Mercato if you're willing to cross Broad). Who can argue with a menu starting at $14 for an entree in Rittenhouse (last I checked, and I think it was the gnocchi).
So maybe not the place for a formal business dinner, or a quiet first date, but really, you have to try a real BYO at least once if you're eating out in Philadelphia, and this place is a great place to do that.This place was absolutely delicious! We started with the grilled calamari, which was so refreshing. The Caesar salad was delicious also. We split an entree - the orrechiette with mushrooms and chicken (we opted for extra chicken, no sausage) in a white wine sauce. The food was excellent and my date and I were both full and satisfied with an appetizer, salad and shared entree. The price was GREAT and the service was fantastic. The outdoor seating option was wonderful, though we were awfully close to the table next to us (less than a foot apart). But this is definitely a great place - highly recommended!This place is amazing! It is a very small place that seats maybe 60 people tops on nice days there is an option to take it outside. The food was top notch. I was with a large group (most tables were) and we were well taken care of by all the wait staff which did get confusing at times since we didn't really know who our main waiter was. There wasn't one complaint about any bite of food and most of us got something different. I personally loved the gnocchi it was light and fresh the sauce was delightful. I wanted to lick the plate for sure but luckily they brought more bread just in time to not have to embarrass myself. They are super concerned when you don't eat enough and made sure there is nothing they did wrong. This is a great BYOB "mom and pop" place. I would call it a hidden gem!My roommate and I needed to grab a bite before the Philly rock 'n roll half marathon. Every athlete knows you gotta carbo load! In a dire search on yelp, la viola met our needs.... somewhere close to where we were staying with great, and affordable Italian. 
When we finally made our way to La Viola, I started to get nervous. Hangry-ness mixed with pre race jitters is an awful combination. Luckily for us, the wait for 2 people was no more than 5 minutes.... The only stipulation was, "Would you mind being squished between two tables?" For a faster entree, I'll say yes to anything and everything. 
What does it feel like to be squished between two tables? For one, you better hope your dinner companion and you can read each others minds, or eyebrows expression. There is so much you want to say when eavesdropping on someone's else dinner.... But there is only so little you can say when you're close enough to caress their hand when they speak of a recent tragedy. That being said, we took our mental notes and jabbered the rest of the night. 
I wonder if those two lucky kids are still dating. They seemed to get along, and the the girl wasn't shy about doggy bagging the left overs he paid for! The other couple to my left had it all worked out and plenty of self control! I had a hard time stopping myself from not eating their left over tiramisu. (After a dinner like that, I felt like I knew them well enough to eat from the same plate!)
Luckily Morgan and my entrees came out quickly enough and we were able to scarf down our pasta dishes. I can't attest to whether la Viola gave me the extra oomph in making it to the finish line, but it definitely didn't hurt!We liked the fact they seated a group of 30, however, we got a set menu. Many of which between app and main course was less than the 25 we were quoted.
Nothing was included but water and bread and the gratuity was added on top of the entire bill. (18%).
If you have a large group, please go elsewhere. These people did not want us there. The food was good but not worth 32.50 per person for salad and a main course.We waited to be sat and granted service was great and the waiters were so nice, but I ordered
Risotto and it looked looked like white rice and I'm pretty sure it was that. I was so disappointed that I didn't get real risotto. I'm still going to go back, but wish they served what they advertised1st time here. We went here because it was close to where we were going to see a show, Beatles Rain. We met up with friends here it is a BYOB. Staff was very friendly and very attentive. It's a very small and cozy place but I felt comfortable and I am claustrophobic. Food was outstanding, I have the muscles which I highly recommend. I then have the Marco Polo Marco, I think it was called, it was a chicken dish. It was excellent, I highly recommend this entrée also. I did try my friends risotto which was also good. I topped off my meal with a cheesecake, can't go wrong with cheesecake. I don't tease my friends Dessert, she got tiramisu, I regretted not getting that. This cozy little restaurant actually seated our group of six very comfortably even though it's a tiny place. If I'm ever downtown Philly again I'll be sure to visit this place.I got a gift certificate as a Christmas gift and highly recommend it. I got Salmon Pasta, and Gnocchi. I loved both! The restaurant is small so it's hard to fit a large party but it is perfect for small parties. It is a BYOB.I went there because the restaurant had such good reviews here.
The food was okay, nothing to complain about there. The atmosphere pleasant in the converted tenement apartment. 
I would have given this place at least three stars originally, but then something truly annoying and messed up happened to my brother and I during dessert.
We were the last table for the night and most of the staff was outside chit-chatting and smoking cigarettes. One of the waiters asked us if we wanted dessert. My brother ordered the tartouffa (sp?). 
The waiter comes back out with chocolate cake. That is an innocent mistake. We told him we didn't order that. He went back to the kitchen which is less than 20 feet away and starts yelling "This 'maricone' wants the tartouffa now!" 
If the place were crowded, maybe we wouldn't have been able to hear him or make out so clearly what he said. But this "pendejo" thought he could get away with that. Maybe because we are Asian and he assumed we wouldn't speak English or Spanish well enough to "comprender."
We got into an argument with the waiter and the kitchen staff who assured us "he didn't say nothing."  
The owner was equally unhelpful when we tried to explain what happened. "These guys just joke around in the kitchen." That is in and of itself fine. I understand, I've worked in plenty of restaurants with Mexican kitchen staff. But I have never let the horseplay or wordplay move outside of the circle of me and them -- the insults are saved for each other, not the paying customers. 
I will not be going back to this place again and I wouldn't suggest it for anyone wanting a nice peaceful insult-free meal.La Viola has top quality food at Olive Garden prices.  Bring a bottle of your own wine to complete (or begin!) the evening.  A word of caution:  It does get cramped.  A reservation is strongly encouraged, otherwise, if you have a group of two, they'll sit you at a table that's bumped up against some other boneheads that made the same mistake you made.  Then it just feels like an awkward double-date.  So call ahead, make sure you have a group of four, and go during an "off peak" time and you'll have yourself some decent, affordable food in a simple, casual environment.When I first walked into this craaaamped place, my first thought was "oh crap".  Plan on touching elbows with the strangers on both sides of you!  I am kinda hard to impress when it comes to italian food,but the food here was great and the waitstaff were nimble and handled the craziness with grace and ease.  I look forward to my return!Yummy BYOB in Philly. Great during the summer time. It's nice to be set up outside. Eating inside can be annoying because the tables are so close together. It can be crowded, so get a reservation. You may still have to wait. Great food though!When my sister first told me to look up La Viola and make reservations, I admit, I was a bit skeptic after reading some not so good reviews on yelp. For time constraint, we made reservation anyway, and I can't comprehend how one has had a bad experience at La Viola after my visit! 
My experience at La Viola  was amazing. I treated my mom and sister for International Woman's Day (March 8), hey any reason to go out for dinner . Since my sister lives in Philly, we were looking for restaurants close by, we decided on La Viola and it was a great choice. We were an hour and a half late for our reservation but that was not a problem. The hostess sat us right away and with a huge smile. We had 3 appetizers, the MP fish special, the Salmon dish, and Chicken Fountain as entrees. All of the dishes were delicious!! We all loved our entrees. The service was amazing as well, we felt like royalty. To top it all of, coming from NYC, the bill was only $98 for three people. Unheard of in my book, so bring in a nice bottle of wine and go in for an amazing dinner. I assure you, you'll not be disappointed!I give this five stars not because it was a perfectly stellar experience, but because I think it deserves a higher average rating. La Viola was my first experience at a BYOB, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The warm, soft bread was some of the best I've had at a restaurant, and the gnocchi was tasty (but just short of spectacular). The servers are polite and attentive, but the tables are so close together that they have trouble maneuvering around this obstacle course of a restaurant! Still, very classy and reasonably priced Italian fare.Had friend's birthday party here. Where the food was great, it was so little. Our friends paid $21 for 5 small pieces of ravioli. The waiters were also extremely impatient and rude, and one made a face when we asked if we could split the bill. The hostess at the front was nice but we expected friendlier service from the male servers.We eat here all the time, bring friends and family. Every entree that anyone has ever gotten was great. The service is excellent. It is a BYOB and there is no corkage fee.  The one thing that we are careful about is to eat on the east side of the street and not in the alternate dining room across the street. The restaurant can be a bit noisy but we always manage to hear. This is cash only and a fantastic dollar value!I have been waiting to go to La Viola ever since a friend told me it was their favorite BYOB in Philadelphia. I went there on a Wednesday night after leaving the Academy of Music. I had pasta on the mind the second I sat down in my seat at the ballet so I couldnt wait to get dinner, get my big spoon and my fork and start twirlin away at some spaghetti. 
Service was top notch. I ordered the special which was the Stuffed Chicken with fontina cheese, spinach and roasted reds. mmm mmm mmm. delicious. My fellow diner got spaghetti with shrimp which was also amazing.
Very reasonably priced. I can't wait to go back!Positives: BYOB, good specials, centrally located to center city residents.
Negatives- Can become cramped because it is kinda small, the waiters have russian or something accents- which make the menu hard to decipher.
Overall I will go back here, the food is good, the prices are reasonable, and it's byob!
PS: pretty sure it's cash only.Good for groups, great prices, and food is tasty.  When there is a francise of the same restaurant accross the street you know the place is good.  It's a BYO, cash only, so be prepared!  The only downside-this, as many others like it in the city, gets SUPER LOUD with all of the groups.  Good for parties though!I wasn't to sure about eating dinner sitting next to strangers but who cares the food was amazing, the gnocci were unbelieveable, I can't wait to work my way through the menu.I was a little hesitant to try La Viola after reading a lot of negative reviews, but most aspects of this restaurant were actually quite impressive. The staff went above and beyond to ensure efficient service; they were knowledgeable of the menu offerings, quickly and frequently refilled our drinks, and promptly served our entrees not too long after we ordered. The interior yielded an old-school, charming Italian restaurant vibe, but the tables were situated very close to one another which essentially banished any chances of intimacy. 
Since everyone at my table ordered the same entree - the homemade ricotta and basil gnocchi with gorgonzola and tomato sauce -  I unfortunately can only speak to one of the entree items. The gnocchi itself was on the denser side, while the sauce, which was - in the simplest terms - more like chopped tomatoes than a traditional sauce, was not overpowering but rather perfectly portioned and fresh. The gorgonzola added the creamy component that this dish so needed, and I would definitely recommend sprinkling on some parmesan (because you can never have too much cheese). One of the great things about this dish was that the portion wasn't huge, so I did not feel heavy in the slightest after devouring every last dumpling and - more importantly - I had room for dessert! Cannoli is, hands down, my absolute favorite dessert, so I was ecstatic to see a cannoli cake on the menu. Though the actual cannoli that sat atop the cake was mediocre (think soggy and not completely filled, but to be expected since the main dessert is the cake itself), the cake was moist and the cannoli cream filling was smooth, chocolate chip-studded perfection. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Also, all of the dishes were reasonably priced - a definite plus for a college student like myself.Very noisy as mentioned by previous reviews. The noise level substantially detracts from the experience. Food was inconsistent- my pasta special dish quite good. Others in my party reported less than average dishes.  Service was excellent- 5 stars.My husband and I love our La Viola dates when we are in the city for a show, concert, or just to wander around.  We bring a bottle of wine and enjoy the atmosphere of this cozy restaurant.  This food is always very tasty and fresh.  Try their special--it's usually homemade pasta and delicious!  We always finish with their homemade tiramisu (yummmmmm!) and cappuccinos.  This restaurant can get tight when it's busy, but we often forget about the people around us.  The hostess can sometimes leave something to be desired, but the wait staff is very good!  They refill drinks quickly and are attentive.Small quaint byob with great fresh food. We came here with a larger group for my birthday. Normally when you have a large group something gets mixed up, but not here! They offered us a 3 course meal with plenty of options (about 7 for entree) that is sure to please any palate. They were incredibly attentive and allowed my husband to drop off bottles of wine and an outside cake!! The service was knowledgeable and courteous as my sister is pregnant and answered all her questions about the cheese ( pasteurized and unpasteurized) and other ingredients used. Everything was very good the gnocchi was great.I really enjoyed dining here. I didn't realize that so many restaurants in Philly don't have liquor licenses so you have to bring your own bottle of wine. The food was filling and tasty. The service and hustle of the staff is unmatched! The customer service made my experience all the more pleasant! They have 2 locations. The other is across the street so it's not uncommon to see servers and diners walking across the street!
I'll be back again!I've been here so many times and can't get enough. I'd have to say it's probably one of my favorite BYOBs in Philly. The food is always delicious and the service is great. Always excited to go back!The service is always great here. The potions are perfect. I'm always full, but don't feel gross because I ate the whole thing when I should have gotten a doggie bag. The food is delicious. La Viola has it all, and that says it all.one of the best italian restaurants i've ever eaten at.  
Great service, and superb food.  Real good overall atmosphere.
Its BYOB, and with very reasonable prices for high quality dining.  Would go back next time in philly.   Can get a little big snug and loud if crowded but other than that great spot.  
Only downside, remember to bring CASH, its CASH only place.I very rarely give someplace 5-stars, but I believe that La Viola deserves this rating.  
We chose La Viola for a pre-concert (very convenient to the Kimmel Center) dinner based upon the previous reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed. The service was excellent. Attentive without being intrusive. We started with salads which were lovely and fresh. And then we opted for pasta dishes for our mains.  Both were nicely presented and quite flavorful. The portions were very reasonable and satisfying. Although the desserts looked very tempting, we finished with (just) espresso. The bill came to a very reasonable $65 for two people. 
Note, La Viola is a byob, a feature I find very appealing. We brought a very nice bottle of wine with us that we paid retail for, rather than the typical 3X retail that is charged by restaurants in that neighborhood. 
We are looking forward to our next visit to La Viola.Had my 21st birthday BYO here and was incredibly impressed by the food and friendliness of the staff. We had to change the reservation a couple of times and they were extremely accommodating with our large group (~20 people), even though people kind of trickled in at different times. 
Orders were taken quickly and the food arrived promptly - and was delicious! I got the Mozzarella al Basilico for a starter and the Vitello alla Viola for my entree, and both were incredibly flavorful. The restaurant also did a really good job of making sure everyone got their food at around the same time, so there was little to no awkward "waiting for people to get their food before you eat." 
The staff also took care of our drinks when we arrived by opening our wine, and putting our bottle of champagne on ice!
The one thing I don't like is the cash-only policy - but I believe the La Viola Ovest location does take cards if you don't want to deal with cash (my fault for not figuring that out sooner). Also, given the size of the party we were given a fixed menu for 2 courses ($25, tax and tip not included) and an automatic 20% tip.
I'd recommend La Viola for anyone who wants a fun (but still classy) place to have dinner with a bunch of friends. I've been here with large and small groups and both times the service/food has been incredible. Maybe slightly pricier than some other BYOs that target college-aged students, but definitely worth it given the food and atmosphere!Great place, fantastic food at a reasonable price. Two summers ago we went with a larger group (around 12 people) and they set up a huge table in the alley next to the restaurant - different, but definitely one of the best and novel experiences in the Philly BYOB scene!
Oh yeah, don't try to go on a Saturday night without a reservation.All of the yelpers are pretty spot on with this joint.  When the boy suggested that we do an Italian BYOB on our trip up to Philly to see the NIN concert I, of course, turned to Philly Yelp for insight.  Lo and behold, La Viola turned up as a solid Italian BYOB and was open until 2300 hours on a Friday night.  It was on.
Cozy, cramped quarters where you're pretty much sitting elbow-to-elbow with other (often Italian-speaking) diners next to you.  Fortunately, we arrived circa 2230 and the place had pretty much cleared out, so we had a giant table toward the back (or as back as it gets in their little dining space) all to ourselves.
The wines that I'd pulled out of my stash of Linden Vineyards stuff worked out incredibly well, and I think the wine made the meal more than anything else.
The bread that everyone else raved about was totally charred for us.  Unimpressive - I had a piece before giving up.  The Vitello Alla Viola I ordered had a great rich sauce with savory 'shrooms and crunchy prosciutto sliced more like pancetta than the thinly shaved prosciutto I'm used to.  The veal itself was surpassingly tender, but didn't seem to have any flavor on its own.  Moderately priced at $15 - I certainly wouldn't consider it a steal, but completely acceptable.
I think the star of the evening was the ricotta cheesecake paired against our Linden Vidal Riesling.  The light sweetness of the ice wine matched the savory richness of the cheesecake, and by that point I was already pretty toasted off of the half bottle of red that we polished off with our entrees.  It almost helped to placate my annoyance at the server presuming we wanted our second bottle of wine put in a plastic bag to go, instead of offering to serve it.  Yeah - we get the message - you want to go home.  Do your job.
They did redeem themselves by chasing us down on the street to return the bottle opener that we'd brought with us and accidentally left.  Up until that point, I was solidly in the three stars camp.  Acts of kindness like that should count for something, yeah?Have eaten here a few times and the food was good. Don't expect a dining experience. We showed up on time for our reservation and we're asked to wait outside until the table opened up. They closed the door and we waited outside. Then after eating and still finishing our wine the hostess comes over and tells us that we will have to hurry up because they need room to fit a large table.La Viola is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Its most attractive features are the affordable prices, the great food and BYOB.
I frequent la Viola and have never been disappointed. I usually get the penne, which is just a classic pasta dish with no frills. 
The best part of la viola is how great it is for groups. They have a lot of space for large groups and are very accommodating. They also let you get loud and have a good time without shushing you or being rude. On the same token, it can be very loud in there and I would not recommend it for someone seeking a quiet/romantic evening out.   If you are looking for fun place to start a night out with a big group I would definitely recommend la viola.Wasn't impressed, tried the penne carbonara and the gnocchi. Well cooked but lacking in other parts in terms of interest and price. I wouldn't botherI am a big fan of both La Viola and La Viola Ouest when you have a big party, want to be loud and have a glasses of wine at dinner, and need a place you can rely on to deliver on pretty solid food. There is nothing filly or special, but it is good Italian.
For some reason I like La Viola better than La Viola Ouest, even though I know they are the same thing. Not sure why.Been meaning to dine here after a recommendation from a colleague. Found it lively, comfortable, very satisfactory. Salads and squash soup were both pleasing first courses. All of us ordered pasta dishes. Food came quickly, service was attentive  We all enjoyed ourselves, and I'd be inclined to go back.Been here several times with friends. Great place as it is BYOB, but beware of corking fee. Must book in advance. It is a small, intimate restaurant. Great to bring your date. I've had the mussels with white wine sauce in the past and that has been my stand out favorite. Highly recommend this restaurant.This place is quite reminiscent of the many restaurants I ate in while studying abroad in Italy.  Its dimly lit, cozy atmosphere makes you wonder if there are 10 Italian grandma's cooking up a storm in the kitchen.
The grilled calamari was cooked to perfection.  The pasta special (homemade garlic and herb papperdelle with shrimp and chicken) was one of the best pasta dishes I've had in recent history, and was the perfect portion size.  The lobster ravioli were plump and delicious, and the cream sauce had me wiping the plate clean with bread.  
The service was quick and attentive, and we barely had time to finish a bottle of wine between the 4 of us (okay, so it was a gallon sized bottle...) before we had our check.  
Perfect for a date, or to take out-of-towners.Their food was heaven!  They have a simple and comfortable menu and fantastic food.  We had their arugula salad with artichokes, grilled seafood salad, linguini di mare, and steak which was their special.  Steak was a bit mundane but everything else melted in my mouth.  Very cute restaurant and extremely friendly staff.  I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner here.My friends and I dined here last week before catching a show because supposedly its easy to get in, eat, and get out, but mostly because my girlfriend's boyffriend is in love with the place. It was my first time and had actually never heard of La Viola so I had no particular expectations, despite the gf's bf raving about it. 
It was a relatively small restaurant (kinda cramped), dimly light, with table linens and full table settings, the whole nine yards, so I initially thought it was going to be pricey. To my surprise the dishes were relatively inexpensive, though it was cash only which annoys the heck out of me. I opted for the salad special and lobster ravioli. The salad had cheese, panchetta and sun dried tomatoes and was good except the panchetta was cut in cubes the size of dice and towards the end my teeth and jaw were starting to ache from chewing the hard little nuggets. My friends warned me to fill up on bread because they only give you 5 raviolis in my dish, which i found weird, but they were right. Had I not eaten a few pieces of bread and my salad, I would have been a hungry girl when I left. Don't get me wrong, the lobster ravioli was very good, but the portion was small. There was no time for dessert so we paid as soon as we were done. 
The waitstaff and hostess were nice, and so were the 6 older gentlemen sitting around hanging out in the entrance area for reason's unknown (one even helped me put on my coat!). So all in all it was a pleasurable dinner and I'd eat there again.My husband and I have enjoyed La Viola on previous occasions, and because of our great experiences, chose it as the site of a rehearsal dinner for 80 close friends and family this past weekend. The management was super patient and accommodating with my multiple questions in the weeks prior to the dinner.    The wait staff was awesome on the day of set up and did a terrific job serving out guests and seeing to every need.  The food was absolutely delicious, from the perfect bread to apps of grilled calamari and antipasto to the entrees and desserts.  We got a lot of positive feedback from our guests on the entrees - a nice variety of choices.  If you have a large group to host, don't hesitate to book here.  You will not be disappointed!Came here on a Saturday at 2:40PM. They do NOT serve weekend lunch, btw. 
I was impressed, then, when the waiter came out with some menus and said they could do some dinner stuff for us at lunch prices. 
We sat outside, as we had our beloved pooch with us, and they made sure he was comfortable throughout our lunch, which is really sweet. 
I had the linguini in white sauce with seafood, the husbear had a porkchop - both were delicious and incredibly fresh. The pork was crispy on the edges, but juicy throughout, and served with a polenta-looking mash and some red cabbages. My linguini was perfectly al dente, and the seafood was so fresh tasting, as if they just washed and prepared it. 
I docked off a star for the following two things: 
1)I asked for salmon in the seafood linguini on the side, and it came nested inside the linguini, which meant i was in for a surprise. The waiter apologized and offered to take it back, but I had already picked it off and given it to my husbear, so just a blip, not a big deal. 
2) we ordered a caesar salad to share - dressing, amazing. The lettuce, arranged in a way that would make even the pickiest people eat their words (and salad). The croutons? Nonexistent.
I would definitely come here again, maybe on a wk night when the service is busier, with a bottle of red. I definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good italian byob.I'm a New Yorker but have been to La Viola twice. First, let me just say that I must have a really different perspective on what's big and small because La Viola, while charming and reminiscent of someone's home, is not tiny!! It is always packed when I go which may lend to the illusion of it being small. 
Onto the more important things, a few things that are great:
1) The homemade, freshly baked, hot bread
2) BYO! I've heard this isn't all that rare in Philly but still
3) Location
4) Dependably very good food
5) Excellent mussels (although a little on the small side) with great sauce
6) Really excellent quality food for the price
7) Great atmosphere!
The bad:
1) Weird service - they were so attentive that I actually felt like they were rushing us out (even though the place wasn't packed). I honestly started to feel like I had to guard my appetizer plate from being taken away from me! I don't think they should try and take the appetizer, especially a mussel plate, when there is still food on it. With that said, I believe they were well intentioned - I'd hate to see them sabotage their good intentions much longer.
2) The salmon dish was good but the salmon was slightly overcooked - not dry but not as flaky as I like.
3) Cash only
4) The fish special was $23.95 - a full $8 more than the fish item on the menu! Definitely ask the price before you order a special.
Final word: Will definitely go back again for the great food, relaxed environment, and great BYO policy. Just hope the wait staff gets less pushy!Family style Italian BYOB.  We have walked past this restaurant many times but when friends were in town we decided to head in.  When you first walk in, it's a small restaurant and space is limited.  But once we were settled in our seat and they accomodated our group of seven, we hardly felt cramped.  The waitstaff was friendly, knowledgeable and super attentive ( I like that).  When it came to ordering there were so many great choices we couldn't decide, so we all tried to order something different so we can sample from each other.  And the dessert, oh my, there were so many excellent options.
We will definitely be heading back to order more items from the menu and experience the wonderful atmoshere.A few of my friends and I grabbed dinner here on a Friday evening when we couldnt get into the BYOB we wanted to go to. The five of us sat outside with a few bottles of wine and tried to figure out the crowd. It seemed to be a lot of very young kids, college students, drunk girls, not really a crowd I enjoyed very much. The wait staff was a little rough and not really very talented. Im not sure if they are used to waiting on the drunken and young crowds that we were sitting near or what, but they didnt make the meal all that pleasant.
I think I was the only one of our party that liked my meal. I didnt however really like our appetizers. We ordered the grilled calamari and the mussels in spicy broth. The mussels were ok. Nothing to write home about, but not bad either. The broth was pretty good. I dipped a lot of bread in it and chowed down on that since the calamari was so bad. It was so bitter from the grill it was almost inedible. I like a good char as much as anyone, but not when it tastes like a dirty grill.
As I mentioned, I think I was the only one in my group that liked their entree. I ordered the fettuccine al salmone which was fettuccine pasta with salmon in a brandy cream sauce.Againt, it wasnt the best pasta I have had, but it wasnt bad and for 17 bucks I thought it was pretty reasonable. The flavor was good from the large amount of black pepper in the sauce and the flavor of the sauce was pretty good. I did get to try my fiance's vitello carcioffi or veal in white wine sauce with artichoke and sun dried tomatoes. Nothing was seasoned properly, and the sauce was pretty watery. I really didnt care for it. 
The whole experience was pretty underwhelming and in a city of incredibly quality BYOB's, this one just left me saying...MEHHHHHH.I'm a fan for an ice breaker dinner - a BYOB where you safely go with new coworkers/acquaintances because everyone is sure to feel comfortable. Why? Well, it could be the alcohol consumption, but I prefer thinking the beauty of La Viola is that there is something for everyone and it's very reasonably priced. 
I believe the pasta dishes are substantially better than the poultry, seafood, and meat options after many attempts. I'm not sure where the chef trained, but he/she does not understand the concept of keeping seafood and meat separate amongst dishes. It just doesn't work unless you're Giada or Mario Batali. The spinach gnocci is a bit doughy, but probably my favorite of what's available. That being said, I would not use the adjectives "fresh or delicious" in this review.
Note: 
           1) CASH ONLY 
           2) Brings lots of wine to mask the bland flavors of your meal
           3) Make a reservation at the beginning of the week if you are looking to pop in during the weekend. Friday and Saturday nights, most tables are occupied by brilliant grad students and young professionals looking to let loose. They aren't too concerned about the ambiance or quality of food apparently. 
Overall: Good company, a few glasses of wine, and a decent bowl of pasta is absolutely worth 15 dollars.OK, this is another place I hate to leave a good review on, but the cats already out of the bag.  This is simply a great BYOB on every level.  Great food, great service, great prices, and a great neighborhood. Domenick, the owner is always so gracious to everyone, wether its your first or 50th time in.  The grilled calamari is to die for, and the specials are heaven.  I don't give out 5 stars easily, this one deserves every bit of it.La Viola has so many endearing qualities. The coziness, the service, the location and much more. I have never had lighter, softer gnocchi! amaazzzzzingggggg. Love this place.Ciao La Viola, I have to say that you know your Italian cuisine. Yes, your service is a bit contrived and although I don't really mind, I think it will be for the best if you knew. And yes, you most certainly have delicious food. We went with a group of 5 and most of the party ordered pasta related dishes but I went for the steak. Everything about your steak was perfect except for the truffle oil that went on top. I despise  truffle oil and was upset how you never mentioned it on the menu. As for the small bites of pasta, I did get to taste, you have outdone yourself. So, bravo, four bright stars for you. Hopefully, I can come see you again, that is, when I have some cash to spare.The service was awful! A lady in the restaurant showed posture badly. I thought that she had fever or something. 
The food I ordered was good but overpriced. 
The worst thing was that the lady brought the bill while we just started dessert  and we didn't even ask for it and she said just Thank you!! Even though it was not crowded.  Afterwards, we kept eating for awhile and she came back again to ask us " all set?"
 It was so rude and we felt uncomfortable to stay there. We never want to go back again. I hope she will be fired soon and I can have good service.We had dinner here on Sunday the18th.I thought my dinner was very good, my partner was not crazy about his. I had a Caesar  salad which was fine, but the risotto Frutti De Mare was excellent.
We sat outside with not much traffic. In all I thought it was fine.
Richard from ChicagoI love La Viola! I have been several times now and finally needed to give them their props. Excellent service every time even when it's busy. The food is delicious and homemade. The cannoli cake is amazing and one of my favorite parts of the meal.I've eaten at this restaurant every time I've visited Philly and they are pretty consistent.  
The calamari appetizer - one of my favorites!  Cooked just right every time.  I had the shrimp and sausage pasta with a creamy red sauce...also very good.
The staff is very friendly and I feel like I'm a guest at their house...good old-fashioned home-cooked Italian meal.  However, it is very cramped and depending on where you're sitting, your seat might bump into your neighbors, but is part of the charm of the experience.  It is not a fancy meal, but nevertheless, a very good one!  I will be back each time I visit Philly.La Viola has some of the best food for the most affordable price in Philadelphia. Don't go here expecting overly-friendly waitstaff, or a nice hostess for that matter. They are all business! However, their food is excellent and I would recommend it to anyone. Bring a decent bottle of wine and enjoy!
The atmosphere is just like an authentic italian restaurant. The tables are close together and unless you're a hermit, it's almost impossible not to talk to the people next to you. I always think I'm going to try something new, but end up ordering the Panne Alla Caruso (penne ala vodka). It has chunks of pancetta in it...honestly, how can I stay away from that? I have had the lobster ravioli, which was good but didn't compare. Their trecolor salad is great as well as the mushroom appetizer. 
For dessert, I'd stick with the tiramisu - made in-house, usually by one of the waiters. I think I've had other desserts but none were quite as memorable.Food: 4.0 Stars 
La Viola's menu provides a good selection of appetizers and entrees; The ingredients, meats, pastas are of good quality and prepared well. The mussel appetizer is delicious (red sauce recommended compared to the white) and inexpensive for the quantity of mussels served. The pasta dishes are very good to but not exceptional compared to other Italian restaurant preparations. The meats are delicious and generous in servings and recommended on the more Medium to Rare level of preparation. 
Service: 3.0 Stars 
The service at La Viola is hit or miss; With certain more established servers the service is great and the server is knowledgeable and caring. On busy nights, the service is very mediocre; the staff is younger and brazen and can tend to come across uncaring. Service is definitely better on slower nights. 
Ambiance: 3.0 Stars 
The restaurant has two separate rooms across from one another; The interior of both is very simplistic (almost appearing as if they are making no decor effort); The tables are simple and can appear cramped on busy nights. Nothing incredible but nothing distracting either. 
Price: 4.5 Stars 
The prices are La Viola's greatest draw. Dinner at this restaurant is very affordable and far more inexpensive than other Italian restaurants. Also, the restaurant is BYOB and caters well to patrons who bring in their own bottles of wine/alcohol. The cost for a dinner for two will have you leaving the restaurant with a smile. 
Location: 4.5 Stars 
La Viola has a great location on 16th street. It has a branch on each side of the street and has a strong hold on the street between Locust and Spruce. The restaurant is close to other Rittenhouse/Center City bars, restaurants, lounges. Very good location. 
Miscellaneous/ Overall Impression: 4.0 Stars 
On days or nights with normal or less traffic, the experience at La Viola can be very enjoyable. The quality of the appetizers and meals for the asking price makes each trip to La Viola enjoyable. This is a great place to go for a first date or a romantic night out on an off night. I would definitely recommend La Viola, particularly since its a BYOB. Definitely try all the other Italian BYOBs in the area before making this your stable, go-to Italian restaurant.Poor La Viola; she falls under the category of mediocre Italian BYO. As soon as you have dined at amazing Italian BYOs in the city of Philadelphia, the rest fall by the wayside.
La Viola is just alright; from food to service to décor, everything is just a-ok.
The waiters are a bit creepy and they never smile, but they are prompt, efficient and will make sure your wine is never empty. The décor is plain, tables are close together and intimate so it makes for a loud restaurant. 
The food was mediocre. You can tell a lot from a place with its bread presentation. The bread was nothing special, however the accompaniments were fantastic (olive oil and balsamic-you cant really mess this up). I ordered the special salad as my entrée because I assumed that it is really hard to screw up a salad. The mixed greens salad was topped with walnuts, goat cheese, apples and prosciutto di parma. The flavors were fantastic together and the tangy lemon vinaigrette dressing tied the dish together. I did taste my roommate's lobster ravioli- the sauce could have been much better, it seemed like it was lacking something.
Just looking around the table I could tell that this was an Italian restaurant for people who were new to the BYO/Italian scene. There are much better places to go in the city- I will not be returning.Really cute little BYO.  I have to admit that it's changed slightly now that it's expanded and has become... what's the word? "popular".   I remember going with a large group and getting seated across the street only to be adjacent to a bachelorette party.  Not the quaint place I remember it to be.  The food has also been a little better.  They aren't what I would call spectacular.  We got the fusilli and chicken parm.  I wouldn't recommend either.  Fusili was tasteless and chicken parm was too salty!  I've also gotten the shrimp pasta before, which tasted OK, but I got an allergic reaction from it for some reason... But, the prices are still good and it's a bYO.This place came highly recommended by a friend of friend. She said it was her favorite restaurant when she lived in Philly for a project. All I can say is, I don't get it. The place was packed, so clearly a lot of people love it, but we thought the food was totally average. And my friend told them it was my 40th bday and they brought a dessert and sang... then charged us for it. Lame. We wouldn't go back.Oh La Viola. You embody all that I love about Philadelphia restaurants: BYO, interesting characters as servers, well priced, and so packed you basically sit on the lap of the person next to you. Viola makes it possible for anyone to afford a date night, and get entertainment for free.
The meals are hearty and delicious. But save room for dessert, they are decadent and heavy, but so good you can't pass them up. 
Note: it is cash only, so make sure to hit an ATM on the way!I'm underwhelmed although I do like the casual outdoor and back alley seating. The menu offers decent homemade pasta in an unadorned BYOB. My suggestion is that you stick to the pasta and avoid the entrees. The prices are reasonable. The service leaves a bit to be desired. A nice neighborhood spot.Excellent sauces, very reasonable, crowded, tight seating and very loud.La Viola West. Great food. Great prices. Great service by all-male ADULT staff. All tables are all good. But we prefer the front room. BYOB. Credit cards OK. Hot. Hot. Hot. Go. Go. Go. -- Hotspur for The PJ (www.junto.blogspot.com).DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!  The prix fixe dinner for $35 was not much of a deal with food that was as insipid as unwaxed dental floss.Another work regular, and a reasonably solid performer.  Go for the lobster ravioli, which doesn't fall into the trap of being too sweet.
I haven't been overly excited about the Italian places I've been here in Philly, so saying La Viola is probably the winner may not mean much.  But it's the winner among the ones I've been to.La Viola is an Amazing BYOB the waiters are excellent and will do anything for you they will also keep your beers and wines cool and bring you one when you are getting low, lovely Italian food best I have ever had an would highly recommend it to anyone! 10/10Very authentic little Italian restaurant. The food is excellent and very reasonably priced. Love that it's BYOB! It's hard to find places with really excellent food for a good price but this place hits the spot. The seating is really close together (I said it was authentic) so this is not the place for you if you're claustrophobic or don't want to hear your neighbors conversation. Also, it's definitely good to make a reservation ahead of time because both times I've gone, it has been packed. I've been here on a romantic date and with a large group and both times really enjoyed the ambiance and the experience. Will definitely go back!Evaluating Italian Restaurants in Philadelphia is an exercise in futility.  On any given night, there could be ten number #1's.  The market is saturated with tasty Italian grubbetry, so what's the point of debating?  Not to mention, questioning a native Philadelphian's favorite Italian is more or less akin to questioning their belief in God...or Obama.
Philadelphia gets a lot of heat for being a terrible place, and in some limited respects, I have to agree (e.g. No matter how much I love Philly, I do have to concede that the recent Homeless People bathing in the Love Park fountain trend is a legitimate blemish on my fair city), but there are certain arenas that we dominate in an indisputable fashion - Sports Fandom, Cheesesteaks, Trash Talk, Fixed Gear Bikes, Pabst Blue Ribbon, and, most importantly, Italian Cuisine.
Thus, my intent is simply to talk about my personal favorite Italian spot in the city...La Viola.  No grand proclamations, just one man's opinion (which if you ask my girlfriend, doesn't amount to much).
I'd be remiss if I didn't start my post with everybody's favorite fixture at La Viola.  The Little Guy.  I don't know his name, I don't know what magical land he comes from, but I love him and I would do anything to take him home with me.  Sublimely expert in his dispensation of the positive vibes, I routinely find myself drifting off into a world of bliss as he lists the specials in his famously sing-song accent.  Pasta with red sauce you say?  Sounds divine!
I always go for the Tomato Mozzarella starter (it's not on the menu but they've got it, I promise).  It's a great way to start a meal.  Satisfy my immediate hunger without overpowering my entrée.  As far as this traditional dish goes, no one does it better than La Viola in my book.  Simple & Fresh.  The Mozzarella is always delicious and as a man of Scottish-English descent if there's one thing I know, it's good Mozzarella.  
For entrée, I always go with the ravioli.  No matter where I am, if they're on the menu, they're going in my face.  I guess, I'm just a ravioli guy - skinny, but slowly becoming sort of fat, like a turtle out of its shell - and for my dollar, there is no better ravioli for the price than the Ravioli Alla Viola.  Lobster stuffed, smothered in a pink cognac sauce, these are the tops.  Forget any plans you had to tear up the dance floor at Pure late-night, because you'll need a nap after this carb-heavy feast.
People always ask me, so the food is good, so what?  The Little Guy is cute, who cares?  Lots of places have good Italian food and interesting little people.  What makes La Viola a favorite?  
Well, I'll tell what makes it different - A natural phenomenon that seems to be entirely unique to the 253 South 16th Street region.  Somehow, over the years, it's become the Official Philadelphia Girl's Night Out Birthday Celebration Headquarters.
Every, single time I go here, the place is oozing with alcohol-infused, estrogen-inspired, birthday mayhem.  And I mean, MAYHEM.  Tables filled with ladies, Max Azria and plastic tiaras everywhere.  The sheer level of noise is incredible.  At a certain level of drunkenness, it would seem that all girls become incapable of controlling the volume of their voice.  I'm convinced that there is some bizarre Aboriginal ingredient in Yellow Tail Chardonnay that transforms the ladies into helpless victims of some form of cochlear sabotage.  
Whether it's the Real Housewives of OC Vicki-style "Wooooooo" or the mildly more creative "Woooooo Hooooo" or my personal favorite, the ear-splitting, "Yeeeeeeee", at some point, the girls WILL involve you in their celebrations and you WILL enjoy it.  
It's this share-everything, family-style atmosphere that keeps me coming back.  For a guy that hates people but loves gatherings, this is my favorite kind of scene.  
Thank You La Viola!  And, in the eternal words of Oprah, You Go Girls!  
PS  Fellas, should you encounter the aforementioned scenario, man up, spit a little cross-table game, and take a birthday girl home because if you don't, you can be sure the Little Guy will.This BYOB has good food. I've had the pastas there, and all of them have been up to par. I've never had any of the meat courses, so I could not comment on those. The food is 3.5 stars. 
The inside is like a normal Italian restaurant (nothing cutesy like chandeliers or beautiful crown moldings some quaint BYOBs have). Service is pretty efficient (aka you can sometimes feel a little rushed). With these two factors, to me, I would say La Viola is not as "romantic" as other BYOBs. 
Positives: The place is a larger BYOB so you can definitely have a large group party in the back area. Decent food, inexpensive, and with the BYOB factor, a good dining deal.having just come back italy, i knew that any pasta eaten afterwards could not live up to the food i had there. i now know what really good italian food tastes like and have a benchmark when comparing it to restaurants here in the states.
their gnocchi is really good. it was fresh and definitely tasted homemade. however the lobster meat inside the ravioli we ordered was a bit fishy smelling and tasting. it could mean that it wasn't fresh. but overall, i left with a good impression of this place, concluding that it is one of the better italian restaurants back in the states.I went to La Viola with a large group on a Saturday night.
I eat a very low-carb diet, so having heard all of the accolades surrounding La Viola, I was excited to treat myself to some freshly homemade Italian fare (more specifically, pasta!). Let's dig in:
Penne Alla Caruso (Penne in a vodka tomato sauce, lightly creamed with peas & pancetta (salted Italian ham)): 2 out of 5
This dish, while it had great potential, sadly fell short. My chief complaint was that the penne, prepared al dente, were too lightly sauced. The other components, the peas and the pancetta, were also al dente. The pancetta was cubed and not easy to chew; it would have been much more enjoyable and fresh-tasting had the chef shaved it. Overall, the dish's components' tough textures prevented it from having the soft, comforting, "melt-it-in-your-mouth" quality that one typically instinctively associates with homemade pasta served with a creamy sauce.
Gnocchi Al Filletto Di Pomodoro (Homemade gnocchi with spinach and ricotta cheese in fresh tomato basil sauce): 2.5 out of 5
Asthetically, this dish was beautiful. Bright chunky red sauce complemented the confettied green spinach-infused gnocchi. Though the serving was on the smaller size, the dish was filling and satisfying. The acidity of the fresh tomato sauce paired nicely with the subtlety of the ricotta, which provided a platform for a harmonious hint of potato and spinach earthiness. The soft pillows of gnocchi were deliciously doughy. Again, this dish has all of the elements of success, yet it seemed to lack a punch of flavor - heat, spice, salt and pepper, something, that would have made the taste more memorable.
"Dark Side of the Moon" Cake: 3 out of 5
A chocolate lover's delight. The cake consisted of moist dark chocolate cake with two alternating layers of fluffy cocoa mousse; the top was generously frosted with a dark chocolate ganache. We ordered one for the table, but I ended up eating  60% of the massive wedge myself! It was moist, rich, and 3 kinds of awesome. This cake was the high point of our meal.
Service: 3 out of 5
Our group of 9, despite having a reservation, had to wait a little over an hour in a small, overcrowded anteroom before being seated. Once we sat down, however, the servers were friendly, attentive, and helpful.
Overall: 2.5 out of 5
Reviews hailed this place as one of the best BYOs in Philadelphia; I would argue this place is extremely overrated. Given the plethora of great Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, I wouldn't roll the dice here, head somewhere else.Thank god the food here is so fresh and delicious.  
Quick note:  Do not come here on a holiday weekend when the city is dead.  When this restaurant is not full, the handful of 10 waiters shuffle around awkwardly looking for anything to do, and in turn will take plates away before you're finished with them.  You'd think it'd be easy just telling them to leave them right?   Well, no....  they get serious credit for being so ninja.  While you have a mouth full of wine or decide to take a quick glance out the window is when they strike.  Aside from this unusually rushed service, dinner was excellent.  I was ready to give La Viola five stars as I've always had impeccable service and great food, but I think this weekend was a small hiccup showing me a perfect Italian byo's imperfections.Went for a restaurant week. The selection is amazing. Usually, during restaurant week, the options are limited but at La Viola, the entree selections were two pages. I had arugula salad with goat cheese, artichoke and grilled calamari as my appetizers. Had linguini with seafood and finished it off with decaf coffee and tiramisu. The service and food were amazing and to top it off. It's BYOB. Looks small on the outside but plenty of space inside.This place was awful. The service was terrible, the food was bad. The bread they brought was totally burnt. The "veal medallion" was extremely thin, maybe it wasn't veal? The fresh mozzarella was definitely store bought. The pasta was all bland. The worst part - the servers took forever and were totally unapologetic about the bad service. But, to be fair, the water is excellent. We were scared of ordering dessert for fear of getting a pineapple or something! The manager gave us a hard time about getting separate checks? He is lucky we even paid.... Gordon Ramsay where are you?Mom says when you turn the ipod volume up past half way you're gonna end up a deaf fuck. I'm on my way, and I really know it at La Viola. But I guess that's what you have to pay for inexpensive and delicious fare, (yes San Franciscans those words can be combined once in awhile). Philadelphias, mark my word you are a lucky folk esp. when Monk's is across the street.
My family has been going to this restaurant since it opened. Funny enough my dad lost his hearing aid here and has banned us to go here ever since. Equally funny enough I had once of the best steaks of my life on the night that this occurred. A fat gigantic steak cooked medium rare covered with bernaise or a cheese equivalent. I saw god, and though I don't remember who I was dating then or what I was wearing I certainly remember what I was eating that day. Bravo. 
Tonight, years later, I had yet another equally tender steak coupled with what I was told was a so so lobster ravioli in a pink creme sauce (years ago a waiter had advised me against what I thought was the menu's key player). I was in a good boat, especially since I saw it just after seeing MILK and thought that perhaps there was something self righteous about each bite I took ( join PROP 8 campaign stop feigning liberalism when you keep sitting on your ass you hipster bitch). ANYWAY........
The pastas the steaks, and the oh so rare and delicious GRILLED calamari are reason enough to grace the doors of this establishment. BUT might I add that it's BYOB. That's something for the napa folks to suck their tongue around. Yes indeed.Cash Only, BYOB. One tip: the hostess brought our check. Dont know if that's standard.
----
I had my first visit to La Viola Thursday and it was a pretty fabulous time.  We arrived around 6:30 without a reservation (in fact they didnt even ask) and yet it was already filling up.  Crowded yes, packed in, yes.  They didnt offer to take my long coat so I had to hang it on the back of my chair and hope none of the waiters stepped on it.  One did push my menu into my arm while he whisked by, but he profusely apologized.  It's not his fault he works 30 tables in a room the size of my rowhouse living room.  So, yes, the servers was charming.  They opened and poured our wine before I even had a chance to think about it.  I LOVE when BYOBs are on top of that.  I think we cleaned our plates at every course: App (funghi dish for me, "peperoni" w/ sardine dish for him), main (spinach & ricotta gnochi for me, shrimp & pasta special for him) and dessert (giant slices of tiramisu and dark side of the moon) and also had 2 breads delivered and olive oil refills.... man I left feeling fantastically full and happy.  The bill was under $70 (pre tip) for two, and that was 3 courses each including a $20 pasta special.  Not bad at all, and we will likely bring parents or out of towners here in the future.  
If you're into bustling Italian style service with your Italian food, and dont expect to be wowed with anything more in the decor than table linen, silverware and a candle, you'll love it.  
Warning: Towards the end of our dinner (7:45ish) some patrons were seated wearing jeans & byo-ing warm beer, so I cant vouch for anything that happens here other than an early dinner!!This was a delicious meal for our entire family. The black linguine (special for the evening) was absolutely delicious with shrimp and mussels with a rich garlic white wine sauce. My children had lobster ravioli and they were kind enough to bring the sauce on the side - because they are not big red sauce fans-the kids ended up eating the sauce with a spoon! My husband had the gnocchi, it was extremely light, fluffy and delicious. The meals were reasonably priced, presented in a sumptuous manner and  portion sizes were generous. The restaurant was nicely appointed and warmly lit with beautiful windows. The staff were beyond gracious. AND.... Dessert and coffee was the perfect ending to this fabulous dinning experience.Good food, but the room is un-inspired. The service was friendly, but a bit over polished for me. Risotto with Shellfish was beautifully cooked, and classic. No bells and whistles. Probably a nice place for "ladies who lunch"Very good food.  But I think it's really hard to hit out of the park with Italian cuisine.  BYO is a plus.  Great ambiance.  The only complaint was that there wasn't enough elbow room.  Overall, great service from staff.Very good Italian BYOB.  Good menu, well prepared with good flavor.  Nice place to go for a date, although there is often a wait enven with a reservation.  I will definately go back to this restaurantGreat food, staff, experience. Two things to keep in mind is that it's cash only and limited menu so really picky eaters might need to check the menu first. I've been before and I'll be back.One of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city!  Great BYOB and not ridiculously overpriced.  I always recommend it to friends visiting Philly.I've been to La Viola a bunch of times and always had a great meal.  Yes, it can be really crowded, and it does get noisy, but the food and the price makes up for it.  The pastas are amazing--the last time I went I had the orechiette pasta and it was great.  Add in that you almost always get enough for two meals and its definitely a place to visit and go back to.  (But make sure you remember its cash only--I always have to scrounge for cash.)Obviously, this place is doing well.  We had a reservation (I didn't think they accepted them), however, we ended up waiting for a table for awhile anyway.  The staff was very accommodating and brought us glasses and opened our wine while we waited.  They know how to trick us- when you're tipsy, you don't mind the wait as much.
The seating wasn't as bad as I was expecting after reading reviews here.  Perhaps we got a table that wasn't as cramped, but I had no issues with space.  It was crowded, but not unbearably so.  I thought it added to the atmosphere of the restaurant, everyone being one happy family.
I had the Orecchiette Alla Romana, which was so rich and full of mushrooms and sausage.  It was amazing.  The pasta was cooked perfectly (somehow I'm always amazed by this at good Italian restaurants, I don't know why!).
So, after finishing off this fantastic meal, and drinking delicious BYO wine, the bill came.  With prices this low and food this great, I understand why this is one of the best restaurants in the city.This is my favorite Italian restaurant in Philly. Its become so popular that they decided to open up another La Viola across the street (same menu and staff) but just newer, bigger and a little nicer atmosphere. 
The food is reasonably priced and its a BYOB. I love the grilled calamari. I dont' know of another restaurant that makes it quite like La Viola. 
The only downside is that Its not the sort of place to enjoy a relaxing and leisurely meal.. While service is lightning fast and your food comes out super quick, its for a specific reason... the line usually goes out the door so they want to turn over your table quickly. 
Despite this fact, I give this place 4 stars because the food is just delicious, its cheap and its a BYO.The food here is good - but the dining room is so small you're practically sitting on top of the people next to you. Also, it's incredibly noisy so you can barely carry on a conversation with the person you're with. On top of that, we were seated next to the kitchen, and I kept on getting bumped by waiters walking back and forth. I like to relax when I go to a restaurant, and it's really just not possible at this place due to the noise and close quarters. I guess some people like small, noisy, cramped BYOs, but this place just didn't do it for me.Came here for dinner w/ a friend on a weekday - i think the value of it comes from the price - compared to other italian options in town, this one is lower priced. It was indeed quite a noisy place and surprisingly started crowding up at 9pm despite it being a weekday. 
The food was not bad, but not something I'd go like 'wow!'. For appetizer, we went with the mushroom and it tasted quite fine - a bit on the salty side. For my entree, I ordered the sausasge+mushroom pasta. It was a B+ to me - the garlic taste was not that strong, and the sauce was a bit too salty. The portion was large so I had half of it to go (thinking I had to order dessert). 
Dessert was great - the home-made tiramisu deserves an A-, certainly not an A though. Cappucino was awesome however. and the combo of the two made the tiramisu became an A item :) 
Overall, would not mind visiting again to try another dish. Certainly not a good romantic place for chatting, but great for friends gathering where you can just cry all your stories out loud. :DThis a cash only place but so good! And bring your own alcohol is so awesome! I love going to authentic Italian restaurants that have Italians working there,  and this place does. They have indoor and outdoor seating. Grilled calamari was interesting and good.  They have quite a few specials not on the menu.  The dishes we my SO and I ordered were wonderful. Squid ink pasta, scallops and shrimp was a special,  I ordered that,  it was my first time trying it and really enjoyed it.  The vodka sauce is what my SO ordered,  cleaned up the sauce with bread when the pasta was gone. Nice wait staff,  always made sure we were filled with water and bread. Recommend stopping in. And if you forget cash, the bar across the street has an atm that you can use. Prices were good!La Viola is a small mom and pop italian restaurant with very creative and robust dishes. Portion sizes aren't huge but they aren't pathetic. You won't leave this restaurant stuffed out of your mind since none of the entrees come with a side (pasta/salad) you have to order them separately.  The food was definitely 4 out of 5 stars. Price wasn't outrageous, 84.95 for four people and that wasn't including alcohol. The fact that La Viola is BYOB is a huge plus. My only complaint about La Viola is how damn cramped it was. Everyone is right on top of each other. If you wanted to go to the bathroom it was like walking through a seating isle at a movie theatre. You had maybe a foot of space between you and a stranger at another table