The service was extraordinary good I felt like a king the food was good I went there for brunch they has endless choices to choose from . They even have caviar which was delicious and they have omlette station. Your server will bring your omlet to your table. It's expensive but we'll worth it.It's fine dining, yes, but for this casual diner I preferred the brunch to dinner handsdown! No contest. Being in the industry, it was double the fun having parts of the meal served in the kitchen! And the service? En pointe and friendly. What an exquisite way to spend a snowy afternoon!!Expensive. Uneven. Best when clarity eg poached lobster with uni foam.More often unbalanced or over zealous combinations led to obfuscation or sludge: deconstructed guinea fowl~ pulled pork or amusee bouch - unrecognizable .
No warniing that bird breast was smoked.Good wine list.Wooden service.
No Michelin star here.Don't even bother looking at the menu just do the 7 course tasting. It's an absolute must. I come here at least twice a year and have never had a bad tasting. Wallet is light when I leave but money well spent. Lacroix in the number one restaurant in Philly in my opinion.Had high expectations and although it was good, I was not wowed. For the price of brunch, I expected so much more. There was not a dish that I wanted to go back for seconds. However, the service was great. Everyone was very attentive!When one thinks of buffet, one thinks of Golden Corral or cheap Chinese food. Both hold places in the hearts and stomachs of wary travelers or persons needing large amounts of greasy food. This is not the buffet for them. This is the spread for people who have planned on eating here, not to be full beyond breathing, but to taste the most variety of delightful delicacies.
We went here after a week of planned eating to accommodate the large array of brunch edibles. After 2.5 hours of amazing food and service, we left filling full, not stuffed and happy to spend the money at this elevated "buffet." 
My recommendations, do not eat bread or any carbs. Find the food you would not normally eat or purchase at the store and go back for seconds or thirds. Juice is included, so ask for the server for each kind of juice in order to get the full experience.I came in for restaurant week with a coworker and the service was amazing, the food was ... alright.
First we came in and were seated in the small offset room that had some sort of tacky decor, but a great view of the park. Michael was our server and he was attentive and took time to explain each dish as it came out. The menu wasn't that descriptive at all, so his explanations were great in letting us know what was on each of our plates.
The meal started with delicious delicious bread and 2 types of butter. A goat butter w/ sashimi seasoning and then another one with some type of fancy salt. 
After we weret reated to a chef's gift of 3 small mouth bites of different tasting h'orderves. One was some type of fish on a thin delicious blue corn chip, a foie gras macaroon, and a beef tartare thingie... The beef was the best, the foie gras threw me off, and i really enjoyed the thin blue corn chip.
My starter was the cold peach soup. It was cold, had hints of peach, but not quite what I was expecting. I think the texture was a lot more guspacho than I had anticipated, which was more a sweeter thinner expectation. It came with buttermilk (?) jelly which was interesting and some dried pepper that I did not really enjoy.
The main course was pork loin wrapped with bacon and baby carrots in some sort of reduction. This was good, there were 2 small servings of pork and bacon though, so I'm glad I filled up on the bread.
For dessert I went with the corn choice and I felt it was too much going on. There was a corn/apricot sorbet on corn polenta (similar to corn bread), with pop corn and nitrogen frozen olive oil & thyme to be eaten with the pop corn, and some preserved apricot? It wasn't horrible, but I wasn't sure if I enjoyed it. Go with the Pear dessert instead. This comes with a 3 later cake of molasses jelly, chocolate and something else, much richer and delicious. The chef's take on a root beer float w/ pear... that was not that great.I went on a Sunday to celebrate my wife's birthday.  The food is wonderful.  There are many choices for appetizers and mains.  The seafood section is very generous with full size shrimp, a wide array of sushi and oysters.  There are full carving  stations of been and pork.  The eating area is a bit cramped.  The service is wonderfully attentive.  For me  a little too much, but for the type of restaurant it is, one should expect your napkin being folded immediately when you you get up.  In summary it is a great place to celebrate a special occasion.Pure excellence. Went for a birthday dinner in January, and finally getting around to writing a review. It's a little tricky finding the entrance the first time, due to it being a part of Rittenhouse Hotel. But the concierge was friendly (he must deal with wandering patrons all the time) and pointed us in the right direction. 
Lacroix had everything that is desired and necessary for a great dining experience. Everything from the greeting, decor, views, and most importantly, the food. 
Service was great, funky and elegant plates with yummy food inside of it. We were lucky enough to also sit at the Chef's table for dessert, after already a decadently delicious majority of the meal, which was a real treat. 
foie gras was excellent, and wine list/sommelier was helpful. 
The meal was a while ago, but I just remember this blur of delicious food, fantastic service, excellent decor, and memorable experience. 
I've also heard that their brunch is amazing, so planning on returning for that! magnifique!Yup, the brunch is to die for.... and at $56 per person it is an incredible deal. Ritz brunch buffets are typically $75pp (at least in Cali), and they don't compare. Lacroix's setup (half the buffet is in the kitchen!) is very fun and unique, and selection is incomparable. The cold app table was like a buffet of amuse bouches - assortments of very complex and meticulously prepared bites - I've never seen anything like them at a buffet. My favorites were definitely the caviar and gnocchi. I'll be stuffed and happy for a long time. 
Why not 5 stars? The service was weirdly lacking. Had to beg to place drink orders and to have champagne poured. There was a sweet woman often nearby gathering plates, but for some reason she wasn't allowed to pour champagne- a little frustrating though nothing another mound of caviar cant fix. :)Best damn brunch ever...at 60 bucks a person but doesn't included unlimited booze but the quality and selection of food so make up for it....will visit again in bigger pants and maybe a colostomy bag attached to my body too!This special dining experience for our anniversary exceeded all expectations! Our waiter was much more than one might expect, providing in-depth descriptions of all menu items as though it was his first time doing so. His support staff left nothing to be desired.We knew we could only make it to one place for Restaurant Week, so we decided to make it count. All I can say is that everything was perfect, from our little table overlooking the park to the breadbasket brimming with an assortment of panary delights. We opted for the $35 three course menu (there was also a $75 tasting menu) and cocktails and couldn't have been happier. All the staff were absolutely lovely and not the least bit pretentious, and even though this was our first time at Lacroix, at no point did we feel as though we were being shortchanged just because it was Restaurant Week.
We already have our Valentine's Day dinner booked elsewhere, but I definitely want to come back here at some point to celebrate a special event, or even just pop in for brunch which is apparently amazing. 
Pricey? Absolutely. But how wonderful it is to drop a bundle and actually get what you paid for.The best dining experience in the country. IMO, this is the best upscale restaurant in Philly. Food is very creative and service is great. Flawless.Best brunch selection I've ever experienced! Service was fantastic! You get up to get another selection of food for 60 seconds, everytime when you come back your plate is cleared and place reset. The tour through the kitchen was so much fun. An absolute 10!!!We came here because of the raving brunch reviews. Unfortunately we had reservations for 11 and missed the buffet which ends at 10 on Saturdays so we had to order off of the plated brunch menu. The food was just okay. I've had better salmon omelets at Marathon and my husband's Philadelphia platter got the job done but wasn't anything special. Don't get me wrong, the service and views were lovely and food wasn't bad but for 60 bucks I want to be wowed and that didn't happen here. We'll try again for the buffet since that seems to be the thing everyone loves.Lacroix is, by far, the best restaurant in Philadelphia. I have eaten there about 5 times for dinner over the past 3 years, as well as twice for brunch and countless times for happy hour. The food goes without saying - it's not only delicious, every single time, but also unbelievably unique and interesting. The choice of flavors - white chocolate, bacon 
& lobster ravioli anyone? - never ceases to amaze me.
Last night I went to Lacroix for Valentine's Day and was once again beyond pleased with my meal. I had the signature Lacroix salad (included caramel brittle! I'm telling you, the flavor combinations are to die for) and the lobster entree, which was cooked perfectly, and my date had the octopus appetizer and striped bass. We also enjoyed the chocolate fountain at the end of the night, as well as a few recommended desserts, which (no surprise here!) were all fantastic. Even the strawberries are better than everyone else's!
And while I clearly love the food at Lacroix, I must take time to discuss the service. The wait staff, hosts, bartenders, chefs, and all other employees are so above and beyond the best in the city words really can't even describe them. Chris, my favorite waiter at ANY restaurant I have ever been to, not only remembers me each time I come back but also remembers what we talked about at our previous dinners. Jean-Paul and Z (won't even try spelling his name) are so friendly and helpful, without being overbearing, that it's hard to imagine going anywhere else.
It means a lot for me to say that Lacroix is my favorite restaurant of all time - I love to eat, and enjoy trying new restaurants as much as possible. But, if someone were to ask my to choose just one, I would have to go with Lacroix, hands down.Just had Sunday brunch here today, and everything was nearly perfect. Nearly. I say that because the combination of the astounding array of food and my gluttony made me eat so much that I couldn't move out of my chair. I think I had about half a lb of caviar by myself, and about a dozen west coast oysters. At 65$ a person, it's not cheap but it's actually a very good deal for the amazing quality food and the huge variety. Treat yourself to an amazing brunch at Lacroix, and don't miss the chocolate fountain in the kitchen ;)Yuch, I hated it! I'm sure everyone will think I'm just stupid, and unsophisticated. I don't care. It was awful, in the food sense. Yea, if you think all the plates touching the table at the same time matters.........it might be for you. If you think, "compliments of the chef" makes you feel special......it might be for you. If you arehaving dinner with a "special" important person and he needs to constantly be pampered........it is for you. It ain't for me. Food was cold, pork and fish together ?????? Rabbit served cold?????? venison?????? What's this, game dinner night? salad was.......blah, nothing but a small handful of spring mix, without an explanation, soufflé, let me put the ice cream in, 1......2......3.........remove the spoon.........please, get a room. chocolates don't excite me, best part was the wine. And, I never drink wine. Two part experience....first, and last!I had the pleasure to join several colleagues for dinner on a recent early summer night.  After a long day at work, we were hungry, so we asked for a few off menu appetizers to start the evening.  This was definitely a start to a great meal, oysters, charcuterie. pickled veggies and a plate of caviar samples.  We also were presented with a selection of breads, olives and nuts.  All were wonderful.
We all opted for the prix fix menu.  It came with several extras which were quite a bonus.  The vichyssoise was outstanding, as was the white asparagus, the soft shelled crab and the filet.  We had a custom wine pairing that was outstanding.  The "chocolate" dessert was incredible.
The service was attentive and outstanding.
This is definitely a must do in the city.This restaurant, staff and food are amazing. The food and service are consistent and delicious . The staff makes you feel like a celebrity even when you're just ordering something small. If you're questioning going based on prices, go for lunch - it is much cheaper and reasonable and the food is still exceptional.Best kept secret in Philly is the Express Breakfast Buffet at Lacroix in the Rittenhouse Hotel.  Served Monday through Friday, 7-10:00 a.m., at $16 per person and Saturday, 7-10:30 a.m., at $18 per person, the all-you-can-eat Express Breakfast Buffett is the best deal in town.  You break-fast soaking up the ambiance of this fine restaurant and Rittenhouse Square (puff-puff) and you are treated to Lacroix's impeccable service.  The buffet treats you to selections of juice, coffee/tea, eggs, breakfast meats, cereals, pastries, etc. all self-served on their fine china and linens.  My partner and I come here often and we just love it.  It is a great way of trying out Lacroix at an affordable price.Horribly expensive and the fish tasted like leftovers from the all you can eat sushi buffet. Might be good for everyone else on yelp, but definitely not for our party.I went here for my boyfriend's birthday and it was definitely the best fine dining dinner I have had in Philly so far. Not only the food was high quality but also the service was extraordinary. From the customized menu with a happy birthday title just for my boyfriend, to the countless complimentary dishes along the dinner that was not from our prix fixe menu, to the Tiffany's-box-imitation mini birthday cake, everything was just perfect and screamed high class. I always take photos of my food (millennium thing), but rarely do I crave food when I relook at the photos like I had with Lacroix. I don't want to go into the details of the food we had because I felt like sometimes it's better to taste the food than looking at the photos and reading some mere reviews that may or may not live up to the real quality of the food. All in all,  Lacroix definitely did not disappoint me and my boyfriend and I hope you will feel the same way.We are visiting the Philadelphia area for a while, and visiting friends in the suburbs, so decided to stay for a few days in the Rittenhouse.  On looking into reviews of Lacroix, we decided we ought to give it a try for dinner; our hopes/expectations were truly exceeded.  I apologize for not posting photos of each course, but doing that has got to feel too much like work, and that's not what I'm up to, while having a fantastic meal.  Here's the menu, an image of which also accompanies my review.  Scores after each show how impressed we were, and average out to 93/100.
Saturday, 11 June 2016 - Chef's Tasting Menu
Foie Gras with quince, golden beet and chicory; paired with 2012 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Riesling Auslese by Joh. Jos. Prüm, Mosel, Germany.  80/100
Dutch White Asparagus, baby lettuce, dill, yuzu, trout roe; paired with 2010 Alte Reben Sylvaner Kabinett Trocken by Graf von Schönborn, Franken, Germany.  90/100
Lots of fresh green flavors, it was Spring on a plate!
Halibut, brioche crust, sorrel, caviar; paired with 2013 Winkl Sauvignon Blanc by Cantina Terlano, Alto-Adige, Italy.  100/100
That brioche crust, remarkably thin and crispy, is a real wonderment!
Softshell Crab, spring garlic cream, tabbouleh; paired with 2014 Les Caburoches sec by La Taille aux Loups, Vouvray, France.  95/100
First time ever for softshell, this was Atlantic Blue Crab, nicely browned and lightly crusty for a very pleasing "toothsomeness."
Rabbit, chanterelle, zucchini, almond; paired with 2012 La Sagesse Côtes-du-Rhône by Domaine Gramenon, France.  95/100
Lamb, english pea, baby turnip, mint; paired with 2012 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard by Seven Hills Winery, Red Mountain, Washington State, USA.  100/100
We think the name means "Horse Heaven."
This featured both lamb shoulder and loin meat.  I've long felt that the shoulder has the tastiest meat on a lamb, and went right to a piece of it first.  It was just incredible, and I felt sure that compared to it, the loin might be a bit of a disappointment - was I ever wrong!  The loin was equally fantastic, and we both quite loved it.
Miyazake Wagyu (strip steak), sweetbread, red quinoa with Harrisa, apricot; paired with 2008 Señorío de P. Peciña Reserva Rioja, Spain.  100/100
The world's best beef, and sweetbreads, on the same plate, what's not to love?
CHEESE: Crottin, rhubarb, granola; paired with 1975 Moulin Touchais Coteaux du Layon, France.  90/100
We REALLY liked the idea of a delicious single cheese presented fully arranged.  We have been to several restaurants which come 'round with a cart with dozens of cheeses on it, and that's too overwhelming.  By the time they've explained the ninth cheese, your brain isn't likely to be hanging on to all of the information to make its decisions.  The crottin, a fresh goat cheese, was very nicely arranged and prepared, and we loved it.
Strawberry, buttermilk semifreddo, lemon verbena, rhubarb; paired with Patrick Bottex La Cueille, Bugey-Cerdon, France (NV).  90/100
My other half was blown away by this wine, and decided to seek out a source and buy a case of it!
Chocolate, coffee, blackberry, whipped ganache; paired with New York Malmsey Madeira from The Rare Wine Company (NV).  90/100
We couldn't ask for people to take better care of us while dining, and the ambiance was perfect, as were the very comfortable chairs in a wide table that was plenty big for a great meal.  The windows look out at Rittenhouse Square, with its nice variety of greenery, Oaks, Sycamores, Maples, Locusts, Ginkgos, and so forth.  The wine pairings were very well thought of, the pace was perfect, staff were far beyond mere competence, and it was clear from their faces and demeanor that they like and enjoy their jobs, and care for giving their guests a great dining experience.  Kudos, staff/team, you do wonderful work!  I would also note that there was never a problem understanding anyone, all are native English speakers, with good communication skills.  That has not always been our experience, even in very highly rated restaurants.  Our menu came hand-signed by Jon Chichon and Justin Timsit, executive chef and wine director, respectively.  Next week we're going to check out the Sunday brunch!This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. If you like French you must attend. The tasting is always the best way to go.Birthday dinner was made extra special by server Omar Torres. We left him in charge of ordering our dinner, scary yes but we know little about fancy food. We tried things we wouldn't have by ourself but enjoyed it. Chefs came out presenting our dishes. Very nice gesture.
Food was out of this world, service top notch! Thank you.Best brunch ever! It's worth every penny!
I have been here on 3 different occasions for brunch, and it's definitely my favorite upscale brunch. Everything is perfect - food, decor, service. 
I haven't found any other restaurant that compares.Five Stars Not Enough. . . 
We stayed over at Rittenhouse driving home to Virginia from northern New England.
The accidental result:  the best meal we've eaten in at least two years.  We ordered the four course prix fixe, which was really six courses with the generous amuse and dessert mint/gel trays before and after.  
Karen's beet salad was like a tiny vivid beet sculpture that you could eat.   My fluke crudo was sashimi-esque, with grapefruit, heart of palm and caviar.  Our seafood courses were sensational:  Karen's poached lobster and my octopus were done perfectly, with delicious sauce and vegetable salsas.  The two meat courses, lamb loin and Niman Ranch beef cheeks, fork tender and done perfectly.  And exceptional desserts-Karen's banana souffle with caramel gelato and my baked alaska with raspberry, rhubarb, and crispy granola.  
The wait staff were ultra cool yet attentive and gracious.  This is one of the great urban restaurants in the US, a peer of Boston's famed L'Espalier.   We're coming back.WOW this place is good. I came here for a birthday party in December 2008 for the Brunch Buffet. At first I was a little surprised by the price ($60 for brunch!?!?!), but I was left speechless. 
An incredible assortment of items sprawls the restaurant -- I felt like keep uncovering more impressive displays of food in hidden nooks and wings throughout the place. 
Most impressive was the attention to detail and the service. The birthday girl was served a custom cake (made to look like a wrapped present) that matched her outfit.Presentation is main charm of this restaurant. I used to just love fancy decoration on my palate in my early 20's. If they draw flower on my plate I was so so so impressed already. Now I l have known better, eaten out so much, I admit that so hard to get impressed by restaurant. Either price has to be good or has to be superb with food. 
Just beautifully decorated food doesn't impress me much anymore. 
Small portion was fine with me. I do aware fine dining place will never full me so we order a lot so it wasn't about their portion.
Was off from the start, I prefer spread butter to be room temperature. This one wasn't. Little disappointed from the beginning. 
Presentation of food was beautiful. They do care about color of your plate and have great sense. But it gets boring if I keep eating unflavored white foam with gello typed sauce. I remember it was super impressed when I had gello sauce and foams on my food. I was like wow. This is genius but that was couple years ago. Now wherever I go, I get to eat foams and I don't like foams that much... 
Maybe we ordered too much seafood oriented menu but I am a seafood fan.. Most dishes tasted too similar. My halibut was chewy and well cooked but broth was a bit boring... Luckily the portion wasn't so big so finished all of my food. 
They got amazing reviews about their brunch. I think o rather want to try their brunch not regular meal next time.Overall a great experience.
First, it is positioned inside the Rittenhouse hotel, which made it a bit difficult to find...but once we found it, it was so worth it!
The environment was great. Dark, but not too dark. Large seats with tables positioned strategically so as to maximize privacy from nearby tables. One concern was the restaurant's proximity to a local apartment complex. I sat facing the large, glass wall, which apparently was built right up against the windows of local residents. I was able to watch a Philadelphian do his laundry while comfortably seated in this restaurant.
Environment: 4.5/5
I had the opportunity to try 3 dishes:
Chicken Thigh (4.5/5): Absolutely delicious. Squares of chicken with a crunchy outside and a very chewy, juicy inside. It was coupled with what seemed to be square pastas, which helped clean out the flavor each bite. I absolutely loved the balance of the crunchiness and chewiness, which when combined with the flavorful sauce, made for a great combination.
Kimchi Gnocchi (3.5/5): Flavor was great, but I was not that impressed overall. Definitely and interesting concept, but 1) there was far too little food (maybe like 10 pieces of gnocchi) and the gnocchi itself was a little bland. I had to load up on the sauce to really taste anything. Everyone else ordered the lamb, and I would likely have done that as well if it weren't for the novelty of this dish's concept.
Parfait w/ Stouds (5/5): AMAZING. Came as two layers in a cup. We were instructed to break the top layer (which consisted of Stouds ice cream and a chocolate cookie) and let it flow to the bottom (which consisted of bananas and bread). When the two layers mixed, it made for a slimy (in a delicious way), melty, creamy concoction that mixed the textures together. Of course the typical mixing ice cream with chocolate wasn't too bad either!3.5 stars (only because expectations were set...)
I've been meaning to dine at Lacroix but the experience did not blow me away as I imagined it would although I have to say that it was very thoughtful for the restaurant to have prepared my table in advance and one that offered a lovely view of the park.
However, overall, I thought the service was a far cry from what one is used to in NYC. First and foremost, I was rather surprised and puzzled to note that the utensils were placed with the dinner ware at the far end, with the appetizers' utensils in the inner side, closer to the plate. Additionally, my foie gras appetizer was served on a rectangular plate, which I was very startled when the waiter placed it vertically towards me rather than horizontally. One would have thought that the wait staff would have been briefed on dinner settings and dish placements.
I got curious about the wild striped bass with avocado, jerk artichokes and peanut spatzle largely due to the interesting choice of accompaniments, without which, I would have probably gone for the halibut. However considering that I had ordered the foie gras (which was prepared with peanuts as an accompaniment) for my app, I wasn't exactly thrilled by the use of the same ingredient for my main. Additionally, the accompaniments to the striped bass was less exciting than what I imagined them to be and the surprise ginger taste within threw me off guard.
Overall, I shall not dismiss the experience at Lacroix. I had a very relaxed lunch and the food was good, though both were short from memorable.I've dined in my share of upscale restaurants featuring fine dining throughout my years and as far as I am concerned, you can keep Lacroix, which is located in the affluent Rittenhouse Square area and inside the swanky Rittenhouse Hotel.
We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, Allyson, who was just as sweet and friendly as can be. Our wait staff of say five, were on top of our every wish and desire and management made it a point to stop by to welcome us and chat a bit. We had tried our best to get a reservation for their famous Sunday brunch, but to no avail, which is something I may still consider trying sometime.
We were there for lunch, a very few tables were seated during our visit, the dining room is classy, with a beautiful bar and windows with perfect views for people watching. The prices for the portions and quality is what left me baffled, how do they get away with it, I mean are they kept alive by unsuspecting hotel guests or folks that love to blow a huge wad of money and still walk away hungry? If it had not been for the bread, that is exactly what would have happened.
I asked to order a glass of wine and the waiter asked what I would like, instead of offering me a wine list. I said, well I'm not sure what all you have but a nice chardonney would be fine. He then said from California? Lol, I said yes that would be fine, I mean please, present some kind of a list or at least have knowledge of choices readily available. The sommelier presented an almost empty bottle and allowed me to sniff, swirl and taste before pouring my incredibly expensive half glass of wine. Hubs snickered, I was tempted to tip the last swallow that was left in the bottle into my glass, but restrained myself.
Michael had the grilled Caesar salad to start, which were three leaves from the heart of the romaine, whole and topped with grilled red onion and parmesan cheese. The portion was small, but the flavor was good. 
Once you have ordered, you are presented with a really great basket of hot bread, the food took awhile to come out, so we pretty well filled up on bread, which was our own fault. Since I had ordered the cheese plate another basket came out, loaded with more bread and crackers and well before the cheese plate, so we dined on more bread.
The cheese plate, I indulged myself with the larger one which came with 6 cheeses and the waiter was kind enough to ask for my likes and dislikes in cheeses, telling him I loved them all but was partial to bleu's, brie, camembert, cheddars and so on.
Twenty-eight dollars gave me and I don't even know how to describe this, one wonderful bleu, and a nice variety of cows milk, sheep milk and goat milk cheeses. What was the problem then? I'm not sure why the huge basket of bread or the large crackers, all of the cheese would not have even covered one cracker! I'm serious! I'm trying to visually picture something to describe the size and thickness and a postage stamp with the thickness of a nickle comes to mind. 
So, not too many choices for the main dish, we were both torn between the cheeseburger or the lobster roll and we each decided to splurge on the lobster roll. Now, mind you that I lived in New England for eight years and that I have often visited. I also make them at home when I get hungry for one.
Twenty five dollars each for the skimpiest, funniest, yes I'm laughing, "lobster roll" I have ever seen! First of all, they make their own rolls, dry, stale short rolls. Then they barely and I do mean barely make a notch out of the top of the roll, to then top it with lettuce and "lobster salad"? 
This lobster salad was loaded with sliced grapes, I mean loaded and I would not be opposed to the slight addition of sliced grapes, as it was different, but where's the lobster? They could not have diced it any smaller, it was the size of chopped onions, the grapes were larger and so very, very little meat. I actually was so tired of bread at that point that I dumped the lobster salad onto my plate and if it would have filled a quarter of a cup, I would have been surprised.
The lobster roll comes with a side of homemade tarragon potato chips, which were okay, they need to lay them out a bit more before seasoning, as some were unseasoned and some were way over seasoned.
Hubs then ordered the large tier of six desserts from the pastry cart. This was a good deal at twelve dollars and a nice small sampling of desserts. He still walked out hungry and he ate that small lobster roll. We walked out, with a whole lot less in our pocket, shrugged our shoulders and said okay, we've been to Lacroix.
By the way, the valet has a field day readjusting the drivers seat. I can see moving it back or forth, but pumping it higher, reclining it?The service at Lacroix was impeccable as was the food.  The service was friendly and nonpretentious.  
Sundays and Mondays are 50% off every single bottle of wine on the list, so it's a really great time to explore expensive wine that you would normally not want to drop the money for.  
The complimentary amuse-bouche for the evening was a creamy celery root soup that was one of the best things we had that evening.  It had a creamy/nutty flavor with a hint of celery.  
Appetizer:  Octopus with gnocchi and pancetta was phenomenal.  I think I would go back just for this.  We also figured that we'd try foie gras for the first time.  The texture was soft, melted in your mouth, but not something I would routinely drop 24 dollars on.
Entree: I had this deconstructed lobster lasagna with baked ricotta corkscrews.  It was delicious.  The loster was perfectly good between layers of thin circular pasta.  My boyfriend had the goat which he thought was delicious, but did not compare to the lobster.
All in all, I would probably return again for a special occassion.Without alchohol it was $160 for two of us saving the 3 course meal (5 courses possible).  If you're cost-conscious you sure don't do it often, but once a year it's splendid.  The food is unique and delicious, the portions small enough that we weren't bloated,  The view out over Rittenhouse square glowing with Christmas lights was wonderful, and the staff were attentive without cloying.  Splendid all the way.I have been to the Sunday brunch on 3 different occasions, in the past year and each time the food, service, and the amount I slept, post-meal, seemed to increase. Unlike most brunches, no matter the time or effort I put in, I wouldn't be able to make one item on the fanciest of fancy menu. The service is awesome, I am a 32 year old man, and I felt like a little princess, all the attention that is showered on you by the staff, its amazing , Yes I would like more coffee, Yes I would like you to bring me something to eat that you think I might like, Yes I would enjoy it if you rubbed my stomach and whispered sweet nothings into my ear while my food disgust. If you have a little extra money to burn or someone else is paying I suggest the wine pairing with the brunch, nothing says " Hey Instagram  followers my life is better than yours, then nursing a hangover by eating caviar and drinking Moet and OJ", but be warned this brunch is not for the frugal, 2 people, plus parking, plus 20% tip will set you back 213.00 clams, but for that price you can literally eat that many clams, shrimp and oysters, so i guess it all works out in the end. Plus I love a expensive Food ComaFinally checked it off from my bucket list! Absolutely love all the food here! Great service and great view!This review applies the Sunday Brunch only.  My wife and I have gone between Christmas and New Years every year for 4+ years now as a special treat.  Every year, we are wowed by the skill of the chefs, the impeccable service of the waitstaff, and the overall excellence of the experience.  
The dishes are always well designed, this coming from a frequent tester of a classically trained french chef's creations.  I can say that every year, the menu changes in wonderful ways, highlighting combinations and tastes I have never experienced before.  I can say I have never had a bad dish, only ones less amazing than the others.  You truly raise your standards from the beginning of the meal to the end.
The service is attentive, nuanced, and consistent.  If they are unsure, they ask instead of sweeping in so quick you feel rushed.  Nothing used is allowed to rest and you never want for a waiter, bartender or manager to be at your table with a simple hand wave.
I have to make special mention of the coffee.  This is truly one of the highlights for me.  Smooth, not acidic, perfectly brewed.  This truly needs no additivies to make it fantastic.
I seriously suggest that you use this as a special event but that you make those plans now.  It is one of the best, if not the best, meal experiences you can have in Philadelphia on a consistent level.Most awesome (and expensive) brunch place in Philly!
My husband brought us here for our 1st Anniversary brunch - knowing it'd be expensive but we were expecting a set meal.  Boy were we in for a surprise!!  When we got there they gave us a tour of all the foods available for brunch and I got SO excited!
It was like - a tasting of awesome dishes and delicacies, raw oyster bar, sushi, carving station, chocolate fondue fountain, dessert table.  WOWOWOWOWOWOW.  
$56/pp but wow.  It was worth it for the experience and the excitement!  Service was great also.  They even surprised us with a special anniversary dessert treat  :)  
I would go back - but only for a special occasion, otherwise it would feel too indulgent.Was honored to be part of a private dinner party celebrating a family member's milestone birthday. Unbelievable food with service to match! This is THE spot for an exquisite meal with family and friends...Terrific!!!  Outstanding service  (not too obtrusive or hoovering) and outstanding food.  The dining room is very pleasant - tables nicely spaced, many with views. Two of us don't eat meat and one had a peanut alllergy -- all of which they easily accommodated with no muss or fuss.
The quality of food and preparation was exceptional -- equal to the best in Boston and New York.Once upon a time, in a magical place, there was a girl who entered the dessert room of the Lacroix kitchen and was commanded to eat and sample all she wanted- for free!!!
Sigh.  It is a true story.  Lacroix was retiring.  To celebrate the handing over of the reigns of his empire, he invited various people to dine and sample and imbibe FOR FREE.  Champagne- another glass, miss?  Why, OF COURSE!
I longed to have a reason to return.  I so enjoyed my time there.
I dined with a friend in the main dining room for restaurant week.  EEK.  What a way to destroy the perfect facade.  Everything was fine- fine being ok- not perfection.
So, finally, when my prince charming and I tied the knot, we had our wedding dinner in the private dining room.  SUPER FABULOUS.  My new nephews were treated like the princes that they are.  Everyone enjoyed themselves immensely.  The food was superb, but the service is the gleaming crown jewel of the experience.  The amuse bouches/desserts/little extras are the sparkling pave gems around that bigger jewel.Seriously such a decadent brunch! Everything you can think of and more! Sushi, charcuterie, raw bar, cheeses, dessert heaven, chocolate fountain and nitrogen ice cream beads!!! This place is so Rittenhouse square!! The hotel is amazing too! They made my wedding so super special. Some of the guests went here the Sunday after the wedding and they are still talking about how awesome the experience was.Went here for restaurant week, $35 a head for prix fixe. Had the crab dumpling appetizer, and swordfish main dish. Wasn't the typical French food I have had in the past which involved creamy sauces. Definitely not a value play in that the entire meal could have been an appetizer for me. Not sure if this is the restaurant week portion or if this the normal portion size. My GF advised me not to ask. The plates and bowls were comically large compared to the amount of food actually on them though. The taste was good, but I have had better. 
Food Quality/Taste =  3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 1
Service = 4
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4Lacroix is absolutely one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Hubby and I went last night for Restaurant Week per my sister's enthusiastic recommendations. 
First of all, the service is beyond compare. The attention to detail is what sets Lacroix apart. As we arrived in the restaurant, I announced my reservation and we were immediately shown to our table at the window with a beautiful view of the park. Note to self: always ask for a window table in future reservations. When we were seated, our server came over and greeted me by name. Even the gentleman presenting the different courses also greeted me by name. I know this is something so simple, but it makes the experience more memorable. They already have my name from the reservation, so why not?
Now, on the the food. For our first course, Hubby ordered the Blue Crab Consomme and I had the Texas Redfish (Red Drum), which pleased me because it is much more sustainable than the Japanese Sea Bass listed on the menu on the RW website. The fish was prepared crudo style, with thinly sliced pineapple and salmon roe. It was very fresh and a perfect first course. Hubby's consomme was very complex and deep in flavor, yet beautifully delicate, as a perfect consomme should be.
For our second courses, Hubby ordered the Beef Short Rib and I had the Swordfish. The short rib was out of this world, cooked to melt-in-your-mouth perfection and served atop smoked white chocolate grits, bitter greens and a maitake mushroom that just exploded with flavor. My swordfish was also perfectly cooked, served with hearts of palm, fennel, green onion and tangerine. This was topped tableside with a warm Barigoule. This dish, like the consomme, was so flavorful and beautifully complex, yet delicate at the same time. It had the perfect level of seasoning and I could eat that swordfish every day.
And now, the moment you've all been waiting for: dessert! All I can say is WOW! Now I do not have a sweet tooth by any means. Most days I'd rather eat a bowl of pasta for dessert rather than a bowl of ice cream. But when I tried this dessert, I was on another planet. I had the Warm Roasted Apples with almond dolce de leche and thyme ice cream, garnished with some crispy spiced phyllo dough. Yes, thyme ice cream. This was likely the best dessert I've ever eaten. I can not stop thinking about the thyme ice cream and what I can do to get my hands on some more. It married so perfectly with the richness of the dolce de leche and the almonds and added the perfect herbaceous earthiness that all baked apples beg for. Hubby's Chocolate Coffee Mousse was very nice as well. For me, it was a little on the sweet side, but I imagine if you like all of those sweet coffee drinks from Starbucks, you'll love the mousse. 
I am so glad that we finally tried Lacroix. At Lacroix, it's not just about the amazing food, but the whole experience. I have heard wonderful things about their brunch, so maybe we will try that soon. I am already looking forward to my next visit!This was one of the best meals I had during the 4 years I went to school in Philly.  I saved it for my senior year, and it was well worth the wait.  The service was impeccable, and the food itself was amazing.  I was temporarily overwhelmed by the variety and couldn't decide if I wanted to take the sweet or savory brunch route.  Luckily the buffet setup allows you to do a little of both.
The place was a little more quiet and formal than I'm usually comfortable with, but who cares when you have such a great brunch spread before you?It is one of the best buffets I have tried that was not in Vegas. Great care and detail goes into the food and service and you can taste the difference in each and everything. Walking into the kitchen to get food is kind of nice and unique. Also it is the cleanest functioning kitchen I have ever seen, which is a good sign. Great location and excellent view into Rittenhouse Square (if you get a window seat). Only downside is that it is pricey so can't do this often enough.Horrible for vegetarians. I hate to complain but my boyfriend and I went for Valentine's Day. I'm a vegetarian and have been to plenty nice/high end restaurants with amazing vegetable dishes. Every dish I got here for the "prefixed" menu I had one bite and set aside. I didn't eat any of my dinner, only the bread (which was delicious) I'm sad to say I will never be going back here. Nice waitstaff and bartenders, very friendly. Horrible food and not worth the $135 for a prefixed vegetarian meal. I felt like it should have been free, the food was that bad. Don't go if you don't eat meat, on the other hand, my boyfriend "liked" his meal, didn't love it. Not worth the money, the chocolate dessert was even grossWe had Mother's Day brunch here, $85 per person.  (On Mother's day, brunch is served all day, we had a reservation for dinnertime.)
Three stars for the food , minus 1 star for the service.
The good part: they had a lot of high-end dishes using a lot of expensive ingredients (lobster, caviar, etc.)
So why such a low rating? After having the brunch buffet here, I became convinced that high-end food can't be served buffet style.  There were dishes that I could tell would have been good had they been cooked to order and not sitting out. It's really disappointing to have overcooked pasta or a cold escargot tart.  And remember, for $85 / person, you can have a tasting menu at many restaurants where food is cooked to order for you.  
Another thing we discovered was that there was too much to try and too much going on.  We got lots of little tastings of everything , but never had time  to savor it. Before our mouth could savor an item, we had switched to another. Having a prix-fixe meal of 5-6 courses is much better -- sure you don't get to try as much variety, but then you really get to savor the different flavors and textures that the chef is aiming for in a dish. You let a dish grow on you and understand the nuance of a dish.  Instead this buffet brunch is like taking the top 40 pop songs and taking a sentence from each stanza and just playing them right after the other. It's a mad slapdash of really good things - but you don't really have time to savor and enjoy.
Service: OK, this can't be too hard considering it's a buffet service. Yet our service was not good.  We ordered sparkling water and had to wait a good 10 minutes (after we had already gotten our food).  We ordered wine, and it also didn't come promptly.  They took away my silverware but didn't replace it. A lot of things we seemed to have to ask for twice -- really, service should be a lot better than that. It wasn't rude or anything, just not top notch.  
And it seemed like they were really trying to rush us out of there.  They kept pushing us to go to the next course. My boyfried and I like to use our expensive dinner dates as a time to talk and catch up on life , but instead it was like "go! speedracer go!'" to the next buffet table with these waiters. So we didn't get a nice elegant romantic dinner, we got a mad dash to try all these buffet tables.totally amazing. Each time a plate landed on the table was like a little surprise. between the appetizers and the entree they served a little side snack which makes the whole experience adventurous. 
the set up was great and romantic. They do play nice music which suits the settings. The service was amazing and polite. The presentation of the food was detailed, and the food is nicely done with precision.
my favorite part is the waiter's recommendation for wines. He told us they do spend time study the wine menus. Yes it is very pricey but its worth it! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Fantastic French fine dining with a view of rittenhouse square.
Service is attentive and knowledgable.  Food is perfect.  Atmosphere is a little less stuffy than the fountain restaurant further uptown, but is no less romantic.  Overall, I get to go here about once a year, and it's a real treat.  I love French food, and this is one of my top picks, and must stop if you are looking for some of the most delicious and refined food in Philly.WOW!!! Can I give the Brunch at Lacroix 10 stars!!! This is the best brunch you will ever experience!!! I attended brunch on News Years Day to ring in 2014. Brunch at Lacroix is a special experience reserved for very special occasions. 
The dining room is elegant and quiet. The windows open to Rittenhouse Square with beautiful views of the park. Our server gave us the grand tour of the buffet. The buffet extends into several sections of the restaurant including the kitchen. As we walked past each section, my eyes grew wide with excitement. There were so many options and they all were presented in a creative, and appealing way. 
Once I grabbed my plate I didn't know where to begin. I wanted to try everything, and I pretty much did. I shamelessly filled about 5 plates of food. Each plate was simply amazing. Cold salads, oysters, sushi, duck, lamb, charcuterie, fresh fruit, and the desserts...oh, the desserts. I'm so glad I was wearing a dress with a lot of give, it was all so amazing, I couldn't stop eating. I loved being able to sneak into the kitchen and talk with the chefs. They were all so nice and willing to tell you about the food. It was unlike anything I have ever experienced before.
Splurge. Eat. Indulge. Enjoy. Best Brunch ever!Lacroix is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The foie gras and mushroom soups were a fantastic way to start off the meal. When you make a reservation, ask for a spot by the window for one of the best views of Rittenhouse Square. 
The service at Lacroix is unmatched. From the bus-staff to the waiters, everyone is knowledgable about the dishes and eager to please customers. The wine list is extensive and features some of my favorite reds from South America.
Have been back several times since my first visit and this continues to be one of my favorite restaurants for Brunch and Dinner. The restaurant week menu also looks good but does not show everything that this place has to offer.Maybe one of the fanciest brunch I ever had.  If you live or just stop Philly, you have to try this corner of taste and well merged flavours.  In center city, Rittenhouse square, this is the right place to vent after a busy working week.  The average price is quite expensive, but it is worth every penny spent.  Take a chance and try it! And indulge yourself at the chocolate cascade...AMAZING! Came here for bday brunch and the whole experience surpassed my expectations. 
After my close foodie friend suggested I come here (she knows I love me some good food), I checked out reviews - thanks yelpers, saw pics and made a reservation. Drove from NYC on Sunday and was READY! 
I had a good idea of what I was in for but...until you go, you don't really know. The pics posted are great and appealing but they don't do the food real justice! ..because every single thing we ate was bursting with layers of flavor. The raw seafood bar was also to die for! I also really enjoyed the bloody mary bar (I like extra horse radish and olives)
We had a great table with stellar views of the park, totally made for a relaxing afternoon. The service was also amazing and spot on! Every single detail to folding your napkin as soon as you step away for more food to replacing silverware and glasses.
I'd drive down from NYC just for another meal here (I'm planning it already!)Great food.  Exceptional Service.  Great view of the park at Christmas.  But it's no bargain!!   I'll just try to rationalize it by convincing myself that the overhead is a killer. If you enjoy wine, see if you can get an advance copy of the wine list... you will need at least  3 days to get through it... or you could do what I did and just ask the sommelier to pair it up for you.  You will agree that they've got some terrific sleepers in there.AMAZING service. I highly recommend Chris as your waiter. The hostess Fanisha (SP?) is also incredibly friendly. I came here once, loved it, then came here a second time the next week, and both Chris and Fanisha remembered my name, which I found incredibly impressive. I have been here a total of 3 times and loved it each time. The food and service will BLOW YOUR MIND.
If you're looking to celebrate a special occasion or to impress a certain someone, definitely come here. Don't skimp on the drinks - the cocktails and wines will not disappoint.I went here for lunch yesterday to take advantage of their RW $20 menu. It was worth it. I got their fresh greens salad that has a light vinaigrette dressing that was not over powering or over dressed. I picked their chickpea dish as my entree and it was amazing. Really bright and flavorful, well seasoned, served with baby carrots, toasted almonds and smoked raisin puree. Now I normally hate raisins but this gave a nice balance to the almonds and helped balance the seasoning of the chickpeas themselves. I ate it all and had to restrain myself from licking the plate. Then we were given their trio of desserts. The standouts were the caramel cheesecake and the raspberry tart. Enjoying these little desserts while enjoying a cup of tea and the view of Rittenhouse Park on beautiful day made for a wonderful overall experience. The portions were a great size, not large, but not too small to where you felt hungry or lacking. The service was very friendly and attentive but not pushy, snooty, or oppressive. We did not feel like we were being hustled or were less welcome because we came during RW. This is now on the top of my list of places I will return to and indulge.The olive oil berry tart was delicious! But the avocado salad was only so-so, and was covered in "puffed grains" that looked so much like maggots it was really hard to eat.This is a great place for a breakfast in Rittenhouse Square. I stayed at the Rittenhouse for my birthday and it was truly a delight. For breakfast, I ordered the "The Philadelphian" that consisted of 2 eggs, scrapple, potatoes and wheat toast! This restaurant also has a great view overlooking Rittenhouse Square!Up and down. Nice seat by the window with Rittenhouse Park view. Had to hear about the menu by eavesdropping on the next table, which was seated and received their menus after we did...odd. Menu had changed just the day before we arrived, and the prix-fixe replacement was a price sticker surprise, although at $75 each, not shocking. 
Service was very accommodating (e.g., offered the foie gras seared, if I preferred it prepared that way...twas delicious; sommelier's wine recommendation and general helpfulness were outstanding). 
Chicken was tastier and a better choice than the pork. Peanut souffle dessert was worth the extra cost and wait. Sorbets were one hit (grapefruit) and two misses (cherry cola...think movie theater slushy-type beverage and pineapple coconut...had a canned crushed pineapple taste). 
Is 3 1/2-4 stars for me, but 2 1/2 for my husband because he got sick about 2 hours after the meal. Can't conclusively blame a specific dish, but his octopus is the only thing of his I didn't taste (and I felt fine). Hard not to think this was it since we ate same foods for the previous two days, and his symptoms were classic.
Too bad. We had looked forward to this return visit following an excellent Restaurant Week experience.Everything about Lacroix makes it a top-notch dining experience, probably one of the top 5 we have had since moving to the Philly area six years ago. Service - among the best we have seen. Knowledgeable, gracious and engaging with no attitude of any kind. Wine list - overwhelming. Easily one of the most extensive we've seen. Food - spectacular. We did the 8-course chef's tasting menu with pairings. Admittedly maybe it was a bit much but each and every dish was superbly prepared and presented. Overall we definitely will be going backOne of the best brunches I have ever had. Seriously, delicious!
One thing that made this place unique is the presentation of the dishes, they let you go in the kitchen where they have displayed the entrees and dessert. It was an incredible experience. The service is outstanding and the food is SO yummy! 
A must when you visit Philly.One of the best places I have ever eaten. Took my girlfriend there for Valentines day last year. The food was out of this world but the most impressive thing was the almost mind reading waiter. He literally ONLY came to the table when we actually needed something. I've never seen that before. I was more impressed with that than anything. We'll be going back in the future. Its obviously on the pricey side but if you want to splurge, this is your place. This deserves to be in Phillys top 3, especially above Blackfish. The food between the 2 was almost dead even but the ambiance and service push it WAY over Blackfish.I can't believe I didn't rate my visit here.
I was really looking forward to my meal here but I was sorta let down. I can't even remember what I ordered-it was that uneventful...uhmmm let me think...yeah I can't recall what I ate but was NOT impressed. 
Oh I was served this salad that had strawberries in it (I think)..it would have been better if they added something with KA-runch (walnuts maybe?). 
Water was good. I had this dessert that I think was a tart...not a hit. I won't be back.The food wasn't amazing. Perhaps my expectation was way too high given so many good reviews by people I found to be trustworthy. The food is about 3.5 stars and the service is about 4.5 stars. The portions are pretty big (for a fancy restaurant), so you won't have a problem filling yourself up. Seared foie gras was delicious; the daikon garnish was expertly diced. But the veal chop was somewhat disappointing. It just wasn't that interesting. My wife's fish entree with thai pepper sauce (which the waiter incorrectly called consume) was pretty good. However, her soup was just okay; the lavender flavor was a bit too overwhemling. The dessert (cherry and chocolate) that had liquid-nitro cooled cherry mouse sounded interesting but the execution looked messy.
I came here, expecting to be blown away. What we got instead was a not-so-amazing-but-decent meal with attentive, professional, friendly staff.I went for Brunch two weeks ago and I am still thinking about it. It was probably the best meal I ever had. It is buffet style so your choices are almost endless. Have an open mind, because their are some unique items on the buffet. Also, oysters and sushi might be a little off putting to some as their first meal. There is a reason it's almost completely booked up every Sunday. Incredibly delicious is the only way to describe this gorge-fest.As good as it gets, indeed. I had my wedding reception in the smaller Lily's Cafe section. Entrees, staff, butlered hors d'ouvres were all absolutely perfect. The pastry chef even made our cake from a composite of pictures we sent, and nailed it! Alexandra, the manager with whom we made all of our arrangements in the months leading up to the event, was the most knowledgable and attentive staffer i've ever dealt with. 10 out of 10!Hands down, the best Sunday Buffet Brunch I've ever had!  The items served here are so intricate that you wouldn't believe that they would offer it at a buffet brunch.  I've been to a lot of nice buffets, and I still believe this may be the best!  The whole experience of being able to go into the kitchen to get your food is already worth the price tag of $65.This is for their Sunday brunch.  
We made the reservation over the phone last week (opentable says everything is booked, but when we called, they are still able to accept our reservation)
It is located right across the dog park, and the hostess seated us by the window for a nice view.
There are several food stations in the dining area, the appetizer table has about 20 different dishes; small plates but very well made.  I like various salads and the pork slider.  The raw bar is right beside; I am not a big raw oyster fan, so I only tried some smoked fish and cocktail shrimp, nothing to write home about.  There is also a desert table with about 10-15 selections, all looked very nice and tastes good (only if we are not so full when it's time to try the deserts.).
The hot food section is in the kitchen; there are various meat stations (lamb, scallop sausage, glazed salmon, etc) and about 10 hot dishes like crispy duck (very tasty).  The chocolate fountain and liquid nitrogen station (where they freeze some desert) are also in the kitchen area.  
Over all, the appetizer, the desert are all top notch; the hot food is OK but not great.  The service is very good, all the servers are very attentive and helpful.  Not a brunch I will go every week due to the price, but definitely once in a while.I came here for restaurant week and it was fantastic!! Restaurant week isnt the best time to experience good customer service, but Lacroix was amazing. The waiters were all very very attentive and friendly, and the food was awesome. I'd def go for the sunday brunch some time! 
Did I mention how great the service was again? Some of the best I've ever experienced in philly, to be certain =)Exceptional food, exceptional service! Best restaurant in Philadelphia! Other restaurants just don't compare on service and ambience! I had corn chowder for an appetizer and lamb for the main course. My significant other had branzino (fish) with Israeli cous-cous mixed with small pieces of lobster. Everything was delicious, cooked to perfection and well presented. The servers were extremely professional, helpful and friendly. They do everything they can to make sure you are satisfied. They like to give you little extras too. For instance, the corn chowder came with a delicious spring roll. We didn't have dessert, but our waiter gave us some miniature cookies anyway. Very classy!
As for ambience, it's very upscale, classy and romantic. The restaurant has distinct dining areas, which gives you a sense of intimacy. It's also quiet, unlike some of the other popular Philadelphia restaurants, which are noisy because they have primarily one large open space. 
The setting inside the Rittenhouse Hotel is very nice as well.
I highly recommend LaCroix for any special occasion, a date night or a night out on the town.Had the tasting menu. Main lobster and Foie Gras Terrine are perfect. Very nice service. I will recommend this restaurant to my friends and definitely come back.Incredibly expensive but actually worth it. The food was delicious, the staff was so friendly, and the drinks were great. I went here for brunch with family and I'm saving up to go again. I feel like choosing just one food to talk about is unfair to the others, but a few highlights were the lamb, oysters, crab claws, and duck. About $110 at the end, but so worth it.We did the chef's tasting wine pairing menu and absolutely loved this place. Our servers were great and the food was amazing... We specifically loved the salmon and the truffle gnocchi dish. The wine we both thought was not the very best, but they certainly poured the tasting glasses high - I was pretty much too drunk to enjoy the cheese cart! It was an amazing meal with a great view of Rittenhouse and I would highly recommend. They even gave us print outs tied very nicely of all of our food and wine choices.I went back again for lunch because I loved the Sunday brunch so much. Of course, we were not expecting it to be the same - and it was not. In my previous review, I said the food was about a 3.5* but I gave it a 5 because everything else was crazy good and fun. The food remains at 3.5* (maybe even a 3* - as a previous reviewer mentioned, the lobster roll IS rather shocking) without the latter half (although I did enjoy the Pork Belly!). Service was still very attentive, albeit impersonal. Still, I loved the view by the window and the general feel of the place was still great and comfortable. I did enjoy my meal there a lot, but it left me feeling a tad "that's it?" and wishing there was more.For $25 per person the buffet is a bit pricey (though cheaper than the prix fixed $75 option). I didn't find the buffet worth the price. There weren't a ton of options - scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, bagels, fruit, boiled eggs, smoked salmon and slices of cucumber, red onion, and tomato. Honestly I didn't find it worth the price. The food quality was a 2 or 3. The smoked salmon was warm, as if it maybe had been sitting out too long. The eggs were too hard boiled. The mixed berries were my favorite. They were fresh and flavorful.
The staff is attentive and friendly though!Great restaurant!
 We would have never thought to go to a restaurant inside of a hotel but received a gift card so went to check it out on Saturday night.  Everyone that works there is absolutely amazing, the service is wonderful.  
I ordered the tilefish and my boyfriend had the ribeye.  Both were absolutely wonderful.  They have an extensive wine list, so you'll definitely be able to find a great bottle for you.  The presentation of the dishes was lovely as well.  For dessert we had "chocolate" - chocolate cake, chocolate mousse and frozen chocolate milk which was a great size portion to share (and was also delicious and well presented!). 
 We absolutely loved it.  It's pricey so I'd recommend for a special occasion but it's a must try!I went to Lacroix for Valentines Day brunch yesterday and the food was delicious! My favorite dishes were the pork belly sliders and brussel sprouts but the desserts were definitely the best part! They even had a chocolate fondue fountain and homemade ice cream. Despite how great the food was I don't think it was worth paying $100 per person for.It was good. I had a duck sandwich which I thought was interesting. The truffle fries were delicious but then the cole slaw was kind of off. Very good service and a good atmosphere. It is a night spot. I'd go back.
Oh - and the chocolates are great!Recently dined here for my husbands birthday and we both enjoyed the food. Lacroix reminded us a similar experience we had at alinea in Chicago. Small portions tasting menu but we didn't leave hungry. From the food to the presentation to the service...there's nothing to complain about.I came here for brunch with my girlfriend, and it was by far the best dining experience I've ever had.
First off was the wait staff. Once we were seated, our waiter quickly introduced himself, and then took us on a tour of the restaurant. He gave detailed descriptions of all of the food being offered in each area and was more than happy to answer questions if we had any. After we got our food, he then made sure that our drink cups were always full, and that if we left our table to get more food, that our old plates would be taken away.
Secondly, just the quality and amount of food was amazing! From raw fish, to mini burgers, to sausage, to dessert, the restaurant had pretty much everything. And it all tasted amazing. The only thing that stopped me from getting more food was my full stomach.
I would definitely come back again - the combination of amazing food, great wait staff, and beautiful decor made it a memorable dining experience.Last year, to celebrate our 27th anniversary, my husband surprised me by arranging for a very special dinner at LaCroix.  While the restaurant itself is probably the finest in the city, "just" dinner wasn't good enough for my Mister.  Instead, he arranged for us and our two best friends to have a private dinner at the chef's table.  At LaCroix, that means dinner in the middle of the kitchen, surrounded by all the activity you would expect in a 5 star restaurant, without any of the histrionics you see on reality TV shows - there was no yelling, no drama - just a team of professionals engaged in a choreography as precise as any ballet.  We were greeted as friends and presented with autographed copies of the menu which had been prepared just for us.  After assorted canapes, including lobster custard, the first course was hamachi with muscat grape, asian pear and shiso.  Wine pairings were raised to a whole new level, as my love for champagne was transformed - a different sparkling wine for each course, starting with a Segura Viduas Brut Rose and ending with a Brachetto D'Acqui Marenco.  Smoked salmon with buttermilk, dill and caviar  was followed by an apple chowder with flecks of blood sausage (which I did not know I liked until I had it). Next we had mussels with baby sweet potato, pickled onion and avocado, lobster with golden beet, sea urchin and rosemary, seared foie gras with red currant, heritage turkey with quince, swiss chard and walnut, and lamb with English pea and tomato.  Desserts included parsnip cake with crème fraiche mousse, breton crumble and pear sorbet, plus chocolate cake with almond meringue, pear and caramella ice cream...and a box of truffles for each of us to take home, just because.  Somewhere in the middle of the 10 course extravaganza, the wine and the fun had us all a little on the warm side, so our hosts invited us to do what they do  - step into the walk in cooler to chill a bit, resulting in a selfie for the ages.  Each course was perfection on a plate; just when we thought it could not get any better, it did.  Just as wonderful as the food was the service, which was personal and not at all pretentious. It was as if we had been invited to a friend's house for dinner and he just happened to be Executive Chef Jon Cinchon.  For years I thought the best meal I would ever have was the one at the French Laundry back in 2000, but this experience was even better.Loved the atmosphere. My friends and I were having afternoon tea there. The music and window view is calm and peaceful. I love the hidden garden inside. It's good for couples. Friends and family.My boyfriend and I had Sunday brunch there today for his birthday. We were so excited walking through the restaurant as we were seated, because we walked by all the appetizers and it was already overwhelming! The service was great, attentive but not intrusive, and we never felt rushed even though we were there for like 3 hours.
There were a LOT of choices for us to choose from, and I think boyfriend said he was able to fit in 2 plates of cold appetizers, 3-4 plates of hot foods (in the kitchen, which we got to see which was cool), and countless plates of desserts. We were both really full before having tried everything, but I think we had everything we really wanted to try. I love that the portions are small enough that you can have little tastes of everything you're intrigued with. Half the appetizers were the unconventional experimental types, like foie gras in malted milk crisp... which were cool to try but often not my favorite.
My favorites were the duckling croissants (and the chocolate croissant too!), grapefruit soda (we had a dozen of these little shots), grilled crab pizza, salmon, pork belly (ugh so fatty so decadent), duck confit (so tender), and chicken thighs. Also, boyf said the applewood smoked bacon was the best bacon he'd ever tasted.
There were a bunch of desserts and it was pretty hit-or-miss for me, but their chocolate earl grey ice cream was great, as were the banana chocolate trifle, pear brioche, and almond profiterole!
It was a great experience and definitely something fun to try for a special occasion. You'll definitely find something you love. I wish they had more vegetables though.. and the sushi rice was hard. Haha that's all.Honestly it was the greatest meal experience I've ever had. The service was outstanding. I really can't say enough good things about the staff there. The food was incredible. We had the tasting menu and every course somehow topped the last. A couple of surprises from the chef along the way were amazing as well. I had no idea a Chestnut custard with truffle syrup could be one of the most delectable things I've ever tasted. It was so good that I wished it came with a mini spatula so I could get every last bit. Lacroix was a true treat. I'm so happy we found it.I did a Thanksgiving dinner here. It was fabulous. Quite the experience. You went into the kitchen and did it buffet style . Amazing food, service, atmosphere.You get what you pay for when you go to LaCroix for its Sunday brunch -- and that is a good thing.  Their brunch is served in an elegant, buffet style, with various 'stations' set up (raw bar, hors d'oeuvres, dessert, etc.), which have enough items to entice you for hours after you've ordered a mimosa to start.  But save some space to venture into the kitchen, where the Lacroix brunch experience truly begins with various entrees (from breakfast delicacies like perfect french toast and pancakes to heavier wonders like short ribs, pork belly, and lamb).  Finish your LaCroix tour at the dessert station, where it becomes truly difficult to gauge how much more you can eat.  
Bottom line:  although not everything is perfect at all times, the wide selection of tasty options means you can always find enough to satisfy and leave you wondering if you need to have dinner.  A great place for Mother's/Father's Day, graduation lunches and other special occasions.  
The private dining rooms are exceptional -- well decorated and relaxing atmosphere with impeccable service, perfect for a small gathering.  The only complaint would be the fact that they renovated a part of the original seating to a bar area, so if you're stopping by for lunch (instead of brunch), make sure you get a reservation because the bistro seating by the bar can be a tad tight.
-pinkposyLet me start off by saying that this was easily the best experience at a restaurant that I have ever experienced.
We both got the $35 3-course stimulus menu option. We went on a Sunday night so all wines they offer were 50% off as well. Can you beat that?
The Somalie was perfect. We both didn't know too much about wine and kind of gave him something along the lines of what we were looking for. He pointed out a fantastic German wine from South Africa that was to die for. Absolutely incredible. For $25 after the discount! Unbelievable.
Now to the stimulus dinner. There were a couple appetizer options, 3 entrée options, and 2 dessert options. We both passed on the house salad and got the cured fluke for an appetizer. I have never had fluke before and saw it was prepared with beets, coconut, grapefruit, I was just a little weary at first. It was incredible. The flavours together were perfect, props to the Chef on every behalf here.
I got the roasted chicken thigh, with black beans, corn, radishes, and a parmigiana foam. It was the best dinner I have ever had anywhere. The chicken was completely tender, and the flavours of the corn and black beans were incredible. I don't know what they did to the radishes but it was delicious, and the parmigiana foam was nothing but unique.
My girlfriend got the scallop, with sausage, and scallop raviolis. You could possibly say that the flavour was a little too much? But it was delicious none the less. Perfectly cooked scallop and it also came with pieces of artichokes that were perfectly seasoned and tender. Incredible.
For desert she got a soufflé with lemon sorbet and an assortment of fresh berries. I ordered the "chocolate and cherries", which was pretty much just that. Mini brownies, fresh cherries, coconut sorbet, drizzled in sweet chocolate sauce. Both were absolutely amazing. 
The service was impeccable. My wine glass was never even low, same with water. Food came out fast, hot, and fresh. We were there no longer than about 1.5 hours for all of this. Chef sent out a watermelon purée with blue crab to wet our palettes before dinner, as well as an assortment of hand made chocolates with the check, AND a home-made blueberry pastry to take home.
There is nothing bad I can say about this restaurant. The ONLY critique would be that it was freezing in there, but this could also be a plus, it was an extremely hot day out. Servers were very friendly, and very helpful. A wonderful experience.
Would go back any time.Killer views and service. Felt like I was Donald Trump (without the hair). We ate there for lunch on a Saturday and had fantastic hamachi, octopus, and perfectly cooked scallops. I would get these again in a heartbeat. The brisket sandwich with fries was a disappointment, however. The meat was very fatty and I wonder why they would let this mistake escape them because they seem to be so on top of things. The desserts were also very good, and I would suggest trying the large assortment.If you have the money to spend then La Croix is ABSOLUTELY worth it. I went last year for Valentines Day and it was an experience to say the least. The ambience, service, food, and drinks were PHENOMENAL. i was especially impressed with the sommelier. He spent time with us going thru the menu and it was evident that he really took pride in his position. his recommendations were superb and complimented the tasting menu very well. i wish i could remember the number of courses or even what they all were sooo much but there was excellent fish and foie gras and dont even get me started on the desert tastings... 3 courses just desert, white, milk and dark chocolate!! it was heaven :) 
buon appetito! :)I was here for lunch restaurant week..wanted to make it in for a while.
I was actually pretty disappointed.. I thought the service was very good, the cocktail I had was great, but the food was just okay. I wasn't impressed, and I left hungry.. And I'm tiny, not a big eater at alll.
I had the blackberry bourbon, almost as expensive as my restaurant week meal but that's expected. It was delicious.
For first course I had the sweet corn velouté, this was probably the best part of the meal. The second course barramundi was kind of bland... The cauliflower served with it was over cooked, also bland. The deserts were okay... But again nothing really exciting.
The atmosphe was quiet, end of lunch. Nice view, lots of light from the windows. I wouldn't return here for any reason or recommend it to anyone. There wasn't anything special about this experience, unfortunatelyWhat other high-end restaurant has humility and respect for its customers to allow a wide-eyed 14-year-old girl in the back of the kitchen to meet to head chef? Lacroix may present an upscale and snoody facade. Yet, deep down, their dishes are ambitious but familiar, the wait staff is expertly trained but relatable, and their restaurant is humble masterpiece.Excellent !! Amazing place. Service stupendous. Had New Zealand lamb! Lacroix: An acclaimed AAA Four Diamond Award restaurant, serving breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner made from the very best locally sourced & seasonally superb ingredients. Wonderful.Ok why isn't everyone going here? Maybe because like me, you are thinking a great restaurant at the Rittenhouse is going to be fancy and stuffy and I'm looking at you Le Bec Fin..., yes... kind of boring. 
This was the most laid back, fun and romantic brunch in the city. The staff was fun and friendly and we spent the afternoon there with no sense of being rushed, in fact I felt bad we we finally left that we were letting them down. We were seated at a great table with a view of the park. It made me wish C and I weren't married, just so I could propose to her again.
The brunch is buffet style, but this is not "old country" - the food is straight out of Iron Chef. I started with some delicious hors devours  of quail egg, escargot and an octopus and melon cocktail. The raw bar is great and there are delicious oysters (nice for your romantic arsenal).
The main courses are served from the kitchen, which really helps to break that formality down. There are insane choices, I can't remember all the entrees, but the my two favorite items were the bruschetta with lobster hollandaise and heirloom tomatoes, and the scallop sausage.
While in the kitchen we met the chef, sous chef and some of the other cooks. They were chill and very fun to get to know. I do like to get to know who are cooking and let them know how much I appreciate there hard work.
Then the desserts... oh man. I usually go more for the savory, but the subtleness of the choice challenged and thrilled my taste buds. My favorites were the rice pudding, orange creme d'pot and chocolate basil dish. I had to check myself as not to just take a running dive in the chocolate fountain. Oh yeah, I said chocolate fountain.
We really felt like were left all our hassles and day to day concerns behind and could spend time enjoying each other. When you need a special place to be with people you love, or even like a lot, go to Lacroix and let them indulge you.I would have to disagree with a prior review re: quality of food. I think their food quality is excellent and the last few times I have been there, it was no different. The one thing keeping me from giving this a solid five stars is the new menu. 
So back in the day when Le-Bec-Fin and Lacroix were the venerable granddaddy institutions of fine dining in the city, the menus were varied and innovative. The multicourse tasting menus were what kept me and others coming back. Not to mention the formidable cheese trolley. Sadly those days are gone. With Le-Bec-Fin laid to rest, Lacroix was the lone stalwart of old school french gourmet in the city. At least you still had a reasonable tasting menu. 
I went there the first night of the new menu. I didnt like it. Food was fine, but I thought rather pedestrian for this type of restaurant. The visit before last, we had quite possibly the BEST tasting menu at LaCroix, including A5 Japanese beef. That will always be a memorable meal for me. 
I think LaCroix has abandoned its heritage and now is becoming more like its other restaurant neighbors in the city. Jackets are not required. You can show up in jeans and sneakers. The customer base that used to enjoy dressing up and having a grand multicourse dinner is rapidly fading. Im guessing that is why they changed the menu. Sad.
NOTE: The one thing that was always consistent at LaCroix was the excellent service. For this, I would give five stars hands down.As a college student on a budget, it's not too often I'll frequent a place like Lacroix. My friends and I decided to take advantage of Restaurant Week and visit a place we'd not be able to afford otherwise. I must admit that we'd originally aimed for Le Bec FIn, and Lacroix was our fall back plan when we couldn't get a reservation there. Yet for a Plan B, Lacroix didn't fail to stun. It's one of the few places where it's definitely worth the $35 flat rate. 
Thanks to it's name and website, we were under the impression that Lacroix was a French restaurant. I looked forward to upscale French cuisine, and was slightly disappointed to discover that it's more of an Asian-French-American fusion type menu (at least the restaurant week menu). That being said, I'd be a liar if I said it wasn't a great dining experience despite not being purely French. 
For the first dish, we were able to choose between a pumpkin soup and a salad with lots of ingredients I'd never heard of. In fact, that pretty much sums up the menu-- lots of things I'd never heard of. Thankfully, one friend had traveled extensively and was able to describe most of the foreign foods. 
Anyway, the salad was great. A mix of different types of lettuce, tangy dressing, bread chunks (not croutons though!), and cheeses made it a refreshing start to my meal. 
Next came the main dish, a monkfish-tower-thing with a red wine/beet sauce (I think?). It was one of those classic plates with a little tiny entree in the middle, that somehow always makes you really full despite its size. The server who brought it out describe all its ingredients when setting it down, and then poured the sauce around the plate. Awesome presentation. The taste was exquisite, especially the fish. Being a huge fan of fresh fish, I was a little skeptical about fish being prepared in such a fancy way, but was amazed at how delicious it was. I didn't particularly like the crunchy texture of the polenta on the bottom, but overall, a great dish.
Last came dessert, which was a "hot chocolate soup" that was just as delicious as it sounds. Beautifully prepared in a round white bowl, it was European style hot chocolate, chocolate gelato, cookies, and chocolate bark. While usually I'm not much of a dessert person, it was easily my favorite part of the meal. Definitely order this if you go.
The atmosphere of the place is elegant without being too pretentious. The decor has a glow-y, golden black feel, and the view of Rittenhouse really completes your experience. Try to request a table with a view. 
As for the service, the runners who brought out the plates are great. They really explain every detail of this dish before you eat it. The server who took our order could've been better though. He seemed uncomfortable (maybe because he was serving 5 pretty college girls?) and stuttered a bit when taking our order. In any other establishment I wouldn't care about this, but Lacroix really tries to put on a classy show, and the server just didn't fit in. 
Overall, I had a great experience at Lacroix. I'm not sure I'll be going back any time soon (at least until I have a steady income), but it's definitely worth the hype.We ate an amazing brunch for our anniversary stay at the hotel. It was the perfect end to our little weekend away. The brunch is the very best I have ever had! The service and experience working our way through the kitchen was wonderful. The food made me giddy and a little overwhelmed by its thoughtful preparation and beauty. I can't wait for another reason to go back.Beautiful restaurant.
Over the top food.
Top notch service.
A bit of a stuffy feel (that is to be expected).
Expensive, but well worth it.
Perfect for a special occasion.we walked to the Lacroix, it was a mild winter night, we got a warm greeting from he maiter'd, the room is classy modern the food is nothing short of spectacular to the palate and to the eyes as well, service impeccable, defiantly a special occasion kinda of place, thank you for a memorable evening.Impress your date with $100 brunch. Go walk around the city feeling beyond satisfied with a nice buzz for your frivolous shopping spree around Rittenhouse. Flawless service and perfect menu. Lacroix is simply the best.Fancy. As it should be a restaurant of this profile. High class, high end feel and service. 
Chef was willing to play around and prepare a special dish for us: Vegetarian and Gluten Free. I always appreciate the willingness of a chef to make something challenging like that on a spot as well as the element of surprise that comes with it. 
The ambiance is rather quite and the room wasn't packed. Made us feel more private, not rushed and let us enjoy the food slowly (something so difficult to do nowadays....).
Expect to pay the right price for the right service here ;) All in all, you're in the Rittenhouse Square (center of the city) in a fancy hotel.I always take my friends out to this restaurant whenever my friends visit me. 
It's really beautiful inside and it's quiet so that I can talk to friends. 
If you have a first date, take a woman out to here. They will love it. 
pros
- Awesome service. 
- Quiet and nice environment
- Great location
- Variety of wine collections
cons
- Food is good but it won't surprise you too much. I would love to go back and try the sunday brunch since I see a lot of reviews on them. I had only been here during lunch and dinner.A few years ago, if you'd have told me I would be sitting in Lacroix for brunch , as the guest of someone from the Rittenhouse Hotel, I would have said, " What is Lacroix"?" followed by " What is "brunch"?"
Yet here I was, on this blustery fall afternoon, sitting amongst the who's who of the Philly socialite scene. Don't ask me how I swung it because even I don't know. I give most of the credit to Yelp, for getting me in with the right people. 
First off, the Rittenhouse is a beautiful yet accessible space, in the heart of Center City, which overlooks the amazing Rittenhouse park. On your way up to Lacroix ( on the 2nd floor) , be sure to check out the tearoom and the atrium, as they are worth the diversion.
I entered Lacroix, and was greeted by a staff that was very friendly and welcoming. Based on movies and TV, one sometimes expects the staff at such places to turn their noses up at common folk , but the faces that greeted me at the enterance were of real people and they treated me not only well but like I belonged, which eased the anxiety of the moment. People often brush off the importance of the hosts, but first impressions can be important and Lacroix nailed it for me.
I passed some buffet tables on my way to my table and my food anxiety began to creep in. There was the initial disappointment of them not having my usual "brunch" of a tube of Pringles and Dr Pepper. Once words like Foie Gras and caviar start getting thrown around, I get nervous that I may starve.
I can assure all regular Joes reading this, that while the offerings were fancier than your average breakfast buffet, they were delicious and plentiful. I was a little concerned that I didn't see any meat but I dug into the appetizers and salads and it was a great start to the meal. 
I was soon informed that the "meat" of the buffet, was located in the kitchen. Having worked in the restaraunt business for years, I think if I was part of the staff, I would hate that patrons were allowed in the back of the house, to wander around and cause general unrest. This was evidenced by the fact that, during our leisurely stay at Lacroix, 2 senior citizens took separate trips to the ground on their way into and out of the kitchen. 
Old people+buffets+steps= comedy..uh..I mean trouble and I will make sure to get a table by the steps, for the show, if I ever return.
That being said, the staff in the kitchen were more than friendly and gracious. That would have been hard for me but they seemed genuinely happy to have us back there.
I'll not list all the food I piled on to my plate and devoured only to say that it was all fantastic and prepared superbly. I would like to mention the desserts, which included chocolate and caramel fountains and what was probably the highlight of the brunch, the liquid nitrogen station.
It was hard to wrap my head around the concept before I actually saw it. Basically, they have a vat of liquid nitrogen, which employs sub zero tempature to flash freeze your food. The very knowledgable attendant took a dollop of a foamy, mousse-like dessert and dropped it into the vat. She turned it once or twice and put it on a plate. The result was a confection with a hard ice-cream like shell, with the soft mousse on the inside. It was pretty cool ( literally) and very tasty.
I also don't want to forget the server and buss staff, who did their jobs to perfection, which is to say, I barely knew they were there. The server was there when we needed him and anticipated our needs without being intrusive and our waters were always miraculously filled and whenever I returned from getting more food, my napkin was fresh and refolded and the remnants of my previous round were stricken from the table. Very impressive.
*Things I learned to pronounce during my stay at Lacroix.
 - mimosa
 - Lacroix ( La cwa)
 - brunch ( I thought the B was silent!)
So I sat with my amazing friends and enjoyed the view of the park, the food was great, the company was better, conversation engaging, belly full and once again, I reflected on how lucky and grateful I was to experience Brunch at Lacroix. Special thanks to my Southern tier sister Lexi, for having me and making the experience even more special. I recommend people of.all walks of life to experience Lacroix at least once in their lives. It's as good as Philly gets. 
Just one suggestion, Lacroix....pringles and Dr Pepper. The other white meat.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, bar none.
I've eaten at almost all of the highly rated, high-end Philly spots - The Fountain, Vetri, etc. and I would put this up against any of them.
Incredible creativity in the dishes and unique flavor combinations combined with impeccable and friendly service.
I recommend doing the tasting menu, it is very reasonably priced for a high-end place at $75 and you get the best of what the chefs have to offer.  They also have the best brunch in Philly, although it is quite a pricey brunch and the food quality is a step down from the dinner service.
This is NOT traditional French cuisine...if all you want is cuts of meat in red wine reductions, go to The Fountain instead.  But if you are a true foodie and want creative flair like peach sorbet with foie gras shavings or pineapple soup, this is the spot for you.I came here with my family last night because my little sister was visiting from out of town. It was my first time there and definitely not the last. The service was amazing, Michael was super attentive and fun. He explained everything that came out in great detail and gave an amazing wine recommendation. We ordered the chef's tasting menu and it was phenomenal. We had over 10+ courses, every dish that came out was better than the last. Two favorites of ours was the lobster and also the venison. I will definitely be back again!This was by far one of the best brunch experiences I have ever had! 
It was the morning after our wedding and was fabulous! Our waiter Mark was one of the most accommodating and professional waiters I can remember ever having in a restaurant in a long time. Intelligent and sweet.
 We mentioned in our reservation, that we had gotten married the night before, asked for a great table, and that is what we got. Along with a little blue tiffany inspired cake saying congratulations! 
Food is fabulous and along with the unrushed atmosphere and excellent service, I would recommend you not miss this experience a few times a year!Would you like to experience fine dinning with a beautiful view of Rittenhouse square? Go here. This is was so far the best place I have gone to for a special night. I have no complaints. I had the tasting menu which is the best way to experience a restaurants food and indulge yourself. Paired it with the wine tasting menu which was impressive as well but too much for me. I had to start passing on some of my glasses in fear of becoming too drunk. The staff was perfectly behaved which they should be in a place like this. Stopping in for a cocktail another night and was a delightful experience too. The bar is cozy and quiet but not too quiet.Somehow I missed writing a review of Lacroix...craziness!
My husband took me to Lacroix for my 30th birthday.  Everything was perfect, from the moment that we pulled into the valet stand until we were back on the road toward home.  Our waiter was truly above & beyond, making sure that I was able to enjoy all 4 courses without any worry about my food allergies.  I had a wonderful chilled carrot soup, followed by haddock with an oxtail dumpling.  Then a main course of Berkshire pork loin, and a great dessert of chocolate panna cotta with little donut holes.  And, of course, they couldn't let my 30th birthday go without a little pomp, so out came a petit four shaped like a Tiffany's box.  The wine pairings were fantastic, and while it's most likely the most expensive meal the two of us have ever ordered, it was worth every penny.
Now I have the traditional Lacroix Sunday brunch in my sights...Last few experiences here have been so disappointing and so is it safe to assume that it's because their executive chef has moved on to greener pastures at his new venture, Adsum (http://www.yelp.com/biz/adsum-restaurant-philadelphia) in Coquette's former digs? 
Their kitchen is clearly struggling in his absence.  Regardless, the last few meals have been such a letdown, lacking the complexity, panache and usual refinement of lunches and suppers past. 
Ante up Lacroix, revise your menu, flesh it out and get some life in that kitchen, otherwise I'll be leaving you and following the brilliance of Matt Levin, especially since he'll be serving Fois Gras Poutine (be still my beating heart!!!) at his new spot.What can be said about this truly spectacular brunch that hasn't already been written about here ad nauseam?  It's the best $69 spent on a Sunday morning maybe ever.  The bacon alone is worth nearly that much, it's so unbelievably good. 
The restaurant is located on the second floor of the hotel.  Upon being seated, our drink order was taken (about $10 for a mimosa or one of their other specialty bubbly cocktails - highly recommend the Scottish Rose, and the Spring Garden was sweeter but also good), and our waiter proceeded to give us  a tour of the food stations.  Appetizers and raw bar first, then the kitchen where the hot main courses are displayed (including meats and cheeses), and finally the mini desserts and chocolate fountains.  
For the next 90 minutes, we gorged ourselves on all of the delicious options.  Standards like eggs and waffles and fried potatoes, and outside-the-box treats like 4 types of caviar, 2 types of oysters (1 from each coast), carving stations that included lamb and duck, and quail egg shooters in broth.  Everyone working here, from the hosts and waiters to the cooks and bussers, operated with professional attitudes, genuine kindness, and the utmost attention - we felt extremely taken care of.
It won't become my Sunday standard anytime soon because of the prohibitive cost, but I think it's definitely fairly priced for the quality of food and service you receive, and it's certainly a fun indulgence for a special occasion or a great way to impress someone special.Looking for a buffet which is not only unique and good food, you found the place. The portions were in single size and it looks appetizing and not like someone has gone through the whole plate.  The single portions allow you to try everything which is great. Although pricey it is worth the price and the service and staff were great, open kitchen buffet is definitely something to check out.Full review in the Blog. 
plenty of time to get to my plane I just couldn't justify making reservations for one at Lacroix's luxurious Sunday Brunch. Try as I might I've never been enamored by buffets and relying on public transport to get me to the airport I simply couldn't go against my instincts.   With that fact noted, however, I had heard some fantastic things about new Chef Jason Cichonski's menu approach and I given the setting and menu I knew I owed it to myself to give Lacroix a try-with dinner's already booked I figured a lunch would suffice.
Arriving at Rittenhouse Square dressed casually around 11:15 and making my way into the lavish hotel I was treated as a valued guest - doors held, all "sir, please, and thank you,"  a liaison even offering to walk me to the restaurant.  Chatting as we walked up a single flight of stairs I was told a little bit about the hotel and restaurant and assured it was "one of the best in town."  Arriving at the entrance to Lacroix I was introduced to the Maitre D' and led to a lovely table along the lower rim of the dining area.  Floor to ceiling windows, marble pillars, white tablecloths and plush velvet chairs I was next presented with a menu and asked if I'd like the drapes up or down - opting for up the room was flooded with fresh sunshine and water was filled.
Greeted next by my server, a pleasant young man with great knowledge of the cuisine and the local area, I was told lunch was just starting while breakfast was just ending and I was asked which menu I wanted to see.  Jokingly I stated "how about both - and dinner too..." little did I know he would say "certainly" and return with all three menus in a matter of minutes.  Making sure that all three menus could be prepared I received an "absolutely" and was left to decide as if this request was somehow normal or expected.  Thrilled I took to browsing the options and identified no less than 10 things that sounded wonderful.
Arriving first amongst my ordered courses would be a dish my waiter described as "The best Foie Gras I've ever had."  While I can't say I felt quite so strongly, Foie Gras Torchon with Warm Banana Bread, Shaved Carrot Salad, Peanuts did deliver a fantastic impact for its $14 price tag.  A ~3oz torchon, thick and unctuous (as opposed to airy and creamy like that of Keller) served atop piping hot moist banana bread the liver literally melted in the mouth.  Adding texture would be a lightly vinegar seasoned salad of carrots and spiced peanuts - the whole dish worked very nicely and had a pleasant degree of East meets West that seemed to highlight much of Cichonski's repertoire.
My main course, ordered from the dinner menu, would be Hudson Valley Duck Pastrami with Swiss Chard and Grilled Brulee Peaches.  Ample in portion and rippled with a gratuitous layer of fat and crispy skin the flavor of the bird itself was superb.  Not overly salted but instead accented with hints of paprika, coriander, sugar, and garlic the "pastrami" influence was certainly notable and an excellent juxtaposition to the acidity of the lightly seasoned salad and grilled peach with a crackling layer of sugar.  My reigning favorite form of protein the duck was exemplary - on par with the best I've had.
Having heard that Lacroix makes an excellent soufflé from a local Philadelphia epicure I inquired about it when I was originally offered the various menus.  Given the time it takes to prepare a proper soufflé my waiter had to inquire with the kitchen - thankfully they said it would be no problem and they'd start it early so as not to delay my departure for the game.  Described as an "Angel Souffle" and adorned with swirls of silver and gold the dish would arrive piping hot and standing tall and proud.  A Peppermint Dark Chocolate Souffle with Coconut Anglaise and milk chocolate tapioca I first pierced the cloud of chocolate and was met by a gush of aromatic chocolate.  Taking a bite the hints of mint were appreciable but not overwhelming as the creamy dish melted in the mouth.  Adding the shot glass of Coconut Anglaise and creamy chocolate tapioca I was delighted as the soufflé remained standing tall - no deflation at all and maintaining its composure throughout consumption.
With my meal completed and plenty of time to catch the SEPTA to the stadium I sat and chatted with my server for a while about the Rittenhouse area and my other dining plans for the trip - a Philadelphia native he was friendly and informative despite his young age.  Declining coffee I was brought the bill along with a plate of candied orange peel, dried cranberries, and candied almonds as well as a box of two house-made chocolates that I would save for the game - chocolate ganache and caramel, both attractive and tasty.
A beautiful setting, fantastic food, and friendly professional service is something that all restaurants should aspire to - and something that LaCroix pulls off seemingly effortlessly.  Next time I'm getting brunch!La Croix has become my spot for lunch ever since Smith & Wollensky's closed. I always go for the French Onion Soup and the Filet. The staff has always been very helpful and kind, especially our server Jorge. Definitely a gorgeous place with a nice view of the square.I came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. I ordered the Black Angus Smoked Bacon Burger with truffle fries. When I lifted the burger to my face, there was a charred smell which I assumed was coming from the bacon. Upon biting into it, I discovered that the entire bun had actually been burnt on the sides sandwiching the burger and stuff. The bacon was not to blame but was also not very pleasant to eat as they were thick and chewy cuts. The burger patty itself was fine but nothing to write home about. And at $24 for a burger, I certainly hope to write home about it! I am much less lenient with mistakes like this when I am shelling out good money for my meal. A burnt bun is acceptable at a Five Guys...and even then, I wouldn't be thrilled.I see the service and food quality slipping in this once very nice restaurant.  Small details forgotten over and over again. No glasses, water, no napkins, silverware. Very poor in the etiquette department. A very sub-par food experience as well. Overpriced and a disappointment that the restaurant has gone in this direction.I have officially recovered from my food coma 19 hours later. This is not a meal for the faint at eating.
Lacroix for brunch was recommended a few months back we were told how great it was though it carried a hefty price tag ,$59.00 per person might seem like a lot but it is worth every penny.
We decided it was worth a chance and started a Lacroix fund -literally a change jar on the bedroom dresser where loose change would go. 3 months later with reservations made and expectations of fabulousness in the air we made the trip and were not disappointed.
Lacroix was like entering a magical place with all your favorite things (similar to my crush on candy land when I was 4).
Located on the 2nd floor of the Rittenhouse Hotel, the view is pretty scenic for anyone sitting down enjoying all of the fabulous things. Our server Chelsea was super friendly and very welcoming. Sometimes we've experienced snotty attitudes from servers while dining in Rittenhouse; not today!! She explained the menu to us and offered beverages. The brunch is broken down into categories; H'orderves /Raw Bar /SALADS, The hot station and deserts. I don't want to ruin it from everyone so ill just list our favorites from each group.
Salad-Pineapple w/ hearts of palm, though im usually not a fan of hearts of palm this salad was fresh and flavorful. The different textures work well together and the dressing its tossed is plays off of the sweetness of the pineapple, very good.
Raw Bar-Jumbo Shrimp cocktail and sushi sign me up I also sampled some of the smoked mackerel.
H'orderves-Olive shortbread with meyer lemon frosting! This was incredible tart olives with buttery shortbread and the sweet frosting was perfectly matched. The beignets were also to die they were fluffy and sweet and came along side apricot frosting DAMN!
Hot Bar-My brunch companion ate a small lamb (the rack is cooked perfectly I'm quoting him) we both enjoyed the mini mc muffins with cantal cheese and caramelized onions, gnocchi's with escargot, diver scallop sausage.
Dessert- tiramisu, dulce de leche cheesecake, sticky buns, chochlate fountain and RICE KRISPIE TREATS
 A few notes
Small portions are recommended so you have room to taste everything and enjoy it, if you really like something you can always go back.
All the wines are 50% off Sundays and Mondays (this includes champagne/sparkling wines)
Don't plan on doing anything for at least 3 hours after you leave 
Please do yourself a favor and go you wont regret it.By some silly awesome turn of events, I managed to go to Lacroix three times in one week, and I think it's safe to say that I consumed at least a wheel of cheese at each sitting. 
Let's start with the cheese plate. They do a very very very good job of putting together an assortment of cheeses, both local and imported, laid with walnuts and apples and really cool delicacies, i.e., picked figs. I've been serenaded with the heavenly cheese cart at Le Bec Fin, and while the ceremony and process really can't compare to the average 400$ per person meal at Le Bec Fin, the quality of the cheese is highly conferable. 
The two times I've been here for dinner, I've had the arancini balls and the pork belly - arancini balls, i've definitely had better at...ahem...Pietro's...but the pork belly is to die for. Succulent and smoky, roasted to perfection, presented with both the creamy fat layer and the tangy, slightly chewy meat layer, it descends from the heavens. 
BUT the chicken caesar salad is the creme de la creme of this gastronomical food paradise. Yes, I too, rolled my eyes at the "fancification" of chicken caesar salad, but having precluded both the burger and the agnolotti option from the 3-course lunch menu, I was left with no choice...which turned out to be the best choice. 
Oh BOY. Where do I start....the caesar comes marching in, hearts of romaine sprinkled with saucy grapes and a sheet of sharp cheese that crumbles into crispy, crunchy, yet savory chunks of sprinkling on the salad. BUT the gastronomic orgasm doesn't start until the chicken. The chicken, this divine piece of poultry, is roasted to perfection. It is succulent and juicy and extremely light on the inside, and brown-gold on the outside. It might be the most perfect piece of chicken I have ever ever EVER tasted, and there's none of that stringy, styrofoam-y, i'm-chewing-on-a-piece-of-horsehide chicken breast shit that goes on in most salads. 
Is it pricey? Yes. Is it worth the money? HELLS YEAH, that chicken pays for itself. If you find yourself shivering in the cold in the line into parc, while wannabe trophy wives and super skinny socialites teeter iin for their standard mimosa and xanax brunch fare, turn around, and get thee to Lacroix. The food will hug you and kiss you and make you do somersaults.As one of the two foodie gems of the Rittenhouse Hotel (the other being Smith and Wollensky), Lacroix nests itself cozily on the second floor. We came here expecting a classy and dainty little Saturday lunch, and needless to say those expectations were met. Our table opted for the $24 fixed menu lunch, which has a small plate, a large plate, and a dessert selection. 
The small plates were carrot soup and organic mixed greens salad. Both were sampled at our table, and both were delicious. The carrot soup is a tease in itself as you are first presented with just a plate with a small one inch patch of sunflower seed medley, but then your waiter will pour the steaming soup into the plate in front of you. The salad was also delicious with just the right combination of taste and texture.
The large plates were the subject of a bit of contention. Two of us got the leek and ricotta angolotti and the other two got the Lacroix burger. The angolotti portion was significantly smaller than the burger but more full in flavor. It comes with a few pieces of veal sweetbread (which is actually the thymus of the cow), which were good but fell a bit short of expectations. The burger was juicy and flavorful but proved a challenge to consume. In the words of my fellow foodie (and pardon the innuendo), "it doesn't fit into [the] mouth." The truffled fries that accompanied the burger were stunning and arguably one of the best "classy" fries.
One of the qualms I had about the large plates was that there was no vegetarian menu. One of the vegetarian foodies had to opt to take out the veal in the angolotti, which pretty much defeats the purpose of the dish. It's a minor consideration but could be troublesome if some people have dietary restrictions. 
Dessert was just the icing on the cake. The mystery of "trio of petits desserts" is intriguing as you never know what desserts you'll get. Desserts may also vary from one table to another. We received strawberry mousse, caramel banana cake, and flour-less chocolate cake. All were quite delectable. The waiter brought us some additional treats with included craisins, sugar powdered almonds, and candied banana peels, all of which complemented the desserts well.
The ambiance and service were both great as well. We were waited on by various staff who were not intrusive but not neglecting. At one point a gnat fell into my boyfriend's Yuengling (ew) and they replaced it without question. The view from our table of Rittenhouse Square was beautiful, and the interior decor was enjoyable as well. It was overall a great experience as well as very good value for the price.Brunch at Lacroix was very disappointing. It did not live up to the hype (or price) in any way.Love the oyseters, baby octopus and lobster!I've never been here for dinner, but I've been to Lacroix's brunch several times.  THE BEST brunch in the city, hands down.  Better than the 4 seasons, by far!  You cannot beat it.  The $50-$60/per person price seems steep, but after you feast your eyes on the brunch selection, you will understand why it holds that price tag.  It's a foodie's dream come true.  Everything from an oyster raw bar, to foie gras mousse, to pork belly.  It's worth every penny, a must try for all.Looking over the other reviews makes me wonder. . .  maybe there is good food to be had here.  
My fiance and I dined here last night and although we do have good things to say, the overall taste left in our mouths after a dinner here- is blah.  This review is truly a critique of taste, because wine, service, and ambiance all served us well (minus a little service snafu of not mise-ing our table until the food had arrived and then not giving us steak knives for our thick cuts of venison).  An error easy to forgive with such charming and helpful service.  
We came here on a whim, and I will say, the flexibility of this place is certainly a draw.  What once would have only been considered a fine-dining institution now provides us with a comfortable bar/lounge which has it's own menu and also allows you to order of the Lacroix menu.  This is a huge draw for us, people who love good but don't always want to make a reservation and dress-up.  It holds the potential to be a secret destination that locals would only know you can casually go to and experience fine dining without the fanfare.  If only the food would have impressed us the way the prices demand.  
We were all over the menu in ordering, In a snap decision I ordered their boneless chicken wings and escargot off of the bar menu, not realizing we were going to be drinking a bottle of a '96 bordeaux.  I was hungry and didn't want to wait for my fiance to order the wine.  Reasonably priced at about $7 each I knew they wouldn't be much more than a little snack  until we could agree on our dinner.  When the  wine was chosen we decided that we definitely needed some red meat which is only on the Lacroix menu.  Venison was our choice and we were excited to see what the chef would do with it.  We also chose the brussel sprouts and risotto to accompany it (these were what I was  most excited for!).
First the chicken, the biggest disaster of the night.  Overcooked, dry darkmeat wrapped in skin is the biggest mystery to me!?  I do realize the chef is not looking to win any awards with a boneless chicken appetizer, but please, just cook it properly.  We both agreed that general tso's chicken at our local chinese restaurant would be much more enjoyable than what they served.  The escargot, which I expected to be transcending were mediocre at best.  The sauce was coyingly sweet and remeniscent of a grocery store  bbq sauce, not what I want with my escargot.  The venison was well cooked, perfect med.rare and nicely seared on the outside.  The dish was just lacking.  The caraway seeds did nothing for the meat, neither did the reduction on the plate.  Our biggest criticism were the decorative chops that were left on which prohibited us from being able to eat all of the meat.  The brussel sprouts were good, probably my favorite thing of the night, dressed in a lovely mustard sauce that was delicious although they were just lacking the crunch that l love from sauteed brussels.  The risotto was a total disaster.  It's only saving grace were the crunchy chestnuts on top.  It was bland, undersalted, and gooey instead of creamy.  
Let it be known, we ate most of the food we had (well  my finace did at least; he says because "it's the way his mother raised him") And did not express our disappointment because of time and we just didn't have the heart to complain to our server who was so sweet or the sommelier who was extremely helpful as well.  If we were rating this place on wine, service, and ambience alone, it would be a 4 star, all the way!  Maybe we ordered wrong or maybe the kitchen is trying to be TOO versatile in doing a bar menu and 3 tasting menus all at once.      We will definitely return for the wine and hope the next time the food will stand up to it.I spend my 21st birthday here. Fantastic birthday experience ever !! The chef gave me a surprise tiffany cake, and I drink for the first time in here which the Mister recommended ! Great experience!!I came here for the brunch on Dec 27th with three others.  The atmosphere was nice, a bit ritzy, and the service was attentive.  I can't remember too much about the particulars of what I ate.  My overall impression was that everything was pretty well-executed and good, but not great.  The dishes seemed intricate and inventive, and I wanted to like everything more, but whether the chef's palate is just different from mine or whether the dishes maybe objectively weren't great dishes I don't know.  I didn't feel much desire to go back for seconds of anything (although given the quantity of items and my desire not to miss trying anything, that's not such a bad thing).  The items that were the worst for me were the items from the carving stations and the desserts.  The proteins were a tiny bit overcooked in some cases, and just generally not all that interesting.  I remember a salmon dish that had a too-sweet, generic glaze on it.  The desserts weren't very flavorful, and the texture was off on some of them.  For example, the crusts on some of the pastries just weren't very good.
Overall, I'm happy to have had the experience.  There was a wide variety of interesting dishes.  But, I don't need to do it again.Everyone comes to this Luxury Hotel for afternoon team and brunch, but I think the DINNER here is definitely a beast and worth of trying as well! I think it's definitely can be up for Michelin on star List. I can't compliment more about its food / environment / service. My order of 4-course meal completely turns into a 9-course adventure!
Location: 5 - it's on the second level of the known luxurious hotel The Rittenhouse. 
Decor: The setting is very mixed culture. Front door faces with a gloden + black shade with Eygptian taste, the reception desk is decorated with orchidacean and candles with asian taste, there is a big buddist stone figure at the end of hallway. The tables and chairs are very European style.
View: 5 - really nice overlook to the Rittenhouse Square. All you see is green!
Menu: it comes with a 4-course menu or a 9-course Chef Tasting Menu. The 4-course menu is available online. 4 choices within one category and there are 4 categories. Generally the main ingredients remain the same, but the side ingredients vary with the season. For example, one day the Foie Gras can go with nectarine, the other day it could be pistachio. There is amuse-bouche comes first, and petit four in the end. So the portion of 4-course menu is moderate compared to small in the 9-course. The 9-course meal usually have 2 appetizers, 2 fishes, 2 entrees, 1 cheese, and very likely they are coming from the 4-course meal. If you are very indecisive in choosing one among one category and you are a huge fan of cheese, go for 9-course Tasting Menu. Otherwise, a 4-course meal can make your stomach blowing for 2 days LOL.
Food: 5 - Follow me with my food adventure at Lacroix and it is a truely delight for me to make the decision coming.
Bread and butter: besides regular bread, Lacroix offers lavosh cracker (crispy flat bread). Two kinds of butter - regular butter and goat butter. I have to say I love the goat butter more than goat cheese. Goat butter is just so smooth!
Sparkling Rosemary Limeade: strong lime taste tonic water. Not a lemonade, but limeade. :D 
Amuse Bouche: Trout roes with cantaloupe sponge, pepper radish, and puffed rice spread on top. Lacroix is very careful in selecting this amuse bouche, trout roes are just perfect - 1) size is small for an appetizer while salmon roe is too big; 2) the color just matches up with cantaloupe sponge; 3) balances out my options in the following 3 entrees. Puffed rice just adds another  layer of flavor as the roes are salty, the cantaloupe is sweet.
1st course: cold served Foie Gras with pistachio, trevisio, mango jello, sided with pistachio dressing. Toast comes complimentary. This Foie Gras is huge! The bread toast very well. Adding pistachio, dressing, and foie gras on top of the a piece of well toasted bread is so delicious. I can eat this for my entire dinner.
2nd course: grilled turbot with chanterelle, fingerling potato, gnocchi and guanciale. Probably because I didn't finish the foie gras, the turbot is kinda small, but the taste is just unbeatable. I can totally feel the texture of turbot is tight as it lives in deep sea. The shape of potato is as interesting as its name. Chanterelle is just all my time favorite, which is grilled in nice color with the perfect level of saltiness. Guanciale, or cured meat, is cut in a very very thin layer. I first thought it was a thin layer of radish or some vegetables. 
3rd course:  braised veal cheek covered with coconut and pork shred, sided with carrot mousse and plum. I heard this the most popular entree in Lacroix. Not disappointing and veal is cooked to its softest with hard pork shred. Very interesting combo in your taste bud. 
Cheese presentation: just because I took a look at the corner of the cheese cart, the pastry chef is willing to demonstrate current daily cheese selection to me. Parmesan is cut off from the hard cheese, soaked with pineapple jus, topped with lettuce leaves, virgin olive oil, and 50% coco truffle, sided with crackers. This comes as a complimentary item for me in the end -- very lucky!
Complimentary dessert: non-alcoholic dessert beverage: mint, kombucha (fermented tea), blackberry and basil.
4th course (dessert): chocolate and cherry mousse with sunflower seeds ice cream, decorated with a sunflower. Mousse is perfect in ending the meal as it is light, airy, and non-heavy. Cherry sort of matches up with what was presented earlier - plum.
Migardises (petit four): actually I was offered with five small sweets! Flavors include thai coconut, strawberry, dark chocolate, basil and etcs.
Complimentary Souvenir: Banana nutella bread. I was informed that microwaving before serving is the best.
I do not live in Philadelphia, but if you have anniversary or any celebration, this place is a perfect pick!
Hope it helps!
xoxo, QOne of my culinary bucket list items was to treat Sunday brunch at Lacroix to a good friend who would be truly appreciative. That opportunity arose last week when my grad school friend of 40 years, Andy, came in from Ohio for a long overdue visit. 
I can offer countless accolades regarding the quality and artistic presentation of all we consumed but highest honors must go to the staff who promptly yet unobtrusively attended to our every need. The HR department must have an extremely skilled screening committee to ensure that everyone hired exudes the blend of warmth, humility and professionalism that compliments the superb cuisine served.  When our wine steward, Omar, had to report that our choice was unavailable, he promptly presented gratis flutes of champagne while he chilled a more expensive yet generously-discounted alternative. Line staff in the kitchen was equally gracious and welcomed discussion about their creations. Observing the experience of those around me, all staff was making patrons feel at home openly expressing genuine interest in their satisfaction and comfort. More than any one food item, this is what makes a lasting memory.
Although a licensed psychologist by profession, I have an extensive food background and can appreciate the flawless coordination of front and back of house operations with the added variable of patrons entering the kitchen as part of the experience. I left Omar a note on my card saying he would get a 5-star rating. Here you go, Omar! Many thanks and I will definitely return.Amazing wait staff, gloriously delicious food, and a very mature, refined, and yet very comfortable ambiance. Would definitely recommend.I've been coming to Lacroix with my family for their brunch service ever since I was a child and will continue to spend all of my special occasions here for as long as it remains open. While Lacroix is nothing short of a splurge, every moment spent during each experience has been one to savor and remember with fondness. I've come here within a party of two to a party of five to a party of 20 for a special event and within each service I've never once felt rushed but rather convinced to stay a little bit longer, try a little more dessert or drink a little more coffee by each congenial staff member. Immediately upon entering the elegant restaurant, the aroma of truffles warms my soul and I feel at home. While the buffet offers a myriad of authentic french dishes, each dish has some innovative spin which may be enjoyed and appreciated by guests of all ages (including my 13 year old brother). Even the furniture is comfortable while there isn't a single bad table in the dining room that does not overlook Rittenhouse Square. Lacroix is sophisticated yet humbled as their top-notch staff offering the utmost hospitality. Every experience has been memorable as it's certainly the perfect place to spend any special occasion.We were a party of four at the chef's table in the kitchen.  The menu included many items which I have never even tasted before and I am pretty adventurous when it comes to food.  Ask for suggestions when it comes to cocktails and beer because there is a lot to choose from.  Go hungry or you'll never make it through dinner.  The menu chosen by Chef Steve Eckerd included Pike, Uni, Squab, Pig's Head, Frog, Truffle Potato, and Cuttle Fish.  SAVE ROOM at the end for the chocolate soufflé which battles LeBernadin's!  After a truly authentic dining experience, we were sent on our merry way with several treats wrapped and bottled and a signed menu which now hangs in our kitchen as one of the best if not the best dining experiences we have ever enjoyed! If you don't have an adventurous and sophisticated palate, you may not appreciate this but if you do, you are sure to have a great experience!I can only say this was one of the most spectacular restaurants we have been to in Philadelphia. First, I don't think I've ever had a server as excited as ours was. She was so thrilled that it was our first time at Lacroix and honestly, you really just can't fake that kind of enthusiasm. 
The food is impressive not only for the quality of the ingredients and preparation but for the wide variety. My husband thought I was deranged when I raved over the English curried peas. He just kept saying "Peas.....you're excited over peas?!?". That was until he made it back into the kitchen and found them for himself! Besides that, he had to drag me away from the two varieties of oysters and several of caviar. Outstanding!Been here 3 times, brunch is an absolute must, better than dinner. Dinner is good but not amazing. Do not go during restaurant week, they're too packed and difference in attitude of servers during restaurant week and not during restaurant week are like opposite ends of the earth.I enjoyed the food. The mediocre review isn't really about the food. It's expensive, yes, and the wine is insanely marked up, but there were things on the menu I had never seen before. (Malted red peppers? Octopus in Horchata sauce?) Everything we ordered was good.
My complaint was the service. Looking around it seemed like other tables had it better, but we were ignored most of the night, tucked away in a corner of the restaurant. What interaction we had with out waiter (who seemed new and out of his league) was awkward. I found myself wishing he'd hurry over to answer our questions, but then fidgeting uncomfortably when he finally made it over until he left.
I'd say there are more enjoyable experiences to be had close by for less money.A group of friends and I made a bet to pick the winner of Top Chef Season 5.  At the end of the series, we agreed to celebrate by dining at the chef's table at Lacroix.  Last night, we enjoyed this unique dining experience under the skilled hands of Chef de Cuisine, Jason Cichonski & his more than apt kitchen staff.  It was impressive to witness the harmonious operation of this large kitchen - everyone in the kitchen was extremely professional and skilled in each of their respective responsibilities.  A single dish was not created by one hand - one cook prepared the main ingredient, one prepared the sauce, one garnished.  The experience was enhanced by the warm welcome received from the sommelier and wait staff - all of whom were knowledgeable without being condescending.  
The menu consisted of a full 12 courses and we also each chose to partake in wine pairings.  The chef prepared a zucchini ravioli dish with gooseberries which was not on the restaurant menu - the chefs then asked of us our honest opinion of the dish and our recommendation as to whether the dish should be added to their regular repertoire.  It was rare to share this type of dialogue with the master creator & made the experience all that much more worthwhile.
The food continued to impress, course after course, without wear.  My only problem was not having a large enough stomach to lick each plate clean.  While I am tempted to list each decadent course, I feel it would take away from the surprise one expects with a chef's tasting menu.  However, it should be noted that if you are looking for an extravagant indulgence ($165/person), this is the way to do it!  
After it all, one of the sous chefs offered us an informal tour of the kitchen (including glimpses into the many different fridges) and we were presented with some homemade chocolates and a signed menu to remember the outstanding gastronomical adventure of the evening.The food is delicious however you wonder about what is going on backstage when one reviews the cleanliness of the location. The bathroom was filthy- dust and dirt on the stall door. There was also feces in the commode. In addition the bathroom smelled of cigarette. When I brought my concerns up to the manager, he blamed fellow guests for the filth and smell in the bathroom. As consumers we have choices- I opt to stay healthy rather than eat in an establishment that is FILTHY. I have eaten at Lacroix's competitor restaurants like Vetri and Volver multiple times and I can say without a doubt I have not been disappointed. I guess this would explain why we could not get into Vetri and ended up at Lacroix on a Wednesday eveningThe food was really good.  However, even though we were still ordering, the waiter told us that we had been there too long!  We were having a 5-course meal, and had been there for 2 hours.  Its seems ridiculous to spend so much and then get chided out of the restaurant.Never so disappointed. Service bad, no one in the restaurant and waiter seemed annoyed with any request. Food very average.  Not sure who wrote the previous reviews because very misleading.Went here on an anniversary - service was good, but pretty aggressive - I didn't think I used a fork once before someone was there replacing it. This might sound helpful, but it was hard to have a romantic dinner without a bunch of interruptions.
Food was pretty OK - for the price, I don't think it was really worth it, and frankly, I don't think we will be back any time soon. The place has a reputation for being very fancy, and a nice place to go, but I don't quite think that it is for me, and I would prefer to go some where a bit more casual and the food is a little more accessible.My FIRST EVER amuse-bouche. YAY! 
If I had one wish, it's that someone had told me that the restaurant is INSIDE the hotel at 210. You have to go back into the depths of the building and up a floor, too. It isn't very well signed, either. I felt like I was breaking and entering into the hotel, sneaking around,  but that's likely because of my colorful past. 
The sweetbread appetizer easily won the first course, over the lobster chowder (bland, but with a nice avocado accent), and a solid , if average, salad.  
I can't say enough about the duck entree. The duck was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. the sauce was plate-licking good. The best component was the cabbage egg roll, which was generously portioned and would have been satisfying on its own.  The cod entree was like butter in your mouth, served over finely seasoned Israeli Couscous. If I went back, I would order both. at the same time.  
Desserts were both odd. Smoked mouse/passion fruit option was muddled, with too many components and little satisfaction. The apple dessert was strange, bland, and forgettable. Except the paper-thin apple chips. yumm. I wanted to ask for a duffelbag of those babies to go!
For restaurant week, I spend $35 on dinner and then $25 drinks (one cocktail and a quarter of a bottle of wine). 
Don't forget cash to tip the coat guy! Service was outstanding. The waiter knew we were cheap RW kids and made us feel comfortable and welcome anyways. Truly classy. 
Plus, the decor and view are just spectacular.good ambience, good variety, food was so-so, service was EXCELLENT.Very good. Expensive, but they have a great lunch special. They take real care with all the details in the food.Lacroix does the room service for The Rittenhouse. I should start by saying a stay at a hotel is simply not complete without room service (thank you Eloise, for teaching me the importance of room service before I knew what money was).  Lacroix does a fantastic breakfast -- from eggs, to potatoes, to grits, to fruit, to toast, to coffee and tea it's all just delicious. So delicious you could eat enough to go until dinner without being hungry again.
Yum.I recently heald a holiday party at Lacroix. They were great to work with, tailoring our menu, suggested great wine and even handled our large number of gift baskets with perfect ease and presentation.The posh elegance of Lacroix is second to none. Housed comfortably on the 2nd floor of lavish Rittenhouse Hotel, you couldn't pick a more fitting dining location to indulge your culinary senses.
The decor is modern, with classic fun lighting and a quaint view of Rittenhouse square. The service is top notch, our waiter was knowledgable and cordial.
The first course was a delicious sashimi'd scallop with a perfect balance of texture. The main entree, a prawn and lobster bisque and for the desert a hazelnut and chocolate Bavarian.
Would definitely recommend!Celebrated a birthday dinner at this excellent restaurant. Everything from the service to the food was perfection. The staff, ambiance, food, drinks far exceeded my already high expectations. I'll definitely be eating here again.One of the best brunches in Philly. Several mini-selections ranging from sushi to savory foie-gras tartlets. Then a full dessert selection. Nice view and a great mimosa.I went to Lacroix for Easter Sunday brunch with the bf. Decided to spend the weekend in Philly to getaway. I took a look at the menu before coming here and was pumped to play Kobayashi for the day and eat as many different foods as I could.
We arrived at 10:30am with a reservation - being that it was a holiday, brunch was extra pricey at $75/pp. I made sure I starved myself before going and fully devoting my appetite to the meal.
First, the restaurant is on the 2nd floor of the Rittenhouse Hotel. Very elegantly decorated, you can also tell the clientele is high-class.
The area of cold appetizers was right by the entrance to the restaurant. Here they had many amazing small samplings which I'll summarize in list form:
-long island duck croissant (yum, who would've thought of pairing this?)
-foie gras inside a chocolate shell on a stick (dissolves in your mouth... yum, like a dessert)
-grilled octopus brochette (just like chicken, the sauce was good)
-prosciutto & brie grilled cheese, pesto (mini sandwich)
-lamb tataki, pistachio, fetta (i prefer my meats hot vs cold)
-red beet gelle, yogurt, pop rocks (this was interesting... i didn't really like it)
-chipotle apricot bread (tasted like a mini corn bread muffin)
-grape wasabi goat cheese salad (yum, i love grapes)
-lobster milk shooter (you could really taste the lobster)
-wasabi lime juice shooter (pretty tasty)
-cauliflower that looked like a square piece of tofu (mushy to say the least)
They also had a sushi, smoked salmon, caviar, assorted sushi, raw oysters, cocktail shrimp which was great!! The caviar went very well with the smoked salmon, and there was a wide variety of oyster dipping sauces and various flavorings. I ate 4-5 oysters...
I didn't try the wide variety of salads since I didn't want to get full off salads and greens.
Now onto the entrees:
-malaysian bbq pork shoulder (the first time i had it was great. the meat was soft, and the sauce i had made it flavorful, it kind of looks like pink roast beef)
-veal breast piccata (was okay.. i guess i don't really like the taste of veal)
-honey mustard glaze wild king salmon (very delish - salmon cooked perfectly and tender, while the sauce added goodness to it)
-organic capon breast, natural jus (perfectly cooked moist chicken breast with flavorful sauce... no complaints there)
-lacroix frittata (pretty good eggy dish with some kind of fish meat inside)
-hand rolled gnocci (as my bf would put it... potato dumpling... very good!)
-crispy pork belly with braised white beans (yum... i loved this one, but maybe because i think crispy pork belly is great)
-ginger sweet chili glazed baby carrots (i literally had one little carrot to taste... not bad)
-fried mozarella cheese, red pepper jam (this one was also good and flavorful)
-sauteed wild mushrooms in herb nage (yummy veggies)
-blackberry braised red cabbage (very flavorful, not sure if in a good way or bad way)
-fried french toast (full of cinnamon flavor, had a small bite)
-soy braised beef short ribs (these looked sooo good, but upon further tasting, it was overcooked so a tad bit hard to chew)
-mini pancakes (this is not what it was called but it was interesting)
-scalloped pancake (looked like a jumbo mumbo sized sausage that was made of pancake, so when he sliced a piece, it was a large flat circle - interesting texture... not really sure what it was)
Best thing about these entrees is that you get to go in the kitchen to get them. The chefs inside are very friendly and helpful in helping you navigate your way through all the foods. Other foods they offered but I stayed away from were eggs, sausage, bacon, waffles, etc.
Now, the desserts were something else. They have a ginormous chocolate fondue fountain where you can make your own desserts (donuts, strawberries, pineapples, marshmallows, and the list goes on) They also have huge tables full of desserts, like icecreams, sorbets, creme bulee, sweet shooters, chocolate flourless cake, vanilla cheesecake, and again list goes on. Finally, they have a cheese and crackers station with assorted hams/salamis.
You spend a good two hours here. Other ammenities, a bloody mary bar where you make your own drinks. Very cool. The waitstaff is very attentive and every time you finish a plate, they'll take away your plate, give you new utensils, and fold your napkin. The hosts come by very often to ask how the food is, and refill your drinks.
I had a great experience overall even though not 100% of the food was stellar or amazing. Since it's buffet style, you really have to limit how much of one thing you eat, since you want to try a little bit of everything. Because I took a couple bites out of all my samples, I left feeling good, but not overly stuffed. :)Brunch at Lacroix is truly a special experience. The food is set up buffet style and you have the pick of traditional brunch items as well as some gourmet delights (we especially enjoyed the bao bun sliders!) If you would prefer an omelet or other egg dishes made to order you can ask your server. We enjoyed everything we tried. I highly recommend saving room for dessert. 
What especially impressed us is that when they called to confirm our reservation they asked about allergies and when we arrived today we were given a menu with the items that I am allergic to highlighted. The service throughout the rest of the meal was spectacular--we are planning our return!
What a great brunch!I hear great things about this restaurant. One of my clients had dined there the night before my meeting. There is "Food Week" and the amazing Sunday Brunch. However, my review has to do with my specific and only dining experience there.
It was pre-seminar. I needed a quick serving of bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee. The waiter upgraded me to the American Breakfast because it came with potatoes, juice and coffee. As the waiter was selling me on the coffee that comes with the meal he somehow got me to choose the french press option as if it was a "no-cost" option. I did not realize was another $8.00 until I received the bill.
I ordered two eggs over medium, the "Lancaster Bacon" which sounded amazing with the potatoes. It also came with toast. I was expecting to receive a breakfast worthy of the high price. I was disappointed.
Of the two eggs, one egg was obviously hard cooked after it had broken in the pan. You would expect a chef at a 5 Star restaurant to know how to cook an egg. You would think he would not even put it on the plate. You would think the waiter would notice this egg and not deliver it to me. Seems like a minor thing, but you would expect better for such a fancy place.
The 4 very thin strips of bacon were nothing special. They were thin, hard cooked as if they were pulled from a pre-cook bin. The potatoes were average. My rye bread was served in a napkin to keep them warm however the butter was rock hard. Cold butter for rolls works. Cold butter out of the fridge is hard to spread on thin toast and usually does not melt.
Had I been "wowed" with some amazing gastric experience or if I had attended the Sunday Brunch this would probably be a 5-Star review but if they can't get something as easy as breakfast right, I will probably never eat there again and in fact the next morning I had a better breakfast off the street food cart by the park for $3.50.
With tip, I spent over $40.00 on a $7.00 breakfast(including the french press coffee)This spot would be perfect for a special occasion or for a romantic evening. Its not a fun night out on the town. Lacroix is quite the serious spot. That being said, the food was very good.... on the high end of the scale with prices, but very good. We both enjoyed our fish selections. The sides, that must be purchased separately, were also very good. I had a mix of wild mushrooms and they were very tasty. The amuse bouche was a pea soup with a foam... the foam was VERY salty and quite the shock to the palate... too salty. The pea soup did not dilute the salty flavor of the foam. I would dine here again but only for a special occasion. It is way too stuffy a place for a night on the town for anyone under the age of 50.My wife and I periodically find ourselves in Philadelphia on business and have been meaning to plan an excursion to Lacroix for several trips now. The both of us couldn't be more pleased that we finally did just that. I will start by saying that I have extraordinary high standards and if I make a minor criticism here and there, it by no means reflects that an establishment isn't operating at an exceptional level. 
 We dined at Lacroix in the main dining room on a summer evening. The atmosphere was quiet with a overtone of subdued elegance. Once shown to our seats, we found ourselves at a generously oversized two top. The space is a bit modest for the type of restaurant they strive to be, but the staff more than made up for any shortcoming with their professionalism and  outstanding attention to minute detail. One thing I did notice was a crease point showing on the top of the table cloth, but no one is perfect.  I want to stress the point that a generously oversized table and just as important, space between tables always will convey a sense of opulence and  plenty. This practice is well accepted and exhibited in the world's finest restaurants, but as of late is falling out of favor. I want to praise Lacroix for not capitulating to this trend. 
The captain shortly arrived and walked us through their two tasting menus as well as the offered pairings. We opted for the slightly more sparse menu and requested a temperance pairing to accompany it - to which the sommelier was happy to oblige. 
Our first course was Foie Gras prepared with strawberry, roasted pepper and pumpernickel. As it has now been some time since the meal, I don't remember perfectly if the strawberry was in the form of a mouse or fluid gel - though I do recall finding it slightly too sweet an accompaniment for my taste. Overall however, we both thoroughly enjoyed the course which isn't too hard seeing that Foie Gras - torchon, terrine or simply seared - is one of our favorite things on earth.
 For myself, Lobster with Morel mushrooms and an Armagnac Mousseline followed our first course. I remember the lobster tail being perfectly cooked with a superlative texture. It's a challenge to articulate the unique texture; it's almost as if it was lightly poached in Beurre Monte, but done so as delicately as one would only be able to accomplish in a circulator. It remains a mystery to me. The Mousseline was technically excellent. It had a perfectly smooth velvet mouth feel with the proper viscosity. Many times I find such a sauce can become too viscous by attempting to stabilize emulsions with Hydrocolloids. I wouldn't be surprised if the hollandaise was made to order. 
My wife had Octopus with smoked mussel, guanciale and Chanterelle mushrooms. I only had but a few bites and with that in mind, it was excellent. I did however feel that it was slightly unbalanced in the  brininess and pervasiveness of smoke in the broth. I found the dish very bright and bold over the few bites I had, but were I to finish the entire portion - I would have found it slightly palate fatiguing. I do think that level of seasoning would be perfect for an amuse-bouche or perhaps served as a canapé in a demitasse cup. 
For our meat course I remember enjoying the sweetbreads while my wife gorged on the lamb. Unfortunately, when I returned to my hotel later that evening I had fallen asleep while taking down my notes and entirely forgot to include the rest of the meal. I will say that I truly appreciated the entire menu and any minor  criticism I may have leveled is within the context of it being exquisite food, carefully executed. 
   Lastly I want to touch on an element I think is uniquely relevant to Lacroix and that is value. I'm the first to admit that I don't know much about the market in Philadelphia, but I will tell you that in order to attain the same caliber of service and cuisine in New York, San Francisco, LA, Paris, Lyon or London you would have to spend at least thirty percent more - not considering abnormal exchange rates. Lacroix is a very good value and that's why I'm giving it all five yelp stars as supposed to just four. Truth be told, it is an excellent restaurant, but it's not Le Pré Catelan or Per Se and that's okay. I highly recommend this distinguished establishment.Exquisite.
I've been to Lacroix several times, but somehow haven't written a review. Now it's time.
I went last Friday. I didn't know that it was the last day of Restaurant Week, so they had that menu out. I wanted the a la carte menu and that was promptly brought. 
First, I spent a ton of time looking at their impressive wine menu. I asked my waiter about a bottle of Bordeaux; he liked the idea, but consulted with the sommelier and said they had a great bottle for me: a Marques de Grignon petit verdot. Wow. The wine was less expensive than the one I asked about, and it's the first time I had a full petit verdot. Amazing.
Then, the food. My dinner companion had the squash soup; I had the pate, which the sommelier paired with a sweet win from Bergerac. Supr tasty choice.
For the entree, we had the veal cheeks and the duck breast. Both were perfectly done, and I still can savor that brown liquor sauce that the veal cheeks were done in. Amazing.
For the dessert: fromage. Our waiter chose three soft cheeses to go with the last of the Marques de Grignon. Perfect.
You know, going to Lacroix I have the same conversation in my head that I do when I get a massage: "Why don't I do this more often?" I ask myself.This is probably my favorite brunch place ever. And that is saying a lot, because I really like to eat and enjoy where I'm eating. To begin with, the venue is (almost) enough to close the deal; the place is rather luxurious, especially for the price. The chairs are comfortable and heavy (and will certainly fit your overstuffed butt once you finish the meal), the table is always pristine and elegant, and the service is professional and attentive without being overbearing. It's always been a remarkable experience. If you like your own special version of a bloody mary, well bloody make it yourself at the build-your-own bar. They provide the alcohol and ice, you mix whatever you would like into the drink. The wine list is reasonable for Sunday brunch and c'mon, just have a glass or two of champagne. After all, you'll be sitting your stuffed behind in the comfy chairs, looking out the window at the square anyway. Okay, last but not least the fooooood. It's buffet style and I love options, so I love this place. Not because I want to be hoggish, despite my butt-in-chair comments, but because I like to try new things. You should begin with the cold appetizers, which are tasting portions. Yum. Try new things and just....well, try something new. There is also shrimp cocktail, oysters on the half shell, sushi and other fun. On the way to the kitchen is an array of cheeses, fruit and a beautiful display of dessert, which is not just for the end of the meal. In the kitchen is a wide variety of breakfasty and other delicious hot food items. Just sample! Inside you'll also find milk and dark chocolate fountains for dipping evils temptations like rice krispie treats, doughnuts, and marshmallows. Wow, did I mention how comfortable those seats were? Overall, a wonderful dining experience - take your time and enjoy!! Cheers.My absolute favourite restaurant in Philadelphia! Best brunch in the city by far! Excellent quality and decor. Fantastic!The good is excellent. Most places drown the meal in sauces. Here the flavorings in the sauces are delicious and just enough is added to compliment the food. You can try a great assortment of wines by the glass, and we did! One with appetizer, one with Maine course, etc. there is also a tasting menu with small portions that allows you to taste without feeling overstuffed. I've been to some great restaurants around the world & this one ranks right up there with them. The staff is wonderful. They don't bug you every 5 minutes like in most American restaurants.I was so excited about coming here to eat here with a friend for lunch and since the restaurant is so expensive.  I figure I wait till  restaurant week to give lacroix a try. boy was I disappointed the service was good but the food was okay and even worse RW menu wasn't really French at all I like my app some type of cold beet soup but sea bass was good but had better and the deserts were okay.  I will try them for brunch since my friend had brunch there and really enjoyed herself.  I wouldn't come here again for RW .Lacroix is one of the few things I miss from my brief stint in Philadelphia.  It will always be on my list of 10 top tables in North America.  The food and service will bring tears to your eyes--it's that refined, innovative and delicious.  In fact, it's probably the most elegant yet relaxed dining experience I've had since a visit to Les Crayeres in France.  You'll feel heady and savor every moment chanting, Lucky me, lucky me, lucky me...Excellent experience! Made a trip to Philly for a close friends birthday, wanted to go somewhere really fancy. This was it! We did the 8 course chefs tasting. It was delicious and for the price it definitely should've been! If you want a professional dining experience this is a great place to try. Just be prepared to spend a pretty penny or two!The Service was fantastic, the wine was great, the view of the trees of rittenhouse park was beautiful and the restaurant itself is very nicely decorated.
The food was good, but for the price we paid I expect the food to be astonishingly good!  My wife and I found ourselves thinking that we would have preferred to spend 1/10th of what we did on a Philly cheese steak or a good pizza, which there are many options in the area.
Overall it was a pleasant experience and I really don't have any particular complaint other than the value we received.Sunday night at the Lacroix is really a deal worth checking out.  $35 price fix three course meal and 50% off any bottle of wine on the extensive list.  I enjoyed Melon Bisque, Halibut and a decadent chocolate dessert.  Emily had the salad, organic chicken (best chicken this side of the 11 herbs and spices) and the same dessert.  Split a bottle of Viognier from Provence and all for $17.00!!!  Well, $117.00, but if you stay at the Rittenhouse, you get a $100 voucher off your meal.  Great room, delicious meal and wonderful staff.  No joke...spend a Sunday night on the Park and indulge for not a lot of moolah.There is nothing quite like brunch at Lacroix. It's one of the best eating experiences I've ever had time and time again. My favorite is to go with my boyfriend and seriously dive in to our inner foodies for 2 hours. The atmosphere is beautiful, especially on a nice day with a window seat overlooking all of Rittenhouse square. Lacroix is one of a kind in that aspect.
The experience is something you need to see for yourself...but I can do my best to describe it here as simply as I can. Buffet style like you've never quite seen before. It spans multiple rooms where the first is a table filled with cold appetizer items as well as a raw bar filled with oysters, cocktail shrimp, sushi, and caviar. Oh yeah, and everything is mini served on their own mini dishes or in mini glasses (see photo). To dive in to some bigger entree items you have to walk back in to the kitchen and get it yourself. The staff is so friendly and helpful. In particular the person who is manning the meat selections asks you what cut you would like and suggests an accompanying sauce. You can miss the dessert table because it stares at you right before you walk into the kitchen and then reminds you again to save room for dessert because one of the first things waiting in the kitchen is a huge chocolate fountain.
There are some staples that brunch at Lacroix sticks too: duck confit, gnocchi, sauteed wild mushrooms (YUUUMM)...but for the most part the selections rotate with the seasons.
Seriously enjoy yourself! Take the time to explore and let your inner foodie run wild. You won't be disappointed.We were there for the Chef's Table for our anniversary. What an experience! We were set up right in the kitchen. Chef Jason Chichonski and his team created course after course of incredible-looking and delicious dishes, all prepared in front of us. The server had no idea what the chef was going to serve, so he had to prepare a variety of silverware to be able to accommodate the last minute instructions on how to serve the next course. It was amazing watching the kitchen prepare all these dishes and plate them like art. Feels like we were the judges on a live Iron Chef set.Extremely poor service in even just booking the table. The staff was very impatient in explaining things to you. The menu on the website was old and I could not even ask a few more questions. I understand that their tables are fully booked and that I am just a redundant customer. You could hear their very impatient tone just over the phone. Attitude is really really bad! A lot of restrictions in how you booked a table and what time you can come and how long you can stay. I can still respect that but the attitude was really bad. No matter what great food you have, I don't believe it would be a pleasant dining experience overall with that type of people serving me and so much restrictions.I walked in with high expectations of the food, but the service completely blew me away.  For a Tuesday night, the restaurant was lively, but not packed or noisy - and the atmosphere was very relaxed and not stuffy, like I expected.  Our wait staff was very patient, knowledgeable, and took care not to interrupt any conversation - and only came to the table when we truly needed something.  This was mentioned in a previous review and I thought to myself that it had to be a coincidence - but it is really amazing how they're able to read body language and be there when you need them and to be scarce when you don't!
We started with drinks and dove right into main courses - we had the ribeye & the lamb saddle.  Both were perfectly cooked, beautifully presented and most importantly, DELICIOUS!  The quinoa that comes with the ribeye had a really unique flavor - more "meaty" than the standard quinoa.  The lamb saddle came with (for a lack of a better description) sweet potato tater tots.  I could have had an entire plate of those - so good!
After declining dessert, our waiter brought us a plate of sweets anyway - and gave me some biscotti to take home. I thought that was a nice touch!  
Overall - food met expectations, service far exceeded.  A great pick for a date night, special occasion, or really whenever you feel like being spoiled!Amazing dinner experience! Each dish was expertly prepared - delicious and beautiful. Service was incredible. This place has mastered high end food without attitude.Best brunch (and possibly meal) of my life. I had heard about this brunch from many of my friends for years. I didn't think a brunch could make such a big impression. I had an online deal, so I finally went for brunch. I have never eaten so much in one meal. All of the stations (tapas, seafood, cheese, hot food, dessert, and many more) were amazing, and no brunch will ever compare to this one. I highly recommend it to everyone if you are looking to splurge on a meal.This was the third time my husband and I have eaten here and we were not disappointed! They had restructured their menu to be an 8 course chef's tasting (with wine pairing option) or 4 course menu to choose from various sections. Service is always top notch and ambiance is upscale but comfortable. 
We selected the 8 courses and were extremely satisfied with the dishes. There was a perfect balance of veggies, proteins, and creative culinary techniques. 
We look forward to our next visit!I seldom go with 5 stars in my reviews, but I have to admit, I can't really find anything wrong with Lacroix. Great service, great atmosphere, phenomenal food. It's not as intimidating as Le-Bec Fin and I personally enjoyed the food more. 
I love that their menu is much different than almost anywhere else too. It's not a long menu, but every dish seems to take very basic things that you would find at most other restaurants but adds the smallest things that make them completely unique to the restaurant. 
My boyfriend had the Organic Rib-eye Steak and he said (and I back him up, since I tried some) that it was fantastic (he actually said it was almost as good as the late "Brassarie Perrier" which he still mourns over) the au jus sauce had a very unique taste and was very different then any other au jus I've tried.
I had the Muscovy Duck with a Strawberry Reduction sauce. This is a perfect example of how they take something that is common on (french) restaurant menus and completely make it their own. The strawberry somehow took on a savory taste when paired with the duck which was intriguing (not too gamey, as duck can tend to be). 
We also had sides of the Fingerling potatoes, which were perfectly cooked so they were very tender but not mushy, and the Green Asparagus in white chocolate and black garlic. I must admit, I almost didn't get them because of the white chocolate, I mean-how weird is that? but once again, they were able to take something that is typically sweet  and transform it into this wonderful savory sauce. 
Then theres dessert. We shared a chocolate souffle which was soft and airy and perfectly chocolatey (not overly chocolately which some places tend to do) and they served them with a delicious small plate of petit fours. 
Like I said, I have nothing bad I can think to say of Lacroix. We never found ourselves needing everything as someone was always there to refill glasses and replace silverware as needed, without being annoying. We were also seated right next to the window looking over the hotel entrance, and Rittenhouse park. The chairs are comfortable and the decor is simple yet sophisticated. 
If you're going to splurge and go out somewhere really nice in Philly, I would definitely recommend Lacroix.I wanted to write this before the mass quantity of food that I ate had time to fully digest.
The Sunday brunch at Lacroix (Luh-kwah) is 2nd to none.  The assortment of fine fish, meats, salads, and desserts is beyond imaginable.  There are around 60 different items to choose from, to the point that I couldn't even sample one of everything because I was so full.  
Some of the highlights were:
Smoked Long Island Duckling Croissants
Salmon Crudo w/ Yogurt Panna Cotta
Lobster BLT
Bruschetta w/ Lobster Hollandaise
Smoked Soft Scrambled Eggs w/ Asparagus and Wild Mushrooms in a jar 
Service was superb.  Our waiter, Jorge, and his team were always on top of things without ever making it known that they were there.  Everytime you went back to the buffet, your napkin was refolded, water refilled, and previous plate taken away.  The staff honored my request for a table along the windows and even had my wife's surprise gift waiting at the table upon our arrival.  They also gave us a little Tiffany-box looking piece of chocolate with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate.  
We'd love to go back in the future so that we can actually get to try the chocolate fountain and liquid nitrogen station which we were told is the best part.
We originally planned to go here for dinner, but switched to the Sunday brunch to save some money and get to sample more items.  We're glad we did.Phenomenal service, atmosphere and food. Our party of four got a booth facing the square, and it was snowing outside so the view was exquisite. Pre-fixe menu with a few options to upgrade and an optional caviar menu to start the night. Lots of little surprises in between the scheduled five courses (Scallops, Black bass, chicken, duck/beef, dessert).
Zero complaints from our table, which got two delicious wines based off of recommendations from the waiter. New silverware for every course and no glass was ever empty (water or wine). While we knew there were a lot of tables, we felt very private in our booth and enjoyed it! We want to try to wine pairing next time!The branzino was delish, moist and flaky.  The foie gras appetizer was amazing. Just had v day dinner there and it was super romantic.Came here during Restaurant Week, and was seated in a room with windows overlooking another room, but with a view of Rittenhouse Square.  Our waiter, Woody (his real name is William Woody), was wearing a nametag, and joked around with us--he had a great sense of humor.  The menu was limited for Restaurant week--a choice of Duck, Quinoia, or Cod.  Starters included salad, lobster bisque, and sweetbreads.  Desserts included an apple tart or chocolate mousse-type dessert.  The service was impeccable.  Woody would take our plates when we finished, always asking how things were.  My dad enjoyed the Cod, while I had the duck.  The duck came out with 6 or so medallions, I had asked for it to be done medium well.  Accompanying it was a tube shaped fried thing filed with cabbage.  It was much better than it sounds.  The sauce was very good, a bit on the salty side.  My mom had a lamb dish off the regular menu, she said was excellent.  The lobster bisque came out a bit cold, but I ate it anyway.  The taste was unusual, and it didn't have any pieces of lobster as I had imagined.  The dessert of chocolate mousse was very good but not very filling.  I heard the brunch is excellent here, so I plan to try it.  It loses a star because of the lukewarm lobster bisque, but it is an excellent restaurant and I highly recommend it to anyone living in or visiting Philly.The food is very nice and the waiters are phenomenal. We went there for a business gathering. Very fancy experience.Excellent restaurant.  A fine dining experience.
I came here for my college graduation and didn't disappoint! 
Everything from the complimentary bread and butter to the main dish was so delicious and perfect!  Each dish is beautifully decorated and you can see how the chef cares a lot about the presentation as well as the taste.
The staff was so very cordial and friendly to us.  They even surprised me with dessert which was a mini cake shaped in a Tiffany's box and "Congratulations!" written on the plate.  It was so thoughtful and kind. One of the best dining experience I've had!Every time I walk in to Lacroix I feel like a diva, and I love it.  The service is impeccable , and the food is always divine.  I had the Lacroix Burger - Cabot White Cheddar, Green Meadow Farms Bacon, Maitake-Horseradish Condiment, Truffled Fries.  The Bacon was no joke.  It was thick, perfectly cooked, and rested upon the juiciest burger I've had in a while.  I got the horseradish sauce on the side so it wouldn't overpower the burger, but in reality what do I really know?  It was a perfect compliment to the burger itself.   And the fries.  I actually split this burger, and was full on half, but literally forced down the fries because they were so delicious.  I mean Truffle fries...obviously.  If you split the the price isn't bad at all, and they will even separate the meals onto two plates for you.  Even though Five Guys has a pretty filling burger, every now and then you have to splurge on a quality burger to remember how good fat food can really be.I was so impressed-haven't been to Lacriox in quite some time but decided to go to celebrate a special occasion. We were treated extremely well, the food was excellent and the ambiance was exceptional!!!!We dined here with our 3 year old daughter and had such a pleasant experience! The food was excellent and the service was top notch. This is definitely a great place to celebrate a special occasion. My husband ordered the ribeye, which was cooked exactly the way he wanted it. I ordered the halibut and it was delicious. My daughter ordered a cheeseburger...the portion they gave was huge! And the fries were actually really good- I had to help myself to a few =) We were actually too full for dessert, but my 3-course prix-fixe came with dessert so we had some anyway. i'm glad we got it! Elegantly presented and tasted just as good as it looked. I would definitely come back again to eat here!I dream of the day I can be a man of leisure and have a long lunch overlooking the park every week.  Until then I'll have to settle for a Sunday brunch once or twice a year, and what I think is one of the best kept secrets in town - Lacroix's weekday breakfast buffet.
$16 gets you juice, coffee, eggs, pastries, house-cured lox, bacon, sausage and more.  Plus you get served by some of the most accommodating and professional wait staff I've ever encountered.My husband took me here last year for my birthday... We did Brunch, and was treated like royalty. They staff and food were amazing! Drinks... only need one. They are that good. We have decided to make this a ritual every year. I love this place!Brunch at Lacroix is an exquisite dining experience that I will remember for years to come. It is buffet style, and the diversity of the offerings is remarkable. It ranges from traiditonal breakfast foods (e.g. eggs, sausage) to seafood (e.g. oysters, sushi) and everything in between. Indeed there is something for everyone, and there are even some things you didn't know you wanted until you tried it (e.g. foie gras ice cream sandwiches). The liquid nitrogen station is way cool, and is equal parts delicious and educational.
I have only been here for brunch so I cannot comment on the lunch/dinner experience. While I would be interested in coming back for lunch/dinner, I'm not sure it will be quite as magical as the brunch experience.Sunday brunch at LaCroix all the way! 
My gorgeous husband took me here for my birthday and it was just such a great experience from start to finish. 
After being seated at a window table with views of Rittenhouse Square, our server Mark offered a tour. He explained the concept, showed us where to find everything and brought us our drinks. Throughout brunch, he was very friendly, polite and talkative. He definitely contributed to the entire experience. 
We did our best trying all of the dishes; however, this was simply impossible for us. The entrees, to be found in the kitchen, were delicious, especially the meats. My husband loved the lamb and pork, I loved the duck with plums. 
I wasn't blown away by the sushi, and so only had a couple of pieces of that. But there were some tasty hors d'oeuvres that I'm glad I didn't miss out on. 
And then there was dessert. Oh my... Heaven is the only word that comes to my mind. Again, wished I could've tried all of them, but it would've been too much. Everything was so perfect and pretty. I especially loved their lemon meringue! 
Somewhere after finishing my main course and before I started dessert, Mark brought me a birthday petit fours in the shape of a Tiffany box. Again, heaven! Also, their jasmine tea is delicious! I'm very fussy about tea, so this is noteworthy. 
Somewhat pricey? Yes. Will I come back? Without a doubt! It's worth it!Brunch was aaaaamazing....simply amazing.!!! Well worth it! - err, learnt the hard way that the mimosas were not complimentary thought. Oops :PThe brunch here was phenomenal
Can't comment on dinner but the brunch was decadent and special--not many places let you into the kitchen and let you interact with the chef
Very cool experience, can't recommend it enough!I've been here a couple of times for their Sunday brunch and I must say its pretty amazing and includes caviar...the lunch time burger is not amazing I asked for it medium well done and it came out very well done the toasted roll was also too toasty(is that a word lol) heres a breakdown
Roll-- almost burnt
Meat-burnt
Toppings-- weird mushroom
As expected when I go to these types of places the service was incredible but it can't make up for a bad burgerYears ago, I vowed to avoid buffets because of my unhealthy tendency of stuffing my face with food in attempt to eat back what I had paid; but I have no regrets lifting that ban for Sunday brunch at Lacroix. 
Their buffet selection is TREMENDOUS. I walked out of that place feeling like a bloated balloon. An extremely heavy balloon. 
The food was not universally tasty. There were definite hits and misses. All the desserts were hits (for me) especially in presentation. Their mac & cheese, to my utter disappointment, was heavily over-salted. The pear and beet gelle was the worst combination in flavors-probably because of my naivete and thought since it resembled jello, it should taste accordingly-but no...it did not and I found it to be texturally unpleasant as well. Even if there are things you don't like at the buffet, they have more than enough food to satisfy your hunger. 
Some highlights:
-hot buffet in open kitchen (you literally walk into their kitchen to get entrees)
-chocolate fondue fountain
-raw seafood bar
-impeccable service (every time we left the table, servers would fold our cloth napkins neatly beside our plates)
-overlooking view of Rittenhouse Square Park
Bill was definitely hefty but well worth it. I would love to frequent this place more often but I'm leaving it for special occasions. My wallet would thank me in the long run.Worst resturant experience I ever had.  We felt like second class citizens the waiters were taking good care of the tables that ordered the price fixe meals.  We ordered from the menu, I ordered steak and my wife ordered the scallops.  When they arrived both entree's were cold.  We sent them back.  When the waiter returned them they didn't bother retruning the side dishes.  We were sitting there with just scallops and steak on our plates.
This was the worst experience I ever had in an upscale resturant.  I would not go back.  the Rittenhouse Hotel offered me a $100.00 gift certificate to come back.  As this would not cover even half the bill we decided we would spend our money elsewhere.Absolutely one of the best lobster rolls ever! Ok, they put bacon in it and who doesn't love bacon. Seriously, it was outstanding. We stayed at the Rittenhouse Hotel and really loved having Lacroix at the ready. The service was outstanding, the food cooked perfectly, and the room is quite nice. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.As we crossed Rittenhouse Square following our ambrosial meal at Lacroix, our waiter came running after us, shouting our names. I began to worry. 
Did my credit card get declined? No. I would've known that already. Did I forget to tip on the full cost of the bottle of wine instead of the sale price (Mondays are 50% off bottles)? I couldn't remember. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that Lexi seemed to stop responding my recent posts on Facebook.
It turns out that my delusions were unfounded -- although I'm still uncertain about the tip. Our waiter was on the verge of transforming our meal into one of the premiere dining experiences I've ever had.
Earlier that night, I noticed a chair from Johnson & Wales University placed in the restroom. I asked our waiter -- I can't remember his name but Oscar sounds familiar -- if one of the cooks graduated from there. We began talking and I informed him that I used to cook at an upscale Italian restaurant in Wildwood Crest and that it was my dream to go to JWU. My overprotective Italian parents would not let me leave the area, though. 
When I told him that I was considering going to culinary school now, his eyes lit up. He promised us a private tour of the kitchen and said he would introduce us Executive Chef Jonathan Cichon. 
"I'm sure he would be happy to have you help out in the kitchen before you start school," he said. "You can look over his shoulder and learn some things. After all, who would turn down free help?"
My jaw dropped. Me, a guy in his 30s who hasn't been on the line in years, learning at arguably the best restaurant in Philadelphia. After all, who would turn down a free education?
Soon, the meal ended and Oscar disappeared into the kitchen. My wife and I agreed that the offer of a tour was either a polite but empty promise or something he had simply forgotten about.
Yet, there he was, running down the street after us, to bring us back in to show off Lacroix's glorious kitchen and introduce us to the gracious, humble staff. It's the sort of thing you never forget.I came back for the Sunday brunch for a girlfriend's bridal shower.  It was great that we were able to secure the private room.  We had set the brunch as a surprise so we had asked the server to bring us through directly in the front but the surprise was slightly ruined.  
The good:  
-the gentleman manager(?) was super attentive to the party and checked up on us
-since there wasn't a party booked after us, we got to stay in the room longer
-the nitrogen station was lemon and it was pleasantly tart
The not-so-good:
-the bride was disappointed that the bloody mary bar was gone
-the scrambled eggs that I dreamed about were oh so disappointing and gross
-while there was a great variety of food, none of them were really spectacularHad a wonderful lunch, they served me the freshest halibut, with a mix of roasted veggies. my friends had their crab cake and diver scallops. they service was easy going and yet at the same time professional. Jorge, our waiter, let me see the bottle of a freshly opened spanish fine and offered me to taste it first before i selected it as my wine. even though it rained the place was lovely. My only complaint was, I can't find one.Came here for my bday dinner March 2014 and I loved it! My Bf and I did the tasting menu,  and happy with our decision to go this route. A bit more fancy and upscale for my taste but delicious nonetheless ;and the staff was so gracious and accommodating.  Perfect beginning to end I do not have a complaint.  The only reason I am giving a 4 star review is due to the price value placed on the plates which I didn't feel matched up completely but the decor and ambience made it feel quite worth it. Will Def return for the brunchBest Steak I've ever had, anywhere, hands down. We ate there in 2011 and I still talk about it. 
My wife got fish and she was kicking herself after tasting my steak.
Hey, it's not an every weekend or every month place because of the prices, but for a special occasion this place will knock your socks off.My girlfriend and I went here for dinner. It was an amazing experience. Professional service and nice setting. The food was great as well. We started from the caviar snack and then had the five-course meal with a few chef's gifts. The desert was absolutely fantastic, especially the chocolate soufflé with orange. Made to perfection. One thing I did notice was that the steak was not done too well. I am really into steaks and I saw many places in which that dry aged steak could be improved. For one thing, the string sauce totally covered the natural flavor of the beef and the beef was not as tender and juicy as it should've been as a dry aged piece of meat. Responsibly speaking, I have made better steaks myself.Lacroix continues to slip.
I've been there 5 times now. 
It will definitely be my last. And for taking out my clients it's wildly off the list.
Sadly, I can't recommend it anymore.
Professionalism seems to have completely left the composition of the restaurant now.
If it's not cold meals brought out, or inattentive servers, than it's a place that seems to have forgotten how to be a restaurant.
Reservation websites that have been down for days (if not longer). Phone numbers for reservations that go to a gentleman who has never answered the phone, nor returned any call after a detailed message.
After finally just walking in to see about a table the experience was akin to being told as a customer, "We don't care if you, or anyone else ever comes back."
Just embarrassing. Philadelphia has too many dining options for this establishment to have such amateur behavior.Unreal. The service and food were in a league of its own. Everything was beyond delicious. Can't say enough good things about our experience!!Lacroix is our new special occasion tradition. My fiancé brought me here for my birthday last week. Raw bar, Unique salad station, hot selections you pick in the kitchen. Beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square. Amazing desserts.  We saw   Stephen Starr eating there with his girlfriend.  If a man who can eat at any of his own places on the square chooses it, my feeling is...it's an excellent choice. 
Not to mention Jorge was one of the finest servers I have ever had.I had read really great reviews on the food and service at Lacroix so my friend and I decided to go during Restaurant Week.  We were happy to find out that Lacroix did not skimp on the quality of their food or their customer service even though it was Restuarant Week and other fine dining restaurants have been known to do so.  I had the Japanese Pumpkin Soup with Coconut and Hisbiscus (very good!), the Halibut with Whipped Potatoes and Pork Belly, and a Petit Trio of Desserts (the Caramel Mini-Cheesecake was absolutely delicious!).  
The service was also quite good.  The restaurant was on the cold side and there was a consistent breeze that was making it even chillier.  The kind manager moved us to another table and provided us with nice blankets/wraps to wear during our meal.  A nice touch.  And our server knew that we really enjoyed the mini-cheesecakes and sent us home with some.  We both had a great time and plan to go back.I am staying at the Rittenhouse Hotel for a business trip and decided to eat at Lacroix with a coworker (also staying at the hotel) and a friend who lives in Philadelphia. Immediately upon entering the restaurant, we were struck by its elegance, and, when we received the menus, our initial suspicions were confirmed: this place is EXPENSIVE. You can either order the $135 9-course tasting menu or the $85 4-course tasting menu. Needless to say, we went with the 4-course option.
One of the fleet of waiters who attended to us brought over a delicious bread basket with 4 different kinds of bread and lavosh crackers and some delicious butter (sadly no goat butter though), which we promptly inhaled. The waiter then jokingly left a scrap of the lavosh cracker on the table "in case we wanted to finish it off." Touche, sir.
Next came an amuse bouche, which was a small bite of roe in a delicious pink sauce. It was delicious.
For my first course, I ordered the foie gras. I'm not a huge foie gras fan, actually, but we decided that we would all order something different during each course in order to taste as many different dishes as possible. It came with a pistachio encrusted date, a small curried quince salad, a piece of thick, warm toast, some cubed golden beets and some kind of delicious fruit puree/jelly, which ended up being my favorite thing on the plate. Yum. I finished the whole thing.
The second course I ordered was the turbot with a fingerling potato, chanterelle mushrooms, and guanciale. This was actually my least favorite course, although that's not much of an indictment. The fish was a bit dense for my taste, and the fingerling potato was just a roasted fingerling potato, which felt rather uninspired for the likes of Lacroix. I still finished the whole thing.
My third course was probably my favorite - a decadently tender braised beef short rib over a white bean puree with cumin-y grated cauliflower and probably something else I can't remember. It was amazing - the beef was rich and tender, the cauliflower was a flavorful yet refreshing foil for the richness of the dish, and the puree was the perfect creamy complement to the beef. Again, I finished the whole thing.
Between the meat course and dessert, the waiter brought over a second amuse bouche for our table: white chocolate covered apple cider. It looked like a small disc-shaped truffle, but it literally contained liquid cider. It was tasty, but the novelty of its composition was more notable.
For my dessert course, I ordered the chocolate dish. It consisted of a chocolate pudding/mousse spread over the plate, a fresh fig filled with creme fraiche and rolled in chocolate, aerated chocolate shards, and stracciatella ice cream. The quality of the chocolate was incredible, but the dish didn't feel as decadent as I had hoped. The chocolate shards were very interesting: they were pure chocolate with air incorporated in, but they didn't really melt in your mouth the way I had imagined they would - they were more like some kind of chocolate cookie. Still delicious. Still ate the whole thing.
Finally, the waiter brought out a tray of assorted cookies and treats - coffee macarons, chocolate liquer truffles, pear pate, chocolate nut-filled nougat, and madeleines. So delicious that we scarfed them down despite being inordinately stuffed from the rest of the meal. The original waiter who had teased us about the cracker returned and offered to bring us a second tray of the cookies at no cost, which we declined laughingly. He must have sensed that the Lacroix experience was not something we underwent regularly because he brought us out individual packages of the cookies to take with us. Well done, sir. Another waiter also brought over 3 small loaves of yummy cranberry nutella paw paw cake, which I had for breakfast this morning.
So, instead of receiving 4 courses, we really received 8 (4 regular courses, 2 amuse bouches, cookies, and cake - 9 if you include the bread). Not too shabby!I concur with Carrie E and the many other 5 stars seen here.
WOWZA!
I just had my very first meal (lunch) at La Croix - and it will not be my last.
Service is top-notch.  The server called me by name (Ms. F.) numerous times during the meal.  Attentive without being over-breaing and just perfect.
My dining companion started with the onion soup - which looked marvelous, and I had a delectable tuna tartare.  The swimmingly-fresh fish was cubed and tossed with a wonderful blend of herbs and red peppers (bell peppers), It was artfully plated with tiny cubes of fried diced potatoes.
For entrees my friend had a deliicous - if a bit salty for my taste - dish of baked ham & cheese risotto - so comforting on a winter day.  I had an Or-Gas-Mic and perfectly medium rare, sliced DUCK BREAST (Don't miss this) served with halved ripened blackberries and house-made gnocchi that were heaven on a plate.
Desserts were petit amuse-bouche style including profiteroles, chai creme brulee (miniature) and a sublim Opera torte (complete with the classic gold leaf garnish.)
I was having flashbacks to my honeymoon cruise in Europe.
What a TERRIFIC place.  Much like Arnold Scwartzenager - I'll be baaaack!
I gotta try that brunch.