I came after running the Philadelphia Marathon last weekend.  Ehhhhh, not sure of this place.  I sat at the bar, and even though it wasn't busy by any means, it still took at least 5 minutes to get a freakin menu (and there were 2 people in and out of the bar).  I finally got a menu and it took a good 10 minutes just to order.  The bar tender kept skipping over me it felt like, even when I tried to get his attention.  I'm ordering food and alcohol, so come on.  
I got the burger and fries because it seemed like good post running food.  I asked for my meat well done because I like my meat killed, it came out still a little pink.  Food was ok but not anything that stuck out.  Definitely better places in Philadelphia to go toLast night I died and went to Gastro heaven.  Venturing in from the suburbs, we picked Ladder 15 for dinner.  I could not believe the menu.  Wonderful combinations, unusual ingredients and all served in an extremely cool venue.  The only reason I didn't give it the 5* was because the flyers game was on and, althought it wasn't packed, the noise was deafening.  'Nuff about my complaining.  
When I saw the ingredients in the Steak tartare, I had to try it because I knew whoever devised the recipe knew what they were doing.  It was truly the best I've eaten in years and the Cognac and the raw quail's egg were like gifts to the palette.   Mind you, if I had known just how good it was going to be, I think I would have ordered another one for my entree.  Instead I ordered the Potato & Goat Cheese cigars and a Roasted beet salad.  Both outstanding and I was glad to be able to congratulate David when he stopped by the table to chat.
My partner had the Rabbit Quesadilla, which was flavorful without being gamey.  He ordered the Burger 15 and I have to say this must have been one of the best burgers I've tasted, topped off with red wine marinated mushrooms, red onions and a tender short rib.
I don't get why Ansill features marrow so prevalently on the menu.  I had never tried it and was curious.  I found it to be gelatinous and bland.  Maybe I'm missing something.
Contrary to the experiences of others, the service was fine.
It was a 30 something crowd and tons of people on here have complained about their attitude.  However, their attitude, actual or perceived, would not prevent me for going back to try more items from this outstanding menu at this fab Gastro-pub.So I went to Ladder 15 after reading an article on Serious Eats about their Burger 15. Ribs and marrow on a burger? Sign me up. And of course, I've not a clue coming to this place so as a habit, I come to my trusty Yelp site to find out the drill. Seems like everybody has a story about this place on a negative note. I guess it's a blessing for me to not have been here when the chef was different or when it was its former self, because genuinely I did like the place.
I liked the firehouse/banker/lodge theme, I liked the hard wood floor and the black leather booths, I liked clean and roomy bathrooms and most of all, I liked the food. Given, I've only been here once and I only brought one friend and we're both not really that hungry Plus, the items on the menu is in the "trendy restaurant" price range and it doesn't make me feel like ordering everything on the menu but what we had was solid. 
The truffle fries were the best one I've had yet. Unlike the other ones, the flavor of the truffle really came through and it was awesome with the truffle mayo/tartar sauce, any acid/ketchup would have killed the flavor. Chicken Wings were also awe inspiring, you'd know it from the first bite. It's tender but lightly crispy with a sweetness from the caramelization, the juiciness from the meat, plus the creaminess of the avocado puree, the spiciness of hot sauce and the aroma from the green onion and crunchy sprouts on top. It's heaven in one bite.
Burger 15 was also great. I was calling it the ribs and marrow burger the whole time because I like the idea of having that. Build on a brioche bun, the burger patty is topped by a ragu of tender ribs meat and bone marrow with small cube of mushrooms to add a welcome toothy texture, and some onions for extra flavor. It's one of the juiciest burgers I've had yet and in a good way. Though I have to say the bottom brioche slice wasn't ready to handle all that bootiliciousness and became a bit soggy. Overall, It's interesting and well thought out food.
The staff was friendly enough and my waitress attentive enough, refilling my lemonade when I'm barely halfway done. Although I wished that she would have warned me about the fries that comes with the burger, since it's not printed on the menu. I wouldn't have ordered another bowl of fries and gone for the fried cauliflower. The prix is also not printed on the Prix Fixe menu, have I known about that I might have ordered that instead. So there a re a few front of the house thing that could be better. It could be crowded in here and the crowd could be a bit obnoxious. But since I like the place and the food, I'll bring a few friends back and do it all over again.I REALLY wanted to like this place, but it was not meant to be.
I ended up at Ladder 15 for a Friday night dinner and drinks as part of a group of four, and things got off to a great start.  We wandered in around 8:15 and were promptly seated.  The decor was extremely cool, and our booth seats and chairs were comfy enough to warrant comments.  The noise level and crowd were energetic, but not overwhelming.  The service through the evening can best be described as friendly but poor.
A first glance at the beer list looked promising with ~10 unique selections.  However, closer inquiry would reveal that they were out of two beers, two of the remaining 8 were fruit wheat beers, one of the remaining 6 was also a wheat beer, and so on...  Everyone in our group ended up settling for something less than thrilling.
The food menu led to similar high hopes with inspiration from so many different styles of cuisine - Korean tacos, enchiladas, burgers, yes please!  I even said "Wow, this menu is so diverse that I will be really impressed if they execute it well."  I was not to be impressed on that night.  Nothing tasted bad, but nothing was great.  Our table had the aforementioned Korean tacos and enchiladas, as well as a sad little chicken sandwich, and a salad of "field greens with pepitos, cider vinaigrette and roasted chicken" that translated into a $13 plate of bitter greens with 8 pumpkin seeds, and approximately 3 oz. of cold shredded chicken doused in a very tart dressing.  Fortunately, we also shared a basket of truffle fries that stood out as the tastiest part of the evening.  They also prevented us all from leaving hungry, as the portions of the meals were quite small.
Again - I REALLY wanted to like Ladder 15.  In fact, the atmosphere was almost cool enough to bump them up to 3 stars.  However, towards the end of our meal, I discovered the "atmosphere" included a giant, sharp bolt sticking out of one of our table's legs at precisely knee height.  When I told our waitress what happened (and asked for extra napkins to use for the bleeding), she was fully unconcerned.I was unaware of the no one under 23 rule until reading these reviews, and by the bros who were milling around the floor I don't think the age thing helps class the joint up! The drink I ordered was good, and I have previously eaten here - the plates are small but flavorful. I would like to give the place more stars, but the atmosphere is just - ugh!Ah-mazing food! Stopped by here for a quick dinner before a show at the Academy of Music and were quite pleasantly surprised by the amazing food! Started with the guacamole, which was freshly made and not from a jar. Then the tuna tartare - easily one of the best I've ever had. Large chunks of fresh red tuna in a delicious sauce, served with wontons. Would've been happy to stop there but then the Brussel sprouts came. Holy Molly! They are by far the best I have ever had and I make them myself - theirs put mine to shame! We didn't bother to have a drink, but the food will not disappoint. Also, our server was exceptional and another reason to go back.Pricey drinks, great music. Really really loud on Friday and Saturday nights. The bar is huge and great location in center city. It's mostly open space with very few high top tables.Crowded bar. I like the girls but it seems to like they dilute the drinks. I don't know how they get away with this. Must be something they do with the owners.Disclaimer: Only came here to drink at night.  Though as soon as I got on this page, a big photo of splooge on the bathroom wall popped up and, well, a place that inspires people to splooge in the bathroom just can't be all bad.
This is definitely a "new" place in Philadelphia.  New meaning it didn't exist when I lived here back in 2009.  Around $10 a drink, loud, no dance floor.  Really just a room full of white people yelling at each other over the music.  Not an attractive crowd either.  So expect to splooge alone in the bathroom.Service was good. Food was good. Atmosphere was decent.
Our server was very attentive and had our drinks/beers filled. They had fried cauliflower which was awesome. I also had a portobello and eggplant pressed sandwich was was delicious. It was just warm and loud in there. It is a trendy happy hour bar but I was sweating indoors :/Visited this place with my 15-year-old daughter for lunch as it was recommended to us for their great burgers. I would have no idea though because no one ever took our order. There were three tables including us. One table checked out as soon as we got there. The other table was a loud drunken group of guys. The hostess sat us, gave us menus and then I never saw her again. We waited 15 minutes and then bailed. Seems this place is really only good for bachelor and bachelorette parties.
*Update* - I revised my review because, while we did have an unfortunate experience, their social media manager reached out to me. She was very nice, explained what happened, and offered us some freebies if we return. In light of that, we'll give them another try next time we're in Philly.I would go here for drinks, but NEVER for food again. The service was good. They tried hard to fix an undercooked, over-garlicky flatbread and luke warm chicken that the manager admitted was reheated. Their attempts failed. They floated us a round of drinks, which was nice, but if they don't fix their kitchen, this place will close by the end of summer.
I received a message after posting this review from the manager and thought I would share it.
"I did not admit that the chicken was reheated... It is a roasted chicken that is cooked at the begining of the shift, it takes 45 minutes to cook it and would be impossible to cook for you to order.  I was trying to be nice and explain what was really going on.  Thank You"Simply Solid.
The service:
Came in, walked to a table, 2 mins later a waitress was ready to take our order. Now she was very helpful, made some recommendations which was great. Here's a crucial part of serving someone, always smile! It is always nice to see a friendly face. 
The food:
We had the hummus plate which was awesome and I had ordered the roasted chicken sandwich and a side salad. Now the chicken was a bit on the drier side but the rabe really helps maintain some moisture so your sandwich isn't dry. Other than that, it was a solid meal, no complaints. 
I would definitely go back here, it was a very calm place to go for dinner and drinks, I wouldn't go in expecting too much, just standard bar food. You get exactly what you're looking for at ladder 15Ladder 15 has tons of potential but a lot of kinks to work out.  We had a hair in our hush puppies and our waitress was unattentive at best.  At least three times we had to raid the next table for silverware and plates.  When we pointed out the hairy hush puppy, she grabbed just that one off the pile and we had to actually ask her to take back the entire dish for another round.
I liked the layout but could see the place getting nuts for happy hour. Tuesday night at 7 PM was very chill.  Plenty of TVs to watch the Phils.
The food (except for hairy food) was quite good.  The Buffalo Sytle Lollipops and short rib quesadillas were both VERY good.  The Roast Pork sandwich was big but $11 for roast pork?  The Hook and Ladder Irish Ale was a highlight.  The Seared Tuna oversalted.  
To cap it off, 6 of us wanted to split $150 bill onto different credit cards.  The waitress screwed up again and basically forced a few of us into paying cash.  Standard process a waitress needs to have down cold that just added to the annoyance.  
I'll definitely go back for a 2nd chance...probably because it's a block from my apartment.I have not attempted to come here on the weekend, but happy hour during the week is decent.  I went with a big group of co-workers.  They gave us a few tables in the front by the windows so everyone was able to store their coats and few people sat down.  The draft list was good, and there was a special on a few of the cocktails.  The waitress was very attentive, and the drinks came quickly.Stopped in here New Years afternoon, having never heard of it, on advice of a local hipster, who called it a "must stop" for eye candy and crowds.  Holy s***. Line down the block through a very orderly bouncer station.  Inside, cavernous ceilings.  Modern cool interior.  Just drank from a solid selection of tap micro-brews, but food looked very good.   I'd say:  beer stop. While forging my path to the bar, a bunch of nice chics made way for us to move through, chatted us up right away.  I get the attraction.  Food, only if your under 30 and don't mind eating in what feels like a subway station.  No criticism - just personal preference.  Too many good food spots in neighborhood.  Hard to see how anyone would really be "warm and cozy" or "cool and comfortable" eating here.We stopped by for dinner around 6 pm before it got too busy but there were still bouncers at the door. Based on my only meal, I can honestly say the BURGER 15 is the best burger I've ever had. The Burger 15 has Ragu of Short Rib, Mushrooms, Onions, Marrow, Truffle Sauce. Never before has a burger melted in my mouth so deliciously. 
Before the burger I had the chicken wings as an appetizer. They weren't your typical wings, they consisted of Spicy Chili Sauce, Jalapeno Avocado Puree, Peanuts. They were delightful with a kick. 
My only downside was the desserts. But this isn't the type of place you really go for dessert.Went to a fundraiser for happy hour yesterday. It was pretty decent. There were $5 dollar mixed drink specials that were surprisingly boozy. The food was OK. All fried appetizers. The winner was the fried mac and cheese squares. I could eat dozens of those.
I really like the ambiance of Ladder 15. They had a fire going and the lighting is pretty dim. Makes for a cozy happy hour with your friends.Ok I only come here late night, but the best part of this bar is the bathrooms. They have really clean bathrooms which is impressive in a bar where people are getting drunk, throwing up, spilling etc. Stupid yes, appreciated very much so.
Some nights I hate humanity when I am here...there are too many people...if God wanted me to be that cramped he would have made me an ant and made me live in an ant colony.
Go to the top floor, there are fewer people and the bartenders are very responsive to the fact you need alot of drinks to stomach the fact that enough people to fill a small European nation are on the ground floor.If you are looking for a step up from a relaxing bar scene and wanting to dance a bit this is the place for you.  Drinks are alright nothing special but there are tons of people in this place.I went to Ladder 15 recently as part of a group celebration (much thanks to Matthew Fletcher for making sure we were taken care of).
I was able to try several menu items and was impressed with each. The polenta fries were warm and appetizing, the goat cheese cigars were unique (in a good way), and the classic burger was cooked exactly to my liking.
The draft beer selection was high quality (which means it might run expensive at regular hours). I particularly liked the inclusion of Sly Fox stout, which went well with my burger.
Thanks to the staff at Ladder 15 for the specials and service we received, I will definitely recommend it to friends looking for a higher-tier bar experience.Happy hour is OK but very crowded.  Bartenders are not very attentive.  Better, less crowded options are just around the corner.I went to Ladder a lot when I first moved to Philly, have tried to not go so much anymore. I think I am a bit old for the crowd. Feels very jersey shore meets college. Although it is so close and if I want to go out dancing I usually hit it up. I have had a lot of fun here, so it is definitely worth checking out. Just be prepared to wait in line, barely be able to move downstairs and be constantly grabbed upstairs when trying to dance as a young female. If you are into that kind of an evening then the place is for you! Just be forewarned it gets very sweaty and crowded and you will be spilled on at least once or twice. So leave the good shoes at home. 
They do have a pretty good happy hour which is worth checking out and their food has always been pretty good.Five star review for my service and atmosphere. The bartender Claire was unbelievable to my and my friends out for a batchlor party.  No we did get free drinks but even while in a slammed packed bar she always was with us within 30 seconds. Great job Claire great service and great talking with you!Truly annoyed that places like this get all low star reviews. 
Its a sports bar. Which means bar food. Bar food isn't salads and smoothies, its deep fried, needs ketchup and needs to be shared. 
Me and two others split about 4 plates. Everything was delicious and naturally we overate. My fit-bit tells me I have 10k steps, so I guess I can justify fried everything. I was here on either a Sunday or a Monday late afternoon and it was kind of slow. Probably due to some of the poor reviews. But give this place a break, it may not be the best in Philly, but it's just fine!It's hard to stand out in the middle of Center City Philadelphia given the sheer number of (good) restaurants and bars, but Ladder 15 does a pretty good job. We host events for work here often, which we did this past Tuesday evening, because they are incredibly accommodating (read: don't charge us for space) and because the food is stellar. 
We had a group of ~25 people here on Tuesday night, where people could take advantage of happy hour specials ($5 house wine and beer). We ordered quesadillas, truffle fries, and the cheese and hummus plates, and everything was really great (like, literally, my team talks for days before these events about wanting their quesadillas). The ambiance of the place is more upscale casual to me, there are some TVs and a crowd of mostly business professionals and work dates on a week night grabbing a drink and dinner. 
I haven't been here on a weekend in years, so don't know how different it is then, but for after work drinks and food, this is your place!We stopped in here after some good breweries in Philly. We are all older guys in our late 20s early 30s, but wanted a good club to check out. We walked past here, looked good so we went on in.  I had a 4 pack I had purchased from a brewery and obviously was told I couldn't bring it in...makes sense I didn't argue. But the door man, manager maybe, let me put it at the Host stand which was very nice. We ended up drinking there for a good 2 hours, GREAT music and a good crowd.  They made my brother take his hat off which indicates they like a respectful crowd who dress well no problems there.  My only complaint is the prices of the drinks. I got a vodka/water which had some type of lime juice in it I didn't enjoy and it was 9$ for a small glass.  So I switched to bottled beer which was 7$ each for a Dogfish head. The prices aren't OUTRAGEOUS NYC style prices but I didn't want to keep drinking all night even though I did.  Plus at the end of the night my beer was missing, and while being kicked out since they were closing two of the guys basically said "o well" but the same manager from earlier popped in and seemed to actually want to help and he found it behind the bar where someone was storing it for safe keeping.  Good customer service, good music, expensive drinks but I would highly recommend this place for people in their 20s to have a good time at, but unfortunately I'm 30 now and I like more chill places.This was my first time here and definitely won't be my last! The bartender AJ was wonderful and very attentive!I have been using Yelp for a long time and never felt more obligated to write a review than I do now that I have eaten at Ladder 15.  I was concerned when I saw the huge expanse of a dining room with a decent amount of tables occupied and not a single server in sight.  I think I caught one resetting a table over in the corner but he certainly didn't acknowledge me.  After 10 minutes I saw someone and literally flagged them down, seriously wondering if table service existed.  Long story short, once that server knew I was there everything was fine.  I have no complaints whatsoever about service - I was well taken care of.   
The food?  My issues with the food are minor and totally fixable but they did ruin my meal.   I ordered a spinach salad that looked horrid.  Slimy, wilted leaves of green slathered in what tasted like plain old vinegar and oil and that's it.   The vinegar was so strong the half rotting leaves so drenched in oil... that dish came out of a professional kitchen?  The server seemed almost sad to serve it and graciously offered to remove it from my bill when he noticed I wasn't eating it.  Next I had a fresh crabmeat and mango type of salad.  It would have been delicious however it was served on a "Himalayan salt block" and after 60 seconds on that thing all you could taste was salt.  The most overpowering salty salt you can imagine.  Crab is a subtle, sweet and fragile ingredient - this dish was inedible after 3 minutes on my plate and I even went so far as to slide the food off the "block" and onto a side dish to save it but to no avail - couldn't even finish it and I LOVE crab.  The truffle fries were good, I enjoyed them no problems.I was apart of an event at ladder 15 and while I was there I was disturbed by over hearing one of the bartenders claiming he was too high to do his job. Later he said that he couldn't believe that he had to be here for this "bullshit party". I come to find out after that he was a manager. I would not want to further deal with this "manager." The rest of the staff was very pleasant but this "gentlemen" was far from the rest.Showed up on Friday night around 11:30ish (not so much voluntarily, I should add)
Definitely is a club-like atmosphere including a lot of drunk people, quite a few douchey guys, and girls in the shortest and tightest dresses you've ever seen. No problems with service or drinks though (which almost makes me want to give them one more star...almost). 
This place is really not my scene. Not to say that it couldn't be yours. I'm sticking with dive bars. I'd much rather dance at the Trestle Inn.I was scheduled to be in town for a conference. My company wanted to do an event to entertain some customers. After contacting and getting information from several venues, I chose Ladder 15. I am so glad we did. Victoria was the event coordinator for our event. She was great to work with from the beginning. She was upfront about all of the options. We had a private party on the third floor with food and an open bar. All of our guests said it was great time. Victoria was present to make sure everything went well, and our bartender John was as good as it gets. I'm sure this place would be good as well for a casual night out with friends or just to watch a game. For our client entertainment, though, it was perfect.Nice decor, cool vibe.  The service was just okay but the food was amazing.  The nachos, grilled wings and brussel sprouts were all really good.Man, why so much hate? We were here for Happy Hour, some snacks and drinks - we sat at the bar, noticed that the spot was fairly empty (sure it was a Tuesday, but Happy Hour is Happy Hour) and there was an up-swing of yuppies hanging in a few dark corners. But we had a great time, a knowledgeable bar tender, and the most comfortable bar chairs I've ever put my butt on. That's right, I'm talking about the seating - I've never ever done that in a post before, so trust me, they were comfty. 
We had the AVOCADO & CHIPS - Spicy Jalapeno, Mole Poblano and the DUCK ENCHILADAS - Mole Poblano, Monteray Jack. Both were tasty. Not the most fantastic dishes ever, but really fun and solid. The guy next to us had the burger and I nearly stabbed him with a toothpick to get to it. We'll be back.I was so excited to try their burgers after one of the managers gave us a hard sale when my boyfriend and I walked buy (originally heading towards Nodding Head). So props to manager with a good sales pitch. Unfortunately after trying both burgers they had to offer, we were left pretty unimpressed.
Classic Burger ($10, w/ cheese $11; not bad)
- Prime sirloin, on a brioche bun.
- WAY too charred for my tastes.
- Pickle on the side made me happy though :)
Burger 15 ($18; not worth it)
- Prime sirloin, braised short rib, red wine mushrooms, grilled red onion, bone marrow, with a truffle sauce.
- Bone marrow was still in the bone, it was very hot and hard to get out.
- Sounds better than it tasted...
Truffle Fries ($6)
- Truffle mayo.
- Yummy.
All in all, I wouldn't come back. But for those who like a nice charred burger than definitely try this place!Balls to the wall happy hours filled with suits and skirts from every high rise within a five block radius. Married men flirting with disasters and half willing women with hope chests in tow. This is the pond where retired fishermen come to fish and the fish come to feast, nibbling on sweet nothings and promises of fastuous rituals of courtship that disengage themselves just as quickly from the lips that released them.
We found our own table, at the request of our server, makeshift hostess, who wore a pretty black dress, tight in all the right areas, and then some. Her head bopped up and down as she spoke, a slight urgency lived somewhere in her tone, as her eyes darted to the table of patrons to our left. The table we chose rocked, an alternating seesaw of elbows shifting back and forth. Across from me, her expression tightened. The half smile she brought with her pursed outward as apprehension rippled across her face. I grabbed her drink as it edged closer, returning it back to the center of the table. After all, I was her sun, her moon, the stars that painted her velvet sky, bringing tender absolution to her restless soul.
Oh yeah, the food was okay. I found the roast pork and provolone cheese egg roll a tad bit bland. A generous helping of the included horseradish cream should remedy that. Cheers.First off, yesterday it was 90 degrees and they have ceiling fans and no central air.  Secondly, they had 2 people at the bar and us (4 top) at lunchtime (1pm), where are the patrons?  There's an upstairs, maybe it was jam packed full of people.  I don't think so, but anything is possible. 
The server, whose name I didn't get because he didn't tell us, was so blasé  that I wanted to go to the store, buy him a cot and let him take a nap or get him a redbull or something.  Seriously, it's 1pm and you have NO CUSTOMERS act like you give a fuck.  
My knife had Nickolodeanesque green slime on it.  The server kinda shrugged and got me a new one, barely apologized.  I'm sorry, I didn't request Chernobyl radiation on my fucking cutlery, apologize profusely.  Had I not been with my boss I would have actually asked him what his problem was, alas, I had to pretend that I'm not a snobby bitch. 
The only redemption was the food.  The side salad was great and so were the fries.  The flank steak sandwich was good, healthy portions.  As I type this I'm rethinking my 3 stars.  The food wasn't any better than what I could get on a lunch truck in Love Park for probably less.  I'll keep it at 3 stars just because I didn't pay for it.  Had I paid for it that server would have made it drop to 1 star.  
Seriously, male server that worked downstairs on June 25th with the curly hair.  If you were lethargic because some major tragedy occured the previous night that had you up all night with your dog/mom/grandfather/hamster then you get a pass.  Otherwise, you need to buy some redbull and a personality STAT.
I just got this message about this review and I wanted to address it:
The HEAT will make anybody lethargic! Cut the guy some slack. Sounds like the boss is too cheap to put in air conditioning. I could never work in conditions like that, never. And then try to be pleasant on top of that? No way. Don't blame the waiter, blame the boss.
My response to this message:
Everyone has worked somewhere that has had shitty conditions.  If you haven't, I'm happy for you, honestly.  However, you work in a position that pays less than $3/hr and your primary source of income is the generosity of strangers based upon how well you do your job.    I used to bartend, have drunk assholes harrassing me and I KEPT SMILING, because that drunk asshole may just leave a hefty tip or just not realize that he put a $20 in my jar not a dollar.  Be hot and lethargic and sulky on your own time, don't let me see it.  Granted, if the boss doesn't have central air, he's an abusive idiot and you shouldn't work there anyway.  
s/n: I was comfortable with just the ceiling fan, it wasn't oppressive.  The people I was with don't take as kindly to places sans ac, that was my main reason for mentioning it.I've been to Ladder 15 a few times for happy hour and it's always crowded, so they must be doing something right. Last night I went to Ladder 15 for Center City Sips happy hour and had a really good time. The people checking IDs at the door were very nice, the drinks were tasty, the bartenders were friendly, and the company was great. I ordered all three of their Sips cocktail specials: the Cherry water ice, which had cherry pop rocks in it, the Southern Tea, sweet tea vodka and iced tea, Crazy Water, limon vodka, club and lemons, and the Mango Sansom, which reminded me of a mai tai or bay breeze with Malibu mango, pineapple juice, and fruit punch? All were very yummy and at $4 each it was a steal. I didn't have any food this time around, but their truffle fries are awesome!The only thing I like about this bar is the neat ceiling fans.  Other than that, I hate this place with a burning passion and have no idea why anyone would want to wait in line on a weekend to pay a $5 cover for an already crowded bar when there are so many other good establishments in the area.   
Drinks are way overpriced, patrons are douchey, food is pretty bland.
Go anywhere else!  You'll thank me later.Good burger. Nothing else.
Yards is $6. I'm pretty sure you can throw a stone to the brewery. Figured they were categorizing it as "craft beer" so they could get away with that price so ordered a generic water beer (Amstel light) and to my surprise, $6.Let's not beat around the bush - if Ladder 15 is crowded, DON'T GO INSIDE. All of my experiences with Ladder nightlife have been overshadowed by the unsavory masses of untucked shirt douchery. You do not want to be associated with these people...
That being said, it's a whole different world when going to Ladder for their Happy Hour. It's not crowded, the booths are comfortable, the drink selection is great, the specials are pretty good, and the food is decent. 
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 3
Drinks: 4
Decor: 5
Service: 4
Wild card: Flying Fish Exit 4!Forget about Restaurant Week, Ladder 15's Tuesday night 4-course $20 prix fixe meal is the best deal in town!  We went there on Feb 8th, and the bronzino w/ mushroom entree is worth $20 alone!I'm a fan of this place when I'm headed out for the night . There is a decent happy hour here as well, but it will get packed past 5:30pm - so get their early if you want to get some apps and find an open table. 
Staff is decent, especially if you're there with a group, and there is a good selection for draft/bottle beers and everything you want as far as liquor goes. DJ maybe reluctant to play your favorite 80s jam, but music is good otherwise ;)I went in for Happy Hour with a group of friends, and it took about 20 minutes for the waitress to order our drinks. We should have ordered food at that time because it took another 20 minutes for the drinks to come out, and it wasn't that busy at all. Next time we will try a different place in Center City.Went here for lunch. The portions are a great size and the prices are even better. The wait staff know when you need something and they do not bother you when you are eating or on a business lunch etc. 
The food tasted great. I cant wait to be back to try more things from their menu!Went there once for Center City Sips.  It was nice starting off, but then the place became overly crowded with the financial types. 
The drinks were amazing though.  If you're going for happy hour or Sips, be sure to get there a little early in order to get a seat!Yesterday, after being in this establishment all day to get a good spot for the Super Bowl, I was KICKED OUT for using "the wrong bathroom". There are restrooms on three floors, some of which are gender neutral and apparently some that are not. With absolutely no warning WHATSOEVER, I was pulled from the bathroom and physically escorted down the stairs and thrown out. I had to BEG and PLEAD to even be allowed to get my coat or close my tab. I tried desperately to explain that it was a simply mistake! Not to mention, the ENTIRE City of Philadelphia has a gender-neutral bathroom policy!! It's not enough to say that I will never come back because clearly they don't care about their patrons, will humiliate you and kick you out for absolutely no reason. They treated me like I had committed some awful crime when it I simply went into the wrong stall AFTER another woman held the door open for me. Please use caution!!!Ladder 15 is luckier than walking under 13 ladders...in the most hipster ironic way possible. Ladder 15 also convinced me that Yelpers often have 0 idea of what they're yapping about (much love Yelp ;) ). 
If you're looking for some serious bar food with some seriously good flavor, texture and fun, then Ladder 15 ought to be your go-to gastropub. It's got a decent beer selection, as any pub should, but it's also got that shiny feel...It's like a new car. Ladder 15 is clean, spacious and the perfect venue for eating dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon.
If you come here, you must get the poke tacos. Poke, an indigenous Hawaiian dish, is quite difficult to find on the mainland...and it's quite impressive when little chunks of raw tuna are interspersed with cubes of avocado, seasoned and placed delicately in a crispy taco shell. Discard the shell if you're more into healthy things. 
The truffle fries are amazing. They arrive at your table in a ceramic boat, so large that you'll question your ability to polish the white clean. No worries, as soon as one of those juicy fries coated in just enough truffle oil to offer the essence of fine dining, you'll be sure of your stomach's ability to stretch beyond capacity.There are a handful of bars I avoid like the plague and Ladder 15 had always been a part of that list...without me ever stepping through the doors. The line outside was telling enough. I know myself, and I know I prefer cozy, quiet, dark bars.
And while, yes, Ladder 15 is dark, it's absolutely the opposite of cozy.
My introduction came on Halloween, and I felt like I was a few years too old to be in there. Fortunately, we all found a place near the side of the downstairs bar and stayed there for the duration of our visit. I've now become acquainted with the angry ball (?) drink -- angry orchard with a shot of fireball, on special that night. It wasn't bad. Also, the bartender was super quick, so there's the extra star.
Will I go back? Only if necessary. Will I like it? Doubtful.WOW! I want to start by congratulating the staff at Ladder 15 on their exemplary customer service. My fiancé and I partied here for New Year's Eve and from the moment we arrived, we were treated like gold. We had never been here before, but we purchased regular tickets for $120 each which included an open bar from 9pm-2am, DJ entertainment, a champagne toast at midnight, New Years Eve favors, and hors d'oeuvre-style food. We were the first two people to arrive and it was well before 9, but they let us in anyway. We chatted up the bartenders who were all extremely friendly. Before the crowds started coming in, a man came up to us who I presume was a manager and told us that the coat check was upstairs. We stayed at one area of the main bar for most of the night and my Cosmos were made perfectly. My water was refilled without me having to ask. The food was delicious. When the bartender who had been taking care of us most of the night saw us getting a little flustered at the crowd and having drinks spilled on us, she suggested we try the upstairs bar or the back bar. She then had one of the bouncers escort us to the back bar where it was much less crowded. The bartenders here were a friendly couple who chatted with us and remembered us being the first people to arrive. To top it off, when everyone else got their champagne in plastic glasses, we got ours in glass champagne flutes. All of these little details truly made us feel like royalty, and we didn't pay any extra money for the VIP tickets. This is how you get return customers. Will definitely be checking this place out in the future.I went here for weeknight drinks/dinner with some young urban professional friends, and it was just fine for that. 
The space is yet another example of that fancied-up industrial decor that so many restaurants favor, but it is done really well, with the wall full of rocks and pretty chandeliers. It's spacious and open, and on a Tuesday, not crowded at all. Our waitress was attentive and friendly.
The beer and wine lists are both small and average, but they do have Hook & Ladder and Leffe Brown on draft. All the cocktails seemed to be of the sugary dessert-themed ilk...not my cup of liquor.
Vegetarians have things to choose from here, including pierogies, fries and edamame for sides, and a stack of baby grilled cheese sandwiches, a mushroom BLT knockoff, and Marathon-esque "put what you want on it" salad in the "big plate" category. We ordered a bunch of things to share, and it was all solid 3 stars good - nothing mind-blowing, but nothing off, either. 
I enjoyed the pierogies, which came dressed up with tarragon (I will be trying this again at home) and stacked high for curb appeal.The 3 stars are strictly for the food. My girlfriend and I stopped there after yoga and decided to split a salad and nachos . We sat at the bar and It took a good 5 to 10 min for the waiter to come and take our order. My friend asked for a coke and water and i just wanted water. The waiter came back with two cokes and a water.. First fail. Then we ordered our food and it literally took 25 min to come.. Dies it really take that long to make nachos and salad.. I don't think so. When the food finally came, the presentation was appetizing and the food tasted pretty good. The nachos had plenty of ingredients and the chips stayed crispy which i liked. The salad presentation was very interesting. 
Overall bad service but pretty good food. I wouldnt go out of my way for this place but might eventually give it another shot.Friendly atmosphere and a nice selection of beer on tap. Delicious Grilled chicken, fish tacos  and bbq chicken pizza.   
This unique place is worth your time and I expect to go back as I heard they have a fantastic happy hours
No busboys present when we attended so I cannot opine on this aspect of the restaurant.I've been here a few times for Happy Hour since it opened, and this place is a scene.  There was a nice age range of people there, and you can't beat the $2 Blue Moon's on the Sips menu.  
Service was okay, a little slow, and yet our waitress asked us not to go to the bar - when it was right behind us! - to get our drinks.  Then pick up the pace, lady!
Now that David Ansill is the chef there, I am curious to try the food.
And I have found it the most fun, when the upstairs is open.Truffle fries were fresh and tasty but the dip served with them was cold and gelatinous, yuck.  I had a salad, which was also good, I liked that you could choose your salad components.  The other two in my group also liked their food. 
If it were not for the crappy service this place would have earned another star from me.  Inattentive waitress did not check on us at all during dinner and was pushy in getting us to leave; so pushy we opted not to get another round of drinks.  
After giving our credit card to pay, a few minutes later we were flippantly told their credit card machine was down and we will have to pay cash or write down our credit card info to be charged at a later time (which the waitress referred to as "ghetto style").  
I definitely echo the sentiments of other reviews about the crowd - seemed to be an after work pickup bar.   Not a place we are likely to patronize again.If I like Ladder 15, does that make me a yuppie scumbag?  Of course not. 
I don't understand this blind hatred for Ladder.  Yes, the food used to be crap and the drinks were sugary and uninspired. Despite this, Ladder is always crowded from happy hour through last call.  Now that they are firmly financially successful, the owners have called in a new chef, David Ansill, to rehab the menu of upscale bar food.  
Burger with truffle aioli and bone marrow, polenta fries, lamb empanadas -- this is not just gastropub, it's David Ansill!  He's a professional Francophile who is obsessed with food, dudes.  You are not going to have a bad meal here with David on duty.  
The beer and cocktail lists were also re-done as of April 2010.  There's about ten craft taps representing local, US and European beers and they are knocked down to $3 during happy hour.  Hello, beer geeks !
I personally think its fashionable to bash Ladder because people are so eager to have something easy to hate, like the yuppie-white-hat post-college crowd.  You are not the things you hate, you're not the things you love, either -- no matter how little identity you actually possess.This place was really underwhelming. It has a really cool exterior and the interior was just as exquisite. Naturally, we had high expectations. We got our menus and we're disappointed to know that a lot of the few beers in tap were already gone,  and the food offering was really limited. One of our beers was flat and we ended up paying full price, not happy hour which we'd arrived for. I got a Caesar salad and the lettuce was roasted and the dressing was gross. Thank God I ordered shrimp, because I wouldn't have been able to eat it otherwise. The only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one was because our waitress was really nice.Really liked the atmosphere. The fish and chips were excellent. I really enjoyed the tartar sauce. It had a special twist.Jordon C. Is right, they have some beautiful women and a lot of meatheads staring at them. The bar is fairly large and seemed to have a good crowd, however when I order a vodka tonic, I want a VODKA-tonic, not a tonic-vodka. I also ordered a water, I watched the bartender pour it, and it was water, what I couldn't figure out is why it smelled and tasted like cherries (dirty glass I am assuming- hoping actually).Went here for happy hour with some friends. Drinks were reasonable for Center City and the service was quick and friendly. I had some food, which was surprisingly tasty.  The fries were excellent and came with a nice spicy sauce.
Happy hour wasn't too crowded, though I understand this place turns into a douche-breeding nightclub after dark. I didn't stay that late, so I can't say anything about lines and covers or crowds. Not a bad spot but nothing fantastic. I may go again for happy hour, but won't make a special trip.After dining here, I swore I'd never return. Fortunately,a friend was having a going away party there, so I came back. The place was fun, the service, great, and the drinks were yummy. So I've changed my rating and hope the place keeps getting better.Open spaces. Great beers.  Friendly staff.  We had a group dinner and just ate at the bar tables by the window.  Casual and cool. Waiter recommended the burger with mozz, basil and tomato.  I wasn't that hungry and was afraid of getting the typical football-size bar burger.  Not so.  Coarse cut beef burger was excellent and not too big.  Not small but you can eat it all trust me you will want to. 
Very good atmosphere and place.I went here for happy hour and it was okay. We got some standard beers (which you really can't go wrong with) and ordered some Mac and cheese to share - which was also pretty standard. The customer service was a little lacking. It took a while to get the server's attention. The area is nice though, featuring multiple levels with ample space. I would call this a pretty standard pub, without the bells and whistles.I was in here for the first time for a happy hour and I had a great time. Given it was a specially arranged happy hour for a group of friends and given we did know someone on the staff which probably helped us get a good deal of attention. But I genuinely enjoyed this place. The happy hour deal is a steal when you consider some of their specialty drinks are 12+ dollars normally and $6 bucks during HH which is a great deal. I wish there was more food on special, I think that would really help flesh it out. 
The space itself is gorgeous. Spaciously spread over 2 floors, lovely wood and metal combo which I really though was appealing. We had a bunch of the bar snacks and they were all delicious, I also split a burger with a friend and it was a quality burger- I don't eat red meat really often, so when I do, it has to be like amazing and cooked exactly medium well or I just can't do it. This was exactly executed the way I would have wanted it, with blue cheese topping it- it was a grand burger indeed. 
From looking at the other reviews, it definitely seems like it depends on when you go what kind of service you get, but from my one experience it was definitely a great time and I would return in the future.This review is just for the food/beer part of Ladder 15:
Maybe Yelp should add Ladder 15 (David Ansill version) and give the place a fresh start. I never ate at Ladder pre-Ansill, but I've been there recently and the food was really good. Got the burger, it was awesome. They also make some pretty sweet Tacos. They have a great rotating beer draft menu and you can make your own flights, which is pretty amazing. I still don't love the set-up inside, though... but I'd eat here again for sure.Decent place to spend a weekend night- I enjoy the multiple levels and the open space. I also enjoy that it's always hopping because sometimes the point of going out- is meeting lots of new people!Ladder 15 gets pretty busy late night. It is a scene, really crowded, really happening. Drinks are reasonably priced. It makes for a fun evening out if you are ready for a crowded party.Living only a few blocks from this place I really wish this place was a bit better. My first experience there was overall very positive, good soup, good burger. My second experience however was much worse. My fiancee ended up having some issues with her meal and even though they comped our meal I don't think I will be trying this place again.This place is not as bad as I thought it would be. After walking by many times on my way to other bars, I was always struck by how trashy and douchey the crowd looked out front of Ladder. The interior is well laid out with a bar in the back and a large one spanning the entire right side of the bar. There were also tables to sit and an established dance floor in the middle. This place offers you the club dancing in a non club atmosphere. That is what I found most appealing. It was also fairly easy to approach girls in this place; however, the talent was not first rate the night I went (last Saturday). I will certainly go again, but it will be at the end of the night when I'm really drunk and just looking to close. ABC...The food is too expensive, and mine was cold to boot.  $12 for a buger, on toast, no fries: i'm sorry but that's a non starter.
The place is nice and clean, and the staff is super nice, but the food was pretty poor.
They did just open, so I'll given them another shot in a month or two to see if they've worked the kinks out.Watched Game 4 of the Flyers/Montreal series there.  Not crowded at all, lots of big screen tvs to watch it.
Nice beer selection on tap.  No light beers on tap, FYI.
Our bartender was GREAT.  I ordered a soda+cran that he kept refilled all afternoon.  I've been to bars that treated me like crap for not ordering an alcoholic drink, but this guy was very cool about it (I'm talking to you Smiths).  Kept drinks flowing for my friends that were imbibing, and offered samples of brews for them to try.
The truffle fries were ridiculously good.  Thicker than 500 degrees a few doors down, and seriously worlds better.  The truffle butter thing on the side was also amazing.
The beer battered rock shrimp was not as good -- kinda fishy tasting (I know, I know, it's seafood, but still, I was expecting it to taste more shrimpy and less fishy).  Just kinda "eh", nothing amazing, like the rock shrimp appetizer at Morimoto.  Of course I probably wouldn't have watched a hockey game there, so it's an unfair comparison.
Also had the portobello sandwich -- very tasty.  I didn't miss the meat.The food is good, but regular prices are wack! We went for Center City Sips, so I was able to try the truffle flatbread and buffalo lollipops for half the price. Didn't care too much for the lollipops, but the flatbread was freakin' amazing! We also ordered truffle fries, grilled cheese shortstack, and the crab and corn hush puppies.
Thank goodness they have the Sips specials going on year-round.Meh, needs a better beer selection. I guess if you want a fancy schmancy loud bar to hang out in, this would be fine. But outside the $4 beer specials (happy hour?), I prob wouldn't come back again.
The place is pretty though? Just not my type of bar with the loud crowds.I've only ever been here for lunch - but it's pretty good.  It's usually pretty empty for lunch which is fine by me after reading all these stories about the supposed usual nighttime clientele. 
The food is pretty good.  I've had the short rib sandwich which was yummy (a little too heavy for lunch, but that's my mistake).  The gazpacho was great last time.  The tuna sandwich was a little blah but ok.  My friend had the tomatok, pesto and mozzarella flat bread which I stole some bites of and was great.  The cocktails are yummy but on the smallish side.  
Great lunch spot overall.  Maybe I'll try dinner/later on, but that cover charge and Wharton a$$hole overload are not making it sound tempting...Good for groups.
It would be good-er if the DJ played music we could dance to.
it would be good-est if the people danced at all.Went for center city sips to try something new. Drinks were super weak. The cherry water ice also didn't come with the candy garnish and when I asked if it was missing something, was told that's how it comes. Cheese curds honestly tasted like the mac and cheese bites at Sheetz... definitely not cheese curds :( fries were okay, though not crispy, and the mayo on the side was pretty coldI've been here on two occasions; one for a happy hour event on the third floor, the other for late night dancing.  
HH Event: I had to eat first and got the Spinach Salad with Chicken.  It was decent and nothing really to complain about.  Plenty of chicken, greens, and other good stuff.  The Strawberry White Wine dressing was different, but definitely worked in an odd way.  
The event was good and the bartender seemed to be on point.  No complaints. 
Late Night:  This place gets PACKED!!  The drinks get expensive, but the DJ is decent and if you can find a place to dance, then it's a good time.  They really shouldn't let so many people in.
The place is fine if you are in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't seek it out.We accidentally came across this place as we were looking for a place to watch NFL red zone. This place happened to have it although when my boyfriend asked if it was possible to turn sound on the bartender (John) said only for Eagles games. Nbd. It wasn't a huge ordeal so we stayed and ordered food. I was hesitant on ordering after reading negative reviews but my burger and his buffalo chicken sandwich came out pretty reasonable (nothing to write home about though). Our bartender was nice but not overly friendly. We actually were the only ones there besides another table which the bartender seemed to know. Another patron walked in and was obviously a regular and was occupying the bartender with some lengthy conversations which is fine but it seemed to distract him from our wanting to order more. About halfway into the game ( not halftime yet though) another group came in which the bartender also seemed to know pretty well. Clearly this a place for regulars. They had asked the same  question about the sound for the game and instantly the bartender turned it on for them. We were so confused and pretty offended so we left (after waiting 20 minutes to close out) 
Lesson learnedJust what we need - another expensive bar downtown that has mediocre food and charges too much.  
First of all, the happy hour only goes until 6p and at that, you can only get the happy hour prices at the bar, not at the high-top tables.  Second, they are unbelievably punctual about the happy hour ending at 6p - I think I ordered a drink at 5:56 that didn't come until 6p and it was a decidedly non-happy hour price.
Second, the drinks are expensive.  There are so many places in town that serve great drinks, do we really need one that charges $6 for a local beer, $7 for wine and $9 for mixed drinks?   
Finally, the food.  Don't even get me started on this.  Do we really need fancy names and fancy prices for regular bar food?  Truffle Fries with aoli for $8 = french fries; mac and cheese croquette with stewed tomato for $8 = deep fried mac and cheese; a warm pretzel with corned beef, greyere, and warm country mustard for $10 = a pretzel.  C'mon!  You can get a pretzel down the street for $1!  
To be fair, the space is nice looking with hardwood floors and lots of tv's for game watching.
Bottom line: don't bother - it isn't worth it.Came here after happy hour at another location down the street. At best, it was OK. The best thing about it was I was able to get a really large pour of wine for only $5. It was not very busy, but maybe that was because it was a Tuesday night. I did not eat the food, so I cannot comment on the happy hour specials.I came here to meet some friends on a Saturday night.  I waited on line for 30 minutes, which was annoying.  What's worse, the place was PACKED wall to wall so it was impossible to move around.  Sure, that means it's a popular place.  But I just found it all very obnoxious.  The music was ok, the drinks were satisfactory.  There are better places to party in Philly.Came here after Made in America on Sunday, and I loved the crowd!
The music was mehhhh... But I was coming off of seeing some live artists with an energetic crowd. The drinks were pretty cheap... 5 shots of fireball for $30! Not too bad! I'd come here... till next time Philly!Eh. 
best I can say to be honest is eh.  Food is eh, beer is beer, drinks are pricey and watered.  Been to a few happy hours here and honestly there are better options on this block.i gotta say i loved this place!!! i went with 2 other folks last saturday around 8pm. it wasn't crowded, so i guess this was a good thing to begin with. 
our server (courtney, i believe) was excellent - very attentive and smiling. the beer selection isn't extensive, but it is a great selection. they may have miller lite, but this is not the reason to go to ladder 15. the mad elf is amazing!! and the food was tasty!! i definitely recommend the sloppy jose. 
can't wait to go back, but it sounds like i should avoid happy hour...Wow, this place is a good time. Enjoy the roominess and fireplace. Good place for groups and a relaxing spot to watch sports. This is a clean open space that welcomes guests. Food is good. The wings are great, with a fine crispy crunch. Give it a try, I think you will agree this is s fun spot.Fucking love this place 
Staff is sexy as hell 
Food is tasty as fuck
Drinks are strong
MuricaI really wanted to like this place, but after several extremely sub par lunch and happy hour episodes...I can't give this place any more of my time and money.  The service is absentee, the food takes forever...it tries to be chic, but if they put "meyer lemon mayo" on one more of my freaking sandwiches I'm gonna have a meltdown.  During happy hour, a few times they have kicked the keg of what's on special, and it takes a very long time to get a new one on.  How convenient.  Nah.  Don't do it.I coulda sworn I wrote a review for ladder fifteen a while ago - but alas - I guess I did not.  I am basing this review on a large event my group had in there upstairs, private space.  
We had about 90 people, an open beer, wine and well drinks bar (excellent) and appetizers (not so much).
Firstly, there was not enough food (in quantity) and the quality of the small platters of apps (place on the bar - not butlered) was pretty meh.  Pretzel nuggets with mustard dipping sauce (cheap!), Mediocre quesedillas, and a strange bruscetta with an unidentifyable brown meat-or-possibly-eggplant on top.  Still have no idea what the heck that was all about!
Anyhow, service was fine - bartenders were quick with our moderately-drinking crowd of adults in there' late 20's to early 50's.
Will I rush back here?  Probably not.i'm giving this place only three stars because i really hate going out here late night and during sips. it has a real frat house environment after 8 p.m. and on weekend nights. however, i went to ladder 15 last friday night for happy hour and it was my first time eating there. the food was delicious - i was so pleasantly surprised! i would definitely recommend checking it out right after work to avoid the late night douchey crowd. we split the chicken nachos, cheesesteak eggrolls, southwest chicken taco salad, and the hummus plate. everything i tried was awesome - the highlight of the meal was the hummus plate.Came here on a Tuesday night... Not very busy, but started to fill up as the night progressed. I ordered the veggie burger and requested it to be cooked without butter (dairy allergy). The server assured me this was no problem, but sure enough the roll was smothered in butter. Was very expensive for the quality and portion sizes.We went here for a farewell happy hour for a co-worker. The place is large so accommodating a group was no problem. The bartenders were all great and attentive. We never had to wait for drinks or flag anyone down even when it got later and more crowded.I was attracted to the window seat that allowed for the lovely view (of dumpsters) and smelly bums on sansom st.  So I ordered the "VLT" not vagina, lettuce and tomato but "veggie, lettuce and tomato" consisting of smoked portobello mushrooms and you know the rest.  Honestly, it sucked and wasn't worth the 9 bucks. I think it was my mistake to order something vegetarian in the first place (as it was not their specialty) but my friends weren't impressed either.  Other bad choices included the pork sandwiches and chicken pesto... So next time you walk past this place, just keep going....Truffle fries were yummy and can definitely feed more than 2 people as claimed on menu. Needed more mayo to finish them all, would have liked a second cup. Bartenders were really chill and nice. Digging the ambiance, wood and stone provide a great atmosphere. The music selection could be improved. Little edgier or stick to classic rock.Not sure why there are so many negative reviews, but my husband and I ventured here to eat lunch.  The place was pretty empty because of the snowstorm, but we enjoyed the quiet.  The waitress was attentive and the food was great.  I had the eggplan parmesean sandwich, and I usually get burned when I order any meal that features roasted vegetables.  But it was surprisingly tasty and flavorful!  And my husband LOOOVED his oxtail sandwich.  He is still raving about it.I've noticed a trend in reviewing nightlife. Typically the best spots to go out at have really low reviews. But I'm a hardcore fan of this place. Philly's got a lot of ratchetness in it.. but this place is a pretty good bet to get away from the riff raff. However... there still a ton of fukbois here. But the crowds always pretty decent and good spot to come to on a Wednesday, Friday, or Saturday night if you tryna get away from them broke people.One of my ex-roommates told me a story of how she tried to bum a cigarette off someone here, and ended up buying cocaine for the first time in her life instead. I've tried SO hard not to come here since hearing that, but I found myself catching up with an old internship friend here for center city sips yesterday. 
This place is perfect if you're an ex-fraternity/ex-sorority business man/woman craving a return to your youth. Honestly, I think the best way to describe it is as a dressed up frat party. So much so that I was borderline uncomfortable the entire time I was here. It's two giant rooms--one downstairs, one upstairs--with just a couple booths, and everyone is literally screaming because it's so loud. 
The drink specials were pretty good--I enjoyed my Honey Jack & lemonade, but after sips ended the drinks were wayyyy overpriced.Other than the Korean tacos during happy hour there isn't much to like about this place.  Expensive beer, uneven service.  On a recent trip I ordered the heirloom tomato salad, which my server forgot about.  After reminding her I was brought a bowl with chopped tomatoes, vinegar, onions, mint and a sprig of parsely.  For $9 I would expect a little more interesting presentation.  Not a place I would recommend, which is a shame because chef David Ansill used to run one of my favorite spots.Excellent laid back relaxed place for lunch. AJ knows everyone and is very friendly (also) pours an amazing citrus agave margarita. The spicy chicken sandwich had just the right amount of heat!I'm surprised at the bad reviews of this place.. I went for lunch here with a friend and I really enjoyed the food and the decor. The only thing that could be improved is the service, they're not that friendly. But other than that I had a great experience!I came here recently with a friend after yoga for a bite to eat and was very upset by the service. We came on a Sunday around 5:30 and there was probably a max of 10 people in the whole restaurant. Took the waiter forever to take our order, he then messed up our drink order, and then it took about half an hr for the food to come out. I understand if the restaurant was busy, but seriously, how long does it take to make a salad and a plate of nachos?
The food was really delicious. We got a spinach, feta, cranberry, and walnut salad which came wrapped up in a cucumber. Really great presentation and a really tasty salad. The nachos were piled high with lots of stuff. I also really appreciate that this restaurant layered their cheese. It wasn't just a heap on top, but they would put some chips, layer them with cheese, put more chips, layer them. That way your nacho ingredients were distributed well. I'm something of a nacho professional, so I appreciate good cheese distribution. 
I don't know if I'll return here again as the ratings aren't that good. It's a shame because the food was rather tasty. Guess I'll have to go on a random Tuesday afternoon when no one else would be there to get good service.Good apps and drinks, I've come here for many a happy hour and night out, always a good time! Once the waitress lost my friends card when he paid the bill on our happy hour and he had to cancel his card eventually, but the waitress and the manager were super nice and gave us our meal for free and threw in a gift card for next time. I like the upstairs best!Went there late night with some friends and only had drinks. seemed like a decent place with decent beer selections. I'd probably go back in for drinks only.Sometimes it's not just the place, but also what leads you to a place. 
We stopped in around 8:30pm on a Thursday after coming in from the 'burbs, needing to grab a bite near our hotel. Joe's Pizza had just closed, so we ducked in Ladder 15 before we started fighting. 
It was not busy. The room downstairs is cavernous and TV-centric, and there was a few bigmouth sports fans milling around the back bar. It was easy to see how this place might get annoying. 
Our server, however, was a delight. And the standard-sounding pub grub was so much more delicious and complex-tasting than we expected, that we ordered more than we needed. Each dish had a little sophisticated twist that had us looking at each other and nodding in surprise. 
So, it was necessity that drove us here with no preconceived notions, and we left having had a casual gourmet experience and a couple of good beers under our belts, and you can do a lot worse than that.I went here last night for dinner with a friend.  The place is beautiful and the staff friendly.  The food was good, but a bit on the small side.  We got the muscles (oh so good) and tuna (did you know corn nuts are yummy with seared tuna?  Because I didn't).  I left hungry.  I think that three plates for two people is ideal.  We did get free cotton candy though!  Why?  Who cares.  It's free cotton candy!  That is a good thing!  Also, the specialty drink menu looked amazing.  I don't drink, but I might start.
On the downside, the music totally sucked.  I think they played the same lame, nondescript house/dance (I'm not sure what the actual genre was, but you get me) song on repeat.  Also, like Ryan C pointed out, the stools don't have a back.  This might seem like a really minor thing to complain about, but where am I supposed to put my jacket?  My purse?  Maybe there was a coat check that I missed, but that seems awfully fussy.  I spent my meal shuffling them about so as not to drop them or spill some delicious coconut curry broth on them.
There were a lot of slick and swanky looking people hanging around.  I can imagine what this place would be like on a Saturday night, and I won't be going anywhere near it.  I'm sure a lot of people would love it; it just isn't my scene.  But for a midweek lunch or dinner?  I'm in.This place is pretty cool. I attended college in West Philly so when my friends and I finally turned 23 we wanted to go to Ladder. It has an older feel to it because of the age restriction which is nice. I recently discovered they have an upstairs level as well as the ground level. 
There is not too much dancing at Ladder, but if there is going to be any it happens upstairs. It is pretty crowded on the weekends. The last time I went was on a Monday and it was only myself, my friend, and a few other people.Because we hate Valentine's Day, my boyfriend and I decided to do an impromptu bar crawl on V-Day instead of the traditional sappy romantic dinner.  We walked by Ladder 15 and decided to try it out.  The bar was crowded with singles and groups of friends, and the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty.  Because there wasn't room at the bar, we took a high top.  Beer list was decent.  Service was prompt and friendly.  The hummus plate was 1/2 off, so we tried it.  Not bad.  Pretty small - I'd never pay $10 for it.  But it was good.
All in all, a decent but not noteworthy experience.When you see the line waiting to get into Ladder on a weekend, you can't help but assume this place must be awesome. But upon entering and taking a look at the crowd, you notice the overall trend of douchiness that makes you think,  "wow these people really need to grow up they aren't in college anymore." 
Once you get pass the people, the music is not that bad, and if you go to the top floor it usually is not as crowded. It is an OK place to go with a large group of friends. I found that if you go with fun people, you can definitely make the most of it.The mussels + duck sandwich were awesome. OK beer + cocktail specials - nothing spectacular but not terrible. Could use a better beer selection. Staff was friendly, service was average.I went two night in a row. Good place to watch football and hope select beers on tap. Food is good just wander why they don't have a bigger menu.I have never really liked it here so my last visit wasn't surprising. 
I went back this time with friends - some local, some out-of-towners. It was not my choice but I was game....I figured if I was there with friends, it wouldn't be that bad. 
It was just the same as usual: over crowded, inattentive bar staff and obnoxious clientele. My idea of a fun night out is not being shoved and pushed and ending up with beer stains on my clothes. Sorry - this isn't now and won't ever become my "scene." Although I didn't eat there on this visit, I have eaten there in the past and its nothing special. I should have known better but I learned my lesson this past weekend and will probably not be going back. 
I am giving 2 stars only because it is so close to my apartment and I didn't have too long of a walk home on my stomped-on toes after finally deciding to leave.O' boy $5 for a bud light on a sunday afternoon and no special when phillies are on.  They are off to wrong track.  No food eaten, nice decor makes people want to go inside.  I'd go back for maybe a beer but until they change their plan, beer is all they get for me. No wonder why there were only 3 dudes there.Anyone who writes a bad review of this place is an idiot and should stay the hell out of the city.... Go back to the hills mountain folk.  Ladder 15 is great!I came here for Center City Sips.  I had the buffalo wing lollipops, which were pretty good.  Good tangy sauce and the meat just fell off the bone.  I also had the Mango Sansom.  Very fruity drink.We went here twice during our recent stop into Philly, once late on Thursday night and once early. 
The first was odd, very odd, as the place was entirely empty. We had the entire downstairs area to ourselves and, since it was very dimly lit, the place was quite depressing.
The second time was a different story. Having stopped in after dinner and a journey through the city, the place was very busy, with a mostly mid 20's crowd dancing and drinking. This improved things.
The selection here is good, the decor is traditional, the lighting is dark, making it easy to sneak off or hide an unwanted drink, and the upstairs restroom follows the Stephen Starr shared sink method, making for some awkward conversations over soap and paper towels...Upon walking in to Ladder 15 I thought, huh, clean, casual atmosphere, plenty of seating and space.  Not sure how the name of the bar fits in with the bland decor, but whatever. the menu had a selection of typical bar foods with a twist.  But all of that was just the image - once the food came, it was downhill from there. $9 for 3 tiny perrogis drenched in oil and $6 for a Yards.  In fact, the prices of the beers weren't even included on the menu, so we didn't find out how overpriced the beer was until we got the bill.  
As we were leaving, a small group of people were checking out the menu outside the front door. I let them know about the tiny portions and unimpressive taste of the food. they wisely chose to go elsewhere. As I heard one of the women say on their way to find another bar, "It's Philadelphia. You don't have to settle for bad food here."Not a spot for happy hour and game watching. Food is good during lunch time but menu is limited. Great service.I do love that this space is being used for a bar & the open windows onto Sansom are awesome.  But I feel like this is where recent college grads with business degrees would go to meet up with their fraternity brothers after work before heading back to the burbs.  This place has nice finishes but the set up just felt a little off. I didn't mind having to push past all the tall attractive young business men & women in black suits near the door but once I was through, it felt empty.  The high tops were all in one area in an unfortunate cafeteria-style seating and although the tables under the balcony are cozy for groups- and great for people watching- I truly needed a booster seat to reach my beer. The prices weren't THAT bad if it's a nice night out, definitely not cheap, but they should really have a later happy hour to compete for the after work crowds.
Bottom line: Trying to be fancy pants? Go here. Trying to get a reasonably priced beer & an order of fries after work? Check out one of the neighbors to the east or west.I've always avoided ladder 15 because of the clientele.  sorry, but everytime i walk by this place i am reminded that ladder 15 is not really my kind of scene.  but i was in the area last night at around 6:45 p.m and the place wasn't crowded at all.  Decided to check it out since i heard that ansill is the new chef.
Happy hour ends at 7pm, so I was able to get one of the specialty cocktails for $6 instead of the usual $11.  Mr. h and i ordered the rock shrimp and potato goat cheese cigars to start.  the rock shrimp was tender and flavorful.  my favorite thing that i ordered.  the cigars are really interesting.  hard to describe, but it is thinly sliced potato wrapped around goat cheese and possibly mashed potatoes, wrapped in the shape of a cigar.
for dinner, i ordered the roasted chicken sandwich with sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and red pepper served on a baguette.  the chicken was tender, but too greasy for me.  also, the sliced baguette split at the bottom, making it very difficult to eat.  by the end, i just dove in atkins-style.  the sandwhich was huge and i only managed to finish a little over half.
i will say this -- the staff was very friendly and attentive.  the manager checked in a few times to make sure everything was ok and our waitress returned like clock work for food, drink and water orders.  
still not my type of crowd, but ladder 15 isn't so bad when it is not crowded.Within my first 5 mins of entering this place with a good friend on a Thursday at 5:30, I hated it. I was there to meet others who were on their way and my buddy was there to grab a quick cold one before catching his train to the burbs. Despite the non-crowded bar, and despite the fact that the bartender looked me dead in the eye twice, she never came over to take our order as we stood there like the thirsty camels we were. We then tried to sit and order, but there were no servers in sight. Time was running out on my buddy to enjoy a beer before leaving for the train so back to the bar we go and finally we get beers. 
We retake our seats at a long table (I am expecting many others) and then the server shows and gives us 'tude for ordering from the bar! Well, given this introduction you can understand why I hated the place. Given my 4 star rating, you must know that a lot of good must have come after the intro to bring me around. Turns out the server was quite nice, friendly and fast. My party grew to about 15 and the bar itself got pretty pack and she kept everyone in our group fed and full of alcohol. On top of that, this was the Thursday MJ died, so despite all the excitement on the TVs from this major event the food and beers still flowed without delay. 
Speaking of the food: the apps are great. I highly recommend the crab and corn hush puppies and the pork quesadillas. The chicken sandwich on toasted pumpernickel is also tasty. Since my first visit, I have been back a few times with my firm's softball team after games and the place has always been accommodating. 
I am glad they changed my initial opinion since this will be the place I think of whenever someone asks, "where were you when MJ died?"We went to Ladder 15 to celebrate my son's graduation for dinner. Everybody got something different. From appetizer to entrees to deserts, everything was so tasty and delicious. We've had "chilled shrimp, lobster with avocado", "deep fried cauliflower", "steamed mussels", "baked goat cheese with spread" as appetizers. Then entrees were "rabbit spread", "veal cheeks", "blue cheese salad with chicken" and became my favorite "oxtail open face  sandwich". You think Philly cheese steak is good? Oxtail sandwich tastes so much better. I was little sceptical about it because oxtail did not sound too appealing. But it's simply awesome!!! We all enjoyed every bit of it. Kitchen is open until 10pm. I recommend you to get there way before 10pm. As far as food goes, I give to Ladder 15 " * * * * * ".Ladder is really great for Happy Hours, decent specials without the grimy dive bar feel. The staff is super helpful and attentiveIt was an ok experience...it was really cool going in, the drinks were ok, the people there were ok...basically it was on ok time. 
I wasn't overly impressed with anything (especially since there was a cover charge - ooook) but in all fairness I didn't eat anything here, which sometimes will really sway to a higher rating. 
I may give it another shot if we were passing by and everyone else wanted to go, but just wouldn't put it on my must go back list.Did not eat here but always a fun time at night! Great music, good looking people, and overall a great vibe. Recommend if you want a good night out in Philly.
SteveI'm not quite understanding all the negative reviews I've read for Ladder 15. I really enjoyed myself after my initial visit last weekend. I'm guessing it's the clientele that's a turn-off? Who cares? There's great food and beer to be had!
Two of my girlfriends and I were looking all around center city proper for a decent beer and a snack on a Friday evening. Everywhere was packed so we settled on Ladder 15 and were immediately seated at a large booth. Upon reading the menu, I was happy to see a decent beer selection and a totally reasonable food menu. 
After receiving our initial beers, my friends and I ordered a few items off the menu, most notably the curried lamb empanadas, the korean tacos (oh my god, so good), the man burger (complete with bone marrow in the bone), truffle fries and a pigs feet special that was so delicious. 
We ordered two beers each, filled up on our menu selections and only paid $30 a person. I was impressed all around. I'm going back for lunch this week for the sole purpose of revisiting those delicious korean tacos. I can't wait!I've been here many times there are things that are great and things that are terrible.
Music/DJ:
4 stars - plays good mix of old and new dance music, blends well and plays the perfect amount of each song, 4 stars because he tends to play the same sets and doesn't take requests
Bouncers:
2 stars - most of the bouncers here are obnoxious, there are two I get along with
Managers:
4 stars - any time I have dealt with the management they were polite, respectful and helpful
Bartenders:
4 stars - I like back bar on first level, my girl Rachel is cool as sh!t, but all of the bartenders have been quick & helpful
Atmosphere/Layout:
4 stars - it can get bottlenecked sometimes, however, i like the layout, great for socializing, bathrooms are never an issue, 3 levels and decent size place
Age Policy:
5 stars - this kind of ties into atmosphere, because they are 23+, it does a great job to separate this from the college scene, usually grad students or working young professionals and not a lot of superbombed people in hereThe only real reason why I go to Ladder 15 is because of David Ansill & his Korean tacos. They are om-nom-nom-nom-nommy delicious! They used to have this amazing happy hour special where it was like $7-$8 for 2 Korean tacos (1 pork belly + 1 short rib), but now it's $4 for 1 short rib taco. Kind ghetto since when you go you'd like to try both tacos, but whatever.
Last time when I went with my sister, we ordered both Korean tacos, the potato goat cheese cigars, & the chorizo/beef chili. A satisfying combo of food but let me warn you... The service here is AWFUL. Our server this time was okay, but we rarely got checked on, our water was never refilled, & it took like 15 mins to get my glass of Riesling. I hate it when restaurants with great food have bad service... But those Korean tacos are definitely worth going back there for!I have never had any of their food so I cannot comment on that, but strictly evaluating this establishment as a place to drink, I think it sucks. The music sucks, the drinks suck, and the crowd is fairly vanilla (think white suburban). Putting it mildly, Ladder 15 is basically a douchy college bar for the mid-late twenties crowd. If your idea of fun is listening to top 40 (along with some even older more obnoxious songs peppered in), drinking miller lite, while wearing an express button up, then this place is perfect for you.Cabbed it to Ladder 15 last night to watch the Phillies game and eat some grub! I was excited as I knew they had a new chef (Ansill...hello?!?) and the last time I was there, the sweet potato dumplings tasted like a burned Christmas cookie. I had a salad (my poor choice) and the table shared my polenta fries and fried cauliflower. Others at my table seemed happy with their heartier choices, but I was starved. The apps were good, but I needed a protein kick to my salad (I had the seaweed one, maybe shrimp?)Additionally, I ordered the Cherry Water Ice specialty drink, as I was excited about the Pop Rocks that came with it. The drink arrives. No Pop Rocks. It's red, which is strange because the booze in it is vodka. It tastes like Kool Aid, and not in a fun "I'm gonna get drunk and not know it" way. My b*llsy Sister in Law called over the waitress and we ask where the Pop Rocks are and also ask why this drink tastes non-alcoholic....she says she doesn't know. Comes back with two packs of Pop Rocks (thank you!) and explains they ran out of cherry vodka, so the bartender put grenandine in it. So, you were gonna charge me 8 dollars for a Shirley Temple? Come on. A little honesty goes a long way.This is the consummate Philly pub with exceptional food - I went for lunch and had the mac n cheese special.  I still have daydreams about that meal!I'm glad David Ansill found a home.  It's a shame about his last endeavor, it was one of my favorite places in the city.
I agree with Jason F., this place can get pretty scary after 11.  But I had a great afternoon watching the French Open here a while back, and I bet it's great place to watch any afternoon game.  
I think the beer list is about a dollar too expensive across the board, but what are you gonna do - it's in Center City.  Still haven't eaten off the menu.  It's pretty cozy with its gas fireplace and exposed stone walls (exposed like they might be concerned about falling rocks).  I'm a big fan of the interiors.This is a good place in the city for a happy hour when you have nothing else in mind. There is nothing spectacular about Ladder 15 but you know they will always have the same specials so it's worth keeping in mind. 
Happy hour every week day 5-7: 4-5-6 
$4 Beer besides Guinness (this makes me sad) 
$5 House wine and call drinks 
$6 specialty cocktails 
They used to have a martini that tasted like a thin mint girl scout cookie that made the $6 cocktails worth it, but last time I went they didn't have it. Sad. The lack of Guinness on the beer list also tends to keep me away from here. Hoegaarden, Victory, and Blue Moon are included among others, why leave off the deliciousness that is Guinness? 
Also, they have truffle fries that are pretty good bar food if you need munchies while you're there.SEE PICS ABOVE
Ladder 15, just down the block from Nodding Head Brewery, was a convenient stop for a weekday lunch last week.  
We were one of a half-dozen couples spread out across the cavernous restaurant; I could imagine late-night throngs packed around the bar-height tables, enjoying the fireplace and what looked like some kind of mezzanine.
The waitress was warm and prompt, letting us know they'd been open a few weeks and served meals small-plate style. 
The drinks list was decent, but the beers on tap weren't a draw...mostly off-the-beer-truck options like Hoegaarden, Guiness, etc...I choose the Hook & Ladder, an Irish ale brewed for the restaurant (had a burnished color and an aroma/flavor like the dark potato chip at the bottom of the bag..not bad, but deeper than expected). 
My wife had a good smattering wines by the glass to choose from.  There was also a list of dessert-themed cocktails..Root Beer Float, Thin Mint, Key Lime Pie & Water Ice to name a few.
The wide drink selection, compounded with the striking decor and variety of gastro-esque offerings, gave me impressions of a Starr-joint built for socializing, like Continental Midtown.
The lunch menus were still at the printer, so we ordered off the dinner menu. Comfort was the word of the day...Roast Pork & Provolone Egg Rolls & the Mac & Cheese Croquettes. 
The egg rolls were spicy and had plenty of flavor...we didn't need the au jus dipping sauce at all.  A little light on the cheese-factor, but the egg rolls were satisfying.
The Mac & Cheese Croquettes were a bit disappointing; there's a restaurant we'd just dined at who served a Panko-Crusted Mac & Cheese Croquette that was out of this world.  We were comparing it to Ladder 15's and theirs needed some re-working...they used orzo instead of a macaroni and the croquettes were dry and lacked any cheesy character...probably their diminutive size contributed to their dryness.  The accompanying  tomato sauce was decent but couldn't save the dry croqs.
The Shallot Haystack was described as a take on the Blooming Onion and while crispy, light & delicious, it left our breath in a serious state of shock...make sure you AND your date share this one or you may not be getting that goodnight kiss.
Although we'd only popped in to grab some refreshment & snacks after a day of running errands, the waitress brought out a plate of Watermelon Cotton Candy with the check.  She mentioned that the owners throw all sorts of schnapps into the cotton candy machine to come up with crazy flavors. 
There's something about cotton candy that makes you feel like a kid again and Ladder 15 seems to have tapped into the formula for having fun...one-of-a-kind interiors, a decent mix of drinks, small plates that, while hit or miss, make for some whimsical eats and friendly service.
Ladder 15 should definitely be on the list of pop-in places to hit in Center City, but food is a little too pricey to make a night of it there, so I can see why other reviewers cry "Expensive Elf Food!"Average bar that is very tiny and packed.  Hard to grab a drink around the limited bar space.  Few chairs and small seating area for patrons desiring to rest for a moment.  Not much of an area to dance, but some groups will do so anyways.  Has television screens for sports.I don't understand the negative reviews...... I was there on a Sunday afternoon and it was a nice chill place to watch the game. The wings were good and the beer was pretty fresh. No complaints hereI was here almost every Saturday during college football season (to watch The Buckeyes): I have only experienced Ladder 15 during the daylight hours.
The place itself is actually kinda cool: a funky rock wall on the second floor, nice wood floors, and a nice bar.  The food wasn't spectacular, but it also never let me down.  Prices were reasonable: you could get a decent meal and 2 beers + tip for about $20.
In short, I wanted to like it.  However, I have one giant problem with Ladder 15: the embarrassing lack of planning by management.
They would have bottles of Yards IPA on special, but then run out of them before halftime.  For having a somewhat limited bottle selection, having a popular choice off the list can be painful.
One time, my friend (and fellow Buckeye) Zac H ordered a Turkey Club sandwich.  After 10 minutes, we saw a cook leave the kitchen.  15 minutes later, the Cook came back, grumbling he couldn't find bread anywhere.  Our waitress promptly returned and informed us the kitchen had no bread, but they could make Zac's order into a wrap.  You could tell the waitress was embarrassed...how could she not be?
Judging by the other reviews, this is probably not a place I would find myself after 8PM (unless a game went into overtime), but I have experienced worse and will give it the benefit of the doubt until proven otherwise.My boyfriend and I stumbled on the newly opened Ladder 15 this past weekend and thought that the menu looked great, so we decided to try it out for lunch yesterday. Sadly, we were disappointed.
Things started off well. We liked the wide open, loft like atmosphere and the waitress was very friendly. We got confused though when she started to explain how some things on the menu are "small plates" while some are regular sized. There are no categories on the menu, so how were we to tell which is which?  
We started off with the truffled flat bread, which is the reason why this place gets 2 stars instead of one. It was incredible. Since I was starving and wasn't sure about this whole big plate/small plate ordeal, I figured I'd play it safe with the burger for my entrée. It was a $12 burger, but it had manchego cheese and a smoked paprika mayonnaise so it sounded interesting. It was really bad. It was served on toasted sourdough bread that was completely soggy and falling apart when it was brought out to me. I couldn't pick up the sandwich at all (not even when I cut it in half), so I had to just eat it with a fork and knife. The meat was dry and there was practically no cheese on it. I'm sure glad I had the flat bread because I really couldn't get through much of that burger.  
We were given some complimentary cotton candy with our bill at the end and that just made us more confused. I don't really understand the concept of this place but, to me, the food is way overpriced and not good enough to try again. It seems like it might be a good place to come for just drinks, but I can't guarantee that I'll be back.I avoid this place, for so many reasons.  The beer list is horrendous, the prices are too high.  The bartenders condescend, and the general crowd in here makes my shutter thinking about the fate of humanity if there are folk like these.
The food isn't horrible.  Every once in a while my friends are here and I go to see them, and only them, and drink my overpriced Stella slowly.  
Boo x10.This bar is good for happy hour or early evening drinks. The food is not good, so I would not advise eating here.  But it's spacious and usually not packed during happy hour. The cocktails are usually strong too. It also gets fun in the early evening, before the place gets too crowded and the douchebags show up.  During happy hour, they have light radio music playing in the background. A DJ starts playing louder music after dinner, and is sometimes good. The bar is essentially a giant box at night, as they remove the dining tables. They also remove the bar chairs after a certain time. So at night, everyone is standing in a box. If you stay late, expect to be bumped into a lot!  As more and more drinks get consumed, the tensions rise as people bump into each other.  If you come late night, expect to wait in a long line outside. However, if you are single, being in a crowded box could be ideal for meeting someone.  If you are with a date, leave before 11 pm, or things could get unenjoyable fast.This place is a good spot for dancing, they play a mix type of music.  Pretty crowded on the weekends, at times you can barely get through the crowd of people.  This is the place to go to if you are dressed down with flip flops and shorts.I understand Felicia's point about it being fashionable to bash Ladder 15 but, sometimes, what appeals to one person may not appeal to another. Yelp considers a three star review to be A-OK and I agree with that description in this instance.
In my lone trip to Ladder 15 -- a place that is/was allegedly frequented by the likes of Jeff Carter and Mike Richards --I was wowed by the way the items on the menu sounded but not blown away by the taste. It wasn't terrible by any means. It was OK. 
I honestly don't recall if David Ansill had already taken over the kitchen when I went but I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he hadn't. I intend to go back here and write an update to my review soon but, until then, I can only base my review on the average experience that I had.Nice decor; very clean looking. Nothing too special going on in this place. Mediocre everything. If you're in the city, it's a suitable choice for bar hopping, but it would suck to spend the entire evening/night here. Just my opinion.After reading the review in Philadelphia Scene, we decided to check it out for an early Saturday night dinner and drink. Having been a fan of David Ansil and his previous establishments, PIF and Ansil, we thought it would be terrific like the review stated. Boy, were we wrong.
The place is cavernous and must be a hangout for young professionals who wouldn't appreciate fine food but lots of alchohol as the seating for dinner is limited but there is  lots of room for drinking.
Even so, the food is what David is known for and this place was a huge disappointment. We tried the beat salad which tasted like it came out of a harvard beet jar from Super Fresh.
Next, we went for the grilled chirozo sandwich which was two shriveled pieces of overcoooked sausage on a slice of Italian bread with some pine nuts and wilted greens. Not very good. My spouse went with the Grilled Eggplant Parm sandwich which was awful, soggy, lacked cheese flavor and had enough peppers in it to burn your throat.
There are lots of great new neighborhhod pubs and bistros that offer terrific food (Adsum, Pub and Kitchen, 20 Manning, etc;) and I would go to any of these instead of returning to this gastro nightmare. David, try another PIF if you want to satisfy customers and make some legit income.Not a bad place in my opinion. I've been here on crowded weekend nights and during the day for lunch. The food was good and there is a nice selection of beers. I've had good waitress experience an have nothing crazy to complain about. But for those who are angry about not ettif served in a crowded bar in downtown center city on a weekend night, what did you expect?I showed up after last call on Monday night but the bartender Paul got my friends and I some drinks as he cleaned up. I've heard the atmosphere is very different on the weekends, but on a quiet Monday night, Ladder 15 is a friendly, spacious bar with a good atmosphere and great service. Paul even turned up the song we like. Nothing like drunk Wonderwall to close out the night.Always crowded. College-frat style. Dance floor upstairs. Great place for late drunken nights!!I came here with a bunch of friends for happy hour on a Friday. Suprisingly, it wasn't that busy. The happy hour food menu is definitely a must. We ordered the tacos, nachos, truffle fries, and tuna tartar - all very good. our waiter was very nice and definitely on top of things. The beer selection wasn't bad as well - but they did run out of a few. It was a bit pricey but probably because we were ordering car bombs left and right!Ladder is a good place to host private events because there are 3 floors.  Every time I have been here, it has been for that reason and I've always been on the 3rd floor, but I would never on my own volition be like "let's go to Ladder, lol."  The private intimacy for your own party is nice.  I've come here for the Drunk Saturday bar crawl, alumni events for my college, work happy hours, and birthday parties.
The bartenders always seem to hate their lives and the people at their bar.  I have never received service from a pleasant, lively, or friendly bartender.  The draft beer selection is pretty limited and I think I say that because they don't have Lagunitas, my favorite.  And the food is so bad.  I've always only gotten the apps and they are always underwhelming.  (I don't know how the main dishes taste...maybe they are better?)  I usually love events with free appetizers, but after I attend any event at Ladder I always need to go somewhere afterwards for actual food.Best on Friday and Saturday nights, featuring a good crowd of Betches and Pros.  (Lots of tall guys - word to my fellow Amazon Women!) The dancing doesn't get started until 11:30ish - and even then is a smattering of good dance songs mixed with less dance-y rap. My Stoli-sodas, which cost $7, did not disappoint. 
My second time here, for a private event on the 3rd floor, was a surprising good time. Catering was great. I was super excited they served salad and grilled veggies alongside fried saturated fat stuff. My core group hopped between the cooler downstairs and the upstairs heat.
 The first time I came here, around 9ish on a Friday night in the winter, was pretty dull.  Everyone looking to hook up but impeded by the lack of dancing and too-loud-to-talk-over music.  Definitely come with a group so you can take over the scene.
Long lines to get in.   The scene hit its high around 1-2am, but then sadly closed.  We still had energy so checked out Club Pulse next door, which is open until 3:30am.  Free for females befor 2am, $10 for males.  I'll go review that now.A stronger 3 star update based on ANOTHER large group function that we had in the upstairs party space.  Food was much better and much more abundant this time.  We also had an open bar with beer, wine and well drinks.  We had about 70 people this time and the atmosphere was more relaxed.
Thank you to Ladder 15 for accomodating our group.
The butternut squash dip was delicious and the Kim-chee Shortrib tacos were a unique twist.
The ubiquitous (and inexpensive) soft pretzel nuggets and odd quesadillas (what the heck is in those things??) were ever-present.
Getting better.
Kick it up a notch and put out SIGNS for the food items and maybe you'll get to 4 stars.I was visiting a friend here and met up for a drink on a Friday night. The atmosphere was a little clubby, and the scene is professionals (people dressed up nice) blowing off steam after work. The prices were reasonable ($5 for a beer). Yes, it's super loud, so not a good place to catch up and talk, but a good place to get energized. The space has a super tall ceiling, so has a lofty vibe to it.So I guess the recession has hit this place finally.. or they are just getting more stingy. But they changed their happy hour special to something much more crummy.
Something like $4 bottles,$5 drafts and, $6 specialty drinks. 
Plus, its getting exceedingly more difficult to get the attention of the bartenders.
Still loving those truffle fries though. yum.So went to Ladder 15 last Saturday with some friends. It was packed, younger crowd which was alright. Random 50-60year old men flirting hard. But it was a fun atmosphere. Quick service at the bar despite the crowd. That's when things changed. Paid 9$ for a Jack & Coke, got it and it was mostly Pepsi. Had a different bartender make the same drink and same outcome. Mostly Pepsi light splash of Whisky. My friend ordered a shot of Captain Morgan and it was watered down. The rest of our friends showed up at 1:20 and the bouncer said its closed no one else is allowed in. Then he proceeded to let in 4woman and 2other guys. The excuse being "He knows them". Don't even get me started on the random music the D.J was playing. Ranging from Mikey Cyrus to Dmx. Christmas carols and slow jams. Like he wanted people to dance for 2mins then start Caroling then stand around while music just plays that no one enjoys. Not returning. Plenty of better spots minutes away.Service wasn't too great on  Wednesday night. Food was good, but nothing out of this world. Great place to hang with friends!I am not a fan of this place. I've only ever been during the day for alumni game-watching, so maybe this is a skewed view of the place, but everything seems half-assed; the staff are difficult to get their attention; the draft beer selection is, like, 8 beers...I don't know how you can call yourself a bar when that's it... the decor is cool and the bathrooms are crazy clean! But as far as the food, service, and drinks go, it's like, meh. I'd rather just go somewhere else.I think I initially liked this place a lot more than I really should have. The decor is nice and appealing. I've had the food on occasion and really enjoyed it.
The service has been swell and the drink menu is adequate but not awe-inspiring. This seems like a good place to grab lunch, though I've never done so.
One thing I will definitely indicate, is that this place changes face at a certain hour. It goes from unassuming dressy-ish bar to frat-part-douche-fest.
You know the kind of crowd I'm talking about. They're the Mad River, Finnegan's Wake and McFadden's variety. They're the type that's already pre-gamed or bar hopped the evening extensively and this is where they gather to listen to awful radio hip hop and dance music - and not even in that funny ironic way.
This is where the floor runs sticky with spilled drinks and jerk sweat. At this hour and when this crowd flocks to the bar - good luck trying to get a drink. Feel like overpaying for that rum & coke? You will be, because the rail liquor is Bacardi or Captain - a weak attempt at trying to make this place classier than it really is.
On that note, there's also some sort of dress code that goes into effect of midnight of all times. So, no sneakers or looking too casual. In my opinion, that's just stupid because last night some of my friends could not join me... even though they were dressed the same as I was. I just managed getting my hand stamped earlier on in the evening.
Also hearing that they won't let you in if you're under 23, that's a bit of a surprise because on the mental level most of their patrons on weekend nights probably don't crest above 16.
I'd give this place two stars but they're hanging onto a third for one simple fact: they have some of the best wing-related food I have ever had. They're what they call "buffalo lollipops" - basically chicken lollipops (with the meat squished to the end of the bone) and tossed in a delicious sauce. They're phenomenal. This place overall: not so phenomenal.I went here for part of my bachelorette party sometime after 11. Good for drinking and being close to the train. Bad for dancing and they charge a cover that is makes me want to never return. The upstairs was closed off, the dj was boring, there are two unisex bathrooms and no room to really dance. The only reason I had fun was because the friends I came with kept the party going.I have been in a few times, and although I am a bit "retired" these days, I have to chime in here in defense of a place that's well put together, well stocked in many regards and not trying to represent itself as anything different than what it is. While RBV and strange women don't fit into my lifestyle anymore, I can appreciate a good time and a fun care free atmosphere. I am not sure why its being completely slammed on Yelp. As compared to its peers its a well executed up-and-comer.
Let's just call a spade a spade here - 
If you like:
The 25-35  Single / Employed Crowd
Good mash-up - Yes indy rockers, thats two different songs played together with a driving bass line.
Vodka
People who own mirrors, have access to them and use them
A fun atmosphere
The shore in some form (except for North Jersey)
Attractive Women
Then:
You will appreciate another option in the same vein as many of the other successful bars west of broad street which cater to the fast moving, hard partying, fun loving folks.
As a corollary - 
If you:
Ride a Ten Speed with a shoulder bag
Wear Black Rimmed Glasses
Like to complain about your job to your microbrew as you savor the "mouth-feel"
Think that Sansom St is just for "neighborhood bars"
Are Vegan
Think hipster, doofus, indy, shaggy or "alt" are complimentary terms
Have stupid Gauges in your ears, have sailor tattoos, hate your dad or think hygiene isn't that important
Then:
You are probably one of those bitter "i got picked last at dodgeball now I hate the world" hipsters who cant understand why being smart coupled with a shitty attitude still can't get you out of your moms basement. Stop bitching. Johnny Brendas, The Abbaye, National Mechanics and a myriad of other crummy bars (some with good food) all exist to ensure that you can have your chimay and american spirit while the mainstreamers will get nothing but bad service and sneers from the permanently-bitter-why-the-fuck-did-I-major-in-Art-History waitstaff. The persistent Gel in my hair hath earned me many an undeservedly bad dining experience during my decade in this town - congratulations you win. For some time I have choosen to support the local establishments which value my business. 
Don't get me wrong, I am a patron of the arts and music and *GASP* I like vodka AND *DOUBLE GASP* I go to the gym too... I just had to chime in here - I am seeing way to much of a trend on yelp with emo trolls bashing anything or business that's not ironically unique with a dash of alternative.
*off my soap-box now*
Good Night.
ps - I know half of you are furious and feverishly scanning my post for any errant subject verb agreement or split infinitives to point out in your rebuttal - I didn't proof this, I don't care if you can diagram a sentence better than I can, so fuck off.In Philly celebrating birthdays and Christmas.  Awesome fries.  Check it out.  You will love it!Nice atmosphere but the food is just ok. There a few of the regular beers on tap. Don't waste your time unless there is cheap happy hour.I've been here a variety of times (and by variety i mean 2-3...).. Sips, Saturday night, walking by after the gym and observing from the window
Here is the ABCs of Ladder 15
A) there is always a line on Fri/Sat
B) apparently it's 23 and older? not really sure on this one, but that seems to match the crowd demographics
C) this is supposed to be a "Firehouse Bar" -- hence the name... um, where are the photos of FIRE, dalmatians, Fire Houses, Fire Men ..and woman
Overall, I'll pass. Eh... Maybe I will come back.I went for Wednesday Center City Sips happy hour.  $2 Blue Moon pints.  After about 5 of them, I had a great time.  A little bit too yuppy-ish crowd but it was fun.  I was memorized by the waterfall water faucet in the unisex bathroom.   Clean decor and decent music.  I would definitely go here for Center City Sips again.
I also ended up there for Saturday night.  This time it was way too crowded.  Music was so loud I couldn't even hear myself talk.  Also, it was way too dark.  I was shocked when the Blue Moon was $6.  I probably won't be going back for a weekend night.  I would give Saturday night 2 stars.I call this place the "Kildare's for 30 year olds." I would recommend going here only if youre looking for a crowded middle aged version of a frat party. I would recommend having a few cocktails first just to deal with the crowd.
Also this seems to be the place to go for married men to hit on young females.. so wives beware!I have been to this bar a few times to eat and for a night out with friends and I loved it every time. The food is always excellent. However, my friends and I were denied entrance on a Friday night because one of is was only 22 years old. When I protested they said "we like to keep it at an older crowd" 
This is total discrimination and I was outraged. Out of all the bars we could of attended in center city we chose this one. We were just looking for a fun night out to celebrate a friends birthday and we had friends waiting for us inside. After much debate we were still denied. We were not intoxicated nor were we planning on getting out of control. 
I don't plan on going back here unless they change their policy.if you want to pay $5 at the door and then wait 20 minutes for an overpriced beer and then never be able to speak to anyone b/c the music is so loud....go here.Okay, the decor and potential ambiance of this place are legit, and I've heard good things about Ladder 15's food. But it ends there.
Dat. Crowd.
I thought Field House attracted a douchey clientele, but this place ups the ante substantially. I checked in on Foursquare and got the "frattastic" badge, which is always a good indication that I should locate my nearest exit, keeping in mind that it may be behind me (it was).
There's a slim chance I might return before sunset to sample the food I've heard all about, but you will have to drag me kicking and screaming if you expect me to go back after dark.I used to go here pretty often. It's only gotten worse
Food:
1. The burgers are previously frozen and that's a big no-no in my book
2. The drinks are usually not as strong as others
Staff:
1. I've had more unfriendly servers who are more concerned with getting a job done than getting the job done correctly
2. The owners and bouncers are egotistical. They threw me out for entering through the wrong door. There are two doors inside the entrance. I stepped into the doorway for a hot second to pass a phone to my friend. I attempted to enter through the same door and the bouncer shoved me backwards saying "wrong door". No warning, I wasn't even drunk. The owner (or one of the managers) was nearby. He said "Use the right door or get out"
They aren't getting my business any more. 
Also, avoid this place like the plague at night/during happy hours. Little to no service. It gets more than one star because it is usually cleanFor a place that charges cover for no reason (i.e no band), you would think they could at least have clean bathrooms. If this is how the bathrooms and HVAC systems are maintained, I don't even want to see the tap lines.Ladder 15 was the worst experience. The drinks were terrible and the bartenders were rude and obnoxious. The bartenders don't understand customer service and don't know how to talk to anyone other than those who work in the food industry. They are elitist and have no respect for any patrons. Worst of all they stole my friend's credit card and claim that they had no tab open in his name. I will never return here because of possibly the worst customer service by the friendliest people in the food industry.Worst place EVER: horrible service - bartenders act like they're doing you a favor by being there.  Of all the bars in Philly - choose somewhere else!I'm a man of few words but let me say that Ladder 15 is a perfect fit for Center City.  Everyone from the bouncers to the wait staff to the bartenders to the bar backs to the Managers are extremely helpful and courteous.  I enjoyed lunch there this week, the windows were open and the food was incredible!  I plan on going back as soon as I can.
PS-Anthony B. and Tyler M. are virgins.RUDE AND A F-U attitude. The chicken nachos had next to. I chicken, the poutine fries where horrible and the humus platter was the best thing there and it was ok.I stopped at Ladder 15 for a couple of drinks over the weekend.  We stopped in around 9 PM and there were plenty of tables and bar seats available.  My first impression was the interior was surprisingly spacious and very clean.  A bartender greeted us immediately after we sat down-which was nice. She was super friendly and inviting.
Great place for beer and bar food, however their liquor selections is limited.  Drinks are a bit pricey but this is expected in the downtown area.  The kitchen closed at 9 but the bartender offered us pretzels and other snacks to hold us over.  After disappearing to the kitchen she came back and offered to take our order which was unexpected.  We were appreciative of her convincing the kitchen to prepare our food.  The quac and cheese curds were delish!
We left just before 10:30 and as we were leaving a dj was set up and tables were being moved to create a dance floor.  It looked like it would be a good time unfortunately we had to head to another bar to meet friends and didn't get to check out the dj.  I would go again.I have gone here twice, once for SIPS and on one other occasion prior to that for a friend's birthday. I'm giving it 5 stars because both times the food was good and the drinks were good and the staff was attentive. The place has a very cool vibe, its smaller but has two levels and at least two bars downstairs. There is a decent amount of seating as well as a ton of open room so a variety of options. I always got food and was always seated promptly at a high top! My favorite so far has been the chicken nachos as they are HUGE and perfect for sharing. I've also gotten the crab delicious which were delicious. The cocktails I've gotten were delicious so I don't mind paying the $9 + cost when I know it's good and something special. But they also have happy hour and in the case of SIPS they had about 3 appetizer specials, 3 drink specials, 3 beer specials and 2 wines on the list. I tried the cherry water ice which had pop rocks. Yes childhood throwback ! I also had the Mango Samson. 
Way to go Ladder 15!The negative reviews for Ladder are correct; there shouldn't be a cover - it's very crowded - weird upscaley people who are clearly in the wrong city for fancy dresses and sparkly shoes - drinks spilled - a bit expensive - the music is eh.
But all in all, if you're looking to have a night out with some friends, it's not too shabby.I've only been here twice for after work drinks with co-workers, and both times the service was great and they were very accommodating of our large party.  The renovation of the space is very warm and they have a decent selection of local beers on tap. The food is also yummy and a step above the normal bar fare. Truffle fries and the black truffle flatbread along with the crab and corn hush puppies were the favorites of the the group.This place was much better for happy hour than for a late night get-together. The DJ was awful - he played the weirdest music. There was a $5 cover (of course) and the crowd was...skeezy. So many pathetic, over-eager guys who would've taken home any girl who batted an eyelash at them. My vodka soda was weak. The ambience is nice - I like the appearance of the place, but that's where my happiness ends. I'd go back here for happy hour, but not for late night drinks (unless, of course, I'm peer-pressured and it's where all my friends are)I went to this bar with friends who live in Philly. As a visitor, I would not recommend this bar to anyone, visiting or resident. The staff is obtuse and inconsiderate. My friends and I were happily chatting and put our full beers down on a table - a staff member promptly removed all three beers without so much as checking with us. When I asked him about his actions, he completely ignored me. Later, someone, intentionally or unintentionally, stole my friend's jacket which contained her arpartment keys. Not a single staff member would let us take a minute to try and recover her jacket or keys. Again, nothing but indifference and ignoring. If you enjoy entirely inconsiderate and insensitive staff, then this is the place for you. If not, then stay far far away and head to one of the many lovely bars in the neighborhood.Good business crowd during the week, very classy! Good food I definitely recommend the Mac and cheese, tacos, salads, and French onion soup if it's on special. Overall I really like this place, a little pricey but you're paying for a totally different experience than nearby bars!
PLUS the bathrooms are plentiful haha which is a great thing. No crazy lines!So we decided to try something different for lunch and headed over here.  We have walked past it a million times but had never gone in.  Once we were inside we should have known right away it wasn't that great - maybe 2 other tables were taken in the entire place.  No one greeted us for a few minutes, but then a waiter came over.  At first he was almost rude but he warmed up (somewhat) by the end of the lunch.  Still not a great waiter - he seemed almost irritated that he had to wait on us.  Why, I don't know, since there was no one in the place.  The food was ok but what threw us was the price of our lunch.  I ordered the "bacon & bleu sliders" which were listed as a special on the chalkboard outside.  After I ordered them, we thought to ask if they came with fries - they did not - so we ordered the truffle fries for the table (which were pretty good, but at $9.00, they should be!).  Then my sliders came out - 2 sliders with some half-cooked bacon and a miniscule amount of bleu cheese on top with a couple pickels.  They were ok, but not great.  No grill marks - looked like they were sautee'd or something.  Then the bill (and our big surprise) came - they were $12!  My mistake was not asking the waiter the price when I ordered, but I figured how much could an appetizer be?  Well, I found out.  Not going back!This place has bad food, bad drinks, and terrible service.
The burger I had didn't have much flavor, and the bread was stale.
They were out of a few beers, and the draft beer I had was flat.
And the service is terrible.  The waiters are slow, and the bouncers are super rude.
I had my ID checked at the door, but about an hour after being there, and having two drinks, a bouncer ordered me to follow him and tried to kick me out.  
Is this how you treat your customers?From the bouncers to the clientele, this place secures its spot on Philadelphia's Top 25 Douchiest Bars.Fun bar to come to.  Great bartenders and staff.  Nice place to come day drink and fun at night with a group of friends.Came here with a party of about 20. From NYC.  We had a great time. The service was absolutely amazing. The staff was great, the drinks were good. Would come back here again in a heartbeatI am indifferent.  I come here often because for some reason my friends always decide to meet here...I can't exactly complain either because I only ever get the same beer.I was at Ladder 15 with a group of friends (5 of us total).
Food was nothing special. Some stuff was tasty.  Some was just okay.
Service was awful.  Rude, brought us the wrong food, then billed us for the wrong food we didn't order or eat.  Charged 18% gratuity on after-tax amount with no notice (for a group of 5).  
Alone, food is about 3 stars.  
Inconsiderate mistake-filled service is 0-1 stars.
Charging 18% gratuity on AFTER TAX amount for bad service is minus 2 stars.Like every guy here belongs on the Jersey shore. While waiting in the half a block long line to get in, the douches in front of us were about to fight a homeless guy. I think we only got in because there were girls in our group. A friend that came later couldn't get in because of their 23+ policy. Awesome building but it gets packed.This place used to be much better but it's sliding. The same beers have been 'out' for two months and they're cheaping out on the menu. Food quality has gone down. I won't go back after 3-4 visits over the last few months.The chefs must be Hobbits because the food portions are insanely small.  Me and my friend got three entrees and some fries and it barely put a dent in us.  The wings were good but were sized for preschoolers. The pierogis tasted store bought and the pretzel was tooth chipping hard.  My stomach was very upset with me.  
As was my wallet. The food was  too expensive.
If you're still determined to eat there, you should pregame at a friend's barbecue or grab some Thanksgiving dinner.
On the plus side the decorum was nice and I will say that the staff was friendly.  But so are strippers."I feel really old here"
Part of the downside to going bar hopping once you hit 30 is that the bargoers are all fairly young. This place was no exception, as evidenced from my companion's quote that night as we enjoyed our drinks.
The bar itself is fairly spacious. On weekend evenings it seems like they clear out tables and chairs, so you're free to wander around either the front or rear bar areas. Bartenders were reasonably quick and the rear bartender made my friend a tasty margarita that she enjoyed (unfortunately they didn't have salt available to rim the glass).
Music was varied - started off with some good hip hop vibes, but transitioned to some forgettable pop/country (can't remember what - hence "forgettable"). 
Worth a stop for a few drinks. Solid 3 star place.Five dollar cover charge to get into the bar then $6 for your cheapest beer on a weeknight? Absolute joke. Two single occupancy bathrooms that you have to wait in line to get into...this place leaves you with no reason to come backIve been going since it opened. The staff there is awesome and the manager has always been outstanding. The food may seem slightly high priced for what you get but it is always worth it. It is one of those great places that always has clean and private facilities, and a decent crowd. It is slightly upscale, but with respect to your average joe. It's not ideal to watch sports games but they will have them on the TV's when the games are on. I highly recomend.Nice place for dancing on a Saturday night.Went in tonight with 3 other friends trying to find a spot to watch the Eagles game. The bar was pretty empty but there were a few big TVs. We walked in and asked the bartender if there were any specials for the game and he said "no" and took a shot. We left. Customer Sevice is not that hard- just tell us the cheapest beer and act like you want us to give you money.I went here for the first time last night. Paid a 5 dollar cover and was enjoying the night.  I was waiting patiently in line to get a drink when a bouncer came up, aggressively grabbed me and got in my face, and accused me of calling the bartender a bitch, which I certainly did not do.  He made it a scene as well, when I was not putting up a fight at all. I was complying from the get-go, even though I did nothing wrong.  Kind of embarrassing to be put on blast in front of tons of people.  I've heard of similar type stories from friends who frequent the bar, and this seems to be a common them on these Yelp reviews.  Never going back.I saw the website and was intrigued by interior design, the name, and the menu. I read ok reviews about this one, but thought I'd give it a try. I picked Tuesday night to catch up with a colleague. Then, at 6:30pm, our meeting time, it was like a madhouse inside. It was so loud and obnoxious that we walked out. I'm giving one star, because I will never go back. The website totally fooled me. If you are looking for noisy crowd, this is it. Not a chic place to have conversation and modern American cuisine.I honestly NEVER thought that I'd be writing such a glowing review of Ladder.  But heard that David Ansill was in the kitchen, so it seemed like a good place to watch the hockey game today.  Well, David Ansill wasn't quite in the kitchen (at least for most of the time we were there) -- he was hanging out at the bar with the rest of us watching the game (unfortunately Team USA could not pull it off -- but a phenomenal hockey game).  
Tap list and bottles are in process of being redone -- there's some great beers on the list (including the awesome Edmund Fitzgerald Porter out of Great Lakes Brewing Co. in Cleveland), and I anticipate will get better.  But the food is the real standout.  The menu looks awesome, but we decided to go with the two most hyped items: Korean short rib tacos and the Burger 15.
Tacos were great -- carmelized short ribs, kimchi, sriracha.  Very simple, very tasty.  That said, portions were a bit small for the price.  But the Burger 15 was pure gluttonous heaven!  Village Whiskey, Good Dog, etc: you now have competition.  A big (~8-10 oz) burger topped with short ribs, onions, mushrooms served on brioche with sides of truffle jus and marrow.  The result is something that screams decadent but also does so without replicating the whole foie gras idea.  Truly stellar.  The burger comes with fries which needed a tad more salt but were fresh cut and likely fried to order (they actually reminded me a lot of 5 Guys).  
In a city sorely lacking in great sports bar food, Ladder may have just filled this niche.After happy hour and food at a prior bar we headed down Sansom to find one work drink. Came here for happy hour on a Tuesday. Plenty of room at the bar and happy hour goes til 7pm. I got a citrus agave margarita which I unfortunately can not recommend. The gf got a red wine and it was a very generous pour. Best part of the place. There are lots of bars on Sansom that have happy hour til 7pm. Keep this place in mind if you are struggling to find a place with seats. The bar is big and bright which is nice. Very industrial chic and the music is pretty chill. Plenty of beer and cocktails. They have a lot more cans and bottles than draft beer. Man do I wish I got a beer instead of the margarita. Price you pay for ordering a margarita at a bar.I've been kicked out of ladder twice before for no reason but thought I might as well give it another try. It was a Friday night, my friends and I just purchased a "one size fits most children" hotdog costume for a bar crawl. I was excited waiting in line, thinking of all the fun times we were about to have. To my complete shock, my friends and I were turned away due to the fact we were in hotdog, ramen noodles, taco, and banana costumes (and one hamburger hat). I'm so disappointed, and don't know how to process this situation. On the plus side, Drinkers let us in thoughThis is a FANCY PLACE at night.  No Sneakers, yep you better have some Nice dress shoes on or you're not getting in.  I forgot where I was when the bouncer said no sneakers.  For god sake you have ppl in there wearing wife beaters and sport coats, .  This place is great for happy hour but once the dress code goes into effect watch out it a douchery.IF you are planning to come here for sips (or anytime in the summer) STAY AWAY. This place is a sauna, the owners do not have AC, like really dude? No ac? its 100 degrees....and for sips? Me and my co workers left 10 mins after we came in. I thought it was a joke and it was being turned on and BLASTED or there would be a sign like "broken ac-sorry" but NOTHING, I even asked one of our servers and she said the AC is on but this is how it usually is and she was drenched, granted not her fault but really wouldnt want that type of environment for eating, sweaty and on the verge of passing out. I have also gone here on fri and sat nights and its the same in the summer. a sweaty mess, I always think maybe in the summer with smaller crowds it will be cooler. NOPE, sauna. With public house down the street, dont waste your time....their AC is blasting, and their drink specials are better. I will NEVERRRRR come here again in the summer and neither will any of my co workers. Everyone around us was complaining also! ughh it was a sticky gross mess. This place is packed solid on the weekends, cant afford ac? or some freaking fans? really? ITS SUMMER in case you didnt know. Mcdonalds has AC.
You would think the owners would have more pride in their establishment,