I've been here twice. Each time the service is elevated! Beautiful setting, five star customer service, high quality food, and reasonable pricing.Absolutely horrible service. Im here now and honestly it is the worst service I have ever had at a restaurant. We were NEVER seated and had a reservation for 9 o'clock. It is now 10:30. There are plenty of booths and tables available but apparently they are reserved for people who aren't here and don't seem to be coming. The hostess could not have been ruder. I've been to this Landmark plenty of times but this service compelled me to write a review. TERRIBLE serviceThe deals are great! Happy hour is definitely worth stopping by! Great location and even better atmosphere. The staff are very helpful and attentive. When the weather gets warm the outside bar is a great place to hang. 
The mints at the front host's stand are a great treat for the end (or beginning) of your meal. 
The sea food bisque is da bomb!!!! 
Desserts are huge!Terrible service. I had to wait an entire 30 minutes after being seating for a waitress to even come to get our drink orders. Even after this, they forgot to bring drinks for HALF of the table. We waited for about an hour for our food to come out, and it was subpar at best. Cheap food, but not worth the trouble. Save yourself a headache and eat elsewhere.Pretty decent for for when it's late and you don't feel like cooking. I ordered the fish and chips. The delivery was very speedy and actually came faster than the estimated grub hub delivery time. Can't give it a full two stars though, only because someone was extra heavy handed with the salt.  less than a tsp would have sufficed. I did not need half the whole shaker on my fries. I  honestly was expecting an actual order of traditional chips (Thick sliced potatoes) with my fish not french fries. I'll probably order from them again though.This place was very awesome! I am all about service! The moment I reached hostess staff I was greeted not as another person on a busy Friday night but with a huge smile and welcome! Everyone was great! Bartenders and servers and management! For a nice view of the game and good eats and GREAT SERVICE come here! Im from the south..this place shows me this is really a city of brotherly love! Thanks MIKE the manager and this wonderful staff!Reading the reviews, I'm surprised that so many people have complained about the service.  They're always friendly to Boyd and I.  We go to Landmark often, and we always order the same things.  I've had the grown up grilled cheese before, as well as the seafood bisque and the caesar salad, but I have to say that I can't resist the salmon BLT (sans bacon, of course, but they did give me red onion to supplement the flavor when I asked).  It's not an over-processed patty, it's actual salmon, which is refreshing.  Boyd always enjoys his burgers.  We love the crab fondue.  The highlight of our night is the brownie sundae; I just wish it was big enough to adequately share.  I'm sorry that others have had poor experiences, but Landmark is a frequent favorite of ours when we have some extra money to waste.Definitely one of my top favorite places on campus as a Drexel student- I've been going here since freshman year (shoutout to their contribution to my freshman fifty). The staff is nice and the waitresses/bartenders do pay attention to you as well. Awesome crowd, young and hype keeping the place pretty alive!
They have really good deals every day (i.e. Tuesdays $3 Blue Moons, Thursdays 1/2 off well drinks, etc) and their Happy Hour is great too (discounted appetizers, $3 oak and cokes/sangaria and more). My favorite thing to get are their hot mess fries (it isn't on the menu anymore and comes with cheese, jalapenos, and bacon) and their landmark nachos (I usually get vegetarian because the meat makes it soggy). 
Whenever someone visits me, this is my go-to spot- so I'd def recommend this to anyone!I enjoyed this place. The furniture could use an upgrade, but the food was pretty good.
And OMG, the brussel sprouts with bacon pieces and balsamic vinegar were the highlight of the meal!
Service was good.I came here for a late night dinner during a recent visit to Philadelphia. The location was really convenient, as it was walking distance from where I stayed. Usually I struggle to find something that I want to eat at restaurants that specialize in American fare. This restaurant, however, had a good veggie flatbread. It was nice to have a vegetarian option that had more veggies than bread and cheese. The showstopper was the $2 drink special. Whenever I'm in the area again, I'd stop by again.Drinks were fun, drinks were great. SERVICE from our server  Kristine was amazing She was geeatBest bar in Philadelphia, by far. The wait staff is horrible, the drinks are weak, and the crowd is unfriendly; it truly is perfection. I like to play a little game called: "see who can drink enough Narragansett that you wake up enrolled at Drexel pursuing a gender studies degree." And, guess what, guys? I always win.
I like their disco fries. You have to order them off-menu and really argue with the waitress for a while, but when she comes back with that lukewarm tray of gravy, fries, and (likely) spit, you're going to feel like your foodie adventures have finally reached the Anthony Bourdain pinnacle that you have been chasing for years. I drink 6 or 7 of these Oak & Coke cocktails before she can even clear the plate, and then usually I'll go take a nap in my Honda Civic house car out front. But, that's not all. They even have an outdoor bar where I can blare Seger tunes on my iPhone while telling co-eds about my health problems. This place just couldn't get any better!
You ever match with a beautiful girl on Tinder and then she starts to send you links to cam girl sites and you wake up wondering where your rent money went? That's kind of what eating at Landmark feels like. It's a true American experience, a Philadelphia past-time, and an event truly deserving every star I gave it. Long live America and long live Landmark.See, when it comes to yelpin out chea in these streets, I'm on a different level than most. Most people lay on their belly in their bed, giggling like a scrawny Caucasian woman in a 90s romantic comedy while writing about their experiences in places they've been in WEEKS ago. Sad.
Nah, my G. Over here, we on hashtag F IT I'LL DO IT LIVE. Today, August 29th, 2017 A.D. , at 9:41PM, I'm in this B#^*#, with five sweet and spicy chicken tenders and a three dollar blue moon with an orange that I always forget to tell the B-tenders to omit. 
Sitting next to a chick with a orange slice on the side of your glass is not very masculine, so I'm feeling very invisible and undesirable right now. For a man, even having an orange in your alcoholic beverage on the beach is pushing it. Those little miniature umbrellas are cool, however.
Landmark bartenders(and bartenders in general) , here's a circa 1995 GAMEPRO style PROTIP : Ask THE MAN if he wants a fruit in his wheat beer. 
Drinking beer with a fruit in it makes me CRAVE whey protein and some SIK PUMPS in the temple of Brodin.  If only I wasn't already an innately skinny fit son of a btch with origins from the glorious lands of Africa. 
I digress.
I've been around the world more than that filthy street rat Aladdin and I've NEVER been in a bar where cell phone service is straight up GARBAGE. 
Seriously, I feel like I'm trying to download pron on Compuserve and ish to like a thot's photo on the gram. I'm on Corporate America fully paid for, ultimate warrior level of exuberance phone service, dammit. This is 2017, you feel me? I'm feelin sluggish.
When I'm outside of here, my conversations be A) straight flames and B) ahead of the god damn present time.
You can't text the hoes you act like you're in a relationship with but you're really not. You can't Google how fykkin magnets work. You can't refresh your Facebook page to see if anyone liked your witty Facebook status that you secretly jacked from someone else. 
The hell. And to make matters worse (this is the single man's review btw) where the dimes at? All I see are a bunch of buddy holly or rivers cuomo circa maladroit  lookalikes talking about isosceles triangles and shortcuts to work in this jawn while eating tacos with carrots in it. 
Come on, son. Like your father, I am disappoint.
Landmark is a beautiful place, though. Can house a bunch of people. Spacious. Food is scrumptious. Booze not that expensive. No cover charge. No cavity search. You know what? This is a spot you bring a date that's not quite ready for that good venue, but not about the hood bar where you can get five people drunk for ten bucks.
That average ass medium. Hence three stars.
Yes indeed, family. This is YET another case of a Philadelphia bar when before opening... owners be like : 1. We got booze? check. 2. we got edible food? Chairs? Check and check. What about an identity?
tumbleweed.GIF travoltalookaround.GIF 
In other words, There's no draw to this place.
I'm out of here though. That's my time, yall.
My phone is on 20% and they're playing heavy by Linkin Park, which is very fitting.
HOLDING OOONNNNNNHOHNONNNNNNN
WHY IS EVERYTHING SO HEAVY?This is a great place to go for Drexel and Penn students and I often see many people who are employees at these schools here, too. However, I wouldn't come to Landmark unless I was already close by.  All of the food is decent, but it's also very ordinary. Happy hour offers some good deals on food, but leaves a lot to be desired drink wise.
Service can also be pretty rough at times, but it varies.Not bad, not bad... the wings are kind of small but the flavor was nice. Fries were good too. The service (girlfriend and I sat at the bar) was great, our bartender/server was really nice. If you haven't been before, it doesn't hurt to try esp if it's convenient (got right off 34th st station).I came here for a monday night music bingo, and that was really fun... also fun if you cheat with Shazaam. Just sayin'.
So I am not a fan of my campus having an overpriced bar that attracts bros, so I haven't gone. But they have really great daily specials for beer. Check them out. Okay fine I'll look them up and post them here for you, you twisted my arm...
MONDAY - $3 Coronas ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Margaritas (But just lime ones, and they're weak and very small.)
TUESDAY - $3 Blue Moon ALL DAY
$2 You Call Its
WEDNESDAY - $2 Coors Light ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Three Olives Drinks
THURSDAY - $2 Miller Light ALL DAY
10-12 $2 You Call Its
FRIDAY - $2 Bud Light ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Sweet Teas
SATURDAY - $2 Coors Light ALL DAY
10-12 Absolut and Red Bull
SUNDAY - $2 Miller Light ALL DAY
10-12 $2 Yuengling
HAPPY HOUR MON-FRI 4-7, $2.50 High Life, $3.50 Sangria, 1/2 Finger Food 
They also have some food specials. Here is a link to their specials: http://www.landmarkamericana.com/ph-specials.htm
Sangria is good, but most of the menu seems a bit pricey outside of happy hour... but those nachos... THOSE NACHOS ARE AMAZING.
CAN I JUST SAY THOSE NACHOS ARE AMAZING.
Wait staff is really friendly, patient, helpful. and their nachos are amazing.The quote next to the star rating for 2 stars says "Meh. I've experienced better." That about sums it up.
I got the crab cake sandwich and my partner in crime got the adult grilled cheese. We came in for a quick lunch and it did its job, but sadly, I just don't remember much about the actual food except it was decent. 
Okay. I've sat here for 15 minutes looking at the screen, trying to come up with something witty or informative. I've got nothing for you. It wasn't bad food, the service was fine, but I just can't come up with a memorable thing to say about it... Go if you are looking for standard American fare with decent service in UCity.I went in and placed an order for a bowl of tomato soup. TOMATO SOUP. I brought it back to my apartment only to find a nice hot bowl of marinara sauce. MARINARA SAUCE. I don't even know what to say. They couldn't make tomato soup?! They gave me hot marinara sauce right out of a jar of Ragu and expected me to not complain?! How hard is it to make tomato soup?! Landmark, I usually enjoy your food but you just gave me all the more reason to omit you as a viable option for somewhat decent dining. I could have poured a jar of marinara sauce in a bowl and microwaved it instead of paying $8 for you to do it for me.Great place to hit during happy hour, they have $3.50 red/white sangria's that  are pretty awesome get there at after 4pm and receive 1/2 off finger foods...Three coworkers and I came here for happy hour after work one afternoon. They have a nice outdoor patio with plenty of seating, but that day, there was a distractingly loud musician playing on the patio, so we opted for the indoors.
The inside of Landmark Americana is a little dark, but spacious. Notable happy hour specials included $3.50 sangria and $3 Oak and Coke (Rum and Coke). I expectantly ordered the sangria, but was a little disappointed when it came out, as the only fruit in the whole drink was a single slice of orange perched at the edge of the glass. The rest of the drink was essentially sugary red wine. That being said, the tall glass was only $3.50 so I can't complain too much. Maybe their regular cocktails are better. 
Food-wise, Americana was solid. We ordered an appetizer of soft pretzels, which came in the form of four sticks paired with spicy honey mustard dipping sauce and melted cheese. The pretzels were warm, soft, and carby, just like a pretzel should be. We also got an order of chicken nachos which were HUGE, easily divided among four people with nachos to spare. By the time my order of the Southwest burger with beer battered fries came out, I was pretty stuffed. The burger was meaty and well-cooked, but it was not a gourmet burger. Nonetheless, it hit the spot. The fries were satisfying as well with their crispy shell. Good service was present throughout our meal.
All in all, we had a great time at Landmark. The food is pretty standard bar food, but the happy hour deals are good and the restaurant could easily seat large groups if need be. I wouldn't come here again for the food, but the happy hour prices and company can't be beat!I've been to the Landmark in West Chester many times, so I decided to give the new Philly location a try. I give the "one" star, only because of how poor the service was. My food was so-so (once I got it)...decent beers on tap, but like I said, awful service. My boyfriend and I sat there for 20 minutes until a server even approached us. She didn't know what beers were on tap, and didn't know what flavors of margherita's they had. Unacceptable! It took another 20 minutes to get our drinks, and I'd say 30 more minutes to get our food. Insane! The place wasn't even remotely busy! However, once we got our food..it was decent and we did enjoy it, although it's grossly over-priced. If you go after 11 though, I think they have some specials. I went back to give it a second chance, thinking I just got a bad server and the same thing happened. Awful, awful service. They're either understaffed, or don't know how to train their employees. Either way, I won't be back. Stay away. Go down the street to Mikey's! Much cheaper! Better service!If you have been driving west on Market from Center City, lately, you may have noticed that Drexel has built a new recreation center on the north side of the street between 33rd and 34th. Inside of this building is a restaurant that is a chain from South Jersey. 
Finally, a decent restaurant on campus. It had to happen eventually. It is quite nice inside. There is a bar, a large dining room, and a nice waiting lounge. There is also a private dining area that could probably be cordoned off for office parties and receptions. Also, it is a nice place to be before or after Drexel plays any indoor sports.
The food was pretty good. I had a Reuben sandwich, and it was tasty and came with fries. We also ordered a lobster quesadilla for the table and that was pretty awesome, there were fairly large chunks of lobster chopped up into it. Someone else ordered the little sliders which are cool since they give you a sampling of their older brothers on that plate. She said that the black and bleu one was not all that great, but then again it didn't come with any other toppings aside from the cheese. But the menu has lots of different options.
Though I was not drinking at this lunch, the tap list looked good. There was a limited run of Dogfish Head and Chimay. They also have Duvel Green in bottles in addition to a line-up of customary bottles. There is also a long list of wines, but I am not knowledgeable enough to critique.
Also, you can totally rub elbows with the administration here: I briefly met the Interim President of Drexel, there, today.Location is great and that is about all that is even close to average.  The food was as generic as TGI Fridays and I can actually say lower in quality than any national chain.  I paid way to much for a very below average meal.  I wish this place was better as I live so close to the location.  There are far too many great casual spots and Phila to ever return to this establishment.I love this place! I have been going here since I started college and I love it. However I do have to admit I wish they changed their menu more frequently along with their drink specials. I feel like its a bit repetitive. Their hot mess fries, quesadillas, and all their desserts are amazing. Def worth the try! The location and service has always been great for me. This place is your perfect night out or happy hour session!No wonder this place has only 3 stars. Service was horrible. Took about 15 minutes to get a drink. The server took our order with the drinks order and my "appetizer". I didn't receive until I was finished with my entree. Offered me desert before my appetizer came out. I mean I guess she was tired because she sat with us to take our order. I don't even remember her name, she didn't introduce herself to us. 130 on a Sunday is so busy here. I think they sat us in the minority corner also because we felt so neglected.  never again....and I ain't get no ketchup. And the wings sucked.Simply put, its a great atmosphere.  The menu is pretty good and the prices are fine.  Happy hour here is great, and sometimes you get a live dj on the weekends.  Overall a good place to be . . . doesn't hurt that they have Sam Adams Cherry Wheat on tap!I live out of town and was walking from AMTRAK and knew this was on the Drexel Univ. campus on Market St. 
Asked some students about location and they looked clueless and didn't say anything.  Just think they are not friendly.
But I found it and went inside and it is pleasant with a very friendly staff, from the front counter to waitress to manger.....all pleasant people.
Ordered a great burger with fries and nice cold beer.  Couples there and students with laptops doing homework.
Has a nice long bar and elevated tables to see sports on the large flat screens.
Like this place and will be back.$2.5 ying ling for happy hour and 50 cents wings on sunday. 
Atmosphere is chic and trendy. Good for lounging and just having a good time.We use to go here all the time two years ago. The food isn't as good as it use to be. The last two times I went there, the chicken was very raw on the inside. Very disappointed in how they treated us last time. The manager just said he apologized and couldn't do anything about the chicken. However, the waitresses were very kind to us.the guac was good but pretty boring (i like it with lime and garlic) and i am not into battered fries (aren't they fried enough already?) but I really dug the veggie burger.  very well flavored on a soft warm bun which was perfectly proportioned to the burger.  i often find that a decent burger can be ruined by a bun that is too hard and/or too big.  i will go back for this again!  outdoor firepit seating is great, there were people hanging out with their dogs and the bartender did a decent job with a french martini even though nobody had ever heard of it before.  a chill place.There were three people at hostess counter, but none said hi or good evening. One just opened with, "Do you want to wait for 25 min?" However, one good thing was that the wait wasn't that long, so we were pretty happy to be seated sooner. 
The food was a bit of a disappointment compared to the upbeat, young, trendy vibe of the atmosphere. The Buffalo Chicken Tenders weren't for dipping. Instead, they came out slathered with honey bbq sauce and were rather unappetizing to look at. Maybe the wings are better but don't go for the chicken tenders option.
The Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes sandwich was a mistake. Much too salty, and the crab cake was tiny - barely any crab meat! Sandwich roll was much too buttered.
My friend ordered the Carne Asada and I tried a wrap. Meat was good but wasn't very hot. Doesn't come out as a sizzling platter either. Guac was okay. 
Overall, didn't measure up to its sleek appearance. There are definitely better options around University City for American food.After moving to West Philly in September, Landmark has become one of my favorite places! 
My boyfriend is a Drexel student, and he introduced me to this place. We often go here with some friends to watch a sports game or play quizzo. The bartenders are really friendly, and I dig the overall ambiance! It can get a very "college bar" feel depending on the day, but I don't mind that; plenty of locals frequent here. 
They have cheap late night drink specials just about every night. I especially liked their $3 margaritas they had one Monday night! 
I recently had brunch here, and it was awesome! I had avocado toast, which had guacamole on top of two decent sized pieces of toast, with two sunny side up eggs on top, in addition to a balsamic vinaigrette salad and crispy home fried potatoes on the side. Delicious! I chased it down with a flying fish winter lager. For you Drexel students, brunch is half off! Lucky you! 
Speaking of beer, their beer selection is pretty diverse, so there's something for everyone. And you can't beat $2.50 Narragansett's if that's your style! 
For you sports fans out there, this a great place to watch a game. There are multiple TV's, so you can request which game you want on if there are multiple going on the same night. My boy is a Packers fan, and they've always been respectful enough to put his game on one of the screens. 
Overall, this place is super chill! Check it out!Nacho's with pulled pork. It's prettier before we demolished it. Nice concept, great spin on nacho's.  Did I mention it was good.  I didn't...it was pretty awesomeAlmost by default, Landmark Americana will succeed. Believe me, it is not because the slightly above average bar, or mediocre happy hour. Definitely not for its tolerable bar food. It's proximity to Drexel will all but guarantee its continued success.
College students want access to a bar that has plenty on draft, is close enough to stumble home from and/or is large enough to accommodate any student group. Build it and they will come.Ugh, Landmark...you have such potential, but always fall short! Went here with two girlfriends the other night and was just terribly disappointed. I got the homemade veggie burger and it lacked all flavor! In their defense, my friend got the same thing (she gets it every time and LOVES it). But in addition to the food, the service was just lacking. Our waitress was super nice, but annoyingly ignorant. "How much are the Blue Moons?" "Oh I think they're three, or four, or five dollars. I'm actually not sure. I can check." She comes back and says, "Blue Moons are $5.50." We had to ask for drink refills. The oreo delight dessert was 2 oreo ice cream sandwiches (the ones you get at the gas station) cut in half and topped with whipped cream. Really? If it weren't across the street from the law school, I wouldn't be back...I've been here quite a few time and everything was just A-OK. The service is generally very slow. I recommend sitting at the bar so you can wave down the bartender when you need something. Their happy hour specials keep me coming back. It seems to be the place everyone wants to meet and I am still trying to figure out why.Terrible service. Always so slow. They have good specials but when we ordered a pitcher of beer from our waitress and she disappeared for 30 min. When she finally came back with the beer I asked her to take it off our check because we waited so long. She sends a manager over who was incredibly rude. He offered us half off our $5 pitcher of beer and told me a 30 minute wait for a beer is totally normal. He ended up still charging me full price for the pitcher after telling me I clearly don't know how beer and kegs work. Honestly a ridiculous way to treat guests. Will never come back.I've only tried their brunch, but it is so worth the 50% off on Sundays for Drexel and Penn students!! Generous portions and good food. I'll definitely be back to try their happy hour and drink specials. The deals look good!Firstly: the hostess was extraordinarily rude. The waiter we had was a sweetheart, but there were some other issues with the meal itself that undermined our feelings about his service (we had to ask for place settings after the food arrived, the salad was dressed when we asked for dressing on the side, etc.)I come here for post-work happy hours sometimes.  The food and drink selection is fine and the outdoor seating is nice.  There is always something on special, though the happy hours can be confusing - on multiple occasions even the bartenders haven't been able to tell us what was included.  With that said, the real downfall of this place is lack of organization and poor service.  There are some good waiters and waitresses and they are much appreciated, but many are pretty clueless and don't really care.  I've had beer spilled on me, extra charges put on the bill, things we were told were part of happy hour charged regular price, etc.  Different staff will tell you different things (you can sit here vs. no you can't sit here...what?).  Overall, this place is convenient and delivers food and drink-wise, but can be a frustrating experience due to managerial lapses and poorly trained waitstaff.A solid 3 stars. The place was clean and bright. I could see the bar area but was here for a lunch and the tables were fairly empty. 
The servers were nice (and did a water refill when we ran out). The food was good. I had a large house salad with balsamic vinegar dressing and the salad was fresh and well balanced. The roll was pretty good too. My friend had a salmon burger, which included a pretty hefty piece of salmon with a reduced soy sauce and fries. The fries were pretty good/addicting. Not super crunchy (I love them super crunchy) but they were well seasoned and I kept reaching over to grab more. 
I will definitely try the salmon sandwich next time. I can only give this place 3 stars for now since the salad, while good, was nothing to rave about. Also, mildly disappointed that they had all these tables/chairs/umbrellas set up for outdoor seating, but the area wasn't open. On a beautiful day like yesterday, having the option to sit outside would have been really awesome.If you are a Drexel or Upenn student- totally go here for brunch on the weekends. We went on Sunday and they have a special menu they give you 50% off, so we got 4 full plates of food for 16$. Plus the food was soooo good!! Hot and fresh. I suggest the breakfast nachos because they were amazing!!Great salmon BLT! I liked the atmosphere and the drinks were pretty good as well. I will definitely be back.The location is extremely convenient for students and for people who work in University City.  That being said, I've been there several times (for the sake of convenience) and have never experienced good service.  I was giving them a chance because they were new and was even looking into planning a company event for 100+ people there.  Unfortunately, recently one of my colleagues received extremely poor treatment.  We have decided to hold our celebration elsewhere and I will not be back to this establishment.We waited 30 minutes for drinks, were never offered water, and it took 30 more minutes for him to come back to ask if we needed anything. 
After all that, brought back our change and it was short. Granted, he had withheld the actual coin change but it was incredibly arrogant to keep ANY money after we complained about poor service.Terrible service. Waited forever to get our food, once it came, my friends "gluten free" sandwich had fries on it, and by the time her replacement came, we were already finished our food. Glassboro location is much better.Wow! Probably the worst and overpriced burger you could find in all of University City; the only selling points of Landmark are when they have the cozy outdoor section during the warm weathers and right on Drexel campus. Their food quality has declined a LOT throughout the years. Totally understand that it is an all American restaurant but sometimes the waiters and waitress are rude to non-American looking customers... Sadly I would like to spend my money elsewhere for a quick dinner.On a beautiful, brisk fall day, I needed a place where I could watch my football game without big cooped up inside or in a dark bar.  Landmark was just what we were looking for- full bar available outside...fire pits, two big tvs, and very accommodating to put in game of choice.  Didn't stay for food this time, but the menu looked enticing.When you're in this area at Drexel, it's true your options are limited. You know what? You still shouldn't go. Unless all you want is to grab a beer on the patio on a warm Spring day, avoid this crapfest. Hike a few blocks in any direction (Sabrina's!) and you'll be much happier.Used to be a place that I went to every Friday nite.  Great late night happy hour specials, good enough food (I mean its a sports bar so I'm not expecting gourmet).  There's usually a DJ, and on those cool nights, you can sit outside around the fire pits.  I always came for the 1/2 price menu (after 11pm) which include $6 nachos (with meat, because that's extremely important), $1 fries, $6 samplers, $3 Sangrias, $5 shots, $2 beers just to name a few.  
It's located on Drexel University campus so college kids are usually the norm. This is a cool spot to come and hang out with friends, or meet new friends, which ever you prefer.I've never been a huge fan of landmark as I am not a big wing ding person but this visit has kinda given me a reason to return. I shared an order of Thai wings which were meh, they were more spicy than I'd expected. But I ordered the Harvest salad and was pleasantly surprised. The walnuts were covered in what tasted like brown sugar. The greens were fresh and the strawberries were a good compliment to the salad and goat cheese (which was a substitute for the blue cheese). The salad also came with a side of Brussels sprouts and squash (I think). The sprouts weren't as caramelized as I'd prefer and the squash (if that's what it was) was tasty. So now if someone suggests Landmark instead of diverting them elsewhere I can look forward to having another delicious Harvest salad.Can I give 3.5 stars??!! Landmark is the place we end up when we don't want to cook, it's about 530pm on Saturday and you've spent over an hour trying pick some place on Yelp but no one can agree. It's ok. The wings are what crank this place up over 3 stars.Oh, the wings...Love it so much. So so much. Great vibe there as well.I ate at the bar and had a grilled cheese & tomato soup. The soup was thick enough to make me think I was accidentally served a bowl of marinara sauce instead! The grilled cheese was pretty good, but overall the meal was definitely not worth the $10 I paid. I won't eat there again if I can avoid it (although it's conveniently located right by Drexel....)Great place! The weekdays the place is quiet and very professional vibe. Weekends and nights the atmosphere changes and the crowd gets young and crowded. The food has always been on point and the Landmark combo is maybe my favorite meal. Also love coming here during sport events as they have all the local teams and major games on large TV's.a nice sports bar, plenty of big screen HD'sThe food is 3 stars but I added another star for the overall vibe. If you are looking for a good happy hour with decent food and drink prices than landmark is your place to go. The location and the atmosphere are great. There is even an outdoor space and not to mention the live band. I went here one afternoon for happy hour and enjoyed the nice weather by eating some delicious food while listening to their live band. I ordered their grilled wings, chicken fingers, and old bay fries (I recommend all three) for less than $17 happy hour prices. You will not regret it.Good place for happy hour, nice deals and okay drinks. 
The food could use a little work - their wings and nachos are coated in sauce. Tasty, but the amount of grease was a bit shocking.Any restaurant on a college campus makes me skeptical, but Landmark gave a good first impression. Participating in their University City Dining Days, I got the chance to try their Lobster Quesadillas and Margherita Flatbread, along with some Sea Bass, and Chicken w/ Lump Crab meat (split between me and mi novia of course). Everything was delightful, including the sides of mashed potatoes and asparagus. The waitress was knowledgeable enough to suggest a white wine to mi novia who DOESNT LIKE WHITE WINE. Any server who can do that passes my test for competency. For dessert, the Banana Xango (fried tortilla with banana, cinnamon ice cream and whipped cream) was fantastic enough for me to want to come back for more. And dessert is hardly every enough to lure a second arrival. Their Brownie Sundae was delicious, too, but the Xango definitely hit the spot.
Bring your appetite. The portions are HUGE. Their happy hours are intriguing, including 1/2 priced finger foods (oh em gee) and some cheap beers and 'tails. 
The seating outside was interesting and spacious, but if it's anything higher than 85 degrees, head inside where it's air conditioned.What a pleasant surprise! I met a friend for lunch largely for convenience of the place, near Drexel and Penn campuses. 
I wasn't expecting more than average sports bar food. The place is on the ground floor of an office building. It's long and expansive with a bar along one side and plenty of TV's for sports enthusiasts, and booths on the other. 
It might have been a bit risky to order a seared tuna salad in a sports bar. But, it was fresh and delicious. Served on a bed of spring lettuce with vegetables and avocado; and I swapped the pineapple for tomato. Aside from the out of season unattractive and flavorless tomatoes, it was wonderful. (Why these restaurants even bother with restaurant supplier bad produce mystifies me). 
My friend had a crispy chicken wrap (see photos) with perfectly crispy fries I had a few of. We agreed I should take photos at the beginning of the meal, but I hadn't thought about Yelping until inspired by my salad!
Service left a lot to be desired. The waiter had an attitude of being too busy elsewhere to bother with us. He left our food without bothering to ask if we needed anything else. I did as my ice water tasted like soap. Then he brought my friend a second beverage without asking if I wanted another. And, the place was not at all busy.  
I would definitely return if I need to be in the area and am in the mood for such fare.I like it. the place is clean and the waitresses there are nice, i mean, most of them...They have lots of happy hours so you can pretty much enjoy yourself anytime you want. expecially on Sunday, they have 50 cents chicken wings!!! I went there with 4 of my friends and it only cost us 25 bucks for all the wings. definitely a bargain, worth a shot!I've been to landmark a few times and I must say that the quality of service has gone down significantly. We were sitting by the fire pits for 10 mins without a server approaching us. Then I spent another 10 mins trying to get a drink at a bar. We also had to ask 3 people 3 separate times to start the fire pit. Absolutely horrible service.  Will never come here againThis is a very average establishment. The best thing they have to offer is their fries. I've tried a few different flavors and they all have been very good. Now food? Uhhh imma have to pass. The wings are ok, I used to like their cheesesteak rolls but something changed, and never order the garlic Parmesan wings are not what you would expect. They were wings covered in garlic gravy. I have never had anything like it and not in a good thing. Garlic parm is usually garlic and Parmesan cheese not a gravy. BUT their sangrias are my faveeeee. Go during happy hour and you shall pay only $3, buy a bunch and you'll be very happy. All in all, go for fries and sangrias.Boy this place is awful.  Ordered a burger, asked for it medium rare and it came back a dull shade of grey.  Sent it back and asked for a refund because its clear the guys cooking in back have no clue what they're doing.  None of the food you eat at landmark is fresh, it's all frozen and canned crap thats reheated in a microwave and then allowed to sit on the counter for 30 minutes.. As for the service, you'll be lucky if you see your waitress more than once throughout the meal.  Wanna order takeout? Good luck with that cause they never answer the phone and there is rarely someone at the front to greet you when you walk in.  I like to think of myself as an understanding guy and I wouldave forgiven landmark and passed the lackluster experience off as an anomaly only if I had received an apology from the manager or atleast a complimentary meal.  But no, all I got was a "sorry" from the indifferent waitress. In a sense I'm thankful for bad customer service experiences like this because it makes me work hard in my own business abd take care of my clients because I know how awful it feels to receive bad service.
Thanks landmark!I've been to Landmark numerous times in hopes that the service will eventually improve; it has not. I go regularly because the food (when it actually comes out hot) is delicious and better than any of the other casual American dining, eat - in places in University City. 
I was there yesterday; we sat down and waited 10 minutes (after ordering) for our water to be brought to the table and it literally took 25 minutes for the server to bring 2 tomato soups, one of which was accompanied by their grilled cheese sandwich; by the time the food arrived the cheese inside the sandwich had hardened and the request for " extra well done" bacon was substituted by gross, undercooked bacon...so gross it had to be removed. 
I hate leaving bad reviews for restaurants, however, if the management at Landmark pays any attention to their Yelp! account there is still hope that the appropriate changes can be made. It has the potential and location to be one of the best places to go in this area but the service needs to improve. After the past several experiences I've had it makes it hard to want to return.Service and food are totally sub par. Our waitress forgot our beers and brought them out after our appetizer of grocery store tortilla chips and guacamole. The ahi tuna burger was gross - it honestly reminded me if cat food.Went with coworkers afterwork for Happy Hour. They were completely out of the Happy Hour white wine AND  the "next level" wine they would have used in place of it. So I had to pay full price for a glass of white wine during happy hour...4 years later (since my last review) & still a hot mess smhLike this place for the half price apps and sangria specials. ($3.50 red or white) Reccomend for an after work get together.The smell that smacks you in the face when you walk in the front door is absolutely disgusting! How on earth does management let this continue?? Everything you touch, from the menus to the bar counter itself is sticky... The furniture is completely soiled that it looks like someone sat in their own oily, filthy self for a decade. If that's how the front of the house is, I don't even want to think about the kitchen... Stay away!!!If your a student at Drexel it's Tuesday night and your parents come to visit and take you to dinner. You say hay it's $2 dollar Toco night at landmark. With $3 dollar blue moon beer. Nice part about Tuesday night the crowd was small. Got right in and we're seated at a window. 
Ordered hot wings to start. They were good, not the best I had but good . The toco deal allows you to order different tocos so we chose one of each. My personal best was also what our server recommended. The Ahi tuna and the Asian short rib. I would pass on the fish toco . The smoked chicken would be my second choice. 
Great service from Hayley. Very attentive friendly and fast. $ 8 dollars per glass for Merlot was a good choice overall a good dining experience.I've been here a few times and never seem to write a review. 
The hostess seem lost and overwhelmed the guest have to remind then who is who and who's next. 
I order the same thing every time and it never disappoints: the Salmon BLT (without any bacon or wasabi sauce). Best Salmon burger I have ever had. It comes with a side of fries not a fan of sweet potato and the Old Bay can be a little salty, you can't go wrong with the regular Landmark fries.  
The ambiance is pretty dope. I could do without the high top tables much rather just sit at a booth for the privacy. 
You cannot go wrong with the $4 Vodka cocktails on Friday nights for someone who doesn't drink like myself, not strong at all. 
I have always received nothing less than great service with all of my visits. Sucks they don't have better reviews don't think many factor in that it is bar on a college campusUnfortunately I've loved this place for years until now...went last night waited 20 minutes which is understandable for a Friday night at 9:30. We got seated in the back room, which I've never sat in before and it felt like we were in a whole other dining experience then the rest of the restaurant. First of all the service was absolutely awful. Our waiter barely came by, forgot all of our drinks (only 3 of us at the table) only refilled one, had a food runner run our food to the wrong table TWICE! No utensils,napkins, plates etc. waited 20'min for those after our nachos came out. Got our food and then waited another 20 min for ketchup that she gave to the people next to us with NO food on their table. 30 min went by with out seeing her. My drink was a Moscow mule with jalapeño garnish- it was filled with seeds and limes and half of a jalapeño. Disgusting. She then gave us our check with out asking if we wanted anything else or even dessert which we would have gotten. We pay and split the bill and sign and what not- she then stopped and looked at what tip we left her on the receipts while we're all still at the table with 4 dirty plates still Infront of us.  We never even got a glass of water. She takes the receipts and then just takes the ketchup away- like she was trying to " clean up". I have loved this place for the last 3 years I've lived here, next day 2 out of 3 of us don't feel well and have had some bathroom issues. I will never come here again.Great food and sections of beer. Have gone here numerous  times after work and always a great happy hour. Priced reasonably.My take on the place-been here three times
Buffalo wings-ordered mild and medium-neither is a buffalo wing-they both have some type of bbq sauce (tomato, sugar versus pepper, vinegar based) which is disappointing although the wings are fresh (no dark shriviled bones) and decent size
Chili-ok-again not horrible but not great, just average
Grilled cheese sandwich-pretty good-not greasy, what you'd expect
Tomato soup-too acidic
Pizza-not bad-you won't rant and rave about it but it is edible
All in all basic sports bar food-you want different or better-go somewhere else
The place doesn't pretend to be something it isn't
Very Good beer selection-they have actually heard of a craft beer
If you sit at the bar- the bartenders are very attentive and friendly
My waitress at my table was fine-she was inexperienced, forgetful but friendly- Because I knew this wasn't her career job I cut her a break
Place is clean, great slection of  tvs, bartenders are friendly
I like the set up, location and tv's
If food was slightly better-would be a home run 
I can always tell when managers and employees don't care and place is about to close; they still care here although the next time I get a hello will be my first but that's minor
Good crowd for the Eagles game-just rowdy enough to show interest without concern for violence
Prices reasonable
I'll go back againI came here to eat about a month ago with 2 friends. We walked in through the front doors, and asked to be seated in the outside section, and the girl at the front just pointed towards the outside section and told us that the outside section is self seated. So my friend and I walked through the entire restaurant to walk to the outside section. There was a table open, so my friend and I sat down. It was a pretty nice day, and it wasn't crazy busy, but there were about 7 other tables seated before us. While we were sitting at the table, no menus were brought to us, and the waiter and waitress actually made eye contact and saw us, and did nothing. After about 10-15mins of waiting, I literally got up, walked over to the waiters station and grabbed menus and took them back to the table. We were waiting for our third friend to show up, and about 10 minutes after I grabbed the menus for our group, a waitress finally acknowledged our table, and asked us if we wanted drinks, then proceeded to bring us two glasses of water. When our third friend showed up, it took them another 10 minutes to bring a glass of water for my other friend. When we finally ordered, and got out food, it was pretty mediocre. I had gotten BBQ wings, and they were so hard I probably could've shattered my teeth if I ate them all. I guess whoever cooked them must have forgotten them in the fryer, I don't really know. Also, the wings came with celery sticks, literally like 4 pieces. I asked the waitress if I could have extra, and she brought me a small bowl with 4-5 more pieces...Landmark never disappoints. My boyfriend and I been coming here since our first do over date (the real first date is a whole different story ) lol.
We love their cheesesteak rolls and wings ! So flavorful and done with love. We also love that they have an on going special of $3 oak and cokes . So great food and drink this where u wanna be. They even have late night happy hour specials as well and themed nights for when you want to have a little fun while eating. Check them out !My boyfriend and I came to landmark last week. As soon as the waitress came over to our table we asked her for the specials. We selected from what we were told were specials and I also ordered a buffalo chicken wrap. When my buffalo chicken wrap arrived it was drenched in hot sauce. I told the waitress that I've order a buffalo chicken wrap from Landmark on numerous occasions and it's never been this bad. At first she said this is how it's supposed to be but when she came back she agreed that the wrap was soaked in hot sauce. My wrap was remade and good for the most part. 
When the check came out our specials were not taken off. We notified the waitress and she apologized stating that she told us the wrong info and my boyfriend's food was not on the special's list. She spoke with her manager and there was nothing that could be done. I asked to speak to the manager and he also said nothing could be done. I'm not the type of person to cause a scene. I was very calm and I spoke to him in a respectable tone. My boyfriends told him that we will not pay for the bill if it's not lowered. To make a long story short lol he ended up taking something off but the price was not where it should've been. As a manager you should do any and everything to please your guest. The worst customer service I've ever experienced. I will never return.Crap. Avoid this disgusting place at all costs. 
My friend found a bug in their food and these people didn't care to as much even bat an eyelid.I went there again and this time, I sat outside and went to the outside bar. My friend ordered a white sangria & thought it tasted like club soda. She went to the bar to complain about it and apparently it's not really a sangria. It's a "sangria spritzer". The bartender said it was half sangria, half water.
What? False advertisement much?
I went for the $3 blue moon special & the beer I got wasn't cold. I went up to the bar and ordered another later on and halfway filling up a cup, the tap ran out. It was at least 10-15 minutes before it worked again and the bartender added to that original cup and GAVE it to someone. Maybe that's why my first beer wasn't cold? 
I can only give stars for the outdoor seating. It was beautiful out when I went so it was really relaxing sitting around the fire pit (although it wasn't lit).3 stars, no more no less.
Their food is definitely not less than 3 stars, but I honestly can't give it as good as a 4. 
They have great happy hour specials and even late night happy hour specials -- check out their website for those. They have different specials rotating daily. Anything from $3 margaritas on Mondays to $3 coronas on a friday night.. half off appetizers during happy hour etc. They're always a default for me, when my friends and I don't know where to go. They're a decent bar with decent food and more than decent happy hour prices.
I've never had bad service either. It's at par for good service, and they have plenty of TVs that show big games going on in the area.So I have a very empirical, scientific test for determining the deliciousness quotient of a restaurant. It goes like this: when I'm presented with a superhuman portion at said restaurant (n.b. this test only works at places with large-ish portions), I say to myself, "only eat half of this so as to avoid a potential food coma"; should I be unable to exhibit sufficient self-control and proceed to devour the entire portion, thus inducing aforementioned coma, the food is, in fact, delicious. LA passed the test. 
On the advice of regular of the restaurant, a veritable Landmark connoisseur, I decided to try the prime rib sandwich. It was: 1) monstrous, and 2) delicious (as proven by the above formula). 
The experience was very good all around -- from the service through the prices -- and I would definitely stop by again.I have been here a couple times. I see myself to coming back during the summer and barely am here during the winter time.  Their outdoor area is the main reason I decide to visit Landmark Americana. They have a great outdoor area where you can meet friends for food and drinks.  Their menu is alright, and gets 3 stars for their location and ambiance.Meh. Stopped here after checking out the ROCKERS exhibit at Drexel for a quick bite and drink. I've been to the landmark on city Ave MANY times as I went to sju so I'm familiar with the menu and specials. Unfortunately, we were after happy hour was over and before the 9pm specials started. So I paid full price for the Thai chili tenders (only thing worth getting for me), which isn't really worth it... and a blue moon (miss those $2 blue moon Tuesday's). Definitely a fine spot to stop for happy hour or 9pm after specials. Pro tip: get the banana xango dessert, it's pretty good.I went on a Friday night, we was seated immediately. The food come out fast, it was good and there prices were perfect. No complaints, I like this place and it was my first time there. I will be back.Jess D. and I have been in a long and painful search to find a bar to watch the Eagles on Sunday that A) Has decent food and drink specials, B) Has good food, and C) Has multiple TVs with the audio of the game.  We recently went to check out Landmark after we heard about the 50 cent wings and $2 Yuengling special which runs all day.  We were seated right away with a clear view of 3 TVs.  All the TVs had the Eagles game on but when it was over they changed it so that each TV was playing a different Football Game (so they will likely have your team's game on at some point).  We ordered some beers and an order of wings, half Sweet & Spicy and half Thai Chili.  The wings were meaty and had a good amount of sauce on them but unfortunately they were cold.  We ate them anyways but I am hoping next time they will be served hot because I did like the atmosphere, deals, and service at Landmark.This is the 2nd landmark I've been to and I am not impressed. This time tried the crab dip and friend had a salad. Salad was good but the crab dip bread was stale and just nasty. The crab dip itself was bland. We had drinks and shots. My Mexican mule came in a plastic coffee mug, yes I said plastic, and it wasn't that good. Shots were great but you can't mess those up. Bar staff weren't really friendly. Same thing happened at the other landmark. Maybe they need better employees and better cooks.The hostess working on 12/7 at 9pm was incredibly rude to us and the food was cold very lack luster.I guess this place manages to survive as a college bar.  If you want a restaurant, avoid at all costs.  Many places to go within a block, that have infinitely better food and service.  This place was great years ago when it first opened, but it's been steadily going downhill as an eatery. Of late it's hit bottom.  I work on the area, so our dining choices are limited to walking distance.
Stopped by for lunch last week. The hostess station was unmanned.  We stood there for almost five minutes, joking with another party who was waiting.  Eventually two staffers came racing up, one asking other if anyone knew that the hostess had not shown up that day.
Since we knew this place has been on a downward spiral for food quality, I went for "foolproof".  I ordered a burger and fries.  My friends got soup and salad.  We sat and waited 45 minutes before the order hit the table.  The room is 3/4 empty of patrons.
The server who took our order had a trainee.  The server got the trainee's name wrong.  The trainee politely corrected the pronunciation, and the server ignored her.
  About 35 minutes into the wait, the substitute hostess seated another party next to us.  The server and her trainee quickly slid in sideways with their backs to us in order to take their order, so we could not flag them to inquire about the order.
 When the meals finally arrived ( they are brought out by different people ), the delivery guy misidentified my friend's seafood bisque as a fondue.  When asked, he told my friend "Well, they all look the same".
The sweet potato fries were absolutely stone cold, no exaggeration. The roll was stale. When I'd ordered, I'd asked for a small cup of mayo on the side.  it never arrived.  No ketchup on the table.
After we were all done eating, the original server showed up to check on us.  She sheepishly asked if everything was okay.  I was polite, but I told her that we'd waited 45 minutes for a burger and fries, the fries were cold, and the mayo side that I'd asked for never happened.  She said she was sorry.
Now, in a real establishment, the manager would come over to speak with a diner about a complaint. Not here.  The sweet potato fires are a $1.50 upcharge.  A common civil tactic would have been to at least knock that off the bill. Not here. 
The place really has an air of quiet desperation; where anyone who was at all capable or empowered has long since left.  Hopefully someday the owner(s) will take renewed interest in the establishment, and put some financing and effort back into it.Nice large sports bar on Drexel University's campus. I liked the chipotle burrito. The drink menu is pretty extensive. There are tvs everywhere. The waitstaff is very friendly. Cool place to come grab a few brewskis and watch a game.Ordered several meals for my daughter's birthday party but only one third of the meals showed up. The restaurant refused to redeliver the missing food. When I called the manager I was told he would call me back which never happened of course. First time and last time here.Nachos nachos nachos. That's my go to order whenever I don't want to try anything new here. I've had both their breakfast nachos and the regular (chicken) nachos. The portions are HUGE and can feed 2, and are well worth the price during happy hour. 
Wings. That's my second go to order. I've tried both the tenders and wings and honestly you can't go wrong with either. 
AVOID THE OLD BAY FRIES. They definitely do not taste like regular old bay! I've had multiple friends also agree with me that they taste weird and can't even finish half a bucket. Stick with the regular or sweet potato fries if you order.
The wait can be sometimes unreasonably long to get your food. Also, I've been there once where I had to wait almost 20 minutes until someone asked if we were ready to order, though I understand that they were busy that day and looked understaffed.I would give this place a 3.5 but I'll be generous... I've been here twice all within three days! 1. dining days 2. monday night for music bingo!!!
the place is quite nice, lovely to be exact... there is also outdoor seating and an outdoor bar! the seating however is not pleasant when it's humid or hot outside... it's quite nice at night though!
the portions are very large like everyone has said! the entrees are nice portions but the appetizers and desserts are very, and i mean very large! it's not as expensive as I would assume since it is on Drexel's campus... their specials are really good and def. worth it.
their staff is the only reason why it would get a lower grade. i had to tell the server she was wrong and what the special was for the night.. she went back to her little computer to check if i was right came back giggled, tilted her head and gave me an excuse why she didnt know the special... uhm, no i shouldnt do your job lady. and the fact that she was rude because my friend and i had water wasn't very helpful. she kept coming back to our table making sure we weren't going to order alcohol. jeez louise!Quick and easy delivery. Never any mistakes and the food is always fresh and hot. My son and I both enjoy the crab cake sandwich.  The sweet potato fries with the dipping sauce are our favorite!Showed up here midweek after a 76ers game, so it was about 9:30-ish. The tone for the entire evening (and my subsequent rating) was sullied by the first two minutes. We walked in, stood awkwardly at the vacant hostess stand, and were not greeted by anyone. i motioned to the bartender and asked if it was OK to just seat ourselves. She said yes. We found a table for two, and then proceeded to have each server, hostess and other staff member look at us like we just held up the 7-11 around the corner. Some assistant manager (I'll give him the benefit of the doubt by calling him that) sauntered over and said "Do you want a table?". Well, we're sitting at one, so that's an odd question. I replied that I asked the bartender and she said sit anywhere. A scowl crossed his face and he abruptly left, most likely to ream out said bartender. Several minutes passed, and he returned, only to throw two menus down at us. 
The rest of the evening was uneventful (as it should be). The food was standard sports bar fare, nothing to crow about, but it was those first few minutes that earned this place its rightful rating.Due to its proximity to Drexel I've been here more times than I would like to admit. Basically, the food is like what you'd get at Ruby Tuesday, but you pay more. My last visit especially put me off. I was excited to see that they had started offering sweet potato fries, but as I started eating them, I realized they had been frozen. They weren't still cold, but it was that solid/crunchy consistency you get with just-frozen fries, and they did not taste good.
Drink menu is fine, a decent place to go for happy hour. Service is hit or miss, just depends on who you get. My last visit was especially horrible, and even though the place was dead, the server would go missing for over 10 minutes at a time.Bad service. Roaches everywhere. Saw a huge roach on the wall at the outside bar. Then more were on the ground. Never going back.This is a cool restaurant that offers standard bar food at a reasonable price.
I always wanted to check out the Landmark at this location and was glad I did. We had a large party and our seating was kind of tight with close corners, but we was able to make it work.
Landmark is a quality sports bar with multiple t.v's all around the restaurant, which all features sports entertainment. The atmosphere was chilled and relaxed and our waiter was okay, he was friendly however he did messed up a few of the orders but that was kindly corrected and all was well. 
I decided to order the fish and chips and the fish was cooked perfectly, it was crunchy on the outside and flavorful and the portions were reasonable. The wait for our food and table was also not bad.
Overall if I'm ever in the mood to watch the Eagles football game over some good food and drinks. I'll come to Landmark Americana.The wings are money! And $2.5 for a brew on a Sunday not bad at all. Don't really care for the fries, a touch too salty. Good atmosphere though.Never had a bad experience here. Food is pretty good and reasonably priced. 
I love their crab cake sandwiches.
Great wings.
Yummy fries.This is a great sports bar and the location can't be beat. I love coming here for the yuengling and 50 cent wings deals, and there are a ton of TVs along the walls (which the servers will change to any sports game if you ask nicely).Have gone here a couple times and have found it adequate, sort of reminds me of a larger better version of applebees/ fridays. Nothing really distinctive on the menu, pretty much bar food that tries to be a bit classier. Standard beer mix of craft and import beers.
Priced right during happy hour, so thats really the only time i ever go, and its the closest bar to my girlfriends apartmentI stopped in here last night for drinks prior to a movie and got some standard bar fare. I got the guacamole and sweet potato fries.  They were pretty decent.  Had a class of the house Riesling and my date got some Cabernet.   Not too special, just some cheapish house wine. The atmosphere was odd. Almost an entirely black crowd that was almost like a party--last night was a late Sunday night before a movie. I couldn't think of any reason why there would be something going on that night. In any case, I was ok with it, as we were only there for about half an hour before a movie.  If I was there for a full meal I would probably have not been too happy with the noise level. The bartender was not particularly attentive and it took awhile for our food to come out. I had to box the food as we were going to be late for the movie and a dramatic increase in attentiveness from the bartender happened just about as I was going to sign the check and decide the tip amount. It happens. 
Overall, pretty standard food and prices were pretty normal. Nothing too crazy here but it was nice how late the kitchen was open. (at least until 1030 on Sunday night).Jamie is an awesome bartender! Very nice and made my first experience here a great one! The food is out of this world and the outdoor patio is amazing. The beer and liquor selection is tremendous. I would recommend anyone in the area or any Drexel student to come check it out!They have a good atmosphere and the waitresses are pretty friendly. I usually like to get the fish and chips or the cream of tomato bread bowl if I'm on a quick lunch. So far, everything's good. Plus, their $.50 wings special on Sundays are a bargain.Sure, Landmark's food is cheap, and they have a pretty nice outdoor bar area, won't lie about any of that! However, the food is clearly straight off the sysco truck, very typical sports bar food. The waitstaff is a joke, they had five servers covering a not even 30 table section -- they need this many because they are mostly incompetent. For example, not one of them stopped to take our order after 45 minutes of waiting at their late night happy hour to order some food. Their manager didn't seem to have a problem with this when we spoke to him his reply was, "we had a bad night, so that's just too bad". Everything here is mediocre at its absolute best.This was the worst experienced I have every had in a Restaurant. On July 16th,my cousin and I were meeting friends there for drinks and something  to eat. When arriving  the host (Demetrius) was coloring on one of the kids menu activity games. He didn't say hello, he just  ask us for our id. He didn't  inform us that the kitchen was close. We received that information  after seating ourselves. The time comes to 1:55am, the bartender  ask if we wanted another round before close out. We stated that  we will pay our tab, finish our drinks and leave. At 2:03 Demetrius comes to the bar and states that they are close. We said alright our friend just has to finish her drink ,plus it was others  still drinking at the bar which he stated were employees. Demetrius  stays at the bar looking at us and than tells us to hurry up please. At this point  we felt like he was harassing  us. We called for the manager Mike who apologize for Demetrius action. We felt if we were 4 men sitting at the bar that Demetrius  wouldn't  approached  us the way he did. Mike stated  that he will have a talk with him. We said that the host  behavior  makes us not want to come back. Mike just said sorry, but didn't  offer to redeem our experience in coming back.The decor is great.  The outdoor seating with the fire pits are cool.  The beer selection is good.  The television screens are plentiful and big. This is a welcome addition to University City.  But the food is just blah.  I had a burger which was clearly a frozen patty and not cooked very well.  The menu is extensive, so maybe I would try something different next time, but if you can't get a burger right I don't think that bodes well for anything else. 
But I'd go here to grab a beer and nosh on some appetizers.  Go somewhere better for dinner.I frequent this place at least once a month. Landmark is located right on campus and almost always is crowded. I've never been disappointed with the service here. The must try items from the traditional menu are: bean burger, veg quesadilla, old bay fries, dessert bites and the pancakes from the weekend brunch menu are my favs. They also gave discounts on the brunch menu for the Penn and Drexel students with a valid I.D. and face happy hour deals on food too every day of the week!Came with a party of six, we were told the wait was 45 minutes. 60+ minutes passed and nothing. We checked with the hostess and the hostess said "I can't guarantee a time, I don't know when you'll be seated." Complete lack of customer service or concern that we had been waiting  for over an hour. Won't be back.Excellent American food, but a little overpriced.  So go during happy hour (M-F 4-7) when all their appetizers are half off.  The nachos, chicken fingers, nachos, crab fondue, fries, and nachos are all awesome. 
On the other hand, if you want to have a business meeting over lunch in a casual but nice atmosphere, this is the place.Be aware of their water down liquor idk what they do to it but something was not rightTerrible service with very unprofessional staff. If you sit at an outside table alone, a lady will come to your table and without any introduction she will make sure you know you have to order something, and she will do it in a way to make you feel like you not welcome. Not a nice way to start your experience at this place. Cosi, Savos or Mad Greek have better standards. Also, be prepared to pay 6 dollars for a small beer in a plastic cup.Landmark is a great bar for college students in UCity. I love the daily specials and the service. I'm a huge fan of the nachos! They have a great beer selection as well.We just had drinks and they have a variety of IPA beer here which is good. The staff is friendly and the environment is pretty cool. I'll will eat here next time.Landmark is a great restaurant if you're on Drexel's campus or your parents are coming to visit. They also have good happy hour. 
I always tend to get the appetizer sampler whenever the special is going on which is happy hour Monday through Friday 5-7 or on Sundays. The plate is only $9 for a chicken quesadilla, chicken tenders and fries - along with the perfect dipping sides. They also always offer $3 Narragansett and $3.5 red and white sangria which are delicious. 
The other options are the menu vary. I also enjoy the cheesesteak eggrolls, soft pretzels and the loaded nachos which are great for a large party or an appetizer. Definitely stop by here, the service is pretty consistent as well.I get it... because Landmark is located on a college campus the staff gets the pleasure of dealing with college students frequently.  Guess what... that doesn't mean you get to take it out on me.
While writing this review, I am torn between assigning it a 1-star or 2-star because of how poor an experience you will most likely have.  I have little good to say about my experience, other than I regret not meeting friends at a friendly location.  Average food, above average wait times, and below average service with a nice mix of rude.A really good place for happy hour, 7 days a week, reasonable price, best chicken nachos!Do not be fooled. This place may sell itself as a hip restaurant and sports bar that just happens to be on a college campus, this place is nothing more than a mediocre college watering hole trying to dress itself up. The food was subpar, and while the beer list was barely adequate, the service was weak, and the vibe was morose. When I went to pay, the waitress didn't know how much things cost, and had to go talk to her manager in the back and let us waiting. Never again. Save yourself the trouble.I was in the neighborhood one Friday afternoon and decided to meet up with my West Philly/U City friends who picked Landmark. I was happy about their selection since I'd heard goood things about their happy hour. I scored a table outside and the server was even nice enough to adjust the umbrella and bring me an ice cold water while I waited for my friends to arrive. What impressed me at first was the diverse and decent crowd of people ranging from early 20s to late 30s. The atmosphere on the patio was very summery which made me feel better about the fact that I wasn't heading "down the shore" like most of my other friends. The second thing that struck me was the friendliness of the people at Landmark... I made a few new friends and was bought 2 drinks before my friends even got there, talk about a good place for single people! I stuck to Sangria (on special for just $3.50!) the whole time and was impressed by our servers attentiveness to our drinks all night. I ordered the Nachos and they came in all their massiveness just a few minutes later. Looking at the plate I knew it was meant for 3- 4 people to share but somehow their deliciousness forced me to consume 90% of the plate. They tasted great and I say you try them when you visit Landmark next! My only complaint would be the prices after happy hour ended. Since they are one of the very few good places for Happy Hour in University City they can charge whatever they want I suppose. Maybe if they had some more competition they would be forced to lower some one their food and drink prices.
(Great spring/summer atmosphere on the patio + killer nachos) - high prices= 4 starsNothing bad to say about this place. This is my to go place when I want a decent meal and don't want to travel long distances. I think I pretty much tried all the burgers on the menu, my favorite would probably be the southwest burger. The burger for me always came out a little dry, so I suggest ordering one temperature down from your usual one. I also had the jambalaya. The chicken was actually moist and it had alot of good flavors. Looking forward to trying more things on the menu. Fries are always the best.Never going back. Not sure why it's called a sports bar. We went in the middle of the day with maybe 10 people in the place to watch Brazil vs. Cameroon World Cup game and they refused turn on the volume! Instead the had some crappy 80s music. 
When we asked why they told us they would only turn the volume on for US games...really. Being American, I'm all about patriotism but come on, it's the WORLD cup. 
We ended up just going down the block to New Deck tavern where they already had the volume on and the atmosphere was 10x better for sporting events anyway.One of the worst places I've ever been to in Philly.  They have terrible service, so-so food, and watered down drinks.  The only reason they do well is lack of competition.  The last time I went there I reminded myself that I'm never going there again.I've been to Landmark about 3 times in the past, so I thought it would be a good night out when my friends (7 of us) decided to go here for late night. After tonight, I will never set foot in Landmark again.
When we arrived, we had to find our own seats. We wandered around the place for about 10 minutes. About 10 different waiters walked by and completely ignored us. During this time, I noticed that there were plenty of tables that were suppose to seat 5 or more people but were currently occupied by 2 people. When my friend flagged down a waiter and asked if we could put 2 tables together, she was told that it couldn't be done. So, we finally found some seats. Once we sat down, we were told by a very rude waiter that the area was closed. We then found other seats and were told that we couldn't sit there either. Then, we finally found a table that would seat all of us. A busboy came over and without even acknowledging the fact that we were sitting there, he began to clean the table. He accidentally sprayed 2 of my friends with the cleaning spray and didn't apologize.
Then our waiter finally came, gave us menus, and then immediately asked for our orders. Umm, you didn't give us drink menus and you just gave us food menus. How are we suppose to know what we want yet? Use some common sense. When we told her we needed more time, she ran off.
We asked another waiter who was nearby to supply some menus. When I got her attention, she rudely walked over and said "What?" 
When our real waiter finally came back, 1 of my friends mentioned that we were a little disappointed by the service. Instead of apologizing, she spent her time explaining that they were very busy and she was being pulled in many different directions.
Well, guess what? I'll pull myself in a different direction the next time I decide to go out for late night. Landmark can forget about ever getting my money again.I liked it.  The menu was nice, kind of chic.  It seems like a nice place for business or college students and somewhere in between.  We had a large family group that ranged in ages and there was something for everyone.  Service was nice and the food was good.I was here on a Saturday at lunchtime. And very few patrons were there, which I liked.
It's a nice place. My guest and I were surprised with the pricing. You get value for the money here.
I ordered a roast beef sandwich and thoroughly enjoyed it. My guest enjoyed her meal as well. No complaints at all.I have come here for umpteen happy hours after work....each time  becoming successively less fun. It was almost empty at 430, but it took awhile for the hostess to acknowledge us and even longer for a server to take our order. Our usual nachos were still tasty, but the drinks were weak and took a long time to come out. It was so loud that you really can't carry on a civilized conversation. Too many other options in the area...time to move on.Typical sports bar I'd say.  There are a few different locations, this one is a little more upscale.  I love how they teamed up with Drexel to offer beer at the basketball games, great move in my opinion.  Just nothing special or anything amazing that they do, that's why I'm not too high on them.  Good spot to bring a group of friends.The food is good, but expensive. Great bar! Lots of alcohol. The service was horrible. After we ordered our food the waitress forgot about us. It took forever to get drinks. Our appetizers were out before our drinks... And once we finished it took forever to get the check.  Then the check wasn't split up and that took forever to get her back to fix the check. It took an hour to pay after we finished our food.Food is pretty good but I've been disappointed with some of their meals. Games are always on which is a plus and they do have music outside with a fire. Sometimes the music is kinda loud though. They have specials on drinks and food as well but overall the place lacks on certain areas.I don't know if I'd come back here, but I enjoyed it (mostly) when I went. You can't beat the convenience factor (it's literally across the street from my school). However, the dinner entree prices seem a little prohibitive for going back often. If you're on a college campus, don't you think you'd want to appeal to student wallets? Still, there's an extensive happy hour with half-price appetizers, so we just snacked on those. The food was good--we had the buffalo chicken tenders at "I dare you" level spicy (didn't quite live up to its name) and the mozzarella sticks, which were just like any other delicious, probably pre-bought and frozen, deep-fried mozzarella sticks (as in, reasonable at the half-price, but not worth it at the full price). I tried a bit of a friend's chicken quesadilla and that was pretty tasty; I would most likely stick with that the next time.
The beer list wasn't terribly impressive, nor was the markup. A bottle of Duvel that would run you $7.50 at more chill bars with better beer lists ended up being $9. Their ONLY beer special during happy hour was $25 "Coors Lite Towers" (1. What the hell is a Coors Lite Tower 2. Who the hell wants to order a Coors Lite Tower?) and $2.50 bottles of Coors Lite. Their tap list was unimpressive, but there were some decent bottles... probably at least $2 more than you would find at other places. I also tried one mixed drink, a pomegranate martini, which was pretty large actually left me feeling a little bit tipsy afterwards (which is quite an accomplishment), though it was also $10. Two of those and you'd probably be set, which seems reasonable enough. The beer was still a bit disappointing.
Our waitress was great--she was nice and very tolerant of our very large table gaining additions every half hour or so (it was a poorly organized celebration), and keeping three separate tabs, which I'm sure a lot of places wouldn't have done. One thing that did annoy me though was that she was constantly coming back to check on the table and try and clear away glasses and dishes, even when we weren't done eating. This is apparently not her own choice, but a policy that the bar has, where her manager freaks out if she leaves dirty dishes and plates on the table. I don't know, personally I would rather be left alone for a bit and have some dishes there than be asked constantly if I was done. She was still good though, just a restaurant policy I'm not a huge fan of.
Also, they started playing the Phillies game REALLY loudly. If this is your kind of thing you would probably feel right at home here but I wasn't a fan. So in summary, I would be back if friends were going here and I had absolutely no other choice, or if we had a large party for happy hour--but probably not at another time.Everything was on point to the max I will definitely will be coming back. I was happy with everything. The waitress was very nice. The decor was calming and soothing.Decided to grab a bite to eat after seeing the new Avengers: Infinity War movie (no spoilers here). I'm calling Landmark a triple D: decent date destination. I ordered the smokehouse burger, cooked medium, which comes with sautéed mushrooms, fried onion straws, pepper jack cheese, A1 sauce and a side of fries. Dumb tasty! Ambiance runs the gamut. Depending on the night and what's going on in the city it can go from super chill and lowkey to lit. Nevertheless, a good time without breaking the budget. 
Sidebar: Can someone tell me why there are several flat screens on the ceiling in the back half of the restaurant? I asked our server and she was just as confused.This place is always packed! I don't think I would ever walk in without a reservation. It is pretty big inside and roomy. The margaritas on special were small but for the price made sense (2.50). The food was also good too. Me and my friends got pork nachos to split. I would recommend splitting them between two people. We also ordered the crab fries which were really good and in my opinion were pretty similar to chicky and Petes. Overall good food and good drink specials. It also seems like they have a lot going on during the week (quizzo, karaoke, etc). So I would definitely check them out in the future for a fun week night out!Ordered a burger for pickup, they said it would take 20 minutes.  Got there after 25, they said it would be another 10. Waited another 20 minutes and it still wasnt ready.  Hostesses were vague and unhelpful.This place is very nearby to where I work, and since my boss is a die-hard happy hour goer, it was nice to change things up from our usual spot.  
The food was delicious (especially the crab fondue... seriously that ish was good), and the beer selection was pretty good.  
However I must say, the service left a lot to be desired.  When I arrived, I let the hostess (well, hostesses) know that I had a rather large party coming in.  At the same time, another large party rolled up and said the same thing to the hostesses.  One hostess pretty much just rolled her eyes and sighed, while the other scurried off to arrange the tables.  Thank you, second hostess.
Once we finally did get seated, we waited... and waited... and waited... for someone to come over and just take our first round order.  Finally someone came around and explained that there was mixup over who was covering our table.  Now, I'm not a waitress but I do know that this is something that shouldn't be confusing.... 
The service for the rest of the night was decent, the food came out pretty rapidly and the drinks were flowing... But sheesh.  A little customer service goes a long way, and being rude to customers trying to get a table (and bring you lots and lots of business) is not really a great way to get the night started.  Just sayin.You know - this place is not half bad. 
It's very very American cuisine - so expect nothing less than extra large portions, big screen TVs playing the game (whichever that may be), and some nice beers on tap as well as a decent wine list and a few creative cocktails. 
On this particular evening, the place was a bit quiet, possibly because we opted for a late dinner. Our server was a very nice girl who was attentive but not over bearing. I also appreciated that the servers were all dressed uniformly. 
The vibe of the place was vibrant, and as was expected, it was filled with students. No problem though, as my friend and I were seated in a quieter part of the restaurant where we could have a nice conversation. We started off with the crab dip - which was very creamy and tasted exactly as I expected it would.  For the main course, I went for the spinach salad with shrimp and my friend got the maple salmon. The salad was ENORMOUS and satisfying. The salmon was good as well and came with a side and a starter salad (always a plus in my book!) 
For dessert, we had the little bites sundae, which came with warm brownie bites and little bite-sized banana fosters - delicious! 
As a result I'm giving this place 4 stars. It wasn't innovative or out-of-this-world memorable, but it was nice. The food was exactly as was expected, and everything was just plain nice. I was happy at the end and really, when I'm not looking for anything to blow me away, that's all that's important.This place is pretty terrible.  Nice outdoor area with fire pits, that is all that is good about it.
Ordered a rye Manhattan up, the bartender added both sweet and dry vermouth, shook it ,poured it into a rocks glass, and added a cherry.  The amount of things she got wrong is unforgivable.
Also ordered the nachos, hit the spot, but all canned ingredients.I can't believe how picky some yelpers are.  They have a number of drink options for people who are looking to save $ or for folks who have $ to spend.  They have good happy hour specials.  The place is clean and has nice TV's.  I'd say it has a great selection of food and drink that are priced to reflect a college student's income.  If this place were downtown everything would be 10% more expensive.This place has a great, sports bar, local-favorite vibe without the divey grime that usually comes with it. Great prices for drinks and food with a great selection.Landmark is best for its specials. I wouldn't head to this place any other way. Their wings are delicious and I would pay full price for them.I like coming here but only for the wings and the banana Xango. I'm not really impressed with anything else maybe because I don't drieat seafood and that's really specialize in I guess. Try it for yourself though. Everyone who I come with seems to enjoy the selection of foods and drinks.A Landmark haiku:
Graduation Week
Conveniently located
Hungover at work
- Good bar/late night food
- Outdoor seating way WAY better than the indoor space (hello, narrow and awkward)
- Service is meh - don't go if you're in any sort of rush.
- Overall, much better than its fellow college/sports bars who also only hire cheerleader types to wear tight black shirts.So-so food, but the service is so bad, it ruins the meal.  
Others have said that the crab fondue is good, which it was the one night I went there - but the bread it's served with is a cut-up hoagie roll, nowhere near a baguette!  What, they run over to WaWa when someone orders it?  Even an Amoroso's roll would be better.
Worse was the service.  We ordered drinks and apps, and said we wanted to look over the menu more.  Waitress brought the drinks after about 10 minutes (for beer, when they weren't busy?), so we gave her our entree orders.
Another 10 minutes goes by, and she brings out the apps.  Okay, maybe the kitchen is just getting going for the night, because it was at the start of the dinner hour.  But as she puts down the apps, she says, "And your entrees are ready, too.  I'll be right back with them."  WHAT?  We said no, we didn't want them all at once, and there wasn't room on the table for everything at once anyway.  So she "held" the entrees.  Didn't re-make them, HELD them under a heat lamp.  Doesn't do anything good for chicken (which came out dry and leathery), and melted the grated cheese that was supposed to be part of the carne asada fajitas.  Asked for ketchup for the fries when the entrees were delivered, and it took another 15+ minutes for that to arrive.  Did they have to go to WaWa for that, too?
And BE WARNED:  They automatically at EIGHTEEN PERCENT gratuity for any bill over $100.  Two people, with app, entree, dessert and 2 drinks each could probably hit that.  Three of us hit it easily.  And there was NO WAY she was getting 18% for that service.  Gee, it's like they know that, isn't it?
And don't let them fool  you with the "We had a mix-up over whose table it was".  I heard them try that with another table, who replied, no, the waitress greeted them and took drinks orders, THEN ignored them for 20+ minutes without bringing 2 beers.  They had asked the manager where their waitress was because he passed by the table, but she didn't.  They left.I've been here a handful of times now, always for Taco Tuesday happy hour. $2 tacos with a variety of choices for fillings (ahi tuna, short rib, etc. in addition to the standard chicken or carnitas), $3 blue moon pints, and a bunch of other bar fare snacks. Convenient location right in front of the MFL and trolley stops, and the space is large enough that I never feel surrounded by undergrads even though it's right next to Drexel and Penn. Good service, good food, good prices.Being a Uni student, I'm honestly content with the atmosphere of Lanmark. I mean, what's the point of making it all posh when really, we're just looking for cheap drinks and stumble out there drunk? I haven't tried the food yet nor do I care to try.The menu is short. They offer salads with different choices to add, such as chicken, salmon, steak, crab cake, tuna ahi salad. Five different wing flavors. The parm fries are great as well as the soft pretzel sticks that comes with cheese dip, also try the crab fondue and nachos with chicken is Excellent!!!If it wasn't for the location, I predict this place would've been bust long ago. It is strictly underwhelming. Also, who puts a restaurant-bar in the lobby of a gym? I am sure the chicken tenders smell isn't conducive to maxing out your bench press.If you're a twentysomething going on half-price app night and are happy with the drink specials, it's a great choice.  Or so my kids tell me, anyway.  
I have been there four times.  Unfortunately, I'll be going back because it's near my in-laws' assisted living residence and it's a great place for people with mobility issues -- street parking, ramp, and a spacious building with lots of seating.  
The food is the dictionary definition of mediocre, and it's not cheap.  For example: a huge plate of nachos includes half of the chips drenched in cheese whiz (yuck), the other half dry, and some tasteless dark meat chicken.  [If you're paying half-price and drinking, maybe that's fine.  I wasn't doing either.]
Another example: a small piece of salmon came with a few greasy potatoes and three almost-uncooked asparagus that would have dulled my chain saw (my father-in-law was unable to cut them with his knife).  
My grilled chicken Caesar salad came with the aforementioned dark meat chicken, too -- but was otherwise good.  [I skipped the dressing.]
Service is usually friendly and polite, and otherwise unremarkable.  On our last visit, the waitress was above-average on the friendly and polite scale, and so earned a 20% tip because that's the most important characteristic of a server for me.  But, she was also the worst server we have ever had there.  I hate it when the server doesn't write things down and then messes things up (three errors).  If you really want to impress me, get my order 100% right -- even if you have to put a Post-it on the tip of your nose.  I assign points on results, not method.  My memory isn't good enough to get that kind of task right, either.  I'd be jotting notes on the back of my hands.  
Seating tip: don't sit on the small quiet side.  The servers will visit less frequently, it's a little cramped, and the faux booth seats are super-uncomfortable.  You either want a real booth on the other side or a regular table & chairs.The food is tasteless, and the portions are too big. You will pay too much money for ANYTHING, unless you are buying appetizers during Happy Hour, which are great value for money -- although you will have to sacrifice taste. I have had their crab dip, which was way too rich, and overly-spiced. I have also had their nachos, which I thought were nothing special. Their short rib chili from the late night menu is the only palatable thing I've had there. Plus it's cheap, at $3 a bowl. 
Now, on to drinks. They have an OK selection of beer, and a good enough liquor stock to support most cocktails. The bar staff is USELESS almost 6 out 7 days of the week. 
The drink specials that change every day are OK, but you normally have to settle for $2 bottles of pisswater...I have not seen any specials on imported beer.
I do enjoy the decor, ambience, and plethora of TVs, and the deals you get at happy-hour. But that is not enough to justify the shit bartending and remedial waitstaff.
UPDATE: I just HAD to include this, because I've seen so many reviews that talk about it. WHY is the fact that this place is connected to the Drexel Rec Center a "plus"? How often do you go straight to a restaurant, unshowered, after weight lifting? If anything, I think it's a negative, because the crowd of loud and moronic students that pool in here in the late afternoon, as most of the classes are out is unbearable.Don't remember the name of the server we had but she was pretty nice. She came back to check on us a few times and didn't forget bc they seated us at the very last table in the back of the restaurant. 
We came on a Monday for karaoke night and it wasn't that crowded. Margaritas are $2.50 so you can't beat that. Quesadillas are discounted. By the time we left, a little after 9:30, the karaoke didn't seem to catch on with the crowd but there were a few groups of people there that made it seem like this place was a good spot to stop in and grab food, enjoy the drink specials and/watch whatever game is on bc there are several tv's all around the bar. 
It's not too far so I would pass by again if in the area.I was really impressed by the service here the first time that I came here. The food came out fast and it was delicious. I love the wings here and the burgers are amazing. Come out Wednesday nights because there is a BOGO burger special at night!I went to Landmark for a Friday lunch.  Despite the restaurant being only about a third full, the service was a mess.  There were at least 7 or 8 wait staff wandering around the restaurant all dressed like they were going to the gym or in other states of dishevelment as opposed to working at a fairly upscale restaurant.  You shouldn't have to be told to brush your hair and take off your stretch pants before going to work, ladies.  I can imagine that the only competent person I observed working the front of the house must find the situation frustrating, at best.  It took 10-15 minutes after being seated for someone to come over and ask if we'd ordered yet.  C'mon, you have all these people walking around doing nothing.   They seem to have management problems.  The restaurant is attractive and comfortable, albeit with a few too many tv screens going for my taste.  
They were out of the draft beer I ordered, so I made another selection, which was same as my dining partner's.  About 15 minutes later, the waitress appears with one pint of flat looking Yuengling Lager, apologizing that they were changing the keg and this was the last pint left.  The lager tasted worse than it looked, flat, sour and skunky.  Thanks for giving me the dregs of the keg!  It was sent back and after a long wait, we finally got 2 fresh pints.    If you're in a hurry or have limited time, skip Landmark because lunch takes about 2 hours.  
The food almost made up for the lousy service.  The ahi tuna BLT with wasabi mayonnaise was very tasty.  It came with a skimpy side sweet potato fries.  The sweet cinnamony dipping sauce is a good accompaniment  .  My companion had a burger, which she seemed to enjoy.Honestly can't stand this place. Had a few bad experiences with the staff here. Went there with a buddy of mine asked for 2 waters, came out without lemons, and proceeded to ask the waitress for lemons. 
30 minutes and 4 attempts later... Still no lemons.. Barely saw her the entire time we were seated. Saw her talking to the manager, apparently they were an item???(words from a friend who worked there). Never got our lemons, gave us our dessert and never came back with silverware. Got a different waiter to give them to us. 
Food is semi good, desert is great. Pretty cheap for how nice the place looks. 
I never go there anymore unless a group of friends drag me there, plenty of other places close by to go to that would work out better.Went in, got seated immediately and looked at the menu. The stuff on here is pretty expensive. Still a little hesitant on choice. Watched some TV for a bit, no waiter came by, not even water. This was about 5 minutes. Figure we would give them about 5 more minutes. 7 minutes go by and no one came by so we decided to bail, walked 5 minutes to Sangkee and we got water right when we sat down. Would go back to get wings though.Landmark was ok and just ok. You don't really come here for food. You come here to drink a beer( or whatever drink you order) and then you order food. That's the best way to explain it. To put it bluntly,  its got good drinking food.Two years later and it's still a 3.  The food is filling/substantial/salty/deep fried...enough to make for a passable enough lunch, but the quality is about as run of the mill as it gets and totally just one of the places that churns it out for the masses.
Came for lunch a few days ago and sat indoors.  It was a fairly hot day and the AC was not working, which made for a very uncomfortable lunch to the point where the backs of my knees were sweating from the faux leather booths (which are ripped in some spots).  We asked our server if they could prop open one of the several doors for some light breeze and she said she'd ask, but we never did get an answer on that.  Luckily there was ice water to cool us down a little.
The menu is kind of haphazard with no real theme.  Salads, sandwiches, cheesesteaks, wings, tacos, etc.  I was gonna get a salad but opted for their fried fish tacos (which had a star next to it boasting "Landmark Favorite!").  They were...just okay.  Instead of a nice battered/seasoned fried fish like I've had at some food trucks/other restaurants, they were straight up fish sticks.  Whether they were frozen or made on the premises isn't the point, they had that overly salty/mealy taste like they came from the frozen section of your local grocery store.  Thankfully, the chipotle mayo drizzle/slaw made up for it a little to mask the taste.  Tortillas were bleh, wimpy little things.  Also, the tacos came with beer battered fries as a side, which I find strange.  They were actually very good and crispy, but would've paired better with a burger.
Glad I didn't order the salad because, based on my friends' choices, it was not what I would have expected.  All of them got chicken on their salad, but instead of it being mixed in and cut up in small pieces, they just placed massive uneven hunks of grilled chicken atop a bed of lettuce with some strewn about toppings.  Plus they came in too-small bowls with plates underneath so you had to do the mixing yourself.  Just get bigger salad bowls.
We also started with a few apps, like the guac and chips (guac was actually decent, chips were stale and there were too few of them for the 6 person party we had) and the cheesesteak eggrolls were 'aight, but greasy.
Overall, it's average prices for average food.  Good place to go if you order chicken fingers everywhere you go or have visiting family who just got off Amtrak and are like, "we're starving, just take us somewhere close."The service was good when I went. It's big and spacious. There was a bit of a wait just to get seated even though there was a lot of empty tables. And as for my experience, the wings were just OK. The place is fine but nothing about it really stands out to me. I'd go back again though if I was in the area.Most delicious bar food in CWE. Pretty cool spot as well.Average food that took forever. Same with my drink, it took forever. On the bright side, our waiter was super nice. Other than that, Landmark used to be good a couple of years ago.I highly recommend the Landmark's Thai Noodle Salad: it's a huge pile of arugula with avocado, orange, peanuts, bits of fresh mint leaf, a few noodles and a yummy dressing.  Seriously the best salad I've had in a bar in a long, long time.
I can also say fish and chips are worth eating.  The portion was small but excellent: four pieces of flaky white fish perfectly fried, accompanied by a generous pile of spicy and (very) salty fries.  Tasty!
The outdoor patio was beautiful on a hot day, very pleasant under the umbrellas, but the street noise is kinda overwhelming.  
Service here was very friendly but the kitchen was awfully slow to crank out the lunch order.  
Didn't get to try any beers, alas.  Was a just a short visit so this review is short too :)Great bar in a great location. Their happy hour specials have something even for the most picky guest! I highly recommend the sangria, it's quite possibly the best I've ever had. 
For my meal, I started with the guacamole which was fresh and very flavorful. The serving size was very generous! I followed that with the French dip sandwich and garlic Parmesan fries which were delicious as well. 
Overall, Landmark Americana is a great place for happy hour, a bite with friends or even a date.Gotta wait 30-45 min for a restaurant full of empty tables? That's kind of a funny joke.
Never stepping a foot in this restaurant again.It's definitely not my go to place but ... The happy hour specials are great for sharing but the sweet and spice wings are worth getting your own. If you must cheat on your diet you must try the dessert bites. It's 3 little squares of fried chocolate brownie and 3 little squares of bananas foster plus a nice sized scoop of French vanilla ice cream. They'll give you extra spoons if you don't want to cheat alone :)Everyone's 3 star reviews pretty much accurately describe the experience you'll have at Landmark, so my review will most likely get lost in the mix here, but might as well give my two cents.
I actually would have given it a 2 if it weren't for the portions of the nachos and the sheer size of the establishment, plus the outdoor patio space.  Why, you ask?  Let me tell you.
I've been to enough bars in the city to know that sometimes, cleanliness takes a backseat when there's a high volume of customers, but that's usually during crazy busy games or the late night weekend crowds.  For a Wednesday night happy hour at 5:30 when I'm not planning on getting shitfaced, I would expect a decent sit-down dinner and drinks up to par with everywhere else in the city.
I don't mean dirty floors or dust, I'm talking freezer-burn tasting ice that tastes like the ice bin hasn't been cleaned in ever.  
I ordered the $3.50 white wine sangria that was on happy hour special that night.  Not only was it not freshly made (or even pre-made and refrigerated for that matter), it was sitting like syrup in a pitcher outside in the heat, covered in plastic wrap.  That didn't bother me so much as the ENTIRE cup she filled with ice, so I ended up probably getting only half of what I paid for.  At least it cooled it down, but the ice seriously tasted disgusting and the white wine tasted more like Welch's white grape juice.  
Not only did the ice taste dirty, but the lime and orange she topped my cup with had flyaway dust and dirt on them, like they hadn't been rinsed and/or had been sitting without a cover.  Even when I ordered a Corona for my second drink, the lime in my bottle had a stray fuzzy something or other on it.  Listen, I totally understand it's an OUTSIDE bar and you can't help all debris, but a quick double check of the ingredients before you serve them could do you and the customer good.  
In addition, the fire pit we sat at had bird shit and stray, dried limes on the stone, which again, it's outside, that's gonna happen.  But a quick rinse down and a clean up as if it's a regular table would help.  The inside of the restaurant was huge and clean, so perhaps the back patio just kinda falls off the radar sometimes.
I can't say the nachos were all that amazing, just that they were GIGANTIC for an appetizer- like 4 people could easily split that.  The cilantro-cheddar queso sauce was decent, but there was way too much of it that it became hard to pick up a nacho that wasn't drenched and the chicken was just MEHH.
The live acoustic music was a nice touch, and it seems they have different deals and specials for each night of the week, so that's a plus.  I can't say I'll never come back, but it definitely won't be my new happy hour spot, either.  Stick to Zavino for quality food and drink in the area.For drinks and in particular, their red and white sangria, I rate it a 4 but for their guacamole, I rate it a 1. The drinks are delicious but the food is really not a bright point at Landmark. I came here for Happy Hour with two co-workers and they got fish tacos and a chicken ranch wrap. They both thought their food was decent but not stellar but it was so much food that they could not finish it all. However, their highpoint would certainly be their fries and their house made ketchup. The nachos are also a very very good size, so much so that it's almost too filling...regardless, their happy hour specials are good and certainly double as dinner. YUM!Great happy hour specials: sangria for $3.50, half price appetizers, nice outdoor atmosphere. The serving of nachos is awesome and delicious. One of my favorite university city spots for the chill atmosphere and good specials.So I went here for my birthday. You'll see a lot of college students at this location but I didn't mind that. My waitress was missing in action most of the evening. I had a party of 6 and a couple orders were messed up. What's worse is that our waitress disappeared again without providing us with silverware. We asked her for silverware when she came back and she throws down a handful of silverware onto the table. At that moment I knew I would never be coming back. Then when the check arrives, of course it was wrong and the waitress became argumentative. At first I gave her the benefit of the doubt thinking maybe she was new, but her attitude was terrible and I no longer cared if she was new or not. She's lucky I didn't complain to her manager after all that! Should have now that I think about it. Anyway, the food was too salty. I ordered parmasean garlic tenders. Don't expect white sauce, because it's actually a brown sauce on the tenders with parmasean cheese sprinkled on top. The crab fondue is amazing. I recommend that. Won't be going back to this location again.I went here twice back to back for brunch. The first day, a Saturday, I had an attentive waiter, and my meal was delicious! I headed back the next day, and while the food was still great, I experienced some of the worst service in my entire life. Our waitress took 20 minutes to even take drink orders, and generally seemed more interested in every other table she was waiting on than ours. She was snippy, distracted, and generally unpleasant. This was really upsetting, particularly given how great our waiter had been just the day before. I would recommend their brunch food, but their service is really hit or miss. The poor service the last time left such a bad taste in my mouth that I won't be rushing back.came here a couple times over the summer for drinks, and more recently went for dinner. they have a nice patio outside with fire pits so during the summer it's a pretty cool hang out spot.
not only is it pretty convenient for drexel kids but professionals can also be spotted after work for their happy hour specials, which you really have to hit up.
TVs everywhere, attractive waitstaff, good food, average priced drinks. what more do you need? and they have a live dj some nights which is pretty cool.As much as I want to rate Landmark a little bit higher due to the memories I've had here, I just can't bring myself to do it. I've had many a good night here with friends during college, but once leaving Drexel I find myself avoiding coming back with all my being.
First let's start with the drinks/bar portion of Landmark. During happy hour the drink prices are pretty decent, however most of the time the mixed drinks are mostly mixer, the shots tiny, and the beers watered down or warm. For a college student at Drexel this is really the closest bar that isn't a dive and sells food, so it works, but once you begin to realize just how much better off you'd be taking the extra 15-20 minutes to walk somewhere else you'll quickly lose interest in stopping by. Also, be warned, you have a 50-50 shot of actually getting the drink you ordered, Landmark is notorious for screwing up drink orders, even if it's just one beer.
The food is solid, nothing exceptional but definitely not bad, and during happy hour and late night you can score some pretty solid deals which is always good when you're on a tight budget. My personal favorite menu item is the grilled chicken nachos (half price during both happy hour and late night) which are both tasty and plentiful, so plentiful in fact that my fiancee and I usually have trouble finishing them between the two of us. I've also had the burger and fries here (mediocre), crab fondue (way too rich, obviously pre-frozen), chicken quesadilla (pretty good), smokehouse ribs (bad), and cheese steak (how are you located in Philly and not know how to make a cheese steak?!).
The decor and atmosphere is pretty good, however the servers are hit or miss and a lot of the time they will go out of their way to avoid tables that aren't getting alcohol. Quizzo here can be a fun time, as can Phillies games, but trust me when I say that during both Quizzo and the games the place will be wall to wall packed with rowdy drunk college kids.
All in all Landmark Americana University City is not a bad place, but it really isn't a stand out place neither. Give it a shot, it may be more your cup of tea than it is mine, but if you have an extra 20 minutes to spare consider trying New Deck Tavern or somewhere else in the area, it's probably a safer bet.There is finally a good restaurant on Drexel's campus. This place is a good, if not better alternative to Mikey's. The appetizers come in big portions and there are happy hour specials and appetizer specials (check their site for details).  The bar area in the back with the fire pits and flat screens are a great place to relax, watch the game, and grab a drink after a day of classes/work.Average food, and drinks. Nothing special about this place. Also not sure why but they always serve flat soda - no fizz. 
Last spring I saw a mouse while dining at their outside searing area... 
I would never go to this place again.Went there with some co-workers today and it was perfect for a quick lunch, during the week. Not too packed, pleasant dining space and quickly served food. 
I had the Chicken and Shrimp Wrap (plenty of shrimp) and it's wild caught which is even better. Absolutely amazing fries (beer battered)! Really enjoyed my meal! Someone else got the fish tacos and also said they were really good. Overall, everyone left content.
I would definitely be back for lunch!I'm not sure what other people are expecting from this place or why they're so butt hurt, but let me tell you...  GO AND SEE FOR YOURSELF!!  If you don't like the atmosphere, it might just be YOU!!  So do those of us who are having fun a favor and GO HOME!!  No one wants to see your bitter beer face.  :-)
With that being said.  I'm just going to make a list of things.  Lists are easier to read than paragraphs lol
1. 50 cent wings on Sundays and Tuesdays.  There are about six or so different sauces to choose from and you can order five at a time.  *WARNING*  Be careful with the "I Dare You" sauce.  Ask for it on the side, it... is... HOT!
2. $3 Oakheart and Cokes, all the time!  $5 margaritas (they can be a little weak), $3.50 sangria
3.  ITS A SPORTS BAR!!  If you ask for a certain game, you'll usually be accommodated.  They even put the Bulls game on for us during the Flyers game!!
4.  Waitstaff is always nice.  If they make a mistake, LET IT GO!!  Just let them know (nicely) and they're graciously correct the problem.
5. $2.50 Yuenglings... ALL THE TIME!!
Trivia night on Tuesdays, Music Bingo on Wednesdays (or maybe I have those backwards), $2 *weak* margaritas on Mondays, BOGO burgers on Wednesdays, $5 pitchers on Thursdays!!
The vibe is pretty cool.  Usually just fun people looking for a fun and cheap good time.  This place is not for the pretentious, the snobby or the snooty.  If you want to grab something cheap and decent to eat, along with a few beers... COME HERE!Although my watch and the meter I just paid clearly showed it was before 7pm, the bartender told me "their" register time was after 7pm so they would not honor any happy hour specials for me ( he supposedly checked with the manager as well). Also another bartender charged me $5 for the $3.50 sangria, or maybe she just TOOK her tip...Uugh I hate this place...that was my first and last time visiting this place. Their customer service SUCKS!Solid option for happy hour with lots of specials and a good variety; especially for beer drinkers.  I usally get the sangria which is meh, but for $3 it does the job.
More of a hangout spot for groups and/or watching the game, but I wouldn't suggest it for date night considering the noise level. Though I have seen plenty of couples. Its a nice, mixed demographic of patrons, but the overwhelming majority I would say is undergrads.
The food could be a bit more consistent, but when it's good it's good.  Not much else to say about it, except it's a nice large space and a nice casual option for the UCity area.Decided to try the Sunday Brunch. Not sure why they call it Brunch. Other than the fact that they open an hour before noon and the Menu gives you the choice of ordering Lunch or Breakfast. The Menu choices were nothing special that you couldn't find at any local diner. The prices were OK and they offer Drexel and UPenn students 1/2 price for their Brunch. The portions were small. The Creamy grits were dry and cake like. The eggs were small in size and overcooked. The French Toast was burnt. I don't understand how a cook sends out something burnt and the waitress serves it. Sorry We will not be returning any time soon.The nachos are three times the size of my body.They are pretty flavorful, but had too much sour cream on them. The chicken was sort of dry, but when you get all the toppings in one bite, its pretty darn good. Not the best, but good. Do not order them unless you have at least one other person helping you to finish it. It is bigger than all of the entrees my friends ordered that night. Definitely the hugest bang fo yo buck.The service was great. I enjoyed my Mango Tea that included New Amsterdam. I also like my bread pudding. I was surprised that it included ice cream.I really wish this place wasn't as terrible as it is. I went there today for lunch with some co-workers since it's literally across the street from my job. Our waitress was nice enough, but didn't really listen too well and seemed a little confused by the world. I felt that she'd stop by while we were in the middle of a bite or a conversation and ask how things were. Now, I'm all for concerned service, but if you ask me if everything is okay and I tell you that I could use more water, and then you completely ignore me, it starts to seem like you don't really understand the job.  
We started off with Hot Mess fries, with black beans, chipotle cheese sauce and jalapenos. The fries were pretty awful, but the cheese sauce was decent. The jalapenos weren't fresh, which made me sad. 
I got a crabcake sandwich, which wasn't to my taste. They went a little heavy on the old bay or something, but it just wasn't pleasing to me. 
My coworkers ordered the ahi tuna salad which was beautifully presented, but the word on the street was that while it was pretty to look at, it was also pretty terrible.
I'm almost tempted to give them another star just because they have a cute outside bar area, but I wasn't there so I can't say whether it's worth it. I'd probably go back to grab a beer, but with all the decent food in Philly, it seems stupid to ever eat here again.I used to come here a lot when I was a senior at Drexel, so I came back with some friends for a nostalgic visit recently. The DJ was great and the food was as good as it usually is, but right before we left, I saw a mouse run towards our table from the direction of the kitchen and all the way across the restaurant. I don't know if it came from outside or from the kitchen, but it was not something I would ever want to see in a restaurant. I'm slightly appalled, and I don't plan on coming back any time soon.Imagine Applebees then double price. But Applebees would probably be able to get a burger out medium (no matter what you order expect well done). 
1 extra star for a decent draft list. 
You can do a hell of alot better.I would like to give them a 3.5, but a .5 is not allowed to send. For starters this place is a great hang out spot and the staff is generally friendly. The happy hour specials are wonderful and their $3.50 sangria is absolutely wonderful. Their food is pretty good - I love grilled cheese and tomato soup, so their grown up grilled cheese was great. Overall awesome place, MUCH better than the one near St Joes Campus.NACHOS NACHOS NACHOS
Finally, Drexel has its own campus bar (MIkey's no longer counts) and we no longer have to walk over to the Penn area for anything. Landmark is huge and packed with TVs so first and foremost, it's a great place if you want to watch sports. Akers and Bradley from the Eagles are currently guesting on WYSP Radio here every Monday at 7PM, so if you're an Eagles fan, you should definitely stop by for that.
They have daily drink and food specials - check their website for the deals. They also have different events nightly - music bingo, trivia, and so on.
Now on to the food: NACHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS. Good for four hungry men who just walked out of Rec center. Or for one of me. They're loaded up with beef, jalapenos, sour cream, and this bangin' beef short rib chili (that you can also order a bowl of, if you wish). 
The wings are also pretty good - big and meaty, and the sauce options are common but tasty. I usually get my wings breaded with sauce on the side. 
The food is actually a little expensive compared to other places in the area, but if you take into account the quality and the portions, it's not so bad. Happy hour has discounted finger food, and they also offer a late night menu with certain discounted items (some apps, sandwiches, soup and so on).
I really only come here for the food & drink specials...I don't think I've ever ordered anything full price. Great place to chill with your friends and snack. Also, the outdoor seating is great - it's getting colder so the fire pits are looking pretty appealing.
It *must* be noted that the servers here are noticeably better-looking than your average University City denizen. So you could come here for that, too. And nachos.They run a bunch of specials that makes this place dirt cheap half the week. I personally a fan of 10 wings for $5 special that they run on Tuesdays and Sundays. Price is great and they almost always have the night's sports game on. Thursdays are also awesome for $5 pitchers of Yuengling
However, service can be excruciatingly slow and wait staff can get a bit antagonistic. And it might be that I have only tried a couple of entrees, but it seems that EVERYTHING has a bit too much salt. Overall, I would recommend but with the caveat that expect a lower level of service along with the low prices.Went for pancakes at brunch but was pleasantly surprised by the variety on the breakfast menu, aside from the standards there were such tempting variations as Huevos Quesadillas and Breakfast Nachos. Their variation on eggs benedict includes avocado and applewood bacon. I decided to go with the Brioche French Toast, which also came with fresh fruit, a nice little extra touch. I made a great choice with fluffy rich eggy bread drizzled with yummy maple syrup. The lunch menu makes me want to go back for the grown up grilled cheese which has guyere cheese and a cup of tomato soup along side and it looks like I should bring the family who loves wings as there are nine varieties, including Thai and Garlie Parm, PLUS the daredevil hot versions (not for me!). But a return visit to UCity is definitely in order.For our first time at any Landmark Americana, the atmosphere seemed okay, until we were lead to our table and our feet started sticking to the floor -- REALLY sticking to the floor.  We asked to be moved, but to no avail the sticky stuff was throughout the area.  NOT classy.  
I ordered the Sesame crusted Ahi Tuna salad seared rare - as per the menu.  When the salad arrived my immediate thought was that it was very small for the price, $13.99; not a dinner size salad by any means.  Next the greens were past prime.  The leaves had darker softer edges and had many creases -- those puppies were scraped form the bottom of the barrel.  
Now the kicker.  The tuna was clearly microwaved.  Yes.  Really!  At some time in the past the tuna had been seared but not recently.  It was rubbery, nearly well done (just a touch of pink left), and had very little flavor.
finally, the roll that came with the salad can only be described as nearly a crouton on the outside and soft on the inside (possibly and attempt to bring it back to life under a broiler).
There are too many other eateries near-by to bother walking into the Landmark Americana.  If you do, be sure you clean the soles of your shoes on the way out.Came here on a Saturday night around 7:30 pm. The hostess said there would be a 25-minute wait despite there being a number of available booths and tables. We decided to sit at the bar and were quickly greeted and given menus. We each ordered the sampler which included a chicken quesadilla, three chicken tenders, and Old Bay fries. They ran out of mango, so Mango Madness wasn't an option. Instead a Mexican Mule and Bahamian Breeze were ordered. The drinks came out quickly, however they were not impressive. After 30 minutes, I asked the bartender about an update on the food and she replied that the kitchen was very backed up due to large parties. How long does it take to cook any of the items in the sampler? 10-15 tops with prep and plating. Well it wasn't until 45 minutes after we ordered that we finally received our food. Once again unimpressive. The Old Bay fries were heavily seasoned, the quesadilla was limp and lacking flavor, the chicken tenders were standard and nothing to write home about. Overall I was quite disappointed by this experience. Cute location but the kitchen really needs to work better at getting food out on time. I don't know what would happen if the place was actually packed to capacity. Don't intend to find out either.Food ok but the waitress is horrible..hasn't come back to refill drinks or take orders...not coming back...$2 lagers n $0.50 wings, good idea right? Not here, friends. I recently went up thinkin to chow down some wings and catch the phillies game with a few friends, net 4. 
We get seated after half hour wait (pretty solid considering graduation week) and place our orders - 20 wings (max 5 per head, reasonable control for the kitchen), fries, soup, then later we added a burger - not too complex. 
Bout 35 mins later, our waitress comes to check on us. Without food on the table, we affirm we're good and continue waiting. Few more minutes pass and we ask to  add a burger with the original wings, fries, n soup-which we take our waitress' recommendation for her fav among the menu. Bout 10 minutes pass n the burger is served, no mention of anything else. Finally, after an hour of sitting, we' had enough and cancelled the [original] order. Not the best lazy Sunday experience. Thanks, Landmark. 
Oh yea, during this sit, I notice (at least) 2 other tables get seated, order, and SERVED their food (which included these famously hard to reach wings). Ha, score 4 for Landmark, zero for the 4 chumps that sat.Definitely a chill spot to watch a game and Grab the Landmark combo and Honey Hobenero wingsI can't say enough positive things about this place!! I loved everything.  The servers were extra friendly.  The atmosphere was chill and relaxing. The food was amazing!!!!I got the seafood bisque which was the best I ever had. For an entree I got honey bbq tenders which were perfect! Also the macaroni and cheese was on point.  Drinks were decent as well. I will definitely be coming back!!!!I'm a fan of this place, if only for their outdoor space. I love the fire pits and ample seating, and it's a great spot for Erin's Express & St Patty's Day (Irish Trash Cans are delish!) ! Great drink specials, happy hour specials, and overall good prices. And they usually have cider on tap, a trend I am currently loving.
I'd definitely return to try the food!The food here is overpriced for what it is. Don't order a salad...any salad! it's never fresh and all they give you is the stalk of the lettuce. Gross. Also, ahi tuna sandwich is NOT good. It was sent back, that's how disgusted we were. 
I will admit that the nachos are good and I tasted the chicken fingers which were pretty good. But how could you really mess those two things up? Fast food places do it! 
The worst part is that it takes forever to get your food!! idk, nothing about this place really appeals to me other than the fact that its a pretty nice looking restaurant so close by.had a drink, passed on the intended dinner though. 
the menu looks like crap, the outdoor seating feels like you are in the intersection rather than thirty feet back from it, etc. 
if you live or work within a hundred feet it might be an acceptable spot, but otherwise avoid it.Like Landmark, don't love it.  Food is good, but nothing to get super excited about.  Great spot if you're looking for some drinks and some appetizers to snack on.  The sandwiches are good, but they're missing something.  Maybe its just me, but nothing seems to taste extremely fresh here.  For dessert, I would recommend the banana xanga, closest thing to the old Applebee's Apple-Chimy-Cheesecake I've ever had.  They have awesome happy hour specials like any college bar should.  Plenty of TVs for sports fans.  Young crowd.  Young staff.  Would give Landmark a 3.5 stars if I could, but maybe I'll have some great experiences in the future that will call for an update.Happy hour is solid. $2.50 bottles of Yuengling light, $3.50 sangria. $8.00 guacamole and $5.00 parmesan fries. Lots of college students here because it's inside of Drexel and under their gym.Landmark is in a clutch spot right in the middle of Drexel's campus at the 34th and market subway station. They have outdoor seating, fire pits, tv's, bar, quizzo, and a good crowd mix (majority are students).  This sports bar has everything going for it and should easily get 4 stars; however, the food and drinks are the most important categories and they bring Landmark down.  I had a bit of everything on their menu and only liked the wings, which are also 50 cents during happy hour.  The fries were decent but given out sparingly, the chili was way too sweet, and the drinks are all weak.  The quality is definitely not there for the price.  If you are just going there for a burger, wings, and to have a couple beers, than this place is fine.Luckily this place closes at 2am so I was able to meet up with a friend after work to catch up.
We had the Memphis pork sandwich with beer battered fries. 
The memphis pork sandwich was so juicy and good.
We liked the fries so much that another portion of fries was ordered. 
Queso this time.
But the service, I dunno, this is where the stars get decreased. Where was our server?
And to get a fork or any attention was quite the hassle.
Food was great but there is room for improvement with the service.Come here for the wings if nothing else! 50 cent wings every Tuesday and Sunday. The happy hours here are pretty worthwhile too. The beer selection is decent, but a bit pricey. 
I've definitely had below par service here though. The waitresses aren't attentive, and oftentimes they give off a negative attitude. 
If you forget about the unreasonably high prices, the fries are a good addition/appetizer as well. In conclusion, come here for the 50 cent wings and the decent choices of beer. Otherwise, there are plenty of other options nearby (New Deck, White Dog, Baby Blues, Mad Mex, Sabrina's Cafe).