Great Mexican BYOB! I went to Las Cazuelas for the first time for my birthday.  We had a wonderful time.  I was looking for a fun and festive place to go with friends.  This was the perfect choice. We brought our own bottle of tequila, and they made tasty margaritas for the table.  Those were a big hit with my friends, and a cool twist for a Mexican BYOB.  The restaurant is cute.  Plus, the food here is delicious. 
I'm surprised this place doesn't have higher reviews on Yelp, because it far exceeded my expectations... 
The guacamole appetizer was fresh and yummy.  I ordered the shrimp entree with rice and vegetables, and asked for it spicy.  My entrée had an attractive presentation on the plate (i.e. looked classy), and was delicious, well seasoned, and very fresh. On my suggestion, my partner ordered one of their mole sauce dishes (i.e. a sauce usually made from unsweetened chocolate and pureed pumpkin seeds), and it was tasty too. 
I should also note that the waitress was very attentive.  When I placed my order, I explained to her that I have mild lactose intolerance and can't eat much butter or cream (but am okay with cheese), so she had the chef cook the veggies in olive oil, rather than butter.  Thanks for being so cool about accommodating that request!  
The prices are extremely reasonable for fancy and unusual Mexican food, and I love the fact they're a BYOB.  The chef serves creative and inspired cuisine, which has a traditional flair and style to it.  In other words: Don't come here for regular tacos or burritos.  Come here for a fun foodie experience at a reasonable price, and bring tequila for the perk of BYOB Margaritas!The food is terrific.  Not just the food -- the presentation.  The arroz con pollo I ordered came to my table artfully arranged on my plate.  And it was delicious, as was every part of my order.
Why the two stars?  As it seems others know all too well, the service was abysmal.  On one occasion, we waited interminably for a table, only to find out that the waiter thought we were part of another party, when there had been two seats available the whole time!  
Once we were served, the waitstaff ignored us.
This place seriously needs a management shakeup.  It needs a better manager, and a dedicated hostess/outside manager.I tried Las Cazuelas recently, after hearing pretty good things about the food and atmosphere.  The first day I went in the place was crowded but we were seated promptly and our order was taken right away.  The food came out fast for how many people were there.  However, it lacked any real flavor.  Camarone tacos for me and a seitan dish for my friend.  The seitan was way too salty with no other flavour and the tacos were very bland.  Still hungry, we got the ceviche.  This was the ONLY good thing about our meal.  Water glasses weren't filled at all during the meal, even after the restaurant emptied.
I decided to go back a few days later, to give it another chance.  We had a different server this time, who seemed very new to the business.  Tables who sat after us had their order taken before.  However, again, the food came out fast.  (Wrong order first, but quickly fixed.)  This time I got the veggie enchiladas and my friend got the camarone dish.  Again, VERY disappointed.  Salt and pepper seem to be their only seasonings.  The shrimp had NO flavour, they were very much overcooked.  The sauce on the enchiladas was the same salsa put out on the tables as you are seated.  The veggies on the side of the shrimp meal were the exact same as the ones in the enchiladas.  There is no creativity or thought behind any of these meals.
I will not be going back.  I have had MUCH better Mexican off of the trucks in South Philly.For authentic, fresh and flavorful Mexican food, you have to go to Las Cazuelas. The enchiladas, Mole, and Mole Enchiladas are fantastic. The Horchata and Mexican Coffee are excellent drinks. It gets major points for being BYOB. The meats are so tender and the rice is perfectly cooked. The main reason for the perfect five stars is what topped the whole experience for me: the dessert. THE BEST DESSERT I'VE EVER EATEN. EVER. You MUST order the Cheesecake Bunuelos!!! It will blow your mind. I will forever be returning to Las Cazuelas.BYO mexican spot in Northern Liberties
Came for brunch and the service was great. Food was delicious. I'm a fan of chorizo and they highlight chorizo a lot in their dishes.
Bring some tequila and order some margarita mix.Great family owned restaurant with fantastic mexican food and BYO (T).  Medium sized restaurant with two separate dining areas, good for large groups as you can reserve the entire back room.
The service is fantastic, even when we've shown up 20 minutes prior to closing time, the wait staff was still incredibly hospitable.  The margaritas they mix are great, which is saying something as I typically don't enjoy margaritas.  The food is delicious, and parking is very easy in the area.  If you find yourself in Northern Liberties, give it a try!  They frequently run specials on Groupon and Living Social, so keep your eyes open and save a few bucks!We were there for a group birthday  (as well) and it was wonderful. Our servers were very attentive. No one in our group left hungry. Grab your favorite bottle and enjoy a good meal at this little gem.I used to live a few doors down from Las Cazuelas in 2005 and went there faithfully because the food is DELICIOUS! I dont' know if they still make it, but the Chilean sea bass with pumpkin mole was one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten. 
My husband and I visited last Sunday for Brunch and we ordered a TON of food because we had a $50 gift certificate to use up. I can highly reccommend the Huevos Divorciados and the Omlette Poblano. I am a poblano and mushroom lover and the oaxaca cheese melts into the eggs and veggies in the most wonderful way. My husband had the Divorciados and it was both unusual and tasty! 
My favorite at Las Cazuelas are the tacos- the steak with fresh onions and cilantro is by far the winner in my book and I confess, I have dreamed of them and often cannot resist the urge to go get a big plate of them! We tried the marinated steak tacos this time and did not like them very much- there was a red coating of marinade on the steak and it was overwhelming. You could not taste the yummy, meat-y, grilled flavor that is so great in the regular steak tacos. My husband loved the shredded pork tacos and I thought they were ok. The shrimp tacos are always a winner and taste fresh, crisp and light. I suppose it is the pure flavors and how they usually treat the fresh ingredients that brings me back time and again, I will veer away from the overly marinated items in the future. As always, the cafe de Olla (coffee with cinnamon +) and desserts are very good. I tell everyone about this place and always bring it up as an option when we have folks in from out of town. Keep up the great work!!I came here for my birthday dinner, and the waitress was very forgetful and basically sucked. We brought a bottle of tequila for margaritas and I am almost certain the waitress stole a nice amount of it, (the bottle was returned with 1/6th left and we only had two pitchers) and the two waitresses were acting drunk when we left. Good food, poor serviceMexican food in the city can be a hit or miss and it's hard to find a place that serves the authentic stuff, and his place nailed it!! Went here on a Friday night and brought a bottle of tequila. Unfortunately the free pitcher of margarita mix is only valid Monday through Thursday, but the pitcher wasn't that expensive. The empanadas and fish tacos were to die for. We also got shrimp quesadillas. Service was great! Initially they brought out the wrong type of quesadillas, and gave us the shrimp ones on the house.  The only pitfall of this whole dining experience were the complimentary chips and salsa... They were a bit mehEverything is amazing here as always the mole is out of control you can taste the cinnamon the toasted sesame seeds and the chocolate coming thru!Had a great time at this BYOB near Northern Liberties. It's just a little bit out of the way, so though I really enjoyed it many years ago when it first opened, I had not been until I saw a Living Social deal for a gift certificate and decided to try it again. 
Am glad I did! The sauces are well made and use a variety of great chiles for this-is-definitely-not-from-a-jar-like-other-"mexican"-restaurants quality. I ended up having the empanaditas and a great cactus salad and was really impressed with the range of flavors. They have a wide ranging menu and several great sounding specials. 
We also lucked out because the people next to us had thoughtfully brought more tequila than they needed and let us have a few glasses of the BYOT margaritas. The mixes were fresh and flavorful and they will mix the tequila in for you. 
Our only complaint was because it was so small, every margarita order meant we had to be very near a loud blender, but that's a small price to pay for excellent food, friendly service, and a lovely little restaurant.So I love spicy food.  At most places,  I load on the hot sauce.  So I assumed when I got the arroz con pollo with chicken, rice, and mexican sauage (which was delicious) that it wouldn't be spicy enough.  I so stupidly didn't even taste it and asked for some hot sauce, which they brought me in a dish.  It looked like Franks Red Hot, so I dumped it on.  Big mistake.  The hot sauce was SO SPICY (which unbeknownst to me, they charged me $1 for).  It was so hot that I downed 5 glasses of water, had tears in my eyes, and couldn't finish the rest of my meal.  On the plus side, I was stuffed from water and hence, didn't overeat!
The service here is really fantastic.  The server was so friendly and kept our water glasses filled.  We had a groupon ($15 for $30) and although it didn't say it on the groupon, the server told us that it came with a free dessert!  We got the crepes with bananas, caramel, and fresh berries which was tasty.   You also get free chips and tomatillo sauce, which was great.  The place is BYO, takes credit cards, and they offer different margarita mixes w/ your booze.  They have a private room upstairs which is great to reserve for large groups.Went here with 4 other people for our friend's birthday and it was great!! Our waitress was very friendly and the food was incredible (I got the carnitas tacos). Definitely bring your own tequila and get a pitcher of Mango margaritas- awesome! I'll definitely be coming back here.My experience here was all around very positive. My waitress was extremely attentive and helpful, from explaining many menu items individually and catering to our table as if we were the only ones there. 
I ordered the nachos and Mexican corn as my appetizers. The nachos came in huge portions and very stuffed with cheese, jalapeños etc. So delicious! The Mexican corn was very flavorful and not too spicy, which I really appreciated.
The table came with complimentary chips and salsa which was very light and appropriate before starting the meal. A nice touch. Chips could've been more salty but overall everything was still fine as the salsa gave good flavor.
I ordered the enchiladas which were a bit too bean-y for my taste. 
Great service and nice, clean atmosphere. Food is terrific. I would definitely recommend!One of the best place to eat in the city and region. The service is great, the food is sooooo good and the decor is wonderful. I have been here a few times but this time they had live music witch added to the experience.
A Place you must go to. On the trendy Girard Ave.This is my longest review because the service was pretty terrible so I have a lot to say. 
My boyfriend and I had bought a Groupon for this place in efforts to try something new for our anniversary dinner. This place is cute, small and intimate. We were greeted by a women in a T-shirt which I thought was odd because she was dressed if she was working in a pizza shop and not a restaurant. She sat us down at the table and went over to the computer and tinkered around with it. We assumed she was just the hostess and not the waitress. As we waited for someone to take our drink order, It was enough time that we  read the entire menu thoroughly twice. When we figured out what we wanted the women in the T-shirt was still at the computer  and no one took our drink order yet.  My boyfriend then got up and asked if she was the waitress and she nodded her head yes, so he told her we are ready to order when she was. She then took another several minutes before walking over  with some chips. 
We both have a gluten allergy and my boyfriend has a vegetable oil allergy. We asked the waitress if the chips were cooked on vegetable oil and explained my boyfriend was allergic. She said she didn't know and just stared at us. My boyfriend then politely asked if she could go check. She informed us are cooked in vegetable oil so of course he didn't eat them. We ordered a chicken fajita and a chicken quesadilla. The menu said have a choice of corn or flour for both items and we asked for corn. Our waitress was very confused as to why I was specifying corn tortillas because she said "we only have corn tortillas not the flour ones" I wasn't going to argue because I wanted corn. (At this point she still didn't take out drink order) She placed the order and returned and tell us everything is cooked in vegetable oil... So I asked her if we should leave or do you have any other substitute for vegetable oil and of course she said "I don't know" and stared at us. Again, my boyfriend had to asked her to go check for us. At this point I imagine the owner or manager got involved. He said he would cook everything in Olive Oil, and let me tell you the food was delicious! We were pleasantly surprised after the huge headache of being there. After the food came out we still had nothing to drink so we asked the manager if we could get some water and we ate. I can't say enough about how good that Mexican food was!  I got the check and the bill was $30.25 which was perfect because our Groupon was $30 and our card could be charged .25 so we could tip the waitress. (I always tip regardless of the service, some people have bad days) The check came back of wrong, not surprised and she took $25 off our bill so I showed her it's $30 not $25 so I hand her the bill to adjust it and my card to charge me the .25 difference.  She comes back the bill saying it was now $28 and we had no bill after the Groupon. I explained I only had my card and I wanted to tip her even if she did run my card for .25. She stared at us and said "uhhh, I don't know" My boyfriend said hey if you can work it out we will tip you but she said not worry about it. I did feel bad but my boyfriend even said, she made the decision on not taking a tip.
Pros- Great environment 
             Great food 
             BYOB 
             Accommodating to food allergies if you asked someone other then the waitress 
Cons - THE SERVICE. It was enough to not go back unless the manager agreed to let me take own order and personally give it took the cooks. Also help ourselves to some water...because the waitress won't. It's a shame because the food has been amongst the best. It could have been our new favorite place.Great little place! Ordered the pastor tacos and the chicken empanadas. I loved the tacos and the fact that they put pineapples in the taco, which really enhanced the flavor of the pastor. I thought the empanadas were okay, I probably wouldn't get them again. The service was good and you do have to find street parkingI've been trying to get my wife to eat Mexican for years now and she insists that she doesn't like it and it's "too spicy".  Well, Las Cazuelas has has converted her.
We sat outside on a breezy evening.  We were promptly greeted and our wine (BYOB) was iced down.  The server gave us the specials and was very attentive.
They serve extra crispy chips w/  salsa verde w/ just the right amount of spice.   We got 4 appetizers and could not even finish!!  Seriously, the Queso Fundido may have been one of the best things I've tasted.  A buttery ball of Mexican cheese w. mushrooms inplanted throughout.  We ate it like a pasta, twirling it around a fork.  Overly simple, but so right.  Quesdillas w/ chicken served w/ pico de gallo were perfection, beef tacos served w/ lime & salsa verde were delicious.  Tres Marias were the low point of the meal.  Corn patties w/ black beans topped w/ chipotle chicken and ground beef were a bit bland and soggy, but I ate the shit out of the toppings.
We ended the meal w/ a Tres Leches that was extra moist and not too sweet, one of my favorite desserts in any food genre.
To top it off, we had a $30 Living Social voucher, 4 apps and dessert came to $11 before tip.  There is no reason NOT TO GO HERE PEOPLE.
I'd say 4.5 stars.Yummy fine dining mexian food. Portions are good, although plates could be $1-$2 cheaper and I would be a regular. The service is excellent, friendly, and they go above and beyond.Great Mexican BYOB but not the best neighborhood. Very small so make sure you make reservations. Try the ceviche appetizer!!Made a reservation last week for a party of 30, we were accommodated on the second floor which was nice and roomy. We even had our own bar and the best part that its BYOTEQUILA. The food was fresh and delicious, the staff was friendly and very welcoming. We had some vegetarians in our party and we're very accommodating to their needs. Love you Las Cazuelas. We will definitely book another party there soon.One of the best restaurants in Philly. They make all tortillas and chips on premises.  Lots of amazing dishes! Almost everything on the menu is gluten free. Friendly service and amazing food. Love this place!Had a wonderful dinner tonight. This was our first time here. Our server was excellent and went out of her way to make sure we were satisfied. She had the kitchen prepared meals that were not on the menu. All the ingredients were fresh and delicious. It was the Saturday before Christmas but we were re not rushed. The only reason I didn't not give it five stars is because it's my first time here. We'll see what happens in the future, I'm sure I'll make an adjustment.My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly. It's unpretentious and delicious. Only complaint is the margarita mix they use is ehhh at best, but considering they allow you to BYO, it's not the worst in the world. Salsa and chips are great, appetizers satisfactory, but the strength is in their dinner entrees.I have been here a few times this year and have had a great experience.  Last night...not so much.
Started with the Ricotta Chz Empanadas.  Based on another review that raved about them, I decided to try.  They came out golden and crispy on the exterior.  I broke one open and the smell of MOLD hit me in the face.  I tasted one to make sure my assumption was correct.  I told the waitress and she gave me the excuse that, "that is the way they are supposed to smell and taste b/c the ricotta chz they use is not American."  WTF?  The waitress took the barely touched app away.  I get the bill and they are still on the check.  I called her over to ask to have them removed and she says,"The owner says you ate them".  Now I'm a straight up person...if I ate em, I will pay for it.  She delivers the newly edited check back to me with an attitude.  THAT will affect your tip, chica!!
On the plus side, the CHULETA NORTENA (pork chop) was juicy and flavorful.  Accompanied by the slightly sweet and creamy sweet potato.  The chipotle-tamarind sauce gave the thick cut chop a sweet and slightly spicy accent.  A must have.So, we have been here three times now, and each time I have been SO pleased with our meal.  Finally getting around to writing a review... sorry it is long, but I know I find reviews with specific recommendations helpful, so read on if you would like to hear them!  If not, then here's the short review: GO HERE!
First of all, as a vegetarian, the dishes are rather expensive (more expensive than the meat dishes, which is odd).  However, they are DELICIOUS... well-seasoned, nourishing, large portions of goodness.  They range from $14 to $15.50 or so.  There are a lot of non-vegetarian dishes, ranging from $9 or so to maybe $15.  We have not tried any appetizers or tacos.  HOWEVER- between Yelp Deals and Groupon, it is not difficult to find a $15 for $30 or $10 for $20 deal, which more than makes up for the prices.  
First time we went, I got the Mexican Seitan dish (seitan being one of my favorite meat alternatives) and was highly pleased.  My boyfriend had the vegetarian enchiladas, so that we could share each others' meals... it was, perhaps, even better (though both were excellent).  Even the cute little pyramid of rice and little pile of beans were superbly seasoned.  Now, other vegetarians, do be careful- mention you are vegetarian.  The Chile Relleno dish in the vegetarian section was one of the things I was looking at, and when I asked the waitress for vegetarian suggestions, she mentioned that sometimes they put some animal fat in that dish- though she suggested it would be possible to just ask to make sure they would keep it vegetarian.  I really appreciated her honesty and knowledge about the dishes!  The chips and tomatillo salsa (which I normally don't like) were excellent- so fresh and yummy.  I was having a rough day, so we got a dessert to share to cheer me up... the Banana Crepes.  UNBELIEVABLE.  So tasty... we would have gone back just for that.  AND, if you check in on Yelp, you get a free dessert!!!
Second time, we tried brunch, which they have on Saturdays and Sundays till perhaps 3:00.  Our meals (some vegetarian omelet and Heuvos Rancheros for the BF) were quite good- not as good as the dinners/lunches we've had, but still very good- and were all under about $11.  This is a great time to use the $10 for $20 deal... you can get two brunch entrees for about $20.  But don't be like us and expect to use it on a Saturday- the Yelp Deal doesn't work on Fridays and Saturdays!
And now for the time we just got back from- we had our Groupon Now, which was good until 3:00 PM, and we didn't get out until about 2:20, so we were pushing it.  Our waiter offered to ring us up early to make sure we were able to use our Groupon, and was super friendly and gracious about it.  We took advantage of our savings to each get a Cafe de Olla (sweet spiced coffee).  SO GOOD.  When we inevitably come back for a brunch, you bet we will be getting that again.  Be warned, it is quite sweet- but I just loved it.  I got the vegetarian enchiladas again, but the BF got some pork tips with avocado dish, which he said was extremely delicious and satisfying.  We ended up getting our food so quickly that we were done by 3:00 anyway- but we sat around for a bit sipping our delicious coffees and remarking on how happy the meal (which we now have leftovers of) made us!
In short, GO HERE!  We are always nervous when the small space is so empty, and would love to see it getting more business.  They deserve it!We love this place. We typically go in the summer and eat on the street. The food is great AND it is BYOB so bring yout tequila and have them mix an awesome pitcher of margharita's. Our  5 year old daughter LOVES the tilapia on the kids menu. Most days the owner also comes out to make small talk with us and to say hello to our daughters. My husband always gets a kick out of that!  I would like to see a bit more variety with the sides that come with the  fish.  They generally serve it with a white rice and some boring veggie mixture.They also have an upstairs that we have seen people have small parties.Good little gem on Girard Ave if you like Mexican. BYOB. Recommend bringing Tequila and asking them to make you a pitcher of Martguerita. Nice quaint interior9/13/12-
Anybody been?
Went last night, and really enjoyed it.  First of all, I'm not a giant fan of Mexican food, or heat, but I found this place to have enough choices that there were quite a few things I would have ordered easily.
Started with the empanadas de tinga, which were stuffed with good shredded chicken, some onions, and just enough heat. I'm sure there's something else in there, check the menu.  Another started was a very good salad, served with pineapple and pear, (I love salads with fruit in them) and a delicious cilantro dressing, the menu said glazed almonds, but they weren't there, and it was still very good.
Entree's were enchiladas de cangrejo y camaron, which was packed with tons of crab and shrimp, and the only complaint my companion had was that they wished the topping sauce was just a little spicier.
I ordered mole poblano, and I have to say, it was very good.  A very good size portion, served with rice and black beans (yech, don't care for those). We both couldn't finish our entree's because they were so generous, and we wanted to save room for dessert.  Flan....wonderful, but honestly, if you go there for no other reason, go for the banana crepes.  The crepe was so light, almost see through, and it was a very good finish to the meal.  I think the next time we go, we'll just order a bunch of the appetizers, and sample more.
No entree is over $20, with most in the $16/17 range.  Plus we had a groupon.
I liked it and thought the food and service was fine.  Such a nice little neighborhood treasure, I just thought I would share with anyone who hasn't been.
http://www.lascazuelas.net/Menus/Dinner.htmlLove this place! Second time here, but first time for brunch. WHAT A DEAL! Spent $16 on food for 2 people and HAD LEFTOVERS. Love the BYOT and got a pitcher of margaritas. I know dinner is a bit pricier but this is the perfect place for brunch with a bunch of friends looking for great food on a budget.Great mole!  We ordered the mole negro and a HUGE appetizer plate.  Both were delicious.  The mole was thick and flavorful and pretty close to some of the Oaxacan restaurants in LA that I miss so much.  I was so happy to find authentic Mexican food in Philly that tastes good.  Horchata was not on the menu, but something made me ask.  After all they had other aguas frescas.  Our waiter said, "let me check."  He came back with two horchatas for my friend and me.  Wahoo!  
Las Cazuelas is a BYOB, so stop off for some Negra Modelo or tequila before you get there.  But do visit.  It's not cheap Mexican food, but it is delicious.  The atmosphere is nice (it could even be a nice date spot), and the staff are great.
UPDATE: horchata is still not on the menu, but it's there if you ask for it.  The mole poblano was good, as were the shrimp and beef dishes we ordered.The service was polite,  the food came in a great portion and very delucious. Our waitress was wonderful. One of my go to placesWent here with a large group yesterday. Our service was amazing and so are the nachos!!Made a reservation last week for a party of 30, we were accommodated on the second floor which was nice and roomy. We even had our own bar and the best part that its BYOTEQUILA. The food was fresh and delicious, the staff was friendly and very welcoming. We had some vegetarians in our party and we're very accommodating to their needs. Love you Las Cazuelas. We will definitely book another party there soon.I ate here with a friend a few weeks back. Quick and friendly service, I really liked the environment. We ordered and split an appetizer and an entree, decently priced, but worth it. Also, the establishment is BYOB.Changed their menu since I was there last, and regrettably did away with my favorite menu item... The puntas. I had the parillada tonight which is essentially fajitas without the tortillas, which was strange. Needless to say, I ordered a side of tortillas. I liked that they had a veggie option of saitan for an extra $1.50, but also found it strange that the default meat for the dish was beef but if you wanted chicken it was an also an extra $1.50! Not that it's necessarily gone downhill over the years, but it has definitely changed... Just not sure yet if it's for the better. Love the BYOB thing though!Went on a Saturday night and was surprised that the restaurant wasn't more crowded. Server was attentive and knowledgeable.  We ordered the chicken quesadillas, chorizo quesadillas and vegetarian enchiladas.  All were excellent!  
It's hard to find a good BYOB Mexican restaurant in the city and this one does not disappoint.  We will definitely be going back to try more things, for sure.  
Make sure you check in with Yelp and you'll receive a free pitcher of margaritas!I love Mexican food and while I don't care too much for Mole there were plenty other items to try which we found delicious and everything was so fresh and made to order.. Such a cute small spot and definitely overlooked.. Try it out with a Groupon deal I cant wait to go back!!We went here on a Sunday evening at 820. They gave us seating outside and informed that their kitchen closes at 9. We were ready to order everything by 825pm. No one came to ask for water or take order. There was one waitress outside service other 4 tables but kept smiling at us and did not stop by. Finally at 845 I called inside and requested to be served. So, finally someone came outside to help us with water and get us wine glasses. So our first experience was not that good. 
The only reason why this place gets 3 stars os because the food was very good and tasty. The place is also byob with no corkage fees. They give free chips n salsa. Salsa was descent too. Although our chips took 45 mins to arrive and came with our apps instead of upfront. For food we ordered their friend banana with beef and chicken with saffrin rice for entrees. Recommend this place for food but be prepared for lowsy service.
Note: Dont forget to try their Deablo sauce. A little goes a long way.....With Mole on my mind we decided to try Las Cazuelas. Believe it or not it's tough to find a Mexican BYOB with Mole dishes on their menu in this city... From the get go I knew service was going to be an issue. The hostess couldn't accommodate us sitting upstairs because she claimed she had to fill the first floor first so she squished us into the only remaining table downstairs. For the entire meal I felt like everyone in the restaurant could hear my conversation and I could clearly hear theirs making it a very uncomfortable dining experience. 
After being seated we waited over 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink orders which was completely unacceptable as there were 2 servers and only 20 people in the tiny restaurant. 
Anyways, you now understand that the service was terrible, on to the food! We started with the Chicken Quesadillas and Las Tres Marias which were corn patties topped with pork, chicken, black beans, and chipotle. The apps were yummy but I would pass on the Quesadillas as they were nothing special. For dinner we had the Chicken Mole which was only slightly above average.  The portion was average and it was $17.50 for the entree which was a bit high considering I finished my meal and was still slightly hungry. 
I would return only to try other items and if I happened to be in the neighborhood. There are other mexican restaurants in the city that are much better and as affordable.First went with my hubby about a year ago, due to a LivingSocial deal. During that visit, and every time we've gone back, we've received very good service and an excellent meal. We've been there on quieter dates and also with a group of friends-- it's great for both!
My husband's favorite is the arroz con pollo and mine is anything with their mole sauce. It's not for everyone, but if you like mole it's delicious here.
I believe it's a little pricier than it should be, entrees running a few dollars more than expected. But it's a BYO and they make great margaritas (which I don't ordinarily like, but I do here) if you byo tequila. Plus, you'll find deals on Groupon or LivingSocial pretty often, so snag one when you see it!Love this place! The mole sauce is the best and the service is great.We had an amazing table upstairs by the balcony. Great service and food was SO GOOD! Mole is delicious. Burrito is huge. Hot sauce is VERT HOT!Excellent food. Simple decor. Nice waitress and owner. I highly recommend this placeDefinitely the best mexican food in the city! Although Pico de Gallo on 15th and South is close. It is a BYOB, but a little on thepricey side. The decor is cute, and the service is good. The food is just delicious!!!My friend and I bought a living social deal to this restaurant and found ourselves very pleased! We unfortunately did not bring any drinks with us, so we could not taste the drinks that they would mix for you, but were very happy with the food!
We split the nachos and the shrimp and crab empandas. The nachos came out piled high with guac (I was very pleased that there was no extra charge for this), meat, beans, salsa, and tonssss of cheese. It was clear that the tortilla chips were homemade as they were crunchy, thick, but not too greasy. Everything about the nachos was great and messy, exactly what I wanted!
The crab and shrimp empanadas were also really great! Came with some rice and fall vegetables and the pistachio mole blew me away! Complemented the empanadas perfectly, and the filling was great. It was a creamy filling, so if you're a fan of crab rangoon, this was kind of the mexican version of that.
On top of delicious food, we had excellent service. My water cup was constantly being refilled and the waitress checked on us just enough so that we had everything we need, but not too much that we were annoyed with her. 
Overall a great spot! I'll have to come again with drinks and taste the mixed drinks they have :)A good BYO mexican joint... especially with the deals that are usually available. The food is tasty and the atmosphere is very laidback.My boyfriend and I had a groupon. We didn't have to drive long to find a street parking. This is an adorable little corner location.
My boyfriend has the moles enchiladas and had the eggplant vegetarian dish. The mole enchiladas were a traditional Hispanic dish, and it brought back memories of studying abroad in Costa Rica. The eggplant dish was poorly seasoned with little to know flavor. In addition, it was really hot and ice cold in other places, which was confusing. However, the eggplant was well cooked and not mushy. Also, it had a beautiful presentation!
Why the three stars? This is a small location and my boyfriend and I went at the end of October. We sat next to the door because that was the only spot opened. There was a party in the upstairs room and the wait staff kept opening and closing the door allowing cold air in and the people arriving at the party kept the door open constantly too. I asked for café de olla despite being eight o'clock at night because I was frozen. I told the waiter I was very cold and so was my boyfriend. He said he would try to keep the door open, which didn't happen. My boyfriend got up several times to shut the door. The waiter also forgot the coffee. So, I was annoyed and my boyfriend felt bad. The food was fairly good. But, the atmosphere of the meal took away from it leaving it disappointing.We went for lunch and although it wasn't very busy when we were there the staff was great.  Especially since we had our two kids a 2 yr old and 3month old with us.  We were really wanting some authentic mexican food.  We had just left our home in So Cali and missed being able to get some great food almost anywhere in town.  The food measured up!  We will definitly be back to try more on the menu.  The food did have a twist of class which was nice.  The food was pretty and the price was right.  
It was hard to get parking due to the location on the corner of a main street and a one way.  But it was worth the couple of blocks we walked.  Also, don't bring a stroller.  There isnt any room.  Oh and all the food is super fresh and homemade. YAY!The food here is really great, especially the appetizers. Everything tastes fresh and authentic. The entrees tend to be a little expensive in comparison to the portions. My husband and I usually get 3-4 appetizers and split an entree (generally the arrachera, which is excellent). The tres leches is to die for! I subtracted a star because the service can be spotty, at best. The waitstaff is friendly, however pretty much every time I've eaten here (easily 20 times), they always seem to be in the weeds. This results in things like waiting an inordinately long time to have your order taken, water not getting refilled and then long waits for the check. I really wish they'd get it together in that regard.DISCLAIMER : my wife is a head chef so I'm kind of spoiled on really good food, so I have high expectations.
Wife and I went to LC for an early dinner last Saturday. I had bought the $20 for $10 deal, so when we got there and the waitress offered to make us Margharita's, I was all for driving two blocks and picking up a mid-level bottle! (after we ordered the apps)! 
The Mango Margaritas were very tasty. Out came our empanadas and Mole. I was surprised how small the empanadas were and there were only two (2). My wife and I both come from the food business and we have run restaurants and cafeteria's. We know it costs about 25-35 cents to make the empanadas and mole, and they were charging $7.50 for each dish! The food was Good I must say, but it did not knock our socks off. 
The pulled pork did not have enough Mexican spices in it, it kind of reminded us of bbq pulled pork. The seafood enchiladas were good, but for $18 bucks? They brought me out a side of hot sauce, complimented the food well.
When we got the bill I notices they had charged us $7.00 for the margarita mix, and $1.00 for the small side of hot sauce. I felt like I was being nickel and dimed and the prices were a little steep. I would like to try out other Mexican restaurants in area and then compare them to LC, but for now... only two stars for this one. Despite everything it was a pleasurable experience, i think it helped that we had just come from philly brew co, and drank beer for an few hours beforehand...I won't give five stars only because this was our first time but I could have gone there.  Except for the tortilla soup being a little shy on that authentic flavor (I've had better, but this was good on its own merits),.....the food was very good.  My wife had the house salad with chicken and she enjoyed it much. The dressing was a cilantro mix and was very good.  I had the poblano mole (breast of chicken with mole sauce and side of black refried beans and rice.  That was very authentic, delicious and plenty.  We happened to visit Philly and always seek out Mexican or Latin flavors.  BYOB is huuuuge.  Definitely come back if in the areaCute little restaurant. Very good for Sunday brunch. We avoided the long lines of other NoLibs and Downtown places. I had the Huervos Mexicanos , very tasty. 
Attentive service. Wide menu, authentic Mexican food.I went to Las Cazuelas for the first time last week and the best part about the experience was the tequilla...and we brought that with us.  From start to finish, this place was a disappointment.  The place was completely empty when we arrived and we still had a long waits for service.  This is a BYO so we brought tequilla with us but expected they would make our margaritas.   Instead they brought the maragarita mix to the table and told us to pour the tequilla in our glasses and then add the mix.  Admittedly, this did allow for stronger drinks which were needed by the time our appetizers came out.  All of the food we ordered seemed extremely greasy, especially the queso which basically solidified before it got to our table.  I have been to some really good mexican places in the city but this clearly is not one of them.uhhhhhhhhhhhhMAZING mexican food. the place is not too fancy (quaint is a decently good description that I see other people using), and the service is nothing to write home about (but absolutely no complaints there), but it's definitely the best mexican food that I've had in Philly in my 2+ years here. try it out!
They constantly advertise on Yelp and LivingSocial, and it's usually a $10 for $20 deal, so my meals with my wife usually come out to be a max of $5... pretty awesome.First I want to say that I've downgraded my review after having contacted the email address on the website and waiting a week. No reply, no acknowledgement at all.
Because I was hosting family from out of town two weekends ago, the Tuesday before our family event I reserved a table for 11 people on Saturday night via Yelp. We planned our day around this, knowing we'd need to be in No Libs by 7.
I received a phone call to confirm at 12:30, as well as a text message and an email. Three confirmations. When I called around 3 to add one more person, I was told that it wouldn't be a problem but they appreciated the call. Lo an behold, after the 12 of us piled into Ubers and arrived, laden with a few six-packs and a bottle of tequila, we were told there was no reservation; it must have been lost. We spoke to a woman who identified herself as the manager, and with a shrug and an apology, she turned us away.
I couldn't believe this. First of all, we had planned our day around this and spent money and time on transportation to get to our reservation that had been thrice confirmed. Secondly, I was extremely embarrassed to tell my family that the nice dinner we were looking forward to and that I had planned had been cancelled without our knowing it. Finally, to be turned away without any sort of compensation, a coupon off a future visit, anything to attempt to apologize for the inconvenience, was unacceptable.
I am surprised and disappointed by this. As I mentioned in my previous review, I had always had a great experience at this restaurant. At this point, I have no plans to return and I certainly will never make a reservation for a large group again.So I Get into Philly and it's my Daughters Birthday week and she loves Mexican food. I look for the best places and everyone of them is either booked or just does not have it... Guacamole!!! is very important to my kid... So we are walking around First Friday and I check my yelp app and this place Las Cazuelas Comes up. Decent reviews affordable (what Mexican food should be) and all different types of options. 
What a great surprise, The food was excellent! Thanks for bringing out the Birthday Churro's !
By the time we left around 9 the place was packed. Good choice!Although the service was top notch and the chips and salsa were delicious, the main course was a little underwhelming.  
In fact, on the walk home, I realized that although I haven't grocery shopped in quite awhile, I still could have prepared the same meal at home.  
That was depressing.  
It just seems like they are caught between being a snooty NoLibs restaurant and a neighborhood mexican place.I'd like to start by saying it wasn't bad by any means, but there is certainly much better Mexican food in area. I gave two thumbs up for their homemade chips, as they were delicious!  The salsa was pretty good too. I had the vegetarian enchiladas. It seemed like it was just a tortilla wrapped with sparse veggies. The enchilada sauce just ehh. I wouldn't say I would never go back again, because I'd be up to trying something else on their menu. For right now, I just give it 3 stars.My partner and I live in the 'burbs and were craving authentic Mexican food and were willing to drive.  We found it at Las Cazuelas!  Not only was the food delicious, it was incredibly well priced.  The server was knowledgable about food allergies, spoke to the chef to modify the fish tacos to be gluten free, and checked on us just enough without being overbearing.  The nachos appetizer was as good as it gets -- just the right amount of every ingredient in every bite.  With an order of nachos to share and an order of tacos each, our taste buds and bellies were celebrating.  We cannot wait to return!Food was excellent, no sarcasm! Steak and shrimp tacos were both on point.
However...
Do NOT sit upstairs! Service suffered immensely, we literally had to walk downstairs to get our check after sitting and waiting 15 minutes to get our credit card back. When we walked downstairs, our waiter and two other employees were literally sitting on the stairwell w our receipts in hand, just not coming up to finish our experience.
Oh, and it must be noted that my wife found a sizable piece of saran wrap in her rice. When mentioned, we were comped with a free dessert. A nice gesture, but once again left us with no waiter for 15 minutes while we picked at it even though full. 
Great food, slow service, plastic wrap. The end.Las Cazuelas gives dignity to Mexican food.  The appetizers include the usual suspects, but the entrees really shine.  It's become our go-to restaurant for out of town guests.  Ambiance is warm and cute.  The only consistently mediocre thing is the service.  The servers have always been very sweet and accommodating, but they lack professionalism / experience.
I've visited Las Cazuelas three times, each time with my boyfriend and out of town guests.  Each time, our party was very happy with the food and pleasantly surprised, given preconceptions of Mexican food as well as the neighborhood.  (Neighborhood is fine, but that strip of Girard is not where you're expecting to find great food.)  On the first visit, our guests sniffed at the prices for Mexican food but ended the meal gushing about how good it was and planning to return.  (We've been trained that Mexican dishes over $10 must be overpriced.)
The entrees come to the table beautifully plated.  All eyes at the table light up!  Our favorites include the Chipotle shrimp, and the Chile Relleno.  My sister is a mole aficionado  and loved their mole sauce.  My "difficult" friend ordered the Arroz con Pollo, and loved it.  On my last visit, I ordered the Pork Chop which was so impressively composed on the plate with multiple sauces and so many complementing flavors.  And it passed my test of whether I could just as easily have made the dish at home.  The only mediocre dish we've seen was the beef tips - uninspired.  This isn't five star fancy food, but it is as good as most of the good byob's in Philly.  And it's inexpensive by comparison.  Bring a bottle of Tequila and they'll make you a decent Margarita pitcher for $6.  
Regarding the service, our worst visit was a mid-week visit.  They were out of the ingredients to mix Sangria with our bottle of Red Wine and they didn't have any specials.  The server explained that the chef hadn't been in that day!  We didn't need to hear that.  All three entrees came out lovely and delicious, but there was such an uneasy feeling as we waited, wondering if we shouldn't have come that night.I went for lunch this weekend for the first time. Thought it was a warm, cozy place with decent, friendly service.  Had the chicken with mole poblano, which was well seasoned, really tasty! For dessert, the tres leches was very good. Overall good restaurant, and would definitely go back.This is our favorite Latino (Mexican/Puerto Rican) restaurant in Philly.  It is not in Center City, or one of the City's many restaurant hot spots, but rather at 4th & Girard.  They bill themselves as a Regional Mexican place, but the menu seems to be broader than just Mexico.  They have an open kitchen, so you can see the meal preparations and it is a BYOB - so bring your wine, beer, or as many do, your own tequila and make Margaritas.   The prices are reasonable and the menu is extensive.  The Shrimp Ceviche is great and I love their Camarrones Chipotle (Jumbo shrimp marinated in olive oil and garlic topped with chipotle sauce).  We also ordered a Fiesta Platter, which is just that - a fiesta of many delicious Mexican appetizers (Chicken Empanada, Taco Dorado, Cheese Quesadilla, and more) - they say for 4, but it also makes a fun entre!  The Guacamole Ranchero is delicious and their Cochinita Pibl (braised pork shoulder) melts in your mouth.  Street parking is usually no problem and the vibe is casual and comfortable.  It is a regular of ours and once you go, you'll be back for sure.I first went to the  resturant on ew Yea's Eve in 2005 maybe, we had a blast and the food was just delsh. One standout recomedation was the cervecheshrimp which was te best ve ever had.  Wereturned on severl occasions as a couple and brought other friend there, everyone raved about the food an the vry cool tmosphere.  Well iwoul up having my wedding dinner in the privae room on the secnd floor, again another greatime ws had by all.  If you like Mexican food  ths is the place to go, t's adelight in food, ambiance, and pleasure.  wold tellanyon to go there.Delicious food, I got the Enchiladas Camaron and it was amazing, in a world with Chipotle's & Taco Bell's it's nice to find some great authentic cuisine !this is the place to try seitan the meat alternative that people are talking about. they make some nice dishes and the owner makes excellent buffet on the weekends. try anything with the seitan as he will make anything from scratch and will substitute any dish with it we came here after trying another hot spot called interstate a new one on palmer off girard and again these guys make excellent seitan dishes. don.t foget sketch on girard near palmer for some teriyaki seitan.must be a great seitan location these places as all seem to be getting it..My husband and I went to Las Cazuelas on the recommendation of a co-worker, when we were looking for a good place for a late lunch/early dinner.  So we've only been there once, but we're definately going back.  The servers were very friendly, and we were seated in a cozy spot.  We both ordered some sort of seafood enchilada with some julienned veggies; it was all simple, but very flavorful, spiced and seasoned just right, and just all-around delish. Then I got a tres-leche cake with some Abuelita hot chocolate--so good!  It was really the perfect meal.  Can't wait to go back.We were out for a girls night and decided to try this restaurant. We were a party of 8 and had a good section of the upstairs where we were able to be by ourselves and have a good time. I love that its a byob and the margaritas were delicious. My only complaint was of our waitress she seemed like she was in la la land. Very ditsy had to ask multiple times for service. Food was delicious and made up for it.It was time to try Las Cazuelas. I came for dinner on a Friday the weather was great so I went for the outdoor seating. Our waiter whom I think his name was Pablo was GREAT. He was super attentive, informative and really friendly. I start with an order of guacamole and chips and a pitcher of classic margarita mix. The guacamole was delicious the chips were overcooked and very hard. The margarita mix was great and it was free!!  
I order the cochinita pibil and my bf ordered the mole poblano. My dish was not what I expected for $15.00. The pork had lots of fat. The flavor was light it could have used a little more. My entrée came with rice, black refried beans and fried plantains.  The rice was plain and there wasn't much flavor and so for the beans. I think I have had better rice and beans at a tacqueria. I wasn't able to eat my plantain because after one bite I realized it was under cooked. No bueno! My bf's dish was highly disappointing as well. He dish consisted of a small piece of chicken breast over mole sauce with a side of their bland rice and bean.  I'm pretty confident I could have made theses entrees myself at home and better tasting. Overall each entrée we ordered was a disappointment especially for the price. I enjoyed the guac and the margarita mix but sadly I will not be returning.  This establishment is truly not a 4 star, it's more like 3.I have been going to this place for  more than 10 years and it's awesome!  If you love real Mexican food, you'll love this place.  Great mole. Very cute atmosphere. Surrounding neighborhood a little sketch. BYOT-bring your own tequila & they've got the mixThe food and the atmosphere here is great but not good enough for the poor service.  Be prepared to be here for awhile if you are coming to eat.  The waitress did not ask for a drink order and every time we needed something we had to track her down.  
I am not a fan of a traditional Mexican restaurant where there is not hot sauce or salsa on the table, you have to ask for it and they charge you a $1.I went here for dinner with a Groupon and, to be honest, I was pleasantly surprised. The place is quaint and clean. The waitress was jovial as she greeted us and lead us to our table. She took the time to go over menu options and any questions we had. Now to the good part. The food! We ordered the shrimp ceviche, the sampler and the 'el tejano' burrito. The food came well plated and was delicious! Word of caution; if ordering when hungry, the sampler is enough of a meal for two, don't get a burrito too. By the time the burrito came, I was stuffed from the sampler and ceviche. I did take a bite of the burrito ( it was also lunch the next day) and it was quite delicious! I'd definitely go to this little gem again!Through the end of the week, Las Cazuelas is offering up any item from their menu for $7 between 11am-3pm. That's a pretty sweet deal. Dan and I stopped in here on a lunch break from work. We picked up a few beers from the Foodery and stopped by.
The spot is tiny, but nice. there are about ten tables across the dining area with a small, open kitchen. The walls are brightly painted, and there are several other endearing decorations. I don't usually go crazy over atmosphere, and one shouldn't expect anything from a place on 5th and Girard, but the decor is well done.
I don't want to make a blanket statement about the service but here are two of my observation's: Las Cazuelas and the Abbaye share some staff, to my chagrin. Second, my first choice on the menu wasn't available (the last two were served moments before). I'm not a restaurant manager, but running out of a dish before lunch (let alone dinner) is finished seems to be problematic. One plus are the free chips and salsa verde as soon as you sit down.
The food came out quickly. I ended up with a dish with rice and pan-seared shrimp, along with caramelized mixed veggies. Everything was acceptable, but I can't rave about anything. The portions could have been a bit bigger. Dan went with marinated beef tips, with refried beans and avocado. He said that the meat wasn't the best cut, and it marinade could have been improved upon. Neither of us could remark about anything other that the fact that we were getting a "good deal for the money."
For our drinks, we picked up Rouge's Chili Ale, which had a great pepper taste that didn't overpower. It was a great way to start our meal. We had the Hot Rock lager from Port Brewing to finish, which was a solid, but not outstanding, lager.
Bottom Line: I'd prefer not to bash a place that is offering such a great deal. I like the initiative to get in new customers. But with a plethora of good Mexican spots, one of my favorites only a few blocks a way, I can't see myself ever going back here.My favorite Mexican in the city.  Been coming here for years now, and while I admit the food quality has gone downhill, it's pretty much gone from six stars to five stars.
The BYOT (bring your own tequilla) is a blast and an added bonus!was here for a work christmas party in December.  i'm not a big mexican food fan so i was extremely surprised just how much i enjoyed all the food we had that night...and it was plentiful!!!!!!  everything was flavorful and i left at the end of the night so stuffed i couldn't breath.  this is one mexican restaurant that i would definitely return to. staff was also very nice.(Hard to be a strict vegetarian here, but) I love love love the ambiance, the awesome live music on Friday nights, the salads, and the most amazing Tres Leches Cake around!I love this place especially because I can use groupon when ever they have a sale on groupon I look to see if it valid here!! & they are byob on top of the wine and sport being down block!!I love to try new restaurants, and when I saw the reviews for Las Cazuelas on yelp I had to check it out... well that, aannd I was craving Mexican food . 
After seeing that Las Cazuelas is a BYOB spot, around 7:30 PM on a Thursday my boyfriend and I drove to the liquor store for some tequila (patron to be specific), which were about $6 each for the mini bottles (I bought 2, should have bought 4 ). Anyway,  we got to the restaurant around 8 PM and there were about 4 groups already seated, half inside half outside. It was a bit awkward walking in because no one was there to immediately greet us, but as soon as we saw thee ONLY server at the time named Josie, she let us know she would be with us. 
My bf and I chose to sit outside because it was a nice day in May hehe, and luckily we got there in time because more people started arriving after us. Oh btw, Las Cazuelas closes at 10 PM on Thursday. We were seated outside by Josie who was a great waitress; she spoke loud and clear, described the meals in detail and was very attentive. My bf and I started our meal off with a free pitcher of Pomegranate/Mango  Marguerita (bf's choice to mix, I just wanted classic ). Also the free pitcher coupon was received from yelp, Thank you yelp . So we then got the sampler appetizer for starters. I asked Josie what the most popular chicken meal was and she stated that it was the Arroz Con Pollo,  I got that and my bf got Nachos for the main course. 
By the time our main course came out, my bf and I were so full from the Marguerita, sampler, and chips and dip, we asked for two boxes to go and the bill. But from what I did eat... the Arroz Con Pollo was really good, the added sliced avocados on top really made it delightful and the black beans that came along with the meal were the best part in my opinion. My grandmother makes Arroz Con Pollo, so I can't lie, I did compare theirs to hers, but my grandmother is from Central America so of-course the taste is going to be slightly different. Nothing beats grandmas cooking though. I also tried my boyfriends Nachos... they were good as well, definitely authentic ingredients, I would say Las Cazuelas also makes their own chips because the taste and crunch is different then most, but I am not sure about that. 
All in All, I give Las Cazuelas 4 stars for their customer service first (Josie was awesome), and their meals second (Loved those beans). I would definitely return to try more!!I ordered tacos al pastor and swapped one of my tacos with my friends Carnitas Taco.  In my opinion, Al Pastor was better.  I do wish that we were able to order 3 different tacos rather than have to order 3 of the same.Checked this place out the other day for lunch and overall it was a good experience. I had the steak tacos which were flavorful. My friend had the shrimp tacos which he also enjoyed. The tacos are all about $8 to $10 for an order of three, which is fair. It is also BYOB which is nice. Only reason I am giving 4 stars would be for the wait time on the food. Overall I will be returning to try out some different dishes.Outstanding service and amazing food!! My wife and two other friends visited after reading some of the good reviews.. We were pleasantly surprised to find plenty of parking nearby, no wait time at all they seated us within a few mins. We brought some coronas and our server was kind enough to let us use a bottle opener as we forgot ours. All together I would say it was a great dining experience with excellent food!I feel like BYOB'S are dwindling,  so it was nice to find a place you can bring your own tequila and get a yummy margarita!
I had chicken tacos amd black bean soup and my friend got steak. Both were delicious ad came out fast!
Be sure to tell the server how much of your tequila you want used. I like a drink that is a bit stronger and so we should have asked for them to use more tequila. 
The joint is a bit small, so make a reservation if you plan to go at a peak hour.Food was pretty good, I would recommend the rib eye steak as it is very flavorful and the service was great!  byob so you can bring your best booze!I ordered delivery from here a few times and each time the delivery was prompt, food fresh, and hot. I just went into the actual restaurant with my friend send the food was of course still amazing. Our waiter was very kind and attentive. I got a burrito with seitan (yay vegetarian options!!) and a cheesecake buenoulos both were phenomenal, definitely get the dessert even if you have to get it to go! I will definitely be back a number of times.Cannot wait to go back!!! Excellent service, I loved Leslie, and fantastic food!
We started out with the delicious guac which is accompanied by tasty homemade chips. The Ensalada Nopalitos, Cactus Salad, was big enough to share so we would have room for our entree. It was great! I had the Arrachera, which was cooked perfectly to my specification. I loved the black bean soup and potato cake that came with it. Great pairing.Comfy place with great food, friendly staff, and cozy atmosphere.  Went with 3 friends, we split 2 entrees and an appetizer and all left satisfied.  Great BYOB place.It's good solid Mexican but it just didn't excite me. The prices are a bit high but it's a very pretty space . Maybe it's not fair to rate after only one visit but here you go. Went for an early dinner. Service was good. But nothing blew me away. Had the shrimp, it was a little over cooked and the tortillas were not really hot. Some of the chips seemed less then fresh. The ice tea was over brewed and tannic. My ex loved her entree mole' and she was the chef at Zocalo years ago. So... trust her judgment more then mine. But this is my review.Love it here..great food and staff!!  The margaritas are delicious and affordable...the food is much better that El CaminosI handed in my last final for the semester so I wanted a margarita-- but knew that it would be a lot of margaritaS (capital S) and didn't want to spend a bunch of cash on it, so we headed to this BYOB armed with our tequila AND a groupon in hand. Double win! Corn on the cob (mmmm cotija cheese!) was delicious. The queso fundido was eh. It immediately congealed and it was hard to eat. My tacos al pastor were good but not the best I ever had. I didn't get to taste anybody else's food but they all were so happy about their choices. Oh, p.s. if you can, order the sweet plantains--freakin' delicious. I suggest you come, taste for yourself and enjoy this small, low-key restaurant. Elite Yelp tip: You can walk 5 mins to 2nd and Girard and get booze if you need it. Amazeballs. Non-Elite Move: Tripping in your heels at the end of the night and skinning your knee. Oh, BYOBs you literally slay me.Went here for lunch after a recommendation. I enjoyed the ambiance and the service was good. I had the carne asada tacos and they were good, a tad bit under seasoned but they were tasty. I also got the horchata and it was not as good as I was hoping, it looked really pale--very milky. But I am also very picky about horchata. My favorite thing was the cheesecake buñuelo. I'll be going back to try other dishes.so so good.  OMG!.  my girlfriend had the Los Dos Ceviches (presentation was fabulous) and I had the chicken quesadilla (stuffed to the brim with chicken) and also the Platano Yucateco.
Sweet plantain stuffed with ground beef picadillo, topped with jalapeno cheese with meat and cheese.  so delicious.  We used a Groupon with no problem, and also they took our order and served us in no time at all.  Quick courteous service.  Will make this my favorite Mexican restaurant from now on.Cute little place on Girard. I went b/c of a Groupon deal and I was very satisfied, except for the guacamole ranchero appetizer- it was only alright and I wanted more flavor! It was still a reasonable portion size for two people and that little drizzling of mole sauce on the side made me a believer again! They did very well with their entrees, and I appreciated that they didn't have a thousand options to choose from like in other Mexican restaurants. I ordered a house special of red snapper with Mexican rice and it was delish! My friend had the Arrachera, a skirt steak that I actually enjoyed more than my fish. I'm sure I'll be back, seeing as though the place is on the trolley line and its just a quick jaunt to Northern Liberties.I don't know where to begin, because I don't know what I could say that could adequately convey how wonderful this restaurant was.
The wife and I showed up on Saturday night at about 6:45 without reservations. We were seated promptly in the downstairs area. Empty when we arrived by full by departure. Everyone gave sincere greetings and were super nice. We were immediately brought glasses for our wine. 
We had delicious course after delicious course starting with the chicken empanadas, onto the chicken nachos, fish tacos for me and carnitas tacos for her, and then dessert to share. The fish tacos were a delicious work of art and the carnitas were out of this world. 
It would be impossible to say what we liked most, but the biggest surprise of the evening was the dessert. I can't remember the name but it was sweetened cream cheese, in a rolled tortilla, fried, tossed in cinnamon sugar and plated with mango jam and whipped cream. I call it a surprise because we aren't frequent dessert eaters and we almost NEVER eat anything cream or cream cheese bases. But despite already being full and satisfied with our already lovely evening, we DEVOURED the dessert.
 The best part is that it only cost us $35! A steal for the quality.
I'd love to keep this place a secret and have it all to ourselves, but you need business to stay open so there's that. Happy dining!Your authentic Mexican restaurant with nice service. Prices are slightly above average, but the decor, plating, and ambiance are also slightly above average. BYO!Great little BYO in NoLibs.  Their mole is to die forWent here on the advice of my brother.  The food was pretty good but nothing special, and it was expensive.  The service was fine.I just had my first dinner here and it was SPECTACULAR!! The environment was personal, cozy, and there was Spanish language music playing in the background. The hostess/waitress was very warm, sweet, and the service was great despite her being pregnant (she moved quickly)!! There was actual Mexican Coke there (from the bottle), which made my week, and the appetizer Los Dos Ceviches was delicious!! I ordered the Chicken Enchiladas Mole and my tastebuds did somersaults. Every bite of the meal was so authentic and worth every penny!! Having lived in Texas, where the Mexican population is abundant and authentic Mexican food is on every corner, I must admit that I was spoiled and am quite picky. This by far is truly some of the best Mexican food I've had since I moved into the city!!This place is worth it, We try to come here once a month.  My wife and I  come here to eat, Sopesitos, Flautas, Cochinita and Churros and they are always delicious and made with fresh ingredients.
Some other items We avoid them because We don't like like Flor de calabaza taco.... No everything has to be perfect for my taste.
I am Mexican and come to las Cazuelas to eat real, authentic Mexican foodNice, casual, fresh ingredients, nice people.  Perfect portions.  Real Mexican.  Don't expect a giant plate of refried beans and cheese, this is real food!I was pleasantly surprised with this quaint Mexican BYOB. The food seems very authentic - I ordered the Carne Azada, which was delicious, including the mole sauce. My wife got some carnitas dish which she enjoyed as well. The tacos dorados and guacamole ranchero were excellent starters. My only complaint, if you could call it that, is that the prices are a little on the high side considering the portions you get. But the quality was great so I really didn't care.This place has the best and most authentic Mexican in the area. It's reasonably priced too. The servers are kind and the owner even spoke with us at times. I got the chicken enchiladas mole and it was amazing. The refried beans were clearly homemade. We got the empanadas as an appetizer, just get them. Same with the corn. Churros served with Mexican hot chocolate was the perfect dessert.I'm not sure why it took me so long to get here but this will definitely be my new 'hood spot for Mexican goodness. Loved the food the small resto vibe and the fact it's byo. The crab and shrimp enchiladas are the bees knees. 
Go go go.I love this place. Good music, friendly staff, great chef, always comfortable, good prices, and serves the only dish that I have ever craved from states away. The arroz con pollo is incredible. My fiance gets the pork chop every time (newer dish that replaced his last favorite) and it is also amazing. This is my feel better, date night, good food, go-to restaurant in Philadelphia. I used to live around the corner but still drive up there on a monthly basis for amazing food.Caleb is a wonderful soul. Queso is to die for. Margs were amazing!! Will definitely be back.
Did I mention Caleb was a beautiful man?Wonderful neighborhood restaurant where you will always get a good meal. Nice atmosphere, pleasant service and great food presentation. Bring a bottle of something chilled and get chillin'.Amazing!  Hosted a private party in the upstairs area and everything went perfect.  The food was amazing, the drinks were amazing and everyone had a great time!  I highly recommend for birthdays!Ole Ole Ole Ole and just one more Ole ! 
This place is the real deal and then some. After missing our original movie time CB and i were famished and in need of a place that was open for lunch and close to /in Nolibs. After a combination of yelping and groupon nowing we decided on Las Cazuelas. We walked in and the place was empty as in the kitchen staff , hostess and waitress were all standing around not usually a good sign but we went with it. After seating us at a table the hostess/waitress offered up bevs since we did not want to imbibe before the film we went with mexican sodas pina for me and orange for CB. Chips and salsa arrived at the table and the salsa had a surprising sweet flavor but it was cold (weird) but still tasty. We started with the fundidio which comes with your choice of mushrooms, chorizo or poblano peppers. We opted for the peppers. The fundido was perfect the peppers added a little kick and the cheese was stringy greasy perfection. My only gripe was we only got 3 flour tortillas so its a good thing we still had plenty of chips left or all that fundido would have been wasted. I couldn't decide if i wanted 2 or 3 tacos and at 2.75 each ( A STEAL ) i got 3 shrimp tacos authentic w/ cilantro and onions. I expected nothing like what i received. 3 huge shrimp tacos each holding 3 GIANT shrimp and just a sprinkling of onions the perfect ratio. the shrimp were cooked amazingly well and were seasoned with a slight spice YUM. CB tried each of the chicken taco options and one shrimp he enjoyed them all very much. Since they offered dessert and I'm a sucker for sweet things we split the tres leches cake which was very moist and creamy. I wrapped up my lunch with a mexican coffee hot and sweet with just a little punch. Our service was great and towards the end of lunch more tables arrived.
This restaurant is a little on the small side (downstairs has less than 6 tables I'm sure it would be great for groups though) Id say come here for a start to your friday night since its a BYOT and a BYOB . The menu is very reasonable and the parking situation is pretty awesome . I will def be back i think i found my Philly Mexican GO TO SPOTThis past weekend I took my family to this restaurant for my mom's birthday. The staff was BEYOND accomodating, we never had an empty glass of water, at one point our server overheard my sister asking everyone else at our table if they thought it was a little warm and our server asked us if he could adjust the temperature of the restautrant! He was extremely helpful in making recommendations based on his favorite dishes. As for the food, all I can say is amazing! Everything was delicious and the portions were generous. We were all able to taste eachother's with more than enough left over for ourselves. I do not think that one plate was left with food on it! Afterwards we had the flan for dessert which they brought out with a candle and sang along with us, which definitely wasn't required! And a huge bonus to the night was that it was a BYO and the prices were more than reasonable. All in all, we will be back to Las Cazuelas ASAP and recommend this too anyone who loves a great authentic Mexican restaurant with good food, good service and a good time!Just ate here, had the Pollo Poblano and my brother had the carne asada. Food was delicious and came quickly. Service was excellent.. I was surprised to find such as classy looking Mexican restaurant near Temple, a good place to bring friends visiting. I'll definitely be back!!I'm going to keep this short and simple...
Pros: Wonderful food, incredibly low prices, great portion size and friendly service.
Cons: A bit out of the way... 
I went here with my wife because I bought a gift certificate from Living Social. Totally worth the trip. We had the Queso Fundido... so good!!!! I want to go back tomorrow!!!!
Pretty authentic tastes and friendly service. Can't beat that!!!Las Cazuelas is a cute little upscale Mexican place. We ordered the appetizer sampler and the dos ceviches. It was enough food for two people, with leftovers. We probably could have finished it comfortably had we been hungrier. The ceviches were decent, the shrimp better than the tillapia, which had an interesting spicy-fruity taste. The appetizer sampler at $16 was huge, with delicious empanadas and very good tacos dorados. Their salsa is mildly spicy and tasty. The nachos were pretty good, served with a thick bean paste, melted cotija cheese, and a sprinkling of diced tomatoes.
On the downside: the tamales were a little dry (as tamales are apt to be). Some of our chips were quite stale (and strangely had gone a little soft), and the avocado we were served with the ceviche was inedibly unripe. If that's their idea of how avocado should be served, I'm afraid to try their guacamole. Also, this place is just a tad more expensive than I usually like to pay for Mexican food, as entrees averaged about $18. Who knows though, maybe they're so fantastically delicious that they're worth the price. I guess that remains to be seen, but for now, 3 stars.The continuous (and sometimes Quixotic) quest for good Mexican in Philly finds fulfillment at Laz Cazuelas, which balances a relaxed vibe with authentic Mexican food and BYOB functionality. Throw in mariachis and boat-drink support and it's almost enough to ignore the blasts of cold winter air rushing in each time the door opens and pretend you're chillaxing in Jalisco.
Pros
-For Mexican it mostly starts and ends with the food. We had the Sopa Azteca and Ceviches for starters (both delicious, the sopa azteca exquisitely spicy) before moving onto the skirt steak and mole enchiladas, both were terrific.
-Price - there's nothing here to suggest the fusion with New American ala Xochitl or Lolita, so stuff costs what it should. 
-BYOB
Cons
-Nothing overriding here. Since it's the season, I'd seek a redress for the aforementioned blasting cold air problem when the door opens, but some might find that refreshing, particularly when braced with a spicy bowl of Sopa Azteca.Las Cazuelas is a hidden gem in Philadelphia!  I usually eat in the Center City area so was excited to be getting outside of the usual neighborhood to eat Mexican food at Las Cazuelas in Northern Liberties for a friend's birthday.  It's BYOB which is perfect if you are looking for a really fun night with a group of friends.  We brought a bottle of tequila and they made us two pitchers of margarita - tropical and mango.  
We ordered a ton of food to share - Guacamole, Empanadas, Nachos, Fish Tacos, Pork Tacos, Enchiladas and Volcan De Res.  The Volcan De Res was recommended by our waitress which was fabulous.  We ordered it medium rare and the steak was so tender.  Our waitress was very helpful as she gave us many recommendations and stopped by many times to ask us if we needed anything.  Las Cazuelas closes on the early side on the weekends at 10pm.  We were at the restaurant well past the closing time since we were having too much fun, but the restaurant did not try to make us leave.  Hope to come back soon for some great Mexican food and margaritas!We came here after buying a Groupon.  We had a really relaxed meal here.  It's a quaint little restaurant that seemed to be family owned and run.  It also seemed to be popular with families, as both parties there were bigger groups of family members either having Sunday dinner or celebrating.  The service was right on point, without being overbearing.  They give you a decent amount of food, so of course, we ordered too much but had no problems finishing most of it.  The food was full of flavor, authentic, and rich.  It seemed they used fresh ingredients for the salsa and guacamole.  It's one of those places that you might not find yourself at often, but when you do, you'll be happy you made it.Food was great! Had the chuleta tentacion for dinner and the habanero ice cream for dessert. The only problem was the server. She was terrible. So if you go expect good food but lousy service.Food is excellent here. Get the empanadas for an appetizer for sure. All of the tacos I've ordered so far taste amazing. I think my favorite so far is the cancun tacos with tilapia because of the spicy mayo they throw in it. Love this place.Ate lunch there on a saturday. It was fantastic. Our server was knowledgable and made great recommendations based on my particular wishes. I sampled two apps and an entree. Everything was delicious.  Oh. And their guacamole is fantastic!  I can usually judge a Mexican restaurant solely on guac and Las Cazuelas does not disappoint.  Great chips too!  I'll definitely go back.We've been to Las Cazuelas a few times with Groupons.  Both times are food was "okay" and nothing to write home about.  I do love the concept of BYOT and the margaritas were pretty good.  I didn't particularly like the sauce on the enchiladas and felt that the food was somewhat dry.  I feel like there are a lot more better Mexican restaurants in the city.I too was there on Cinco De Mayo this past Friday night and let me tell you - the place was PACKED! True, they clearly were not prepared for such a crowd which is a fault on their end but patience is a virtue my friends. We were a party of 4 and got there around 8pm. We were told there would be a wait and given the amount of people we saw going in, it was reasonable enough for us. So we waited like the decent, patient human beings we are knowing how crazy it must be for the employees. 
About 30 min later we were told we could sit at the bar and was escorted there. Were there problems in the service that night? Absolutely. Even at the bar, there was no bartender and the waitress was running around like a chicken with her head cut off. But instead of speaking to them with a "threatening" tone like the below reviewer did, we waited...
Finally, DUE TO OUR PATIENCE AND KINDNESS FOR HUMANITY (instead of being a complete self-entitled jerk to people who are just doing their jobs), we were seated at a table upstairs. It was now 9PM. An hour wait on Cinco De Mayo from the time we got there is NOT bad at all. Plus, this place is BYO so we had tequila shots to hold us over. Not to mention the chips and salsa they immediately served us upon sitting at the bar. 
We ordered our food right away and our pitchers of margs. 
The food alone was so worth the wait and I genuinely pity those that left this restaurant in anger and impatience because dude, you missed out! 
The Carne Asada tacos were BOMB! Empanadas were prob the best I've ever had and their Queso dip was so cheesy and delicious that my mouth is watering all over again thinking about it. My friends had the shrimp tacos, Pastor tacos and my husband had the Chorizo Burrito (which was as big as my head!) All soooo delicious!
Where this establishment lacked in service, the food clearly made up for it. Could/should they have been more prepared? ABSOLUTELY. No arguments there but I truly felt bad for them that night. People were yelling and screaming for a table, their food and the waitresses were doing their best! They clearly never had a rush like this before but they made up for it. 
When the bill came, they comped us an appetizer and our two pitchers of margs for being so patient with them. And for the reviewers that called this place expensive..a taco order that comes with 3 tacos was $8....you pay more at a food truck, bruh. 
Our waitress was so sweet, frazzled, but you could see in her face how upset she was for not being able to cater to everyones needs the way she wanted. Adam, whom I am assuming is a bus boy?, took control and was the one who seated us at the bar, gave us chips and salsa to hold us over, tracked down our waitress, got us our table and then gave us grubhub coupons as an apology. If this kid is not on the wait staff, he should be! He's the reason why we didn't mind being so patient. 
All in all, the food was amazing and you shouldn't write this place off from one terrible experience on the busiest night of the year for them. Compassion and humanity go a long way, especially when your nice to those that handle your food!Came across this place after a night out in NoLibz. They had a great deal featured on Groupon and on Yelp. They have outdoor seating, which is awesome this time of year. The service was fast and our server was so friendly. They give you chips & salsa verde as you sit down -- and let me tell you, that salsa was amazing! We ended up ordering guacamole (delicious), Arrachera, 2 Mexican Coffees and fried ice cream. Everything was great. I highly recommend going here, and I will definitely be stopping by again! Don't forget to buy a Groupon or check in on yelp to uncover some deals before checking it out.My date was in the mood for Mexican.  I've been to Dos Segundos before and although it is more prototypically what you visualize for American Mexican it was not what I was in the mood for.    I also considered El Camino Real but, once again, not quite what I was after.  I found Las Cazuelas and it was well reviewed plus it was BYO.  It seemed well reviewed so I was looking forward to it.
We brought a bottle and we showed up.  It is a nice, small, one room place with a pleasant staff.  They were proud of their Mole sauce so that is what I ordered, over chicken.  My date had the vegetable enchiladas.  We both cleaned our plates.  The food was pretty good.
I will say this.  Based on the address I was expecting maybe more of a hole in the wall taqueria than a kind of fancy $20 entree place.  The truth is that is what I was looking for so I was disappointed but I did feel that I got my $50 worth.
Now that I know what to expect I would definitely return.We love this restaurant.  We've been going there since it opened many years ago.
This time we brought 2 people for their first visit.  They said it was the best Mexican
food they ever had.
I had coconut shrimp this time and it was delicious.  My husband had red snappef filet and said it was superb.
This time they offered chocolate tres leches.  It was to die for.  Their regular one is also amazing, but the chocolate was a real treat.Awesome place, been here multiple times, everytime is excellent. Also BYOB!We've now been to this place 3 times. The Groupon deal makes it a bargain. The $16 ribeye dinner is good and the steak properly cooked to order. Also had the pulled pork with rice and beans- a good hearty meal. The homemade guac and homemade chips is a great app while waiting for dinner. BYO for not only tequila but for beer- my choice with good Mexican food. Servers are friendly, place is small but we've never had to wait too long for a table. We had the mole chicken on one visit and although I can believe it's authentic, it is not my favorite.The queso dip is damn good.Best mexican food in the area.  Delicious, authentic and fresh.  We kept looking for someone's Abuela to come out of the kitchen.  Super accommodating to vegetarians - they offered to adjust meat recipes too.Went here while it was gusting winds and rain outside (it was a rough trek there). The restaurant is small but cozy and very colorful. The food is above average for sure but so are the prices.Awesome Mexican food place. The place is super trendy and the food is amazing. Really is a hidden gem with an outstanding menu. The service is awesome and the food is amazing.Came here for a friend's birthday BYO couple weeks ago (with around 20 or so friends) It was a little cramped, but if you're looking for a fun BYO, this is a good option!The margaritas are great and relatively inexpensive.
On the other hand, the food is very average. I had the nachos and the empanadas.Great food and friendly staff that went above and beyond the call of duty.  Definitely try the Tres Leche Cake when you go!My constant need for the half star: I would give this three and a half stars.  (note: my fellow diners would have given it four).  I visited Las Cazuelas for the second time last night.  Yelp deems three stars as "A-ok" and I think that is a very fitting label for Las Cazuelas.  It is a step up from many Mexican BYO's if decor and ambiance is what you're looking for.  The space is large, with ample upstairs seating.  It is a bit pricier than some other Mexican BYO's . . . but that's because the menu is more advanced than burritos and tacos.  
We started with the queso fundido . . . as always.  This was good, standard, and enjoyable.  We also got the tacos dorados, which were also fairly standard and enjoyable.  I ordered the enchiladas with crab, which again, I found to be standard and enjoyable.  Nothing was bad; nothing was outstanding.  
It is a great place to go with a group as it does have the seating and capacity.  And they take credit cards-woohooo!Ok want to start off by saying it's my birthday so heyyy!!! Ok went here tonight for my bday dinner I honestly can say it's ok. I heard a lot about this place and wanted to try it so the food was pretty good it has a great mixture of authentic and Tex mex but overall it wasn't bad if I lived in this neighborhood this would be my favorite Mexican spot not getaway lol....I ordered basically a carne Asada with rice and beans the steak was to die for I wish is wasn't well done because it would be a little bit better but the flavor was excellent that was my favorite dish of the night. My Bf had a burrito I believe it could have been better but it was pretty packed and he was full.   My all time favorite of the night was the dessert we shared a "tres Leche cake" I'm pretty sure that was the wrong name but Im close and I have pictures so you will see.... this cake was amazing!! It was a little dry at the top but they basically had like a homemade whipped cream for the top which was amazing and the best part was the bottom which was very moist that held the three different types of milk on the bottom. I would share the secret but I was told not too lol you just have to try it! I would say that this place can deserve five stars but they have to work on some their waitress staff so these stars I put was for my overall experience. 3 stars for the overall experience 4 stars for
The cake!Order was wrong. Barely meat on tacos. Queso fundito was just a lump of cheese. Missed items. Insisted it was right and quality was good. Horrible customer service.Came here with my girlfriend after getting a yelp deal and with over 130 reviews and an average of four stars I figured it was a no brainer.  Boy was I wrong, the place was empty and we were the only two people in there for the first hour it was open which is a little odd for a brunch place that seems to be quite popular and well reviewed.  The waitress was nice enough but seemed flustered which was also strange since we were her only customers, something just didn't feel right about this place.  We ordered the tamales which were gross, just a thick heavy corn batter steamed with a barely flavored cheese that resembled silly putty and didn't taste much better.  I ordered the poblano omelette which was supposed to come with roasted poblano peppers but it was basically the same omelet you can get at any diner in the world, cheese, red & green bell peppers and mushrooms but if you're paying attention you notice I didn't mention the roasted poblano because the omelette was completely devoid of it, I almost thought I by chance ordered the wrong meal because how can you honestly forget the ingredient the dish is named after, it's like ordering a fish taco but not actually getting fish in the tortilla.  I've eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner at many Mexican restaurants on both coasts and I must say this was the worst I've experienced, the food just didn't taste good nor the ingredients.  I didn't even bother to ask them to replace my meal with the proper ingredients because I feared what would come out next.  To add insult to injury I asked for some hot sauce (you know because the omelette had no flavor sans the poblano peppers) which was provided but I got charged an extra dollar for that lovely privilege.  Do yourself a favor and grab Mexican food at the myriad of other taquerias in Philly that offer a wholesome, fresh Mexican meal which is the exact opposite you can expect from this place, the one word I have for this place is gross.Went for lunch this week and got the
empanaditas de tinga.
pros: nice quiet atmosphere (at lunch time), pleasant waiter, good
chips and salsa, good empanadas (which are only on the dinner menu, but I was allowed to order them at lunch!).
cons: waiter disappeared after serving my entre (i couldn't find anyone
to refill my water glass), menu items lacked price diversity- it was
lunch time and all I really wanted was an inexpensive burrito to fill
my belly, but everything on the menu was at least 7 bucks (and I didnt
even see burritos).
overall: I'd go back, but only if i want to eat out for dinner.I love the food here! First I had soup, then we shared elote, both were really amazing, great flavor  I got the special fish tacos and my boyfriend got the chorizo ones and they were so good!! The menu is really extensive I can't wait to try everything else....our waitress was really nice and funny she told us the best things on the menu and accommodated our dietary restrictions.The food is fresh and delicious; the atmosphere is casual and friendly. I have never had a meal there I didn't enjoy greatly. The guacamole is fabulous. The mains are so good--anything with mole is especially tasty--and the Three Milk Cake, despite having had various iterations over the years, has always been just scrumptious. Do finish with Mexican coffee to go with it, though the hot chocolate is marvellous as well.This restaurant is a lot of fun! It is actually really nice inside and the service is great. If you bring your own tequila, you can get a pitcher of margaritas for $8 (free if you check in on yelp)! The margarita pitcher was really big and enough for four people to have two-three large glasses. Aside from the margarita pitcher, my table opted to share two order of guac between the four of us. Chips were unlimited and came with salsa verde as well. The chips are very filling so be sure to save room for whatever you plan on ordering. The guac portions were also pretty large, so in the future I do think one order would be fine for four people.
I then ordered the seitan tacos, which were excellent. For 7.50, I got three large tacos. They offer both flour and corn tortillas so be sure to specify which you prefer. Their seitan was delicious...tender and with lots of cilantro! I had had seitan once before and did not like it much, but Las Cazuelas changed my mind! Although this restaurant is a little out of the way for me, it is worth it for the inexpensive prices and delicious food!The food is amazing!! They catered a weekend celebration for 30+ people.  There was plenty to eat and it was absolutely delicious! Thank you!! I will certainly be back.Best Mole sauce ever. The waitstaff is so friendly and attentive, and very knowledgable about all of the food. Blue corn tortillas are not to be missed! Great find!Mexican food makes me crazy forgetful. One mention of Jarritos obliterates any prior ban I may have had on artificial colors and flavors and I find myself saying piña without hesitation. Tres leches cake makes me forget I'm lactose intolerant. Bring on three milks! I can take 'em. A good mole makes me forget my own name. Las Cazuelas delivers on all counts. Also, server is adorable. What makes girls with beauty marks so foxy?So we've been here many times and have loved the waitstaff. The food was amazing but not this visit. The menu changed, new waitstaff, and a horrible experience. $17 for chicken fajitas (3 tiny tortillas, half breast of chicken at most, and lukewarm peppers and onions with a side of cold rice and.black beans -- definitely no sizzle). No sour cream, no salsa, no offer until I asked. We complained twice and our waitress just shrugged her shoulders. When we paid cash, she sheepishly apologized for being short .26 in change which was actually about a dollar when we counted out change for $100. Seriously? You're a business without change? How far you've fallen in service and quality!I was looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant around Temple, and my oh my did Las Cazuelas deliver with fantastic food, awesome service, AND BYOB. Bring along a bottle of tequila (there's a wine & spirits 2-3 blocks east on Girard), and let them concoct $7 pitchers of margarita magic. Definitely coming back when I'm around!
Oh, and shout out to the cute waitresses too!Ok so i waited almost til my living social expired, boy am I glad I went.  I had the Camaron Taco YUMMY! Taquitos Poblanoes was amazing, they were tender and the toppings made it delicious. Last was the Los Dos Ceviches which was one each shrimp and talapia ceviche. This was just ok as ceviches go but it's hard to upstage the blue crab ceviche at El Ray.  Overall I was very happy and I will return with my family.I got the 
Corn on the cob-  A+mazing
The house salad- the dress and mix of veggies was delicious and fresh
And the pork and pineapple tacos which were fantastic... Overall a great experience I will be back.We hosted our small business's holiday party here for 30 ppl.  It was such a wonderful event, thanks to the owner and rest of Las Cazuelas staff.  The food was truly delicious.  There was something for every palate in our 3 course family style meal.  The servers were attentive without being smothering.  The pricing was very fair.  And definitely order the tres leches cake.  It was so good, I practically licked my plate.I have been here twice and ordered the same thing.  The pullled pork is just incredible.  Reasonably priced and just a few doors away from The Fire.  Good music and good food!Excellent food and amazing service. The staff was friendly and the waitress was very attentive. I had the mole poblano and it was just fantastic. The rice was tasty and moist. 
There was a nice ambiance and the seating was comfortable. There aren't enough nice things I can say about Las Cazuelas. A true gem in Philly.So disappointing!  Service was good but the food is very far from authentic. It doesn't matter what meals cost but they should be good.  The Horchata was the canned kind and not at all what real Mexican Horchata is.  Where was the cinnamon??  The cochinita pibil had way too much seasoning to truly appreciate the achiote.  The sopa azteca had so much heat, maybe to detract from the fact that it is Campbell's condensed tomato soup with strips of tortilla and a couple pieces of cheese.  It's embarrassing to sell something off as real Mexican when it's really not.  More over its sad that the staff in the kitchen looked like they should know what they are doing.just OK, nothing too memorable, may have been a bit too authentic for my palette. The salsa was tasty, though.Excellent, plentiful food and bring your own tequila make this spot a must.  Staff is wonderful and the decor is a nice touch.  The sampler appetizer is tasty and authentic and made remember my visits to Mexico!My favorite taco spot closed on rigid ave but this place was jus as good i jus had to add and additional meat to my dish that i would normally get at my old mexican place!! But it was soooooooo goodEverything was delicious starting from appetizers all the way to dessert! Super authentic, friendly staff, and a cozy quaint atmosphere. Highly recommend!Lonely hungry traveler looking for a decent meal. Turned out to be more than decent. Chips are not spectacular but the green salsa is yummy. 'pack and take home' good. Adobo sauce pork and tacos were different in a nice way. Not your 'enjoy my evening' dinner place cause the ambience does not support that, but pretty steady food. Would highly recommend for lunch and casual get togethers.Enchiladas and empanadas to die for!
Good chips/dip!
'nuff said.
The sauces here are very strong so if you good at shoveling carbs and meat down your throat but wary of foreign flavors overwhelming the flavors you are more used to, I'd ask for sauce on the side so you can elect for the portion you desire. 
The price/portion ratio was fairly decent.
The waitress was adorably foreign and friendly.
The parking situation was quite easy.
Do it!Really tasty and authentic Mexican food for the area. Being from California, I am used to plenty of flavor which I feel is a challenge to find in certain ethnicities of food out east. 
Although the food is tasty, the employees are really helpful, knowledgable and friendly; the food is a little pricey for being Mexican food. Given that I have made plenty of it in my lifetime, I could vouch to say that the ingredients for Mexican food are low cost (and I buy organic). 
But none the less, it is a nice place and would definitely recommend a visit to Las Cazuelas and will most likely be back a few times myself.Take out was a great experience. I didn't realize how much food we were getting until I had to lug two giant bags back to the car. The food was very good, but I can only imagine it being better in store. And it's byot - so you kinda have to go. 
I will go for the sit down version and update this post free margarita pitcher (check in and get a pitcher free).Terrible service!  We had a reservation at 8:45 and couldn't get seated until around 9:10.  Once there, we waited 45 minutes for chips and guacamole to come - it never did.  We ended just getting up and leaving.  Avoid this place!Had a delightful meal here last week! This cute spot was not at all on my radar, but we had a very tasty dinner and enjoyed our meal.
We shared the Flautas to start, which was a nice way to start the meal, and to accompany our chips & salsa. The chips could have been saltier (but then again, I enjoy salt) -  but the homemade salsas were terrific - bright and spicy mmmhmmm.
I ordered the Cancun tacos (tilapia) - which were exactly what I was craving. The grilled fish was tender and the accompanying chipotle mayo made for perfect bites. It is 3 tacos per order, which was the perfect amount.
My boyfriend went for the Cochinita Pibil - which was a generous platter filled with rice, beans, braised pork shoulder, plantains, etc. I snuck a few bites and wow - a ton of flavor. The meat was incredibly tender.
Service was attentive and all-around friendly. 
I need to come back, for sure!It seems that this place runs a ton of groupon deals. The pricing without a coupon is pretty ridiculous. The food was good and the service was friendly. I wouldn't go here again without a groupon.I'd like to start by saying it wasn't bad, it just wasn't good.  Certainly not good enough to make it worth my while to go there instead of Cantina a few blocks away.  And most definitely not worth the price, even with a half off deal.  The positives were really difficult to focus on because there was no AC or fans or anything.  Just stagnant, hot air.  Its a shame because it was a lovely, breezy summer night outside.  I guess they're trying to cut costs?  We thought about dessert but I couldn't take the heat anymore.
The server was great, but we were his only table so that's to be expected.  The overall vibe wasn't that of a fun mexican restaurant.  It was eerily quiet and empty and sad.  It didn't feel like a fun dining experience.  It felt like I spent way too much money to eat as quickly as possible and leave.
The nachos were very good.  Nice balance in flavors, but too much topping for too little chips.  Still I'd give the nachos alone 4 stars.  The mole enchiladas were a 2 star dish.  Bland and heavy.  When I spend $20 on 3 enchiladas I expect a certain level of culinary skill, not heavy, dense home cooking.
Overall I went back and forth between 2 and 3 stars.  I settled on 3 stars because the service was good, the food wasn't terrible and I really, really want to like new places in the neighborhood.The food here is super tasty and they're vegetarian friendly.  Prices were reasonable and it's BYOT or B if you don't drink tequila drinks, which is not an issue for me because man oh man do I!  Beware-- the traditional margarita mix is pretty sweet and made with orange juice since it doesn't have triple sec in it.  
We ate here on a Friday night, sans reservations and were seated pretty much immediately.  The ambience was lovely and the bathrooms clean.  I'll definitely eat here again and try the non-traditional margarita mix next time.This was my first time using Yelp Deals, and what a treat! My partner and I happened to be in the area and Las Cazuelas popped up as a pretty safe bet, along with a $10 for $20 offer, and even a free pitcher of Margarita mix with check-in. Unfortunately since this was on a whim we didn't have anything to go in it, and we were getting such a good deal already that we didn't even try to ask for a substitute.
We each ended up ordering a torta and swapping halves, so I got to try the wonderful Milanesa (breaded steak) as well as the Yuccateca (pulled pork). For dessert, we shared a very generous portion of Vanilla Tres Leches that was just perfect, and I would probably come back just for that.
All up, we ended up paying an additional $10 to cover the little bit we went over plus tax and tip, so really $20 for a delicious, filling meal for two in a cute little spot with excellent service.At the tip top of NoLibs, this Mexican joint has some solid fair for veg/vegan types. I got the enchiladas with seitan and enjoyed the hell out of them!
Also the chips and guac were quite tasty and artfully presented.
They don't serve booze but you can bring your own. Fun fact, if you check in here you will get their margarita mix for free. So check in and bring some tequila. Drink for (mostly) free!I fein for this place. I used to live in the area and as someone who travels and takes her Mexican food very seriously, this place is hands down must try if you're in the area. I have nothing but good experiences here. Try the seafood enchilada for dinner followed by fried icecream. It will change your life!!love the mexican food - especially the antojitos rancheros.  the ceviche is always super fresh and the other mains - particularly cochinita pibil has great flavor.  i highly recommend the daily specials - especially if you like fish.
only problem is that since it is a byo - well it can get SUPER loud and the restaurant staff will do absolutely nothing to keep people down.  however, if you go on an off night or are part of the party - its a great time.If you like authentic Mexican food and cozy places rather than big chain types then you can't go wrong with this place. It's BYOB but they will mix up your margarita for you. The service is great and there are a few tables for outdoor seating on nice days.This was a great find. My friends and I are on endless hunt for mexican and have found the seemingly hole in a wall places to have the most high quality food for this genre (Im serious about the endless hunt, we're guilty of burritos for breakfast). 
This place had some pretty creative dishes and had such authentic fresh ingredients. We had a pistachio mole sauce on some fish enchiladas, which was our selling factor for going in the first place. Who else has pistachio mole sauce?! The chips were made there and had the perfect texture. Both dishes we got had their wow factors and extras we weren't expecting. The enchiladas came with rice and some tasty veggies and the nachos came with meat and guac on it that we didn't expect. 
Rule of thumb: If your mexican places includes oaxaca and chihuahua cheese, they're awesome and probably know what they're doing.Horrible service. Called to make a reservation and was told they don't take reservations and that it was just walk ins. Arrived and was TURNED AWAY because we didn't have a reservation?? I have never had someone be more rude as a hostess. So unprofessional and will not return.My girlfriends and I came here for our Girls' Night Out and I love how accommodating they were. They didn't mind waiting for all of us to get there. We told them straight up that we had a Groupon and they did not treat us any worse for it. We even lingered a bit after the meal and they just refilled our water and let us carried on with our conversation. 
There was free chips and salsa, which I really like. What is up with people charging for chips at a Mexican restaurant? That's like charging for bread at an Italian restaurant! My arroz con pollo ($16) was exactly what I wanted. Stuffed with olives, chicken, and avocado with a side of black beans, it was more than enough for my dinner and my lunch the next day. One of my friend ordered the Chicken Mole Enchilada and wasn't too pleased with it, however I think it 's more of a personal preference since the bite I had was really good. Another one didn't care for the cheese on her Crabmeat and Shrimp Enchilada- again, I think that's a personal preference. My other friends were quite pleased with their choices.
My banana crepes ($6) were pretty good, though I didn't see any walnuts like the menu suggested and I think they used plantains instead of bananas. However, the ultimate dessert has to be the Abuleita Hot Chocolate ($3). Since we sat right in front of the kitchen, we were able to see the chef whisked everything together and it was just the perfect thing to end the meal. The waitress even stopped by to apologized for the delay in our hot chocolate since it had to be freshly mixed.
After our coupon, I think we each paid $17, not including tips. Not too bad.I've been to this restaurant several times and have never been disappointed.  I'm particularly fond of the cactus salad and LOVE their black beans.
Service has always been top-notch and, though, the location is not on the most attractive block, the interior is very, very charming.  We were always offered chips (not greasy) and dip and the servers are extremely accomodating with BYOB.
Though I rarely eat desert, the banana crepe is to kill for.Ate there about 2 weeks ago. Very good food and excellent presentation. Wait staff is very knowledgeable so ask questions and also try sampling the sauces they serve as well. The place is BYOB but if you bring tequila the restaurant will make margaritas for you at no charge. Overall good time and very much recommended. Try Groupon for coupons as the restaurant has been providing them lately that if you spend $15 you get $30 dollars worth of food. Not a bad deal.I've been here literally dozens of times. It's always fabulous. As a vegetarian, I really appreciate that I can actually eat their tortilla soup- it's amazing. I have never not gotten it. Everything I have tried, I've loved. Also the staff is phenomenal. I often come with my persnickety grandparents who are the single most difficult patrons I've ever seen. The staff is always super nice and patient, and willing to make something off the menu for them. I can't say enough nice things about this place. Also, it's perfect for a larger since it's BYO. Love this place.I went back and forth trying to decide whether my experience at Las Cazuelas warranted 2 or 3 stars.  On one hand their food was delicious - seriously amazing guacamole, insane appetizer platter, on point chimichurri asada.  But their service (and this is coming from somebody who NEVER complains about service and always tips more than she should) was TERRIBLE.
You know something is wrong if you've finished the first round of appetizers and you still have yet to get either silverware or sharing plates.  Also those margaritas you asked for never came, until you finally managed to flag down your waitress (after multiple attempts) and practically begged her.  Trying to figure out how the heck you were going to eat the next plate of food without a fork or knife or ANYTHING, you asked the guy who came to clear your plates if you could please get some sort of utensils and maybe plates if that wasn't too much to ask, napkins would be marvelous.  Miraculously after 10-15 minutes of staring at the appetizer sampler your prayers were answered!  But still no napkins.  Your water glass was never refilled throughout the duration of the meal, and it took you 10 minutes to find the waitress to ask for the check, a good 15 minutes for her to bring you the check, 15 more minutes until you could wave her down so she could take your credit card, and 10 minutes until she came back with the receipt.
It really wasn't the waitress's fault either - she was really nice, and it was apparently her first week on the job and she was covering the restaurant BY HERSELF on a Sunday night.  She was clearly trying her best to deal with the crappy situation the management had put her in.  Nobody can cover a whole restaurant (even one as small as Las Cazuelas) by themselves when it's a full house!
All in all I'm probably going to give them another try - like I said, their food was great!  They just have some very obvious service issues to work out.  Scheduling multiple servers would probably be a good start.
I just hope next time we at least get some napkins...Had a lunch date here with my co-worker. Took advantage of the yelp deal $10 for $20 worth of food. The place is a bit small but very clean and I love the decor inside. It definitely give me that mexican feel. We each got 4 tacos and the bill came out to $22. They start us off with chips and salsa it was very flavorful. I got the pulled pork taco, skirt steak taco, shrimp taco and grilled chicken taco. I enjoyed all or them except the shrimp which was lack of flavor. They can definitely use some extra seasoning. I would definitely be back for more tacos when I'm in the mood for some Mexican food.Las Cazuelas is a great place to go with friends. Their food is delicious and affordable, and their BYOT makes it even better. Four of us split an appetizer, 3 entrees, a dessert, and pitcher of margaritas and each spent only $20 plus tip. Make sure you get the tres leches for dessert!My friend and I were very satisfied with my birthday dinner. My tilapia was very good, veggies were a little bland but still pretty good.Very good food - even better service!
This tiny restaurant is serving up some excellent food! We also found them via Groupon and are so glad we did! Loved the nachos, my tacos were awesome, and my husband had the Abuelitas Ninfas Pollo and he says it is THE BEST Mexican dish he's had in years.
Our waitress was so sweet and another waitress checked on us now and then as well. 
We will be back! Soon!One word: Empanadas!  
Wow, I ordered the chicken empanadas to go, and when I got home and ate these little beautifies, I was amazed at the flavor, and how the sauce was such a perfect compliment to the taste of empanada.  The crust was perfectly cooked, a golden brown crunchy exterior with a delightful mix of meat, 
The service was great, the dish was prepared fast and they gave me all the fixings I needed to take this home and get started eating right away.  
Quality of Food: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars
Facility: 5 stars
II have been to Las Cazuelas twice now and with my most recent experience I can say I will not be returning.  The food is only the secondary issue here.  I agree with a few other reviewers here who say the food isn't bad but it certainly isn't good either.  This is the only mexican place I have ever been where they charge $1 per very small cup of hot sauce!  Granted the hot sauce was very good (really the only stand out part of the meal) but $1 for a cup the size of thimble!? Food aside, the real issue I had here is the service and atmosphere.  First we were placed in a secondary room that was completely empty because the first room was ALMOST completely full (there were still some seats left and we were a party of 2).  We said this was fine because they said it would be a nice quiet room.  It is not.  It is basically the hang-out for the wait staff.  Then about 20 minutes in they seat a party in the room that obviously had reserved the room for a private event!  It was incredibly loud and the private party was as annoyed as we were by having the shared space.  Then our waitress spilled my meal on my lap and blamed it on my bag that was under the table (where else am I supposed to put it when the tables are about 7-8 inches from each other?), took our chips without asking but left our guacamole(??) and took our bottle opener because, although this place is BYO we were told they only keep 2 bottle openers in the whole restaurant!  Overall service was just appalling and even if the food had been stellar it would be hard to recommend this place for anything other than the occasional take out.Nice, relatively light Mexican fare.  easy for vegetarians.  One of our dishes (the excellent eggplant) was innovative, the rest were old stand-bys, well executed. If this were in California I'd give it 3 stars, But here in Philly, with excellent home-made green salsa, etc, I'm giving it 4 ... a bit overpriced, but fun vibe and great service.Amazing! I had an event here and the guests raved about the food a week later. The owner is attentive and works w/you! I would definitely recommend and come back!!Perfectly decent Mexican food. I enjoyed my shrimp taquitos but I wouldn't rave about them, and I couldn't believe the teeny portion of guacamole for $9!
Four stars because they have outdoor seating that is dog friendly and were super kind in bringing our pup a bowl of water!This is *amazing* Mexican food for Philadelphia. Thoughtfully prepared, great flavor - beats Distrito in University City on price, but not ambiance. Distrito is bankrolled like whoa, and this place has more of a traditional American Mexican restaurant look. I've been about 4x, and have yet to be disappointed. Last time I was here, you had to bring your own tequila, which is of Drama in the state of PA, because their LL was still en route.  
Again, let it be said that if you are from a Mexican food locale, you might not be wowed, but if you are just looking for a great meal at a good price or haven't had non-chain Mexican food many times - I think this place can't be beat. 
You can take the trolley down Girard to get there.This food is the worst I have ever had. Chipotle and 7/11 offer a better bang for your buck.I don't know if this restaurant changed ownership or what ... but, some things have changed.  The food does not taste as authentic as it once did and seems to be pre-made and rushed to the table.  NOTE:  Do not order your appetizer and meal at the same time.  They will come out back to back.  Finish your appetizer, then order your meal.
The wait staff has changed, as well.  Though, friendly enough, I think the one girl was totally new and had never waited tables before.  The other girl just runs around the restaurant like she's in a race - not a very relaxing setting.
The place is cute and conveniently located.  I hope that they can go back to the way they "used to be" when it was great.  They have definitely down-scaled in food and service.
The food was just OK.Mediocre food. 
35 minutes for our food to arrive at a semi busy time. 
Merits a 3 or 4, but we were asked to east idly hurry it up while sitting at the bar area upstairs finishing our food and drinks to accommodate a table that had a reservation but not enough chairs. 
Tried chatting with management but they were not around. Kinda a shitty experience to an otherwise enjoyable cinco de mayo. 
Shan't be returning.This Place Sucked! Old chips that had dried up salsa on them to start. They said I would get well done steak....it was burnt to a crisp. The red salsa was literally tomato sauce with garlic sprinkled on. Lastly, very very very slow service. If I wasn't an upstanding citizen I wouldn't have even paid. Don't come unless you don't love yourself.Love this place!  Had a few really nice meals there, and decided to check it out for my sister's bridal shower.  They put together an awesome buffet for a good price.  We used the upstairs room, which was very comfortable and fun.  I hesitate to add this, but we did see a bug - just one - and I doubt any city restaurant is exempt from critters, but seeing it was not fun.  That is the only reason I take it down from five stars to four.  Others may choose not to go because of this, but in defense of the place, it was nowhere near the food, and the owner was extremely apologetic.  I can't say it was an appetizing experience, but I have a realistic approach, and expect that even in the cleanest of places, these things happen.  
The chocolate sauce that is on a few of the items is not my thing, but others in my party loved it.  I think it's more a matter of taste, but I wish I knew ahead of time that it would be so, um, chocolatey.  
I really like supporting local businesses, and this is one I will return to.  
Amazing guacamole!
BYO is great, especially since they will make the margaritas for you.  
Great place!I've been becoming better acquainted with Latin culture and food checking out this spot and that spot. This isn't a bad spot. Not bad at all. It does seem out of place given the area, but I suppose things will get better. I didn't really get anything special, I just really had a taste for some chorizo tacos. I think there was a better way to go about finding some, but I can't really complain about this place.
The tacos were good and I was satisfied with the chips and dip. I also had a Sidral Mundet... apple soda (I'm kicking myself for buying this... and overall for not getting the Yelp special). It tastes good and I like it, but not for $2.50 I should've asked the price. I tried my first tres leches cake and that was good also, but I still felt it was over priced. As far as I know, it is what it was supposed to be (presentation and all), but I was expecting more both in portion and quality. I'll have to see what other places are offering to really understand. Remember, this was my first try.
The service was cool. There weren't many people in there at the time, but there were enough that the 2 servers and manager (I suppose) kept busy. The ambiance is nice with candlelight and wine glasses awaiting (BYOB). Heh. I just wanted some good food, but Las Cazuelas will do for a potential date spot. I will be back... Yelp deal in tow!My wife & I have very high standards when it comes to Mexican food. I'm from San Diego originally, and she is from Central California, and her dad's family is Mexican. That being said, Las Cazuelas is definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants we have found on the East Coast in terms of authentic flavors. We've been there twice now from brunch, and last night was the first time we went for dinner.
Dinner was amazing - I got the Mole Poblano, which is probably the best Mole that I have ever had. My wife said it tasted exactly like the Mole that she used to have when she was staying with a family in Ensanada, Mexico. She had a chicken in a special Guajillo chile sauce that was incredibly rich but super delicious.
Brunch both times we have gone blew our socks off. Also, don't miss out on the coffee! Their cafe au lait is superb, and the cafe de olla reminds me exactly of the coffee at a little Mexican place in San Diego that I went when I was young. 
So why only 4 stars? The entree prices for dinner are a little steep. If you go, definitely use a Yelp deal, living social, etc. Brunch prices are right on the money (and portions are huge!), lunch prices seem right, it's just dinner that's a little steep. Granted, the portions are extremely generous (my wife had a full dinner and two lunch portions left to take to work this week), but instead of $16-20, I would expect to see more like $10-16 for dinner prices at a location like this. 
We'll definitely be returning for brunch very soon!Cute little eatery on Girard. It is BYO, so don't forget your wine or tequila! If you bring tequila they will make margaritas for you! Who doesn't want that? The food was great for the price and the staff was nice. I ordered appetizers for dinner and they were a good sized portion.The kitchen is literally a stones throw from the tables, so I was a little baffled when my quesdillas were lukewarm. Still good, but I prefer my food hot.  It is a very small space. I went on a Tuesday and there were not many people there, so we had no problems with seating, but I cannot imagine what they do on busy nights! We came for the Groupon, but we will definitely be back.I've been on a quest to find awesome and authentic Mexican food since moving from Southern California, you would think it would be easy to find a handful of favorite Mexican restaurants, alas, my search continues.
Located in a not so affluent area of Philadelphia, this BYOB corner restaurant is small in size, with an open kitchen located between the two downstairs dining areas, we happened to be seated near the kitchen and the basement door, which was utilized quite frequently to bring food items up to be prepared.
As we sat and pondered the menu, we were greeted by our sweet server Hannah and presented with in house made tortilla chips and a  tomatillo salsa verde which had a nice kick to it.  Sometimes I wish that hubby would open a Yelp account as he was thrilled with Las Cazuelas. 
Michael had a huge plate of three large enchiladas, substituting ground beef for the chicken and asking for the mole sauce to be on the side. The mole sauce was amazing, I'm not surprised that it has won awards and I dipped my everything in it! His meal came with a nice sized portion of black refried beans and "Mexican rice", nothing like a Spanish rice, very plain, no onions or peppers, yellow rice.
I could not get past the list of appetizers, so I ordered three as my meal, oh shush...  Queso fundido, which means melted cheese, not, it was one big blob of cheese, nothing dippy or stringy about it, hardened within seconds and it would have taken a knife and fork to cut it and it was not blended with the extra additions of chorizo and mushrooms, but was swimming in a spicy and extremely greasy sauce and served with three tortillas, to do what with, ugh, I have no clue. I packed this up to take home and try to melt, which it refused to do and I kept thinking, imagine what that would do to my arteries, so I chucked it. I guess I could have pretended it was string cheese and sliced it and ate it cold in its hardened form.
The guacamole ranchero was good, nothing special, I've had much better guacamole and chips, but it was satisfying, although a very small portion. The shrimp ceviche was very enjoyable, again, a small portion for the price. I also had a side dish of refried beans, that I asked to be topped with lots of raw onion and cheese and I really did like this dish.
I checked out their brunch menu which is very enticing and I would love to return with gung ho hubby to indulge in this.I was unfortunately disappointed on my last visit to Las Cazuelas.  With all of our friends heading to Mexico this week, I had a craving for some margaritas and spicy food.  I finally decided to order something other than my usual and I am still regretting it 5 days later  Unlike previous visits when I had always had the vegetarian enchiladas, I decided to try the Chile Rellano. It was definitely a mistake. The overall flavors in the dish were really lacking, which I am assuming was the sauce. Unlike the enchiladas green sauce, the rellano come with a tomato based red sauce. I found it to be bland, even after I added salt and pepper to it. The highlight of the dish was the melted, stringy Oaxaca cheese.  The bf also ordered something different than his norm, and while he enjoyed his arroz con pollo more than I enjoyed my meal he will not be ordering it again either. 
I still really like the vibe and location of this restaurant so we will give them another shot.  I will probably revert to ordering the enchiladas again for fear of disappointment.Las Cazuelas is such a great place to have authentic Mexican food! Everything is fresh and delicious, and the staff is very friendly.I bought a Groupon a few months ago.  It was only $10 for $30 (I had a coupon for Groupon).  I figured what the hell.  If it is not good, I will not be too upset.  Boy was I pleasnly surprised!
A co-worker and I went there for lunch one day, my treat because I was filthy rich with a $30 Groupon that day.  We found a parking spot right away and were also seated right away.  So far, so good!
Once we saw that we could mix and match tacos, we went bananas or should I say plantains?  I had one of this, and one of that.  It was like going to a taco-buffet, but with quality food.
We also got the guac appetizer, which was creamier than other guacs I had ever had, but very delicious.  
Their prices and quality are unbelivable and I have been back a few times since.  Actually, I think I may be going back one day this week and so should you!What can I say about Las Caz? The food, employees, and clientele all combine to make the ideal environment for an excellent time!
Went with a group of 6 last night and were seated almost immediately upon arrival.  Mike (our waiter) and Michelle (also waiting that night) were absolutely great! The recommendation for enchiladas con cangrejo y camarones (crab and shrimp enchiladas) ended up being a big crowd pleaser. The only hesitation I had was that it was lacking some heat and the chip salsa didn't have quite enough in it to compensate when added to the enchiladas. I do, however, have a high tolerance for spicy foods.
Onto the service-Mike, Michelle, Jorge, and the whole crew made us feel incredibly welcome and were happy to have a good time with everyone while still providing excellent service. 
We will absolutely be returning to Las Caz-next Thursday in fact!I've come here multiple times on their awesome groupon deal. Space is small but welcoming, nice ambiance. Casual but still classy. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Food is great and filling for the price, plus the premixes plus byob tequila/rum is a gamechanger. Can't say enough good things.