Very very poor service..made reservations and upon arrival was told they can not seat us until everyone from our party was there (they were stuck in traffic)..so we sat at the very tiny bar that's at the door and the bartender looked to be inexperienced..sat there for 10 minutes and never looked at us..I asked for a drink and he told me to hold on that he's busy cutting limes..finally got our seats and waited for 32 minutes for our waitress to acknowledge us..and that was after I had asked if we had a waitress..they have 10 tables tops in the restaurant and the service was just horrible..finally after 2 hours we left..maybe this place is ok during the day during the week,  but not on the weekendYES!  This authentic mexican restaurant sprouted up in our neighborhood all but two months ago...and I'm elated!  I'm always craving good mexican food in Philly and we happily surprised to find and enjoy this place.  A Los Catrines Tequila's spin-off, this seems to have a more low-key "taqueria" take on Mexican food.
Las Bugambilias is located right next to South Street Diner and offers a warm, intimate setting.  The seating is somewhat crowded, but it actually had a good effect: our neighboring party gave us recommendations for the special appetizer of mushroom and cheeses quesadillas and the skirt steak entree.  It's certainly close quarters, but I'm glad they have so many tables packed in there, as we were seated immediately on a Friday night!  
The ambiance allows for a friendly encounter among all.  The staff are very attentive and know the menu well.  I had the three chicken enchiladas con mole, which was hearty and filling.  The complimentary chips and two salsas are authentic and delicious.  I definitely will return to try some of their specialty cocktail drinks, chocolate tres leches cake, and the tortilla soup.  The menu has a selection of seafood, pork, beef and chicken dishes and offers detailed explanations of each entree.  Definitely get the guacamole!
As far as service goes: I happened to forget a personal belonging behind after leaving and the bartender caught up with me 2 blocks away to return it to me on a cold winter night without his coat!  I'm very impressed!  Las Bugambilias did not disappoint.  I intend to return again and again.
Hours: Tues-Thurs, Sun 4pm-10pm , Fri-Sat 4pm-11pmGreat food, but everything else was mediocre. 
We decided to come here for our anniversary, hoping that it would be a nice restaurant with excellent food. I made reservations three weeks ago, but we had to wait 15 min. for a table when we arrived. They sat us at the bar, but didn't offer us a drink for 10 minutes. Eventually, we were seated at a very small table. We literally had to climb over other clients to get there. It's a very, very cramped restaurant. Luckily, the acoustics are good, so it isn't overwhelmingly loud, even though it's a lot of people in a small room.
SERVICE: Like I said, we had to wait for our table, even with a reservation. I had even confirmed this reservation earlier in the day. Additionally, we weren't offered drinks for a long time. I think our waitress forgot about us a few times, because we didn't get refills on our drinks until we asked for them.
FOOD: I am a vegetarian, and there were plenty of options for me. I chose the Vegetarian Enchiladas. They were the best I've ever had. There was an amazing poblano cream sauce and the black beans were amazing. The chips & salsa were good (but small), but the salsa was extremely spicy. I love spicy food, but the salsa rojo was too-hot-to-handle for me. 
DRINK: I am a huge margarita fan and I thought this was decent, but not great. 6/10
PRICE: I thought that the food was decently priced for being such high quality with fresh ingredients. My enchiladas were $15, for example. The margarita, however, was $9. This was too expensive for the quality of the drink I received. Additionally, we didn't order the guacamole because we heard the portion size was too small for the price ($9.5).Great food, horrible service. 
Their enchiladas and mole are great. Their seafood and meat plates are tasty. Their salsa, guac, and chips are delicious, too. 
Note though, they don't give you much chips, but if you want a refill, you will be charged. You can just see the hesitation on their face when you ask for more, and it's a huge turn-off.  And sometimes, they don't tell you there's an extra charge. Seriously, does it kill your overhead for more chips?
In general, their demeanor seems to be like, "We make good food, and people love us. Therefore, it is your loss if you don't like it here." This may be harsh, but I've felt this multiple times I was there.
I do think their food is good, but the feeling I get from the staff prevents me from going more frequently.The decor was my favorite part of this experience. Classic Mexican colors and designs filled the small docs. 
Queso Funtido starter was unique, made with shrimp and crabmeat. My chicken dish was filled with Mexican flavors and accompanied by rice, beans, and guacamole. I had the x-rated margarita, which tasted like a spiked pink lemonade. 
Service was standard and friendly. 
The prices were a bit high for the experience and location, but definitely a nice find in a city without a lot of Mexican restaurants. No problem getting a table at 930p on a Friday.This place is so cute -- It's small, quaint and I love the decor.
Service was good -- she was sweet, friendly but only somewhat helpful with helping us choose the tequila for our margarita (thus the 4 vs 5 star rating). The $9 classic margarita is described as " with the tequila of your choice". I asked for Don Julio which they didn't have -- so I asked for her suggestion which she was mumbling along.. and then asked if we wanted Patron silver, totally fine. But lack of service comes here -- she did not let us know it would be $13 a piece instead of $9 as described in the menu. This place would have gotten a lower rating on this alone, except the food was pretty phenomenal. 
They start you off with homemade chips, mild salsa (pico de gallo) and a rojo spicy salsa. Pice de gallo was simple, chopped up tomatoes, cilanto, a bit of salt and onions. The spicy one was a bit more flavorful and to my favor
We got the vegetarian tamale -- which was delicious and perfect. Highly recommended for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike
I got the Enchiladas del Mar -- smothered in a red creamy almond sauce, filled with lobster, crab and shrimp. This dish was overall a 5 star. Fresh seafood, good flavor to the sauce, a small side of rice as well as salad to help cut down the richness of the enchilada. 
My partner got the fish tacos which were done really well -- good guac , and lightly battered fish which is a must.
Great little Mexican spot on south street, tasted truly authentic. But keep in mind, this meal was $75 pre-tip so be ready for that!Came here on a visit to Philadelphia.  Neat little place in a  neat neighborhood.  Cool decor and atmosphere.  Also, it is tiny and cozy.  The food is presented well and colorful.  The tamales were great and the hot chocolate was excellent.  We also ordered a cheesy queso appetizer that was just ok for us and one more entree item that I cannot remember, but it was not memorable.  So it was 50/50 for us.  Based on one experience, probably difficult to rate, but this was our first impression.Las Bugambilias is a great place to go for quality Mexican food and a lovely homely decor.  It's decorated so nicely that I often feel like I"ve been transported away from the craziness of South Street and into Mexico.
They start you off with some tortilla chips and salsa.  It's fresh and yummy but I do wish they would give you more chips esp if you order the guacamole as an appetizer.  I also like ordering the nachos de la frontera!
I've tried a few entrees and for the most part, they have been really delicious.  The chile rellenos, enchiladas verde, & the poultry dishes are always great choices.  However, their seafood dishes that I've had have never been good -- I do not recommend ordering seafood from them!    
Overall, good service, cheerful decor, & great food - minus the seafood!I look at this place and it's just slightly below the threshold of "over the top". I'm not sure why certain venues serving ethnic foods find the need to go overboard into cliche like levels of decor. I'm glad they pushed they envelope but then had a little restraint. Regardless though, I think the Mexican decor movement has been tired for 20 years and actually brings the experience down for casual diners. Why not go modern ala their counterparts 100 miles NE (Pampano, Rosa).
Also there's a difference between "good" domestic Mexican cuisine and "authentic" Mexican cuisine. If a place like this was serving "authentic" regional Mexican then most people in the Philly area would be upset at the spice, dishes they're unaccustomed to, and that "mole" is not the "mole" they've been having. See Mexico City for authentic cuisine (or Oaxaca region).Best Mexican food I've had, everything was extremely fresh. We went when it was packed so the service was a little slow, but the waitress apologized and even gave us some delicious complimentary flan for desert. We'll definitely be back in the future.Stopped in for light lunch today with my wife.  Ordered the Mexican salad & tortilla soup for me and an enchilada plate for my wife.  All food was  excellent.  Plenty of it. 
Really bright spot in the restaurant was our server.  Shoot me for not remembering her name.  Thin, with dark hair and two sons.  Hope that helps.  Very friendly and helpful in ordering.
Don't expect common Americanized Mexican food.  
Nice atmosphere.. Small and cozy.  Also not your typical South Street touristy place.Wanted a nearby place to stop by after a class at Society Hill Dance Academy, so Yelped and came across this place.  Walked by to check the menu before class and were greeted (warmly on the edge of too much pressure) by a woman out front of Las Bugambilias.  She told us the place was authentic best around, etc. etc. etc. so we told her we'd be back, which we decided before her advances anyway but she probably felt good fro "winning us over".
Interior here is pretty cool.  I've never been in a Mexican grandparent's home before, but I imagine it's similar to this place.  A cool grandparent who has traveled the world and likes to booze.
Menu here is large.  I don't want to say too large, but it made it tough to choose something.  Guess I'll have to come back.  Had the Enfrijoladas and tried some of the Enchiladas Verdes as well.  Neither were the bee's knees, but both far above average.  Guac was similar - not the best I've ever had but very good and something I'd order again.  Service was generally solid, drinks I had were big and strong so no complaints there.
To compare it elsewhere it was better than Xochitl (and way cheaper, more selection) and probably not as good as Lolita, but the fact they have such a large menu and the space is more comfortable, cheaper leads me to thing I'd come back here before the others.  Similar to a Cantina, minus hipsters and noise.Really good Mexican with reasonable prices. The waitress was nice and welcoming. She was very helpful with recommending what to eat as well as what not to get. She allowed us to take our time with our meal. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone. 5/5 would come again.Authentic Mexican restaurant with delicious margaritas! The restaurant is quite small, but it gives it a homey feeling.Our food was horrible... Qdoba taste better than this. I enjoy Qdoba, but we all know it's not authentic.great place! The people were really nice and the decorations are beautiful! The food were huge and tasty. Will be there again.Fantastic food - have not had one thing that we have not enjoyed on our many visits.  
The service and ambience would benefit with some warmth.Fancy Mexican. 
That sums up this joint in a nutshell. 
I called ahead on a Friday night at 8pm and asked if they had a table for 2 and the woman responded with 'I can seat you if you can come over right now'. For me, 'right now' was about 30 mins later and they were still able to seat us in the back. It's a small restaurant decorated in vibrant colors and had a lively atmosphere and tables are a bit crammed. We started off with two blood orange margaritas that were well worth the $11 per glass. The guacamole, while delicious, was not worth the $10 price tag. The portion was equivalent to a scoop of ice cream at your neighborhood creamery. That was probably the only complaint I had for the evening. We ordered two entrees: The skirt steak, which resembled a sample platter because it came with a chicken enchilada in mole sauce along with rice and beans. The Shrimp with cojita cheese wrapped in bacon. That description alone was mouthwatering and the dish itself was amazing.
This place is a nice change from the usual Mexican fare. They offer more upscale options yet still offers fish tacos and chicken enchiladas.I love this place.
Food wise: I have yet to try a dish I have not found to be delectable. This includes the Enfrijoladas (chicken), Enchiladas (chicken), Mango salad, and Molcajete Pollo. 
The chips and salsa (hot & mild) are fresh, albeit, a relatively small portion. The mango salad consists of thinly sliced mangos on a bed of greens with a vinaigrette dressing. It is very good, but could use more mangos. The main dishes are full of flavor, without being overwhelming or heavy. The black bean sauce on the Enfrijoladas is scrumptious. The Molcajete can be ordered with chicken, shrimp, and/or steak and is excellent for sharing.
The house margaritas are a solid 7 out of 10. 
The atmosphere is warm and intimate. Again, not overwhelming, but just right. The service is attentive and friendly.
I have not travelled to Mexico and, therefore, cannot speak to the authenticity of the food as some commentators have. But, I have eaten at many a Mexican restaurants and the flavors here are wonderful. 
I recently ate at a more upscale Mexican restaurant in Rittenhouse and, although, the prices were twice as much the flavor was 1/2 as good. This place is a gem.Very authentic environment and food. Everything was home made and delicious ! The service was great. Definitely recommend this place ! The medallions Oaxaca was unbelievable !The food is good, however, I'm updating my first review from a couple of years ago due to the poor services I received on my most recent visit.  My husband and I stopped in to make a take out order this past Sunday.  We happened to be in the area and I was in the mood for their food and wanted to take advantage since we don't live close.  However, when we first came in the hostess told us to go to the bar and place our order with the bartender.  When we were went over to the bar, the bartender was very rude and seemed bothered by us customers-- apparently, she doesn't realize that by having customers, is how she makes money.  Even though the patrons at the bar had just left, she told us that she couldn't take our order and that we had to place it with the hostess.  The hostess returned and took our order.  I told her what I wanted twice.  She came back and asked again what I wanted a couple of minutes later and I pointed to it on the menu.  We left to take a walk because the restaurant was crowded and we didn't want to sit at the bar with the surly bartender.  We came back 20 minutes later and picked up the order.  When I got home, I was very upset to see that despite having repeated multiple times what I wanted and physically pointing it out on the menu, I still didn't get the right order. As we don't live close, we couldn't just turn around and take it back.  I emailed them to tell them about the poor service I received in hopes that they would apologize or want to make it right and encourage us to come back.  I got no response after a few days, hence my updated review.  It's said to have to update this review negatively, but the facts are the facts.Horrendous service. Absolutely horrendous. The food has also gone downhill. I used to rave about this place. After three occasions in a row with terrible service and mediocre food, I will not return.Best Mexican restaurant  in philadelphia. Love the waitstaff. Food is the best in the city. Only place to eat Mexican. Go there but make reservations. You will not be disappointed.What a great neighborhood gem near the end of South Street. You would never know from the outside how nice this place is on the inside. 
The food was delicious and was generally inspired by the regional cuisine of Veracruz. Ingredients were fresh and well-presented. 
I had a molcajete - which is a mix of meats, seafood, and vegetables in a wonderful sauce that comes in a hot stone bowl. My wife enjoyed the vast selection of vegetarian options they provided. 
Really glad we had the opportunity to come here!!Great decor, great service, delicious food. Small and intimate place. Tasty margaritas. Small things to improve include, too big portions (except the guac and chips), and bathroom could use some tlc. Would definitely go back again.My girlfriend said it should be 5 stars but I thought it was a 3 star....my meal was good but not unbelievable so we stuck with 4 stars.  The menu seemed authentic and they had a lot of options.  
We started with the Queso Chihuahua Toluca which was great.  My girlfriend had the ensalada de mango with shrimp and I had the Molcajete Pollo.  Both were good but I would probably get something else next time.  The chicken didn't seam to soak up the flavor of the sauce it was in.
I would recommend stopping by if you are in the area.Rating it a 3.5. There were two waitresses and many of the tables were full. Our waitress seemed really busy and was handling quite a bit so service was slow. She also took away our extra chips before we were done which was a big no no for us. Food was a bit on the pricer side. I ordered the pechuga jamaica and afterwards we got dessert. The pechuga jamaica had a little bit of everything and the chicken was really good. The dessert was the Pastel de Tres Leches de Chocolate. I would not recommend the dessert because it was basically a cake soaked in milk. In a way it tasted good but I think the other desserts on the menu might be a lot better. 
The waitress also did not know the menu or the food. When we asked which chicken dish she recommends or her favorite dish, she could not name one that she liked. Also we had to name 3 desserts we would like because she wasn't sure which dessert was available. So when the dessert came out we weren't sure which one it was until she said "it's the chocolate one..."
The atmosphere the restaurant was very nice though! There were a lot of decorations and the dishes themselves were beautiful. Everything looked really authentic. It's also really close to Penn's Landing/Spruce Street Harbor, which is convenient if you want to take a walk after eating.Cute, tiny little space filled with lots of flavor!
Portion sizes are completely appropriate and appetizers are almost not necessary.  The margaritas are stunning -- and make sure you have a reservation!!!!!  We did, and we walked right in at 8pm on a saturday night with our table waiting for us!!!
Loved it and would recommend it -- and would totally go back.Las bugambilias is an excellent upscale mexican restaurant.  The space is small but it works.They have above average margaritas and excellent guacamole.  Chicken quesadillas are delicious and very flavorful.
The dishes we had for dinner were some of the best mexican food I have ever had.  I ordered the medallion oaxaca, the filet was done perfectly and exploding with flavor.  My gf had the mar y tierra molcajete.  Lava rockbowl filled with jumbo shrimp, filet tips, grilled chicken all in an excellent sauce.  The sauce was very flavorful and spicy but not too spicy.  The staff was very helpful in regards to the level of spice in each dish and was happy to order each entree per our desired level of heat.
I will be coming back whenever I am craving high quality mexican food in the philly area.Absolutely fantastic! The hubby and I decided to get out tonight (after the huge snowfall :-) and treat ourselves to some upscale mexican food.
It was 630pm on a wednesday night and we were the first in the dining room. We each ordered a happy hour drink, 1 corona and 1 margarita, rocks with salt. Both were great.
Our appetizer, ceviche camarones de sinoloa was fanatstic. It was accompanied by 2 kinds of salsa and chips. Very tasty.
Then came our entrees. Carne Tampiqueña for me (done medium rare) and Cochinita Pibil for him. Both came with black beans and rice, and both were delicious.
The service was quick and attentive and our waitress Nicole was very sweet. I definitely recommend to anyone.The guacamole was extremely good. I ordered the tequila steak, but was then asked if I wanted the cheese smothered steak instead. I made the obvious choice.
The cheese covered rib-eye is extremely delicious. Try it.
Drinks were good and happy hour brough the price down.
Staff was very friendly.
They lost one star because I felt pretty cramped at my table, although in fairness, I'm kind of tall.This was a spur of the moment decision.  One of us wanted Mexican food, a quick yelp search and we were on our way. 
It was both our first times there, though we questioned why given that it received such high marks.  We had a hard time deciding but finally settled on guacamole, empanadas for appetizers.  For the entrees, I had the Chalupa Veracruz.  It was very clean and light, just enough flavor.  It didn't blow my mind though.  It seems like one of those dishes that many restaurant has, whether it's Italian or Mexican or Asian.  Your basic seafood in a tomato based broth.  But again, it was good.  My friend had the Chile Rellenos.  Now that was a little more impressionable.  Nice messy blend of flavors that all go well into the provided tortilla wraps.  For dessert, we had the Tres Leches Chocolate cake.  Although our dessert options were limited due to many being sold out (I think that's a good thing right?), this cake did not disappoint.  
The service was very friendly too.  The only thing is that I thought the prices were a smidgen high.  Just a smidgen though.Was here 4 yrs ago and had a fantastic meal. Not sure why it took us so long to get back, but finally did tonight - and it was just as good. Definitely will have to get back sooner than 4 yrs. There were 3 of us and everything was exceptional.Love this place Ive been back to this place a few times, and each time are happy we go. If you like food with a kick and favor recommend trying this resturant. Even there nachos are homemade and every appetizer we have tried on the menu.You know, honestly this place would get 4 stars if it weren't for the salsa and chips "policy" they have at this restaurant. 
Apparently, you can only get one portion of salsa and chips for free, and then everything else after that is 2 dollars for chips and 2 dollars for salsa. I'm not being a cheapskate... but seriously what restaurant charges for salsa and chips (small portions too). The salsa is pretty good, but the tortillas chips are just old tortillas from the day before... a little ridiculous in my head
And what is further confusing/angering is that it actually says in the menu that "one basket of tortilla chips is provided for each entree. So If you and your boyfriend get an entree each, does that not mean we should get at least two baskets of chips free? Apparently not. Apparently my understanding of that statement was incorrect because what that means to their restaurant is that it's one two share.
So then... what happens if you have 6 people who order 6 entrees. One basket of chips for you.
I don't get it.
Other than the food is pretty decent. The portions are big (definitely will have leftovers) and quality is good. Fresh veggies, salad, really yummy black beans come with your main entree, and the sides are just as good as the entree. it's just too bad when a restaurant will be stingy on something as minor as chips and salsa.Las Bugambilias is generally great food/drinks, great service and good prices.  We ate here when they first opened and have been coming back ever since.  If I had reviewed them previously they would have more stars however, given the last two times we have eaten here (in last two weeks) I am giving only 3.   Mainly because there is a strong odor (almost sewage but could be pest control) smell evident when you walk in the door and a definite fly problem.  Not sure what it is but it is definitely not appetizing and on our most recent visit I was tempted to leave but we had out of town guests and they had arrived before us and were already seated.   Our meals were good as they usually are.  Hopefully, they get the smell taken care of because for now, I am not inclined to return because of it.
Also, they used to have this delicious walnut cake dessert that they took off the menu and it seems like the last view visits some of the others desserts are not available.Came here for a friend's birthday and we all had an amazing time and enjoyed everything we got. The ambience and decor is awesome! Service was rather quick and it wasn't too crowded. Happy hour margs for $6? Yes please! 
We started with chips guac and salsa. The guac was very chunky and i really enjoyed it. I also loved the salsa verde. I got the enchiladas verdes and they were very enjoyable. It was a huge portion and was enough to take home. My fellow diners really enjoyed the quesadillas and enchiladas poblanas. The enchiladas come with rice and beans!9//21/2014
I don't know where my previous rave review went... but we stopped in again two nights ago and once again - it was great. We tend to stick to the enchiladas because they are simply terrific. We had the Pablano again and the Verde. Wow. Everything is way fresh, the flavors are great, and the portions will fill you up.
Special mention - the margaritas. Love 'em. Great variety, great quality. We showed up at the end of happy hour which is worth targeting. It was clear we'd have one drink and back to normal prices, so for about 38 bucks two of us ordered the pitcher. The pitcher was huge. By the end of our meal, nearly half the pitcher remained - I finished it as matter of principle and was reminded you pay twice for alcohol when things go to far.
11/16/2013
Excellent meal. We walked in without reservations on a Sat evening and we're accommodated.
Ceviche traditional was OK - a tomato based sauce for two of three offerings, I prefer lime. The nachos very, very good. The enchilada pablano was extraordinary - within the top we've had. We eat here every few years and it's always great. Our frequency must increase.
The margheritas were delicious. Pricy but large. Not to be missed.This place was authentic, but that does not mean it was good. 
The atmosphere was bright, loud and claustrophobic.  Tables were much to close, not only left to right but front to back.  Just walking through the place was an uncomfortable experience.
The drink menu was overwhelmed with Margaritas made with vodka.  That seemed an odd choice for authentic Mexican.  We each ordered one, they arrived at our table about 25 minutes later (after I asked the waitress about them).  They were not in my opinion good.
We ordered guacamole which came in a tortilla shell that was stale, the accompanying chips were also stale.  The guacamole itself was uninspired but passable. 
Dinner arrived and it followed the quality of the rest of the meal.  The meet in my dish was rubbery and tasteless, the sauce was very good, but the flavor did not translate to the rest of the dish.  the place was so cramped and the tables so small it was hard to eat.
I have been told this is a good lunch place, I think they need to learn the difference of expectations between lunch and diner.Very cute place with a bright and warm atmosphere. The restaurant is very small, so the tables are all pretty close together, but that wasn't too big of a deal for me, especially once the margaritas arrived. The food is pretty delicious. Guacamole is good, but 9$ is a little much. The veggie enchiladas were delicious. As a vegetarian I can't tell you how much I appreciate the differing meatless options. I'll definitely be back for some more delicious standard mexican fare.The first 5 times here would have gotten 5 stars. The food and drinks were fantastic. The ceviche is great, and the champagne cocktail(forgot its name) was even better. Guacamole is bland, pass on that. But the last 2 times we ate here the service was the lowest. The one server is overwhelmed and the other seems drunk. The overwhelmed one seems pissed about the other and there is palpable tension in the air. My friends guy ordered a steak rare. It came out well done as in brown to center 3 times before he finally gave up. They tried to argue with him about it and say it was not their fault. I don't know how rare equates to a brown center. It was a hassle getting it off the bill. They didn't offer anything else or anything to compensate for him leaving hungry. We called the manager the next day who did not care one bit. Get off the booze babes! You are running one of Phila best restaurants in the ground. Also, it was hot in the restaurant and the drinks were warm too. Yuck. Just give me Lolitas anyday!!! This place is another no return.I visited this place with a friend. It was a random Monday evening, so I was happy to find street parking! (I'm from Philly and lack of parking has always deterred me from going out in center city, south street, old city and the like).
Anyway, the interior décor of the place was bright, festive, and felt...homey. Service was friendly. I ordered the chicken quesadillas. I was impressed by how hearty they were and how large the portion was for the price, but alas....the chicken to cheese ratio was waaay off for my taste (waaay too much cheese) and worst of all, the chicken (which was shredded) was ridiculously salty. I forced myself to eat 2 of them then couldn't stomach them anymore.
The saving grace for my visit here was the pineapple chipotle margarita I ordered...it was huge...and DELICIOUS....and STRONG!! $11 well spent!
My friend got some pork entrée that looked amazing...portion was huge and came with chips, plantains, rice and some other deliciousness. I think the place deserves another visit and I'll probably go with an entrée the next time...to go with my margarita :-DThis teeny tiny traditional Mexican joint has a lot of character and makes a pretty great meal.  I went with a large group (14), and they handled us well.  The service was quick and friendly even though we took up half of the restaurant.
I started with the Tamales de Puerco.  I would have preferred them without the sauce on top, but these were pretty good tamales.  They were moist and flavorful.
For my meal I had the Molcajete Pollo (chicken, scallions,cactus leaves in verde sauce).  It had a nice spice to it, though it was a bit of a pain to eat (but maybe I'm just an idiot, I burned myself on the lava bowl more than once).  The hot sauce that was served with chips had good taste and heat to it, and worked well to add to meal.  
Any guacamole that you get, whether coming with your meal or ordering separately, will be very small but tasty.
The traditional margarita that I ordered wasn't bad.  Nothing that I tasted different than other margaritas.  
I'd like to go back and work my way through the menu a bit further.  This is traditional Mexican food, even though there are some Americanized dishes on the menu.I could not have been happier with my experience here. The staff were welcoming, responsive, and fun from the moment we arrived until we left. The food was beautifully presented and delicious.Really cute little place on south st. The mexican food is authentic and delicious, the Mexican natural juices were also very good and tasted just like in Mexico.This place is overall awesome. It could be 5 stars easily. However, why did I chose 4 stars? Let's see. 
The food is delicious. We ordered Pechuga Jamaica (chicken), and Delmonico Tequila (beef). The chicken was really good. This combination of the white sauce inside (it is stuffed) and the Jamaica (a bit red) sauce outside is perfect and very unique. I loved it! The beef overall was tasty, but the meat itself was not a good quality piece. More specifically, it had white parts which were either fat, or like tough sinew. I was a bit disappointed of that entree. At the end we ordered a desert crepe with cajeta, and we added a scoop of ice cream (our idea). It was just amazing! Even without the ice cream :)
The place is usually busy, especially for dinner, so I would suggest to make a reservation. 
Some of the people from the service are good and polite but some are not that smily. 
The place has a problem with small flies. The tables at the back have a lot, and we asked to change table and sit at one on the front.
The decoration was very unique! 
Because I have been to Mexico, I can tell that it was one of the most authentic places I have ever been in the States.This place has great potential and definitely has wonderful food.  Where it falls short is in regard to the ambiance and very real smallness of the place.  It is tough to be comfortable in the hard cushioned chairs and low tables, and though this may seem trivial, imagine enjoying a meal and trying to sit comfortably, while needing to move your chair in as far as it can go any time someone needs to squeeze by your table.Food is fancy schmancy mexican by gringos. 
Chip are tasty but you get about 10, maybe we would have gotten refills if the staff wasn't terribly rude, unattentive, and act like they wish we never walked in. 
Never asked if we needed anything else, droppde off water and ran. Dropped off entrees and ran. Dropped off bill and ran. 
When I walked in I could have taken the entire restaurant before anyone came out from the back. 
Ugggg terrible service will ruin any dish.Great margaritas, quaint small atmosphere, very intimate, and after 3 trips, it's now a staple - the food is authentic and delicious!Terrible experience here! We came to Philly for the day and decided to try this place. We waited 45 minutes for our appetizer, and waited an hour for our entrees and still did not get our food. We had even made reservations for this place for party of 3. Two parties, (1 party of 6 and another of 4) both were seated at least 10-15 minutes AFTER us received their food BEFORE us. I mean that's pretty ridiculous. And the food it tasted like shit. I could have made better nachos at home. Honestly, there are plenty of better Mexican restaurants in the city, don't waste your time and money on this place!!Cozy little place. Hidden gem. Authentic taste and delicious. The service is a bit slow. We had a quiet waitress but she was a good server. The tortilla soup was great. I had the three taco platter with the soup and was stuffed. We all had the guacamole and it was very fresh and delicious. Comes in a tortilla and not so many chips but we asked for more and they were more than accommodating and came out with fresh hot chips pretty much immediately.  Everyone at the table really enjoyed their food and we cannot wait to go back.This is another place that we eat at frequently, and every time we seem to have a good experience. Everything here is always very delicious, and we always seem to leave the restaurant very full and satisfied. The atmosphere is very comfortable and cozy, the staff is very nice, helpful, and diligent, and the food is always outstanding. I highly recommend the guacamole and quesadillas. Everything is very fresh and tasty. We love eating here, and recommend this place. It's so good!Food was good. Except the service was HORRIBLE. waited at the bar for a drink while we waited for a table and the "bartender" didn't even acknowledge me for at least 20 minutes. Then when he finally took my order forgot about me and made me wait even longer.  Was told a table would be 15 minute wait it wound up being longer than that and there were empty tables that weren't even taken. Wait service was horrible and no one really acknowledged you or listened to your order. It was very rushed serviceI rarely give places five stars, but I really had no reason not to with this restaurant. It's a small, cute Mexican restaurant located on South St. This restaurant is a lot nicer than most traditional restaurants than I've been to as you need to make dinner reservations because the location probably only fits 30 people. The food here was amazing and tasted very fresh. I ordered their seafood enchiladas and the taste was to die for. I also ordered the traditional ceviche and the shrimp tasted very fresh. The margaritas are huge and strong and will have you feeling nice/ tipsy after just one. The staff was also very friendly. I would definitely return when in the area and craving Mexican food.This place is really adorable. The restaurant is very small and narrow. Even for the waitress to walk in the aisle to serve the food seemed a challenge. As you can imagine its a very tight fit.
The menu had a ton of wonderful options to choose from. I was pleased to see even vegetarian options. My husband and I enjoyed our meals.I'm a recent fan of this wonderful restaurant.  I had no idea it was there (and I've been living here for years).  I do recommend going on a week night if you'd like great service.  It gets too busy on weekends (because it's so good!!!). 
The service, food, atmosphere, and location are the best!  I go at least once/week now.Delicious food, friendly service, cozy/romantic ambiance. Try the guacamole, the chicken mole, and the seafood enchiladas!You know you are in a real Mexican place when you are surrounded by real Mexican kitsch and are drinking out of those blue-rimmed glasses everyone gets from Nogales.
Our meal was Valentine's night so the menu was limited, but the dishes superb.  We split the guac, which, in agreement with Michelle C., was over-priced and under-portioned.   
In contrast, my $25 crab-stuffed grouper wrapped in soft corn pastry was fantastic.  I modified it by substituting extra salad instead of rice, and plenty of additional delish salsa without any issue.  My girlfriends got a chicken dish that was way to sweet for my taste, resiny and carmelized, but hey it worked for them.
Overall, it was a delightful experience for 4 girls dining out on Valentine's.  We could be as loud as we liked dishing gossip and clinking margaritas, because 'Ole! Estamos en Mexico.'Woow excellent mexican food! I lived in Mexico for 10yrs, so I know these are good fresh mexican dishes.. thanks for bringing  a piece of Mexico to queens village.!
excellent service and music.  
 Mil Gracias Bugambilias!Really really enjoy this place! Their guacamole, their pork tacos, the ceviche are all worthy of eating over and over again. Super small spot but worth it.A small place. The food is very good, but if there are any more than two tables being served, service slows down to a crawl because there is only one waitstaff, and she doesn't seem to manage her time very well. But if you go outside of lunch and dinner times, be prepared for a very good experience!Places like this represent why Mexican might be my favorite cuisine. This place gets it, fresh ingredients with big bold flavors. There is a ton of variety in the menu and everything is very reasonably priced for the quantity that you get. 
Friday night had a full crowd for dinner. It is pretty small inside but has a nice home style vibe. We were seated promptly for our 8:00 reservation and had great service throughout the meal. 
As previously stated, there is no skimping on their plates. For appetizers I tried to the queso with chorizo and the tamales. The queso was bubbling hot with the perfect amount of spices. The homemade tortillas made for the perfect vehicle to shove everything they offered into my mouth. The tamales were overstuffed with super tender pork. I almost ate the corn husk just to get a last taste of the marinade. My surf and turf entree (the first one listed under the beef section of the menu) was a home run. It came out in a stone vessel that kept it warm since it took a while to take down this heaping mound of deliciousness. A couple smokey shrimp, a tender piece of filet and two giant chunks of chicken breast all in a spicy sauce with onions and peppers among other goodies. It also came with more tortillas, black beans, rice, and guac with a chip in case I wasn't already at capacity. Since everything was so good we had to get dessert to go and the chocolate tres leche and a chocolate strawberry tort were both 5 star worthy. 
Over the course of the night I tried 5 of their margaritas too. On the pricey side at ~$11 but a must have compliment to their cuisine. My favorite was the Jamaican marg although I guess its a bit fruity for a guy. The chipotle pineapple is unique and as a spicy enthusiast I loved it. The blood orange and traditional reminded me of Lolita (that's a big compliment). I can't wait to go back to and try everything else considering everyone else in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their plates as much as me.Was lucky enough to look up a review, show up, and get worked in in between reservations. Fantastic customer service, authentic food, and an unexpectedly refreshing environment. Empenadas and the classic margarita were the highlights and left me curious and eager to come back for more.This is why yelp is so good. Tried finding a place to eat while staying in Philly again and others reviews helped choose a really good place. I love chili relleno's and this didn't disappoint. Very tasty! The chips for pre-meal were delicious too.Small cozy place, but big in flavor. One of my favorites mexican restaurants in the city. Actually, before visiting the restaurant, a few Mexicans recommended it to me, saying this is probably the most authentic and best mexican food I could have in Philly. They proved to be right. Friendly staff with good service. They have a small bar where you can wait to be seated (it can get busy on weekends).A beautiful, traditional Mexican restaurant with great food and an eye-catching atmosphere.  They serve you a lot of food so come hungry!  The Enfrijoles were delicious and the enchilada dishes in general were pretty popular among our group.  The guacamole as a starter was great, I would definitely recommend it!  Good place for an upscale date night, or for appetizers and a drink with friends.Great neighborhood gem! Everything on the menu is yummy and having authentic mexican local is awesome.  The fish is all fresh and the the guacamole is delicious.  There is not a plethora of seating space so certainly make a reservation in advance.  Enjoy!Probably my favorite Mexican place in the city!! My dinner and drinks were awesome. I don't know what they put on the enchiladas, but it's sinfully delicious.Very authentic, great flavor, excellent service, great atomosphere. 
Chips and salsa was great. (Warm chips with home made salsa) shrimp ceviche was  excellent. Had stuffed chicken and tilapia for main dish. These were also flavorful and delicious.I came here for a farewell party for my wife.  We ordered the Medallon Oaxaca (filet with 2 jumbo shrimp) and the enchilada verde.  We also got an order of guac with chips.  The food was very good.  The filet was cooked perfectly rare with it topped with cheese.  The jumbo shrimp were also done very well.
My wife's enchilada verde was done very well and she enjoyed it thoroughly.  I ate what she couldn't (because I am her garbage disposal) and it was very good.
The service was friendly and attentive.  If you are a bigger group, like we were, your dinners will come out at significantly different times (but that was alright with us).
Some dishes seemed reasonably priced and others seems a bit expensive - like the guac.  $9.50 for an ice cream scoop size seems expensive.  But my filet with shrimp for $23 was a great deal.  
So overall, I think this is a pretty good place to come for some really good Mexican.
BTW, if you are driving here and need to park in a garage, park in the Abbott Square parking lot.  They validate for $10 parking....This is the best Mexican spot in Philly.  The staff was unbelievably friendly, especially considering that we were there passed closing time - we swallowed our food as soon as we realized they were closing shop.
Fantastic drinks and nachos.  I love that they have the thick cut tortilla chips.  Already have my next night here on the calendar... can't wait to get back!Walked in with a friend late on a weekday, and I'm so glad that I did. 
Great service, first of all! The folks here are way friendly and non-pretentious. I appreciated that they took all of our requests into consideration and that our waitress was particularly knowledgeable about the menu. Of course, this review is mostly about the food, and it doesn't disappoint.
Having just come back from El Paso, Phoenix, etc., I've had my fill of good food. While this place is going to be pricey for what you pay in comparison, the quality is just as high. Fresh veggies and fruit, and absolutely delicious meats and beans tasting like they came straight from grandmom's kitchen. My only complaint is that I asked for my food very spicy, and it came out mild. Maybe it's just the chiles this year (they were weak down in the SW), but man, what a bummer. That and the price bring this place down a star for me, but I would argue that it's one of the better value places for Mexican in the area. You still get a ton of food, and it's absolutely to die for delicious and authentic.
I'll be back!  You've made my list:)FOOD: 4-5 Star. This review is 1-star for an atrocious customer service experience.
I call about an issue I had with my pick-up order. I call 4-5x before they pick up. On the other end is a waitressed named Thea. As soon as I tell her my issue she hangs up on me. I call 2-3 more times before she picks up again. I politely brush off the hangup and say "I think we were disconnected before." She tells me they are having issues with the phones (Probably good to tell all of your callers as soon as you speak to them in the event that they ACTUALLY get disconnected). I try to explain the issue and she puts me on hold... Except that I can still hear her talking in the background.. Annnnnd she is CURSING about, well, let's be honest, probably me....Gracefully using the word F*&# and stating something being "on her dick." YIKES.
It gets better! She hangs up on me after I am on hold for 10 minutes.. No attempt to call me back. Lucky for them I live in the neighborhood so I decide to walk over to talk to the manager. The bartender informs me there's no manager on duty, but he can have Thea talk to me (NO THANKS!). I tell him my issue. He says he'll make me another drink (That's all I wanted!!) and I can leave my name and number for the manager. But.. No drink, he sends Thea over to me, and he never takes my name. AHHHHHHH
She demonstrates (literally with glasses and water) how I was wrong about the measurement and how since she is the one who made the drink she knows she's right. I'm exhausted. 
I give up. But this review is my last attempt at any sort of making right out of the complete Twilight Zone experience I had tonight at Las Bugambilias.Amazing food.  Fresh, delicious and full of flavor.
I had the Empanadas, the Tacos Camaron, and the Tacos Pastor.  I opted to have the Empanadas vegetarian, and I didn't miss the meat one bit.  They were savory and flavorful.  Tacos Camaron were amazing.  Creamy delicious sauce and cheese with shrimp cooked to perfection.  Lastly the Tacos Pastor were probably my favorite.  Pork mixed with Pineapple with a light and refreshing sour cream and a squirt of lime made them heavenly.  I WILL be ordering from this place on a regular basis.  Can't wait to bring my friends here to have some drinks and an amazing meal!  DON'T PASS THIS UP! Rivals any of the food on or around South Street!With so many options in Philly for food, the husband and I try not to go back to places too often so we can try someplace new... however, since we discvered Las Bugambilas several months back, we've made our return two additional times.
It's a tiny place with limited seating- be prepared to sit up close and personal to the table next to you. 
The food is amazing... when you sit down, they bring out homemade chips and salsa. The chips are the perfect crispiness and size to accomodate the pico de gallo and spicy salsa. We've gone with groups and have gotten to try a variety of the appetizers and entrees. The nachos are different...in a very good way. Not your typical chips, cheese, sour cream... its thicker..heartier... kind of amazing. The chorizo queso dip is incredible- do not miss it!!
As for the entrees, I have sampled the Mole Chicken Echiladas... and the mole sauce is amazing... the perfect amount of smokyness to balance the slight amount of heat it has to it. It comes with three enchiladas with a side of rice, beans, and guacamole. Most recently I ordered the Fish Tacos... which was such a large portion. The fish was perfectly fried - still delicate inside, but crisp on the outside- and the amount of fish per taco was actually almost too much, that i felt the need to eat several pieces with my fork prior to wrapping up each taco.
As for the pitchers of Margarita, beware... they can serve a small army. We ordered 2 pitchers for our party of 6... and left the restaurant with some leftover after consuming it for over an hour. When the waitress says it could serve 6 people, she actually means it can serve 6 people...not 6 glasses worth.Was there this past Sunday, very authentic, the waitress was probably the best waitress i have ever had. Service was great! Food was excellent. Def rec.I know I just wrote a review a week ago for my previous experiences, but I just went back over the weekend.
After a failed visit to the Philly Food Tour (NOT as good as Night Market, so I would skip this), we walked over to Las Bugambilias.
Luckily for us, no wait at 8 PM Saturday night, but this may be because of the above event.
Service was fine. $1 charge for the extra chips, fine, since I knew it was coming. Their thick-cut, fried chips come with mild tomato salsa and another that is really spicy.
Friend ended up getting the pork chop, which was seasoned well, but a bit overcooked and dry. My enchiladas verde were still on point. They give you a side of their mole which is pretty good.
Their dessert coffee (can't think of the name, and their website is down) was very sweet with an orange slice on the side of the cup. I'm more of the dark, bitter, black coffee type, but if you like coffee that tastes like coffee ice cream, get this and add milk.
The TRES LECHES (de amarillo) was quite possibly the best tres leches I've ever had. Super moist, and perfectly sweet, this dish made the 1 mile walk back worth it (and necessary).Perfection! The food is the best Mexican i have ever had and nothing like chain Mexican or even worse the Mexican Post. Everything is fresh and delicious. My personal fav is the carne tampiquena. drunks are great too and they have a happy hour special with $5 margaritas. the servers are fantastic--very friendly but not overbearing. You can tell the chef came from Tequilas because its a similar style of cooking but I don't think its as pricey. You can also find parking which is always a plus. I can't say enough. I used to live down the street but I am now 20 minute drive and I drive here all the time--can't get enough.The Ceviche Mixto is delicious. It's a popping amalgamation of some cooked fish - shrimp and things - and some raw fish, along with chunks of mango, tomato, onion, and herbs that just makes your mouth smile. The Mixto donates a variety of flavors and textures to your longing tastebuds: there's sweet, sour, umami, creamy, chunky, smooth, and crunchy. Give this dish a shot: you'll be super pleased. Use it as a dip for your slightly plump, perfectly golden, delightfully crunch chips and you'll be even happier.
Everything else is good. The Spicy Shrimp dish served over a bed of herbs and non-Romaine greens was tasty. The sides of beans were black, creamy, and topped with the essential Mexican cheese.I was stoked to try this out last Friday night after reading the expert witness of numerous California-transplants testifying to the greatness of Las Bugambillas. Being a recent West Coast transplant myself, I put some stock into this testimony but came up a bit disappointed in Las Bugambillas. The setting and the vibe were right, as were the chips and the drink specials. But our entrees missed the mark. We ordered adventurously, though, and I would give Bugambillas another try as the large menu had a lot to offer from staples to more exotic fare.
Pros
-Setting - the place has a cute, homegrown decor that appears lived and thought out by someone with some real experience with Mexico - a much more authentic vibe than Philly's leading brand Mexican places where favor style over substance (read El Vez, Lolita). 
-Chips - awesome, hot and salty and not too abundant. It's easy to overload on chips, but Bugambilla's modest baskets offer a responsibly-sized sample. 
-Bebidas - happy hour til 7pm features good and fuerte $5 margaritas and $3 mexican beers including my favorites Bohemia, Negro Model and Pacifico. 
-Menu - vast and explorable ranging from everyday favorites like 'cheese enchiladas' to stuff you've never even heard of - pescado tikin xil.  
Cons
Underwhelming Comida - things started off right with the fresh and tasty ceviche mixto but went a bit downhill after that. Ensalada Oaxaca sounded amazing, but was covered in too much, too-strong salad dressing tasting of molasses and tamarind - the ripe tomatoes and avocado in the greens were helpless against fire power of that magnitude. Entrees were the adequate but uninspired cochinita pebil - yucatan-style braised pork shoulder and a frankly bad camarones endiablados - which was shrimp in a sea of tomato sauce and cheese - almost like Italian shrimp parmesan.I went to Las Bugambilias not because I had ever heard of it, but because I was in the area with some visitors and we really wanted some tacos. So I searched for tacos near me on Yelp and this was one of the options that it showed. It seemed to be rated highly, so we decided to give it a shot. We were not disappointed.
We did not realize how small of a place it was until we wandered in and saw that the place was packed on a Sunday night. We definitely should have made a reservation - however, one of the highlights about this place for me was the fact that they really worked to accommodate us despite the fact that we were the ones who didn't know the drill! We only had to wait a couple of minutes and they had pushed together the only two free tables in the place (which people had JUST vacated). It was tight, but we didn't care and really appreciated the effort to seat us. The service continued to be great throughout the night- courteous, not overbearing but quite attentive.
The food and drinks were excellent. The margaritas were delicious (though everyone in my group stuck with the classic margarita, they do have many types). The free chips and salsa were also quite good - particularly the salsas, which both tasted homemade. I found the spicy one to be very spicy (the spice lovers in my group were happy), but the flavor was so good for both. They didn't bring out many chips at first but we asked for more and got more with no problem. The menu was very interesting, with many options that aren't always found at American Mexican restaurants - and everything we had (fish tacos, tacos pastor, chicken mole, enchiladas) were all great. Everyone was happy, and I would certainly go back - with a reservation, especially for a larger party.We went here for dinner last night and had a really enjoyable meal. I called in the afternoon to make reservations for 4. We arrived to find that they had only recorded us for 2, but they moved things around to accommodate our 4 people. We ordered guac and drinks. We received the guac (and complimentary salsas) promptly. Our drinks took at least 30 minutes to come. We asked time and time again, we watched other tables get drinks, but ours were no where to be seen. We also asked repeatedly for water to no avail. In her defense, our waitress was working her TAIL off, so not necessarily her fault. When we finally received our drinks (2 white sangrias, 1 mojito, 1 Jamaican margarita) they were pretty disappointing (and fairly expensive at $9-11).  The food was truly fantastic. At the table we had the enchilladas del mar (my favorite of the evening), the mixed meat lava bowl (delicious and plenty of food for 2 people to share), the vegetarian enchilladas, and the vegetarian tamales. Everything was awesome. The prices were a bit steep ($15-22 for entrees) but very good. The bill ended up higher than I would've expected, and the length of time it took to get our drinks was truly appalling. 5 stars if it weren't for the drink snafu (and absolutely nothing done to remedy it) and the fact that they charged us for a second basket of chips (1 basket isn't even enough for 2 people to finish the guac). But the food was delicious enough that we will definitely return!The wife and I stopped here to get a bite to eat before going to the TLA for a concert. The place is small, clean, and staff was very friendly. The food was excellent. I had chicken enchiladas with green sauce. The wife had vegetarian enchiladas. We both enjoyed our meals immensely. The food was presented quite well, very fancy presentation. But the food was also quite authentic. Dishes were simple, but very well prepared. Plus the chips were clearly made fresh, which is always a bonus in my book. Next time we are in center city we will drop in.Literally my go to Mexican place in the whole city. Love the food, staff and especially drinks. Every year I go here for my birthday and have never had a bad experience. It is difficult to get a table on the weekends, so make a reservation for dinner.This restaurant received three stars because the food is good.  The service is terrible.  Our waitress took forever to get us drinks, forgot our 2nd round entirely, served us the wrong dinners, and had major attitude when I asked for more water.  She was clearly not handling her stress of multiple tables well, and was literally deep sighing her frustration while taking our order.  It was pretty ridiculous.  Go for the food if you do not care about service.  Rudeness was way more disturbing that the mistakes.This is my first review in a while and I can think of no better return to the world of Yelp than singing the praises of Las Bugambilias! Went with the s/o for his going away dinner. We were seated right away and even though the space was small, we weren't at all uncomfortable and the waitress was so nice and super attentive. Guacamole was great. I had the molcajete arrachera and he had some sort of chicken that was served in a lava bowl. Both were amazing and came in generous portions. I  was tempted to take off one star because they didn't have most of the dessert menu available the night I went, but the special dessert they did have (sweet plantains, vanilla ice cream with fresh caramel sauce was well worth me having to me rolled out of there on my side because I was so full. (Although the XXX margaritas may have had something to do with that too!)Great service, cool decors, convenient location, delicious guacamole.
I gotta say it was probably most fresh/chunky guacamole that I've ever tasted. 
I ordered Enchiladas with mole sauce and it was great. It was my first time trying the mole sauce and it was interesting chocolate-based sauce that went well with everything else on the plate. It would've been nice if there was more rice,though. 
It might be little more $$ than other mexican restaurants but it's a must-try restaurant on South st.  =)A great little, hidden Mexican place that's well decorated, got a good vibe, and a place where actual Spanish people go to eat, (I heard Spanish!) Our waitress was so kind to offer my party a taste of their guac after we talked about reading about the guac online! I had the Mole Traditionale, which was delish, but only order if you like Mole sauce.... it was very Mole-ey. 
Make Reservations! it's small!This place is outstanding. I've gone there 3 times now, twice for brunch and once for a friend's birthday party. It's a small spot and we were a party of 12 and got a bit rowdy on account of all the tequila, but the staff couldn't have been nicer. 
The food is always great and the micheladas are completely addictive but where this place really shines is the service. They're warm, friendly and inviting and every time I leave, I can't wait to go back. I honestly could not recommend another place in this town higher than Las Bugambilias.This place is very cozy with a great atmosphere. The staff was friendly and the margaritas were delicious as were the other specialty cocktails. I got the Pineapple Chipotle Marg, perfectly spicy and sweet! 
We ordered a drink from the small bar while we were waiting for a table. After we ordered we were greeted with warm tortilla chips and a duo of fresh salsas. We ordered the mix ceviche to start. It was perfect! Served with saltines. I liked to add a drop of the spicy salsa to mine, so good! My boyfriend got the seafood enchiladas which were on point and tasted just like a seafood bisque in every bite. I had my favorite chicken enchiladas w/ verde sauce. Very authentic and perfectly seasoned. We will be back!Excellent. Definitely the best Mexican food in Philly. 
I'm sure some weirdos on here will complain about a random server not smiling at them or that their left foot was cold during dinner or that their mother-in-law ordered "fay-jeetas" and was disappointed they didnt have them- but fuck all that. This place is amazing and if you don't like the food maybe Mexican isn't your thing.I finally checked this place out last night w/ some friends we had a very tasty feast. Definitely seemed like authentic Mexican food, and I enjoyed my Jamica Margarita. It's a little pricier than what I'm used to paying for Mexican, but then again, the quality was worthy of it. 
Looking forward to going back to try the Mole Enchiladas that i read about from another reviewer.My bf and I went here on a random weekday just narrowly missing happy hour (sad face). Any who, I stumbled upon this place when I visited Paddy Whacks next door for a paint nite event. I ran out to pay my meter before it was up and seen a women outside eating what looked like a delicious spread of food. So of course I looked up their yelp reviews and knew I had to schedule a visit. With my boyfriend in tow, we had an amazing experience. Their was only one waitress when we dined but that did not slow down or cheapen the service in any way. All items where fresh, hot, and prompt. The waitress did an amazing job of answering any questions we had about the menu and of course the food and drinks were great. I can't think of one compliant. If you're in the area, you won't be disappointed.Great place to go for Mexican food. If you are near South street in Philly, try the place out and you'll definitely come back for more.Popped in to Las Bugambilias for a Tuesday night date night after living around the corner for years and never venturing in. I was in the mood for some Mexican comfort food and this place had great reviews so we gave it a go. And man, what a great decision--my only regret is that I hadn't come sooner! We skipped the margaritas, which I had read are wonderful, and opted each for a simple Modelo Especial beer. My boyfriend ordered the pork dish, Chuletas Adobodas, and I went with the Enchiladas Verdes. Both were fantastic. My boyfriend especially raved about the rich flavors of his marinated pork chops, while my enchiladas were the epitome of a "spot-hitter". All throughout dinner we kept making comments to each other of how good the food was and how we couldn't believe we hadn't visited earlier. After our meals we were both pretty full but if dessert was anything like their main meals, then we needed at least a taste.. we ordered the Imposible de Fresa--a chochlate cake soaked in tres leches and then topped with a strawberry flan (I'm drooling thinking of it again). It tied the whole meal together. Just a wonderful night all around. 
We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, what with the amazingly delicious food, the friendly service and the coziness of the restaurant itself. 100% will be back! Highly recommend. ¡Gracias!Came here with Restaurant.com certificate and the waiter tried to initially say that they would not accept it.  When I asked to speak to the manager he changed his tune and said they would accept the coupon.  
After that initial scam, I tried to focus on the positives of the place.  The seating is somewhat compact and you will hear all the conversations around you.  I like the fish tacos and give Las Bugambillias praise for their excellent preparation and presentation.  I will return here, but I will be prepared, unfortunately, to put up a fight for any discounts that they advertise and then try to withdraw from.  
P.S. - The bartender is very good and the manager is excellent.  Waitstaff leaves room for improvement.Surprisingly good familiar Mexican menu in a very nice space.Went here for my Wife's birthday and it was really nice a tiny bit cramped but the atmosphere made me forget i was in south Philly and had traveled south of the border. The food was good sorta wished the portions were a little bigger for the adults but other than that had a great time with my wife and kids beautiful restaurant.Yum. 
There is an impressive margarita list with flavors such as hibiscus, pomegranate, and blood orange as well as other famous mexican cocktails like mojitos. The guacamole and it was pleasantly spicy and the chips were lightly fried flour tortillas. I tried the vegetarian enchiladas with salsa verde and it was so good, in fact, I don't think our table had a single complaint about the meal. For desert we all tried the cafe de olla and it is an impressive way to make coffee, full of spices that kill the bitterness of regular coffee. 
It also appears that bugambilias serves breakfast and lunch which i bet is also delicious.I would have given this place three stars if it wasn't for the guacamole. I got the fish tacos and they were good, but not exceptional. Decent Mexican food for the east coast (I am from Southern California). I'd definitely come back and try something else.Very good, traditional, Mexican food. The flavors are clean, and everything tastes fresh. The menu has a good selection, and everything I have had is properly seasoned. 
As others have mentioned, it is pretty small inside, so make reservations as it fills up fast. It can also be noisy in here at times. I don't mind it, but it's not the place for a quiet & romantic dinner.Authentic and amazing! Went for national margarita day and had the house margarita on special all day which was delicious. Their margaritas are large and flavorful. Great happy hour deals. The enchiladas verdes were also very flavorful. The nachos were authentic and not your typical attempt. The house salsa was also very unique and not at all tangy or pre madeI have to start off by saying that I did not eat here, my mate did. He only got one small appetizer to hold him over until we were both hungry, but he noted "mmm it's good". I will speak more to the atmosphere, staff, and the one drink I had.
When first ordering, I asked the server which Margarita was the least sweet, as I'm not a huge fan of drinking straight sugar. She told me the "X Rated" one, even before I told her my third option, interrupting me. Her enthusiasm for this particular one made me believe it might be good! It wasn't. This thing was so darn tart and sour, I could hardly stomach it. I felt badly and didn't want to send it back but it was not good at all. Plus, it was really small and $11! I am a bit upset about that. 
Anyways, the place is cute and small inside. We sat outside so it was nice to people watch at the end of south street where the crowds can be less rowdy. 
We ended up only getting the 2 drinks and small appetizer and asked for the check. When the server didn't come back for 25 minutes, I went inside and asked somebody for assistance, credit card and check book in hand. "She'll be right out" I was told. After waiting another 10 minutes to no avail, I went back inside. It took us about 40 minutes to eventually get out of there. Not cool.
Overall, I won't be back. The margarita was too tart and way to expensive and the staff a bit inattentive. There are better places in the city.I am not rating the food or the decoration but the business practices of the restaurant. To adventurous patrons: clarify with your server the price of everything -from tap water to chips- and check the bill carefully.  To the managers: be more transparent with the pricing and train your waitstaff better. This is the first time in years that I have left a restaurant without leaving a generous tip and with the resolve of not returning. -Dr. PTheir menu is large, everything is home made and served fresh, and is delicious. We had 2 vegetarian enchilada dishes (Requeson [ricotta] & Vegetariana) and they were amazing. The service was good, there is a full bar with great cocktails. I also love the atmosphere, which is packed with art, rustic dishware, little trinkets. Highly recommend, and we've never needed a reservation!Absolutely love this little Mexican place. My sister and I had so much fun here. The food is just delicious! Definitely recommend the taco pastor!!Thank you !! I work in San Francisco, it's amazing that I find superior Mexican cuisine in Philly. This is authentic Veracruz cuisine, charmingly decorated. First class food, fresh and delicious. If your ready to realize that Mexican food has little to do with burritos and nachos, step up and enjoy the breadth of our cuisine !!I don't normally go to South Street area or restaurants.  Besides Percy Street, I just think of South Street as a place for nondiscriminating tourists who will eat any old slop food just because the restaurant happens to be located South Street.  But was looking to try a new Mexican spot, and found this place on yelp.  Menu looked awesome so figured I'd give them a try.
Really enjoyed my meal and the server was great!
Spilled my whole margarita all over the bar within minutes of arriving, which was pretty frigin embarrassing, but our server/bartender made me another at no cost.
Tried the guacamole, queso fundido, ceviche mixto and pork tamales.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  Ceviche had crab, flounder and shrimp and the perfect amount of citrus flavor.  Pork tamales could have had a bit more shredded pork, but not a huge deal.
Place is totally unpretentious and the food and service were top notch.I've been here twice and each time I had a good experience.  The service was nice, the food was good and the price reasonable.Seafood soup and veggie enchiladas hit the spot! Cash only.. (I think bc the machine was/is broken??) We opted for the chile poblano sauce, which totally made the dish. The right balance of spicy and cooling, fresh veggies and nice dining atmosphere even though we took the goodies to go. Will return for eat in menu!Absolutely AMAZING food!
We stopped in here to fill up after working the long weekend at the Philly Tattoo Convention and it was better than we could have even hoped for!
The soup that I had was ridiculously delicious.  The hot molten bowls of meaty goodness that the boys ate had them drooling for more, even after their stomachs were completely full.  
The only thing that I regret is not having room for desert...I accidently stumbled into this place when I couldn't find a brunch at 2:00pm. I wanted eggs and sweet meats as all people who are hungover do, but was pleasantly surprised with the amazing food. We started with the queso fundido and DEAR GOD was it good, Made with fresh shrimp forget about it! Then I had the Carne dish which had a stuffed jalpeno pepper in the middle. Yeah that happened! I think I have found my new favorite Mexican food restuarant.My boss and I and other co workers came here for a bday celebration! The food was good and we've been here many times before and the good service and food always kept us coming back. We are all just displeased with how mean our waitress was who said she was new. We get that she had her hands full and despite her rudeness for no reason was still tipped 20 percent but would have been a lot more if she was nice. We all get it and work in customer service, we know that it was a bad day for her but please don't take it out on us especially when it was the bday girl who never been there before. We were kind of embarrassed we brought her there on this particular evening which seemed to be a bust. She was so bad it just became comical after a while.
I came back on another day and had excellent food and service with a other waitress. Made sure The new waitress wasnt in. The new waitress just needs to be checked! Dont be mad at us for walking through the door!!! I didn't want to give this place 1 or 2 stars bc i have had so many positive experiences at this place and never left a review. I will update to a 5 star review at later time.I've always felt that Philly had a slight gap when it came to Mexican food.  Sure we have the big attractions (El Vez and Distrito) and nothing against either of them, but  sometimes you want a place that is a little more casual, more relaxed.  Las Bugambilias is totally that places.  
First, start with the drinks (definitely start with a drink).  I personally can't get enough of the pineapple chipotle margarita.  Its sweet and a little spicy.  My friend (who doesn't like anything spicy) didn't enjoy it--so a warning if you don't like spice.  She did really enjoy the traditional margarita, however.  
In our visits, we've gotten guacamole and queso as appetizers.  We were able to get vegetarian queso.  It was great, with really good fresh tortillas and a lovely oozy goodness.  The guacamole with chips and the salsas are amazing, some of the best I've ever had.  I like my guac a little chunky and LB satisfies.  We also ordered enchiladas (vegetarian and chicken) and were incredibly pleased with those as well.  
The dining room and service are great, if unfortunately small, meaning reservations on weekends and busy nights are a very good idea.  Love it and will definitely go back!Didnt get food b/c its overpriced ($15 for an Enchilada.....come on!!!!) We did get Margaritas.  The best think I can say for the tiny ass cup of Dalys Margarita Mix is that it was on happy hour special.  Do yourself a favor.  Save yourself money and pretension and head down to Copabanana.  At least they're honest about what they are.Great Mexican in a bright, cheery, fun atmosphere. The food is quite delicious and my enchilada, although super cheesy, still had a lot of other flavors and didn't feel heavy or greasy. Things weren't perfect (black beans that seemed to be piped out of a bag into a swirl? cold tortilla chips) but I would still love to come back here.Another quality YELP find!
I brought the husband to Philadelphia for a long weekend.  It was almost 5:30 on a Friday night, and we wanted to eat before exploring.  Sometimes using the map and filters instead of the list search is more helpful and is how I came across this amazing find.
One tip or review suggested reservations are a good idea as the restaurant is fairly small.  The hostess who answered took our reservation but did say they were booked solid after 7.  We later saw just how booked she meant, very happy we called ahead and got there around 6:15 before the crowds came.
Our cab from center city ($8) dropped us off.  If you were driving you may miss it, it does have a very small sidewalk seating area and entry.  Once inside there is about a 6 seat bar.  We were greeted and seated right away, the waitress brought our menus, chips and homemade salsa almost immediately.  Warning the hot salsa is HOT.  Since we read the reviews we were fairly prepared to order.  We both had margaritas ($11 each) me the spicy pineapple, the husband had the x-rated.  Both were awesome, you can appreciate that these were made with care, and quality ingredients.
For entrées, I ordered the del Mar enchilada (stuffed with shrimp, crab, lobster) topped with cheese, sauce & a side of rice - OMG, so delicious! First it was huge and we could have shared, second the quality of ingredients is once again noticed and takes a great entree to a new level.
The husband had the fish tacos, 3 tacos with battered fish, avacado, sauce, cheese & side of rice.  Another quality dish, and these were no Gorton fish fillets, but obviously fresh fish prepped and cooked here.
We had one more margarita each, and split the chocolate sponge cake soaked in three milks, amaretto and kahlua for dessert.  
This was an amazing meal, one we would have missed without YELP.  We left full, not stuffed, and we were off to enjoy south street.I have eaten at this place a few times and I can't wait to go back. The staff is awesome and extremely accomodating to large groups despite the small space. The Queso Chihuahua appetizer is so tasty and delicious I crave it on a weekly basis. Their margaritas could be a tad bit stronger in my opinion. The prices are reasonable and you can buy coupons on restaurant.com, 25.00 coupon for 10.00. Great for groups and date night.Came here on a sunny afternoon with my boyfriend.  Decided to start with the classic margaritas which were prepared fresh using natural ngredients (this isn't your sugary bottle mix).  We then decided to move to the guacamole.  Simple yet amazing.  The tortilla chips were fresh and crunchy and the fresh habanero sauce is spicy, Spicy, SPICY (aka amazing).  Fresh ingredients, authentic mexican food, great place for a date or gathering with friends, co-workers or family.  The food is a little pricey but you can get great deals from restaurant.com to help keep the bill down!  This place is located on south street at the end right next to PaddyWhacks (sp?).  Can easily walk pass and miss, but if you do, you're missing out on a great atmosphere and even better food!Las Bugambilias has got to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in the city. The guacamole and ceviche are absolutely delicious and as fresh as it gets. Seafood lovers, order the Enchiladas del Mar smothered with the poblano sauce. you won't regret it! 
And sure, the space is small, but it's never been a problem. I've had a company dinner here once and they were able to accommodate 15 of us without any problems.What a Stellar find!
My friends and I navigated over to this part of town after a day enjoying Spruce Street Harbor. We solely wanted good margs and chips/guac, and this spot happened to be the only one near by. What started as a matter of convenience ended up being the best idea!
Hands down the best drinks I've ever enjoyed at a Mexican restaurant. Both in terms of quality and price. 
The chips were home made, and still fresh from the fryer. We ordered the house guac, ceviche and salsa to pair with everything.
I intend to make my way back for a full course dinner very soon! Be sure to reserve on open table, as it got busy quick.After moving here 3 years ago from south Texas I have finally found a place with genuine Mexican food! Not only was their food great but they give you free chips and salsa which weirdly (and stupidly) never happens in center city. 
    My friend and I went for happy hour and both got house margs which were good but I felt like I needed more tequila in mine..2 minutes later the bartender brought me over a shot of tequila to put in. I wouldn't of minded paying for the extra tequila but when I got the bill at the end of the visit I realized I was not charged for it. Not only was the bartender great, but our server was delightful. When my friend stated she wanted the nopales salad but had never had cactus before the waitress said she would bring out a sample.        To eat we got the chicken mole enchiladas and tacos pastor-both delicious. 
     My only complaint would be the price point is a little high for what it is but with the extra tequila and the fact they give you chips and salsa it made up for it. I will definitely be returning to this establishment that made a Texas girl very happy!Waited over an hour for a reserved table. No apologies. Cool. 
We were offered agree round but ehhIt's a small place that is every easy to simply pass by when walking on South St, especially with so many other bars/pubs/eateries about, but this place is definitely worth it! The food was DELICIOUS. We got the house margaritas for happy hour ($6 each) and were disappointed that there was not enough tequila in them. We asked for an extra shot of tequila to add to the margaritas and they kindly obliged free of charge! I can say with certainty that our service was friendly and attentive. It was also accommodating of them to serve us chips and fresh salsa. Their spicy salsa is actually pretty spicy and they aren't kidding about that, but it still has a refreshing taste. 
I ordered the tacos el pastor. I saw so many Yelp reviews and pictures of that dish that I figured I had to try it. I've had tacos from El Vez, Lolita, El Rey etc, but these were probably the most flavorful of the bunch. Served on three soft corn tortillas, the filling consisted of marinated pork and pineapple. You should definitely try this dish. The savory pork and the slightly charred sweet pineapple created a flavor that quite frankly, tasted riveting. 
This restaurant gives you a feel for "traditional" Mexican food and my friend who is from Texas and rather critical of Mexican food, actually loved this place and felt like the food had that taste she had been craving since she left San Antonio. 
I will most certainly be back here. Their brunch menu looks fantastic and the tres leches cake is definitely calling my name.Just an FYI for anyone considering trying Las Bugambilias...Las Bugambilias is a Restaurant and NOT a Taquería. If you want good low priced traditional Mexican food (Taquería) try La Veracruzana off Washington Ave. This place far exceeds typical Mexican food in flavor and creativity!
So here is the short and sweet on this excellent establishment:
Guacamole - $6.00- great flavor fresh ingredients nice kick 
Sopes Veracruzanos - $6.00- My favorite app by far is the vegetarian sopes with corn, zucchini and pumpkin blossoms...amazing! Better than the beef and chicken sopes...trust me.
Camarones Rellenos - $19.00- Generous size shrimp stuffed with cheese, pumpkin blossoms, zucchini, and wrapped with bacon...very delicious
Restaurant has warm ambience with colorful traditional Mexican paintings/décor accompanied with classic black and white photography. Establishment is cozy NOT small, not the best for large parties (bigger than 6) but blends flavors not associated with typical Mexican cuisine. My favorite Mexican Restaurant  so far.Yes. To everything. Came here with a few friends to end a Sunday Funday at Yards. It's a very small place, so you may feel crowded. The food more than makes up for it. I got veggie quesadillas-bomb! Salsa was perfectly spicy and chips not too salty. Our waitress was very nice and accommodating and knowledgable to vegetarians.I've been here several times.  Most of the time, I randomly order different dishes and never have I gone wrong.
The guacamole is excellent, and the steak is cooked just right. The margaritas are on the stronger side, which we like. They also have a very good selection of beers.
I recommend getting the Mexican coffee (which is sweet and has a small amount of alcohol) with your dessert. 
The service here is very good, but make sure to make a reservation if you have a large party during peak hours. This is not a big place and fills up quickly! We always go around 5 to 6pm.It was the first  time we eat here, it was amazing! As authentic as can be for a Mexican Place on South Street.  The food was fresh and the service was exceptional, this ain't no South of the Border.  We will be back.Woot woot. Yes, go eat here. Ay dios mio.
We like Mexican. We like it a lot. And, we eat a lot of it. Normally, when in Philly, we go to Tequila. That place is good, for sure. But, last night we went to this small place on a recommendation. A great meal ensued. We sat at a comfy table by the window and ordered a bunch of food. The service was good, the margaritas were reasonable (at a great price), and the food was great. I'll definitely go back the next time I'm in Philly and in need of some Mexican food.
I recommend, in particular, the vegetable enchiladas (with salsa verde). The enchiladas del mar were apparently good, too, though i didn't have any. (My wife attests that it was good.)Las Bugambilias is fantastic. The staff is all super sweet and they make a great cocktail. 
You would think a place like this on South Street would be a tourist trap, but not the case at all.
The space is tight and it gets pretty packed on an evening night, so reservations are often needed.One of the most authentic mexican places in the city.  I get take out lunch from them several times a week. 
The chicken soup is to die for, and the enfrijolados are amazing.Great local mexican eatery. Go for the happy hour margaritas, and stay for dinner. A lovely spot to bring your family and friends.Very, very, VERY good. 
And even though it's not a BYO, the wine is the most affordable I've seen. 
Great experience.Excellent authentic Mexican food!  Was in town for the DNC convention and this restaurant was highly recommended. I'm so glad I came!  Everything was good from the guacamole to the red Sangria. I was surprised that it wasn't very busy on a Thursday night at 7pm.This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in philadelphia! The food was incredible. Everything was fresh and sinful. Really enjoyed the nachos. I had a coal plate with shrimp steak and chicken and my boyfriend had chick quesadillas. What a nice find, if only we would have found sooner. Will certainly be back!Their soups are great!  It's not easy to find great soup.   Good drinks(not waterdown), and foods is very good.Disappointed. I was here about 2 years ago & everything was great! I have since then always recommended this place to everyone. I will no longer be doing that....
It was a Friday night but our service was horrible! Our waitress was extremely inattentive - it took 40 minutes for us to get our drinks. The drinks came out after our food! Granted, it was Friday night but no one sat down after us, if anything the waitstaff collectively had less tables to attend to while we were there. 
The food was meh. The shrimp ceviche was disgusting - it tasted like ketchup. We sent it back & they were kind enough to exchange it for a guacamole. But $9 for small/medium scoop of guacamole? Pass... The vegetarian enchiladas were good, but made me feel sick all night.. The chicken quesadilla was good, thank god. I would be worried if the quesadilla wasn't okay! 
Overall - expensive, meh-bad food, horribly slow service. I won't be back.I was on and about with my girlfriends on Saturday and we wanted to have Mexican food for dinner. My friend suggested this place and the Yelp reviews were good so we gave it a shot. 
We walked in at about 7:45 looking for a 9:00 reservation. The hostess informed us for a group of 5, 9:30 would work better. The place was pretty tiny, so we were happy to get a spot and figured we could kill some time on South Street. A little before 9 the skies were about to open up so we returned to wait out the rest of the time out of the rain. The table was ready within minutes of early arrival - score!
First things first, we had to figure out our margarita situation. Since 4 of us were drinking we figured we'd go with the pitcher of house margarita. It was a good call. There was more than enough and it had a perfect mix of flavor and tequila. 
As for food, since we had been eating non stop all day everyone decided to go for a personal appetizer and a round of guac and chips. So I read the reviews and knew we would be charged for any additional chips but I was shocked when we only got 2 tiny baskets for the table. There were 5 people and we paid for the guac! How can we be excepted to divide that up? Half a chip per person?  The guac itself was tasty, I personally enjoy getting larger chunks of avocado when I dip and that's exactly what I got. The chips weren't that great. They seemed a little greasy and broke easily when I tried to get some guac. We also got two different cups of salsa- one was spicy and one was a thick with chunks of well seasoned tomatoes. Very enjoyable when mixed.
For my "main course"/appetizer dinner I had the sopes veracruzanos- two hand made tortillas topped with re-fried beans and queso fresco one with chicken and one with pork  The plate was garnished with the chunky, pico de gallo type salsa. Very enjoyable! There was definitely a little kick of spice and the flavors were blending nicely in each bite.
I can't forget to mention the decor. The place was filled with various Mexican tchotchkes. It was eclectic and a pleasant atmosphere. The water glasses were slanted- sort of like a noodle- and quite the fun shape.
I was impressed by the appetizer and very happy with margarita. I can't wait to come back hungry and check out the full menu. I have my eye on the enchilada section. Ole!My family and I frequent this little place often.  I'm sad to say the quality of the food is definitely slipping down hill.  And the service is def hit or miss, much more on the miss side now.  We had a rather unpleasant experience with the bar tender / waitress this week. She "schooled" me on a dish I've been ordering for my son for about a year now.  I often wonder why waitress forget they work for tips...anyway that sealed the deal, we can find our authentic Mexican food at one of the other billion little quaint joints Philadelphia boasts of.Good Mexican food at very reasonable prices.
The portions are huge. My friend and I split the vegetarian enchiladas, which came with three enchiladas covered in a delicious poblano crema sauce. Highly recommended.
Only issue was upon arriving at the restaurant for our 7pm Sat. reservations the hostess told us our table was needed for a 9pm reservation. Did that mean we had to rush because they overbooked? They lost money on our dinner because there was no reason to order drinks and appetizers if we had to make way for another reservation.
Food is worth another visit. But perhaps a weeknight will be better so we don't have to be told we're on a time limit.Lord oh lord, is the food good here. Great quesadillas, tacos, enchilladas, and everything else. Great drinks and good value for the quality. Service is delightful albeit a little slow.
Would love to try everything on the menu but would maybe want even more of a selection of Mexican culinary classics...They have the best food! I had a blood orange margaritas, tortilla soup and for my entree grouper filet stuffed with crab meat. Lisa was our waitress and she was very attentive with each table.Came here for happy hour the 1st time. Hibiscus margaritas were amazing! Food and service were also very good, a little pricier than your average Mexican but still not bad at all compared to Center City prices. Place is small so arrive early if you don't want to feel crowded. Overall a pleasant enough experience that I brought family to eat there while they were in town. Will be back!Food was great,atmosphere great....waitress a little abrupt but fastThe atmosphere of this place is truly original Mexican style. It is absolutely beautiful with clay plates and other Mexican pieces. The food was great especially the ceviche. I'm sure there were better Mexican restaurants in the area but this was definitely a nice spot for a good dinner.I really wanted to like Las Bugambilias more than i did. The spot, right off Headhouse Square is much smaller than I had imagined, with a tiny bar up front that puts out a decent margarita. The cocktail list is awfully pricey though. 
The cochinita pibil wasn't available, so I had the enchiladas mole, which were really good. My wife's enchiladas verde were just as good. 
Our tamale appetizer was cold and crumbly however, a disappointment after it was recommended by our server. 
I'm not rushing back, there's too many other Mexican options, but Las Bugambilias is definitely a serviceable option. I was just expecting more.So we were walking by and walked in. They asked if we had a reservation and of course we didn't. We were told a 40 minute wait ( so make reservations ). We fought our way to the 5 chair bar and had a amazing margarita. My friend had the sour cherry one. To tart for me but she loved it. Victoria our bartendress was fun and witty while serving our drinks and food. The food was great we had the chirazo cheese dip and it was a meal itself. We split a steak tip cheese thing that was served with flour tortillas and we split it and couldn't finish it. This place was great. Had a great ambiance and had all ages and celebrations going on. Can't wait to come backDelicious. Had the vegetable soup (want the recipe!) and the chicken quesadillas, which were so light. There seemed to be only one guy working g their doing the greeting, waiting on tables, and bar tending.  He did great though.I get food cravings and sometimes I just have to go with it...so last night I wanted nachos with salsa. I yelped and found this place that I've walked past maaany times and paid no attention to. When we arrived, my fiancé and I were seated right away (it was a Wednesday night) I happily devoured my nachos with pico de gallo and ordered the chicken quesadilla. Everything tasted great! I can't believe I've never noticed this spot. Our waitress was really nice too.I have only been once so far, but I am absolutely in LOVE with this place. My Dad and Mom were coming up to visit my sister and I, and they asked if I knew any good Mexican restaurants around. I threw out the stock names, but they were all booked (Xotchil and El Vez) so I turned to yelp for a hand. Everyone who reviewed this place was spot on. 
Atmosphere: Cozy, a little jammed because of how small it is, but I never felt trapped like I do in restaurants that are very tiny. Very cool glass and dishware. The room felt so cheerful after being out in the blustery cold all day with them, very warm and inviting but not over the top gaudy and over the top  like some other ethnic restaurants.  
Food: I can't find the name of the dish I got, but it was unreal! It came out in a stone bowl filled with shrimp/steak/chicken as well as some sort of sauce. You had to dig in with a fork and then make a burrito. It was quite messy, though, because at one point I went to get something out of it and the fork flew out and sauce rained on the people next to our table. Thankfully they were cool!
Service: Very polite, no one was lingering over us or pointing out that we were butchering the names of the dishes. Everything came out really fast, and everything we had was piping hot. 
I usually avoid South Street like the plague, but I'm glad I went anyway. Though I went with my family, the restaurant seems custom fit for people dating. I am actually planning on taking my date there on Sunday. 
I wish there was a place like this nearer to where I live.
Downsides: The location, since South Street is kinda blah, or "flash mobby" if you will. However, for food this good it's worth the trip.
Las Bugambilias is added to my top 5 restaurants in Philadelphia. For real.So I'm not usually one to give a place a terribly negative review, but the servers here truly earned it. The food was pretty good, but our service was pretty terrible. First, the entire meal (which included three entrees, nothing more) took about two hours b/c the servers were shockingly slow with absolutely everything. My friend ordered the pineapple-chipotle margarita and it was so spicy and terrible that even after having them attempt to fix the drink and bring her a new one, it was still almost undrinkable. 
Then they brought out guacamole, which we though was just a free starter, but the proceeded to take it from us after we'd already eaten some and give it to the people who actually ordered it (sooo that's gross). Finally, we asked for separate checks and after 5-10 minutes realized that the person we talked to never even told our waitress. So we had to ask again. When we finally got our checks, we were determined to tip low since throughout all of these screwups, there were no apologies or really any friendliness. And of course the waitress added a 20% gratuity without even asking and there were only three of us.
Staff at Bugambilias: you earned this terrible review. Please stop adding a high tip to your checks when you most definitely did not earn it. That was a low move and I will not be back.Small place that we stumbled upon by accident. Absolutely great food. Lovely decor with great attention to details. Will come back next time I'm visiting PhillyWent for brunch on Sunday.  4.5 stars.  Buffet was 15.00.  Nice variety of sweet bread, coffee, traditional dishes, and a few unique options.  The buffet comes in phases so try to get there at 12.  Entrees were wonderful.  Huevos con carne.  Steak was awesome.  The pechuga poblana was dynamite as well.  Poblano sauce remarkable.  Service was perfect.  4 stars because it wasn't off the charts - but it is authentic and prices are reasonable.  Bloody Mary was meh....  We will be back.  It's better than good - close to great.I seldom give 5 start reviewsm  but when I do it is for a restaurant like this. The service was beyond outstanding as was the food.  I normally try a variety of restaurants as I canvas areas for the self  service valet parking friendly environment, and this area is very good for that as well.  If and when I get back to the Head House Square area with angle  parking capability as well as parallel parking spots, I will go back here and eat. Prices are fare, in fact very reasonable for the excellent food and service.  NetsonThe staff were super nice, the food was really good, but overall, not the most memorable meal.  I do remember that my cocktail was good and the desserts were really good!  I would recommend it, but I can't remember what I had.The food here was amazing! I just returned from Cancun the other day and was craving some authentic Mexican. My girlfriend and I had the Guacamole (which was nice and chunky), Cochinita Pibil & the filet mignon dish with cheese (can't remember the name). There was a ton of food, the filet melted in your mouth and the pork was flavorful with the plantain.
The only negative was the service, it seemed like the only waiters were a mother and her son? You could hear them arguing about how many tables each of them had (at the time there was like 5-6 tables, not too busy. We had the son, who took a while to bring us our menus, take our order and never asked how the food was. We had to stop him just to get our check.
I would eat here again, but perhaps just get carryout.If you are looking for good quality authentic mexican food this is the place. The food here is really tasty and really special.  You can tell a lot of heart goes into this restaurant.  The atmosphere is friendly, the food is excellent, and the service is spot on. A Philadelphia foodie MUST.We love Las Bugambilias. Being from Phoenix, I am always looking for a fantastic, authentic Mexican place that we can frequent, thankfully we've found one. Their salsa and guacamole are delicious and made fresh and you can have it made more spicy if you prefer - which we do. I always enjoy the fish tacos and my partner, the chicken mole...and of course a pitcher of margaritas.
My only con is the table size - small. Actually the whole restaurant is which isn't so bad just be careful how you order. We'll stagger when we place our orders just so that the table doesn't become uncomfortable. We apply this same idea if there w/ another couple. It can be like playing Tetris so everything fits!The food was fresh and delicious. The drinks were great! My new favorite Mexican restaurant. :) I loved the salsa. My daughter loves the guacamole. The waitress was pleasant and the time spent there enjoyable.Used to have best large frozen margaritas but now they are just served in standard water glass and they charge same price ($9). Manager wanted us happy so comped a drink.Found this place randomly on Open Table.  The menu looked good (and they serve conchinita pibil, which I adore), so we decided to try it out.  Service was friendly and attentive, but not overbearing.  Food was excellent.  Very authentic, well prepared, and well presented.  Atmosphere is very agreeable.  I would give them a 5, but my friend felt his cocktail was a little bit lacking in the alcohol department.  Pour those drinks a little heavier, and you'll have them lining up out the door.I saw some great reviews about this place so I made a reservation. When we arrived we were told the restaurant does not honor reservations.  I asked if we could sit at the bar and the bartender said he was super busy but we could sit there. We waited a few minutes and were seated and we were told they would find us a server. It took a while and then someone came by and took our orders and then we waited again. Dinner came before our drinks. Dinner was ok,  nothing outstanding.  Reminded me of typical bar food. It was very disorganized as far as staffing. I would not recommend this restaurant.Good food and good atmosphere. The enfrijoladas are amazing and are a must try for sure. It's a little small inside so making a reservation is good idea.
My only complaint is that the food and service can be inconsistent.Really good mexican food with amazing drinks.  A little on the pricey side when you include drinks, but worth all the money.  Try the mole enchiladas and amazing pink margaritas, any flavor.Ok food, had a not so friendly environment and the waitress kept forgetting our sidesI have been here with one, I have been here with a few! 
A GREAT place to go to order a pitcher of sangria and the mole sauce is to DIE for! 
cute little space with some eye catching ingredients (who knew -chocolate and turkey?) and very friendly staff. there is a little bar tucked in the corner, and I originally went there at the recommendation of a friend and shop owner close by the spot. 
You will be happy you tried this gem!The first time that I was fortunate enough to experience Las Bugambilias (which, despite being a reasonably intellegent person, I am incapable of pronouncing correctly), I was fortunate enough to be surrounded by 3 of  my impressively carnivorous friends, and our performance did not disappoint.  I do not recall our exact meal as it was about a year ago, but suffice it to say that we left no menu item unturned on that blissfully indulgent evening.  
I love Mexican food and will enjoy it from Taco Bell to Lolita.  However, Las Bugambilias is different than any Mexican restaurant at which I have dined.  The menu has some different flavors than is typical and the dishes are really bursting with flavor but somehow do not overwhelm the complimentary items on the plate.  I ordered the hangar steak in my most recent visit and not only what the steak extremely flavorful but the sauce was divine and it went stunningly well with the mole enchilada that comes on the same plate and lasted there for about 2.4 seconds.  From what I have heard, the pork entree (which made top 100 meals you have to try in Philly or something like that) is groundbreaking.
Why 4 stars and not 5?  Well, I'm becoming stingy in my advanced age and I don't want to give 5 stars to a restaurant where I am not absolutely sure that the operation is 100% consistent.  I did have a meal that was a bit overcooked and a steak that was tough.  This is nitpicking, however, and I would strongly suggest stopping by for dinner and/or drinks.Real moderately priced Mexican dishes in the popular South Street neighborhood sandwiched between great history in Olde City and trendy shops in Queen Village. Parking in lots at 3rd and Bainbridge, S. Front and South, and on the street along Spruce, Pine, Lombard, and Bainbridge.   Authentic Veracruz mexican dishes served up in traditional size (filling) and style (festive). Atmosphere is cosy, well done, you could mistake your surroundings for a restaurant in Mexico. It's all about the food though - outstanding - their Chimichangas are the best I've had outside Mexico, and everything else is top rated by friends and family.  Nice place for a romantic evening: traditional Mexican beers, margaritas.  I usually go with friends - it's tight but we've had 8 and if you call ahead they may be able to seat 12.  It's hard to resist taking pictures of everything there!  Photos here are accurate! Wait Staff are experienced pros and very accomodating - take your vegan and vegetarian friends for a real treat too. Snack on chips with guac and salsa. Las Bugambilias, 5 stars!First impression when I walked in- super small spot and kinda quiet.... I was apprehensive to try a new spot but my friend suggested we try it out... Ok so since they have like 8 tables in the whole restaurant, you should probably make a reservation.  Didnt know it was a cubicle restaurant, so we had no idea about the reservations. We just walked in and sat at the bar but that was uncomfortable so we moved to the one vacant table. Our drinks were pretty good and strong. The nachos were good, not the best ever, but good. Now our entrees were meh... Not too impressed... Friendly staff and great waiter, but it wasnt a remarkable experience that would call for a repeat visit. I guess I'll go back to my regular spots or try another mexican spot. Sorry guys....AMAZING! My experience was great. Very nice setting and the staff were great. Authentic mexi food. The chef is great and the presentation was amazing. Definitely going back. Been here many times great place on South St.Reserved a table for 12 for a "baby sprinkle" for my sister in law. They were so courteous and accommodating and the food was delicious and timely for a small place and a party of that size. The fish tacos were TO DIE FOR and the guac with hot fresh tortilla chips was incredible. What a great little authentic mexican restaurant with beautiful glasses and dishes and a KILLER fresh margarita! Ole' :)Went to this place for the first time last night with a friend who lives near the restaurant and is a regular there.  The food was delicious and the ambiance perfect for 2 friends catching up - not too loud, but not uncomfortably quiet, either.
As we are both big seafood fans and were in the mood for fish that night, we both enjoyed the Enchiladas Del Mar.  Really great flavors and enchilada sauce, with the right amount of rice and vegetables on the side.  My friend had her heart set on the Ceviche Mixto, her regular order, but unfortunately they were out of it.  I can't wait to return so I can try it!
Margaritas were very good and the service was great.  Serving of chips was a bit small, but delicious.Went here this past august and haven't stopped thinking about it since. Such a festive and cozy atmosphere and great food. Cant wait to go back!I love this place.  The people are so nice, the margs are great, the decor makes you feel like you're in a little Mexican village, and the food is definitely a big ramp up from the usual.  It's the kind of homey food your grandmother would make... if she were Mexican and a really good cook.  The flavors are stand alone and unique.  And a great variety to choose from.  If you like cheviche, this is your place.I lived in southern California for a long time so I'm a bit spoiled when it comes to Mexican food. Most of the Mexican spots I've eaten at downtown have been junky to edible at best but this is an exception. I would have given it 5 stars but there are a few rough spots which I'll cover briefly - they aren't huge, just noticeable. 
Overall, the presentation and setting is great. One thing I always thought that was silly is how each place setting has multiple plates per person. I've ordered many different things but it always seems like they remove half of my plates. 
Their salsa and home made chips are great even though you don't get a lot of them. I'm not counting this as a negative because typically your food comes out promptly and being full on chips makes it hard to wade through a big platter of steaming hot delicious food. I've had the (I'm not going to even humor you with my attempt at remembering the Hispanic words for the meals) turkey mole, stuffed pepper and steak (this is awesome!), a few of the shrimp platters, everything has been awesome. Their beans and rice are always fresh, nothing worse than refried-reheated beans, yuck. I've never had deserts there but they do look good, typically I'm stuffed by the end. 
Overall, it's a gem on South st. I'd recommend it. 
On to the few negatives. 
It is a small place. If you want to go on a Thur-Sat evening without a reservation, good luck. If you're out and about and want to drop in with a few friends without a reservation, good luck, they just don't have a lot of seats. 
Since it is small, you're pretty intimate with your neighbors. If you're big on your personal space, this may gig you. I'm amazed the wait staff does such a great job navigating through the tight walkways without spilling food. 
Unfortunately, they do take big parties (8-10) but you'd be buddyspiking everyone elses experience because noise carries in close quarters and you've just absorbed 1/3 of the seats.So, so delicious! The margaritas are by far the best in the city! Fresh refreshing delightful. Cozy atmosphere warm and friendly. Won't break the bank, and I always have left overs. Come in and enjoy!I wanted to give Las Bugambilias a 3 1/2 . . .but then I realized that that's what I gave El Rey . . . and I would take Las Bugambilias any day above El Rey.  Maybe I should lower my ranking of El Rey.  Or maybe instead of the half star, Yelp should ADD a star.  This might be my new campaign for Yelp, the addition of a star.
Anyway, I went here with a group of 8 for dinner last night . . . which can often be a recipe for disaster, it was not.  The restaurant itself is quite cute, and especially adorable in light of its South Street location.  To start, they have a very nice cocktail selection, there's something for everyone.  
We started with the queso fundido with crab.  It was good, just good, not great, but a solid way to start the evening.  I had the enchiladas del mar . . . here is where I'm torn.  Did I actually really enjoy this, or do I just enjoy any food totally slathered with cheese?  The jury's still out.  
This was a very lovely dining experience for a group of 8, which is important.  I would recommend it to others too as it is more convenient than some of my favorite south philly mexican restaurants.I used to really love this place!  I'm not sure if they changed management or cooks or what but the food this past time I went was nowhere near the quality of the previous few times.  The food used to be delicious here as it was supposedly an old chef from Tequila's.  We've never really had any complaints and we go here every few months but the food this past time was horrendous.  The ceviche wasn't even ceviche because it was completely cooked.  The portions of the guac were smaller than it used to be served.  We got charged for extra chips which was like a small little basket.  I'm not sure if this was just an isolated occurrence or what but this past experience was bad and nothing like what this place used to be.It seems like I'm always obligated to separate my review between the food and the service. 
The food was great. Simply put. We had some tortilla chips with two different salsas, one was mild and one was spicy. Both were good. My fiance ordered the enfrijoladas. She normally doesn't like black beans, but she said the black bean sauce was delicious. I ordered the Pescado Tikin Xil/Yucateco, which was done perfectly. The shrimp and sauce on the fish was perfectly balanced. The side dish of rice was also great. 
Based solely on the food, we will be back. However..... 
The service was a different story. We were seated promptly. Our waitress came over and asked what we wanted, not "Do you want something to drink?". So, we ordered both drinks and food all at once. My beer was served to me quickly; however, my fiance's drink sat on the bar for literally 10 minutes. I had to flag down our waitress to retrieve her drink. After our food was delivered, it took our waitress another 10 to 15 minutes to come over to ask how our food was. It just seemed that she was trying to do too much, with waiting tables (maybe too many?), seating people, and clearing tables. Also to note, a family sitting next to us were seated by the time we got there and received their food after we were finished eating. 
Overall, we loved the food, didn't like the service, and am hoping next time we go the service will have improved.Finally a decent margarita! I can't testify to their food, but their margs are large, wonderful, and decently poured and priced.
I stopped in around 3pm on sweltering Sunday afternoon, and this place was dead. We were told to sit wherever we pleased, so we snagged a cozy table in a window nook. Our initial hostess, who gave us our silverware, was delightful, but informed us that our waitress was new and having a rough day. I thought it was very thoughtful of her to look out for the training server.  
Since the margs ran from $9-13, my friends and I discussed the possibility of the three of us sharing a pitcher. The kind hostess informed us that the pitchers were $47 and harbored anywhere from 10-12 drinks. My crew wasn't feeling that ambitious, so we ordered two traditional margs on the rocks and one blood orange.
These margaritas were huge! We nursed our drinks for almost an hour, and I definitely felt a bit of a buzz. I would have been on the floor with a second drink, no doubt. I ordered the traditional and was over the moon to have finally found a good marg! Not long ago, I paid $14 for a watered down margarita at a different establishment, so in comparison, your dollar goes a long way here. The best part? Our traditional margaritas were only priced at $6 a piece when the check came! 
I'd definitely come back here, and maybe next time I'll make it past the drink menu.Had the pastor tacos. Pretty solid. Could have more of a pineapple taste. However the big highlight for me were the chips. Restaurant made thick tortilla chips are hard to find and these were excellent. Didn't leave an oil film on my fingers. Went well with my tacos. If I could buy a bag I would!  For what I got it was good qpr.I don't even know where to start. This is my favorite restaurant ever, I have dined here numerous times and have never had a bad experience. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. The lime daiquiri and white sangria are amazing. For starters you can't go wrong with the queso chihuahua, it's melted cheese and chorizo, enough said. Also the tacos pastor are amazing. The crema frijoles and crema poblana soups have a real depth of flavor, very surprising. My favorite entrees are cochinita pibil (tender roasted pork with plantains) and carne tampiquena (skirt steak wrapped around a cheese filled jalapeno with a mole enchilada). Finish the meal with their cafe de olla and the churros with caramel sauce, it so unbelievable. This is the place to go for any occasion and to get amazing authentic Mexican food.Outstanding buffet on Sunday. Not a whole lot of variety, but certainly high quality food! Great and friendly wait staff. All around great restaurant!Easily best kept secret on South Street for authentic Mexican food. The restaurant is very quaint and personal. Solid date spot. The service is very helpful and attentive. I highly recommend trying the tacos al pastor. They also have a stellar mexican beer menu. Get a sol beer with your tacos and enjoy!Wow wow wow!!!!
Amazing food I knew from the minute the fresh chips and guacamole came out it was going to be a great meal.. really nice ambiance and service was great and friendly.. apparently the chef is well known in the area .. I can't wait to visit this little gem again.
Traditional Mexican food with great flavor and good drinks too.Great food, service, portions, & prices. 
Complimentary Chips and salsa/pico de gallo were good.
Appetizer: shrimp caviche. All the ingredients seemed fresh, and it was packed w/ shrimp.
Dinner: The lady got the enchiladas w/ the green salsa. She loved it and couldn't finish half of it.
I got the chicken lava bowl. Excellent and just looked really cool. Again left with plenty of leftovers.
Drinks:
The x rated margarita seemed appealing,but it was happy hour and couldn't pass on the $5 house lime. Good enough for the cost. Coronas were only $3 as well. 
No room for dessert.
For one appetizer, two entrees, a margarita, two beers, tomorrows lunch and decent tip, it only set me back $70.
Minus one star because the size of the place was on the fine line between demure and just plain tight.
I would go back anytime.I've been trying to find a yummy authentic Mexican restaurant in Philly.  The restaurant itself is colourful, cute, and very small.   I was there for a late lunch, and there seemed to be only one woman working out on the restaurant floor.  
The food was good, but the service was a little slow. Yes there was only one woman working, but we were also the only diners as well... We started with the guacamole which was yummy, but tiny!   The sangria pitcher, on the other hand, was huge.  Which made us happy.  I had the cochinita pibil, which I thought was flavorful and juicy.  My fellow diners had mole, enchiladas, and a steak dish. 
Overall, the meal good, but it was a little on the pricey side.  While the menu was creative, I've had the same or better dining experiences for less $.  I probably won't be back.What a disappointing experience this was! I assume they have changed ownership because this was always a great spot for Mexican in the neighborhood. 
I attempted to eat here last night and the food was awful. We ended up leaving and canceling the last dish to go somewhere else. We ordered a salad and chicken nachos to start. The chicken nachos were a mess of cubed chicken and drenched in cheese over tortilla chips, nothing else but weird sliced tomatoes on the sides of the plate. The salad was inedible.Very cozy place with a great selection of comforting and absolutely yummy dishes. Definitely try camarones rellenosMy wife and I went to be gambilias on memorial day to have dinner, being surprised it was open. Being Mexican both of us, we got really excited when we look at the menu. We left without ordering.
I get it, it's a holiday, but 20min to ask for our drinks is way too much. Then when we finally ordered two beers we were left there to wait again. After 20 min with no beers we decided to leave. Can't believe it take that long to open a bottle and bring it to the table. Especially when the place is not even half full.
We were really hungry when we walked in, so by the time we left I was already starting to get hangry and my wife wasn't feeling good. We sat on the bar next door and got our beers and food within 20min. While eating at the bar, bugambilias'  waitress bolted out of the place asking everyone around if they had seen a customer walk out... They were loosing it today. We might come back another less hungry time to try the menu and see how authentic it is. But today the service sucked.My boyfriend and I decided their plantains and pork are part of our dream menu, along with a few favorites from other restaurants.
Definately, definately get a dish with plantains and pork. Drinks were okay and apps were a little spicy, but I'm a wimp with spices.
The place is very hard to pronounce, but a great Mexican spot, that's nicer than most authentic Mexican spots.This is a neighborhood gem! I love Mexican food so when my friend who live just one block away mentioned the restaurant I already had a feeling I would like it - and I did. The friendly service, authentic Mexican décor and cozy atmosphere alone deserves a full 5 stars! However, I was reviewing the overall experience and because I wasn't completely satisfied with my main dish I gave it 4 stars. I will be back for sure! 
It is a small restaurant but on a weeknight we had no problem getting a table for two. And we were there just in time to enjoy a happy hour drink special which ends at 7pm. $5 house made sangria or margaritas. I had a white sangria and my friend ordered a red sangria for the happy hour special. The white sangria was good - not too sweet but just the right blend of fruity flavors. 
We ordered guacamole as an appetizer to go along with the complimentary chips and salsa.  There are two salsas - mild and spicy. The mild one is a traditional pico de galla and the second one as our waitress called 'spicy' was really HOT!  I love spicy food so without hesitation I put a small spoonful of it on a chip and bit in but wow to my surprise my eyes started tearing because the spice was so powerful. It turns out there are habanero peppers in it and that is why it's so spicy. In smaller does it's really good but just beware! 
For my entrée I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar which were stuffed with shrimp, crab and lobster meat served with rice and sautéed zucchini. The enchiladas were smothered in a chipotle sauce and lots of cheese. I was surprised there was so much cheese but that added a lot of flavor to the dish. The sauce was really flavorful too. However, I was disappointed that there was not a very good portion of seafood in the enchiladas. There were a few baby shrimp in each, a forkful of crab meat and I didn't see any lobster but it may have been mixed in well.  
My friend ordered Mole Chicken Enchiladas and they were really good! Lots of chicken filled the rolled up tortillas and it was covered in a rich mole sauce. She loved her dish and I think I will order that next time."OK, But Not ¡Olé!"
My virgin voyage at Las Bugambilias was solidly, respectably 3-star.
The tortilla chips were thick-cut and tasted mainly of salt. The accompanying salsas (a soggy pico and a "this is very hot" spread-like concoction) were fine to pass the time.
Sangria (see photo) was straightforward if syrupy. I settled for sips instead of gulps ... and then forgot about it. 
Tortilla soup was served nice and hot as requested, tangy and smooth, and attractively garnished with avocado and cheese, but lacked the healing oomph and roasted nuance of Xochitl's version just up the street. 
The chicken mole (see photo) was in a long line of moles that make me yearn for ... better moles. It was perfectly acceptable but not delicious. The chicken was a bit rubbery and dry and rather than integrating with the sauce, it resisted it. The accompaniments dressed the plate handsomely but did not delight in flavor. The Spanish rice specked with peas and carrot cubes was mulch-like and past prime, the shredded salad sported the weird, though oddly standard Mexican-restaurant choice of Wishbone-esque Italian dressing, the tostones were noticeably pre-prepped, cool and a bit leaden, and the black bean puree was unseasoned and plain.
In all I found Las Bugambilias a pleasant place to dine and a welcome respite from South St. with cheerful, considerate staff, good service and a joyful vibe. I would absolutely recommend it for families, especially on a slower night. But if you're aching for a culinary sensation, Las Bugambilias won't tilt your sombrero.If this was just based on food, it would be five stars - one of the best tasting meals we have had in Philly. The restaurant seemed understaffed and staff seemed confused - we waited far too long on everything (our lunch took just under two hours)...so if you've got time to kill, go here. 
We highly recommend the enchiladas de mole and the first chicken dish on the menu (can't remember the name, sorry!).Went for a Sunday lunch. The YingYang poblano soup is not to be missed. Margaritas were excellent, just the right amount of kick and tartness. I also had the ceviche mixto which was fresh, and a good-sized portion. Really nice intimate space too. Service was really excellent and friendly. The people seemed to like working there.The food was really good, but there were a few things that spoiled the experience. We didnt have a reservation, but they had a table, so we sat. They didnt pay any attention to us. It was like we were second class. We ordered our drinks and asked for water. Well, we asked for water 4 times. Our drinks took until our entrees came. We ordered guacamole, which was great, but it came with a handful of chips. We asked for more, but were charged $2 without being told. Dont give us 5 chips then! The dessert was okay, but it said chocolate cake, but had no chocolate, but apparently was what we ordered. 
Its a cute place and great for happy hour.Yummm! Really fresh, authentic Mexican food and it's a bonus that the restaurant itself is well decorated and extremely friendly service. We just happened to be walking by and decided to stop in. No complaints - loved it!Went today with my fiancée and we ordered the guacamole to start off which was amazing. Then we ordered Jamaica margaritas which were also great. My fiancée had the tacos al pastor and I had the mole enchiladas. Everything was great and the service was excellent. Will be back soon!. 100% authentic Mexican.She said: Yum.  We visited this restaurant on a quiet Monday evening, and we had the most amazing Mexican dinner -- probably one of the best I've ever had.  (For someone who's lived several years in CA, this is kind of a big statement.)
The two especially memorable dishes were the seafood soup and the chicken dish with cactus (served in a pot made out of lava rock).  The seafood soup had generous amounts of seafood in a delicious, comforting broth.  The chicken was grilled and simmered in a delectable sauce, with melting cheese and cactus -- and it was memorably good, better than similar dishes served at other restaurants.  Its portion was generous, so you could take some home or share this entree with a friend.  My mouth is now watering.
No complaints about their homemade tortillas, tortilla chips, and sides.  The waitress was sweet and very helpful, and she recommended trying desserts (they are homemade) next time -- if I weren't stuffed, I would have certainly tried some on the spot.  I can't wait to go back, have another yummy, filling meal, and leave a little room for dessert!
He said:  I had a great time here.  We went on a nice quiet summer evening and were the only couple inside the restaurant (apparently everyone else enjoyed sweating outside).  I agree that the dinner was excellent.  The biggest highlights were the seafood soup and the lava rock dish (it may be called the molcajete pollo, but don't hold me to that).  Both were absolutely delicious, top notch Mexican.  The portion sizes were also very reasonable, we got filled up much quicker than we expected.  We also tried the spicy pineapple margarita, which was tasty but could have been a bit more spicy in my opinion.  Other stuff we tried was the Queso Chihuahua, which was tasty but ridiculously filling (it's basically a boat filled with cheese and cactus).  The one miss was the Chicken Mole.  It was all right, but a little more bitter and chocolaty than I would prefer.  All in all though, I'd highly recommend this place and will probably be back in the next couple of months.The food and the service was great, I will be going back!  (4 stars from a woman that is Mexican. ..lol)