This place is a good place to stop for a quick dinner that fulfills a specific craving for me.  I've had and loved authentic Mexican fare but I sometimes just crave the Americanized stuff I grew up with.  Las Margaritas delivers that at a fair price, with decent quality and accompanied by margaritas that are tasty and strong. The enchiladas are cheesy and the chips are crispy and fresh.  You definitely won't find anything worthy of a Michelin star here, but you will leave satisfied and, if you like margaritas, more than a little buzzed. 
My only complaint is that the wait staff always assumes that my boyfriend is paying and thanks him, even when I have handed them the check presenter full of cash myself.  It's a small annoyance, but an annoyance nonetheless.I love this place.  Margheritas are awesome.  Food is great!.  Love the Chille Rellenos!  Boyfriend loved the tacos.  I haven't had anything bad here.Good food only minus was that my martini had more vodka than lemon in it tasted like a straight shot. My friend had the salmon was awesome awesome I had the crab tacos. Tasted like lump crab meat put on a taco with salsa wouldn't recommend it. Was a busy Saturday around 9:30 seated after 3 minutes exactly but it was only two of us. Loads of people and a birthday party. So very loud atmosphere but comfortable.This place was good! Came here one day for some food that would really fill our bellies! We came around 4 on a Friday. It was busy but we walked in and got a table right away. The chips were crunchy and the salsa was chunky- Delicious!! We both got margaritas- my boyfriend had the coronarita and I had strawberry. Both were really good and pretty strong too! We got table-side guacamole- which was delicious! My only critique was the timing. We ordered our meals and received them before they came by to make the guacamole! So, needless to say our table was packed with food! WHOOPS! :) My fajitas were a really nice portion and my boyfriend got a combo that was scrumptious as well. 
Overall, affordable Mexican with large portions. I wouldn't say it was the best I ever had but it was great for the price! I would come again!its delicious!  the margarita's are bangin!  I usually get the chicken chimicangas and they are like CRACK!  only thing is...when its busy, prepare to wait and its crowded!  go early.My and my family love it here. They have great food. The place is always packed. We have ordered takeout a few times and I always feel like you wait long once you go to pick it up but it's worth it because the foods great.The food was ok but the service was terrible..terrible terrible terrible I may come back idk it depends if the meal is paid for by someone else!! The jumbo shrimp quesadillas was really good and so was the nacho with salsa.. They even made the guacamole right at the table in front of us which was cool but the other than that the service was terrible I mean horrible!!!If a place is called Las Margaritas, they'd better have phenomenal margaritas and this place lived up to it's name.  They serve big portions of food so you get your money's worth. If you come from Mexico, CA or TX, you'll have higher standards when it comes to authentic food so I recommend to order anything else other than the tacos because the carne asada lacks flavor and is dry. I have to rate a 4 out of 5 because it would be unfair to rate based on West Coast standards. For what I can find in Philly, this is the spot to get your fix. I love Las Margaritas' cheese enchiladas... mmm, sooo cheesy. I also like their camarones del diablo.Previously tried to find on Saturday but it was a 30 minute wait. We left. Tried again on a Wednesday at 5 and there were plenty of open tables. Food was fresh. Service was excellent and the food came out quickly. I stopped by for a quick bit to eat before my appointment and was able to make my appointment with time to spare. I love the quesadilla which was vegetable. Very tasty. The house salad was fresh and a good size for 3.99. The chicken taco salad was good and my dinner date has leftovers. I will most definitely return for dinner or lunch.Great food but absolutely horrible service except for 1 waiter (Sam) which wasn't even our waiter gave us more attention then our own waitress. The waitress tried charging and up charging us for items we didn't even order. Take out would have prob been a much better experience. And if you decide to eat in ask for Sam the only attentive waiter I've seen in the place.Good stuff. Never had a bad dining experience. I always leave with lunch for the next day!
AND they make some super strong Margaritas.Love this place! Always go here when craving good food.  Try their Everything Nachos which is more than enough for 2-3 people.Lunch specials are a great deal. They give complimentary chips and salsa while you wait for your food. The decor is heavily Mexican inspired with various bottles of alcohol aligning the wall separating the bar from the main dinning area. It's a festive environment. They also have a kids' menu for all of the picky little ones.   
Servings are on the large size so you'll definitely get the most of your buck.Good food, good service, I like their enchiladas but their drinks are Terrible! Their margaritas should be the best in town but they are not!... Wish they change the recipe.Best Mexican food in the northeast. Great prices on their lunch specials as well.Good lord this has gone downhill. The food is pricier and of lower quality. The servers are attentive if there is no one there but other than that there is not much going for this place.
Its official, there are no good Mexican or Tex-mex restaurants in far Northeast Philly.Cool atmosphere . Gigantic portions. I had a quesadilla trio. I was not impressed with the flavor or consistency of the meat in the quesadilla. However the Spanish rice is the best I've ever had. Our server was friendly, but service was slow. I have had much better Mexican food elsewhereI love this place, just went her tonight for dinner had the chori pollo which i highly recommend have had it three other times always good. 
The chips are awesome as in the salsa and i love  everything ive gotten from here. 
Prices are good a combo with rice and beans only 10bucks.
Its hard for me to pass up a margarita, had the frozen mango tonight delicous, but got the large and couldnt finish it.
I drive about 25 mins to get here from my place so not bad.I LOVE THIS SPOT!!!!!  Drinks are strong and very on point! I always get mango margarita and crabcake quesadilla with the onions "oh my Lord"!!!! Sometimes the bartenders and waiters seem as though they do not feel like working but never mind that stay for the drinks and food.I went on a busy Friday night but we were seated rather quickly. Service was prompt our food and drinks came fast. We ordered a pitcher of the house margarita which was watered down. After the pitcher was done I ordered a Texas margarita. Which wasn't as strong as I expected it to be either. Being a margarita girl this place let me down. The food was good. I ordered the Steak al a Mexicana with rice and a salad as my sides. My steak was a bit overcook but sit was still good. It came covered in onions which I loved. In all the experience was ok. I would come back on a less busy night.Great for margaritas however I got food poisoning after having a seafood dish here. I would still come back for drinks but I would never think of eating here againWent here for the first time about a week ago and I really enjoyed myself! The food was absolutely delicious. They give you so much food and I was full I couldn't even finish my meal. The Strawberry Margarita on the other hand I didn't quite enjoy! It taste like watered down Hawaiian Punch. I guess I'll have to try another flavor next go round!Ok, these 3 negative reviews aren't 100‰ accurate. My wife and I have been going to this restaurant for years, I do have to admit the service has gotten a little worse over the years, but nothing that would make me post  a negative review on here. The waiters have always been nice to us and got our orders right. They cannot however cook steak or shrimp right so skip that. I would go for the chicken nachos, they are amazing every time we've gotten them,  never fail. Also order a monster Margarita frozen they have different choices, they do not skimp out on liquor like your traditional Fridays or Applebees. One is enough, trust me. 
They are usually packed between 5-8 with a line out the door, but they do do takeout which is cool. Most plates are all served with rice, refried beans, and the usual trimmings that go with Mexican food. 
If you want to have a nice meal, order the following:
Chicken Nachos
Fresh tableside guacamole 
Mega Margarita 
Fajitas are pretty good, the carnitas are good too. Some of the meat does lack enough flavor, that's always been my only big complaint
Give them a shot, the place is clean and it does not smell, I've been there just a few weeks ago. The tables are kind of close to others, so ask for a booth if it's available. Don't always trust reviews on here, these guys have always seemed to work hard for my business.I love their margaritas! They're huge and taste good. They have very good nachos and tasty queso. Their taco salad is also delicious and I can't complain about it. My husband loves their chicken tacos. We continue to come back because the service is usually good and the bill is never insanely pricy!The margaritas are very very yummy but most of the food is a bit bland.  However the crab tacos are quite tasty.  The service is a bit slow but very friendlyVery good food, they also have a sister restaurant in Abington called señor salsa you should check that one out.This is one of our "go-to" destinations because of their consistently delicious food and top-notch margaritas. The one con is that the place can be crazy, noisy and extremely busy on the weekends especially. The service is good; we've been there dozens of times over the years and can probably count on one hand the times we've had less than stellar service. It is also a tad on the expensive side, but as long as they keep the portion sizes and quality on the high side, that's ok, I guess. 
Pros: good food and drinks, service
Cons: noisy when busy, tad overpricedBest Mexican food ever! The service kind of stinks, but the tasty food and delicious margaritas are well worth it!I have been here many times. Food is great, I have never had a complaint. Margaritas are amazing. .my favorite is the mango, never weak, except for happy hour lol. This is definitely my fav Mexican spot.Huge portions and good quality food at a very affordable price. The place is very busy most times I've been there. Be ready to eat as I'm not under stating the fact that the portions are HUGE.  It's a nice spot in northeast philly that has good food and drinks. It is a restaurant 1st and a bar 2nd. The place serves its purpose and is busy for that reason. It's not the best food or anything but almost like a jack of all trades in that it does a decent job in being a restaurant all around.I went here for the first time last Saturday.  6 adults and a 5 year old.  We got seated right away, we were probably early dinner rush, and they were crowded.  Fresh home made warm tortillas showed up right away with a tasty salsa.  We were given time to look at the menu after we placed our drink order.  Pitcher of Mango Margaritas were fantastic (only three drinkers in the group).  I had the chorizo tacos, it came with rice.  Two others had the enchiladas platters, which would have been my second choice.  The others had seafood quesadillas.  They looked good and they both really liked them.  I don't eat seafood, so no taste for me.  The kid got a grilled cheese.  My tacos were delicious.  The enchilada i got to taste was good too.  The desserts were passable.  I got fried ice cream.  Others got the banana something.  I say overall this place exceeded my expectations.  I was not expecting much from a NE Philly Mexican restaurant.  I had been to El Azteca years ago.  I thought it was overrated.  It beats the heck out of any of the "chain" Mexican restaurants.A good mexican place and one of the few in the northeast area of phillyGreat Mexican food at a good price. It's very rare that I have a problem here, but it has happened.  I suggest the chicken tacos margarita.  Just the right amount of spice.
The margaritas are better than most placesGiving this place a 1 star. Bartenders are horrible. Can't even get my drink order right. Margarita tasted terrrrrible...no flavor and bitter (mango and peach). Bartender rarely checked on us. To busy mingling with one single table. Save your money and go to a Chilis or On the Border better yet.The food is delicious and cheap and plentiful, which is why I wanted to give it four stars. (The menu is overwhelming, and it's all so delicious that I usually do a "pick three" option so I can bring home leftovers!) The refried beans are the stuff of dreams. And if you go there for lunch, it's definitely four stars.
But I made it three stars because, for dinner, it's extremely crowded and noisy inside (the tables are very close together, and the booths are pretty cramped), and a wait for a table can be really, really long. Normally I'm not that picky, but I find myself choosing to go elsewhere because it can be very unpleasant to wait an hour for a table and then be a foot away from a very loud and obnoxious group of people. Plus, the service is pretty average and can be incredibly slow. But the refried beans and the margarita pitchers nearly make it worth it.I've been looking for a decent Mexican restaurant in the area for a while and had yet to find one until now! Finally!!
The place was packed so my bf and I had about a 25 minute wait. We got seats at the bar and ordered a frozen lime margarita and a mojito. The mojito my bf had was awesome! I would opt for the on the rocks margaritas as the frozen ones are pre-made and come out of a slushy machine (not my cup of tea)-- It was still pretty strong though. We were seated after finishing our drinks and I had no idea what to get off the HUGE menu. We ordered the san jose special which was 3 different enchiladas with mexican rice and a quesadilla and taco. I'm a huge enchilada fan and these were delish. The quesadilla was huge for a cheap $4.50. Chips and salsa were fresh-- I always eat way too many before my entree!!
DEFINITELY will be back here. Happy hour is M-F 5-7pm--discounted margs and domestic beer.Now that El Azteca is closed, this will be my new Mexican spot. The food was good and plentiful. There was great music in the background. The service is really fast. It seems they get really busy so they make sure to clear tables fast to sit the next customers. 
You are served tortilla chips and salsa as soon as you sit. Beware, they are very addicting. Leave space for the amount of food you are about to get with your meal. I had the Carnitas. It comes with rice, beans, a small salad with guacamole on top, and of course the juicy chunks of pork all on the same plate. The food was very good but I couldn't finish it all. I have some left over for lunch :) 
The place is decorated with paintings of Mexican tradition. It is very colorful but fun. 
Las Margaritas is located at the back of a shopping plaza. There is plenty of free parking. Its a great spot to grab something quick to eat while shopping.Great food at awesome prices! I would eat here every night if I could!I was very surprised with this place! I'm very happy about what they're doing there- dishing out great food and in a timely fashion even when it's crazy packed! Good job guys :) keep it up and we will see you soonThis is a must go to Mexican restaurant. The decor and the food are both truly authentic Mexican. Our server was awesome. Being that I'm still cautious about authentic foods I went with the quesadillas and my God they were amazing, and such generous portions! Their margaritas are huge, hubs and I shared one. He got some variety of enchiladas and loved them. He's eaten here more than I have the one time but definitely a place we will return to again. 
As with most restaurants in philly this one is also in a strip mall but don't be deterred. The food will amaze you. I love finding these hidden gems that you'd otherwise just drive by. Growing up in South Jersey the whole Philly dining experience is still very new to me but I'm loving discovering places like this.Not sure how this place packs em in, except that the are very few other mexican restaurants in the NE. I've given this place 4  chances and not once walked away satisfied. Last visit was about 1 month ago and they were packed. Service sucked, the food was worse, and I almost choked on the dryness and tastelessness of their taco. Come on, how do u manage to screw up a basic condiment of the Mexican delicacy? To top it off, the waiters breath could kill a dragon!  Other meals there have been consistently poor.  Taco Bell has one up on this joint!I love this place every time I get to Philly I go for dinner here! The food is amazing and wonderful margaritas!I love Las Margaritas! Great food, strong drinks, lively atmosphere. The food is delicious! Tasty, authentic Mexican food. And the staff is always friendly. I moved to New York City recently and I've yet to find a Mexican place that's comparable to Las Margaritas.I've been going here for years. The waitstaff is very friendly! Best authentic Mexican and the platters are huge, usually served on two plates. And of course the margaritas are great!Best Mexican restaurant around. I always get the pick three combo that comes with rice and beans which are amazing. Very good happy hour prices. The staff is very good, too!Our waitress tonight was awful. She rushed us through the meal, and was overall rude and inattentive. Her name was Anna or Jessica. The food was delicious as always. I will be back but will not ever sit in her section.Small place, they offer half priced margaritas I believe on Thursday nights. The bar is tiny so if we could ever make it to happy hour it would be way cramped. The food is regular Mexican dishes,okay for the price.The server was friendly, the food was good & the company was excellent. We give it 4 sombreo's. Now if my husband would stop talking like speedy gonzalez I would be good.Great Mexican spot in the Northeast, definitely recommend you stopping in. There's options for everyone and everything I've tried on the menu has been delicious. Because it's popular, it's often full and noisy. Service is friendly and typically quick despite the crowds.They have good food bit can't get a takeout order right for anything.  It's been a year since ive been there as the orders were ALWAYS wrong.......its  become comical  So today  i figured it couldn't possibly happen again a year later ...we cant stop laughing!!!! yup it happened again. .  So when you order takeout  open every dish before you leave.It's nearby and it's good Mexican food. But it's really more of a party place, a bar, than a real restaurant. It's extremely noisy, by design, and on Friday and Saturday nights, it's 3 deep at the bar and waiting customers are standing between tables.
If you just want to eat the food, go on an off night. the service isn't great, but the food is tasty, as are the drinks. Prices are OK.
If you're a young person who likes noise and crowds, this is ideal.First time here. Was given the buzzer. Said it would be a 20 min wait. Our buzzer went off shortly after. My group immediately went to the host booth and was told our table was given away because our buzzer had been going off for over 10 mins, which was a lie. The hostess reset our buzzer and sat us down shortly after. We were only given chips, dip, and water. No one ever came back to take our order.  We waited at least 15 mins before deciding to leave. Terrible customer service.Authentic Mexican. I got the enchilada supreme that I loved ! The entree is huge and can definitely feeds two people . My friend had the Diablo shrimp entree and the spicy warning is not enough for how hot it was ! I like spicy and hot but this was on another level . Too hott in my opinion .  Margaritas were great. I will definitely go back .Always get the enchilada, two beef and one chicken. I get it with the mole sauce and spicy so it's right up my alley. Good flavors and they have table side guac which is cool. Plus they have drinks so youll have a great alcoholic beverage to accompany that good food.I love this restaurant. I've been here many  times and have never been disappointed. Food is fresh, hot and delicious! The margaritas are even better! This is great for a night out if you want to grab dinner and drinks. It's clean and the staff is very friend each and every time. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant.This place does a good business and I must admit there are by far fewer options in NE Philly than in and around center city. It doesn't come close to my favorite Mexican places in the city, but I have yet to find a better Mexican place in NE Philly so I struggle between giving it 3 and 4 stars. 
One thing I don't like is that they won't seat a party until the entire party is present. We had a group of 7 and 6 of us were present and they made us wait until the 7th person showed up. 
Portions are enormous. After eating some chips, I usually don't even get through half of my meal. I am serious that they give you so much food that I sometimes am able to get 3 meals out of an entree. Drinks are also very large. They give you a generous amount of complimentary chips and salsa and they will keep bringing the chips until you tell them no more. Food is decent. I think their veggie menu is very good. I ordered a shrimp dish on my last visit and didn't think the shrimp tasted all that fresh. From now on, I will stick to vegetarian options. From the price and portion size, I can't imagine that the meat could be the highest quality but maybe I am wrong. With the cost of food increasing, I am amazed that they can give such large portions at their prices and still make money.
The place can be a bit noisy since it is usually busy, and there always seems to be at least 1 or 2 large parties at any given time. But I enjoy coming here. Employees run around like crazy and seem like very hard workers. I would recommend this place if you are craving Mexican and happen to be in the NE.Ridiculous amount of food for a reasonable price. The service was also pretty quick. They were quite busy on a Saturday afternoon. We were brought some chips and salsa, they were delicious. I didn't take a picture of the platters. It would have been nice to have even a bit of iceberg lettuce as a garnish or some tomato. We didn't sample any meats, went all bean and cheese. I'm not sure but it seemed like a lot of american cheese stuffed in the poblano and enchilada. If you want a lot of food for your money head on over.Consistently good food. Consistently good drinks. Solid service. A favorite Mexican restaurant in the northeast!  Love the salsa.I love everything about this place. To start off their bean dip and margaritas are delicious, table side guac is amazing and their platters: my favorite is carnitas! I can't even begin to describe the flavor is outstanding ! Highly recommend for a delicious and affordable meal. The only negative is how small their waiting area is. It's uncomfortable specially during the weekend when there's a bigger crowd... other than that I have 0 complaintsService has went down hill. Went to lunch at this location and waited 20 mins and didn't get a drink even. I would stay away from this location at lunch time. This isn't a good spot if you have limited time for your lunch.In my opinion, Las has the best tasting authentic Mexican food in NE Philadelphia.  I've been going here for years-since the place opened and never had a bad experience.  There pricing is reasonable and they have budget friendly options for lunch and dinner.  The pick 2 lunch special will cost you around $8 and this same meal will cost you around $12.00 for dinner.  The pick 2 comes with rice and refried beans and your choice of entrée such as quesadilla, burrito, tostado, taco and etc.
Their margaritas are delish as well.  Served your way-fresh or frozen with sugar or salt on the rim.  Flavors include strawberry, mango, lime and more.  If you stop here during happy hour which is M-T from 5:00-7:00 you can get a regular sized margarita for $2.99.  Feel free to enjoy the free chips and salsa while you sip on your drink as well.Muy delicioso!! 
The chips and salsa are delicious, as are the huge margaritas! I have tried just about all flavors and they're pretty fabulous. It's always packed in here, which is great because I know that all of the ingredients are fresh.
My favorite entree is the taco salad. I'm salivating just thinking about it. HUGE portions and fresh food.
The only thing that I don't love about Las Margaritas is that every dish has refried beans, and you don't have an option to have black beans or pinto beans instead. I'd rather have a black bean burrito than a refried bean burrito, so that's the only negative. 
Otherwise this is an excellent place for small and large groups, and almost any occasion.**Update**
Sat at the bar on 6/20/18 around 630P. Prompt service and chips with salsa.
My margarita was barely frozen and tasted like pure sugar. Did not enjoy it for $9, couldn't even finish. The pina colada was very good though. Order California tacos and the order came out wrong but we still ate it. The pick three combo, the beef tacos were extremely dry and the chicken quesadilla was so wet that it almost ripped the tortilla. Not enjoyable. Won't be back for a while.The food quality has gone downhill since I first started coming here a couple of years ago. They still serve ok tasting food but overall, it used to be much better. The rice is very mushy and buttery, the refried beans are too salty, the chile relleno tasted old and the sauce must've been some prefab canned sauce because it didn't have the same fresh and clean tastes before. The chicken burrito was bland but the tacos and fajitas are still great and they offer guacamole made fresh - all very hefty portions. The service is always great, friendly, and fast; and  the bar is a good place to hang out and grab a beer while waiting for a table.I went to Las Margarita's for one reason. I wanted a Margarita. Not an alcoholic slushy, but a true Margarita. One like this:
1 ounce tequila
Dash of Triple Sec
Juice of 1/2 lime or lemon
Pour over crushed ice, stir. Rub the rim of a stem glass with rind of lemon or lime, spin in salt--pour, and sip
So, I ordered a margarita, and I figured I'd get a late lunch too, so I got the Tacos De Camaron (Shrimp tacos). The tacos were good. Not great, not terrible, but good. The margarita was a damned premix poured over ice in a cactus themed plastic cup, with an orange slice garnish. WHAT THE HELL? Read the recipe I posted again for how to make a Margarita. Is what I got even close? I went for one reason, one drink, and seeing how the name of the place is the name of the drink I wanted, I went in with high expectations. They failed to meet my expectations. They'd get 0 stars if I was allowed, and if I could technically do that. They get 2 because the tacos deserve 3, but the drink brought it down to two.I love this place!! Amazing margaritas and delicious food! And not expensive at all. Really love the complimentary chips and salsaMy first time visiting.  Excellent service, very good food.  The best Fish Taco I've had in a long the food and atmosphere lent to the authenticity matched by the gracious, attentive servers.  
I can't wait until my next visit so I can write a 5 review!A couple of us girls got together and decided to dive into some drinks after a movie. It was Saturday, around 4 or 5pm and definitely crowded, but not a long wait. We grabbed the first margaritas at the bar and probably 15 minutes later we had a table.
The booths were cozy and the drinks were strong.
My two favorite dishes on the table: Queso Fundido and the Chicken Nachos. 
Best friggin chicken nachos I've had in a long time. Everything was perfect about them; the layers were evenly proportioned with the cheese, chicken and peppers. The flavors were mouthwatering. And the Queso Fundido- you'll want to lick the bowl.. 
Several margaritas later and you're ready to go and will happily come back.The "Best Mexican" restaurant in Philly by far! Try the pork carnitas, you won't be disappointed. The seaters are terrible, but the food will make up for their lack of common sense.I am not a big fan of Mexican food but everyone I know loves this place.  It is always crowded somewhat of a wait.  The Margaritas are excellent!  Which is why its a great place for girls nights out.  They give you a big portion of food and the prices are very reasonable. Great for lunch or dinner.The portions are huge, and the food is great! You definitely won't be disappointed if you come here. The verde enchiladas were delicious. They have a big menu, so there's lots of options...and the prices aren't so bad either!Always a great place to go to meet great friends... and i lovvvvve their chips and salsa, its a must have :)Always crowded but worth the wait. Great salsa and their combos are affordable and give you a lot of food. Probably my favorite restaurant in NE Philly. Be careful though, those Monster Margs are deadly!This is a great place to take a date on Friday or Saturday night. The atmosphere is nice, tables are newer and seating is spacious. Also on these nights there is a Mariachi singer/guitar player that will do serenades if you request it, otherwise he wanders the restaurant singing to everyone.
There are other Mexican places in the Northeast that are better on quality & price, but this place has great atmosphere & the live music makes it a real treat!Please perform a fast before you come here and don't partake in any life changing decisions after because you will be struggling through a Mexican food coma, especially if you decided to add refried or black beans as a side dish.
I give this place 3.5 stars but Yelp doesn't allow 1/2 star ratings. Place is overall "a-ok", but if you are judging only for this neighborhood area then it gets a four stars. Food is ok - for deal seekers this place is certainly one! I'd highly recommend the soft tacos here, very fresh. Service is ok/pretty good and they are fast. 
Craving for fish? Have the fish tacos. Craving for beef? Have the beef tacos. You get my point. Have the tacos (it comes only in soft shell). Comes with Mexican rice and salad topped with fresh avocado/tomatoes as a fresh salad "topping". Not in the mood for tacos? Go for the fajitas. For drinks - it's called Las Margaritas for a reason. Get the Strawberry Margarita, it's the special here, served in a knockout sized glass with a green cactus as a glass stem, befitting for the theme of the restaurant.
Upon sitting down they serve you nachos and salsa - it's unlimited. But remember your appetite is limited so control yourself! The salsa is fresh but a tad bland for me, though I do realize they may have to tame it down for the mix of local clientele.
Watch out for the green bottle of authentic Mexican habanero sauce that is with the condiment rack on the side of the table. It's good, but the hotness creeps in slowly, so top on slowly.
Please don't make any comparisons to Taco Bell here. They serve fresh stuff and a kicking margarita at decent prices. The soft taco entree is shareable between two girls.
If you don't plan to waste food and plan to consume your entire American super size me portion, I'd suggest you pull on your favorite Abercombie and Fitch sweatpants before you come here. This is a casual environment so it's okay, and at least your stomach won't cramp up from being restricted!This is one of my favorite places to go grab some food and of course a monster margarita. Every time I come here it's super fast service. Often times there is a wait when I come to this location but the wait always goes by quickly and they clean/bus tables so fast to have us in and out. 
(Their chicken is my favorite I don't know how it is made but It's the best!)I'll be the one to say it. The food here sucks. I think these million awesome reviews had to have been left by people who had a few drinks first and that skewed their taste buds. I will say that I did enjoy the drinks, but for me the drive from West Philly just wasn't worth it for the overall experience. Our crab dip was so watered down it was hard to get any on the chip because it kept sliding off. I had to add salt and pepper because there was NO flavor to the dip at all.  Most of all I tried to keep it safe by order a simple chicken quesadilla. After what felt like hours of waiting it comes out I take one bite and spit it out. The cheese it it was not only ridiculously thick, but solidified. Not even melted. Seriously? I took it to my nephews and they said it was the most amazing grilled cheese sandwich they ever had. Think about it.AWESOME Experience!!  Food was great as well as the service...Place was packed with friendly people who were out on a Friday night enjoying drink, laughs and amazing Mexican food!!  Highly recommend if you like Mexican food or margaritas!!My go to Mexican eatery!
Always great service.
Always great food.
Great margaritas!
I go there quite often.  Never disappointed.
I've also eaten at their NE Philly place.
You will not be disappointedThe food is good but the service is horrible. The last two times it took approximately 30 minutes each time just to place our order.  There are better establishments around.Stopped by for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  Margaritas it's a great restaurant with great food at a great price.  Highly recommend if you are in the area.So I'm not one to judge Mexican food seeing as though the only thing I like are Nachos, Salsa, and Guacamole (all are good here) but I will say their margaritas and martinis are some of the best ever. Mexicans know how to make an alcoholic drink a drink. Aside from their margaritas, the pomegranate, apple, and chocolate martinis are all great. 
The shrimp cocktail is also very good because it is more like a ceviche. It is in a tomato sauce and mixed with chunks of avocado, serves in a monster glass. Their deserts are also yummy.Took an hour to get our food. Ordered chicken fajitas and they were cold when I got them so I had to send it back. Food was not bad but nothing special.5 stars for their margaritas and chicken quesadillas. I can only speak to these two items because they are so delicious that i have never even ordered anything else!When I could eat here it was good.  Can't eat much of this kind of food anymore, getting old...lol.  There chips are a bit greasy but they were good.  There guacamole is delicious.  I would just get a bowl of it not where they make it in front of you.  That cost more and doesn't taste much different.  There burritos are good but sometimes they put to much onion in for me.  There tacos are very good.  There refried beans are very good and their rice.  Best mexican food around.The food is average....you can get better if you go downtown or to
Manayunk....I give it two stars and an extra star for the 2.99 margaritasBy far one of my most favorite Mexican restaurant in Northeast Philadelphia! The margaritas are absolutely amazing. The amount of food for the price is absolutely great for family and friend get togethers. They do have a happy hour, which I suggest you to get there early because high top tables snd the bar fills up very quickly. Hours fly by while sipping margaritas and eating there free chips and salsa! Great family and hang out restaurant overall A+!to preface:  on tuesday 3/3 i ate a very delicious italian hoagie at 5pm, expecting it to be the last thing i could eat for a while.  on wednesday 3/4 i had my wisdom teeth extracted.  the next five days were a blur of felicity marathons, the midnight premiere of watchmen (mistake on a few levels), oxycodone, extreme hunger, and self-loathing.  real food was not a part of my life and i missed it dearly.  there's only so much apple sauce i can eat and only so much chocolate boost i can drink.
the review:  i met up with a college friend i'd lost touch with and after hanging out and catching up, we decided to grab some food.  somehow we ended up here.  i've only been here once before and for some reason that experience was less than memorable. on wednesday 3/11 las margaritas became the she-wolf that nurtured me until i felt as powerful as both romulus & remus and ready to found a great empire.
they have a pretty extensive menu but i landed on the very ambiguous "mexico special".  i don't recall the exact description but it was really just a chicken burrito with lettuce, tomato, and sour cream served with refried beans and rice.  i forgot to ask for black beans instead of refried, which i thought i would regret. 
after ordering i closed my menu and politely handed it back to my server, expecting something chewable and acceptable enough.  what i got was the most surprisingly delicious mexican tastiness i've encountered in recent memory.  i expected the chicken to be tiny little pieces of unidentifiable shredded dark meat.  what i got were large, fresh chunks of white meat chicken.  without the lettuce, tomato and sour cream on top, the burrito would've been just so-so, but together it was really fresh and tasty.  i was doing so well chewing (my first real attempt since the surgery), i decided to at least try the refried.  i usually hate them.  these tasted like God made them.  the rice was just okay, but i scarfed that down too. 
 i'm the kind of girl who orders the biggest thing on the menu and then leaves a great amount of the order sitting on the plate, destined to end up in styrofoam purgatory on the bottom shelf of my fridge.  i ate everything.  everything.  it's lucky the server came by (finally) and retrieved the plate.  no kidding.
i'll say this, i don't know if it was just that i was generally food-deprived for a solid week that made me enjoy my meal so much, but i really did.  thoroughly.
although i didn't drink the other night, from previous experience i can tell you the margaritas are superb.  i was jealous of everyone around me drinking them.
this place loses points for:  
-service:  our server only came by three times on his own (take order, deliver order, deliver check) and i was in desperate need of more water on a few occasions.  we had to flag him down multiple times because we wanted refills on our drinks.  we also had to flag him down so we could pay and leave.  i hate that.
-seating:  sometimes a loud, cramped restaurant is exactly what you need.  but i'm not a fan of being so close to the table next to me on a bench seat that when the lady gets up to leave i first get her vagomach about 2 centimeters from my face and then when she turns to get her purse and coat, her ass hovering precariously over my plate.  
-parking:  this place is in a strip mall.  ever since they opened retro fitness right next door, it's impossible to park in a real spot.  it's not the restaurant's fault, but it's still annoying to have to be a parking space vulture when you're not even in center city.Food was horrible service don't even get me started the place smells bad and the waiters only care about moneyYum! drinks are great. Guacamole is made in front of you which i thought was different.Loved  the food and the waitress that served us was really nice and  professional . Great place to eat around the northeast and it won't cost you a lot and anHad lunch here the other day and it was delicious! You get a lot of food for a great price so come here hungry. I gave it 4 stars because the seating is a bit cramped and I felt like other diners were on top of me while I was trying to eat.Average place for Tex Mex. Reasonably price menu. Awesome margaritas! Their food portions are huge! You'll definitely have some leftovers to take home.Writing this review makes me hungry for it!! Their taco salad is amazing, their tacos are divine and the margaritas are pretty authentic! The wait at nights is pretty rough, I usually go at an off-time for lunch. The staff is okay they don't say much but I don't ask for suggestions cause I know what I want so I never had to expirence that. Sometimes it can be hard to hear but its a small space. Nice for a girls lunch, my boyfriend hates it, he thinks the decor is tacky but seriously you don't go there to look at the paintings on the walls and the upholstery and when your drunk off margaritas you don't care.Love this restaurant. Everything I ever tried here is fresh and delicious. Great margaritas!Always have a good meal here and it is always requested by family when they come and visit me. Love the Mexican Flag dish one of my favorites.Mexican burritos are not made with unseasoned ground beef and gooey white plastic cheese sauce. The salsa was unbelievably bland. Can't understand why this place gets such good reviews; giving two stars because the service was good. In terms of food it was worse than forgettable.I been to this place many times. I called ahead for three people and still had to wait 30 minutes but I'm guessing since it was a Saturday night (7pm) but the food is great and for the price you get a good amount. And their drinks are to die for, they are not cheap on the alcohol! I had a small strawberry banana slushy drink and it was GOOOOOOD! The best part is when you have a birthday , the whole place sings happy birthday and they put this Big sombrero on your head and give you a double shot of patronHonestly one of the worst Mexican restaurants I've ever been to. There was a strong smell when we walked in. My fiancé thought it was bad fish but we ignored that (bad choice). A disclaimer though for reference is that we really are not the complaining type because we have both worked in the service industry and we know how hard it can be. 
Drinks: I ordered their Texas margarita. It was SO strong. Like not edible. I'm all for strong drinks. Seriously. But this was not something I could handle. 
My fiancé ordered a Long Island iced tea. And just like me he is always excited to get a strong drink that isn't watered down. But his was also way too strong and badly mixed making it taste terrible. 
Food: I ordered the chicken fajitas which came with rice, beans, wrap tortillas as well as sour cream, guacamole and pico de gallo. 
The beans were I'm assuming refried which is fine but they actually looked like they were already eaten. A small dot of cheese covered the literally greyish colored beans. The rice was a poor excuse for Mexican rice. The chicken was cut like it was Chinese food. Like it was stir fried or something. It didn't taste that bad but it was very very bland. Even the peppers and onions had very little taste. The guacamole they served  actually tasted like something I've had before...at subway ! It tasted like subway guacamole which is prepackaged. I ate maybe 1/4 of my food. 
My fiancé got beef quesadillas which came with rice, side salad as well as sour creams, guacamole and pico. When it came the first thing I noticed was that they didn't even cut the quesadillas. I thought hey maybe that is super authentic even more authentic then the real Mexican places we've been to. The beef was hard and bland. The rice was the same. He only ate 2-3 bites before giving up on it as well. 
When we quickly asked for the check our waitress (who was super sweet) asked if we wanted boxes. We kindly said no and she was surprised. And that's when my fiancé said he personally didn't like the food. And she said oh okay. And walked away. She came back apologizing that we were unsatisfied. She had gone and  asked her manager to take off our charges but he only let her take off the quesadillas which was kind enough.  
Being the kind of person I am who doesn't want to waste alcohol I started to try and drink my drink while we waited for our check. I only managed maybe 4 sips before we were good to leave. I started feeling light headed and sick. We stopped at wawa and I threw up. 
When My fiancé and I saw the amazing reviews on yelp and were so excited  to try it and  it being so close to his new apartment but it ended up being such a disappointment. 
If you're into bland food and severely cheap liquor this is the kind of place for you. I can't even say it's a place we'd go back to for their super cheap happy hour. There's a reason the drinks can be so cheap...Best Mexican in the area!! Menu offers something for everyone. All vegetarian dishes are delicious. Can't go wrong with the banana dessert. Servers are friendly and attentive. Was there twice last week- will be back soon.Cons- Super crowded & stuffy, very loud & LOTS of "riff-raff" from all over Philly. Usually a VERY long wait for dinner..especially Thurs-Sun. 
Pros- Very nice servers, tasty, strong margaritas..good food and plentiful for the price.Very good food and atmosphere. The restaurant is very well priced and the waitresses and waiters are very nice.  It can get a little to loud but overall I do like to go eat Mexican food.I normally come during the week and sit at the bar. But on this visit I sat at a table. It was a litte loud from the back area which is expected for a Saturday night. We order 2 drinks they came quickly from the bar. Our waiter came back maybe 10 minute after we got our drinks we order the burger and I got the grill chicken. All most 20 mins went by no food another 10 still no food.....we waited 45 minutes for our food we were already on our 2nd drinks. It shouldn't take this long for a burger and grilled chicken. They finally brought our food it was cold cold like it was sitting. I sent it back thinking I was getting a new plate..nope the reheatedThey are making another las margarita on old York rd in front of Abington hospital and let me tell you I can't wait on top of the 6$ lunches and great late nite margaritas I don't no what's better  So I love this place and Abington will tooThis is my favorite place for drinks and only drinks after lastnite. The food is usually really good.....then it came out....we ordered 3 porky porky and they were all BONE DRY! No pork chop should ever be bone dry, the other 2 people ordered chicken and shrimp also dry. Everything was over cooked. We told the waitress and they gave us 2 free desserts....never ever again will I order food.  And to top it off the waitress added her tip onto the cc when we didn't request it so she got her 18% for food that was horrible!  I used to rant and rave about this place but no more. Never ever again will I order food!Went there for my very first time last night with my husband, despite the mixed reviews. Yes it was crowded, yes it was loud, yes the bar is small, but yes the food was delicious, yes our waiter was nice and attentive, and yes the chips were fresh, warm and delicious. I agree a tad bland but that's most likely because they have Americanized their dishes. I had a strawberry margarita that was huge and strong and put me on my a**.   For my entree I had the los amigos and my husband had the enchiladas verdes both huge and delicious.  For desert I had the brownie bottom pie (warning: its not just the brownie, it also comes with fried ice cream with a ton of whipped cream and chocolate drizzle) but that BROWNIE melts in your mouth its light fluffy and warm.  My husband had the fried ice cream, which he enjoyed,  if you've never had fried ice cream there is coconut in it, it doesn't list it on then menu so if u don't like or are allergic to it don't order the fried ice cream. Overall I enjoyed myself,  its 9mins from my house and I will def. return.I have an embarrassing secret to tell.
Despite my love of food, and being the big boy I am...Prior to my experience here, the closest  to real Mexican food I've had is Taco Bell.
Las Margaritas isn't really "Authentic Mexican" but its a whole different ball park than places like Taco Bell or Hardee's Red Burrito. Now, admittedly i have limited experience with Mexican food, but my taste buds work just right, and Las Margarita's is good with a capital G.
I grabbed their "Pick 3" create your own combo which is a sick deal, and an insane amount of food depending on what you chose. I opted for a Cheese Enchilada, a Beef Burrito, and a Chicken Quesadilla. Every combo is served with rice and re-fried beans.
Lets start on a low note, and get the little bad out of the way before extolling the virtues. Admittedly, the beef here was underwhelming. Texture was perfect, but it lacked flavor. The tortilla also didn't hold up too well to the oil/moisture of the beef. Fortunately, the burrito was saved by the generous helping of cheese  plastered over everything on the one plate which was superb.
Refried beans were a tad bit less solid than id have liked, and didn't pack as much as a flavor punch as if have liked, but admittedly paired very well with the extremely flavorful cheese in use. Speaking of cheese though, the Cheese Enchilada was heavenly, and got itself mixed with bites of everything else on my plate.
Last but not least was the Chicken Quesadilla, which was massive in its own right. Admittedly the chicken was a bit greasy, but the tortilla held up fantastically. Texture and flavor were both on point for the chicken itself, and to top it off the quesadilla got its own helping of the fantastic cheese in use here all to its lonesome, deep inside.
Prep time here is fairly average, maybe ab it on the slower side given the number of patrons and time of night i visited. Prices are reasonable, portions are massive, and the location is fairly well kept at least in the table section.
Suffice to say, Las Margaritas was a fun ride outside of my comfort zone, and an amazing value proposition. For $13 i had a meal i could barely finish, and Burritos and Enchiladas are small compared to the massive Quesadilla's here, a normal person could order 3 quesadilla's and easily get 2~3 meals out of it.
Flavor & Presentation 4/5   |   Speed & Service  3/5   |   Pricing & Portions  4.5/5
Overall  4/5Words aren't needed the wait is usually insanely long but the food makes up for it. I usually sit with my gf's at the bar when we can't handle the wait.Love the fajitas! They give you more then enough for a great price.  I always judge a Mexican restaurant on their fajitas and margaritas.  This place knows what they are doing!  I have been here more times than I can count.  The place is huge too a lot of different dining room areas and a bar area.  The atmosphere is colorful and full of artwork from the tables to the walls.  Great place highly recommend!Yes! I rated this 4 stars because I consider 5 to be the best food I've ever had. This wasn't the best meal I've ever had but it was really really good. The place was super busy and everyone seemed to be really enjoying themselves. I didn't order the guacamole appetizer, but the table next to me did, and they actually make it right at your table-- from beginning to end, starting by scooping the avocado right from its shell. My mom had the Enchiladas Verdes and she really enjoyed it, I also tried it and I too would definitely recommend it. I had the Burritos de Casa. Mine was really good too and the salsa and guacamole served with it were really good. Of the two dishes, I probably would order the Enchiladas Verdes or  ask for the Burritos de Casa to be served with Verdes Sauce. For dessert, we ordered the flan. It was the best flan I've ever had. We didn't have adult beverages, but they looked good and there are several flavors to choose from. This would definitely be a fun place to come with friends, great food, huge drinks, and great atmosphere.If you haven't had a Margaret here you just haven't had a Margareta   oh by the way they have food to perty good also.  did I tell you about the Margareta ??I really love the salsa and chips here. The food is pretty decent & there's definitely a Mexican vibe atmosphere. Also the waiters are friendly! The only problem is sometimes the food is cold and it's a hit or miss with alcohol rules.Delicious food! I was about 7 months pregnant when we stopped in to eat. The place was packed but we were seated pretty fast for a table of 4. We ordered table side guac and of course had the free salsa and chips. Both were very good. Being that I was with child I had a virgin mango margarita. It was sooo good. I cannot imagine what it taste like with tequila. The server was very nice. She was patient with us, since the menu is huge we had a hard time figuring out what dish to order, and answered all of our questions with a smile. I had the taquitos and my husband ordered a combo meal where he picked 3 different things. ie burrito, taco, quesadilla, enchilada, etc. He enjoyed his food but was even more excited about the amount of food he was given. It was a lot! My taquitos were good however, we did take out a couple of weeks ago and i ordered the burrito de casa. It came with one chicken and one steak burrito. It was so tasty! It was seasoned just right and the rice and beans were delicious! If you want a good Mexican place to eat at Las Margaritas is itWent to dinner at this old haunt tonight.  Hadn't been for a few years.  The food was as delicious and well made , served piping hot just as I remembered.  Salsa and chips were wonderful, a wide varied menu and priced reasonably.  Service was quick and expedient but not rushed. Lovely Mexican atmosphere, very colorful but tastefully done. Chicken was so tasty, fresh, and lightly seasoned, highly recommend. Too full for desert, maybe next time.  Best refried beans and yellow rice in town, black beans were excellent too.Awesome!!! The only issue with this place is that it is small. The prices are great. Since I've gone to this place, I have not been to a Taco Bell since. I go there once a month and it seems to get better everytime I go.I love the Mexican food from this place. More authentic than On the Border. Plus their frozen strawberry mango margaritas are GREAT!Really good Mexican at a great price. The lunch specials are totally worth it. You get large proportions for a great price.AMAZING!!!! The best Mexican food around. The margaritas are made to perfection and they are strong, the definitely a plus in my book. Also they make the quacamole right at your table, it doesn't get any more fresh or authentic. Theres also bar seating if you don't want to wait. The wait on the weekends can be a pain but just know the wait is well worth it!!! Any chance I get I go to Las Margaritas for a margarita, some quac and there fajitas!!!When this place was just a small Mexican joint on Bustleton Avenue with no liquor license, it was always packed.  Only the locals knew of it's existence so they had to expand and boy, did they!  The quality of food is the same but it's bigger, brighter and now has the special margaritas and a nice selection of beers.  
Have Francisco make you one of his specialty drinks at the bar and he will be glad to recommend something to compliment  it on the menu.   The service here is top notch and it's a great place to go with friends.  It's a tame party atmosphere - lively good music and friendly people.  I have always walked out full and happy.  
P.S. The chicken nachos rockAlways an above average meal here. The margaritas and piña coladas have never disappointed. I enjoy the lunch specials too! They're usually a good deal also. I usually get the fajitas for $7 which makes you not want dinner. 
My only disappointment here is the guacamole. I love guacamole and wish theirs was better. It's never salted and it always tastes like it could use more cilantro. I would've gladly given this place 5 stars if it could get it's guac together. 
Overall, good, cheap Mexican food that leaves you feeling ready for a nap.I had went there back in 2010, the service was great and the food cheap but when I say cheap don't think kfc or food trucks although sometimes don't disappoint especially food trucks.
But the food here was cheap and oversized and delicious omg idk how they have such great quality food and the sharing is caveman sized. 
It's perfect for foodies and greedy people.
I will be going to visit in Monday again a and will post picsCustomer service is awful! My coworkers and I decided to go to Las Margaritas for lunch. They have a chicken fajita lunch special for $4.99 and I decided to order it. When I got the bill the charged me $15.99. Since I ordered a chicken fajita during lunch time and they were advertising their special I assumed I'd be getting the lunch special but no. The waiter never even asked if I wanted a lunch special or dinner. The manager would not give me the lunch special price since I already ate some of the food. The customer service here is absolutely horrible and they lost some loyal customers. Just remember if you're eating lunch here make sure you say lunch or they'll charge you dinner prices and they won't clarify if you're ordering lunch or dinner... such BS!!I have to say this is one of the better mexican restaurants in the area. It's small and local but the food rivals that of any chain food restaurant and is very good. If you like to drink there's a small bar where you can order drinks as well but the food is the highlight here. 
It's a great place to go eat with family and friends. I also see plenty of people here bring their dates here to eat as well.
The only drawback here for me is that a lot of mexican dishes use a lot of cheese in their ingredients and I happen to be lactose intolerant.
That being said while delicious I often go for the less tasty dishes with a minimal amount of cheese instead.I love the food at this place. They have some good quesadillas. The staff is always nice and pleasant. My only complaint is that the lighting is too dark. I'm not sure if they are trying to save on the electric bill or if they are trying to create a romantic atmosphere but either way it doesn't work. It just feels creepy. Their only saving grace is the food. When they pay their electric bill and actual turn on the lights than maybe I'll give them 5 stars.I love Mexican food and this place hit the spot. Way more food was served than I could ever eat in one sitting and it was more authentic than I was expecting... Not that I'm an expert or anything though. It's in a strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is cute and colorful like you would expect from a Mexican restaurant. The staff was friendly and attentive and the food was tasty. I'll definitely be back again.I came here not too long ago with my friends. I ordered the Carne Asada. And in my Pinyan it was the best I've had ever. There was the right amount of onions to steak to cilantro, basically a good amount of everything. I love the environment as well it's pretty nice looks you're in a Latin country.This place has the best tasting Mexican food in the Philly area.  The chips and salsa are very good (and very filling).  The margaritas are big and strong.  I typically the order the Camarones a la diabla and it is delicious (but you better be able to handle some heat).  My wife is vegetarian and usually gets the veggie combos (which is also very delicious).  The refried beans at this place are to die for.  One negative is that the service seems to have gone downhill the past year.  The waiters usually don't check on you very often.  Another downside is that the wait can be very long if you go on a Friday or Saturday evening.  They do have a bar area but it's fairly small.  The place is also a little cramped so not ideal if you have a party larger than 4.I have eaten here twice. The first time the food was good. My friend and I shared two lunch specials consisting of steak fajitas and chicken quesadillas. The waiter was a little slow but I had a good enough experience to want to come back a second time. I went today with my son and husband. They both are very picky so I made sure to double check that tacos and quesadillas only has meat and cheese, no veggies of any kind. Of course they came out with peppers and onions and he said the mix was all made like that. I realize the language barrier was the problem. My husband picked his stuff out and my son ate nothing but the free chips offered. I didn't think the beef tacos had any real flavor and the chicken quesadilla was more like a bland chicken taco, it was nothing like when I had it previously. Again, I am thinking the language barrier messed things up. I have been to On the Border a few times and I found the food to be too Mexican flavored and Las Margaritas was not Mexican enough. Our waiter was nice and prompt today but the mess up with the food will not have me coming back again. I will stick to home made tacos or Taco Bell.Yummmm!!! Delicious food and good Margarita's. The wait can be a little long around dinner but otherwise a great spot for Mexican food.I lived in Arizona for 2 years.  Even the breakfast cereal had salsa and tortillas in it.  This is as close to authentic mexican your getting in the northeast.  Well, since Tacos Lucas closed anyway.  For the record, I love the carnitas.  And who the hell orders nachos.  They come for FREE!  
I will vouch for this place.  Oh, and they run coupons in the NE Times every other week!This place is great.  Delicious, fresh, inexpensive mexican food.  I always leave stuffed! Nothing fancy here, just good food, good service, good price.  Great place when craving Mexican!GREAT food and nice atmosphere - it was packed on a Thursday and even had a line out the door when we left. What restaurant has a line on a random Thursday? Only the good ones.Best authentic Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia. You must have the mango frozen margarita, the first time I had this was at this places yrs ago. Now, you can find the mango frozen margaritas at other places, but is not the same as here. This is the real
deal.  Best Mexican restaurant in the city for sure.This place is awesome not only are there prices very reasonable there margaritas are to die for and definitely do the trick if your having a bad day lol the frozen margarita with sugar on the rim is my favorite there proportions are pretty big to you get a whole plate of sides when you order tacos fajita etcOne can't really have a complaint about this place. Its fun, with toe-tapping music and great food!
I've frequented this place in the last few years because its probably the best Mexican restaurant close to where I live. 
They provide you with your standard chips and dip while you wait on your main dish. Nothing too extravagant on their menu that you can't find at any other Mexican joint, but its all about the atmosphere and effort they put into you having an enjoyable time, I think. This place gives you a good feeling and its always been a joy to stop in there for a quick dinner.I used to really like this place but the last two times we went it was shady.  First of the most recent we had a good meal but our credit card number was stolen.  Chalking this up to a rogue, thieving employee, we went back as a large party.  The server added $29 gratuity to our check, didn't tell us, tried to hide it on the bill, AND added the check incorrectly increasing the total by $12.  We will not go back.Pretty decent food, and comes out quick.  Only complaint is some of the staff English speaking is not super great and becomes very loud!!!Love, love, love this place! Great food, authentic atmosphere and delicious margaritas!!!I don't love Las Margaritas, but it'll do when I am in the mood for some fajitas and don't feel like driving too far.Since I've moved to Center City Philadelphia, I miss this place more and more.  Las Margaritas gives you chips and salsa as soon as you sit down at the table.  The salsa is delish and the chips are salted just enough.  Go during lunch time during the week if you can. The amount of food you get for the price is a steal.  I usually get the chicken quesadilla.  Also, you get a nice serving of rice and beans along with your meal.  Overall, the service and food has always been great and I always have enough left overs for another meal the next day.This place has the best Mexican food in Philadelphia I love bringing some home too because it taste even better.Service was pretty slow and the drinks were just ok. Overwhelmingly hot sitting at the bar. No air and extremely uncomfortable. Nachos were meh. Overall not too impressed. Too far out and not worth a repeat visit. Rather go dowtown where the mexican food is tasty and the service is better. I'll pass on this placeThis is one of the best places in that area. Always busy. Weekend nights often need to wait to be seated but that's took me like 5-15 min no longer. 
I love what they serve there. Tried many different dishes and never had even single complain. And drinks are great too. Also prices are not high. 5 stars!I don't usually give 5 stars, but my family & I love this place. We have never been disappointed. We usually get the chicken nachos & it is enormous. We always walk out with left overs because the portions are huge. Margaritas are HEAVENLY!!! We come here with friends every Valentine's day for our friend's birthday. We did get an awkward moment. A waitress (not ours) was walking by & just stopped dead in her tracks and mean mugged the group of kids we had at the other end of the table. Ok, yes, all the kids were rowdy, but it pissed me off that the waitress did this. We were well aware the kids were acting like butt nuggets but we were trying to celebrate without judgment. Still giving 5 stars because the food is spectacular.I absolutely love this place! Very clean & what I love the most is that it's family oriented! It can get just a bit loud on the weekend but nothing outrageous! The food IS AMAZING & COMPLETELY FRESH! The waitresses are very nice!!I've always enjoyed coming here for happy hour it was always a good time bar would be packed and people would be enjoying themselves. I went yesterday for happy hour and to my surprise they changed the times from 5-7pm to 3-5pm. This used to be the place for afterwork happy hour but who can make it here by 3pm. Seems greedy and selfish however I see if backfiring as the bar in the afternoon was always full and I arrived yesterday towards the end of happy hour and there was no one there.Awesome margaritas!! Friendly staff, cute atmosphere. DEFINITELY try this spot out for a nice Mexican meal/drinks!!!Some of Thee Best Mexican food!! Sit down and start of with a Dos Equis draft or a Margarita if you prefer. Nachos & salsa, also order the Queso Fundido for the nachos which is a cheese dip with chorizo. Order just about anything on the menu and you will be more than happy. I don't recommend making plans after this cause you we probably need a napI love this place, not so much for the food but the atmosphere and customer service. Their happy hour offers decent specials however they've changed the time from 5-7p to 3-5p which is almost impossible to make but I think that was the point. It's usually pretty crowded during that time although the specials are only at the bar.Cool atmosphere . Gigantic portions. I had a quesadilla trio. I was not impressed with the flavor or consistency of the meat in the quesadilla. However the Spanish rice is the best I've ever had. Our server was friendly, but service was slow. I have had much better Mexican food elsewhereMy family's go-to for celebratory meals, Valentine dinner, random Thursday...always fresh, delicious and served promptly by a friendly face.  Best mojitos around for sure!Great service, drinks and food.  Went around  4:30.. wasn't crowded until about 6:30 but it was friday of course.. second time there and not disappointed.  Will definitely go againMy friends and I ate dinner here last night and after paying we lingered at the table for a few minutes finishing up a quick conversation. Apparently this was not okay with the server because he literally walked up to our table and said out loud that we had to leave because there was a group of people waiting for us to get up. Now, I served as a waitress for 3 years myself back in 2006-2009 and this is the worst thing you can possibly do or say to a paying customer who has just enjoyed their food and service. I am so offended.Best place to go if your looking for a good margarita! They make fantastic margaritas that come in a regular, large and monster size...even the regular is big so you definitely can't go wrong. As food the food they make decent Mexican food...the salsa that they serve with their basket of chips is SO good you can taste the fresh herbs and there is just the perfect amount of heat to it. The service was ehh...we had to ask multiple times for more napkins and our waiter forgot to bring us more salsa even after we asked for it twice, but if your looking for a good drink and some decent Mexican food afterwork this is definitely the place to go.Every time we go to this spot it's cracking! Wall to wall people. Went there back to back weekends (so dope I had to double up) and had this dish that was scribbled on the board as you walk in called the Pinã Loca and it was amazeballs... (I know, I know... I'm showing my corny side)...it had chicken, shrimp and steak (minus the chorizo) served in a scooped out pineapple. Rice, beans, guac, salsa & sour cream on the side with some tortillas so u can make your own wraps.... My wife isn't a meat eater so she had the salmon burrito which was amazing as well (so much so that she only let me get a spoonful then threatened to stab me with her fork if I looked her way again) ‍..... 
Its a must do if you've never been.The food is always good here especially anything called Diablo. Super spicy. The place is pretty authentic and convenient bc it is on the Roosevelt Blvd. I took away only one star because the wait is usually pretty long. Ambience is low key but still special.Went there with family group of seven with gand mom and a teenager! Guacamole at the table was out of sight! One tame  and one spicy! The adult Texas Margaritas were great and everyone loved their food.  We'll be back
Only 4 stars because it's a little tight!My future father-in-law told me and my fiancé about this place! The 3 of us went on a Saturday for dinner, the wait was only about 15 minutes and it was packed. I got the 12 oz. Guava frozen Margarita, next time it will be a 16 oz. or larger lol. I also helped my fiancé drink his peach Margarita yuuum. We ordered, the burger, chicken sandwich, chicken tacos and the Mexican Munchie everything was great. Loved the complimentary salsa and chips. I can't wait to go back!!This is my absolute favorite Mexican resturant!!! I hate the chain Mexican places, this seems truly authentic! 
I order the El Jefe special and highly recommend it!Food is subpar. The prices are way high.  chips were stale and salsa was flavorless. The chicken soup had a weird taste to it  the steak Tacos were under filled for 2 and over filled for the other. 1 had no cilantro and 1 had no onion. Refried beans were good though. Waste of $19.The food and drinks are always good and prices are fair. The salsa isn't fresh chopped veggies, it is more puree style but tastes good. The main issue is that its way too crowded with nowhere to wait. There should take over the big vacant restaurant in the same shopping strip to have more space.The food here is so good. I can never finish what's on my plate. My favorite was the Crab Quesadilla. Yum! The drinks are also awesome. I would suggest going not on a Friday/Saturday night because they are always packed after 5 p.m. Hey, even this review is making me hungry for some of their food...Love this place. Great food and atmosphere.  The wait for a table can be a while but it's worth it. The mango margaritas are delicious!Best mexican food in NE Philly.  Note that I did not say it's the best mexican food ever, or even in Philadelphia.  The food is solid and served in nice sized portions, though not necessarily authentic mexican.  Service is spotty - sometimes stellar, other times dismal.  There's a reason for the name: try the margaritas.I enjoyed Los Margaritas the drinks were good and the food was great as well nice portions. Very nice service we'll be going back.I'm a regular here :) enchiladas verde are amazing, I get the same dish every time and my frozen monster mango margarita! One will have u nice and buzzed. Most definitely get your money's worth here.Love this place! Great food and best margaritas. My favorite drink is chambord margarita and you should try texans fajitas.For the life of me... I don't understand the good reviews for this place. I eat mexican food weekly and this place is not authentic mexican. The chips taste store bought and the enchiladas taste of nothing but green peppers. The Ancho sauce is deplorable and the beans tasted acidic.  Seriously, this isn't good food people.... maybe of you've been drinking all day or night. I do hear that the margaritas are good.I recently went for the very first time the other day and I had the 16oz Strawberry Margarita (José is my choice of tequila), now I'm no light weight, but that margarita had me tilting crazy!!! The food is freaking SUPERB!!!! RE-FRIED BEANS WITH XTRA CHZ PLZ!!! It's good to know that there are actual authentic Mexican restaurants in Philly!I have been to this restsurant about 25 times 
Food is great and the service is fantastic
Everything about it is GREAT.The best Mexican food you can get, period.  Writing this review is making me hungry for Las Margaritas now!!I love this place!
I usually go on Margarita Mondays. The food is excellent. The drink specials are great. One of my faves is the raspberry Pina Coloda.  Just typing about it makes me want to go there and get one right now. I also love the colorful decor of this place.Steak Toco and tamal to go. Tamal was hard and flavorless. Wonder what happen to the corn husk? Or banana leaf. It took away the fun in unwrapping the tamal and see what's inside. But instead the tamal was drowned in meat sauce. The meat sauce was pretty good. I can put that meat sauce on elbow noodle and make beefaroni. Beans paste had a weird taste. Steak Toco was ok. The soft Toco shells could use more time on the heat for more color. Looks like they didn't even touch the fire. The steak needed more seasoning. Steak Toco meal is missing something. I feel im missing something. I want to squeeze something on it. It's missing some lime slices. It needed some crunchy radishes on the side. Lastly I was looking forward to taste some homemade green sauce and red hot sauce but instead I got nachos salsa. I can get a jar of Herr's at shoprite. Hit or miss? It's a miss for me. However the price is good and the portion size is huge. Good service and friendly staff. Cool bar and pretty nice dining room.There can and will be people crowding the entrance on Thursday through Saturday nights. Beyond that, the food is pretty good and an extreme value for the price. 
For $13/$14, the Grande Special will satisfy even the hungriest person. 
The $8 large margarita hits the spot as the perfect intersection for size and price.Great place, many options and big plates.  Maybe not so authentic, but definitely a good place for a filling and tasty meal.This place is an authentic Mexican place with amazing food, drinks, and generally speaking.. to die for! Once we saw the high rating it's got on Yelp, we were a little skeptical. It really takes a lot to impress somebody coming from FL - a land with an abundance of Latino food. We were pleasantly surprised. The place is really spacious and packed even on a week night. That being said, we were seated promptly and were attended to quickly. We ordered a guacamole in a volcano bowl they make in front of you, carnitas tacos and chef jefe special. We also had margaritas and beer. Their food is delicious.. we'll be back !the last time i was there was probably 5 yrs ago soo its probably changed a lot but when i went their i didnt like their food really at all... they hav good tortilla chips tho :DThis place has great food, the staff are very nice and check on your drinks for refills. I had the Grande Special, which is huge and served on 2 plates. This place gets crowded so come early. I will be back for more mexican dinners!Great prices, fairly solid Mexican fare, and great margaritas. Gets crowded on a weekend night but they're a great lunch spot: solid specials, plus its nice and quiet at that time. Reasonably Veg friendly, and you'll always have leftovers - last time I was there we got nachos and a dinner veg quesadilla for 16 bucks, and I had enough leftovers for 2 more meals.
PS -  my rating considers this place far from true latino food - we're not talking la lupe or veracruzana or tierra colombiana  here.  But for what it is (a fun gathering place with friends who want some cheap grub), it's solid, and I always have a good timeI go to Las Margaritas often.
I am really sorry this place has been discovered. There has been a corresponding drop in quality. And it is noisy because it is popular and real Philadelphians eat there. 
Nevertheless, the food tastes really good, the portions are large, the drinks are generous. I order the chiles rellenos. And the fried ice cream. And a mango margarita. And I leave happy.My favorite place to go! 
The food is so fresh and authentic.  Oh my goodness I love the chicken tortilla soup. 
Let's not forget about the margaritas, the best ever!
You have to go early because it fills up fast in there, but if you have patience you will not be disappointed.I was truly surprised. The chicken quesdillas were great and the chicken taste as if it was slow cooked in a special sauce. I also ordered a house salad.....made of shredded lettuce and they only had 3 dressings but that wasnt a problem for me.....they had ranch. The chips and dip seemed to be freshly made in house. We also ordered chicken and beef burritos that were good as well. 
Now the margaritas were surprisingly sweet and strong and 1 will get you to your tipsy level. The mango strawberry and peach were really strong, the banana was just OK. 
The prices are great and on the door I read margaritas are 2.99 during happy hour. I'll be going back next week!I ordered the chunks of roasted pork and onions for lunch, it was delicious.  This was the best Mexican meal I've had in a long time. Too bad I had to drive a half hour to get there, but it was worth it. Great service and great food, you need to open a restaurant in Bucks County, please!Well... I just went there a week or two ago and the food was a lot better... I'd still rather go to el azteca, but my family thought it was really good.... AND They still have great corn tortillas and salsa!Great Margaritas! Especially frozen! Good authentic Mexican food. Their cheese and spinach dip is a great app. Its crowded on Fridays and Saturdays, I would avoid those days!It's a great place to meet friends for happy hour. The house margaritas are tasty and only $3. They have a great chicken fajita special on Mondays that I always take advantage of. The food is good and the atmosphere is nice for a few after work drinks. I would recommend coming to Las Margaritas if you are in the Northeast.Worst food and service. My fajita was almost floating in oil. No cheese but plenty oil. Odd tasting spices. Enchilada verde had no flavor and was served soggy! Also they charge $5 for sharing food. Guess restaurant wants us to waste food or carry their soggy enchilada home.Fun looking little place; banquet party room in the back and a full parking lot. My table was poorly lit, but I managed to order a 
Salmon Burrito - grilled salmon fillet, garlic, peppers, onions and mushrooms. Wrapped in a large tortilla, topped with low-fat cheese sauce. Served with Mexican rice and small salad. 
The good was very good - prices were kind of high and my server was sort of pushy and rude.  Sometimes, that makes all the difference in the world. Still, not a horrible stop.ok, here's the scoop on Las Margarita's. do you know El Azteca in the city? (and also one in the northeast-not as good)
well Francisco from the teca and a few of the other staff opened Las Maragritas a few years back. 
the menu, the food and the prices are identical. seriously, it's the same restaurant. 
Except Las Margarita's has a liquor license. another thing to note: do not get a standard margarita, get a special one because those are the ones made to order, they are also stronger and better in every way.
food is good, it's not exquisite, but it is priced right. the staff is pretty awesome and again, the drinks are good.Just like name that's what they are known for!! There margaritas are the best food is ok but they need to get a real MEXICAN cooking the food is not authentic but it's not bad!! Always long lines but you have a great time!I love this place. The margaritas are on point!  Get the monster and you're good to go. Nice for girls night drinks. Actually,  good for any night of drinking. . Food is horrendous though lol.  I like the crab dip. That's about it.  In many opinion, the drinks keeps this place alive.Vegetarian Review: The enchiladas and burritos are AMAZING! Its as authentic as it gets, the vibe is great and the decorations are fantastic too!
I definitely recommend the Pick 2 or 3 combos, and try the Cheese enchiladas and bean burritos!This place is great.  Just be prepared for a 30-60 minute wait on a Friday or Saturday night. Once you sit down you are presented with a basket of chips and salsa.  Saturday evenings they have a guy that goes around and makes guacamole dip at your table.  I highly recommend this, it's exceptional.  My favorite is the pick three combo.  You can pick any three traditional Mexican food items for $10.95.  I usually wind up barely finishing half the meal and then eat it for lunch the next day.  Service is usually quick and attentive.  
I'd like to point out that on my last visit (Saturday 11/17/12), the manager was hovering over our table at the end of our meal.  He asked us what we were waiting for and why we were not leaving.  I couldn't believe it.  I told him we hadn't received our check yet.  He came back with the check and stood at our table waiting for us to pay.  I asked him what the deal was, he said he had people up front waiting for a booth.  I told him we'd be a minute since we had to split up the check amongst ourselves.  I found this very rude and was surprised the manager would rush us out like that.Comfortable atmosphere, great prices, friendly service, decent food... my only complaint about this place is that you will definitely have to WAIT for a table if you go on the weekend...This resturant sucks!!! The drinks are awesome but the wait time is too long and the servers do not understand english!!!!  They serve under age people and when management is told they laugh.....if you are over 30 do not go to this place...I didn't think this place was THAT bad. It was a little pricey, but at the same time, we're in Philadelphia. How authentic are we going to get? I like the margaritas and the ambiance was nice, but the food was subpar. I could get better Mexican out of a food truck. Stay away.Some of the best Mexican food I've had. I miss stoping by with the wife to grab a beer and quesadillas. They need to start one in the city. Service is always good too. Good food and a chill place to grab a drink.Came here last night as a second time. I absolutely love it! I had fish tacos and it was just perfect. I will definitely come back for some Happy Hour as I've heard they were good.Been coming here for 7 or 8 years . I went the other night and unlike other place the food or the portions has not changed over the years !!!! If you want to have the best Mexican food come here ! The taste is amazing ! Always stuffed as well ! I'm not saying the chips and guacamole are the best but the meals are outstanding , even if the service is slow that night the food ALWAYS makes up for it . Margaritas are huge ! I will say over the years I think they do give a little less tequila but they are still delicious . I have been getting the shrimp quesadilla every single time except for 2 times . It's outstanding ! Not the kind of place you go if you are looking for that 5 star el vez environment at all , go there for the food !
What's funny is this picture of me is taken there 7 years ago !We stopped in for dinner on a Monday night with a coupon. They refused to honor the coupon.