Good food--loved the gnocchi with marinara
the baked eggplant appetizer was very good too
The service was very slow, but despite this, I'd go back, the food is just that goodExcellent food atmosphere and service . Everything was fresh and hot when we were served ;and the dessert tray is absolutely amazing! 
We walked here from our hotel ( Hotel Monaco) and are so glad we did! Bon Appetito!!My boyfriend and I have visited here a bunch of times and we will still be coming here! Everything has always been great! Mussels are amazing in the white and the red! Chicken Marsala is amazing! The drinks are a little to expensive, some of them being as much as your meal itself, but I guess that's because the location. Grab a drink across the street at Las Vegas lounge first to pay average price for a drink than head to an amazing dinner here!Its a decent place. Not the best italian food I had, but it was good. I was here for restaurant week. I had the lobster ravioli, the meatball appetizer and the brownie dessert. It was all good, nothing stood out as the best thing I have eaten. It was pricey, but I wasn't disappointed. They have a good wine list to choose from. Overall, if you are in the area I would give it a try. Its not something I would trek a long way down to eat.If the name of my restaurant was my last name I'd make dam sure it was good!  Well Charles LaScala shouldn't worry because this is a very good mid-level Italian restaurant.
I've been to dinner, lunch, and happy hour here all multiple times so I know my way around this place. Before I discuss the many great things about this establishment I'll mention two issues that are less than good.
First this place has an active bar with multiple TVs.  This is great for Happy Hour but not so great if you are seated near it with the intention of having a peaceful meal.  So Rule #1 is to ask to be seated away from the bar.  I've never found this to be a problem as the staff is very accommodating.
Second, in my opinion, the adult libations are generally a dollar or two too high for a mid-level Italian place.  It's very easy to order drinks here that go over $10.  So consider yourself forewarned.
So let's talk about all the positive attributes-
The location is fabulous.  It's within walking distance of Olde City, the Walnut Street Theater, the Historic District, etc., etc.  
The have a few outside tables and Chestnut Street is great for people watching.
These folks have one of the best free parking arrangements in all of Philadelphia.  That's right, I said free and the parking lot is in the same building.  If you are driving in it doesn't get any better than this. Note that free parking is available after 3 PM.  
They use OpenTable so making your reservation is super convenient.  By the way, these folks do a great job during Restaurant Weeks. Make yourself a note to book early for those coveted RW seatings.
Regarding the food; expect classic Italian in large portions.  It doesn't matter if you are a carnivore, like your protein from the sea, or are of the vegetarian persuasion.  Everybody will be happy here.  Expect appetizers to be about $10 and entrées to range from the high teens to mid-twenties. 
The Broccoli Rabe appetizer ($10) is to die for.  It comes with sweet Italian sausage and grilled polenta.  The lovely wife has tried the Chicken Alla Roma ($21) and pronounced it excellent.  It comes with mushrooms and asparagus in a lemon-caper sauce.
If you are in this part of town, give them a try for lunch.  I'll bet you come back for dinner.This was a nice spot to have an outdoor lunch.
We were staying at a hotel for the day, so liquid lunch was on the agenda. Luckily, LaScala's has a $9 wine flight which lets you sample 3 wines. Having Yards beer on tap does not hurt either!
We spent about $35 total on 2 people. One of us had the chopped salad, which was a perfect and filling lunch portion. The other ordered tuna with french fries and aragula. This dish was also very good; the tuna was cooked exactly to order. The fries were the thin kind, more flavorful but perhaps a bit less potato and a bit more oil.
Overall, we very much enjoyed our lunch here,Chicken parm. was pretty good. Restaurant has a sport-bar feel to it.I don't get this place.  I'm going to have to steer my boss clear of it next time we dine out.  The salads are way too small; the strombolis way too big.   The salad I ordered was fine, but nothing to write home about, and definitely left me feeling hungry.  My coworker ordered an appetizer ($10) as her main, and it looked like the size of a cadbury cream egg.  If we don't want a huge calzone for lunch, and also don't want a $15 pasta dish, you need to add something to your menu that satisfies more fully, isn't a heavy chicken parm sandwich, and doesn't break the bank.
The ambience was weird, too.  They were playing like, the best hits of the 80s, 90s, and today, during lunch.  And loudly, at that. The restaurant was dark; they didn't have all of the lights turned on.  Service was meh.  This is lunch, not dinner.  Set the mood accordingly!Great restaurant right on the cusp of the historic district in Philadelphia. Great atmosphere, nice specialty drinks, and delicious food. 
Pro tip: a great bonus is that they will validate your parking at the garage next door!Great pizza! Amazing salads! Quick and friendly service at any of their locations! I highly recommend their chopped salad!Happy hour alert! 
I think I found a new go-to happy hour spot in this area. Move aside Sips, these specials happen every Monday through Friday from 4-7. And boy are they are special! 
Their online menu totes the fact that the happy hour food specials are their regular portions at happy hour prices. Just when I was about to quit dining at happy hour because of lame portion sizes, I found a gem.
Looking for a quick bite and drink, my hubby and I split a pizza with meatballs and pepper. I had a glass of merlot and he had citrus flavored vodka with club. The pizza was tasty and could have almost been a meal. Add an appetizer or two to split and there's a regular sized dinner. The pizza came to $7. Wowza!
The bartender was friendly and attentive, even with a full bar. 
Yep, this is a great happy hour and I'll be back.AMAZING!!!  Went for Easter dinner...not a bad or mediocre thing to say!!!!!
FABulous Food!
Wonderful Service!
Outstanding Atmosphere!
Free Parking (Validated) PLUS
Kid-Friendly!?!?!? 
WE WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!! Can't believe we haven't discovered this gem sooner!By far the best Italian in Philly! Authentic and delicious food in a great atmosphere. I had the rigatoni vodka and my husband the fusilli with seafood. AMAZING! And the oil/balsamic dip for your bread? Insaneeeee.This place was great; we're in Philly for several days on vacation and wanted someplace we'd feel fancy but casual. We found a great mix of the two.
The food was all excellent: he had the scallops and I had the seafood pasta. His was a bit light, so he attempted to help me finish mine, which was a massive serving size. Good wine and good bread capped this off as a meal we were happy to pay for.
The loss of the fifth star is due to the service. The wait staff was inattentive in an empty restaurant.We ate here during Restaurant Week and it was just OK. In fact, there was only one thing I remember about the evening. It was their eggplant rollantini. I love eggplant and it was perfectly cooked.  It was a delicious hot appetizer.
It was the type of restaurant that I would go back to if someone else suggested it, but not one that I would want to go back to by ourselves.
And that's all I have to say about La ScalaVery good food at reasonable prices. Ambiance is nice and very friendly staff. Great stop, especially during restaurant week! Nice deal!I visited La Scala with a party of 10 at around 4pm on a Saturday. I had made reservations 5 days prior. When we arrived only half our party was present and the hostess still sat us at our table; unusual for a busy center city restaurant. The staff was very friendly and our waiter was extremely nice. The atmosphere is a mix of classic with a twist of modern decor. The attire is business casual. The appetizers to try are the sausage and peppers, the stuffed mushrooms , and the baked tomato caprese. The dinner favorites were the grilled pork chops; they were a bit spicy. Also the rigatoni vodka, wild mushroom risotto, the seafood fra diavolo,  and the baked parmesan tilapia. The homemade tiramisu, creme brûlée and cannoli were all great choices for dessert.   Overall, the food was good, but pricey. La Scala offers free parking. The parking is located above the restaurant. This was especially welcomed since the temperature was 23 degrees. They provided us with a free parking voucher at the end of the meal.I was routing for LaScala's before I even arrived, thinking it the perfect spot to have lunch with an out of town cp-worker.  It's close (which was its main draw) and Italian (who doesn't like Italian food?); yes, LaScala's seemed like the "safe" choice.  The decor is fine.  However, with the restaurant barely at capacity, we were originally sat at a wobbly table near the kitchen.  When we asked to move to another location, the hostess looked at me like I had suddenly sprouted some uncontrollable boil smack in the middle of my forehead, uttering, "Uh, okay."  Seated at our new table, I barely had 10 seconds to review the menu before we were prompted to order.  Folks, order...or you'll be waiting 10 - 15 minutes until the server comes back again.  We started with the caesar salad and calamari.  Both were decent in taste and portion size.  Our main courses came just as quickly, with one very big exception.  The server put in my entree as raviolis, not veal parmesan with angel hair.  I waited another 15 - 20 minutes for my food.  By the time my food arrived (sans angel hair, just regular spaghetti noodles), my fellow diners were more than half way through their food.  My entree did not blow me away by any means.  The sauce didn't take my breath away (good or bad) either.  On the plus side, the server was extremely apologetic and nice.  Being in the service business myself through a better part of college, I can empathize with minor mishaps (we're all human).  At the end of the day, I probably won't return....unless someone else is footing the bill!Enjoyed dinner with the wife here on June 30, 2011.  Excellent Italian dinner with generous portions.  I can see why the locals love it so much.  Relaxed but semi-upscale atmosphere, excellent food and great location.We had a last-minute dinner here on New Year's Eve and overall enjoyed the experience.  The service was very good.  We had a reservation and were seated promptly.  Our server was pleasant and attentive.  The food came out quickly (we had a bottle of wine, an appetizer, and entrees) and the spacing between each item was acceptable.  The menu had a nice selection and the specials had prices listed -- yay for that, even though I didn't end up choosing one of those.
My downsides are that the food was just okay.  I had the grilled hanger steak with mushrooms, onions and peppers and while I had requested medium, I think it was a bit overdone and tough.  I don't know much about that particular cut of meat, so perhaps I should have gone more rare (or perhaps it would have been okay if they had cooked it per my order).  It was tasty as far as flavors go otherwise.  My friends and I were also a little peeved at the appetizer.  Honestly, I can't remember what it was and it was good as far as taste goes, but there were three.  And there were four of us.  I think the server should have suggested that we order two appetizers, or talked the kitchen into giving us a fourth serving.  Three is always awkward -- if it's a couple or two couples, someone always either gets the shaft or seems like the aggressive appetizer eater.  Restaurants -- give us even numbers of appetizers!  Three is not that cute!
I might go back if I were in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit again.Friendly service topped with great tasting food. Big portions of pasta dishes. Plenty to share.LaScala is consistently good home style Italian. The chopped salad is great for low carb seekers.Food was great, good authentic Italian food... For drinks you must try the lemoncello martini, it's one of the best drinks i've had in a long time.We went to LaScala's for the first time last night for dinner.  They have a very nice ambiance and the hostess was pleasant - she seated us 20 minutes early for our reservation with no problem.  Unfortunately, we were seated right underneath a speaker where the stereotypical Italian restaurant music was blasting.  We asked the hostess twice and the waitress once to have it turned down, and were ready to walk out the door when it was finally done.  
The food was good, not great.  I had the chopped La Scala salad which was very nice, and the gnocchi with mozzarella, basil and tomato sauce.  The entree was very salty, but would have been 5 stars if it hadn't been for that.  They got the escarole soup and beet and goat cheese salad for appetizers, and lamb chops and pasta with pesto for the entrees.  The lamb was delicious, but the pesto was awful - it didn't taste like pesto, but instead a cream sauce that had some basil flakes added to it.  Our wine, for $50, was pretty bad as well. 
Overall, the place has potential, but unfortunately for the price the food fell a little short in our book.The restaurant week menu was ok but they were out of most of the items on the list. The bread served at the table was cold. The service was mediocre. They are not accommodating for their short comings as far as the menu is concerned.If you are looking for a good pizza, this is the place. The kicken runs a bit slow, but its pizza pies and seafood pasta were pretty good. Not so much of unique..or special..  Service if ok, too.the pre-made pizzas never look quite appetizing enough to try. 
a made-to-order calzone took forEVER and was not cheap, but it was indeed tasty.  
service is gruff, but i don't really care so long as my calzone is good.Ehhhh so underwhelming.
I work close to this spot and since it had been over a year since my last visit, I decided to try it today for lunch.
I originally ordered the pappardelle with prosciutto and peas. I remembered their pastas being really yummy so I made the decision quickly.
Once it arrived, there was no prosciutto, there were chunks of red onion everywhere and the sauce was bland. It was so bad that I actually asked for a different dish altogether because I couldn't get myself to eat it.
I ordered the penne vodka, which was the dish I ordered in the past that left me the memory of good pasta at this restaurant.... well, that turned into a disappointment as well. There were chunks of what I think was prosciutto in it, which really shouldn't be in a vodka sauce, and the meal overall was just OK.
I am in no rush to come back here any time soon. It's such a shame though, because my memories of it were much more positive. I wonder if the chef changed?I came here for dinner with my girlfriend on Valentine's Day.  I thought the service was outstanding.  I liked the decor of the restaurant, and the food was great.  We started off with a bottle of wine and the fried calamari, which was easily the best calamari I've ever had.  I would definitely recommend that as an appetizer.  For dinner we got Chicken Parmesan and Rigatoni Vodka, which is nothing adventurous, but both meals were great.  The portions were also big enough for each of us to have leftovers for the next night.  I definitely left here a fan of this place.  The only reason it loses a star is because the food is a little overpriced.Nice! Haven't had E. Coast Italian before and I liked it. The pizza was really good, very addictive. The sausage on it was to die for. The meatballs on it weren't that great but they were edible... The meatballs tasted like only sugar and cumin. 
My friend had the pasta which I posted. We though it was amusing that it looks like maggots. I really liked it though. It was different than any other pasta I've tasted (probably better and more "legit", ha ha... LA has terrible food). The taste of the wheat was more pronounced and the pasta was a bit chewier and bready, though pleasantly so. I wish it had a bit more sauce but I liked it.I do happy hour here pretty regularly. It's near work and there is outdoor seating, a key element for this time of the year. There's good people watching and most of the wait staff is pretty good. Shout out to Armando--you rock!! He was my server last night and was good enough that I'll be remembering to ask for him next time. That's a first. 
The happy hour prices are very reasonable, as long as you aren't too picky about what you're drinking. It's pretty much Coors Light, Yuengling, House Wine etc. but it's do-able. I prefer something a little more original.
SO, their White Sangria is fabulous if you are picking something off of the regular drink menu. Food-wise the Risotto Balls are a decent option off of the HH menu and I enjoy the Margherita Pizza as well.Absolutely delicious!!! The bread and the dipping sauce were so yummy. I ordered the caprese appetizer, and I love that the tomatoes and cheese were placed on top of bread! My boyfriend ordered the cheese pizza, and it was the perfect mix of sauce and cheese! I would definitely come here again!Food looks beautiful but not a lot of taste. Good house Malbec $7.Been going here twice a week for a year now - food is yummy yummy yummy, got to try the spicy tunaLocation was perfect, service was superb (early before the rush), very reasonably priced wine list, good food. 
You pay for the location for the food, but our food was very good and very large portions. Nothing spectacular or surprising but good what you expect Italian.While staying with my father at Jefferson Hospital, I went to lascala's two nights in a row.  I am very familiar with this restaurant since Pronto is minutes from my home and have visited Chestnut St numerous times. I had the same meal both nights. For reference, I had the pappardelle sausage bolognese.  The first night was fantastic. A generous portion of sauce and sausage with the pasta. The second night I had a big bowl of noodles with some sauce. I had told the bartender that, although the taste is great, there was no meat in the dish. Consequently, I asked for more meat. 30 to 40 minutes later I got slices of sausage in a bowl and not bolognese. At that point in time my pasta was cold. I just got the check and left. I was very disappointed after the meal I had the night before.Great food for restaurant week.  Had the salmon, very fresh and the filet. Luigi great service!The food was amazing and the service was great....I would recommend  this restaurant to anybody.  I am a very picky eater especially when I'm out. I'm big one service, I'm big on good food so it's a big deal when I walk into a restaurant and don't have 1 complaint from the time I walk in the door from the time I walk out the door and the prices were not  BedTon of food.  Solid quality.  Average wait time for lunch.  No complaints.LaScala's sings old world Italian.
As usual I'll start with service.
Attentive, engaging and efficient, but some work to do. Enough said?
What makes a restaurant is the menu. Agreed?
For starters, we ordered the broccoli rabe and the eggplant capanata.  It's unusual to describe both in the same way, yet the words "tender" and "flavorful" come to mind. As we were consumed them, we had to stop at one point and ask "are we leaving room for dinner?" That's how good they were.
As for dinner, we were served papperdelle noodles with sausage and bolognese and seafood fraDiavolo. So, I should start with how we finished. Taking half of the dishes home. The portions are huge, and by no means a reflections on flavor. It was true italian in every sense. Might I add my girlfriend is Sicilian (a bit of an expert on the matter). So knowing Italian cuisine, I would say LaScala hits the mark from a taste perspective.
Where a little coaching is needed is in the service area. The server was immature in his approach and presentation. His knowledge of the menu was limited and did not present the best of what LaScala has to offer. It was not bad, by any means, just lacking in enthusiasm.
One certain annoyance is the televisions in the bar area. I believe a restaurant should be exclusive to food, service and atmosphere. Hearing the silly World Series game announcers was simply not a welcomed audible. Why would you have this?
If you venture downtown Philadelphia, especially the Olde City area, I think LaScala is worth the try. 
I'll finish telling you we took half our entree's home (huge portions). We gleefully heated them up the next day for lunch and dug in. Smiles ensued.
IF YOU ENJOYED MY REVIEW, PLEASE RATE IT AND SEND ME A COMMENT!Delicious delicious delicious! I ordered the rigatoni vodka and the flavor was simply delicious. My fiancé ordered the lasagna. Only bummer  was no salad or bread before meal?????Table for eight - with 4 kids under 12.... All plates eaten clean. Tasty Caesar salad and very good chicken parm. 3 of us had ravioli.  All were pleased. Well done.Totally Impressed! Went during Restaurant Week so I was expecting smaller portions and not as impeccable service as you would get on a normal paying evening. However, I was wrong. Our server was incredibly attentive, constantly checking on our large group (ended up tipping more than the already included gratuity). For appetizers, the prosciutto wrapped artichokes were the best I've ever had, and my girlfriend's tomato and mozzarella caprese was exceptional. 
For our main entree the salmon over spinach and potatoes was fantastic- fish was cooked perfectly and the accented vegetables went well with the salmon. The gnocchi was always class! Portions were huge- our friend's veal parm was enormous and also delicious!
The cannoli was just ok, but the sundae on the restaurant week menu was delicious. Paired with good coffee and complimentary limoncello (a bit too strong but it was complimentary) it was a great way to end the meal. 
Would definitely recommend! They even comp your parking!I work a few blocks away and eat at LaScala's a few times per month. The food is very solid, not gourmet, but solid, especially for a work lunch or to meet with friends after work. Chicken Parm sandwich is my favorite and their Pizza is very good as well. The interior is clean, well lit, lots of windows and TVs for sporting events. Bar is small but has a nice layout. Best of all is the service. Kelly (manager) is flat out amazing. She is always super friendly and goes way above and beyond every time I come in. Thanks Kelly...keep up the great service.Dropped in this evening for a dinner while on an extended layover - recommended by hotel concierge. Kindly greeted by the host. Upon sitting down water was place on table and I ordered a wine. The waiter never explained the evening specials nor did he ever return to my table to ask if everything is okay. I asked another waiter for more bread and fresh Parmesan... I'm sitting in the restaurant....still waiting. I will be sure never to advise colleagues to come to this establishment.LaScala's is safe.  The food is reliable.  The portions are pretty large.  My chicken parm sandwich was good.  The salad was good.  My co-workers all had decent food--pizza, sandwiches, seafood.  Note on the lasagna: if you order it with meat, you get veggie lasagna with meatsauce poured over it.
Our server wasn't that interested in selling food.  We asked about desserts.  We asked what "chocolate overload" cake was.  He said, "chocolate cake."  Thanks, dude.  It was quite rich, with mousse and thick frosting and choc. chips.  But I think it was shipped to them frozen.  
In all: meh.  If you don't want to think about your meal and want to please a group, hit LaScala's.  If you want adventure, go elsewhere.Decent if youre into gluttonous food. Everything was covered in an insane amount of cheese, and ingredients/cooking is mediocre at best. Much better restaurants nearby.I am a sucker for good Italian. I happened upon this place by accident. I was checking out Independence Hall and LaScala's is just down the street. Some of the best Italian I've ever had. Yay for happy accidents.So obviously this review is for the Comcast Market location of Lascala's. I have not been to the original / main location yet.
The pizza at Lascala's is really great! There is a lot of variety and some great veggie-only pies. Some (maybe all?) of their pizzas have whole wheat crust. 
Downside is that they are expensive! I know, most of the food in Comcast Market is pricey...but $3.50 for a slice of mushroom? Seems a bit much no? Still....Great lunchtime pizza for the desk jockeys of center city!We had 12 for dinner. All enjoyed themselves. Good service. Chose this because right near Independence Mall for a quick sightsee, then dinner, with a return to hotels. Relatively safe walk back.
Order the Pork Loin, Lasagna, Pasta w/vodka sauce, and sit back. Calimari were good, so were many appetizers--didn't like the salads, too much dressing. Good happy-hour prices too.
Liked the deserts as well. $57 pp, w/drinks and tip.this restaurant is so good! the lighting is just right, not too dark, not too bright. service was awesome, food is delicious!! I would def recommend it!Well I have only lived in Philly for a few weeks, plus a couple trips.  But I have eaten here twice.  Both times its been excellent.  I just love italian and this place really it does it right, modern italian american cuisine and gorgeous atmosphere.  It looks upscale and the waiters are very classy but you can be really casual.  Employees were helpful with directions and questions about the area.  Our waiter was down right charming I would have asked for his number but I think he was too old for me.  Reallly yummy veal and pasta.  I doubt you could go wrong with anything on the menu.  Watch out for nightly specials though they are stellar but quite pricy.  Best coffe I have ever had at a restaurant.  You can just walk up to this place on a weeknight and be seated right away.  Great for taking a relaxing evening and eating a ton of really delicious food I mean realllly good and well prepared not heavy or oily or cheap.  Good bread too and as much as you want!  And the waiters actually get you refills snappy like, good olive oil on the table really fresh and light.  Although when we went the second time I did overhear a very upset man who said his steak was soo tough and terrible, after he ate the whole thing.  They gave him a free dessert that looked craaazy good.  Now I'm hungry for La Scala's mmm.  Also free parking directly above the restaurant so you never have to search for a spot.We had our senior graduation dinner here and it went well.  A large group in the private dining area with a fixed menu.  I was told the price was reasonable.  The big benefit of the restaurant was having a parking garage attached with validated parking.
The service was a average, some of the staff seemed confused about some of the dishes and who was getting what leading to some delays.
The food was average, pretty good for quick service and a fixed menu.  But I did expect better given it's location.  The general menu is probably more daring and innovative then the fixed menu I sampled.
I will note that the rigatoni appetizer with a tomato sauce was well made and was the highlight.  The rigatoni was firm and al dente with a thick rich sauce with a good depth of flavor.  The remainder of the meal sort of fades into the background of my memory.My fiance and I absolutely love this place. We went for lunch one day and had the best lunch ever. We started off the meal with an oil dip (amazing). 
Appetizer - Clams in white wine sauce, which was absolutely great especially with the fresh bread they have.
Dinner - Seafood FraDiavlo was superb and very filling, again, ask for more bread for mopping.
The bill was reasonable for lunch. We are very eager to return to this restaurant. This is our new favorite restaurantDespite our reservation, it took over an hour to seat our party of 6.  My grandmother was in a wheelchair.  Once sat, no one took our order for 25 minutes.  The host felt so bad, he came and took our drink order.  And then I watched him get screamed at by his manager for helping us.  My mother ordered mussels; they didn't bring a plate for the shells.  That wasn't completely awful in and of itself, until my mother had the audacity to ask for a plate for the shells.  The server reprimanded her for asking for a place to put the shells and told her that's not how mussels are served - anywhere.  According to the server there is never a separate plate served with mussels for the empty shells.  Ummm ok.  To make up for our several hour terrible dining experience, they didn't discount our check but rather gave us a gift card to come back.  We told them under no uncertain circumstances would we ever return to this place.  It looked nice but the food was alright and the service was down right offensive.  There are such amazing restaurants in Philadelphia.  This is not one of them.We dined here upon recommendation from our hotel, which is only two blocks from LaScala. We arrived shortly after 5PM and were seated promptly at a nice window seat. My wife and I both ordered cocktails, the trio meatball appetizer, we shared a Caesar, she had the scallop risotto special and I had the chicken San Remo. 
Overall an outstanding meal and service (Joey). 
I recommend this establishment. It does get busy so if you plan on arriving at the dinner hour, make a reservation.I went there on Friday night for my birthday celebration. While we did have to wait 45 mins for our table to be ready even with a reservation, the staff totally made up for it. The awesome bartender gave my friends and I a round of drinks for free due to the long wait. He also gave me another free drink for my birthday. The waiter was quick and friendly. The food was DELICIOUS and portions were huge. The bartender came back over and gave us a free bottle of champagne to celebrate. The staff went above and beyond. My friends and I were very grateful. I would definitely go back there again!We had a large party here on a Sunday evening back in May.  The appetizers were great, good selection.  The entrees were delicious, I think one of everything was probably ordered at our table!  Service was attentive and efficient.horrible experience. we had 20 ppl for lunch, and we were told we could have a 3 course deal for $17 since we had a large group. but when our bill came it was a different story. all the sudden the mgr was telling us we "didn't give them enough time" (we only called an hr ahead - fine, but they shouldn't have given us false promises) so it was crazy overpriced and they treated us like we had unconvinced them instead of thanking us for our business. Never going back.I fell upon this place as i was walking around the Philly area with a friend. We were craving some Italian and it just so happened we found LaScala's!
We got the calamari to share (surprise surprise) and I got the rigatoni ala vodka (with spaghetti instead of rigatoni- hehe). I would say that it was OK.
Nothing too special. In fact, the calamari had a very fishy taste to it, which was a little unappetizing. The pasta was also just OK. 
I would say this place is a little pricey for what you get, but not too overpriced. The ambiance is nice the service is OK, but not great. 
I would say nothing too spectacular and I definitely will not be returning. With all the great food in Philly, you need to be amazing!!!!Lascalas is a great restaurant in a prime location in philly. It was a classy scene that was both family friendly and great for a group of friends. We got seated in a booth next to the window, which was really nice for people watching and enjoying the hustle of the city.
Our waiter was extremely friendly and never rushed us. He came immediately with fresh baked steaming bread and a delicious garlic infused butter oil that was amazing! Probably my favorite part of the night. 
We started with the caprese toast and arugula salad. The caprese tasted fresh, the salad however was slightly disappointing. It tasted bitter and bland at the same time and the dressing just did not highlight the dish. 
For dinner, we split the gnocchi and eggplant ricotta pizza. Both were amazing! The gnocchi was cooked well and the pizza had the perfect combination of flavors.
We ended with homemade tiramisu which was DEVINE!!!! We probably finished it in two minutes. So addicting and so gooooood - you have to order this if nothing else!
Overall, the location, size, menu options, and friendly environment made this restaurant a great night out. 4/5While touring the historic sites it was time for lunch and just happened on this place.  Glad we did as the food was wonderful.  My son had the Gnocchi with mozzarella, tomato and basil and I had the Spicy Tuna.  No need for anything else, large portions and reasonable prices.  If you are in the area this is definitely a must.Came here for a family dinner weekend of St Patty's Day. It wasn't too busy. We got a booth. Our waiter was kinda slow. Took awhile to get our drinks. The food was pretty good. We ordered the calm linguini and lamb Marsala and pizza for the kids. My cocktail which was the Spritz was alright. I will try this place again but I think we just came in the wrong night cause I felt like service could of been so much better. We had to ask the bartender to get our check. The service was just so lacking.I'd like to dedicate my first Yelp review to the yelp elite.....Emmett M.
My first experience at LaScala's was a very pleasant one.  I was attending a birthday dinner for 25 people.  So I was limited to a preselected menu but everything they brought us was absolutely delicious. 
We were seated in a room off of the main dinning area and even though there were a few different tables, it still seemed like I could conversate with everyone easily.  They had a great wine selection, and another benefit was that on Tuesday nights they have half priced bottles for preselected wines.  A definite plus.
There were 2 servers for our party, they did fantastic.  We had the choice of filet mignon, popsicle lamb chops, and chicken marsala.  Me personally I shared a filet and the lamb chops.  After we all placed our orders, the appetizers just began to flow.  Calamari, stuffed long hots, sausage and peppers, and a house salad with vinaigrette.  Then came the entrees, both the filet and lamb chop popsicle were amazing, they were both served with asparagus and potatoes in various forms (mashed and diced). 
Finally dessert, tiramasu, which everyone seemed to enjoy.  I unfortunately can't stand it for some reason.  However, the servers were nice enough to bring a chocolate chip cannoli.....one of the best I've ever had.   Overall, I would definitely like to dine there again to experience their full menu.A close friend and I visited LaScala's for restaurant week. Upon entry, I was pleasantly surprised by the restaurant's decor as I was not sure what I was walking into. The hostess who greeted me was very nice and got me seated right away. Once my friend arrived, I ordered the red sangria which was very good and she ordered the chicken san remo which was absolutely delicious. Now for the negative part of our dinner: our server was pretty rude. Throughout our dinner, he never came to check up on us, only to drop the next part of the meal. It was as if he didn't want to be bothered with us! We were very turned off by his demeanor. I won't say that I'll never come back here, but I will definitely steer clear of that specific server and his nasty attitude.This place is great for lunch, happy hour and dinner! I believe they have the best happy hour in the city! Prices are beyond low for the quality of food they serve. One martini will have you feeling great! Only $7 during happy hour! You can enjoy some of their best appetizers for 1/2 off! This is insane to me. Most happy hours give you the things people don't really buy regularly but NOT LaScalas!! Also they happy hour is between 4-7! 3 whole hours!! I know I'm emphasizing on the HAPPY HOUR, but that's because I feel you get more than your money pays for during that time! I have been for lunch and dinner and the food was still worth every penny!!!!!We came here for lunch and it was a little disappointing. We ordered the carafe for $24. Our waiter said it was a closer to a half carafe and he was absolutely right. It had barely more than 2 glasses in it which is kind of absurd. I got the cedar salad for lunch and it also left something to be desired. The Cesar dressing wasn't very creamy and the croutons were hard, like hurt your teeth a little hard. My wife got the LaScala's favourite which was actually pretty decent and their old bay fries were tasty. They had just a slight hint of old bay which I think was a great idea. Overall I'd say this place is a little pricey for the quality of the food they serve. Our waiter was friendly though, which greatly helped the situationLines move fast so that may be part of the problem is the rush to move people. 
Ordered slice of meatball and Buffalo Chicken gut it in about 5 min or less. 
Pizza was Luke warm meats were dried out like it was made yesterday. 
The blue cheese on the buffalo was nasty couldn't even finish it. 
Aside from the quick service wasn't happy with the food. Plenty of other options in this food court that look better then this. I have food regret and wish I had gone with my second choice.  If I had to give advice don't make so many pizzas in advance you can see them stacked up and cold. I would have waited longer for a fresher pizza.This place has by far some of the best red sauces I've ever had. Each visit I get the tagliatelle with the bolognese and each time I am impressed. The pizza is also good if you just want something light. The location is very convenient if you are doing the touristy things like independence hall. I would give it another star if the service had ever been memorable. Each visit it seems harder and harder to get a refill for the drinks...but the food still stands out to me.I've always wanted to try it her so the hubby surprised me with dinner before a concert on Saturday. Half of the restaurant was dim and candlelit and a bit crowded but kind of romantic. Where we sat was in the back room with bigger parties and a bit more space.there were some kids there which was nice to see because it makes me feel more comfortable bringing  our baby along next time! I wasn't really in the mood for a huge pasta dish so I ordered a caesar salad, which was huge and delish and crab chips. The crab chips are my new pregnant obsession!! They were perfectly thin crisp sluiced potatoes topped with yummy jumbo lump crab meat, old bay seasoning, and provolone cheese. Think Chickies crab fries but classier ( ha ha) with crab on top!!  I had them put the long hots on the side and no bacon. Even though I only had apps, I was still unable to finish as the portions were good sized. My husband had baked eggplant for an appetizer which was also very good. Im pretty picky with eggplant but this was great! He ordered ricotta tortellini, which he asked to come without parsley. Not only was it brought out with parsley but it was in the sauce and inside with the cheese in the pasta itself. He returned it to the waiter and at that point we were pretty stuffed and wanted to leave room for the yummy dessert we found not to mention we had tickets and didn't want to wait for a new meal to be cooked. Kind of upset with the waiter as he should've known what was in the meal, found out, or when he actually saw it filled with greens, returned it. Worse than the waiter was the manager who earlier during appetizers came to see how everything was and we said great. Problem was his response to us returning the uneaten meal was to have the waiter tell us that he had asked us if everything was ok and we should've told him them. Ok buddy, not only as a manager YOU should've come to the table when there was a problem but you asked us before we got our meals. Finally, we saw him again and I explained what had happened. He kept questioning by husbands allergy asking for a specific name and accusing him of eating my "green" long hots from my meal. He followed that rudeness with him saying that he would take off our dessert (choc chip cheesecake which was awesome). We explained the dessert wasn't the issue and his meal wasnt even touched. He continued to try to take of the dessert! Finally, we got our way. Geez!  We were appalled at how rude he was and what bad business that was. Luckily, it takes a lot for my laid back husband to get mad but it pissed me off. The food that we did have was great and we will be going back but it could've been a better experience if it wasn't for the cocky manager. My husband reminded me that nothing was going to ruin our night! All and all, he was right but, the manager still needs to be called out, wish I got his name. We will be going back perhaps with our lil girl and when we can sit outside on a nice day. I am obsessed with those crab chips...., pregnancy heaven.I found this restaurant when I visited the Philadelphia History Museum. I was interested primarily in the food, though I also appreciated the pleasant ambience and the attentive service. There's plenty of room between the tables and between the booths, and it's not noisy. My luncheon selection -- a Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, served with roasted potato wedges and grilled vegetables -- was first-class, on a par with what I've had at some good seafood restaurants. When I found out about the banana nut bread pudding with vanilla ice cream, I decided I had to have dessert and coffee as well, and, again, I was not disappointed!I don't know why anyone would say anything bad about this place. It's well priced, there's friendly service and the food is good too.
Bonus: Free parking and they give a discount to Walnut Street Theatre Members.For what it is, it's very good.  Simple and familiar Italian favorites with a contemporary twist.Nope. Nope. Nope. The dessert was alright...I had the bread pudding. Just got spaghetti and meatballs. Simple dish..yet they didn't do it right. Oh well. Caveat..I am not much of an Italian food fan unless its really really really good.My husband and I went here for restaurant week. You can never go wrong dining here. The ambiance was perfect, the hostess was attentive and polite with superb customer service. All of the courses were served hot and in time. The food was delicious. I had the steamed clams, lobster ravioli and the lemon cake. I will continue to dine here. This is one of my favorite restaurantsA great place to get a salad, pizza or (rich and tasty) pasta for lunch.  Kinda pricey - but the portions (of pasta anyhow) are big.  I can eat half for lunch and the rest later. (dinner!!!)
I have been there now a bunch of times - many for lunch (and it is usually hoppin') and another time for a quick dinner. (They close at 7 PM.)
Both times I had pasta dishes - but my husband had pizza (he said it was good but not great.) and a friend had a salad that he LOVED.
I really enjoyed my fresh fettuccine dish and a was able to substitute marinara for the usual rich cream sauce.
The cashier was freiendly even though she was slammed with customers, and my order was processed relatively quickly.
I'll return.My friend and I are regulars here for lunch. We love their salads. I'm a big fan of the Caesar salad and the Arugula salad. My friend a big fan of the Mista. We ask them to add fried calamari to our salads and they always oblige. We've also enjoyed their pizzas. The waiters are all so nice. We get great service there. Kudos to them for their consistency in food, service, and cleanliness.In the past I have had amazing food, so I decided to grab a bite here tonight.  There was no wait for a table and I asked to sit a high top, which the hostess was quick to oblige.  After 8 minutes sitting and waiting and after someone else was seated and waited on I was finally given a menu.  Even though I knew what I wanted to eat when I walked in, I figured I should go somewhere that wanted my business.Good prices, decent size portion, ok tasting food, but be prepared to wait!
Ordered the special chicken parm with spaghetti and it took FOREVER to come out! I felt like they needed to boil the pasta or something, like it was still raw. Pasta didn't come out al dente like it should, but the flavoring was good.
Will I be back?? Sure! Esp when it's freezing and or raining, it'll be a trip through the undergrounds for me. :-)I've had much better. The pasta dish I had was dry and overdone. Open a can of Chef-Boy-R-Dee and you will have something better.Me and my friend went to eat on a Wednesday night and the service was bad. I asked for lemon and lime for my water the waitress gave it to me on a napkin. But the kicker was the waitress asked to wrap my food which was seafood fra diavolo  (ok bland in seasoning so I really didn't eat much) and handed to the bus girl which had a stack of dirty plates from God knows where but not our table and puts my food on top of it. Now I think that's nasty and not sanitary? The manager was nice enough she half apologized took the meal off my bill. Smh. Won't go back.I tried this place for a second time. My first time I was not thrilled. My second time I loved it. Give it a chance. I had a wonderful meal there and should not have condemned them for one meal. I am glad I gave them a second chance. I will definitely go back again.Prior to dining at La Scala's, Philly's dining scene was depicted in a pretty awesome light.  We had yet to have a bad or sub par meal during our work conference in Philly, however, our final night was a huge let down.  Maybe I had such high hopes from our previous dining options that I assumed everything was going to be top notch.  Not the case at La Scala's.  
To begin, service was horrific.  Upon entering for our 7:30 reservation, the host failed to greet us, the only ones in the entrance, and acted as if we interrupted him from doing absolutely nothing.  He unenthusiastically walked our party of six to our table and walked away having not said one word.  
Service throughout the meal was spotty as time and time again we had to re-request new silverware, dishes, and drinks as they would be off behind the bar joking around. Servers aslo were placing and snagging dishes away at inopportune times and to the wrong individuals all with an attitude.  I went up to the host mid meal to inform him that it was the birthday of one of our colleagues at our table.  Waiting a few moments for him to finish his text message and to stare at me blankly, I asked if they could do something.  One would not think this to be an overly excessive request, however, he responded "I don't know, ask your server".  Word from the server was that we could pay for a dessert, they could put a candle on it, but confirmed twice to me "were not gonna sing, though, so you know".  By no means did I even want them to sing.
Okay, enough about the service and on to the food.  It was fine.  Probably would have been better had I not been so preoccupied about the service. Our shared starters including the calamari, grilled artichokes, stuffed mushrooms were all good.  Ordering octupus whereever I can, I was a bit disappointed, as it was a bit chewy and too acidic.  The spicy tuna was substantial, but a bit too salty.  
Upon departure, and after spending upwards of $100 per person not a single person acknowledged our departure.  Overall, our group all agreed that the food was good.  However, a dining experience is not characterized on food alone.  Service has a lot to do with the experience, and due to the "surly" servers, I would rate this experience as unfavorable.So a friend of mine decided upon going here the other day because of the Happy Hour here. The time we were both there had been years ago when they lived RIGHT down the street, two blocks away from the place. Yelp wasn't even on the internet back then but here we were again. The decor was different since the last and we were eating outside then but I noticed it when we came inside. People love this place because even when I pass by here there are always patrons dining. It seemed to be a steady flow of them on this night as well.
 We ordered the Lemon Drop Martini (my new favorite) with Svedka vodka and the appetizers of Clams Casino and Tomato Brushetta. The music was great and I found myself using my sound finding app to get some of the music I heard. The other stuff I was proud to hear because I owned it already. Nice to hear the music you listen to in cool, loungy places like this. Reminds me of when I entertained at home as the same music flowed more clearer off your walls from the speakers. We sat chatting with each other and having another round that was followed by dessert of a small but overpriced dish of Apple pie. Again for the price of some of these dishes more food should be served or else one could go somewhere else and get a better serving size, taste and enjoyment for far le$$ but overall I would come again and maybe next time I'll see how their Lasagne taste. Stay tuned.Despite being a mob scene at lunch the service was very efficient. I ate a slice of pepper and sausage and it was excellent: the crust was perfectly crisp, the cheese and sauce were flavorful and I could tell the sausage and peppers were fresh. While 3.75 for a slice was high, the pizza is delicious and it ain't cheap being in the  Comcast Center.Stopped in for lunch a little while ago. As usual, it was a busy day at the Comcast Center, and fortunately, LaScala's wasn't nearly as crowded as some of the other places in that food court. That's good to know especially when you are limited on time. If you're going here in the first place, you probably are.
They are particularly fast if you are just getting pizza. It's already made and they have this toaster conveyor belt thingy - I know it has a name and I don't know what it's called - that they heat it up on. So if you are ordering pizza they will literally have you out in around 5 minutes - depending on how long the line is. If you are getting something else, you will wait a little while. Under normal circumstances, it wouldn't feel like you wait that long, but when slices of pizza are flying out of the oven, and people are coming and going, it seems like a bit of a wait.
The food is worth the wait. One of the best meatball parm heros ever. Great fresh ingredients, just the right proportions, very satisfying. Will definitely return.Great atmosphere, authentic food, really good drink selections. Prices were fair and modest. Wait staff was amazing. I definitely recommend the pasta dishes.Party of 6 seated right away. The Lasagna was excellent. Served piping hot, a large portion, and the marinara sauce was very good. The Chocolate Cake was also good.Wow! We consider ourselves pizza snobs, goes with coming from north Jersey, and the pizza here was great. My picky eater husband ate all the fresh mozzarella and his ravioli. My son's pizza - again really good. My salmon was just as wonderful. Shocked to see so few stars. We really enjoyed our meal.We came here after a day of sightseeing. The place is super cute and the staff is very nice. We really enjoyed talking to our waiter. The food and prices didn't quite deliver to expectations.
Ordered the Caesar salad, the LaScala's favorite, and the house white carafe. The croutons almost broke my husbands teeth, the sandwich was average and the house white carafe filled only two glasses and was more expensive than just ordering two glasses ‍
We enjoyed the bread and butter/balsamic dip at the beginning and it was a nice place to get out of the rain - but not sure if we would go back.We went to Lascalas last night for s friend's birthday dinner. We had reservations at 9:00 and showed up a few mins late - but thankfully they weren't super busy and were able to seat us right away.
I had the Pappardelle and sausage pasta, which was delicious - and my two friends ordered ravioli and chicken Marsala; they both loved their dishes. Service was prompt and friendly, and they even gave us a slice of their lemon cake and 3 Limoncello shots for free. Very thoughtful. All in all, it was great and I will be returning.This place has excellent food & service,  have been here a few times for lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed.  This is some of the best Italian food I've ever had,  you'll love it.I write this over that cold leftover slice in your fridge that honestly does taste just as awesome cold. I don't really believe people when they say stuff like that but with La Scala's, the magic is real.
 On occasion my office orders La Scala's for lunch and it's that one pizza place with quirky pizzas that everyone surprisingly loves! My favorite it the mediterranean with eggplant and ricotta- it's an awesome leftovers pizza, too!
We also like to get the chicken and broccoli, but there are so many great options! Order by the slice at storefront, or choose an amazing salad. It's a pricey place, but most of the Marketplace is, and I feel like this has the best quality of each of its features for the price.
Avoid lunch hour, though, or order ahead!Wounderful service and food!By far one of my favorite restaurants in the city! The food is always excellent and the specials aside from the actual menu are always a hit. The ambience is a relaxed setting and the staff was very pleasant! Great place to have family dinners and birthday partiesThis restaurant has been a hit for my family and I. When we go to center city, most of the time we come here. I like that is casual and has excelent food. The service is mostly quick. They want to get the food hot to your table. This is our must tries for you:
For a starter we get the chopped salad. It is filled with assorted meats and chesses. It is light and doesnt fill you up too much. Besides, I try to save room for my main course.
Our second course is the famous stromboli. You can fill it with an assortment of delicious toppings. We enjoy just having pepperoni. For a heads up the basic stromboli for them is filled with chesse, sweet peppers, onions, and tomato sauce. It is awesome and very delicious.
If we save room, most of the time we will get a canoli that they make homemade. It is sweet and what a traditional canoli should be. 
If you notice, they give you a basket of bread. It has this olive oil and balsomic mixture on the side
Overall an excelent experience at LaScala's. Hope you come there soon!!!!! :)My family enjoyed our meal at LaScala and will return. Our waiter made a 'special' lemonade drink for my kid and even if that is what he does for anyone that orders a lemonade, he made my kid feel special.  You get a nice tip for that and a nice review on Yelp.
Oh yeah:  food above average. Chopped salad and the margarita pizza real tasty.  
It sounded like they had meals for kids but not a separate kids menu.  Our server mentioned they had a smaller 'plain' pizza for kids, so if you are dining with kids you may want to ask.  Our 8-yr old likes to try new things from the regular menu so we didn't ask.I went here with a large group and the experience was poor. For a table of 10+, the service was surprisingly bad (one would think the opposite). It took a long time to get drinks and dishes out to the table, and it felt like on numerous occasions the server had to retrieve items that were already asked for. 
The food was equally as disappointing. I had this bad feeling that the food was going to be poor shortly after we were seated and there were already indications of dysfunction. I went with the Risotto, which I highly regret. Risotto is a high risk-high reward dish as it's not easy to make and needs a lot of attentions to detail (i.e. constantly stirring for 20+ minutes). Given all the warning signals of the first 10-15 minutes of the restaurant, it was foolish for me to order a complicated dish that needed a high attention to detail. A simple pasta with red sauce would have probably been safer. But, I ordered a risotto, and the restaurant made it poorly. 
Certainly would not recommend this place, and is one is looking for a meal in Center City, there undoubtedly are better places than LaScala's.Ahh!   So, THATS why this place continuously gets the "Best Italian in Philly" award.   Went there before a show last Thursday, and it's just a darn fine place. Over the years, I've come to realize that a restaurant's Caesar Salad is a very good marker of how good the rest of the meal will be, as a whole.  Well, this salad was mighty good!  It's kinda big for one person (that's what she said), so we had them split it for two. All-in-all, the beer list was good, the service was great, the ravioli was even better...and then, there was the dessert :)    It was something like "chocolate-chip-banana bread pudding", but whatever the real name of it is, I highly recommend. The prices really are pretty decent too, considering it's location.  And, lastly...to the disappointment of the wonderful folks at the PPA...there's FREE PARKING..woohooo!!!      (Which I didn't use for some reason...).      Next time, I'll know better, and because this food was so good, there will be plenty more next-times!There's nothing wrong with LaScala but there's also nothing particularly noteworthy about it either. 
When we lived nearby, it was a decent, albeit pricey, option for delivery if we were unable to get out. Now that we're not a stone's throw away, I can't think of any good reason to go here. 
It's a decent restaurant that might stand out more in a suburban location but, downtown, it drowns in a sea of better options.Okay. Not GREAT. food was fine. Nothing special or particularly outstanding. It was good. Service was pretty solid. Tiramisu was sour?  Not sure why. Didn't finish it. It's silly that this is not a long enough reviewI have often eaten here and it has been a go to place for about 5 years.  It is now off the list of options.
Over the last two visits here, the quality of the food has dropping.  Most recently ate there this weekend and the food was underwhelming.  My friend had the chicken parm and said it was tasteless.   She also had clams, that she said were good.  I had the lasagne which I felt was poor, again, rather tasteless.  
On the prior visit we noted that the food seemed to be declining.
There was a time that I regularly recommended LaSallas to people visiting the city.  As stated by my friend as we walked away, "It's off the list."
Additionally, the cleanliness of the bathrooms was also an issue.The happy hour menu at LaScala's in Old City Philadelphia is so amazingly GOOD! I tried the fried ravioli, fried calamari, meatballs & 12" pizza and everything was $6 each. Plus the house wines were perfect for an evening starter. Bravo! I'll be sure to come back and try a dinner soon.Restaurant was almost completely empty when I walked in at 5:45. I asked for 1. Was told I could not be accommodated until 8pm. I asked if I could sit at the bar and was told no even though there were plenty of seats. I asked the guy if he was serious and he said he was. Called him on his bullshit and said if they didn't want my money I would go somewhere else. He got all angry and defensive. The place was EMPTY! Will not come here again.
After I finishing eating somewhere else I walked back by. The restaurant still had many empty tables.Great dinner! We came for dinner before the Broad Street Run and all choose amazing pasta dishes.  I had the Rigatoni with Vodka Sauce and it was delicious.   My boyfriend had something with sausage and meatballs (also amazing) and his friend had a dish with mushrooms and broccoli I believe.  All of us loved our meals.  The bread in the beginning was typical but they serve it with butter IN olive oil with herbs - something none of us had had before and it was very tasty!  Our server was great and friendly.  We had Vanilla Bean Creme Brule for dessert and it was out of this world.  Highly recommended.Stopped in for late afternoon drinks and a snack. The three of us shared two apps. They were excellent. Great bartender! Love this place! I'd definitely go back.This is a delicious Italian restaurant!  Casual atmosphere with very good food. We've been here before the theater and for lunch on Saturday afternoon. Would return anytime!  Good service and very consistent delicious food.I would say this is a decent place to eat but not spectacular. The food is regular Italian-nothing cutting edge.  Good portions with plenty of leftovers. 
The bread is served with an olive oil, butter, cheese combination that is amazing. My seafood fraDiavolo was chockful of crabmeat and shrimp which it should be for $26. Everything is probably overpriced by about $5 to $10. 
A big plus is that they have FREE parking for dinner and the weekends which makes it super convenient.  It's also near many of the tourist attractions.
Overall, expect a decent, good meal but nothing spectacular.I have been to LaScala's many times for lunch, so my review is based strictly on lunch experience. The dipping oil that comes with the bread is awesome, and goes perfectly with any of the great salads. My favorite salad is the caesar with grilled salmon. The chef will happily add the salmon for an extra $7 but it's a huge great salmon fillet which is guaranteed to up your protein intake and hold you over until dinner! 
Beet salad good, but you'd better love beets, and chopped salad is a safe bet as well. 
The wait staff at lunchtime is hit or miss. Although they aim to please, service can be a little in attentive, especially if you are in the dining room to the right. If you are only a table of two, you may be seated very close to other tables, so I try to either request a window table to the left or  a "quiet table"', and they always oblige. If it's super busy, you can sit in the bar area at one of their pub style tables. This works if it's crowded, you are on a short lunch break, or you don't feel like waiting for a table in dining room.
Overall, I love this place, but couldn't go beyond 3 stars for now since service and stale croutons this time around held me back.I read other reviews and was a little hesitant about how our dining experience would be. We went for a girls' dinner during restaurant week. (Went there January/February or 2010 actually and forgot to finish my review!)
Ambiance: Restaurant feel with remnants of a sports bar.
Considering how most restaurants tends to skimp a little when it comes to restaurant week, LaScala's did not. 
I got try a little of each person's dish. Below are my reviews of each:
Seafood Cocktail: Straight seafood. Two Jumbo shrimp, half a lobster tail, and not a small one at that, and enough crab meat to make a crab cake made entirely of crab. Not too much flavor, just a hint. I assume they wanted to preserve the taste of each crustacean.
Seared Scallops: Not too many scallops but absolutely delicious. Came with a bed of greens, garlic mushrooms, and fried potato chips. flavors melted together wonderfully.
Mussels (white): A pretty big plate of mussels for what you'd expect. They did not skimp at all! They were some of the best mussels I've had, very flavorful and did not taste like the ocean (as mussels often do.)
Having started this review last year, I don't remember much else haha but I would definitely go back, restaurant week was a fantastic deal there!
Don't let the decor deter you, the food is nothing like bar food!Loved it.  Ordered in to our hotel- pizza, meatballs and caprese salad.  Great find. Reasonable price. Delicious.Don't be fooled by the sports bar look of this restaurant. The food is more upscale Italian cuisine which was tasty, fresh and beautifully arranged. Appetizers are around $10, entrees start at $21.Came with a large group and had a great experience. Favorite items were the vodka rigatoni and arancini balls. Highly recommend both items, the salads were great as well.Food was wonderfully made. Atmosphere very nice,
 Service excellent. Prices were worth it! Love the duo who walk around and play music!I was searching for a good Italian Restaurant in Philadelphia and came across LaScala's. I really enjoyed the food.. it was great. I ordered the Chicken Parm. and my fiancee ordered the Baked Encrusted Tilapia. Both entrees were very tasty. The ambience was quiet and romantic. The music was not as overwhelming as others have stated in previous reviews. I will definitely return to this restaurant. Awesome food.Went for a Valentine's Day night out on Friday. They were able to get us in earlier than our reservations. Had a fantastic experience with phenomenal service from everyone we came in contact with. Our waiter really made for a great experience! Very friendly, gave excellent recommendations and his service was impeccable. The food was prepared to darn near perfection. It really made for an excellent night out! Wasn't our first time nor will it be our last! Thanks again for a great night!Exquisite pizza. Had the pizza marg and loved it! So. Good. Great service. Would consider a road trip to Philly just to eat that pizza again!Having had a cruddy lunch at a diner in Wilmington, DE I was really looking forward to finding something good to eat for dinner. La Scala's did not disappoint. I was walking around looking for a place near my hotel and this place caught my eye. I browsed the menu outside and the risotto looked great. I sat at the bar, ordered a Magic Hat beer and the risotto. I asked that they throw a little pancetta in with the risotto...needless to say, great risotto. Killer olive oil, butter, balsamic reduction with the bread.
If I come back to Philadelphia, I'm definitely going to try to eat here again. To be honest every thing I saw the other patrons ordered looked really good. I just had a hankering for risotto this time. BTW, the risotto portion is immense. I could only finish about 3/5 of it and took the rest back to the hotel for a late night nosh.
Since I sat at the bar, I can only comment on the staff there. They were very attentive and professional. They are prompt with my requests and great all around.I would actually rate this a 2.5.  I work literally right above this restaurant (this restaurant is in the side corner of floor 1 of the federal building) and so I've been here just a few times.  
The salads and pastas are okay but I had a bad experience with a scallop/risotto vegetable dish being unbearably greasy.  The oil actually covered the bottom of the plate, which was really kind of gross.  The service was really slow and one time after we were seated nobody came by to take our orders for a LONG time.  I almost left.
Oh, and it doesn't help that a really old guy.. I mean like, older than my dad, in a business suit tried to pick me up as I was eating my salad at the bar (they didn't have any more tables open during lunch).  Yay. =_=.This was wonderful food, service was on the spot. Wines were good. All in all an excellent big city restaurant.Not bad for typical Italian fare. Not to expensive considering it's in center city. Good taste, friendly, fast service. I would eat here again if fate brought me here, but I'm not going out of my way to get back.The atmosphere is great. The menu doesn't have a huge selection, but everything I've gotten here was excellent!  The chicken wings are my favorite. :-)Loveeeee this place. The seafood diavlo is to DIE for. Fresh, spicy, and tasty. Also, their selection of pizzas are just what the Dr. ordered. I go here whenever I was good food for good pricing.To start, the food was very good all around. The appetizers and desserts that I had sampled were very good. I ordered the black spaghetti, which was the first time I had every had, or heard, of it. Excellent.
The service was a little slow, particularly odd considering that we were one group out of only a few in attendance. We were also seated in a far back corner despite the entire restaurant pretty much being open. At any rate, the food is worth going back for, and I plan to.I enjoy good Italian. This was typical, sauce from a jar, pizza dough that resembled captains wafers, and service I wouldn't wish on someone I didn't like, kind of Italian. They may have been in business 80 years, and have 5 branches, but it must be because good places fill up and people don't want to walk. 
I sat for 20 minutes unable to get a refill on icedtea, and the table next to mine, ended up sharing their waiter with me because my waitress went somewhere and never returned. 
Do yourself a favor and keep walking.I eat here once a week. Great papperdele and bucatini. Casual atmosphere and very good food.My first experience here was excellent which led me to go back to LaScala's for a second visit. The first time I went with a large group of friends, and our waiter was absolutely fantastic! He was friendly, happy, informative and seemed genuinely interested in providing quality service. I loved my first experience so much I insisted on bringing my family to the restaurant so they could see how great it is; however, I left embarrassed. The second visit to this restaurant was the exact opposite of my first experience. Mostly due to the poor service and rudeness of our waiter. 
Initially, the hostess sat the three of us at an eight top. The table was not suitable for them because they must have had a larger party reservation that needed our table; this led to an embarrassing move across the restaurant to a more suitable table, and the waiter was less than friendly when he informed us that we needed to move, as if it were our fault that the hostess sat us at the wrong table! 
Next, our food came out TOO fast. We were looking to have a nice enjoyable experience over drinks and dinner however, we felt rushed. Not only did our food come out too fast, but the chicken in my pasta dish was INEDIBLE. It was over-cooked, tasted like it had been cooked in the microwave and was literally the texture of rubber! (This was not at all my experience the first time I visited, and I was really looking forward to having this dish a second time.) I even had everyone at the table taste the chicken, just to confirm that it was not just me who thought the chicken was bad. When I informed the waiter, he ripped the plate from me, did not apologize, inquire or offer any kind of condolence. By the time the new dish came out everyone at my table had finished their dinner. (The second dish DID meet my expectations). 
The waiter was extremely rude throughout the entire dining process. He never smiled, never welcomed us. He did not even offer Parmesan cheese with our pasta dishes! He went as far to mock and complain about the guests sitting behind us! He mentioned something about them coming into the restaurant "only to be seen, and not for the actual food" after they left disgruntled due to the fact that he had ignored them for a good 15 minutes. I was confused as to why he would even complain to us about other customers, as we were less than thrilled to have him as a waiter as well! 
To make matters worse, I was really looking forward to eating leftovers for dinner tonight. Yet, the person who wrapped our food gave us the wrong leftovers, so i ended up with someone else's left over dinner.Expensive.
Chose calamari as an app and a small chicken wing stromboli as my meal.  Definitely is enough for two ppl. 
Woman's bathroom is VERY nice and clean.Very disappointing....overpriced and the food was not great.  Service not good either.  Would not recommend this.Holy Pasta Batman!  Went here with a date and mistakenly got an appetizer- ok well it was a pizza we disguised as an appeztizer.  Clam and bacon to be precise and it was different but good.  However on to the pasta course- I got the fusilli with seafood and it was AMAZING.  The plate arrives and it was enough pasta for dinner and two lunches (and I am no skimpy eater)!  However funny part to the story is my date got the lobster ravioli and his had 6 little squares compared to my monstrous plate.  Seafood was exceptionally fresh and the sauce was great.  
Now I cant forget about the delicious bread and dip- honestly I could have feasted on that and been a happy diner.  Service was pretty good as well but it super crowded- definitely try to get a table not in the bar area or you might have lots of people pretty much towering over you while eating.It was our first time to visit Philadelphia. We found this place by chance and we were delighted with the food and service. Our server was great. The dessert was superb. We will certainly return if we get a chance to visit Philly again.Extremely fast food. The calamari is to die for. I had the Fusilli with seafood which was the recommendation of the waiter. Great choice, absolutely loved it. We had the tiramisu and the brownie sundae sans the nuts. Perfection. I highly recommend eating here.Very disappointed in your level of service. I made reservations for a 5:30 dinner for two. We were sat in a busy area, meanwhile there was 5 empty booths near the window. We requested to move before sitting down. The hostess stated that those tables were for reservations only. Well, we made reservations so why is our money not good enough? 
To top it off- my father had previously hosted a lunch party earlier in the day totaling $1500. 
I even tried to speak to the hostess about it and she was as clueless as can be.We went here to meet our son who was at a convention in Philadelphia and take my wife for her birthday. I had a seafood dish which is very good. I like a sweet source which is what they use. The lobster ravioli was delicious. The service was very good and I'd recommend this restaurant.Absolutely horrific experience. 18 People with a reservation with a pre set dinner. 15 minutes before we were greeted by the one waiter who presented with an attitude. When we asked for another waiter, we were told no one was available and he would be fine. 25 minutes later we started to get drinks 5 at a time. When we asked again for another waiter, the manager came over and yelled at the table. We will NEVER be back and I recommend no one attempt a visit.It was a miserable spring night - cold and rainy.  But I promised my daughter some good Italian food and found this on Open Table.  I was mildly disappointed when I got there, it looked very generic inside and we were seated in a booth which was nice, but in the bar area.  Everyone was friendly, but it was a slow night and we were kind of far away from the main action, so we did feel a little abandoned at times.  (I should note that there is a nicer main dining room that wasn't being used that night)
All was forgiven when the food came out, everything was great!  We were still full of our huge 3 sandwich lunch at Tony Luke's, so we were trying to take it easy and shared a Caesar salad, a pizza, lobster ravioli and sausage and peppers side.  Again I have to say, everything was great!  This started as a pizza place and it has gone beyond that!Food was delicious again . The server was pleasant and delivered food in a timely manner. Ambience was perfect . One of our favorite places to dine. Great date, romantic placeWhat a great experience.  Having lived over in Europe for 8 years and know those folks don't rush through dinner there anytime I mention before we order that we are on European Time the wait staff smile and understand NOT to rush us through our meal just to set new diners down.
The food is excellent and with the exception of them being completely out of bread during our last visit I have never been disappointment ~ in fact someone went across the street and brought bread to our table even though they were out.
Well done!  SERVICE lives.......LaScala's is one of my favorite restaurant here.. Great atmosphere & food. I love the Fusilli with Seafood. They also have a good "happy hour" menu; $4 house wines, $2.50 draft beers, & appetizers from $4.50 to $5. Take a stop in., they so take reservations.Attended a beer dinner here and it was outstanding. The beers were extremely varied and unique, and each pairing was spot-on. The veal shoulder with scallops and lardons was out of this world. Service was attentive and friendly but not hovering. Overall great experience, will definitely be back.Went there for lunch after visiting the area sights.  Really good pizza and Italian chopped salad.  My favorite was the balsamic glaze, garlic, herb & oil dip for the fresh bread.  OMG, I could eat that all day long !Service was great....the server timed everything perfectly either by luck or on purpose.  
Caprese & Meatball apps were excellent.
Fusili Seafood was also very good.
Other than a large group in the backroom going nuts every time the Eagles had a play, the night was great.  
Coming from Manhattan, I found the prices to be reasonable.ugggh...the disappointment!!!  This place used to be FAB.  They had AMAZING crab fries--with REAL LUMP CRABMEAT, mind you--not just crab fries with Old Bay seasoning.  They took them off of the menu.  They used to have an AMAZING signature salad called the Mediterranean....off the menu.  They had another dish that I loved...off the menu.  I don't know what's happening here, but clearly the menu choices are not being influenced by public opinion, as numerous complaints have occurred over the years regarding the above and nothing has changed.  Salad are overpriced, but I used to pay it because they were great...lately they've been lacking, but the price remains inflated.  I used to love this place, but sadly I'm now going to olde city for great meals at comparable prices.Stopped in for a real quick lunch last week. I decided to grab a slice of their plain pie to see if it really was worth the $3+tax. 
Well it was...a slice of pizza! Nothing special at all just your regular run of the mill pizza--not even an over-sized slice. There was nothing bad at all about it, I did enjoy it but like I said it wasn't anything wonderful for the price.
Good in a pinch but I would go elsewhere for pizza unless you don't mind spending $$.Another 5 stars based on my personal experience.  The seafood fusilli with vodka sauce was the best vodka sauce that I have had.  We also had the risotto balls as an appetizer which was excellent.  Great wine, great food, nice environment, and great service.  
I will put this high on the list for a return visit while in Philly.Meh. This  is a classic 3 star place.  It's convenient and fine.  The portions are huge and the prices are good.   When there are so many other options for Italian in the city, however, I can't imagine La Scala's being a frontrunner for a night out.  It is decent for large groups who need to get in and out quickly. 
Theoretically, I would send a hot and tired family from small town USA here after they completed the Philly tourist circuit.  (nothing against small town USA, I actually love small town USA... and John Cougar Mellancamp.)I'm giving this place 4 stars for dinner. Lunch was not great, and I've heard this from other people as well. I had a chicken parm sandwich and it was super bland for lunch. I did, however LOVE the dinner! And my sisters love it there too. The lobster ravioli was amazing and so were the mussels in white sauce. Really nice inside and the bar area is nice too. OH and the employees are amazing and kind. We went for a girls dinner and drinks night and stayed so long that the employees gave us complimentary shots!Great food. Ok service. Not greeted at door and got feeling like they were annoyed especially since we didn't have a reservation even though restaurant not even half full.Perfect Sunday afternoon meal. Able to keep an eye on the games across the bar too. Great bread, sauce and calamari. Salads were very fresh also.Lascala's food is great. We come here for work and I find myself thinking about this place on the weekend. 
They have great pizzas, great pastas and a decent ambiance. They have outdoor seating and let me bring my puppy along for lunch once and did not give me grief. Really this is an enjoyable place for lunch it's on the higher end of lunch prices for me, but it really is worth every bit- and their portions I find to be out of control so you really end up having at least 2 meals so then it's not pricey at all.
I have had a snooty waiter here before, but seriously, that happens at many nice places in the city doesn't it?I am reviewing the Le Scala offshoot in the COMCAST center.  I have been there now twice - once for lunch (and it was hoppin') and another time for a quick dinner. (They close at 7 or 8 PM.)
Both times I had pasta dishes - but my husband had pizza (he said it was good but not great.) and a friend had a salad that he LOVED.
I really enjoyed my fresh fettuccine dish and a was able to substitute marinara for the usual rich cream sauce.
The cashier was freiendly even though she was slammed with customers, and my order was processed relatively quickly both times.
I'll return.The only reason I'm giving it two stars and not one is because the artichoke appetizer was great.  
Other than that, the service was lacking and the food wasn't good. I'm a server myself, and it pissed me off that I had to get up and ask for cheese that they were supposed to bring. The gnoccis were dense and chewy (if you like light and fluffy, don't order them here!) 
We won't be back. I don't recommend this place at all.Diner at LaScala's on Saturday, March 2, 2013 before going to Walnut Street Theater.  Dinner was wonderful from appetizers to dessert.  We both had specials.  The fresh pasta was delicious.  To make our dining experience even better was our waiter.  He was attentive, informative and very pleasant.  Thanks Brandon for a nice dinner out!Took our interns out to lunch, we didn't have a reservation so we he to sit at the bar, they were booked for lunch on a Tuesday! Good sign. The food was delicious I am gluten free and they had tons of options ! Will definitely be going backOverall I wasn't too impressed with LaScala.  Our server appeared to be extremely disinterested in serving us... or even being there. He basically wandered over about 10 minutes after we were seated and asked us what we wanted. Didn't even come over and ask if we wanted drinks or appetizers. We asked for some table bread and that took several more minutes. 
Food wise, it wasn't the best Italian I ever had but it was edible. I had a pasta and seafood dish that was huge, but was lacking in the seafood department.  I would say that the portions were generous for the hearty eater. 
Parking around here is hit or miss.Not bad but not outstanding.
We walked past this place for a couple of days to and from the historic district.
Finally we decided to give it a shot.  
Decent atmosphere, good waitress.
I had the fettucinii with goat cheese.  Flavor was good but it didn't seem to me the goat cheese brought anything to the party.
My gf had the nut encrusted cod, a daily special.   She reported it was excellent.
The oil dip they bring for the bread was particularly tasty to both of us.
Overalll it was ok.  If I was in the mood for italian and was standing right in front of it I would go back.  If I had time I would probably explore another place..Chef was rude and management worthless when we simply wanted to substitute pasta for a vegetable. Not only did they not accommodate me and charge me for the veggie the Chef visited our table not to appease me but to question why I felt that vegetables were healthier altnernative to pasta - seriously?! The food is mediocre at best so no love loss here. Old City is full of wonderful and better priced restaurants. Won't be visiting nor recommending this place ever again!!Excellent service 
Excellent menu 
Excellent food 
Excellent bar 
We will most definitely be returning to LaScala's, there were so many entrees on the menu that I opted for the daily special, just in case it wasn't available next time. The scallops were fantastic! Everyone in our party (of four) was quite impressed with the service, the portions, and the food. 5 stars in the beautiful city of Philadelphia. Happy Dining!Chances are, if I'm getting lunch at the Comcast Center, I'm going straight for LaScala's! They used to run a 2 slice with soda special that was like $7 or $8... but even though they no longer have the special, can still get the same thing for just a tad bit more.
I normally get my favorite, the buffalo chicken pizza, but have started branching off and trying some different slices as well. Newest favorite is the spinach and pepper that has olives, feta, etc on it. Slices are huge! Definitely great portion size! Only thing that irks me is that their to-go "containers" are just the slices on plates and inside a paper bag. I normally get my slices to go so having to carry it back a block is sometimes a pain. But that doesn't stop me from getting this yummy pizza!!We walked around and last minute decided to walk in and give this restaurant a try.  We had the grilled eggplant and octopus salad.  Octopus salad was very fresh and has chickpea.  It was a hit with my husband.  For dinner, we all ordered pasta and it was all hit the spot. What I like most about the pasta is that they have great sauce and unlike a lot of Italian restaurant, it was not over salt.  The cheese they used were very fresh.  The only negative is their Alfredo sauce is not really true alfredo, it looks like tomato sauce with goat cheese.  We ordered a pizza to take home for the kids and they love it too.took the lady for a slightly more fancy dinner then we usually do. I read a few reviews and decided it was worth a shot. I unfortunately waited till later in the day to make my reservation which meant we ate later and missed a few of the specials as they sold out. Over all it was a great dinner and experience. I wasn't aware of the free parking deal they have with the parking garage above? For the money it could have been a little better but it wasn't bad by any means. Our waitress was awesome and the quality of the food gets 8 of ten stars. I would go back again.My husband and I were hosting visitors from out of town.  We'd just finished the silly but fun duck tour and our group of 6 agreed upon an Italian lunch.  It was noon on a weekday and many places we walked past were packed.  My first clue about this place should have been the uniformed employees sitting on the outdoor tables out front smoking cigarettes.  No judging about the smoking-but why do it sitting on tables where people eat right in front of the establishment?  When we entered we were promptly and warmly greeted by the hostess.  The interior was nicely appointed though I couldn't help but notice there was only one table occupied in the entire restaurant-ignored clue #2.  As we were perusing the menu (nothing terribly exciting but solid conventional offerings) the server came for our drink orders.  Now, I'm partial to Coke products and given the hot day was craving a fountain soda diet Coke.  I was disappointed to learn they only had Pepsi products and was about to order iced tea when my sweet husband offered to go to the nearby convenience store to get my diet coke and pour it into a glass from the restaurant.  The server's response:  "THIS is a restaurant."  Thanks, Captain Obvious.  Subsequently, the server snarked answers to some questions regarding menu items and everyone at our table started looking at each other like,"Is this bizarre, or is it just me?"  I ignored clue #3 and we began placing our orders when my husband left the table ostensibly to ask the manager if he could bring in a soda for me.  Hubby was told no in no uncertain terms.  I worked in restaurants for years:  server, sous chef & front of house manager.  Never would I have been so rude to customers or for that matter, forgone the income of a 6 top for a 2 dollar soda.  Given the unprofessional behavior of everyone we'd encountered but the hostess, we were concerned about the prep of our food.  So we stopped ordering, gathered our things and left before the folks at La Scala soured our fun day.  The food may be fine there, but neither we nor anyone we know will darken their doorstep again.  There are far too many fine restaurants with great food AND service in Philadelphia for anyone to subject themselves to the sort of foolishness we encountered here.  I'm not royalty and don't expect to be treated as such but a modicum of courtesy would've been nice.  As a small business owner myself, I do understand there are potential clients who are challenging at best-but we were not those people. So we took ourselves to another restaurant to drop $300 on a nice lunch.  I run a concierge business so keep a journal with store front pictures of places I've been.  For La Scala's last act, when I took a picture outside a few employees came out to shout taunts at me across the street and behave like monkeys. . .as the title states-very bizarre.Food is amazing, but bar service can be challenging. Nice folks but no attention to detail, and low on personality (tonight anyway) no offering of cheese on a pasta dish, no asking what kind of wine I would like, Eric. If you like it hot, try the diablo sauce! Spicy!!! Great with a chicken parm! Plus old 70's rock music on sound, TV's have sports and people are try to have a classy Italian meal, a little confusing! Come for the food!Worse dinner I have ever had.  Sauce was like a weak tomato soup no flavor at all. Muscles full of sand.   Would not recommend at all!Perfect experience with 7 friends last night! Extensive wine list, everyone delighted in their dinner selections & server Sergio brought it to 5 stars. I'll be back next time in Philly!LaScala's is the mainstay that my workgroup goes to for team lunches because it's close to the office and who doesn't like pizza? It's mediocre Italian food - an independent Olive Garden. It's clean, has seating that is good for large groups, and the service is friendly. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but it is convenient.Great menu and a wonderful staff.
Wonderful lunch time experience.
Don't get into the city often but when I do 
I will be back.I was here randomly for a quick dinner. A friend used to live around here and he was in town so he wanted  to hit up the spot again. We sat outside  so I can't comment on the inner decor.
We just had soda.
I didn't really know what to order but since I like seafood our waiter recommended the seafood Fusilli. I am not a big italian  fan so when this place was suggested a small part of me decayed. 
But man that Seafood Fusilli was on point! It was a very large portion that i could not finish. Not too creamy, sorta spicy. Had tons of seafood in it. 
I took the rest home and ate it for lunch for two days (yeah It was that much..then again I don't eat large portions). 
I think when in  the city I may just walk by and order this badboy to go...
My friend  had the chicken parm which  was large and in charge. He has had it before and he cleaned his plate.
I didn't read the reviews prior to going. I did see the overall rating wasn't 4-5stars so that put doubt in my mind but my experience was 4 stars.Went here for Valentine's Day. The ambiance is perfect for the occasion and the food is delicious. All pastas are fresh made - recommend the rigatoni in vodka sauce and ravioli. 
At first, the service was entirely disappointing. It seemed that we were forgotten, and after waiting 45 minutes for our food, I got up to ask the hostess. She explained that the kitchen was having timing issues and apologized. 
When our food came, it was completely made up for. Our entire meal was on-the-house, because of the wait. This included calamari, the pastas, and a beautifully made limoncello cake. The cake, which was made with raspberry sauce, tasted exactly like my childhood favorite, which they had stopped making in my area. I was amazed at the similarity. 
Though slow, our waiter was kind. He allowed us to switch to a seat of our choosing, and was very polite. He, and the busboy, offered to take photos and were very happy. Because our meal was on-the-house, the waiter acted as if the failed service was personally his fault and made up for it in strides. The speed was in no way his fault, and he really added to our experience by taking the time to explain the desserts in detail and answer any questions we had.I love when alla vodka is done right and this place does it right. my husband loved his pizza. I only wish we weren't so full from lunch still that we could have tried the risotto balls. oh and the bread here is heavenly. now I like bread sometimes at dinner but this bread omg. I couldn't stop eating it.My husband and I have been here repeatedly over the years. We try something new everytime even though the Pappardelle is FANTASTIC and homemade. I've eaten alot of pasta, and never had a pasta like it! Also, the Arugala salad and mussels red...yummmmy! Went last night before a show at the Walnut St. Theatre and decided to take a leap and try something new. I got the GRILLED PORK CHOP, 14 oz double cut, hot cherry & sweet peppers, caramelized onions, sautéed mushrooms...omg, what a nice surprise. It was cooked perfectly, slightly crispy on the outside, no fat, on bone, tasty and terrific. Even my husband, who is somewhat picky said it was great! Plenty left over for today too. My husband ordered one of the specials; Twin Petite Filets with crabmeat and shrimp, provolone, spinach and peppers. Besides only getting one shrimp, which is odd, he loved it. It was cooked perfectly as well. We did order the mussels, red and asked for spicy and they came out perfectly! We also asked the server to space out our appetizer and dinner b/c we were not in a rush and he did that well. Other than the lack of shrimp and having to look for our waiter a few times, (they all seemed kind-of scarce, even the bus people), our dinner was great. If not for that and the fact that they ran out of bottled water (due to a busy night the night before from restaurant week so the waiter said), we would give 5 stars definately. Oh and our parking was free b/c they validated our parking ticket with the purchase of an entree! Nice bonus!My family came here for dinner and 3 of us ordered the Seafood FraDiavalo (Spicy Seafood Pasta), which they served with spaghetti instead of the linguine because the kitchen ran out and we were told after the food was brought out. The 2 of us were fine eating, but not the third because she doesn't like it. The manager returns and states because she ate majority of it (only the clams and mussels) we'd still have to pay for the entire dish. Seriously? At least take a discount off. She also says that linguine and spaghetti are the same, which sounded condescending and racial. The manager even dared to ask if we would like for them to take the dish back out from the kitchen for her to finish. HEALTH CODE VIOLATION! I have never been so disgusted by restaurant management and we just wanted to leave. The waitress was wonderful and mortified the manager. I would never come back or recommend this place. There are other restaurants that are as good, if not, better.Had dinner with a large group of people for a work thing...Not bad. Probably would not go back unless I'm looking for a lunch spot in this area.We had a wonderful dinner here!  Good drinks and the bread and olive oil/balsamic dipping was delicious in itself. I had the pappardelle special. Was perfect, delicate delicious flavors and texture.  My husband had a simple ziti in meat sauce with meatballs - melted in the mouth. Wish we had come here the next night we were in town. We will be back!I driven by this place a couple times and been dying to try the food. So I thought the perfect opportunity was during restaurant week. So my mom and I went the atmosphere was nice although a little drafty. The start of the meal was good! The mussels in the white wine sauce is awesome, and the salmon was also very good and fresh. Towards the end of my meal I was anticipating my dessert which I order raspberry cheesecake! Well not only did they bring out the wrong cheesecake the waiter was very rude and persistent to try in persuade me that I had ordered the cheesecake brought out. I explained to him that that was NOT the cheesecake I ordered and her replied very nastily "well, so you don't want it?", all while placing the cheesecake in front of me as to imply I should take what I was being given! I politely asked for the manager and explained the rude behavior of the waiter! The manager proceeded to apologize on behalf of the actions and attitude of the waiter but in turn even the manager showed no real remorse! So the start of my dining experience was good but it turned out quite bad! I would suggest not going here late at night when their close to closing since it seems the waiters become monsters LOL! Oh btw the managers name was Anthony ( could use some hospitality and management training if you ask me!)After passing by many times I've finally gotten the chance to to dine here twice and both times were very pleasing. The hostess was very pleasant and my server was wonderful. I like the dark decor and the high back booths. The bar area was nicely packed & seems pretty lively. The soft bread was paired with the balsamic oil which complimented  it a perfectly. I almost got full and had to stop myself. My meal was quite tasty. I had asked for a dish that wasn't on the menu, linguini pasta with sun dried tomatoes, capers and spinach topped with chicken parmigiana. The only thing I can complain about was that upon entering the dining area I almost took what would have been a bad fall had I not grabbed into the back of a diners chair. The floor is extremely slippery and I was wearing flat shoes. When I mentioned it to the hostess she just said "yea, it is pretty slippery." When it was time for me to leave, my waiter was nice enough to escort me to a closer exit because I was truly scared to walk for fear of slipping again. Other than the slippery floor, the food, drinks and service was great. I even took a friend there and gained some cool pints for picking such a good spot!i've been to La Scala's many times to celebrate birthdays but tonight I went with my girlfriends for center city sips and had such an amazing time I had to yelp about it! 
we sat at the bar, had the beer special and some really delicious brushetta. the food is great and it's a beautiful restaurant but the reason i am writing this review is because the bartenders tonight were seriously the most personable i've come across in the city. 
cara immediately greeted us and told us what was going on with the sips specials. she and the other bartender on duty were so tentative and friendly, i really can't wait to go back!We were in Philly visiting for the weekend and decided on La Scala for my birthday dinner. I had other places in mind first, but we had walked all day and didn't want to go very far and were trying to not take a cab anywhere.
Our waitress was ok - not overly friendly but not overly rude. Kind of in the middle but just kind of seemed like she wasn't into it. No personality type of person.
I had the escarole soup for an app which was decent (my mom's is better) and then the short rib agnolotti for my meal....VERY heavy and I actually was surprised by the amount they gave me, kind of a lot for such a heavy dish. But I ate the whole thing anyway. My meal wasn't bad but it wasn't the best I've ever had. The gorgonzola kind of took over the whole plate so that was all I tasted. Again, not terrible but I've definitely had better.
For dessert, the waitress brought the dessert tray for us to decide what to order. She described this ice cream sundae looking thing as Chocolate Brownie Sundae - vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, brownie on the bottom. We chose that, because we liked how it looked and wanted to eat exactly what was in that glass. Well the guy brings out our dessert and says, "Chocolate Covered Strawberry", and then runs away. So we are looking at this dessert and it has strawberry ice cream, strawberry sauce, whipped cream and a chocolate covered strawberry on it. We are not picky people, but we really wanted a chocolate brownie sundae.
We waited for the waitress to come around and told her that we think we were given the wrong dessert. She replied with, "No, there should be a brownie on the bottom." Ok, that's great, but care to explain the strawberry ice cream, strawberry sauce and chocolate covered strawberry that shouldn't be in there? After that we just shut up and ate it but that was definitely NOT what we had ordered.
Overall, it wasn't a bad meal but not the best meal ever. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again if we make it down to Philly sometime in the future.My co-workers and I (6 of us total) decided to try LaScala's for Restaurant Week in September...what a great choice it was! For $35 a person we each received an appetizer, entree, & desert. What was nice about this place was that they allowed you to choose from the entire menu rather then a small selection of food, like most of the restuarants that participate in Restaurant Week. 
I chose the following for my dinner: App - Fried Calamari, Entree - Seafood FraDiavlo, Desert - Tiramisu. All of it was amazing! The portions for the app & entree were huge. All of my gf's loved each & every bit of their food. 
The staff was friendly and attentive and the feel of the restaurant was very warm. Instead of bright overhead lighting, they had candles lit on each table. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and I would def recommend this place to anyone looking for a great Italian dining experience.We went there tonight and my girlfriend is throwing up right now. But besides that it was poor in several other ways. We asked for a booth and were told it was a 35-45 minute wait. We walked in without a reservation so that was to be expected. We sat at the bar and had a wine and two cocktails. The wine and one cocktail were disappointing. The cocktail was especially bad. Pama Old Fashioned was the name of it iirc. Avoid that drink. Funny enough the bartender admitted the drink list needed to be updated and "there's not very much that's good on it." After 50 minutes at the bar a hostess tried to seat us at a very small table directly next to the waiter's computer kiosk and restrooms. We declined that and after talking to her boss she offered us a high seat table across from the bar. Again we declined. Keep in mind that we specifically requested a booth and agreed to wait an extra amount of time for it. So after we stood in front of the hostess desk and discussed going to a quality restaurant directly across the street we were suddenly seated at what appeared to be almost the best booth in the house. Unfortunately that would be the highlight of the evening. Although the waitress was very professional and did everything to deserve a good tip I still felt wrong giving it to her. The food took almost as long to come out as it took to get our booth. The lobster ravioli was tasteless and the meal I ordered, a pork sausage and flat pasta dish that I dont recall the name of, tasted like a discount family dinner from the frozen section. I literally commented that while still eating it. The best tasting dish was the calamari appetizer. Overall this place just sucks. I could deal with the wait if the food blew me away but the food being a massive disappointment was the nail in the coffin and reason for this review. Oh and in all the time it took me to write this my girlfriend is still throwing up. Skip this place and eat across the street instead.It was ok. I would not come back. Bread was not warm but oil was good.   Salad was good but my chicken Parmesan was rather tasteless. And our service was not very at tentative. I would not come back.LaScala's represents an amazing formula - It serves everything you'd expect to get from an Italian-American restaurant. It takes the right amount of Italian ingredients and combines them with just the right amount of American largess. LaScala's doesn't attempt to push any boundaries but sometimes you're not looking for a Modo Mio or a Vetri. Sometimes you just want a huge mound of tasty pasty to shove into your face(and take home for leftovers).
The Rigatoni with vodka sauce is decadently creamy. It is a huge portion. The pancetta adds a meaty twist that brings this to the next level. I liked it a lot.
I also have to give them props for serving bread with butter, olive oil, and (I think) parmesan cheese all mixed together. This is truly an exercise in excess and it works very well. A word of warning - Don't overdo it - This is very filling.
The tiramisu is fine. It isn't anything to write home about.I had alway heard good things about LaScala's, but once I arrived and had an immediate bad experience, I decided to look at reviews and wish I had done so prior to my visit. Three friends and I decided it would be fun to go out to dinner since we never get to see each other. We finally found a night and restaurant that would work for all of us and we were extremely excited.
Once we arrived we were seated immediately, but about 10 minutes later a server finally came over to greet us. As someone who works in the restaurant industry, you greet your table within two minutes of them sitting down. I understand if it was busy, but Saturday night was not the busiest I had ever seen at a restaurant. Once our server came over, he said hello and ran away and then another 10 minutes passes. We would put a drink order in then he would run away again before we could even say what we wanted as an appetizer or even our meal. It took a long time for bread to be brought to the table, and we only wanted it because we were so hungry from waiting eternity to put our order in. We saw two table come and go in the whole time we were there and they had the same amount of people sitting with them. 
We had a 7:30 reservation and received our food at approximately 8:35. I have never been to a place where it took so long for the food to arrive and the server not come over and explain what happened. The food was good, but completely forgotten because of the horrible service. When it was time for the check, we spit it amongst friends and when all the credit cards came back to the table, we noticed the one card was charged almost double. We addressed the issue with the server and he said he would take it all back and refund it and charge the correct price. Not only did he take the card back and charge all of us twice, but he lost one of our credit cards briefly, as it fell under a booth as he was walking away with the book. He was not apologetic since when he lost the card, just kept telling us that we still had the card, even though we did not have the card. He was blaming us when it was his fault. 
I can proudly say I will never return to LaScala's because of their incredibly poor service, rude server staff and all around horrible experience. I am still waiting for the restaurant to refund all of us our money, as this is a huge inconvenience.A delicious and enjoyable meal; service outstanding, timely and friendly, will definitely be back! 
We ordered spicy tuna, mussels and artichokes and all were excellent. Dessert also!Very nice casual upscale dining with wonderful oil, butter and balsamic dip for the seasoned bread rolls. We had the Arancini, Caesar salad, Chicken Parmesan and raviolis were all excellent. Great experienceWe should have listened to the latest reviews and stayed away.  We were there around 9pm, and it was sparsely populated.  The server was slow and indifferent.  I ordered the seafood fra diavolo which was awfull.  The broth had no depth or body.  It honestly tasted like spicy V8 and had the exact same consistency.  The seafood was overcooked.  I had very little of it, and they waiter didn't ask or care.
My daughter had seafood pasta.  It was a little better -- reaching "barely ok."  It had no salt or pepper (something you'd think would be basic.  It took way too long to flag down anyone to get salt and pepper.
I hate to say it, but I'd stay away.  There are so many other wonderful restaurants in the area.We got a reservation on Open Table a half hour before and it was extremely easy. It is located on a quiet street right in the heart of center city. We were greeted friendly and sat immediately. Our server really made our experience wonderful she was kind, helpful, and was present our whole time. We sat a booth next to full length window which made it fun to people watch! The pitcher of sangria is $45 which is on the pricier end, but I would say it served about 8 glasses. The calamari and caprese were delicious appetizers at reasonable price. They also serve you fresh hot bread with melted butter for the table- win! Our rigatoni vodka was good, but nothing special! My only complaints were the quality for the price, but I would recommend and will most likely return!Visisted on 11-16-2016 around 2PM for lunch. Had been doing some shopping, so had some bags with me. Was dressed fairly casually, and when I walked in I was surrounded by other patrons in business attire, so I was immediately concerned the staff would give me attitude. They didn't. The staff - in addition to seeming to be all super hot bearded dudes - was extremely friendly and helpful. I guess it just seems like the lunch crowd is mostly local business douches in terrible ill-fitted Burlington Coat Factory suits. Oh wait, now *I'M* throwing attitude. Mostly because of how many of them stared at me.
Had the beet salad, which is entree sized so I ate half as a starter. Superb. Then had the chicken parm, which was also delicious and far too big for me. Took home half of that as well. Drank an iced tea. $25.92 with tax, tipped 30%.
My only gripe is the music. It sounded like someone put together an "Italio-pop" mix from a coffee shop in 1994. Just awful.Mainstream Italian - Our experiences in Philadelphia were underwhelming, and we chose this for lunch because it had high review numbers on Open Table. It did not measure up to the 4.5 it was given, but it was definitely a decent meal. My spouse disliked her pizza - it was a bit on the doughy and soft side - but the rest of our meal was good, and certainly enjoyable.Great place overall.. I started off with the escarole soup which was great. Great stock and plenty of ingredients in the bowl. Then me and my wife split the meatball trio, little dense for my liking but i liked the flavor, my wife did not. Then onto our entree's and she have the rigatoni vodka with chicken, she didn't eat much because she was full. But this is weird on her end. Most of the the entree was left on her plate. But when we got home with left overs there was hardly any in the small container. Little weird to say the least. I had the Seafood Fra Diavlo (which wasn't bad) i ate the seafood but took the pasta home, lots of seafood in the bowl. But i should have went with the veal parm as it came out next to me and looked fantastic. Only reason i gave 4 starts was because the service was slow but when he was around the service was great. Didn't get dessert since we are both on diets.. overall we will be back. not having to pay for parking was a huge plus. my only other complaint was how expensive a bottle of wine was to be honest its cheaper to get glasses. But the beer prices and serving size is fantastic.Outstanding salad, hand made pizza and a lot of high quality food for the price.
Fresh bread was soft and tasty. 
Waiter was nice.
Great place for family site down dinner. Very nice elegant interior.The food was absolutely amazing but the service was very slow at both the bar and table. Try the appetizers - meatballs, eggplant rollatini, and mussels. Brussel sprouts were average. For dinner, the chicken parm was delicious and the portions were huge! I was a little disappointed that their marinara sauce wasn't very flavorful, because that's a huge part of italian food. Pricey menu, but the leftovers are a whole other meal so it's worth it. We'll be back!Dont go! The industrial beer was the highlight of the dinner. Calamaris were sad, both pizzas were sad, pasta made with gianelli sausage. SAD SAD SADI eat lunch here a couple times a week. I really like their salads and their buffalo chicken wrap. The portions are great. The cashiers are nice. Food is made fresh and always comes out pretty quickly.Delicious!! Very pretty atmosphere! Food was a yummy and drinks were good too! A good place to visit in the city!Great food, came here by review recommendations and do not regret the decision.  If you are near the independence mall area and come to the intersection of 7th ave and chestnut and get some good Italian food.Found this place on our way to a comedy show. I saw some of the negative reviews and can honestly say from the moment we walked in the door the entire staff was friendly and courteous. Our waiter was friendly, polite and offered suggestions. Our appetizers, drinks and meal were delicious. This is no Olive Garden here. The portions were generous and food was very good. Give this place a chance I am sure you wont be disappointed. One last thing, the prices are quite reasonable even by Center City prices. Definitely worth a visitThis place was good, but I wasn't blown away. We ordered the red and white sangria pitchers, and We enjoyed both but they weren't anything special. 
We started with the calamari and bread, which was my favorite part. The calamari came crispy and had a nice kick, and the bread was soft, warm, and tasty!
We ordered a couple pasta dishes, and I thought mine was a bit bland, but tasted better covered in cheese! My friends seemed to enjoy their dishes.Loved the vibe of this place! food was decent - we got an eggplant pizza and the ricotta tortellini. The eggplant pizza was a little bland but the pasta was really good! Got creme brulee for dessert - highly recommend! Overall vibe of the restaurant was greatLaScala's features all the basics one needs from an Italian ristorante in Center City Philly: pasta, chicken, and meatballs. Oh, and a good sauce for all three.  Not the best you've ever had, but definitely good - and worthwhile for return visits. 
A contemporary setting with a perfect location just a block away from the historical attractions on Chestnut. Be sure to request a window seat close to the corner giving you a great view of Philly life and people watching at the busy corner of 6th and Chestnut. 
Service was attentive but not demanding, even for a Friday night on the town.  The bartender mixed good drinks. Went away full and happy. Another plus is complementary parking validation, which can be history in the making when it comes to Philly parking. Way to go, LaScala's.