I was really looking forward to trying out Birra tonight since I heard such great things about their craft pizza. Unfortunately, my dining experience wasn't what I expected... Nonetheless though, the food was truly good.
Pros:
-- Amazing choices of funky pizzas. My friend and I order the Truffle White Pie pizza -- absolutely phenomenal! They place a sunny side up egg in the middle of the pie and it was heavenly... I want an egg on all my pizzas now
-- Versatile beer selection
-- Friendly staff
Cons:
-- I felt more as though I was at a sports bar than at a restaurant... The bar itself takes up what seems like half the first floor. The group of people sitting at the bar behind me were extremely loud and using an excessive amount of profanity in their conversation. One of the drinking patrons was just standing in the foot traffic area right behind me, which caused people to push up against me when walking behind my seat. At one point, I felt one of the waitresses' drink trays right on top of my head!
-- Noise level gets really loud and it becomes a bit hard to hear people sitting across the table
-- Sweet & Spicy Calamari was lacking in expectations... I doubt I would order it again
I definitely would come back again in the future to try it out when it's less crowded!Had the best meal here for a friends birthday. The food was AMAZING. The pizzas are delicious and one of a kind and the staff was great and made our time there enjoyable. Will definitely be going back and will be dreaming about the truffle Mac and cheese and he mortadella pizza forever.Great Beer list, as promised. Salad was solid, and pizza delicious for small, personal pies. But the BEST part is that there is weekday happy hour where you can get one of those little pizzas for $3 and a beer for $2. Can't really beat that with a stick.Some of the best pizza in Philly by my standards: hand stretched crust that's crispy outside and soft inside, plenty of cheese, quality toppings. Nice indoor & outdoor dining spaces, quick & friendly service, excellent craft draft & bottle lists, solid wine list & some cocktails. Both traditional and unique pizzas. The spinach & artichoke and the pear & Gruyere are both AMAZING. The beet salad was too sweet for my taste.I love that this place has happy hour until 7:00pm and they have great happy hour specials: $4 pizzas, $5 sangria/ magarita and beers! 
The food was delicious, wait staff was great, and the atmosphere/ location of the restaurant 
Order the honey pot/jar!! It is ricotta and honey with pistachios sprinkled on top and bread sticks to dip into all that deliciousness.... Love at first bite!
Up next were 3 pizzas: red sauce and mushroom, white pizza with truffle oil, and red wine sauce stuffed crust pizza with meatballs. 
The mushroom pizza was my favorite with truffle oil white pizza following closely behind. I didn't like the stuffed crust pizza at all. I don't know if it was the sauce or everything together but one bite of that was enough for me. 
It's not the best pizza but it's not the worst either. It's good enough for me to come back again and again though. I'd recommend eating the pizza while it's hot. Otherwise it'll become hard. With 7 people sharing 3 pies, each having 3 slices, we were stuffed!! There was about 4 slices left. 
Drinks were small and not that strong.Birra has a great happy hour deal with a beer and a pizza for only $5. The service was very friendly, and my waitress was quite knowledgable about beer. I sat outside since the weather was great, but I wouldn't recommend it. The table I chose was right next to the Septa bus 29 stop, and every few minutes, a smelly bus drove by while loud people continued to congregate at the street corner. Once rush hour ended, dinner resumed to normal, but next time, I'll remember to get a table indoors. I can't wait to try this place again.Food is good, service is abysmal.  Mussels used to be great, now they are flavorless.  Pizza is still good.  I truly felt like I was disturbing the bartender by asking for anything.  The pounding gangsta rap was offensive.This place is great but I really just want to write this review for their AMAZING seared artichokes. Hands down, best artichoke I have ever had. I crave them every other day. Fresh chokes, seared on the grill with a delicious lemon garlic aioli. I can't rave enough. SO GOOD!!!! You get 2 whole artichokes, sliced in half (4 pieces). It is enough for a full meal. Please never take them off the menu!I really enjoy Birra. The food is great and it's consistent. The Happy Hour is one of the best around with $5 pizzas and discounted wine and drafts. My only complaint about this place is WHAT IS UP WITH THE BARTENDER??? I took notice to the bartender with ZERO personality back in probably September. He was a new face behind the bar once LaScala took over. Not for nothing, BUT this is your job and you can at least PRETEND to like what you're doing.  This guy never greets you. He throws down the menus and walks away without even asking you if you want to order a drink. You'd think he'd be trying to push the $6 happy hour drinks, instead I had to ask for one every time I ordered or flag him down because his back is always turned away from you. Aside from that this guy ALWAYS DISAPPEARS! Where does he go..? Probably on his 3rd smoke break, who knows?! 
All the other servers and the hostess are all super sweet and totally attentive as you should be working in a busy restaurant. As I was about to pay my check Mr. Bartender Man is again nowhere to be found so I asked another server within my view if I could have my check. I was told I could have it when he came back. When is that??! Where did he go..?? Bartender came back after about 7 minutes and continues to talk to other staff on the other side of the bar. HELLO. Can I have my check? He jumps back behind the bar and never comes near my side of the bar. I literally have the credit card out on the bar in plain view to *hint*hint* I'm ready to pay.
Perhaps this guy really isn't cut out for this industry. Birra, please...You're delicious and I want to come back but when I see this guy behind the bar from the window I'm going to make it a point to avoid coming in.Nice beer list and specialty cocktails. Food mediocre and miss. Service friendly but timing off; 3 entrees delivered separately to party of 3 but over a 15+ min. span. After 10 min. wait for the last one we asked our server and informed they come out when they're done! Almost impossible to have a conversation without shouting. Would not be a place I'd revisit.I used to go here at least 3 times a week when I lived in philly.   
Just went one last time before I move,  the food is still awesome and service is tops.
Plenty of great beers,  amazing pizzas, even the salad is something to brag about.   
The only thing I'm sad about is that I can guarantee there isn't any restaurant of this caliber where I'm moving to.We have taken our family here numerous times - and so far the food has been great, the beer selection awesome and the service excellent ! They worked with us for diet preferences and choices for vegetarians - and the kids and the meat eaters were extra happy.My girlfriend and I have been to Birra many times and have always been satisfied. They always have an amazing draft list and the pizzas are Amazing! Our favorite ones are Pear and Gruyere and also the Three little pigs. We always have great service and just one pizza is enough for us to feel full.Went in on an empty Sunday afternoon and ordered the Pear & Gruyere, Three Little Pigs, Cubano Italiano, and Shortrib Ravioli. 
Do not order the ravioli. It was either extremely undercooked or extremely overcooked. The pasta shell was so hard that it took vigorous sawing with a steak knife. I'm really upset that my father didn't say anything and just gnawed away in silence over lunch. The only way I know is because I asked for the last bite and was horrified at the quality. I've never had pasta so difficult to eat before. 
The sandwich and pizza were good, the red pizza in particular was very well spiced. But knowing that one dish was completely inedible ruined my night and made me feel terrible about the meal since I was the one who suggested Birra to everyone.i freaking love the food here !! great beer selection as well. the bartenders are friendly and i've always been impressed coming hereIts a stylish gastro pizza pub ala Stella, their white pizzas has creme fraiche (giggle) and they offer truffle oil among their many toppings (eye roll).  I guess the pizza is NY style, small and crisp. The dining room is cramped and the chair legs and bar stools flare out which means getting around or dining is tight and jostly.  We saw many well behaved babies last night and it was pretty loud in there, poor servers have to practically yell. I did not see TVs, but I hear there are 3.
Their beer selection is good/great and a dining companion who'd been to Italy liked their selection of Italian beers. A recent write up said their "scampi shrimp" was the "best shrimp EVER." I found them overcooked, greasy and steep at $18. I would not get them again, I would not recommend them and on return visits i will avoid all the small plates, except maybe salad.
Pizzas comes in one size and start at $6, toppings extra. Family style small plates also available. Based on our experience I view this place a cramped and stylish a small step up from the perfectly good pizza and beer across the street. Amazing, that a new place can make any other place on P'shunk seem open and airy.
Lastly, the menus has punctuation issues where a "-" is used both to connect 2 ideas "oompaloompa pizza - red pizza with orange meatballs" and as comma in the list of toppings "basil - garlic" Does that mean they have basil AND also garlic or that basil/garlic mixed together is one topping? Style over substance.Great neighborhood pizza joint with some flare! Newly opened second floor dining as well. 
Plenty of options for your epicurean taste buds. Two personal favorite are the beet salad and Mediterranean orzo (with grilled chicken). 
Great staff, energetic and friendly! 
Not sure if the bread pudding is seasonal (and I'm not even a huge bread pudding fan) - but Birra's is ah-mazing!My roommates and I wanted to try a bar out that we hadn't been to yet, and Birra was on my list. When we got there around 7:30 it wasn't that busy, a few tables and people at the bar. The amazing pizza smell was so overwhelming I was immediately starving (when you walk in the pizza oven is about 15 ft. from the door). We started by splitting the mussels app. Justine (who was awesome and answered all of our questions for us), brought out this huge bowl filled with mussels in a thin spicy red sauce. They were amazing. 
Then we split and gahhlic pizza. The garlic made the whole pizza surprisingly sweet but it balanced with the red sauce and cheese very well. The thin crust was perfect too. Although I wish we had gone a little crazy and gotten one with more and different toppings- next time. 
By the time our pizza came out our 3rd roommate joined us from getting her hair done and ordered the gnocchi vodka. MMM! So delicious and gnocchi's are one of my favs! 
The three of us split 2 desserts- pumpkin flan and the bread pudding. The pumpkin flan was alright, it was very similar to pumpkin pie, without the crust. I was hoping for more of a flan consistency. But it was seriously delicious regardless of the consistency. The bread pudding was warm and melty and covered in caramel and whisky. YUM
I really liked it here, the service was perfect, the smells were delicious and the lighting was good. By the time we were done the bar was way more full. I didn't mention our drinks but if I can remember correctly, I had the Allagash Triple which was alright with the mussels, then I had the Mad Elf on tap- I love this beer, it was very rich and had a cinnamon and spice to it. I finished with the Lionshead can because it was cheap and good!Bartender makes a great margarita... best cheesesteak egg rolls ever. Spinach artichoke pizza on point.. Heinz ketchup. If plus thank you we will be back!i stopped in here randomly after a long day of mummers spectating with some friends. there was not a seat to be had at the bar, but there was no problem getting a table for six of us. surprisingly enough, no yuengling - but i'm not complaining. peroni was on tap so i was happy. they had a few craft beers as well. i got a caesar salad, which was pretty much what you'd expect. could have used more flavor but the crispy parmesan garnish was tasty. i also got the fontina fonduta, which was awesome. it was served with essentially a sliced pizza without any toppings. cheese is always good, especially when melty. i tried the 3 little pigs pizza too, which was also great. i'd definitely go back.I went here to get a pizza. I ordered a pizza. I left feeling like I didn't have 'pizza'.
The Pizza at Birra:
Swanky,
Thin crust,
Packed with fresh flavor, 
Light, 
Delicious, 
Moderately priced.The mussels are great and they have a decent beer list. Share a pizza and some mussels you've got a good meal! The staff is friendly and knows the menu as well. Happy hour specials are pretty decent as well.Went to Birra for the second time last night. Great food, service, and atmosphere. Pizza is very good and I really enjoy their salad options.Went with a friend on a Tuesday night and sat at the outdoor seating, which was great. They have excellent happy hour pizzas- 3 of their full-size plain pizzas are $3 each. We got the Gaaahlic pizza which was underwhelming. I normally love garlic, but this had a lot of garlic that wasn't quite caramelized enough and the rawness was biting. The Shrimp Papardelle Ala Sardinia was excellent and definitely the best thing we had that evening. The hazelnuts were a nice, unique touch. For dessert we had the bread pudding which was pretty average. Overall I thought the restaurant was good for a quick bite but nothing amazing.A couple of blocks from our house, my fiance and I almost always end up at Birra when we want a quick bite in our neighborhood.  The food is good, if a bit inconsistent and over priced.  We do love the spreads and breads appetizer and the mussels.  And even though there is no shortage of good beer in this neighborhood, it is always nice to find another good list!I would recommend the asparagus appetizer and pizza caponata, both were excellent. 
The service was very slow. We had to flag down our server for requests.
Despite that the food is great, so I recommend take out!What a popping place.....The bar has a nice wide selection of beers.  Solid wine choices.   We started off with the bread and spread which was delicious.  Next we had the cheese and meat board which offered a nice selection of cheese pairing and cured meats.  Then the family style Caesar salad which was solid.  Finally, we had the truffle mushroom pizza which was to die for, a perfectly cooked egg over the pizza had complimented it so well!  
The place is a small but warm/welcoming restaurant. The owner (who was also the host) was awesome and extremely friendly.  Definitely worth the wait and will be coming back for more!We used to love Birra under the old management, but the La Scala crew have turned a friendly neighborhood joint into a pretentious and just flat out rude place to TRY and eat. 
I saw a pair of hosts treat an old neighborhood couple like garbage, our service both times under La Scala was again needlessly rude, and just now I spoke to a hostess on the phone who was possibly on the spectrum. 
An unwelcome change to the avenue indeed!This place is literally my new obsession. We found this place because I was dropping off something at a store a block up. It has AMAZING food. Lovely atmosphere. 
On my first visit, my wife and I had an absolutely LOVELY server named Angelica. She said everything with a smile--she was really warm and welcoming. It was like being at home. 
The food is the best I think I've ever had... The portions are shareable size. We had the soup special (beef barley with a horseradish cream sauce on top---I was dreaming about it the next day so I tried making my own, but it didn't come close!), a nice cheese board, and the buffalo chicken pizza. The pizza is thin crust and has perfect flavor. Not too salty. The buffalo chicken is VERY spicy though, be warned! It is a bit tight inside, but well worth it. It also has a great beer selection! 
Our second visit we brought my in-laws and aunt in-law. We had to wait a few minutes for a table (on a Wednesday) as they don't take reservations but it wasn't too bad. The waitress and hostess this time weren't too friendly this time, but Angelica was there and was still just as friendly (as was the bartender). We had sweet and spicy calamari, a house salad, the cheese board, a margarita pizza, and the gabagool pizza (it was amazing). 
Amazing, amazing!! Just go eat there! Stop wasting your time. Eat all the pizza.Nice servers. Good mussels, very nice ceasar salad, AND 2 PIZZA PIES THAT WERE SALTY TO THE POINT OF BURNING. 
Whew. 
I like salt, I really do, we have at least 5 different kinds of salt in our kitchen right now(maybe more hiding in the cabinet above the range hood, the one that's hard to see the back of), but this was too much salt. We expressed our need for additional hydration to our server, she was quick to share our displeasure with the chefs and quick to bring us more water. Which was nice.
The place looks good. But what's with the TVs? Doesn't make a lot of sense to me when a restaurant spends a lot of money on decor and lighting, only to put TVs everywhere hitting everything with their strange blue glow and making it feel like we're at a sports bar.
4 people, $100 for 2 pies, 5 beers, a salad and some mussels. I like spending money, but I didn't like spending $100 here. Probably wont be back. But we did have great desserts and cocktails at Salt & Pepper up the street, but that's another review.Great service, and amazing food!! Their mac & cheese pizza is sooo delicious! I love coming here!My gf and I went here last night after work for a late dinner on a whim.  The ambiance was nice, and it looked busy, but not overcrowded. Once we got inside, however, the place was very noisy (we could hear everyone else's conversation).  This seemed more like a date place  than a quick bite place, and the menu was easily overpriced (but what isn't these days).  My fault, obviously, but whatevs. 
The menu is all small plates/tapas and gourmet pizza.  As a quick aside,  most dishes contain an element of heat to them, and while I like spicy food, my gf (as well as our waitress) do not, so that does limit her options. We had a plain pizza and the short rib ravioli.  The pizza is a decent size, very NY-style very thin crust, and it is light, crispy on the outside, good char, and not dense. The look reminds me of the pizza at Roma's of Tuckahoe, NY. The pizza itself is decent, but not mind-blowing. And the sauce has a slightly sweet tang to it (a bit sweet for my taste), but my gf likes it a lot.  The ravioli dish is more interesting: 3 ravioli covered in sauce with the ricotta on the side, and 3 small pieces of toasted bread. I guess the idea is to make a crostini out of the dish, or to sop up the remaining sauce with the bread (not enough bread for that imo)? Anywho, it is very tasty, meaty, and the tomato sauce tastes like it is the braising liquid for the filling (much better than the pizza sauce). The size of the ravioli is also decent (about the size of a hockey puck). My only two caveats with this dish are that the ravioli are under-stuffed, and at $14 there should be a fourth raviolo on the plate. 
The service is good, and the staff attentive.
All-in-all, overpriced for the size of the plates, but the food is worth a try at least once. I hope you find this helpful.Poor service.  Aggressively priced drinks. Didn't try the food though the pizza looked good.LOVED our second experience at Birra!!!!
We went in a big group of people to celebrate a birthday! Even with a 4 year old and a baby, the staff and service was impeccable. Each kid was given a ball of dough for them to play with while we waited for our pizzas. The man making the pizza was so sweet to my cousin and let her watch him make the pizzas and asked her questions. She loved it and wanted to keep watching him instead of eating dinner. 
For appetizers, we had 2 Cesar salads- one with chicken, one without. The chicken was SO good we all loved it. Then we had the Short Rib Ravioli. Everyone raved. You get 3 big ravioli in an order, a scoop of ricotta cheese and two pieces of crusty bread. My family has not stopped raving about the ravioli. We also had the Fontina Fonduta. OMG. HEAVEN. I was licking the spoon. The cheese is delicious and its served with pieces of soft bread. Each dish just got better and better.
Then we had 6 pizzas. First off the plain Cheese or White Pizzas are the best deals. For 6 dollars you get a nice size pizza. Only $6!!!!!! What a steal. We all loved the white pizza and the plain cheese was for the four year old which she enjoyed. 
The Spaghetti and Meatball was once again a crowd favorite. It was the first one to disappear and everyone loved it. My favorite was the Buffalo Chicken Pizza- seriously one of the best I've had, and I've had a lot. It was the perfect amount of spiciness and had celery on top which gave it a fresh flavor. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
We also had a Margarita which was good! But compared to the fun pizzas, we preferred the fun ones.
We can't wait to go back and I have been dreaming about the meal ever since.My first visit to Birra last night was certainly a positive experience.  I think it's a great fit for the neighborhood and I think it lives up to the hype and was worth all the delays and tantalizing photos posted over twitter.
We arrived around 8:15 pm and were able to snag two seats at the bar.  My first words were "wow this is a nice space" The bar is colorful, the pizza making area with ovens is open and inviting and the oranges and greens all around made me feel like I was sitting in a cool kitchen/bar hybrid.
One point about the barstools, they look like cheap plastic (a la a Francis Francis espresso machine) but they are sturdy.  They are really fun.
Our ultra cool bartender guided us through the menu and got me a can of the Route 113 Pale Ale. The staff definitely keeps with the Passyunk feel, inked and charming.
We began with the "seasonal" roasted veggie salad and it was very tasty.  Served with 4 wedges of flatbread and tossed with a balsamic vinaigrette.  Smart salad choice because they can keep switching it up.
Our pizza was the alla carbonara and it was delicious.  The crust really stood out to me because it had a thick cracker consistency upon first bite.  It was crispy and perfectly stood up to the pecorino, peas, and pancetta.  The pie was smokey, salty and utterly delicious.
I can definitely see myself spending some more time here.  I think this place would make for a great date spot and I've been known to go on those once in a while.We were waiting to do outside seating at another restaurant so we came in for a drink or two. The beer selection is AMAZING! It's the entire back half of their menu. They arrange it by Wheats, Ciders, Ales, etc so the novice beer drinker like me can make a wise decision. The bartender was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. The food menu looked incredible. I'll be back for dinner!Been here about three times within the last two years, which is odd since I live a few blocks away. Anyway, mussels are absolutely fantastic. I've had the Gaaahlic pizza and Roasted duck pizza. Small and extremely loud, so you feel like your elbows are rubbing against a stranger's but the mussels is what gets me through the tight and loud restaurant.Great beer. Great service. Good food. The pasta dishes are a surprise and a great value. The mussels are another highlight.  Stay with the safer pizzas (margarita, plain white, gaaahlic and gabagoo) and you can't go wrong. The staff is top notch - informative, on the ball and friendly!Just hanging at my favorite pizza place in all of philly!! Awesome food! I went for the Speck wraped shrimp on bruscceta tonight. My new favorite!! Was freaking delicious!Tasty food awesome drinks great service. Our favourite was Caponata pizza . We enjoyed every dish we ordered.Difficult getting parking so reach atleast 20 mins before expected time just to find parking. Lots of options for vegetarians as well. If a big crowd reservations is better. Bar top sittings are available.Oh man, this place is amazing. We came on a Friday night around 8, and waited just a few minutes for a table outside to enjoy the beautiful evening. The outdoor vibe here is awesome - I love the white lights. On a Friday night, the atmosphere here was great. Everyone was upbeat and lively and our server Sabrina was so cute - she was friendly and efficient. Birra has about a million beers, so beer lovers will definitely enjoy it here. I will say that we were a little confused about what beers were available, as the menu is apparently in flux, but that was no big deal.  We split the Gabagool pizza and it was fantastic - the crust was perfect and the capacollo was delicious and perfectly spicy. We both left full on just that one pizza, so I was glad we didn't over order! I can't wait to try more here - I would gladly come back, as we had a really great experience at Birra. It is definitely an awesome option for laid back but upbeat al fresco dining. One other note: great music playing inside.I'm still furious over my last visit on 12/29. Waited for a table for over 30 minutes. Was told we would be seated shortly and waitress kept thanking us for being so patient. At this point 3 adults walk in with a toddler and were seated immediately. We've been going to Birra since they opened. Shows you what happens when the manager leaves early!My husband and I went to Birra on a late Saturday afternoon. The place was not busy at all and We stood there for almost 5 minutes before someone decided to bring us to a table located at the back of the restaurant near the kitchen.  The waitress took our order of Margharita pizza and my husband had the steak.  My husband entree came out and I had to wait 25 minutes for my pizza.  During the wait the waitress decided to work the bar and then came to the table to bring me the pizza.  I told her I am taking it home.  I just wanted to get the hell out of there.  If you are 60+ years old DO NOT eat here.  The wait staff treats you like trash.  We did not leave a tip. We will NEVER go back!!!Never again! Out with a crew last night for a bunch of reasons. One friend moving to Montana. One moving to Texas. One celebrating 29 year anniversary being in the Army. And me deploying to Afghanistan. So we had eaten at Brigantessa (which was off the hook) and was doing a bar crawl making it rain everywhere we went. The bar for the most part was dead. Everywhere else on the Ave was bumpin'. Should have been a sign. We had ordered a round and we were all engaged in conversations. I ordered some drinks for 3 of us because the others were no where near ready. Went back to our conversation. Rude as all get out, the bartender chick with her big black hipster glasses and an underserved ego, yelled at me. Her exact words were "that's not what I asked you. Are you paying for these? " our mouths hung open like Whaaaaaa???? Even the dude next to us was shocked. Ummmm I don't need to spend money here. So we said "cancel the order". Got our jackets on, got ready to leave. She comes over with the drinks and we explained that we cancelled the order. She then says "you weren't paying anyway" wtf! The worst part? The 1st round our friend tipped $20 on her card that rude girl hadn't seen yet. Friend wanted to cancel her card so she wouldn't get her money. All of us have worked in the biz. Me? I was behind the bar for 18 years. We all tip like maniacs. She had 2 friends at the bar we think she was showing off for. I can tell you, we were bothering no one. Having a good time. She was an asshole. Big mistake. Thanks to all the awesome bartenders and servers at Brigantessa, Cantina, Stogie Joes, Noir, and forgive me for forgetting the last spot. 
Side not... The host? At Birra? had on cute boots and was adorbs. That's it.Delicious food and great service. The meatball app was awesome. All of the pizza's were great. You won't be disappointed with the food. Great beer selection.
The place is loud. Tough to hold a conversation.Pizza was very thin.  Cheese was good. For $10 I can't really complain.  Sausage was good. Cool place with nice hipster vibe.  Good beer choices.I love birra! Stumbled upon this gem for lunch one Sunday and followed up with another lunch visit not even a week later.  I recommend the following: the local mushroom salad is the best salad I have ever had. The braised artichoke is great and if you love truffle you must get the truffle pizza with the fried egg. I forget the name of it but it is the only $21 pizza on the menu. It really was out of this world. I do not recommend the seared octopus.. Blahhhhhhh. I could even finish one piece -it was flavored with some type of middle eastern spice sauce. Doesn't change my star rating however because in my haste, I did not read the description on the menu. Was naturally expecting lemon juice and olive oil. Also had a small 'red' cheese pizza during happy hour that was $3 with the purchase of a drink. Pizza was great and enough to split between two people. Will def becoming back here. I've tried to recreate the local mushroom salad at home twice in the last week - doesn't even compare.Delicious authentic italian cuisine. A bit different than a normal italian dish with some of the dishes ie: zeppoles are not your typical zeppoles they have cannoli cream in the middle which might come off as a disappointment but I still thought they were very tasty. Calzone was served with sauce on top. Some did not like to have the sauce on top they like to dip it on the side little things like that. The rice balls are delicious the ricotta board is out of this world the wings are yummy and just about everything was very good.Went here for the first time a few days ago, and I'm already looking forward to coming back.  It was a Tuesday night, around 8:30, not terrible busy. The seating there is a bit cramped, there aren't that many tables, and the bar takes up a lot of the place.  Food was awesome.  Got the Salumi to start (duck prosciutto, prosciutto di parma and capicola) and settled on the margherita pizza (excellent).  Great beer selection.  Overall great dining experience.  I could see it being a bit too loud for my taste if the place were full, but not unmanageably so.  Can't wait to return and try the other pizzas.Another one for my favorites list! We went to Birra to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon catching up with family and friends. Very nice selection of beers on tap and bottle. I had the Birra's Special panini and just loved it. Fresh mozzarella, prosciutto on a locally made bread. mmmm.
Chelsea was our server and she did a superb job serving our table.Great food. Mussel and jerk pasta was delicious. Great service. Will be going back soon!I went with my parents for lunch today (Saturday), around 1. Ambiance: The small children almost outnumbered the adult humans. A friend of mine gave me a heads up about this, so I was somewhat mentally prepared. While we were eating, children on either side were leaning over/peering at our table. Food: Everything was generally good, however it did feel overpriced. The portion size of the pasta we ordered (ravioli with pork filling) was dainty, but the ravioli was definitely my favorite thing we ordered. The red sauce pizza we got was very salty. The beet salad was great, but not necessarily worth $13. I wouldn't be opposed to going back, but probably not for a while.I figured I'd write an update considering I'm here every week and the service/quality of food is still consistently good.
They are finally going to add an upstairs with extra seating, as the place can get super crowded (especially in the colder months when the outdoor seating won't be there anymore).  Can't wait to see what the upstairs will bring!
After knocking off a few more pizzas off my Birra bucket list, I can say my favorites are still the Roasted Duck pizza with pesto (be forewarned: it's greasy but DAMN good) and the Pear Arugula pizza with prosciutto, which is hands down the best in my opinion- the perfect ratio of cheese, pear, and prosciutto with a nice heap of dressed arugula- it's bitter, sweet, savory, crunchy, and soft all at once- super tasty.
I've realized I'm not crazy about the Americano pizzas, which seem to be everyone's favorites.  Not that they're bad- they're just too heavy and laden with cheese and toppings for my liking.  I do want to try the Southern BBQ one though- that sounds enticing.
Overall, by the end of the meal I still find myself chowing down on the crusts cause it's just that good.  Will definitely continue to be a repeat customer!Best pizza on the Avenue, hands down. Not only that, their happy hour is an amazing value: 3 of their pizzas are on for $5 and 1/2 price drafts! (I think there is a wine and cocktail on there too but don't quote me). We always get fabulous service here. Servers, bartenders, and cooks are all on their a-game here and have always checked in to make sure everyone is satisfied.The place is small. No doubt. But the pizza is great, just get a Margarita, the specialty pizzas are not worth the price and the crust and sauce are so good that Spaghetti and Meatball, Cheeseburger, Porchetta puts it a little over the top with ingredients. Just sauce and cheese and these delicious roasted tomatoes is all you need. 
My husband and I get a Margarita and an order of meatballs, 2 pints of beer. $40. That's a good Friday night.
Also, don't take more than 4 people here, it's not set up for large parties.I've been to Birra quite a few times now with the wife and kids and I must say we had a great experience every time ! The waitress' are all very nice and extremely accommodating. My kid's get very restless in restaurants but not here because they bring out some pizza dough for them to play with.....Brilliant!! Now we(the adults) can enjoy our beer and food in peace! The food and beer selection were very good too!
Great spot....we'll be back!I like being able to sit at the bar to eat, and it's nice when the bartender seems sincere to give his recommendations, rather than the rushed or annoyed responses you get at some places. I loved the beer choices -- the Percolator was fantastic. Went well with our Margherita pizza with its yummy thin crust. I'll be back.Summary: Eh! 
Service: Nice! Friendly and attentive! 
Atmosphere: Kinda dark and Dank - just as you expect for a bar 
Food: Eh. The pizza is just eh. It really isn't anything to write home about. That isn't to say it isn't good, but you can find better speciality pizza in the city for the same cost. I cant quite put my finger on what didn't work out and I'm not sure what it was. I can tell you that the crust was a part of the issue - bland and dry.
With that being said, the salads and appetizers were quite good!Nice selection of beer, great pizza.  The ravioli was also spectacular.  Yes, the prices are high, but for an occasional night out, it's worth it!I had a great impression upon my arrival at Birra; great staff, awesome pizza oven with chefs making your food right in the open, and pretty decent menu.
We got the three little pigs pizza, which has pancetta, porchetta, and all the goods I'd love on a pizza. I was extremely excited to hear that they house make they meats themselves. However, the pizza was just okay--nothing too amazing. In fact, I think it was a bit overcooked.
I was informed by the waitress about the truffle pizza, with an egg on top--which just happens to be one of my favorite pizzas EVER. So I knew I HAD to go back for it.
The truffle pizza made me go back to Birra, and unfortunately it will probably be the reason I wouldn't go back to Birra. There was an uncomfortable amount of oil on top of the pizza that was literally dripping off each slice, the truffle flavor was very minimum, and the egg was surprisingly a fried egg dropped on the pizza (I had the impression that the egg would have been cooked on the pizza, while in the oven).
I had much higher expectations and they were definitely not met.
Having touched on the negative aspects of Birra, I can't forget the wonderful service that we received every time; the staff has been consistently nice and make us feel really welcomed.This pizzeria is two blocks from my house if you want some good artisan pizza like duck petrified this is the place to go just skip the jerk chicken penne you'll thank me for it.My boyfriend and I come here every Tuesday and we don't plan on changing soon! 
The food is exceptional, margarita pizza, meat and cheese plate, meatballs and the pear and gruyere cheese pizza being our favorite dishes. 
Service here is fun and personal, it's the perfect casual date night.Solid pizza and pasta when I went. I recommend this place but I don't know the other spots in E. Passyunk too well.Amazing draft list! Stopped in after looking at the interesting menu.  Split a pear and Gruyere and mac n cheese pizza and both were really awesome! One pizza is enough for two (three filling slices each) if you can decide on one pizza (you prob cant, they all look good).
I'm a big fan of eating cold pizza as leftovers.  The mac n cheese didn't really hold up well cold, but the pear and Gruyere was bangin'.
Will definitely be back, i hear the grilled cheese panini is the best in town ;)Went here for dinner and LOVED the food! Our waitress was new so there were a few mix ups with food and drinks coming to our table that weren't ours, but other than that the service was wonderful. The manager came over to check on us during the meal which I always appreciate. They also allow kids to knead their own dough (something I was INSANELY jealous of)! I also really liked the music they played during dinner, both the style and volume! I hate when music is so loud that you can't hear yourself think!I've had frequent visits .. reliable neighborhood pizza and beer place. I generally find the pizza good, salads even better, and with a reasonably good draft beer selection. Check out their happy hour - their plain pizzas are only $4, a considerable bargain as they're not just individual size, but should be shared. It's child friendly, and they have outdoor seating which is great. It's not a huge place inside. On our most recent visit, our server, Cara, was outstandingly attentive.Always have a great time here.  Only negative is that it gets crowded.  Amazing menu, great service, and fair prices.Well I was sure I'd be the first to review this place.  It seems that someone even more psychotic than I has gotten to it first.
Now that I'm not the first, I aim to be much less detailed.  It's the first reviewer's fault for this:
--It's really cramped in there, as psychotically anal first reviewer has noted.  Essentially a flaw in the design of the bar in relation to the seating.
--Three little pigs pizza: really quite fine.  Maybe not quite as good as Stella, and I wish there was even more meat on it.  For an $18 12" pizza I expect an orgy of meat.  Boyfriend's carbonara pizza was also very good, even though I hate peas.  He thought it was too salty but I didn't see a problem.
--Beer: excellent, great selection.  Am happily f'ed up on two very strong Great Divide Hercules Double IPAs.
--Service was outstanding, especially considering this was the first night in operation.  The owner-seeming guy walking around was very nice and everything went by smoothly.
--Chairs: VERY UNCOMFORTABLE.  Cheap plastic things that yield too much to weight and put a lot of pressure on your back.  Get rid of them please?
Birra is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and they seem to have an ambitious agenda.  Is it really worthy of five stars?  More visits will have to happen to accurately determine.Love, love, love the pizza here. Have been here a couple times and it is quickly becoming my favorite place on East Passyunk. Have had their specials in the past as well like their ribs and some of their small plates. Have yet to be disappointed here.
Not a lot of seating and it is loud but I highly recommend Birra.Great neighborhood place. Spot on service. Refreshingly  well organized and efficient . We decided one of the best meals we had out since moving to east coast (via L.A.). A few thoughtfully chosen beers on tap.  Birra proves the old adage, if it was this easy.... everybody would be doing it. Well done!I'm really torn on this one between a 3 and a 4. My pizza was excellent, so was my salad, but I couldn't tell you what I ordered. What I do remember, is while we were waiting for our dessert, the owner asked us to move our seats at the bar so that people "that were eating" could sit. I guess waiting for dessert after splitting a salad and each ordering our own pizzas doesn't count? The owner then bought these people a round of drinks. Don't know what happened to them/if they were his buddies, but the fact that I remember that and not what I ordered is going to make my review go down to three. I'd go back, but I wouldn't sit at the bar again.When I first got wind of Birra I was pretty darn excited.  My boyfriend and I have spent one too many nights weighing the pros and cons of SPTR, Lucky 13, POPE, Watkins and Devil's Den. It's not that I don't love them anymore, but the mix is in need of some serious freshening.  So after following the saga of the long-delayed opening and walking by the papered storefront day after day, here we are - opening night.  Had to stop in for a beer and a snack to see if we had a contender on our hands.
Despite a bit of what I'm hoping was opening night chaos, the ambiance was great. The set up features a confusingly meandering bar that despite taking up far too much of the restaurant allows for patrons to watch the pizza-piein' in action.  Seating area is cramped due to the misuse of space, but it could be considered cozy.  We had a prime spot at the corner of the bar with perfect TV/pizza kitchen/people viewing.
Beer list is limited, but okay.  My Founders Centennial was just as good as it always is.  Certainly not for a craft beer enthusiast, as it doesn't come close to competing with local beer bars, which is unfortunate because that's sort of a deal breaker for me.
The menu is centered on their pizzas and is otherwise quite limited, which is also unfortunate because I rarely eat pizza.  We tried their mussels, which were tasty, but the real star of the dish was the AMAZING bread served alongside.  Sorry shellfish - carbs win tonight.
Despite the fact that I doubt I will have a real urge to go here again until the beer list improves/lengthens and/or I get some strange and voracious pizza craving, it's a great addition to the neighborhood - and I recommend that you check it out.  With big honkin' windows overlooking a great corner of Passyunk, if for nothing else it's great for some good old fashioned South Philly people watching.I've always enjoyed the food here. Sometimes the service can be slow during busy nights, but the waitstaff is typically always friendly. 
The only gripe I have is the weird smell that sometimes emanates outside the building. I have no idea if this is the fault of the restaurant, but that building has some weird sewer smell problems. I pass by this corner multiple times a week, and it would be nice if this was remedied. Anyway, just eat inside to avoid the smell! Lots of good beer too!A must restaurant to go. Casual. Ordered the mac n cheese and it was great! The appetizer was really good, the cheese one I forgot the name...it's served with pita bread  and so good!!!! I'll be back again. The pizza looked awesome but I didn't ordered any. I will next time I go. Nice Italian place to eat! And very cool inside. I love it.First off---they were ridiculously nice and accommodating for our group. There was 11 of us, with 4 children. No one ever sighed, rolled eyes, was slowpokey. The Birra staff was beyond AWESOME.
Second--the food!! We got several of the pizzas for the table. The premium cheese for the kids--they loved it! They tore through two of them. For the adults, we had the Putanesca, the Gabagool, Three Little Pigs, and the Pear & Gruyere. 
I loved the salty/fishy/tart of the Putanesca so much, I am trying to figure out how to recreate it for home, now that I am back in Kentucky. It was so good. The Gabagool & Three Little Pigs were also mad delicious. 
The only misstep? The Blood Orange margarita. Through no fault of Birra, I found out the hard way I seem to have an issue with Blood Orange. :( Wompwomp. My husband loved it, though, so it works out!Went for happy hour with two friends, we came into the middle of it and it was still fairly empty. The waitress was happy to explain the beer list and take our sporadic orders. We went with a round of beers, then a $5 margaritas as well as a $4 pizza, and we decided to commit to another pizza in the last 15 minutes of happy hour. 
My friend tried to order a last-minute margarita to go with that pizza while he still had his second drink in front of him and the waitress said that according to the liquor laws, she couldn't give him another drink while he had a full one. I am pretty sure that's just to limit people from queuing up their happy hour specials. 
The pizzas were surprisingly filling and the beer list is replete with IPAs and light wheats. It's half-buried under construction right now but that's not stopping people from sitting on the sidewalk and enjoying a good summer night.I've been here several times and this place consistently serves up great pizza.
Our group started with the calamari- we were big fans of the tangy sauce that comes with it, but beware, I would not share with more than 3 people as the portion is small.
We got the carbonara pie and the Caponata and both were incredible! They were rather complementary choices if you are looking for one white and one red. Their pies have a thinner dough but still substantial and more hearty than a Neapolitan style. 
The braised short rib ravioli was a bit disappointing. The red sauce was heavy and did not taste fresh, and the ricotta was in a pile on the plate which I would have no problem with under other circumstances, but shouldn't it be inside the ravioli?? odd. 
Overall though, I love Birra. All around great atmosphere and a pie that you know you'll enjoy!We had dinner at the bar, bartenders were very inattentive and I found myself having to shout and wave to get their attention.
The food was bad.  Truffle pizza was way burnt on the bottom and the margarita pizza was too salty with hardly any cheese.  The octopus was over seasoned which overpowered the the dish.
Very disappointed.  Will not go back.Had 6 pm reservations for after a movie with two 4 year olds for a party of 8.  Waited almost 45 minutes. So it wasn't a great start. I have to say they made up for it. The food was really good. Manager brought us out mussels, fontina fondue, and a bread and spread plate on the house to start. It was delicious. We ordered a margarita pie and cheeseburger pie. Everything we had couldn't have been better.  The cheese on the margarita pie was so fresh! To top off the meal they sent us out 2 complementary orders of zepolli. My only other complaint is that It is a little tight downstairs. I'd like to sit upstairs next time.  They also gave the kids dough to play with while we waited for the food. It really kept them occupied. Looking forward to going back again!Good beer selection, cool pizza choices and good food in general.  Compared to chain restaurants, this place knocks it out of the park.  But compared to the wealth of amazing food Philly, and South Philly in particular, has to offer, its just about average.  I don't know that there was anything here that would drag me from another neighborhood of the city.  But if I was already in the area I would love to come back again.First time 
 when we walked in the door the owner was authentically friendly. The wait staff Olivia was very helpful pleasant and attentive. As well as the bartender and other severs. The mussels where plentiful and great sauce. Enough to share. 
The red sauce was like no other great taste fresh tomatoes. The mozzarella is the real deal. 
The mushroom pizza with truffle oil very unique like no other very good.  Also the Buffalo chicken like no other especially with the celery on top. 
Nice bar. Plenty of IPA beer. Also try the bread pudding.  Great place ,nice people, good price! 
Our new favorite pizza place !I had lunch outside today and the service and food was outstanding.  I would definately recommend Birra.Only went here for drinks, so this review only pertains to the bar.
Great drink list and their prices were reasonable. Service was fabulous and I can't wait to go back to this cozy little spot. Bathrooms are big and clean, which is always nice :)
The pizza smelled SO good!! Excited to come back!A great pizza, beer, and food joint in East Passyunk. The seating was quick on a Saturday night, the service was excellent, the food came out faster than expected, and the pizza was great. We had two, one pepperoni and one truffle. Both were fantastic! I also had a biere de garde from what I felt to be a great draught list. We had been meaning to come here for a long time and now kick ourselves for waiting so long. They apparently deliver too. Bonus! We'll be back very soon!I came here for the first time after walking by here all the time. Four of us came here and the service was great, the food was not too bad either. Since we all like different things we each ordered a pizza. We ordered a plain, a tomato pie, the Mac and cheese pizza and the spaghetti and meatballs pie. I was thoroughly impressed with the variety of pizza. I had the plain and it was ok. Nothing too spectacular about it. Now the Mac and cheese pizza and the spaghetti and meatballs pizza were outta this world. It reminded me of something you would see in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. I tried the Mac and cheese pizza and or that alone I will return to this place. My cousin got the spaghetti ad meatballs pizza and woofed down the whole thing. My suggestion is to go here and try the special pies. They were epic.Ravioli and penne pasta, too salty and off flavor. Avoid entrees. Meatball app was perfect.Everything on the menu is incredible! Great selections of beer and a very comfortable, modern atmosphere.  Servers are fantastic.Nice addition to the hood.  Next time I am skipping dinner and going straight to dessert - wow.This place Should be voted "Sexiest Head Chef" and "Most ruggedly handsome kitchen crew."Wow is all I can say. After being seated and served water the hostess comes over to inform us she "made a mistake" then immediately a man came behind her  reiterated that we needed to move, in a forceful loud tone. Neither asked if we would like to be put on the wait list.... so now at Izumi with an incredible, polite staff... especially Rob.Birra is one of those places I have been a million times with a million different people in a million different circumstances and always love it and god damn it's about time I write a review!
The space is kind of small, but it feels more cozy and less cramped - plus the outdoor seating is really nice when the weather is cooperating. I almost always sit at the bar, and the bartenders are always great - chatty but not annoying, and attentive but not helicopter-mom-ish. They have a super solid rotating draft menu, a steady Peroni tap, and usually a pretty decent special or featured brewery for some kind of deal. 
Birra's food is steadily awesome. I can't say it's the most unique menu in the world of the trendy pizza/gastrobpub places that are exploding everywhere, but everything is just so delish that I don't miss the creativity. I've been here on nights when I want to eat light, and must confess that the mushroom salad is like freaking fungi heaven on a plate, and I've been here on nights where I want to eat enough to sustain a family of 4 grizzly bears for the a long winter hibernation, and I always leave exceptionally happy. The melted cheese dip is amazeballs (I hate that phrase, but it's accurate here), the mac & cheese pizza is fab, and the brownie sunday is worth every calorie. My man is somewhat of a pepperoni pizza guru, and he swears by the gabagool here - seriously, every time I ask what he wants for dinner, he says Birra's pizza...
Birra is the kind of place you can come on a date (check), come with a coworker (check), come with your family (check) or come after helping a friend move when you're wearing basketball shorts and are sweaty and gross (check). It's just an awesome neighborhood spot that makes me drool.We live in the neighborhood and we've been frequent patrons for almost five years. We stopped in for an early dinner tonight and we were not happy to see that the menu had changed since we were last there on Dec. 21. The menu is small now. My favorite dishes are gone and they weren't replaced with anything similar. There are plenty of great places to eat on East Passyunk. There's really no reason to choose Birra anymore.Very fresh food, excellent service. You just get a good feeling here, very welcoming.Just went to In Riva in East Falls. Birra can't compete with them! In Riva has AMAZING pizza in a great atmosphere with outdoor seating.Good customer service, duck pizza I went based on recommendation and it was good :) I did like the bar atmosphere but did not get a chance to really venture.  That shall be my next experience!I went on opening night, and except for the wait, which was expected, everything was awesome. Great service. Have to get that out of the way- my water was refilled frequently, I was checked on for my beer without the server being obnoxious... perfect (thanks Evan!). The food came out in a reasonable time, considering how busy it was. 
The food was delish. Got the margherita pizza (foreign to me as I'm Texan), and the meatballs. Holy crap those meatballs are AWESOME! The owner told us that they were unfortunately not his recipe, but a grandmother's recipe. I say, no prob. Makes for delicious. You have to try them- they're only $11. As far as the pizza, it's reasonable prices as the pizzas are about 12" and they have a really interesting selection (cheeseburger to mac n'cheese to gahlic) and this includes red/white sauce. So basically you can get away with one pizza for 2 people, and get a side order if one of you is especially hungry. They also have a tasty looking selection of entrees/salads other than pizza. And nothing is over $20, as far as I can recall. 
Their beer selectiom is pretty nice, I just hope it rotates. I got a Brooklyn Chocolate Stout and SO got an Allagash White, so basically some solid contenders. I hope this place does great, and I'll be back when it's not opening night to try some more of their interesting pizza combinations.Mediocre food and overpriced booze make for a one and out.  Nine dollars for a glass of Avia Pinot G that is $5.99 a bottle.
The table atmosphere is absolutely stark which kind of matches the server personality.Birra was exceptionally impressive.  From the food & drink to the service and atmosphere of the space, I would definitely recommend this place to friends.  While I went with the hubs this time, I did see larger groups (5+) equally having a good time.  My only complaint was that our server was not knowledgeable about the beer menu at all.  Since Birra is supposed to be known for their pizza AND beer selection, I think all servers should at least know what is available and what would be a good pairing and so forth.  Also, I was expecting many more beers to be on tap.  Other than that, I would say Birra is a welcome addition to the many other awesome restaurants on the Avenue.  :)A great spot with a great staff to boot.  I somehow always manage to get the same bar stools and am never disappointed in any of the food choices.  At this point, we might have tried almost everything on the menu and I can't think of much wrong.  This is a great beer and pizza joint.  Simple, but with plenty of choices.  Casual, yet good for a night out.  Birra has really grown on me since my first time there and now, mostly because of my pizza hungry other half, I can call myself a regular.My husband and I discovered Birra recently and it's easily one of our favorite spots we've ever come across in Philly - and will be a go-to for years to come. When we first stopped in for dinner and to scope it out as a possible spot for a Super Bowl/30th birthday party, Davide (one of the owners), the hostess and our waitress treated us like royalty. Davide made sure we were fed far more than we ordered and showed us around second floor to make sure it would work for our party (it was perfect). We couldn't wait to come back.
On Super Bowl night we came back for the party with ~30 people, and the second floor proved to be a really comfortable space for a group that size. For a very reasonable price per person, Birra served us apps (bruschetta, truffle fries, garlic knots), salads (Ceasar and a house spring mix), and a pizza per person (every person ordered a pizza of their choice from the expansive and creative pizza menu). So much food, so little time. It was blast, and the service was EXCELLENT. Even though the servers and Davide were all working during Super Bowl, they were still so friendly, so quick to get us drinks and anything anyone asked for, and super patient with splitting drink tabs by table even though (obviously) no one was sitting at their tables during the game.
Everything we've tried at Birra has been top notch (possibly the best bruschetta and mussels I've ever had, to name a few). You MUST come here, the food and the people are fantastic! Thank you guys for treating us so well!Pizza was amazingly good with a perfect thin crust cooked to just the right crispness. This was the 4 cheese white pizza. The best part was the topping of fresh mozzarella in the middle of the pizza that was warm on the outside and still cool in the middle. Can't wait to go back and try another style. Can't say enough when pizza is made this well...keep up the great work!Birra is a great addition to a great neighborhood!
I have been here several times and have always left very satisfied with the food, craft beer selection, and service.  You probably won't get the best meal of your life at Birra, but there is really nothing to warrant not giving Birra 5 stars.  
Don't come here expecting a traditional South Philly pizza place.  Rather, the pizza at Birra has a very thin crust, and they offer a variety of options/combinations/flavors.  Our favorite pizza that we've tried was la peperonata, and we've also tried the gaaahlic,  gabagool, and cheeseburger pizzas, which were all very good. 
All of the appetizers and salads we've tried have also been very tasty.
The beer selection is really fun. They offer a variety of craft beers on draft, which are pretty reasonably priced.  
As for the atmosphere, it is a bit small and loud inside, but that hasn't stopped us from coming back.  A major plus is that when it's warm outside, they have some (albeit a bit cramped because of narrow sidewalks) outdoor seating. 
Overall, Birra is a great spot with good food and drinks that won't break the bank.I love their menu. I've enjoyed every pizza I have had here and can't wait to try more. I don't think you can go wrong with any of their pizzas. They also have a decent drink selection. I really like the ambiance but it can get a bit tight since the place isn't that big. I was there a couple weeks ago and it was pretty tight at the bar and I felt a bit awkward standing so close to someone's table.It was our first night in Philly, meeting old friends, and they recommended Birra.  We had a fantastic meal, and met the chef. He clearly loves what he does.  Our waiter helped us pair our wine, which we all enjoyed. The food and presentation spot on right down to the serving dishes.  We had: a fresh greens salad, followed by a meat(homemade prosciutto) and cheese platter, mussels in a flavorful broth, bread crisps and crusty bread for dipping in, arancini balls, a margarita pizza, and a pasta dish that looked amazing.  Everything was wonderful and satisfying, so I'm not sure how I was able to continue with the incredible bead pudding and soft small zeppoles  with chocolate sauce and fresh cream, but I did. I almost forgot, we also were served homemade limoncello.  I certainly will be recalling all the terrific food we had last night as we do our sight seeing today.  Well done Birra!Hate to be a party pooper, but it was just OK. The crust of both pizzas was kind of dense and bland. The $10 wine I got (which they didn't have a list for, which I always despise because you never know what you're getting when a waiter lists three grapes) was incredibly bad. I actually had to send it back it was so gross. 
I understand the place is named "Beer" but if you want to get me back in the door, you gotta put your wines on the menu. The owner told the Insider that it was going to have craft beers, cocktails and artisinal wines. They delivered on only two of those.
I will give it another chance to work out the kinks, and I do want to try some of the other entrees.This is an update on Birra. I have since been back no less than 3 times and all 3 times I have not been disappointed. Excellent pizza. Friendly waitstaff especially the hostess. Fun people watching if you snag an outside table. Decent cocktails and reasonably priced. The Mac & Cheese pizza is highly recommended. Will be back. One of my favorites in the Passyunk area.Good place for beer, but the pizza was very disappointing.  Crust was flavorless and too dense.  Sauce tasted like it was out of a can.  Cheese and toppings were not particularly fresh.  We ordered 2 pies so it could have just been an off night, but I won't be going back to find out.Have been coming back recently! Still love everything. We recently tried their meatball pizza and enjoyed it! We can't wait to come for eagles game for their specials! We always ask for Dario when we dine! Good service and good food!The pizza is really good but the service was lacking. The pizza came out before my beer and we had to ask twice for a menu. The set up is also really cramped. Wish the service was better.Love the happy hour special 3dollar pizza.One of my favorite spots.would tell everyone to try it they will never want pizza from anyone else.Went on a Wednesday night for dinner. It was busy but we were able to be seated right away. The beer selection is great but I didn't order anything on this visit. A friend of mine told me about Birra's truffle pizza with a fried egg on it, so I had to go. I can't say no to truffle.
So, I ordered the truffle pizza and my friend ordered the Three Little Pigs. My pizza did not disappoint. The fried egg on top was the perfect touch and I ate all but two slices. I had a slice of the Three Little Pigs and it was also delicious, not too spicy at all and really great flavor. I definitely want to go back to try some appetizers and a different pie.Loved the pizza....loved the beer.  My wife and I had a great time sitting outside at Birra.  We ordered two pies, the margerita and the truffle.  Both pies were excellent.  We will go back to Birra many times.If it weren't for the great waitress that my boyfriend and I had, I probably would have ended up walking out of the restaurant without paying my tab. Sound extreme? Hold on...
We had gotten just a plain pizza, and the Caesar salad. The salad was pretty good, but took forever to come out. It was a Tuesday afternoon, and the place wasn't in the slightest bit crowded. Our waitress was apologetic, but I could tell it wasn't her fault. 
When our pizza came out, it looked delicious- and it was, until I got to my second slice. I bit down, and to my surprise, crunched down on something hard, sending chills down my spine, and that ended up cutting the roof of my mouth. I took it out, it was Brillo. We then began to inspect our pizza and found even more Brillo. I informed our waitress, and she told her manager. She came back over and told us that he took the pizza off of our bill. So with my bleeding mouth, and the fear that I might have swallowed some of it, my boyfriend and I paid our bill, walked away angry and disgusted, and have never looked back. My teeth hurt again just thinking about it.Really good and unique pizza flavors and the best meatballs in the city! Quizzo on Thursdays is a lot of fun. Only giving four because of slow service the two times I've been and slightly less than friendly servers. Food is on point though!Entrees were terrible. Horrible seasoning on them. The food also got my girlfriend sick. I recommend never going here.Walked in at 8:41. Told us kitchen closes at 9pm. It doesn't take 19 min to order bar food. Hostesses were confused and rude.Really good, thin crust; killer happy hour deals. I've been eating my way up and down Passyunk and this is definitely my favorite pizza thus far.Truffle pizza and Birra Buns have been some of my favorites. My friend is in love with the octopus. Birra is similar to Nomad, but has a more casual vibe, and a better beer list. They have a good selection of wheat beers including some that I had never seen elsewhere. Unlike some of its more popular neighbors I've never had to wait for a table. Service is always attentive and good spirited. They seem to especially enjoy joking with big rowdy groups.Love their rotating specials and their seafood apps are always excellent. I'm a simple pizza kind of gal and their margarita pizza is perfection. They also have a $3/ pizza happy hour special that I've been wanting to check out. We order takeout from here about once a month and sit in to dine occasionally too. Friendly staff, trendy decorating, clean, and -usually- not too loud to have a good conversation.A Passyunk Avenue gem! The food is fabulous and consistant. Pizza is great, Meatballs are to die for. The artichoke is so good I always want to order a second one. There is nothing that I have ordered that I did not like. We order teh mussels everytime we go. Its a BIRRA staple.I passed this restaurant all the time. I was looking for something different and decided to give it a try. Drinks we had 1 sangria $12 (the price of an entree) and ice tea $2. Lemon pepper chicken $13 and ravioli $15. The total minus the tip was $45.60.
The food was decent but they don't give you much. One could easily mistake an entree for an appetizer. After spending $55 (including tip). We were hungry again 1.5 hours later.Service can be hit or miss, and the pizza can be really oily especially if you order one with meat. You can smell the oil as you walk by this place. But the crust is really good, the meatless pizzas are 5/5, and the beer menu is really good.Despite the cramped atmosphere, this place seems to be a winner.  The service was great, the beers were great, and the pizza was unique and tasty.  People might wonder how a new pizza place can come along in an area packed with philly's best pizzas, but after my visit here I understand completely.  This is a different kind of pizza - at least in comparison to others in the neighborhood.  
We had the gaaahlic pizza and the carbonara pizza.  The gaaahlic pie was a little on the sweet side, but pretty damn good.  The carbonara pizza was terrific, though i wish they would have found a better way to incorporate the fried egg.  Two eggs perhaps..?  
And I have to rave about the crust.  Very special.  
Though I like the Stogie Joes upside down pizza (1 block away), which can go quite well with a $2 lions head draft, Birra gives you much more variety at essentially the same price.  Pretty clever I must say.  Next time I'll have to see whether the more unique pies are worth the premium - like nearly $20 for the spaghetti and meatball pizza.  We will see.   
The bottom line is - ill be visiting again.  Soon.The owner is beyond accommodating! Great beer selection and atmosphere! Def a place to hang with good eats and drinks!I love this place! They have the best speciality pies, and they have a great attention to detail. The staff is always friendly and welcoming. It's a local favIf I could give three and a half stars, I would-- they're getting the extra half star for effort.
My issue is that their food is very salty for my taste-- I like less salt than most people.
Other than that, it's pretty good. The potatoes on the shepherd's pie pizza are wonderfully fluffy, but the meat is awfully salty, and there's too much salt (for me) in the pear/goat cheese salad.Excellent pizza, great beers! Their happy hour is the best. With the $3 pizzas and half off pints, they made our day. We will return for the happy hour more often. Excellent service.Food and Drinks are amazing! However the seating and bar set up are terrible. The place has no space and is always crowded. The bar takes up too much room even though it only has 10 or so seats. This place would be a 5 star if it had more room. However the one cook named pauly is a ****I just want to say thank you to Birra for the great service when I brought my wife in for the first time! She thoroughly enjoyed everything, and coming from a chef, I would say  this is a plus!
A SUPER thank you to the staff who has mentioned me "the guy who comes from NJ for the Verdi Imperial Stout" And let us not forget the Bruton either!Went with girlfriend for restaurant week, very good deal! My main dish is AMAZING, absolute favorite mussels in my life! It's not on their regular menu tho, it's a combination of mussels, clam, prawns, calamari... a seafood combo? Would definitely come back for this if it's back on the menu.Shared an order of shrimp and girts and a pizza.  both were good, i thought the grits were better and i'd go back for them again.  while the grits were listed as a small plate, they were more entree size and i was glad i was sharing.  beer selection was good, the tap list was a little confusing since half of the listed items were kicked so you had to refer to the 'coming up' part of the list, it shouldn't have been hard to understand but my pea sized brain kept getting things mixed up.  
pizza is thin crust but not too thin.  service was good.  i sat outside which was nice, the inside seemed like it might be slightly cramped.I live in South Philly, so it's a quick 15 minute walk to Passyunk Ave and an easy place to go for a casual night out. I've been here for brunch in the past and the food was pretty good and it wasn't crazy crowded like so many other brunch spots around the city. My fiance and I wanted a low key night out last week and wandered over for a quick bite and a drink at Birra. There are a handful of tables outside, so we chose to sit there and were served quickly. The waitress was friendly, refilled our waters regularly, and the pizza we got came out relatively fast. We did a plain white pizza, and while it was floppy (for lack of a better word)  and a little greasy for my taste, the flavors were great. I've also been here with girlfriends and split the truffle pizza, which is awesome (fried egg!?). While it's not a destination "you have to try this place" restaurant, if you're in the neighborhood, I'd recommend you try it. Overall I'm definitely a fan of this place.We have been to Birra several times and the food and the service have remained consistently great. They have a nice selection of beers (not large, but they cater for different tastes in beer). The waitresses have always been very attentive, personable and above all, knowledgeable. Their suggestions are always on point.
The outdoor seating area is great, even though it's in the heart of a busy intersection, but they seem to manage to keep an excellent atmosphere. Indoors it's very happy and upbeat atmosphere.
Great pizza (the have other items in the menu but we always have pizza, so that's what we recommend) and great service. I highly recommend this place.I've only been here once and I'm going to try Barra which opened Fall 2012 on Chestnut. 
What I spent money on:
Limoncello 
Caesar Salad 
Gabagol Pizza
*Limoncello was as refreshing and a perfect start to my Birra experience. 
*Caesar Salad was quite tasty, perfect size, right amount of dressing and green lettuce. And the Parmesan crisps on top were a great accent instead of crouton nonsense.
*Now the Gabagol pizza is not what I ordered. The Gaaalic pizza was my choice and I wanted it white, instead of with gravy "Red" section. But instead they gave me Gabagol Pizza without gravy. Mabye a mix up with the G words who knows. Either way it was amazing. The salty capocollo (I normally say gabagool, but since people usually have no idea what I'm talking about, I'll write it that way) paired with the peppery arugula was so good, and the creamy mozzarella... definitely recommended you try. 
Overall it was a great time, all my friends enjoyed what they got and I would go back. Very excited to try Barra later this month!
-AMIf you are over 60 do not eat here.  My husband and I were treated like trash. They could not wait to get rid of us.  Their food is nothing to brag about.As pizza goes in Philly, Birra is easily in the top 5, if not my personal top 3.  The crust is the right thickness and the right balance between soft and crispy.  All toppings are high quality and fresh.  The pear and gruyere pizza in particular is phenomenal.  Try it, and whatever else strikes your fancy.  Just be aware that the gabagool has a good amount of heat.
The other food on the menu is pretty darn good, too.  The pumpkin and asparagus gnocchi was excellent, and I don't generally love gnocchi.  The only thing I've eaten there that didn't knock my socks off was the appetizer with the trio of spreads.  I only liked 1 of the 3, which I believe was the olive tapenade...don't quote me.
Beer list is good, but seemed to favor IPAs on my most recent visit.  Not my favorite; however, there is something for everyone and prices are reasonable. 
There is some outdoor seating in the summer for those who love outdoor dining like me.  The inside of the restaurant is nicely designed and the tvs are always playing something quirky (last time I was there, it was Return of the Jedi, a Bollywood movie, and Gunsmoke).  The wait staff is very knowledgeable about the menu and super personable.  
Birra is essentially an elevated take on the already classic pizza and beer, and just unique enough that it stands out from similar places around the city.  You will leave warm, full, and happy, and not feeling like you had a cookie-cutter experience.Awesome happy hour: 4pm-7pm. You get a pretty large cheese pizza for $5 and 1/2 off drafts.  Their regular menu is also affordable, so many a times, I order something off of the menu during happy hour. The food is always delicious and consistent. That's something that makes a restaurant great, when you know that anything you order is going to come out satisfying.SOLID ITALIAN FOOD WITH GOOD BEER SELECTION. 
Food:  Food here is very good. If you like pizza, you will like this place. They also serve good food here that is not pizza.  They have an extensive beer selection for a place that is not a bar specializing in having lots of different beer. 
Service:  The service was very friendly with a young and polite staff. 
Ambiance:  The restaurant is clean and well kept with big windows that allow for open feeling. 
Definitely a good place to go and spend some time with friends. Would go again if in area.Wow, that is some expensive pizza!  The place has a nice vibe and friendly and accommodating service.  The salads were wonderful, but the pizza was alright.  There are alot of catchy sounding combos like spagetti and meatballs, mac and cheese pizza, but they were just ok.  There are other better great pizza places with good brick oven pizza for a better price.  It was also quite pricey.
Not sure if I will go backA little late on this review but....
I went on opening night to Birra.  I had read about it on Foobooz and some other blogs and didn't have anything to do that night so I figured I would check it out.  I feel like I was one of the only people there that didn't know the owner Gordon, however, I was still treated like royalty. Now it was opening night so I am sure everyone was on their best behavior...but the staff were super nice and everyone seemed like they really wanted to know your opinions.  
We figured that the house specialty seemed to be the pizza, so we ordered 2 pizzas and split them.  We wanted one red and one white so we went with the Gaaahlic and the Mac N Cheese. Both were very good but I think I liked the Mac N Cheese more.  The Gaaahlic was very sweet which was unexpected and both good and bad.  Good in that it was different and interesting...but personally I do not like my pizza to be sweet at all so I was not a huge fan of that. It was also annoying that about 5 people in the restaurant came up and asked what we ordered and when we told them they all said the same cheesy line "oh be glad you are both eating that because it will give you really bad garlic breath."  Yea no shit, I ordered a pizza called Gaaahlic, I didn't think my breath would smell like roses. Anyway, back to the pizza.  The Mac N Cheese was VERY good. I liked the fact that it was not super greasy or too cheesy and the breadcrumbs added the perfect touch. 
My only complaint about this restaurant is its size.  The strip of tables leading up to the bathroom is way too narrow., it is almost impossible for more than one person to squeeze in there at one time.  Otherwise it was enjoyable and I will definitely be back.Birra - how did I pass you by on so many occasions? I can and should wax eloquent on the passion that flows into your offerings to the food gods. How could i have walked past you so many times without seeing you for the pizza god that you are? Octopus app that rocked my world - followed by a 3 pigs pizza topped with black truffles. Be still my heart. Thin crust opulence overflowing with meatilicous and fungal abundance. Truly an offering worthy of Zeus himself. 
Yea- we'll be back . BTW- phillies game on at he bar. And we're up...Great pizza. Decent beer selection. Great neighborhood. Cool place for a very casual dinner.My fiance' and I went last night and I am very tempted to give this place a 5 star rating, but I will wait until repeat visits to update my rating.
That being said, I have to say that we were extremely impressed with the place.  It is nice to see that the management clearly took advantage of the delays (I think liquor licensing was the big hold up) and trained their staff very well.  The staff was very knowlegable of the menu (our bartender Jason had already had everything on the menu and offered up his suggestions).  
The beer list was well thought out and reasonably priced (had a Great Lakes Dortmunder draft and a Brooklyn Chocolate imperial stout (10 oz pour) each for 5 bucks.  I saw 2 or 3 bottles of Italian craft beer on the menu.  I expect that they'll probably increase that depending on demand.  I honestly don't know much about Italian craft beers so I was not disappointed, but I could see how this might be a sticking point for beer geeks looking for something different.
Food is brought out family style so we ordered the 3 Pigs pizza (porchetta, capacollo and I believe prosciutto) and Noni's Brisket sandwich with au jus.  The pizza was thin and crisp, the meat was succulent and the sauce had a nice tang to it.  Honestly, 1 pizza between the two of us probably would have been enough for us for dinner.  The brisket sandwich was ridiculous!  Heaps of tender brisket that could barely stay in the sandwich and melted in our mouths.  There was a nice kick to the brisket as well, provided by a bit of chile pepper according to the owner.  At $9, the sandwich was a steal and I even had half of it leftover for today's lunch :)  The pizza was a bit pricy at $18 for a 12 inch pizza, but as I previously mentioned, in hindsight we could have just shared that and been completely satiated (as it stood we had 2 slices leftover in addition to the half sandwich!)
Overall, this is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I anticipate that it will do very well judging from the crowd on a Tuesday night.  If the consistency of the food is the same after multiple visits I have no doubt that I will be updating my review to 5 stars.Great pizza and service!  Try the roasted duck pizza, you wont regret it!  They also have a wide variety of beers.  I wish they had guiness and a personal size pizza option.OK, looks like Birra is getting it's act together. Good mussels, good white pizza. I'll go back.I'm a fan of Birra. This is a very "East Passyunk" establishment - right in the heart of the strip - and bringing a very chill, local, vibe for the diner. 
There are lots of appetizers, salads, and pizzas to peruse on the menu - and a very stocked full bar, too! My main recommendation here is to go for the $5 beer and pizza Happy Hour - weekdays until 6pm. This means you may need to leave work a few minutes early in order to grab the best deal in South Philly, but it's worth it! 
My experiences with the wait staff here have been great, and if the weather is nice in the summer, the patio is the best place to hang!Went with a few friends and ordered several different dishes/pizza. Everything was yummy especially the octopus with beans and fennel & the Mussels. Service was friendly but forgot to bring a dish we ordered. Overall pretty decent.This is a nice spot with great pizza and a decent beer selection. For 2 beers, a pie and a shared appetizer, we spent $32 before the tip. I will absolutely be returning.Fun chill place.  Good music. If you're lucky to have Greg as your bartender he'll make you the best blood orange margarita.This place was great for a weekday lunch.
Three of us split two pizzas and even had left overs.
The red pizza with capocolla and arugula and the alla carbonara pizza were rich and delicious.
We had wine and a few different beers from their fairly large European list, though they also offer the Philly standards. 
The prices are in the $12-14 range for 12" pizzas (though I swear they are bigger than that and they are topped with so many good things it would be hard to finish a whole one). Beers are $5-7 ish for draft and go up from there for the fancier imported bottles. 
The room is modern and simple and has both bar and table seating. The staff is easy going and helpful.
This place is perfect for hanging out with friends, a first date, or taking the parents out when they come into the city to visit you.We stopped here for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday and it was delish! The food came out quickly and server was friendly and helpful. The mussels here were incredible. We will definitely be back soon!Really good pizza, beer and a cool outdoor seating experience. Kind of a rip, says my husband, but I don't even care. Will go back after trying other places first.I have been to Birra many times and normally love it, but tonight's visit was disappointing. The pizza my boyfriend and I ordered was extremely garlicky. The pieces of garlic were so large that it made the pizza no longer appetizing. When we approached the waitress about the issue with the pizza, she asked us if we wanted a different pizza. We ordered a different pizza that was really good. She asked us if we wanted the first pizza to go. We said that we were not going to eat it, but since it would have been thrown out anyways, I said I would take it to work. By the time the second pizza came out we were already full from eating the spreads and breads, which we love! and the sweet and sour calamari. We had the calamari for the first time tonight and it was pretty good. So, we had most of our pizza pie left over and placed it in our box with the first pizza. We gave money to the waitress for the bill and when she came back with it we noticed that she charged us for the first pizza. When we asked why we were still being charged, she said she could not really take it off the bill because we ordered it. We reminded her that the pizza was not good and we did not eat it. She finally agreed to reimburse us for the pizza. We were expecting to pay for the pizza with the higher price, but she discounted that pizza and charged us the lesser price, which we thought was nice until she walked over to where our to-go pizza box was, grabbed it, and walked away with it. She took the box that had the first pizza and our leftovers of the second pizza. I was expecting to take my leftovers (that I paid for) to work for lunch tomorrow. We were in shock about how she treated us, so we just walked out. We were in awe that she took back our slices of pizza that we had left over and were in a to-go box. We are not sure if we are going back. It sucks that this happened because I love going to Birra usually and have recommended this place to many people.Came here for happy hour. The staff was really friendly and the $5 pizza was really good. I had been craving fresh pizza and this hit the spot. I went on like a Monday or Tuesday and there was no wait. Will definitely be backGreat stop for a couple of out of towners looking for a casual place with good food.  And it wasn't just good - it was terrific!  Salads were fresh, fresh, FRESH, artfully presented and utterly delicious.  Got the Pear and Gruyere pizza after reading other recommendations and it did not disappoint.  Every bit as wonderful as promised.  Service was top-notch.  I don't see how anyone could go wrong here.The pizza is great but the area is not.  We went with 8 people and sat upstairs and I was not a fan of the plastic chairs and tables.  I kind of felt like i was in elementary school again.  We ordered 2 apps and 6 pizzas.  All of the pizzas came out sporadically and the apps came after we received our pizza which I found odd and kind of annoying considering we were no longer hungry for them.  I would not recommend eating here but would definitely do take out to try the pizza, the duck pizza and truffle pizza are the best!I came here on a Friday night around 7pm with a friend, and we were seated right away at an outdoor table. There's a nice selection of beer, wine, and cocktails. I had a pilsner, and my friend had a black IPA which was super interesting.
I had the Arugula Salad (radicchio, grilled red onions, sundried tomatoes, grilled eggplant, gorgonzola cheese, and toasted pine nuts in a white balsamic vinaigrette). It was a perfect balance of flavors - so delicious! 
My friend and I then split the Brussels Sprout pizza without pancetta (roasted brussels sprouts, burrata, and sriracha balsamic). It was pretty spicy, but the burrata served as a nice cooling element.
Service was really slow, but I overheard our waitress tell another table that one of the other waiters hadn't shown up for their shift. I definitely plan to come back and try some of the other delicious-sounding dishes!Great place!!  Awesome beer list.  Didn't get a chance to try the pizza since we only stopped in for drinks, but my neighbors' pies looked absolutely awesome.  I'm definitely stopping by again for dinner!!!We went here for happy hour because I had read that pizzas are 1/2 price during happy hour. Unfortunately, only 4-5 pizzas are part of the special, and those 4-5 happen to be the least interesting sounding pizzas on the menu. We ordered the mac & cheese (which was 1/2 price) and the gabagool (which wasn't). The pizzas are bigger than we thought they'd be. The mac & cheese was lacking something, but was helped out by red pepper flakes and a drizzle of olive oil. The gabagool was much better. I particularly liked the addition of arugula. The beer selection isn't bad, which you'd hope for since the name of the place means "beer" in Italian. They had Great Lakes Dortmunder on tap, and Great Lakes (in my opinion) is one of the best (if not the best) breweries in the U.S.
The biggest con: the place is small, and it gets pretty loud in there.The servers are very friendly and the pizza choices are wonderful. We come here - it's our clutch local place besides POPE. I adore the food here and always come by when I want sumthin DELICIOUS! They never let me down.We had 8 pm reservations at Laurel down the street so we decided to stop in her for a drink and a snack before hand. It's a cozy warm and welcoming place with a central bar and surrounding tables. The bartender was very nice and knowledgeable of the craft beer selection, which was above average. The draft menu was impressive and seasonal and they had a large bottle selection. We sat at the bar which was great for people watching. The place seems to be known for its pizzas but we got the triple arancini small plate as our snack. It came with one seafood rice ball, one vegetable rice ball and one prosciutto rice ball. It hit the spot. I will Definately return for pizza, the smalls were amazing.Mediocre food and overpriced booze make for a one and out.  Nine dollars for a glass of Avia Pinot G that is $5.99 a bottle.Birra Pizza is the Best ever, I literally buy pizza here about 3 times a week, the staff is very nice, Helpfull, Bubly!! But the Pizza  is to die for!!! I've lived in this neighborhood for 54 years and I've seen plenty of pizza places come and go, But Birra's is not only delisious, it's original one of a kind!!Very pleasant staff, quick service. The beer list is great and the food is pretty good too. A little over priced in my opinion but hey! you're in a hip part of town!Great service. It was our first time. There are a few dishes we would like to try next time. We ordered a thr birra calamari and mac cheese pizza and the truffle pizza. 
The calamari had too much sauce. The sauce overpowered the calamari. 
The mac and cheese pizza was good. Just a bit bland if you like meat toppings (which I do). It was good. Just did not really rock my world. 
The truffle pizza was good too. Also a bit plain. Could not taste the truffle. 
We would definitely come again to try some other dishes we saw at other tables.Really good pizza. Lots of unique options to try (like a hamburger pie) but even the basics are unique and delicious. 
For 6 people we got 3 pies and a Caesar salad. The salad was ok- kinda whatever so I would skip it next time and try something else.
The first pizza was the Margherita. I had been watching them make the pizzas while we waited for a table ( the pizza ovens are right there when you walk in so it is very cool to watch) and was eagerly waiting to try this one which was very popular. It is loaded with lots of fresh mozzarella and has tomato sauce and tomatoes. This pie was superb. Absolutely delicious.
The second pie was the Mac and Cheese which I had read about it on every "must try" list for philly. I was slightly disappointed. The pizza is good but was missy something creamy or saucy. I wish I would have asked for hot sauce. I think it would be better with like a creamy ricotta or some sort of sauce to wet the ingredients a big. It wasn't bad it just wasn't as amazing as I was expecting. Definitely try it to understand the hype but it wasn't our favorite of the bunch. 
The third was the Spaghetti and Meatballs . My family devoured this. The spaghetti was nicely cooked and the sauce was delicious. Everyone loved this and the Margherita.
The crust is crispy and a little bit like cardboard but still a great pizza place compared to the rest of philly. 
This is a small restaurant with a bar and not great for big groups. They are opening another part with more room so that could change. But, we went with 6 people so it was hard for them to find a spot and we had to wait. It was worth it for the pizza though! 
We've already talked about going back again to try some of the ones we missed!More even than my favorite pizza place, this might be my favorite overall restaurant in Philadelphia. Inviting and comfortable dining room with very solid service, Always interesting and solid tap-beer list with a very extensive and nice bottle list. Fiance and I love the Spreads and Breads appetizer -- has great bread with three very good spreads. Have had the Three Little Pigs (pork-topping-heavy pizza) and Margherita pizzas, and, honestly, haven't strayed past these because, as much as I'd like to try their other offerings, I can't bring myself not to get them. All-around awesome.Its an awesome  place and I'm very happy its 2 blocks away, but not amazing. 
They have a great beer selection which is great - both draft and bottles and the bartenders are very helpful and nice, but the pizza is just meh. 
My favorite thing on the menu which actually will give another half a start to this rating is their mussels. They are delicious. Much better than most places.
Yes - I'll go back for beer and mussels, but it wont be my go to place for pizza.Went back last Saturday night for a beer. We sat at the bar and the service was equally as friendly as it had been the first night, so two thumbs up again.My significant other and I were treated to this lovely spot overlooking East Passyunk this evening. We were seated right away (excellent amount of outdoor seating available). We are, like the majority of my fellow Philadelphians, beer and grub lovers, so we were very excited about the wide variety of beer offerings. We both split the bread/dip appetizer, which was clearly freshly made and delicious (caution: the delicious focaccia is really filling!). I had the porchetta pizza, which was also very very good. I personally like my pork a bit crispy, which this was not, but everyone's tastes are different so I cannot speak negatively on this topic. My boyfriend had the margherita pizza, that had an excellent tomato sauce and very fresh mozzarella. Our waitress Sabrina was an absolute doll - incredibly attentive and accommodating. We even had the pleasure of spending some time with the owner outside in the beautiful early summer weather. Overall this was a great little spot to enjoy a night out at, and I will plan to come back soon hopefully!Birra was magnificent. Really. From walking into the space that somehow manages to be both modern and cozy (perhaps it's the gently wafting baking pizza smells drifting over the chic decor), to the exceptional meal my friends and I enjoyed, the whole experience was top notch.  
First, the beer list - a page-full selection of seasonal artisan brews, both on tap and by the bottle. My boyfriend had a chocolate stout - delish - and I had a delightfully nutmeggy pumpkin ale.
Then we enjoyed the Frutti d Mare white pizza and the Gaaaahhlic Pizza with a couple of our very own topping additions (you can have them create your ideal pizza, as all of them are made to order, using their wide selection of bases and toppings). Perfectly cooked in the brick oven, delightfully flavorful and balanced. A joy.  
Speaking of joy, the handcrafted desserts (we shared two - the apple cherry crumble a la mode and the chocolate espresso mousse cake) were plate-scrapingly delicious.
To top it all off, we sat at the bar in bar stools that were the most comfortable in my experience - I forgot that's where we were.  Service was  excellent - the perfect balance of friendly and attentive without being intrusive. Knowledgeable and helpful about beer and menu selections.
Truly, we all had a wonderful time enjoying a meal that felt both decadent and light.  We will be coming back again and again.Loved everything about this place. From atmosphere, to service, to food. I was lucky enough to try some dishes from their new menu...all around great. Highly recommend this restaurant!I guess you can call this a pre-review. I called in to ask about how many Italian craft beers they have and was stunned when he said 30 bottles and 9 on draft! Truly this has made me want to go there at the end of this week! I am on a crusade on finding great Italia craft beers, heck I even made a portfolio to investigate such beers! 
I am proud that Birra is such a place undertaking this great moment in Italian craft beer. South Philly needs a revive in good taste in the Italian manner. There is many native Italians in the city, I being from Italy as well. Sadly we do not have such a place here in Collingswood.
I hope to enjoy this place when I go, so I will update then! 
Grazie a tutti! Beve birra!For a non-brick oven pizzeria! The pizzas here were great
I was here after a bar crawl so wasnt looking to treat my taste buds but more to fill my ponch and the simple pepperoni pizza just dug into taste buds and put a smile on my face
I should come back again for some solid tasting 
Tried Piquan beer for the first time, it was more like root beer on a beer tapBirra is really good.  They have a cool selection of beers.  The pizza is amazing.  The maragaritas are amazing.  The only downside is that the tables are very close together inside so sometimes it gets very cozy.  The service is prompt and friendly, and everything is served the second it's ready.  Really cool place!I visited Birra a couple weekends ago on a double date, with much anticipation, and it did not disappoint. What a great addition to the neighborhood!!!
I had the truffle pizza, and it was truly delicious. I'm not sure why I was expecting the crust to be a little bit thinner than it was, but whatever, I loved the flavors! 
The beer was good (Peroni!) and the service friendly and patient, and surprisingly quick considering they make pizzas to order. The wait wasn't long at all, even though we got there during peak time on a Saturday evening- even if we had had to wait, I wouldn't have minded- the open kitchen was a lot of fun to watch.
Bathrooms were ridiculously nice, but the floors were slippery. I'm not sure why that was- maybe because it's so new? Just be careful.
Prices are a little bit steep in comparison to the rest of the neighborhood, but completely worth it. As they say, treat yo self.**NOTE**if anyone from the restaurant actually reads this--PLEASE STOP FLYERING THE NEIGHBORHOOD!!! We are tired of picking up your endless litter!!!!
As for my review of the restaurant itself, I am disappointed to say that I will never eat at Birra again. Plain and simple.
9:30pm on Tuesday night a girlfriend and I are hungry from an evening of shopping and decide to have dinner at Birra. I had eaten there once before and although that experience was fair, I am all about second chances and this seemed like the perfect opportunity.
The night was perfect for dining outdoors so we requested to sit at a table on the Morris Street side for which we were declined.  Although 70% of the tables were available they informed us that they prefer to use those tables for parties of 4 and it was getting late so they were thinking of closing that section down.  So we're seated at a table on top of the basement access. Fine.
We're sitting for what feels like an eternity but is more like 15 minutes before anyone comes over to acknowledge us. When our server finally came she offered no apology for the wait or acknowledgment of it whatsoever.  I made the mistake of asking if they had a beer list to which she replied with quite a bit of attitude that she could tell me about them herself.  I told her I like fruity, light, beers that are wheaty and asked her what she would recommend.  She suggests a Summer Love or a Winter Ale--two beers which I know nothing about. I decided to stick with water and told her I would think about it.
We ordered the gahhhhhhlic pizza and my friend ordered a bottled beer form the list.  When her beer arrived our waters were empty and although we asked for more they went unrefreshed.
Our pizza was brought out by someone who was not our server and when she came to the table I asked her if she could tell our server that I would like to have the Summer Love, based on her recommendation.
In the mean time, we watched two other tables, a 4-top and a 2-top get seated on the Morris Street side. Just added a little insult to injury--obviously not the brunt of the issues.
After two slices of pizza each our server finally emerged with my beer.  She never asked how the pizza was or sad anything at all. Just sat the beer on the table.  If she had asked how the pizza was--we would have said "Just OK". As a pizza that is basically advertised as garlic on top of garlic on top of garlic, we both left without even needing a breath mint (aka NOT very garlicy).
As for the beer, I took one sip and it was terrible! SO overly hoppy and something that was pretty hard for me to believe was the light summer ale she had described.  My friend flagged her down for more water and when she came I said "This is really terrible" to which she said nothing, filled the water, then walked away.  I offered it to my friend but she said it was so strong she couldn't drink it either. So--no one drank it.
The girl who delivered our pizza initially came back to remove our plates.  We asked her about more water but I guess she got busy and forgot.  Another 10 minutes went by before the check came to which the still completely full beer was on it. Bad move. 
Overall--food was JUST ok. Service was TERRIBLE. Won't be back!Order one take out pizza it wasn't as good as I thought, after 2 years I decide to try it again omg it was so salty I had to drink 3 glass of water. My mother and I had never had such salty pizza in our lives, it ruined our day. Services was good but I won't be back.Disclaimer: This happened three years ago.
There was a roach-- a whole ass roach-- on my pizza. After the waitress said, "Oh my God. There is," she quickly took it away. A manager came out and apologized and then offered to make the pizza again. We declined. They made it anyway and brought out the new, un-roached pizza and placed it proudly in the center of the table. Then the bill came. It included the pizza. Never again.BEWARE!! DO NOT EAT HERE! I was DOUBLE charged 5 days after my first charge from dining here! Which I obviously believe is because of the tip I left. I also received the worst service I can ever think of from this place. Not only did we wait 10 minutes for our "available" table (which was the table next to the door that was open the entire time we stood there) and that was after the 30minute wait we originally had... then an additional 10 minutes for our waiter to appear. We quickly ordered our food and drinks in case there was another long duration but that didn't matter because it was 20 minutes before our food showed up but the drinks were a no show for another 8...  Long story short this place fraudulently charged me for horrible service and overpriced ok food.Yum! Pizza was so good and they have a good selection of craft beers on draft and plenty more in bottles. Overall relaxing and fun atmosphere with creative, fresh pizzas!This. Place. Rules.
It was a Tuesday night so there was no wait at all and we were immediately greeted by the host/server, who let us decide if we wanted table or a seat at the bar. The ambiance was welcoming with low lighting, modern decor and a killer old school hip hop staying playing in the background. I could have done without the 3 big TVs, though. I think one would have been fine because it's a small place, but three seems a bit much.
I had read reviews that their Italian beer selection was legit so while I was feeling adventurous, I knew absolutely nothing about Italian beer. Luckily, our server (Leslie) was super knowledgeable and helped me decide what to get and I couldn't have been happier with my choice. I got the "Baladin Nora-Spiced Beer-Piozzo, Italy ABV 6.8%" (I cheated and copied it from their website). It was smooth, yet really carbonated and had a sweet flavor like a cider, but it wasn't as overwhelmingly sweet. I have to admit, I wish their menu had the size bottles (in oz) next to their prices, because for $12 I thought I was getting a large bottle. Then I realized it's actually imported from Italy, which explains the price tag, but makes it that much more worth it. The rest of their beer list is very impressive - there's something for everyone. And if you're unsure, your server would be happy to help with their wealth of knowledge. Seriously, she told me anecdotes about the brewers in Italy. I was impressed.
Now to the food. We were looking to split an appetizer, but couldn't decide on which one because we thought they were either too expensive or my bf wasn't in the mood for splitting a salad (but I would have got the roasted veggie, it sounded fabulous). We learned later that it's a family style joint, which makes sense for their prices because their portions are gigantic. I'd recommend going with a group or fasting all day if it's just a date for two because you will be stuffed. We skipped the appetizers and ordered the "Gaaahlic" pizza. I don't recommend this on a first date, but when you're happily committed in a four year relationship, bring on the gaaahlic. Good Lord, it was so delicious. There were slivers of roasted garlic and the cheese was all gooey and melty for lack of a better word and delicious! Molto delizioso! For $9 it was a decent sized pie for two people (I think 6 slices total). 
The dessert menu looked promising and we voted on the white chocolate, raspberry tiramisu. I kid you not, when she brought it out to us, my reaction was "Are you f**king kidding me?" It's HUGE (you can see the pictures I uploaded if you don't believe me) and appropriately priced at $8. I just wished we had more people to help us eat it! They're not kidding when they say family style. 
The prices are reasonable because the portions are so huge, but I recommend bringing a group. The ingredients are fresh and of great quality. The staff is super helpful, polite and knows their stuff. I can't wait to come back, in fact I'm already in the midst of planning a double date there tomorrow.This is by far my new favorite place. I brought my parents here on New Years Day and I take back what I said about not liking all the TV's. My dad can be difficult to entertain sometimes, but he was pleasantly occupied by whatever game was on, so there is something for everyone. My dad is also really critical of Italian food and he loved it, win!
Came back here again last night and I was so happy to see that it's still the same! It's nice to see they haven't fallen into whatever is hip and make it some place it's not. For a pretty happening place, you can still hear your fellow dinner guests without shouting over some crappy music. For my third visit here, the food is very consistent. We get the gaaahlic pizza every time, but last night we also built our own and added fresh arugula on top. GET THE FRESH ARUGULA. It was so delicious and I could tell how fresh it was because it was pretty spicy. 
I can't stop raving about this place. Go here and bring friends because the portions are big and the beer is excellent! They will be impressed at what good taste you have. You're welcome.Birra might have been the name of the Roman Pizza God if I'm not mistaken.  Trust me when I say this place is easily without a mathematical doubt one of Philly's top #3 Pizza spots, honestly it could be #1, I've had some terrific and very memorable pizza experiences thanks to the geniuses behind the very groovy and original pizza menu.
first off, the dough, its basically unrivaled, these guys have nailed some sort of spot on doe recipe, it has a perfected harmony of soft to crunchy ratio and its glazed over with a garlic oil, im convinced there is salt involved with the oil drizzle but there isn't.  Very cool choices on the menu, I immediately fell in love with the Caponata and its divine balsamic drizzle, although I personally order it without the sopressata(thin salty meat) I thought the meat flavor was a bit intense and overshadowed everything else I was loving about the pizza, so Caponata without sopressata is always included in my order.  
The Pear and Gruyere is very cool, the chef was smart enough to exclude the arugula and put it in a separate container to avoid it getting soggy on the hot pie since I was taking mine to go.  I ate it without the arugula and with and honestly I prefer it without arugula.  I really love the subtle sweetness of that pizza driven in by the glazy pears 
The Carolina BBQ pizza was fun, but personally I am a real spice wuss and this pizza packed a decent spice factor that is apparently in the BBQ sauce, which sucks because the sauce is great, just a bit too spicy for my self, hence preventing me from ordering it again although I know I will eventually haha. the corn is the coolest part of that pie and the bbQ pork shoulder(which is also a great addition to the Mac & cheese pizza if you are feeling extra hardcore)
The Mac & Cheese pizza is insane and as legit as all the hype. I will admit the very first time I got a mac & cheese it was a bit slim on the mac n cheese side, I mentioned it to them the second time I ordered and the second time I received the most heavenly mac & cheese pizza on the planet. It was memorable like your first time reaching 2nd base.  This thing was packed thick and creamy, easily an inch deep of this gooey almost illegal mac and cheese and you will  love the way the orange and yellow cheeses were melted over it, and the garlic  drizzle was extra heavy on the crust( the garlic oil works the BEST on the Mac & cheese pizza) and it was just an all around heavenly moment.  This was all thank to the miracle magic man Chef Paulie, don't get me wrong the other chefs are top notch how ever I know that all my best pizzas from Birra were graced by the talents of Chef Paulie.  Damn this place is so legit the only thing that sucks is I'm in University City and gotta drive down there and parking is bizarre every time.  
finally I can attest to the fact that Birra is Great take away pizza, I pick mine up fresh outa the oven, drive them home about 15 minutes, get to my apt, do a quick reheat of the slices I want to eat in my toaster oven for a quick minute and they are as perfect as they would be if I sat there in the restaurant.  Better yet, these slices heat up really well the next day. for instance you know how dominos or papa johns or pretty much the vast majority of pizza is a bit of when reheated the next day? not an issue here, this pizza is magical, reheats very well.  It's also a very good value, some times you go to one of these more legit brick oven pizza places and you question why you just paid a high price for a minute quantity, I have never felt that here, def get your "bang for your buck' as they would say, the toppings are always generous and fulfilling. 
Godspeed Birra, don't ever lose yer touch!This place in known for specializing in their pizza bowl. Having been to Barra in old city and really enjoying it, I was looking forward to the meal here very much. The place was extremely loud even on a Sunday night. Although I enjoyed the music they were playing, it made communicating with the waitress and other people at the table very difficult to do. 
We ended up ordering the meatballs al forno as an appetizer. The meatballs were ok, but not impressive. There was some kind of nut in them that didn't mesh with the texture of the meatballs.
Another group at our table ordered a pizza with red peppers and sausage. Their regular pizzas are delicious, one of the better in the city in my opinion. The crust is excellent.
I ordered the roasted duck pizza in a birra bowl. It sounded delicious. The waitress did warn us at the beginning that the birra bowls take, which is no big deal, and sort of expected from any deep dish pizza format. The pizza ingredients are cooked in a ceramic bowl with the dough actually on top of the bowl on the outside. When the pizza is done, they flip the bowl over, and the pizza crust that was on top is now on the bottom. Because the pizza we chose was a white pizza, it was made with oil as the base. The only issue with this is that the oil heats up to a much higher temperature than the rest of the ingredients. So when the pizza is the right temperature to eat, the oil inside it that you will occasionally get a bite of is too hot to stand. 
The inside of the pizza, despite the oil temperature issue was outstanding. The duck was savory, and the onions and other ingredients melted together very well. The crust, however; was basically inedible. It was very difficult to cut into pieces, and hard to chew through as well. 
I think I will stick to their traditional thin crust pies moving forward at both of their restaurants.I love this place.  We went there a month ago and have been back several times since.  
The pizza is great and there are tons of unique and modern choice.  The salads are 
great and the beer list is top notch.  But for me their mussels make it one of my
favorite places to go.  They are spicey, garlicy, and oh so tasty.  With a big piece
of crusty bread, it really is the perfect meal in and of itself!!!
I highly reccomend anyone try this place out!Birra is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood! The lovely balance of brick-oven custom pizza, exciting salads, and small plates, paired with a great selection of beers  makes Birra absolutely delicious. The managers and servers are incredibly friendly, helpful, and welcoming. We enjoyed the gah-lic pizza, mac n cheese pizza, and a white pizza with long hots al fresco on a warm spring day. Looking forward to our next pie at Birra!Good pizza and good beer... What's not to like about that? I love being able to get good pizza with the beer choices not being limited to the typical cheap stuff that will not be named, and I'll just never drink in my life time. Nice craft stouts and Belgians is what I'm talking about!
Their ceasar salad is so good with the baked Parmesan pieces they give you. Big enough to share for 2-3 people. On the subject of pizza, it doesn't matter what combination of toppings you get, just make sure you add cured tomatoes to the list. So good, and home-made! I just wish they canned that stuff so I could bring it home with me. Yum!
One thing I noticed is that sitting at the bar offers better service than sitting at the tables. For some reason we always seem to get forgotten about while at a table, but the bartenders are always attentive and pleasant so we just eat there now.LaScala's is a cool, modern, upscale pizzeria/ Italian restaurant. I went with a group of 4 friends and we got three pizzas: four cheese, caponata, and prosciutto.  All three were excellent and had an element which really stood out.  For the four cheese it was the garlic flavor and the burrata cheese.  The pizza had just enough garlic for you to notice it but it wasn't over powering. For the caponata, I really liked the sauted red onions. It brought out a sweetness in the pizza you don't get often. Lastly the freshness of the prosciutto is what I liked most of that pizza. It had a good ratio of arugula, cherry tomatoes, and thickly grated Parmesan to go with the prosciutto. Most pizzas I'I've had like this tend to overpack the pizza with arugula, which makes it messy, but not LaScala's. 
The only gripe was that the service could have been better. It wasn't bad, but it took at least 15 minutes for us to get our drinks after ordering.
Overall it was a great time out and great food. I would recommend this place for a date night, or dinner with friends.Sitting outside on a fall day is pleasant. One pizza is enough for two, unless you're super ambitious. But I would shoot for the ambitious, because then you can take some home with you. 
And they are quite good. The pear, gruyere, prosciutto, arugula one is my favorite I have to say. 
They also have a decent list of birre as the name would suggest. Casual and easy, very enjoyable experience in a great location.Had dinner reservations for 8:30 on Saturday night, 7 of us. We waited 45 to sit down. The Manager provided us red wine on the house while we waited. We ordered everything from meatballs, salads, pizzas, to lasagna and chicken parmigiana. The food was delicious, brought out in a timely manner and our waitress was exceptional! She brought out desserts for us, which were on the house. They were terrific. 
This restaurant deserves  4.5 stars for its food, but we caught them at a bad time. I will go back and give it another try.I throughly enjoyed this place. To me this is what good south Philly Italian is all about. Simple ingredients, good beer and most of all MEATBALLS. 
Just the sheer size of this beautiful mixture of beef and veal is enough to send me into a blissful state. With the home made ricotta cheese on top just makes this dish so great. 
The staff is always friendly and the bar manager is a super cool guy.Birra is located in a section of the city that is literally bustling with humanity and food options. A walk through the Passyunk Bermuda Triangle that is 'Yunk, Broad and Washington, on a weather perfect Sunday afternoon in April, reminded me of my time in Europe at the weekend markets. 
I met a friend who lived in the area at his place with the intention of getting lunch. He asked me where I wanted to go, I asked what's good in the area. He put a pot of coffee on and told me to find a comfortable chair because listing good restaurant options can take awhile around here. 
One of his first suggestions was Birra and this was probably for the best because the notion of pizza and beer on this wonderful day just seemed like the right thing to do. 
Speaking of beer. I almost made a colossal mistake here, by wondering to myself if they even had beer. I studied foreign language in college and while I didn't specifically take Italian, I should have immediately known it meant beer. To be frank, we should all know how to say beer in every language including and not limited to American Sign Language.
So once again I'm using a lot of words to say something simple so I'll get to business. 
I was surprised how quickly we got a table on a bustling Sunday afternoon but it was post brunch and I'm not even sure Birra offers any kind of traditional brunch ( I did see a fried egg pizza though). Pizza and beer is as fine a brunch for me though, even if it was closer to Linner (Lunch/Dinner).
The atmosphere was beautiful as was its staff, inside and out. The service was quick and efficient. I felt neither bothered or ignored. 
I chose some kind of coffee porter from their nitro which was wonderful even though it's not really the season for it. I just don't like the seasonal summery  ales and saisons around this time.
I felt like their specialty pizzas were a little too pricey and there was always an element I didn't like, so their build a pizza option was great. It starts at $6 for a plain cheese and you can add toppings at about $3 a piece. 
I chose a regular cheese with Italian sausage topping. 
The pie came out fairly quickly. It was the perfect size. Enough to eat maybe 3/4 and take a few slices home for leftovers. It was definitely my kind of pie. Thin and crispy with good , greasy cheese on top. It had a brick oven feel without being brick oven. In other words it wasn't burnt. Ha!
I wasn't as happy with the sausage. It was good but they put a few scattered thick pieces on top so that each slice maybe had 1 bite of sausage to it. I think I'd prefer it sliced thinner and spread out more evenly. There are other toppings that looked good for future visits though.
Overall, Birra should be considered a prime option , even in this area of high restaurant competition. Definitely a nice little spot to satisfy your primal beer and pizza cravings. You can't see, but I looked up how to ASL Beer and I'm doing it right now.I really don't understand the love for Birra. Our experience: 40 minute wait, caesar salad soaked in dressing and served with limp pita (made from the pizza dough, I guess), overly-salty pizzas, too-small table, gimmicky menu, and cheesy decor (+tvs!). There are a lot of great pizza places in this town, and this is not one of them.Shrimp & grits were okay, moderately sized shrimp and decent grits swimming in a chili-scented broth and topped with corn and chopped tomatoes. Pizzas are structured like round flatbreads, thin crispy crusts adorned with a reasonable amount of toppings. I understood what they were shooting for with the mac & cheese pizza and it wasn't bad... but I probably wouldn't get it again. Pear & gruyere pizza was a winner though, the touch of honey and arugula garnish made my taste buds happy.
Moderate bottled/draft list featuring a variety of great beers (the Rude Elf on tap was crazy tasty and had me longing for Christmas). No issues with service despite full tables, some seating outside, lots of 2-hour weekday street parking in the neighborhood. I'm eager to return to this corner pizzeria and try the seared octopus, braised shortrib ravioli, noni's brisket or roasted porchetta paninis, roasted duck or alla carbonara pizzas.Was the pizza good?  Yeah, sure.  Better than some other places I've given 4 stars in fact (looking at you, Kennett).  Three Little Pigs and Carbonara were certainly enjoyed if not a bit greasy.  Heard great things about the ravioli and give them props for a more full-fledged menu than other "higher-end" pizza joints.  So in this respect they're 4 stars.
But was the service good?  Not really.  My mom's veggie panini was obviously forgotten under a heat lamp (the dipping sauce's container was very hot to the touch), and came out way after the rest of the table's entrees.  Waitresses would disappear for long periods of time, a guy who worked there that was standing by the entrance was being very loud with his boys who stopped in for a drink, stuff like that.  People were generally nice, but this kind of stuff just took away from the dinner a little bit.  It was a Sunday night, the place wasn't that crowded yet it seemed a loud, tense environment.  Just rubbed me a bit wrong.
This being said I'll likely stop back in, just be forewarned it's not a quiet, relaxing place to grab a bite.  Better to think of it as a loud bar that services really good pizza-centric food.We came specially to eat pizza. We got in 10:50 pm and they told us that the kitchen is closed in 10:45 pm although on the door and in the site it's write that the kitchen is closed in 11:00 pm. And it's was Saturday night. We were very disappointed from the place.All around great experience for our group of 8 last Sunday.  Signature drinks were so good; margarita and prosecco cocktail delicious! With such a large group we had a number of different things.  All the pizzas were delicious with a nice thin crust; loaded potato pizza, duck and margarita pies were all fresh and really good.  Meatballs were so good!   We would all absolutely go back!
Oh my gosh how could I forget the truffle mac and cheese - I will get this every time I manage to come back!   
We didn't have room for dessert but I saw the bread pudding go by - .   Just sayin, I wanted it.I will say, I had the best grilled cheese of my life here. The place is cute. The service was less than decent. I got there on the early side. So, it was a change of shift. The girl who initially waited on us was great. She left 10 mins after we got there. Like I said, we were on the early side, so we were the only 2 at the bar. The bartender wouldn't even look at us. I actually had to do an "Excuse me". Twice. My companion didn't like his beer. (They only serve "fancy" beers). No option for the non beer connoisseur. I have no problem paying for that. No one's fault. I am on the wine snobby side, and it had very few options and none I particularly liked, but it wasn't for me. What I found very odd, he poured it into a carafe, but gave him a regular rocks/highball glass to drink it out of. I think if you put that much time into a beer list, take half that time on wine by the glass options. I didn't have a chance to check out the wine by the bottle list. The initial bartender gave me a menu to hang on to, new guy took it away from me. When I asked for the wine list, he gave me a little menu just meant for wine by the glass? It of course wasn't cheap, but I had expected that. I may give it another chance because I live in the hood. But when Stateside and Stogie Joes are so awesome, I don't see a reason unless someone else makes a plan. 
As always, love new business on Passyunk. They're doing well without me. Note to management... As a bartender for a 100 years, I was never allowed to eat my shift meal at the bar. When we first sat down, I thought the guy eating next to us was a patron, not the bartender. I'm pretty easy going, but that's not a good look. Empty tables everywhere at that time. Just sayin.I am back for the REAL review! And I was impressed! 
For me, trying the Pizza Margherita is the make or break!  The sauce had a tang to it which was vinegar. I will make an Italian regional note here, and tell you in the small region of Basilicata we use vinegar for our sauce, so that was really awesome! 
Since I have been obessed with Italian craft beers, it was great to see a small selection there. I cannot imagine if they were to have the selection of the Farmer's Cabinet, I would never leave! But they are starting out and seeing how their clientale react to this emerging Italian craft beer movement. I came from New Jersey just to try it and I was glad and left happily. 
Grazie, Birra! Tante Grazie! 
Giovanni