Laurel was soooooooo good...like, really good. But was it $600 for two, good? Probably not. Wait, maybe? The amount of truffles they shaved over the gnocchi was redunkulous. I think we ate a whole nugget alone (Not really, but close). So, yes, it was worth it. But, I will say, after traveling around the world and paying for many high-dollar meals (Which $600 may not qualify for?), Laurel just doesn't really stand out to me [other than the truffles]. If you have cash to burn - GO! If not, save your money and splurge elsewhere (I really can't recommend anywhere in Philly in the 'BLOW YOUR MIND, BEST MEAL I'VE EVER HAD' category, though tons of perfectly cooked meals for significantly less).
Enjoy!The best meal I've had in Philadelphia! The food was SO delicious and the service was top notch. We had the 7 course tasting menu and every single dish was 5/5 stars!  I didn't think that was possible until I dined here. I especially loved the albacore tuna,  the torn scallop, the ricotta gnocchi, and the pudding with puffed grains.  We love it here so much, we plan on coming every season to try new dishes!Ambiance is quant.  Service is top notch.  Food is creative and well presented.  Prices are appropriate for quality of food.  Most importantly, the food is delicious.
I recommend the gnocchi, which I ordered without panceta.  The Walu was also amazing.  The chocolate pudding was surprisingly light.
Big tip - BYOB!  This is a huge plus of you want to avoid corkage (I dont think they charge).
Also I called and got in the next week.  I know they book out, so check their Twitter or call.
Well worth it.  Very romantic.  Perfect for a date night or any other sort of gathering.Laurel is no longer a newcomer, but still going strong.  Chef Elmi continues to turn out French inspired dishes that are uber-creative without being over the top.  Yes, the food is post-modern, but not to the extreme, fussed, but not overly so, and the portion sizes are what you'd expect from a 7 course tasting...somewhere between small and medium-small.  Ingredients are fresh beyond compare, presentation is outstanding, service is attentive without being overbearing, and the flavor combinations are unique and work exceedingly well.  The wine list is very small, only a handful of options.  The overall experience at this very small East Passyunk restaurant is outstanding, and worth the trouble in getting a reservation, and paying the $85 pre fixe.  Reservations do appear to be a bit easier than they have been in the past, but don't let that fool you into thinking the food is any less fantastic than it has been.Okay people, this place is worth the hype and the $$$$. After watching Chef Elmi compete on Top Chef like a champ, I knew I had to quickly make a reservation to support my Philadelphia rising star chef's new restaurant. It's a good thing I did, because Laurel is now booked up for basically the next 3-4 months.
My favorite dishes of the night were the scallop crudo (which came with an incredible apple and cucumber consumme), the roasted shrimp and mushroom soup, the pork with a chestnut puree, and the complex sweet and sour dessert of white chocolate pudding with cocoa nibs and quince. Every single dish we had was thought-provoking and so exciting. I think that was my favorite part. Although we knew what the ingredients of each course were, we still had no idea what to expect when it came to the flavor. Chef Elmi kept us on our toes the entire time.
The restaurant is also BYOB and the pricing is comparable to many restaurants in the city. The portions are also fair and we left feeling satisfied and happy.
I'm sorry to talk it up because you won't be able to get into Laurel anytime soon. This Top Chef winner knows what he is doing!I'm looking at the reviews here, and I can't make sense out of what I'm seeing. Either (i) I don't realize what an unsophisticated rube I am, (ii) people are afraid to give a fancy, high-profile place a low-star review, or (iii) Yelp is a scam and Laurel pays them a bunch of money to keep low-star reviews out. Laurel is, at best, unremarkable, except for the prices, for which Laurel has managed to set a new standard in Philadelphia. Dollar-for-ounce, it's by far the most expensive place in the city. 
'Fois gras' always sounds good when it rolls off waitresses' lips, and it tastes even more decadent than it sounds. But when you say it, there should actually be some fois gras in the dish -- at least enough to taste it. All I tasted was the most expensive granola I've ever had; I prefer some of the granola in those containers at Whole Foods.
The one dish I did think was excellent was the gnocchi, which I gather is their famous dish. It was good, but I feel like I'm paying for its fame at an additional $55. I notice other reviews discussing it only months ago for $20, $40, $45. No matter how good it is, I don't think it'll be worth it in a year from now when it's $125.
Many reviewers note the tiny portions. They are, to be sure, miniscule, but I actually don't mind that, so long as the taste is a knockout. Here, we received eight dishes -- one (the gnocchi) was excellent, one (the Burgundy snail dish) was very good, and six literally made us laugh at ourselves for voluntarily being robbed of $300. That's $300 -- at a BYO. Remarkable.Food for the most part was very very good. Small portions of course but many plates. It's about taste so law of diminishing returns applies , no more than 3 bites of each plate. 
Service was great. Only thing about the service I found odd. The owner served and explained some of the dishes. He seemed pissed off to be there . Unhappy. You couldn't hear a damn thing out of his mouth that he was explaining. I asked twice still couldn't hear. Neither could my wife and she has bionic hearing. 
Good to go for special occasions.I can say that the the 4 month advance reservations were well anticipated but were definitely not worth the wait. After dealing with the pretentious waitress who I'm sure I'll C next Tuesday on South St. Being rude to people and making them feel less then with the tip money from my $900.00 dinner eating a cheesesteak at Jim's or enjoying a margarita at Manny Browns! Save your money!! Better service at the Melrose!!!Now I know what all of the hype is about!
I luckily secured a spot for two last Wednesday night after seeing them tweet about cancellations on their twitter page. I booked a reservation at 6:30 on Open Table and then called to confirm the reservation. I wanted to do something special for my boyfriend as his graduation was that Thursday, so it worked out perfectly. 
We arrived with champagne and beer, and the hostess immediately took it in the back to chill. We were then seated and our waitress came over, poured us a glass of champagne and described how the menu worked. Not long after, we were served our first course.
Course 1: Uni
This dish was a perfect starter course. It was a small bite of food but still was very, very good.
Course 2: Mackerel
What made this dish for me was the horseradish ice. It was a perfect balance between the texture of the raw mackerel and the spicy/sweet taste of the green apple. Yum.
Course 3: Escargot
As it was escargot week, they of course needed to serve a dish with a focus on snails (which worried me a bit as I am not a huge fan). I was pleasantly surprised! The textures/taste was right on point. 
Course 4: Gnocchi
The gnocchi was a ricotta base and served with a stinging-nettle sauce. It was perfection.
Course 5: Walu 
This fish was impeccably cooked- crisp on the outside and flaky and buttery throughout. It was served with a rhubarb puree that tied the whole thing together.
Course 6: Veal
This course was my least favorite. Overall, the veal was very tender and the vegetables were cooked well, but it lacked the special ingredient that I felt was present in the other courses. 
Course 7: Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding
This was an AMAZING dessert. The pudding had a fantastic texture, and the granola-like topping was the perfect contrast.
The food was amazing, but what really made this place a winner in my book (and worthy of the best restaurant in Philly award) was the service. From start to finish we felt that we were being taken care of and treated as if we were the only customers in the restaurant. I will never forget this experience and I cannot wait to come back!!hands down, the best restaurant in Philly. I've been twice now and both times it was impeccable. Beautiful textures, colors, flavors. Portions are the perfect size and you always leave feeling satisfied but not TOO full. Service is very good and the vibe is not stuffy, which is always appreciated. Affordable too considering how wonderful it is. Menu additions can get pricey, but have been worth it in my opinion.
My only complaint was that we ordered the gnocchi and found a hair in it. This would normally gross me out but I know that this was probably a really rare fluke considering how great this place is.
Everyone in Philly who considers themselves a foodie needs to go to Laurel ASAPExcellent food, great setting and service to match. The food not only tastes good and fills you up but it's also presented extremely well. 
I would definitely recommend!You know you have good friends when they predict the winner of Top Chef early, secure a reservation and include you on said reservation.  Don't be jealous because your friends didn't think to do the same.  I heard they'll be opening up their reservations for June soon.  It's not thaaaat far away (gloats obnoxiously).
But seriously, reserve for June.  Those mouthwatering gnocchis, the perfectly cooked walu and the citrus curd dessert* (my top three of the night) are out of this world fantastic.
*You will want to get the pudding because it sounds more amazing.  It is amazing.  But the curd is amazinger (yes, amazinger) and you will feel like a jerk when you end up eating all of the dessert that you didn't choose, while the smarter person who ordered the curd gets shafted despite their excellent decision skills.
There's a reason this 22 seat restaurant made it in the James Beard semifinalist list for best new restaurant (please win, please win... or you Serpico, you are delicious too).  So go see for yourself... in June.When you are here you feel like you are a part of Nick Elmi's family. The food is delish, make sure to get the tasting menu and enjoy every creation that kitchen delivers. The staff is kind, unobtrusive, and clearly loves working there. It is a team effort and you'll feel it. Eat the gnocchi and if you get a chance to see adorable Elmi that's pretty nice icing on the cake as well!  Fabulous place to celebrate!This restaurant was a superb gastronomical experience. Intimate setting, impeccable service, phenomenal ingredients, and exquisite dishes. A true cacophony of flavors that was full of surprises. 
Chef Nick Elmi is likely one of the best chefs in the northeast. He is something to be discovered.Simply Amazing. Simple, yet elegant decor. The service was top notch and the food, everything we ordered, was perfect! The gnocchi, tuna and white chocolate pudding were three favorites, but truly, everything was terrific. Well done Nick!!Top Chef Nicholas Elmi truly knows his craft! An amazing arrangement of flavors and textures to entice every palette!  Another wonderful visit!I'm not usually wowed by restaurants but this place is AMAZING especially if you're into seafood. Their smoked cod was especially good. Service was excellent. Best of all, its a BYOB. I can definitely see why its the hottest restaurant in Philadelphia right now.This was a restaurant I bookmarked on yelp for awhile and finally had a chance to try it.  This was a special occasion since my friend is moving away.  I came in with high expectations; however, I left disappointed.  This was listed as one of the top restaurants by foobooz and considering the difficulty it was to even book a table, I really did look forward to this dinner.  If I could use one word to describe the interior, it's SIMPLE.  The restaurant is also small; however, I hear they are expanding next door.  
So this is a 7 course tasting menu.
1.  Hamachi (lacked flavor)
2.  Cocoa cured Foi gras with grapes (frozen and flaky) - I very much enjoyed this dish
3.  Wild burgundy snails - didn't even know that I ate snails, that's all I can say, not a fan
4.  Seared scallops - meh, it was kind of slimy 
5.  Brown buttered arctic char
6.  Corned pork cheek
7.  Caramelized white chocolate pudding
We also ordered the gnocchi on the side ($20 extra).
Overall, it was a pricey meal for the lack of quality in dishes.  I was not wowed by anyone of the dishes.  The dishes were small in portion; however, they were indeed filling by the time you are done the entire meal.  Oh, presentation of the dishes were kind of lacking as well.  If the dishes are small, they usually present it quite well in appearance but nothing to see here, move it along.  Will I be back?  Likely not, i'll take my hundred beans elsewhere with the many choices available in Philadelphia.Best meal we've had in the city. Will be back again, but probably won't order 1 of each course next time (we were both stuffed!). Definitely worth checking out at least once! Food was delicious, and the balance of flavors on each dish was impeccable. No wonder it's so hard to get a reservation here.Love the decor. The appetizers and seafood were very good. However, the meat dish was very average and the service was extremely mediocre, almost below average. I requested a cup of hot milk and was informed they were UNABLE to produce a glass of hot milk!!! Very disappointing service......After watching game Top Chef this season any judge who said Nick Elmi's food was under salted was crazy.    It was delicious food that was so come but tasted like it was effortless to make.  Each dish was presented beautifully.   The gnocchi were so light and airy I could eat them every night. Each course was better than the next.   
The space is simply decorated and very intimate.   It was a great date spot.   The food was beautiful,  restaurant was intimate,  and it makes you feel like you a part of something bigger.    I can't wait to go back.Incredible food, amazing service. Quaint, quiet, and romantic. Easily the best meal and best experience I've had at a restaurant. There's a reason why it's one of the best restaurants in Philly. My favorite part besides the food? Nick Elmi serves you at least one course. So great to meet the mastermind behind the creativity!For the food, Laurel is a 5 star establishment. As I see many have described in great detail each of the dishes served in the seven course tasting menu. I would have loved to. 
HOWEVER, I couldn't hear a word our server said. After the second time I asked her to repeat herself as I could not hear her, you think she would have caught on that her voice was not being heard. I was sitting nearest her. My wife, against the wall, further from her, and could not hear her, either. So, it wasn't my hearing.
I am not sure if this was a result of a "snootiness" or simply the server's demeanor. But, when Nick,  himself came to the table to describe a course, we couldn't hear him too well, either. 
I will say that the server at the next table seemed to be decibels above our server.
All of this jibber-jabber, is because, what should have been an absolutely heavenly meal and evening, left a sour taste in my mouth. If entry level is $85 a head, and it is a tasting menu, it is not too much to ask that the diners can actually hear the description of the food.  
What say you, Nick?There are barely words to describe what an incredible meal we had at Laurel. Everything from the food to the service to the decor was absolutely perfect. We can't wait to go back!!!Dinner 8/18/18 :
Kasu Cured Kanpachi, Green Peaches, Sea Buckham - 5/10
Braised Burgundy Snail, Polenta, Shitake Mushroom, Truffle, Hominy - 10/10
Poached Maine Mussels, Saffron, Squad, Whey - 8/10
Wild Striped Bass, Pistachio, Beans, Citrus - 6/10
Roasted Lamb, Alliums. Kimchi, Jus - 5/10
Roasted Veal, Fresh and Fermented Radish - 4/10
Bluberry Sorbet, Chocolate Pudding, Champage, Creme Fraiche - 9/10This place has a bunch if 5-star reviews and I am going to add to that. Several things about this place, I think, make it special. First of all, it's small... like 20 ppl small. It makes it nice; not in a snobby, exclusive way, but in a comfortable,  relaxed, "I can sit back and enjoy this" sort-of-way. You get the feel that this is not some major commercial operation, but a group of friends working together to make amazing food in an East Passyunk row house. The chef just happened to be at the door when we walked in and he seated us as if it were no big deal.
Second, it's a "value" at $75 for a 7 course tasting (granted that does not include tax and tip). The cost of me and my girlfriend's meal + tax + tip was less than other tasting menus we've been to with similar quality. Like a lot of places in Philly, it's BYOB, and they did not charge us a corkage fee. 
Finally the food was phenomenal. Yeah it's all local and it's all fresh like a lot of places, but what was excellent was how the flavor of the dishes transcended the ingredients. Things I don't normally like, like scallops and mushrooms, tasted great. Every aspect of every dish tasted unique and delicious. I would gladly go back, especially because the tasting menu rotates.
Overall of you have the opportunity to eat here I would highly recommend it. With so many places in the city belonging to serial restauranteurs (Jose Garces and Steven Starr) chef Elmi has created a truly unique experience. Philadelphia is a city with an amazing restaurant scene, but I think this one takes the cake for me.Oh my goodness!! Ok, so Laurel definitely deserves to be the #1 restaurant in Philly. Key takeaways for when you go : 
1.) it's a BYOB! And of course.. I forgot to grab the wine (ooopps !) but the staff was so nice, they ended up offering us their house wine they had in the back.. My husband ended up enjoying a few glasses. :) 
2.) Chef tasting is a must! It's a magical journey, starting first with the light dishes,  transitioning course by course to the heavier ones. We splurged.. We ended up getting an extra dish added on as well (Risotto with grated black truffle, served by the one and only, top chef).   
3.) What the Duck?! I'm usually not a huge duck fan.. Only because I've had it so many times where it's usually not good.  They served us this duck entree with sunchoke, onion, huckleberry, and coffee.. OH my GOD. I'll never be able to try duck ever again. It was so amazing, it didn't even taste like duck. The skin was so crispy and salty... Words can't describe.
We also had a duck confit cassoulet, served with quail egg, white bean, and onion ash.. (Sounds confusing as all he!!.. I mean, who the heck knows what a cassoulet is?) But this was an example of how the chef can take something you try to picture in your mind what this dish is going to look like.. And you end up completely wrong :) But, this dish was also unique because out of everything we ate, I felt this one had the most "comforting" taste to it. Being able to combine such "unique ingredients," and make it taste like something you never had before... But also encompass a sort of familiarity (if that makes any sense, I also had the same experience recently with the lamb at Zahav). 
4.) And..in conclusion.. Before I babble on too much... The chef is extremely, extremely nice. The staff and servers were on top of their game without making you feel like you're at some snooty place... The restaurant is in a row home. Intimate enough to so you can have a conversation without the table next to you eavesdropping, and comfortable enough, where if you wanted to wear a blazer you could, or stroll in with a flannel shirt and uggs you could as well (such as myself tonight). 
Now go make a reservation. You'll have to wait 2-3 months before you can enjoy this delicious meal. Happy eating.I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Laurel. Well done creative menu, excellent waitstaff. My only critique is that the portions were little small.The sign of a truly excellent dish is when your last bite is better than your first one.  It doesn't happen that often, and it happened very often when we had the 7 course chef's tasting menu at Laurel.
The standouts were the foie gras, the mackerel, the walu, and both of the desserts.  The gnocchi is very popular, and I thought it was great.  But there were other dishes that were even more spectacular.
Of all the places I've eaten in Philadelphia, this place ranks among the top three.
I love how Chef Elmi comes out and talks to each table too.  If I were a top chef fan, I probably would have gone bonkers.What can i say about Laurel that would describe our experiance there tonite?  The food was excellent, the service suburb, and their attention to detail and knowledge of every ingredient of every course was truly impressive. Christina, our server, was unbelievably gracious and professional .  Would highly recommend this suberb dining experiance.  We will return soon.Had a fantastic meal tonight! Now I can't remember everything we had so I'll just describe a few of the items. The specials were wagyu beef and ricotta gnocchi with shaved truffles,  so after a little back and fourth we decided to get both, they did not disappoint.  The chef shaved what looked like a black snowfall of truffles onto the gnocchi, every gloriously light pillow was covered.  I wanted to clap while he was shaving, hahahaha!  The wagyu slipped down my throat without even chewing it. There was an earlier dish of from what I remember picked foie gras,  it was amazing.  The escargot in this glorious white sauce came with house made bread, which I used to get any of that remaining sauce from the gnocchi  (so uncouth...I didn't care). The duck was excellently prepared and the  fish ( forgot what kind) was meaty and lovely. The panna cotta was a nice light custard with blueberries and mint which all melded together well. And the local cheese was a winner as well.  I made my reservations on Wed for Fri at 545 for 2. You must experience the food!The emperor's new clothes.  Creative, beautiful dishes, most of which haven't much taste. Pleasant atmosphere, very good service, but simply not worth the cost.  A beautifully wrapped, but ultimately mediocre, gift.  And yes, I do know what I'm talking about, I have eaten many meals in renowned restaurants of all levels all around the world for the past four decades.3 months we've waited to come here and WOW was it worth the wait. The food was impeccable. The service was fabulous. I think Christina was our waitress and the way she described the food and the prep made by the chef you could tell how passionate she was about the dishes and the chefs work.  The gnocchi was to die for!! Chef Nicholas Elmi even came out to chat to ensure that we loved our meal. It was hands down the best restaurant experience ever. We already made reservations for our next dining experience. Worth every penny.Interesting coursed menu.  It wasn't what I was expecting but that is a great thing.  Very interesting spin on traditional and unique dishes.  The duck was amazing. The snails were also delicious.  The wine paring was worth it.
The pricing was comparable to other french restaurants in Philadelphia.  I went on a Thursday so I could get sat within the same month.  Would have been almost two months if I wanted to eat there on the weekend.  Still, the reservation wait is better than other places of the same quality.C'mon, let's get real. Portion size small? Let's try miniscule. If you took the first three courses and smashed them on a plate, you still would not have covered the plate. The peaky toe crab dish was a garnish on the side of the plate. Perhaps I am missing the beauty of the plating, I mean it was lovely, a teeny amount of food, with a decorative schmear of a sauce. But this dinner cost me $80.00!   I would like some food. I am a top chef fan, which is why I went, but I wish the other reviewers had been a little more realistic. I would have never gone, had I known what I know now. The service was great, the place is cute, the chef is friendly, but I can't see this restaurant lasting once all the fans visit. I will never return, nor will anybody that was in my party. I am embarrassed that I was seduced by the hype ,and, to make matters worse, I waited three months! I wish the new chef well, and perhaps there are enough people in this city that will support him. Not me.Was treated there for a dinner for my birthday and loved it.
We had a tasting menu with about 7 different dishes, there was nothing bad in the meal but some of the dishes were outstanding. I would come back again when they have a new menu, definitely a great experience.Been to Laurel twice.  Food is outstanding, atmosphere is really cool: the chef's table is actually outside, which made for a very cool experience.  I had the venison which was a winter menu item and it was truly fantastic.  Tender as a great steak, not gamey at all, just perfectly prepared.  They were exceptionally accommodating (especially considering the tasting menu) of food allergies and dietary restrictions.
My only real complaint is that the tasting menu was more or less the same both times I've been there, but I don't think that's uncommon among restaurants featuring a tasting menu.A decadent masterpiece. That is how I would describe Laurel. 
After months of waiting to secure a reservation, our group of six arrived on a chill Friday evening for the chef tasting. At $75 per person for a 7-course meal, I was excited and ready for a delicious meal. The setting was warm, inviting, and with comfortable high-back chairs, we knew we would be there awhile. And after that evening, I'd love for it to be my second home. 
I asked Laurel to send me the menu ahead of time since one of our guests had a seafood aversion. While I usually love surprises, I was happy to get a sneak peek! 
There were so many highlights of that meal. From the first course of raw tuna delightfully covered in frozen horseradish with a zing of shaved green apple, to the flavorful duck confit that contained texture from the chicken skin and quail egg, everything on the menu was brilliant. The ricotta gnocchi was absolute joy, with the crispy pancetta that kept singing "Amen!" with every bite. That dish was powerful by itself. I thought that would be my favorite, but there was a truffle-crusted pork and braised belly with a pecan pesto accompaniment that really shined. And lastly, the dessert. Caramelized white chocolate pudding topped with more cocoa, puffed grains, and mulberries. Move over, Barbuzzo. Your salted caramel budino may be beat by this chocolate pudding from Laurel. It is now my favorite dessert, since it was light, not overly sweet, but enough to get an all-around-the-table wow! from everyone. (I may have heard some applause in the background, but that could have been the wine talking.)
Chef Elmi is talented, and presented us an impressive meal. Each dish was beautiful, and I was just a tad bit sad that I had to stick my spoon or fork in it. So much color, texture, and personality! The man himself stopped by our table, and we gave so much praise that was well deserved.
This restaurant is truly a gem. Service is impeccable from start to finish, and while you're carrying along a conversation, (wine) glasses are never empty. 
Thank you, Laurel for a wonderful and memorable evening!The whole experience is one that I will never forget. Wonderful atmosphere, the food was most, interesting, delicious, which I have ever eaten, the staff was very hospitable and demonstrated the level of professionalism. You must go here.Spectacular. I could just leave it at that. Reservations are hard to come by. Bookings fill up for this tiny BYO 6 months in advance. You can always add you name to the wait list and pray. Our 7-course meal was a gastronomic adventure. As the menu changes regularly, odds are whatever I had won't be on the menu when you get there. Highlights were a cold melon soup with peekytoe crab, the duck breast and the arctic char. Each dish was a creative, interesting combination of flavors and textures. Everything was nicely plated and presented. Service was attentive with friendly knowledgable servers. Nick (owner and chef) even came out to introduce himself and discuss the meal. This is probably in the top couple of restaurants in the city, and definitely at the top of the BYO list at the moment.Wow. I think I answered "wonderful" when they asked me how each course was. This and Talula's daily have been the tastiest seasonal menus we've had in philly. The food was spectacular. The focus of the menu was seafood. There were several intermediary courses involving sashimi or lightly fried fish, I mean absolutely delectable. The salt aspect was just perfect for these dishes. Does the orange sign outside mean liquor for sure? What a perfect complement to wine, we are glad we could enjoy it as a byob. We loved the variations of green for this time of year. They were extremely accommodating, bringing blackfish which was not on their menu for the two in our party who didn't eat veal or duck. We had the duck and veal, both delicious. The dessert was crunch, sweet, and delicious. We can't wait to go back, the only issue is how hard it is to get a rsvn.It's amazing that this place is BYOB! Makes it much more affordable than other pre fixe menu restaurants that force you to do wine pairings or buy an expensive bottle of wine. Every dish we had was innovative but satisfying. The chef uses a lot of ingredients that you don't normally find in dishes and mixes tastes that you wouldn't think actually goes well together. Cozy ambiance, perfect date spot. Though hard to snag a reservation but put your name down on the wait list! That's how I got my reservation. Service was impeccable and I'd definitely come back for a different seasonal menu.Feeling honored to have been able to sample food from such a culinary genius. I'm not sure how their menu usually works but the night we went the only option was a Prix fix menu.  This is not your standard restaurant and based on what he served I think it would be an injustice to have the menu any other way.  This is truly a dining experience unlike any that I have ever had.  We were a bit early and decided to have a drink in his bar next door.  If you have the opportunity to go in even for just one drink, I highly recommend it.  That is an experience all its own.  Everything is very well done and the staff is top notch.  We told the bartender that we had a reservation next door and he was able to communicate with the restaurant that we were there.  When our table was ready they came and got us.  Everything is very formal and beautiful but completely approachable.  In a place that could be very intimidating they do a great job of taking that away.  I think it's safe to say that almost everything you are served is something that is a bit different from the norm.  They do a great job of explaining what it is and how to eat it.  I was also amazed at the knowledge if the wait staff.  They knew every detail of the dishes.   We also added in the ricotta gnocchi which was truly phenomenal.  I am still dreaming of it.To be honest, I haven't eaten there since last year, but the amazingness of the experience still burning in my memory.  AMAZING food, great, but unpretentious service.  Yes, the portions are small but all in all it was enough food after all of the courses.  The only real weak spot for me was the desserts at times, but I can be a bit boring when it comes to desserts.  For me, my main focus is on the rest of the meal.  Also love that is BYOB.  Takes what could have been a crazy expensive meal and turned it into one that I feel is worth it for even a more minor celebration.. like celebrating you were finally able to get a reservation.I had very high expectations for Laurel and was really ecstatic to get a reservation for my birthday. Six of us got a private table outside which was an amazing experience. The weather looked like it was going to rain, but we took a risk anyway and it turned out to be a great decision. As soon as we sat down, we got our wines opened by the waiter, the food started coming out, and from there I was just in food heaven. Laurel was an incredible life-changing dining experience. Every dish we got from the kitchen was heavenly, and worth every penny that I spent. Every dish was unique, flavorful, and surprising. We also ordered gnocchi with truffles, and Japanese Wagyu beef in between courses. Even though it was a tasting menu, I was so full by the end of the meal. Laurel truly blew me away with their menu and the service they provided during our time there. I hope I can get a reservation soon, because I'm dying to  experience Laurel again!Beautiful decor, wonderful ambiance, fantastic service and amazing food. Where else can you go wrong? I made the reservation 2 months ago and boy was it worth it! We came on a weekday but it was our anniversary so we asked for the tasting menu. They were super nice to accommodate what we wanted and the boyfriend wanted to be knocked off his feet. I would say that he was definitely knocked off his feet rather unexpectedly. To start off, we had the sourdough bread with whipped brown butter. We had 
1. fluke with asian pear and frozen yogurt crumbles - you would think that the fish with pear would be some weird combination BUT the frozen crumbles really pull this dish together. The contrasting textures and mellow flavors of the fluke and the pear makes the dish really good. 
2. torn new jersey scallops, matsu apple, sea lettuce and celery - I didn't know what to think of this dish but the scallops seemed to be tenderized almost like a ceviche which is what made this dish really interesting. another success in our book. 
3. Charred Spanish Mackerel, Crushed Mustard Seed, Jalapeno, Ponzu - this was exemplary. We were really confused at first when we had the mackerel and thought - hm, this was good. But give it a few more seconds and it all hits you like a pound of bricks. The slight spiciness from the mustard seeds and next comes the whammy with the jalapeno seeds. Oh my, when you get a double whammy, you know this gotta be good. 
4. Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi, Pancetta, Sourdough, Garlic - The ricotta gnocchi was not as good as the other dishes honestly but it was still good in my opinion. The texture was a bit off for me but it wasn't that it was bad. 
5. Salted cod with mushrooms and some broth....- So, this dish was also another confusing dish...the cod was a bit too salty but what saved the dish was that ridiculously good broth where we couldn't pinpoint what exactly was good. All we knew was that the flavors of that ridiculously salty fish and the mellow, blandish broth made this dish another great dish. 
6. beef with an onion emulsion and potato terrine - Oh my god, who would have thought that an onion emulsion was good???? I'm not even a fan of onions! When we first had it, we were both confused of what the flavor was until we asked our server and he said it basically was an aerated onion. It all clicked at that point! The potato terrine was also 40 layers - who has time to make a terrine of 40 layers?! Only one of the better chefs. The beef was also oh so tender. This dish was another hit in our book. 
7. Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding, Malt, Puffed Grains - To top everything altogether this dessert was mellow enough that you're left refrshed but not stuffed to the brim. The beautiful contrast of textures is the major highlight in the dish. You have the smooth velvety texture of the pudding with the hard and crunchy puffed grains. Spot on - good call Nick Elmi! 
Overall, we were super impressed with the meal and really glad that this little BYO is packed with some ridic flavors and beautiful food. Did I mention that the service was also great! With a small dining room of 8 tables, it's almost like this place is the little BYO that could! After we came back, we immediately made a reservation for 3 months later.I'm torn.
The service impeccable but not pretentious.  The food was unlike anything I've eaten before.  But it was not my taste.
I've been trying to get a reservation at Laurel for months and was delighted to finally be able to go with a group of 4.  And I was even more delighted that is was a BYOB.  Thanks for fellow yelp-ers who clarified that it is a BYOB  AND they still have a wine and cocktail list.  I was also happy to know before I go that there isn't room to arrive early unless you go next door to the lovely cocktail bar.
I ate things I've never eaten before, like the sea urchin.  I had food prepared in ways I've never had before.  I felt like I pushed my boundaries and tried new things.  Some things I liked and some things I didn't- and I don't fault the restaurant for that.  I don't think I will go back, but its because it was not my personal taste.  The food for some is perfection and there is nothing like it in Philadelphia.Could not have been happier to wxperience the favors from Chef Elmi's kitchen. I had booked my reservation two months in advance (which is necessary) for my birthday.  Fortunately for me it was a holiday weekend and Chef Elmi had a special menu prepared.  The black truffle risotto which Chef shaved himself was insanely good.  Wait staff was knowledgeable and very helpful. As time warranted Chef came out from the kitchen and talk to all the tables about the experience.  I look forward  to the next time I experience the favors from Philadelphia's Top ChefWent with a friend intending it for restaurant week but only to find that it was specific to an earlier time. Albeit a bit disappointed, we still had a delicious meal. BYO, ordered the gnocchi to share as well as the dessert (this custard-y thing). I had the berkshire pork (most pieces were so soft and melted in my mouth but there was one piece or two, perhaps the shoulder, that was more tough) while my friend had the sear ocean trout (very tender! and there's snail!). Bill came down to less than $50 per person including tax and tip. Not too bad! Chef Elmi also came by to say hi. The place isn't spacious but cozy. The chairs are comfy too...Got to meet the man Nick Elmi himself.  Love the tiny space.  They have big chairs and big tables so the place feels intimate and not crowded.  Unlike some of the smaller restaurants where I feel like they are trying to fit as many diners as possible, the space had a cool ease about it.  So let's get to the food....first of all its byob which I love.  We ordered one and then 2 orders of the albacore tuna dish because it was so good.  Its served with this horseradish emulsion (not sure thats the right word) and yogurt sauce and the play on textures and flavors is truly a party for your mouth.  My boyfriend described the gnocchi  as pillows in your mouth.  Truly you want to pile these things up and take a nap in Elmi's restaurant while he cooks for you...I digress.  I also had the roasted Walu served with a foam (not exactly sure what was in it, don't care) and this was absolutely excellent.  
This is Philadelphia dining at its best.  I heart.This is one of the best meals I've ever had. We had the tasting menu on Friday night and it was simply amazing. The Mackerel - now I understand the expression, Holy Mackerel, it was fantastic!  The service was just impeccable as was the food. Everything about the entire experience was wonderful. It is one of the few places where you get to experience exceptional food without the pop and circumstance. I would go back again and again if it wasn't so hard to get a reservation.This place doesn't need another 5 star review - but it deserves it!
Do yourself a favor and fight for a res for the weekend tasting menu.
It is the best meal I have had in Philly!A true gem of a place.    Wonderful staff fantastic food.   It doesn't get any betterIm not even sure where ego begin.  All I can say is GET A RESERVATION NOW! i really wish I had documented our entire meal but I was so busy scarfing my food down that I honestly cannot remember everything.  I do remember leaving full and totally satisfied, not only with the food but also the service and being proud of Nick for accomplishing his dreams.  Kudos buddy!i am not going to describe every course        i am not going to post photos of every course     very simple     if you enjoy inventive food    make a reservation    we waited six months     we enjoyed 8 courses    btw    their standard 7 course meal at 90 some dollars is a steal    also   while they have a liquor license    they still permit byo   with no corkage fee    a great savings    bring great wine   we brought a sine qua non white blend and an aubert chard and a quilceda creek cab and an arietta blend     all spectacular and offer the two sommeliers   a taste   they will appreciate it    sad that the tables around us had mostly inexpensive wine that would not match the food   phila needs some growing up   wine wise  the food is spectacular    i do not know of a better restaurant in the city    the service was without peer    just wonderful      not the type of food to eat every week    but we will be there twice a year    a triumph   congrats    would be interesting to see some NYC type people eat here   parking a little bit of a pain    but valet is down the street    just go     enjoyIf I were just rating the food I would give this restaurant 5 stars. The food was outstanding and I especially recommend the gnocchi and the white chocolate pudding for dessert. My main complaint was the service. We were the first dinner seating of the night and it was evident from the moment we sat down that they needed us to hurry through our meal to make sure that our table would be ready for the later seating. The waiter brought us our check and our coats while we were still eating dessert and had full glasses of wine to finish. That is my only complaint. We couldn't really enjoy to the max because they basically told us that we needed to leave. Otherwise....food was excellent and Nicholas came over to each table and very kindly spoke with each of us.Amazing. This isn't food, it's art, both across the diner's palate and on the plate. 
The tuna is, frankly perfect. The raw scallop was restrained, as his reputation would lead one to expect, but in no way less enjoyable for that restraint, especially as a first course. 
The mushroom broth, both when it was originally the Meyer lemon broth and recently with the sweeter shrimp-pumpkin switchover, was delicious. I have a personal preference for the acidity of the lemon over the sweetness of the current version, but both broths were superb. The gnocchi...there's no point in expounding upon other reviews, but I'll confirm its reputation, saving the fact that I have to carefully scrape off the tiny pancetta pieces (which my SO and most of humanity enjoy) just to get a scrap of sexplosiony velvet flavor...worth the work, however, and then some. 
As someone else mentioned, there are an abundance of fish options, which thrills me to no end. I'm generally limited by too many red meat or pork options on a fine dining menu but Laurel held no such limitations. Both the trout and Walu were cooked to perfection, with strong sauces and subtle side components either speaking for themselves or mingling harmoniously together in the combined bite. The trout probably wins out for me because I like the side components better. 
I'm a dessert fiend, so forgive me. The first time, I was disappointed with the lemon dessert, not because there was anything technically wrong with it but because I like my lemony things to be tart; this was more of a muted lemon zest flavor lacking acidic punch. (The chicory crumble was interesting.) So, the second visit, the extremely tart accents of fruit dabbled on the side of the white chocolate pudding were an unexpectedly welcome zing to counterbalance the deluxe richness of the pudding. The chocolate crumble was a salty counterbalance to the sweet and tart. So, depending on your tastes, you may or may not fall in love with the desserts, but they are textural genius, and texture is a too-often-overlooked component of dessert.  I'm definitely recommending the chocolate pudding, and I'll skip the lemon dessert in the future.
Overall, I went back after the first visit for the tuna and mushroom dishes, but I'll return a third time for the tuna, gnocchi, AND the white chocolate dessert. 
In final summary, to anyone reading this review and trying to decide whether or not it's worth the wait, let me urge you NOT to visit Laurel -- because I'd like to get a table again sometime this century.This post is about a meal I had for a special occasion a little while ago. Obviously, the tasting menu was fantastic. My table mates had preferences which did affect the menu and the chef made special dishes just for them. the multiple courses were not too filling to make use need to undo the buttons on our pants but also not so light as to require a cheesesteak or visit to bing bing after the meal. The food was carefully plated, meticulously prepared, and pleasantly varied. I highly recommend you make reservations in advance as they have limited seating and availability. Dates, anniversaries, or special occasions are all likely to be huge hits should you pick this place for your meal.Amazing dining experience. One of the best tasting menus in Philly. Absolutely do the wine pairings! Friendly staff and excellent food.The place is amazing. It's super hoity-toity but not to the point where you don't know what you're eating and dishes are served on things other than plates. It's not like that. In fact, I think it has a more welcoming atmosphere than similar nearby places like Le Virtu and Townsend (sp?). 
I'm pretty sure it's six or seven course, chef's tasting only. The food is truly impeccable. Service is top notch. Atmosphere hits the sweet spot, where you can both see and hear your dining partners but are not eating in silence while under spotlights. 
Reservations are hard to get so book weeks in advance. Months if it's for a holiday like Valentine's Day. 
This is the kind of place where we need yelp to allow more stars.This is a truly special restaurant. May be difficult to get a reservation since it is so small but worth the trouble! Bring a special bottle of wine since the great dishes deserve it. The chef deserves accolades and the menu shows it. Service was excellent and the pace was wonderful! We cannot wait to go back!Laurel is tiny inside. It only seats 22 people at a time but you do not feel cramp or squished in there. My two roommates and I went and made the reservation before Nick Elmi won Top Chef. The lighting is really cool and I just love the feel of the place. The service was great. Our reservation was for 9PM on a Wednesday night (literally that was all they had and I had booked it a month in advance which is nothing compared to now I guess) and our table was not quite ready. The hostess offered us wine to hold us over which was nice. We literally only had to wait maybe 10 extra minutes so it wasn't a big deal at all. The food was wonderful and creative and just looked so pretty. Towards the end Chef Nick Elmi came out and chatted with each table. He was very personable and is just as adorable as he was on Top Chef.Color me impressed. Sure I had to wait 90 days for a 10:30pm res but I'm so glad I was able to eat this food. 
So smart and refined. The progression of the dishes from cold to hot were all full of flavor and well-apportioned technique. My bougie self enjoyed every bite. Unfortunately I ate here in, I believe, June, 2014, so I can't remember exactly every detail but generally they knocked off my socks. Though, I have to ask- were you guys ever going to call me as promised?  At 10:30 they were 45 minutes behind schedule and I only ate that night because I went back after 50 minutes of waiting. I didn't wait 90 days not to eat a fantastic meal. But thank you nevertheless.The rumor is that the back kitchen is fabulous but the customer service is the worst I've ever seen.  After waiting months for a reservation, and arriving 10 min early, was left outside to wait for 45 mins while 3 other parties were seated. Finally we requested our wine be returned and ate 2 doors away and had a great experience. Major disappointment!!!!5/5. Round 2 was just as good as the first. Nick made several appearances at our table to ensure that everything was perfect. The "surprise" menu kept our interest and the food was supreme!When Laurel first burst onto the Philadelphia food scene in 2013, its global, intricate, and beautifully plated dishes (prepared by Top Chef victor Nicholas Elmi) became the talk of the town. 
While many fine dining establishments come to rely on certain menu mainstays and customer favorites, the culinary team at Laurel has remained committed to testing the boundaries, trying new techniques and pulling from new sources of inspiration - which was evident in the near-perfect menu. Our favorites included the the green farro and black garlic with citrus notes, the truffle-infused, perfectly cooked Dover sole, and the braised and roasted venison - which was not gamey at all(!). Laurel had two additional specials that night, a truffle risotto and a wagyu beef - we sprung for the wagyu beef and relished every silky, savory bite. Elmi also made an effort to visit every table, and he was kind enough to take the time to explain how he managed to get the truffles inside the sole (culinary magic!).
I do think that Elmi's strength lies in the elevation of more hearty comfort dishes, as evidenced by the strength of the farro and venison dishes. The raw dishes were not quite as good - the Spanish mackerel had such an overpoweringly fishy flavor, it completely overwhelmed the delicacy of the accompanying chow chow gele and sea lettuce. The service was also a bit rushed and robotic at the beginning of the meal to the point that we had to read the menu to figure out what we had just been served, though towards the end, as the dining room emptied, our waitress became much friendlier. 
Four years after opening, it is still near-impossible to score a table at Laurel - and it's easy to understand why. Despite minor hiccups during our meal, Laurel truly is a very special experience. The menu is full of interesting flavors in unexpected combinations, each plate is a visual and culinary treat, and the intimate space of Laurel really allows the diner to fully enjoy the experience.
Fun fact: Laurel is no longer Laurel BYOB (though they do still let you bring your own bottle). With ITV right next door, there's now the option to enjoy cocktails, wine, or even a wine pairing with your meal!Excellent, unique, gourmet cuisine.
The idea of serving chicken skin crackers topped with caviar blew me away.
Everything was delicious, and the service was phenomenal.  Not much else to say, because they didn't do anything wrong - except make it so hard to get a reservation!Best restaurant in Passyunk (maybe even in the city). They actually just got 4 Bells so that says something. The price is up there so it's a place for special occasions where you need to reserve a table months in advance. They had gnocchi on special (I believe it was an extra $55), but it's absolutely something you should splurge on as it was to die for.We loved our visit to Laurel. I am a vegetarian and am always worried about going to French restaurants. The staff were amazing and were so accommodating to my needs. 
The gnocchi was the most delicious I have ever had. I read a review before going that was saying they are
Horrible but that is not the truth. The dessert was also so delicious. 
Highly recommend this for a nice date night. Just make sure you make a reservation months ahead. If you like them on Facebook you can maybe catch a cancelled reservation.Beautiful, perfect food. 
If it's warm, gather up a big party and sit in the yard out back. A unique, special experience that's kind of uniquely Philadelphia.
Don't go in here looking for bold "New American" flavours. They're not trying to "blow your mind," they're just perfectly executing exquisite food. Oh, and bring your beautiful food wines with you. Splurge. Make it a magical evening. The friendly, capable staff is there to help you do just that.If I could describe this place in one word, it would be BOUGIE.  
Let's just put it this way: the couple next to us discussed wine decanting for like their whole meal and I only know this cause I was millimeters away from their table.  Here's a fun drinking game: try not eavesdropping on conversations and when you eventually do (and you will), take a swig of wine.  You'll be loaded.  Simply put, it's INTIMATE, foodie speak for TINY. 
Came here for my birthday and the meal was, from start to finish, pretty damn impeccable as far as incredibly unique, refined tastes and spot-on presentation goes.  Don't come here if you're someone who likes places advertising the words "all you can eat" or "shrimp extravaganza" or "if you can finish this burger, you'll get a t-shirt."  I am one of these people.  And while I wasn't in my usual (preferable) roll-me-out-the-door food coma, I was still quite satisfied and comfortably full in a normal, healthy way.  Keep in mind we brought cheap, pink pomegranate prosecco to pair with our meal, so we aren't exactly Laurel's target audience.
I'd like to note that the dinnerware and utensils were adorable in that they were either comically small, comically large or made me ask the question, "okay, so what do I do with this?  Do I like, scoop it?"  
So to get the full spectrum of flavors/components of each dish here, you must go in balls-deep, so to speak. If you don't get a spoon/forkful of all the elements in one bite, you're not picking up what the chef is putting down, nahh mean?  After what I can only describe as an off-putting beet cotton candy puff as the pre-dinner teaser, I made the mistake of pussy-footing around each dish.  Do not do this.  Just dive in.
Here's my take on the $85 per person chef-tasting menu, in layman's terms:
"THIS IS F***IN AMAZING":
-Snails & mushrooms in a mystery cheesy sauce and topped with what tasted and looked like turkey bacon- it was delectably creamy and addicting with just the right amount of crunch, served with warm bread and homemade butter....THAT BUTTER THO...salty and sweet heaven.  I could eat it like yogurt.
-Icelandic cod in another mystery sauce, perfectly cooked- literally the best morsel of fish I've ever had the privilege of putting in my mouth and I shit you not, I felt like I was getting kinda emotional.  
-Kobe Beef (at a whopping $50 upcharge)- served on the rare side, it was THE most tender, amazing piece of beef I'll ever get to eat in my lifetime.  Again, felt like I wanted to cry.  Substantial and filling and totally worth the upcharge.  No, really. BF opted for the 40-hour braised pork cheek and he also said it was the best piece of meat he's ever tasted.
-Savory cow's milk cheese dessert with tart crabapple- choose this if you really love strong, sharp cheese and an adorable apple to compliment it perfectly.
"HMM, PRETTY TASTY":
-Fancy fish in horseradish snow (definitely unique but too horseradishey IMHO), foie gras in pear/granola (some bites were like "oh wow!" and others tasted like wet sawdust), jersey scallop with fried chicken bits on top (super tasty but no different than Ippolito's $2 scallops TBH)
"WHY THO?":
-Pre-meal "finger food" (carrot and other mystery vegetable and beet cotton candy puff- mehh), sweet potato cake dessert (not bad, per se, but still kind of savory for being their 'sweet' dessert and the density just didn't strike my fancy).
The meal ended with two minuscule ceramic pots containing white chocolate/cherry pudding crack.  OMG.  The check came out on a palm-sized clipboard.  Adorable all around.
Overall, the chef definitely had an odd obsession with adding a mystery crunch element to each dish which, while fun on the tongue, started to become kind of one note after a while.  Some dishes obviously reigned supreme over others.  Some were good but not great, and at these prices, everything should be great.  Service was spectacular- they knew when to interject, when to take away dishes, how to describe dishes- sometimes cloyingly sweet, but hey, at least they weren't snobby or pretentious.  My only complaint in this area is that the server offered to take the coats from the couple next to us, but we weren't offered.  Nitpicky, I know, but the place is so cramped, it would be a nice gesture so I didn't have to struggle to take it off without elbowing someone else.
We didn't get the alleged knockout gnocchi for a $40 upcharge (which I really am not losing sleep over), so the grand total for 2 people including tax and tip at a BYOB was $300.  Is it worth it?  Let me work it.  For a special occasion, yes.  You're paying for the experience.  But will I return and tell all my friends to empty their checking accounts? Probably not.  A great one-and-done deal.I am no foodie but I know good food when I eat it. Each dish that was served (fluke, tuna, gnocchi, truffle risotto, duck, catfish, duck, dessert) genuinely tasted good and left me satisfied and excited about the next dish. The hype around this place is warranted and I will definitely be back.Had to book reservation about 2 months in advance, but it was worth it. I had the gnocchi, which was very very good. It wasn't the doughy kind I'm used to but much more of a fluffy cheese/dough combo.  I also sampled the duck liver with cocoa powder- again like nothing I have ever tasted before in a very, very good way.
It's awesome that it's BYOB and I think Nick (Top Chef winner 2013) makes it a point to come out to each table at least once during the meal. He brought our table our dessert!I was nervous that the dining experience wouldn't live up to the hype, and the 3-month long wait once I made my reservation, but it most certainly did! Laurel was probably the best meal I've ever had. We dined in February 2015, and between myself and my 2 cousins, we ordered one of everything on the menu. We were each able to sample and try every dish, and one was better than the next. The special that day was mudroom risotto with freshly shaved truffles, and the chef himself came out and shaved the truffle table-side. He also came out at the end of the meal to speak with us and make sure our dinner was enjoyable (being a HUGE Top Chef fan, this was the highlight for me - next to the duck confit cassoulet. An absolutely amazing experience from start to finish! Nice job, Nick!*****UPDATED REVIEW*****
We went back and service/food was beyond incredible. We had a party of 12 and each dish of the custom made menu was on point. Service was also superb. New favorite restaurant in Philly!!! Give it a try, you won't be a disappointed!
*****
SYNOPSIS: For the price, Laurel lacks creativity and fails to achieve the same culinary punch as the chef once had at Le Bec Fin. If you are looking for fine dining French that will deliver consistently solid dishes without any duds, I would recomme
To begin, it took the waitress about 15 minutes to come over to our table and ask what we would like to drink. We ordered wine, but it took us ~27 minutes (I timed it) to get our wine after we had ordered it. By that time, we had already finished a mouse and our first course. Our waitress was also rather gauche and 
The first course was Raw Spanish Mackerel with a green spice and thin crispy chip that contained the only flavor on this otherwise bland dish. However, it was not just the lack of flavor that made this dish unspectacular: rather, one piece of the Mackerel itself tasted fishy while the other piece, though not fishy, had either been cut improperly or was just unbearably sinewy. 
The second course was the hand torn scallops served over some sort of white French mother sauce and accompanied by assorted vegetables. This dish was pretty good in terms of the actual flavor profiles, textures, and the scallops themselves were absolutely  delectable. For me, the problem is that the scallop should have been the hero on the plate -- however, it was torn to shreds quite literally to the point where each remnant of what used to be a scallop was too small and allowed the other components of the dish to overwhelm it. 
The third course of snails was by far the most creative in my mind. The snails were served in a diaphanous white foam -- quite  literally submerged in it as taking a bath. To contrast the overall soft texture of the dish, it came with a delicious preserved chip that provided the right texture and flavor contrast to give the dish a memorable burst. No complaints here! 
Next, we had ordered the ricotta gnocchi for $55 more (which is supposedly what they are known for). As both an Italian citizen and someone who has worked in the kitchen at a fine dining Italian restaurant, this dish was quite simply poorly executed. I will give them credit for the house made gnocchi themselves which were delectably light but that would, unfortunately, not be enough to salvage this dish from the heavy hand of the chef. The white cheese sauce was just far too powerful for this dish (or any for that matter) with an acidic aftertaste that easily overwhelmed the thinly shaved truffles  --- in fact, you could barely taste any truffles in the dish as a result of the sauce!! If it were a plate in the tasting menu, I would have been disappointed. At $55 more-a-pop, it felt like a ripoff. 
For the fifth course, it was an Arctic char in a Bechemal sauce with an almond butter and crispy chips. While I am not a fan of Arctic char, the dish is sure to please those who like it as my girlfriend was a big fan. Even I could appreciate the flavor combinations here which were unique and complemented the fish nicely. 
For the sixth course came the Chicken. The chicken was excellent. It is hard to WOW with chicken but theirs was cooked impeccably and served with a natural jous that gave it the flavor it often lacks in other restaurants and when we cook it at home. 
As the final course, we were served the venison which was good but not great. While cooked properly, it simply lacked flavor. Perhaps the sauce it came with would have made it better, but I would not know there was only a tiny drop of it on the plate, barely enough to wet your tongue. 
No matter, we ordered the wagyu beef for an additional $55 that came out with this course. This was the highlight of the meal in my opinion. I have had real Kobe and Wagyu at many places -- this chef, unlike many, did it justice. The wagyu was cooked to perfection with an amazing, crispy sear on the outside while preserving the juices and rareness of the inside. Think of very well done "Pittsburgh rare" without any discernible burnt flavor on the outside. 
The deserts provided an underwhelming finish to the meal. There were several small bites. One was an lemon ice cream which was for too citrusy for my liking and another a chocolate mousse with caramel which was too sweet to take more than a lick before setting it aside. In addition, they brought out marshmallows and toasted them in front of us for a few second as if that would make an underwhelming marshmallow delicious --- it does not. 
All in all, we did damage of ~$400. For that price, we should have had the meal of our lives. Unfortunately, this is not even in the top 5 meals I have had in Philadelphia. 
For the price, you are better doing the tasting menu at Lacroix for $105 a person or perhaps even Vetri for $155 a perI checked Laurel out while in town for business and the hype is not unfounded. This place is amazing enough to make me consider relocating my office to my company's office in the area! 
Laurel is different as it only(as far as I can tell) offers a seven course tasting menu to guests. Also, this was not a spontaneous visit. Definitely make reservations well in advance.We went to Laurel last week, I was blown away by the ingredient quality and execution. There are very few restaurants in the Philadelphia area at this level, Vetri comes to mind. 
When you go, I highly recommend getting the gnocchi and wagyu beef additions. I've been very disappointed by wagyu beef in the past, but the beef at Laurel was the real deal. 
The service was attentive, and our server was pretty knowledgable, but it was not to the level I would expect considering the price tag. I'm ok with really good food in a bare bones setting, but the service execution should match the quality of the meal.Creative and delicious! Great service. Such a memorable experience. I do have to say this place might not be friendly if you dine in solo. Customers near me actually stared and discussed audibly about it.My wife and I went to Laurel last night for the first time.  All I can say is that it completely exceeded our expectations and more.  To start, a glass of champagne arrived to celebrate our anniversary.  What followed was multiple courses of food never tasted before but that tasted soooooo good.  Tuna with fermented white asparagus and sea urchin with sunflower truffle vinaigrette got us started, but once the octopus and venison arrived, we were in heaven.  All topped with a dazzling array of desserts.  The service was incredibly quick and full of energy and with great knowledge of what was being served, the chefs did a wonderful job (especially that Alex B dude!), and Chef Nick came out to talk to us for a little bit.  What a great experience!  We will be back and back.  Keep it up!Phenomenal. Highlights included the duck and a potato snail ragu. Service was on point. They now have a full wine list but BYO makes the experience "relatively" reasonable. Cannot say enough good things. Find a special occasion or any excuse and head to Laurel immediately.We're coming from a perspective of previously very satisfied Laurel diners, having found it pricey but well worth it in our past four previous visits.
The newest prix fixe menu, however, is not great, at least not for our palettes.  High points were the Kobe beef and the gnocchi with truffles, both of which were wonderful...but were also both $50 add-ons.  The scallops, snails and the final tiny custard were good.  The amuse bouche of beet meringue, carrot and radish was also ok, but also extremely tiny.  The foie gras was....very little, at least not much that I could taste, and I'm a bit of a foie gras fanatic.
In between these high/ok courses, however, were the low points:  raw/undercooked courses, any *one* of which would have been fine....but not all together in one meal.  The raw oyster with caviar, the frozen raw yellowtail/horseradish and the horrendously undercooked cod all combined to make our stomachs rumble, and not in a good way.  We love raw sushi and sashimi, but a hockey puck of translucent, undercooked cod is not a good thing:  not sure what this award-winning chef was thinking when he set the cooking time on that one.
After all this raw/undercooked seafood, the pork cheek promised a welcome cooked course....but it turned out to be gamey and far from a high-quality dish in our opinion.  Two of us had tried pork cheek on occasion elsewhere and liked it, but this one was not good.
Perhaps our tastes are not refined enough for this more exotic menu, but in our opinion this was not a good combination of tastes/types of dishes, and the only things we truly liked were add-ons, not even part of the normal menu.
Price-wise, the whole thing was $400+ for four people...and that was at a BYOB, and with tiny, tiny dishes.  That's perfectly fine for amazing food, but this was far, *far* from amazing.
Laurel is a great spot with a wonderful ambiance, a talented chef and a great staff, and what used to be a remarkable menu.  We're hoping that this is but a brief dalliance with unfortunate dish choices that have gone too far to the experimental.  In our opinion, they should return to their roots and go back to the old Laurel that we knew and loved.....and we want the last three hours and about $200 back.  ;-)This is absolutely one of the top restaurants in Philadelphia, and personally one of the best I've ever been to previously. The atmosphere is relaxed, small, great music, and excellent service. The chef even brings out some of the courses. As for the food, I'm not sure we have ever had those tastes before, simply amazing. Our favorites were the scallops, burgundy snails (UNREAL flavor), green farro dish, the black truffle gnocchi (extra money but SO worth it) and the desserts were not only delicious, but very creative. All I can say is this is a dining experience that is not very popular in the city of Philadelphia, and the price is well worth it. Most Michelin-star quality restaurants are much more pricey, and to me Laurel was right up there with those quality restaurants found in NYC, Chicago, etc. Thank you so much and we will definitely be returning!Thoroughly enjoyed the 7 course tasting menu.  Service is impeccable.  2 courses ranked as some of the best I've ever had.  Smoked Artic Char with horseradish and the mousse dessert.  Gnocchi is a must for Someone at you table to order!.WOW !!!! This is a place where every dish is crafted with exceptional creativity and care. No detail is overlooked. Every dish here is among the best I have tasted anywhere. Personally,  the foie gra terrine with cacao,  blood orange and candied celery root enlightened me to think of the incredible possibilities of unlikely pairings. Genius. BYOB,  so you can splurge on a great bottle to compliment your incredible meal. Can not wait to go back again next time I am in Philly.Wow! For just opening, this place seems to be running perfectly. The service was impeccable. The food was fantastic. We had the sheepshead fish that has a crispy skin. YUM!! The gnocchi and the white chocolate pudding will also blow your socks off. I hope this guy wins Top Chef because he deserves it!Well to start I had to make a reservation 2 months in advance and it took me couple hours to get thru and it was the last available for 2 at 5:30. So of course we were looking forward to this dining experience. And the Laurel didn't disappoint.
Its a very intimate setting that feels like one of your culinary friends invited you over for dinner.
The service is very hands on but not intrusive. They do ask you for restrictions and allergies and we don't eat pork, so they had to adjust just one dish for this week's menu for us.
It helps that you can bring a bottle of wine too.
This week's menu 7 course was:
1st
East Coast Sea Urchin, Green Tomato, Cucumber, Ponzu - very refreshing especially on a hot day, servers explain each dish as they bring it over to your table and you can ask questions and discuss with them after you try it.
2nd
Cocoa Cured Foie Gras, Rhubarb, Black Walnut, Strawberry - when you look at the dish it seems very dry but in fact the strawberries compliment the Foie Gras very well to make the dish a mouthwatering delight.
3rd
Wild Burgundy Snails, Mushroom, Roasted and Pickled Spring Onion, Potato Espuma and Chip - comforting emulsion like dish and a chip is delicious too.
4th
Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi, Pancetta, Stinging Nettle, Sourdough - well a lot said about this dish, that's where they substitute a pancetta for bread crumbs for us, still superb dish.
5th
North Carolina Walu, Unripe Apricot, Chanterelle, Swiss Chard, Seaweed Butter - one of the best fishes we tried, very crispy on outside, delicious. 
6th
Roasted Peking Duck, Garlic Scape, Sea Beans, Coffee, Ver Jus - great dish, little unusual duck presentation, but the sauce is sweet and compliments the duck very well.
7th
Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding, Almond Streusel, Rice Pearls, Cherry - that's the least favorite of us, either we were full but it tasted like a peanut butter with a granola, but still very interesting presentation and innovative dish.
Outstanding dining experience and we will be back, their menu is changing every week.I finally made it to Laurel the other night and it exceeded my expectations. Service was perfect: personable and friendly yet professional and knowledgeable. To start I had the torn scallops which were bright & refreshing.  I sampled the albacore tuna which I actually preferred over the scallops.  Next up were the gnocchi. WOW, absolute BEST gnocchi I've ever had, hands down (actually, one of the best things that I've ever eaten overall).  They were so good that I tried to eat them as slowly as possible to prolong the deliciousness.  They were pillowy perfection.  For the 3rd course I chose the beef (brought to the table by Chef Nick Elmi himself!) and it too was delicious.  For dessert I had the white chocolate pudding which was described by our server as kind of a play on cereal & milk.  Well, it was the tastiest "cereal" I've ever had.  It too was a dish that I ate as slowly as possible, savoring each bite.  When dinner was over, my friend pretty much summed it up when she said "I'm sad it's over!".  We were only half joking when we said we wanted to order more gnocchi.
I'm glad I made that reservation when I did since Laurel is pretty well booked up months into the future.  Don't let that discourage you though.  Make that reservation & count the days till you get to go to Laurel and eat the best gnocchi of your life.I'm at a loss for words! Our meal was nothing short of spectacular. Chef Elmi has outdone himself with the menu and shows true culinary range in what he's able to produce. 
The ambiance is romantic and intimate. We watched each table marvel at their dishes as they presented- and even more so when they tasted them. 
Our servers were knowledgable and showed amazing fine dining hospitality. 
Every dish was simply a delight and we were impressed dish after dish. 
Our gnocchi was nothing like I've ever tasted before and had us scraping the bowl clean. 
We can only hope to experience Chef Elmi's food again- sooner than later.I adored everything about this meal. The Walu was my favorite dish followed closely by the desserts. Chef came around to each table to see how everything was and all I could say is "It was brilliant". It's one of those meals where you leave feeling happy and content.Laurel is amazing. The customer service I think is beyond. I wanted to try as many Top Chef places possible and I know that Chef Elmi just won Top Chef and since I wasn't able to make reservations ahead of time (didn't really think through the places I wanted to eat except Volt), I decided to take my changes to tweet at the restaurant and Chef Elmi.  He responded and was able to fit me in at the last seating (9pm!). I felt so lucky. He also came out to every table - or he tried to at the end of every meal delivering the dessert himself. I thought it was a great touch for the restaurant. 
The food - heavenly. 
Bread with Rum Butter: I swear the butter is addicting. Definitely asked for more bread to be able to have more butter. I probably wouldn't have eaten it itself, but definitely delicious with the bread. 
Crab - Probably the least memorable dish on the dinner. Cold soup with some crab, not the best, but not bad either. 
Gnocchi - so delicious. I just had the night before at Ela, but this was so good. Light and bacon and just couldn't be any better. I wish there was about 10x more. 
Beef - If I remember correctly, it came with mashed potatoes that were heavenly. The dish was overall amazing. Beef cooked to perfection. Sauce amazing. Overall I just had an amazing dish that I couldn't believe! 
Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding - Not the best dessert, I wish there was some chocolate cake or something, but pretty good. I enjoyed the puffs that were on top. Creative, but not what I was expecting. 
I will definitely have to make reservations next time I'm in Philadelphia. Or just tweet the chef and hope for the best!So I've had Nick Elmi on my radar for a little while now. I think I first tasted his food at a competition in 2012 called Hop Chef and then I ate at Rittenhouse Tavern a couple of times. Then Rittenhouse closed and I didn't hear about Nick until he was on Top Chef. While I watched him compete on Top Chef I couldn't help but remember my previous experiences with his food and agree with what I was seeing on the show. Namely that he was super technically talented and creative but his food was sometimes more complex and technical than amazingly flavorful.. and yes I remember thinking that he had his seasoning off a bit too.
My meal at Laurel last night was nothing like that. Well, it was highly technical, but Flavorful? Definitely. Seasoned? Um I don't know what I was thinking before. Maybe Nick was handcuffed while at Rittenhouse and couldn't cook what he wanted. I have no idea. Clearly this guy can cook. 
My friends and I ate on a Saturday which has no a la carte options and just a tasting menu for $75pp. Personally, in a situation like this when I really want to see what a chef can cook, I like the tasting menu. I like knowing that it's what he or she wants to present me. 
So we sat down pretty much on time and the place, although really small, felt very comfortable and spacious. The chairs were comfy and the table wasn't too crowded at all. Alice, our server took all of our wine and we let her decide what to open when and she did a great job matching our drink with the courses as they came out.
The service overall was really attentive the whole meal and we were always made to feel welcome by everyone that we interacted with. As an early example, two of our party had food issues. One was a pescatarian and another had a dairy issue. We had let the restaurant know in advance about the dairy but forgot to tell them about the non meat eater (totally my fault). They were able to accommodate with no problem at all. But it wasn't that they were able to accommodate something like that on the fly it was that they did it with a smile and made us feel like "no big deal, we got you.. Just sit back and enjoy the night". Our service (and later on Nick himself) really proved that throughout the night.
To start we got some amazing house made brown butter and some sourdough bread to go with it. I'm kind of weird in that I feel if a restaurant doesn't care enough to make the bread and butter work well then they don't care about the details and for the most part this has proven true. The bread and butter last night ruled.
Food : Everything was really, really good. There was no time when we were like "Oh, this was amazing but the last course wasn't in the same ballpark". The entire meal was very well done and perfectly portioned and it progressed nicely. Another thing that I found really exceptional was that each course came at just the right time. We never felt rushed and we never were wondering when the next course was coming. I've said this before: service makes the meal. And that was reinforced last night. 
I don't have much space so I'm not going to get into detail on the courses or all the details and the little flourishes and ingredients but I will say that nothing was on the plate that didn't seem to belong there and everything on each dish completed the other things on the dish to make each one really balanced.
Of the entire 8 courses (amuse bouche included), three really made me happy : 
My #3 was this cool crab dish with a melon yuzu sauce of some kind. They poured it at the table. What ended up happening was a kind of cold soup course but it was much more than that. 
My #2 was the gnocchi that I think is a copy of the one Elmi used in Top Chef. This was our tables favorite and it was a close second for me. The texture of the pasta was amazing and the flavor of the sauce was really excellent. 
And my favorite was this Arctic Char. Mostly because of the technical excellence in the way it was cooked. The skin was crispy and the fish was perfectly cooked. Super flavorful.
Overall a really excellent meal (and I've had my share of good food) and really fairly priced at $75.
So, one last thing. Going back to the duck course... One of us had never eaten duck so she was going pretty slowly in comparison to all of us (who had cleared our plates pretty quickly). It was at this point that Nick came over and said hello and before any of us could reply he looked at our friend and said "was the duck ok for you? Should I cook something else for you?" And he wasn't just saying that, he was completely serious. She didn't test him on it and instead asked for a photo (she's a big fan) and with no hesitation Nick came over to her and posed. Such a gracious host and nice guy. It was clear he really enjoyed making people happy with food and wasn't just in it for the money or fame or whatever. He just appears to love to cook and I hope he does it just like this for a long long time.Had our second experience here last week.  This one was as terrific as the first.  We were a party of 6 the first time and 5 this time.   We were welcomed back as if they truly remembered us and were happy to have us return.  The service was impeccable and every dish was excellent.  Starting with the bread...hearty crust, fluffy inside.  We had the sunchokes and tuna to start, the lamb, beef, cassoulet, and both fishes to follow, and closed with the cheese plate, white chocolate pudding, and semifreddo.   And, in a class by itself, the gnocchi which is truly heavenly.   A friend told us this would become a favorite place...and it has.  We have reservations in December and cannot wait.I dined at Laurel some time ago (in April), so I won't go into the details of the meal.
All I'd like to say is that my dinner there - with 3 other guests and each of us ordering 3-4 dishes and a dessert - was the best meal I've had in Philly in a very long time. It rivaled the meals I've had at my favorite, non-BYO, French restaurant who shall not be named...and all for under $80 per person.
I will go back as soon as I can plan months ahead and get a reservation.
If you are lucky enough to have the chance to dine at Laurel do not pass it up. You will not be disappointed.I am not even sure where to begin with the experience that is Laurel.  I had wanted to go and visit since Laurel opened, before it was even announced that Chef Nicholas Elmi was the winner of Top Chef.  What a mistake it was not to get that reservation at that time.  Once he was announced, it was near impossible to get in.  I follow Laurel on Twitter.  Laurel tweets when they have a cancellation and I luckily was able to secure one of those cancelled reservations on a Saturday night!  Upon arriving we were greeted happily and seated immediately and our coats were taken and stored away.  Laurel is a small spot with only 22 seats, but boy oh boy are those seats wonderfully comfortable and the tables were beautiful.  I was surprised to find out later that Chef Elmi and his partner had crafted these themselves!  Our server AZ greeted us with a smiling face and a wealth of knowledge about the menu offerings.  Although it is small inside, you really didn't feel crowded or uncomfortable, or that there was any issue with the servers navigating their way around.  I have been on a type of mission to go outside my comfort zone with the types of foods that I am eating, trying things that in the past, I would not have tried.  The meal started with just warm enough sourdough bread from Metropolitan bakery and horseradish butter made in the restaurant, delicious!  I had the mache lettuce 1st course and my husband had the torn New Jersey scallop, both so very delicious.  Anyone that knows me, knows I don't like scallops or much seafood at all. Well hold on to your hats...it was delicious!  My husband had the roasted shrimp broth and I had the Pancetta Gnocchi for the 2nd course.  My husband enjoyed the broth.  I absolutely loved the pancetta gnocchi and was instantly grateful for the fact the the recipe was shared in the South Philadelphia Review, although I hardly think my rendition will taste nearly as flavorful.  For the 3rd course my husband had the pork offering and again going way outside my comfort zone ordered striped bass.  My husband loved the pork dish and was extremely pleased.  I can safely say that I have never eaten a snail, well I could before our visit to Laurel.  I also never order a fish dish and loved this beyond compare.  My husband also had a snail!  My only regret was that by this time I was getting slightly full so I had it wrapped, but forgot it! :-(   Then came dessert.  Can I tell you that Cocoa Nibs are my new favorite food!  My husband and I shared the white chocolate pudding with cocoa nibs dessert and the Chef's choice cheese plate.  Chef Elmi was so kind to come out to talk to his patrons and seemed pleased by the fact that everyone was so clearly enjoying the experience that is Laurel.  He even let us come back to the kitchen to take a photo with him!  The couple seated next to us had the tasting menu and we will definitely go this route the next time!  Way to go Chef Elmi!Tonight we dined at Laurels restaurant where we had anticipated an exceptional meal in line with that at Bibou or Vetri's.  Instead we had no stand out memories nor flavors. In fact there were no dishes that we wanted more of. The prix fix of $85 included a seven course meal each complicated ingredients but none for which we would return.What better place to review for my first yelp review?
Delicious. Amazing. So good.  Went with some friends last night and it exceeded our very high expectations. We tried most of the menu items.  Highest on my list was the tuna (so good), the gnocchi and the poulet. Service was great.
All in all, highly recommend.My boyfriend and I came for dinner last night. We ended up ordering the additional entree of Kobe beef. It was an additional $50 but worth every penny. One of the best dishes we've ever had. We will be coming back to Laurel for sure.After a 2.5 month wait to get a reservation I would say it was well worth it. Amazing meal across the board. I didn't die and go to heaven I died and went to Laurel! 
Everything was prepared perfectly. We went on a Wednesday and had the a la carte menu. 1st course we had the Bibb lettuce salad and albacore tuna. Excellent! And I don't even like tuna. 
I would say the 2nd course with the highlight of the meal. The ricotta gnocchi is a must have. Perfectly cooked.
3rd course we both had the Black Sea bass. This was cooked to perfection. The outer skin was slightly crispy with a hint of salt that made for an excellent balance of flavor. 
We finished with the meal with the white chocolate pudding dessert. The combination of textures with great flavor was heavenly!
The final touch was the chef making a point to come out and personally greet each guest. I will definitely return.Service was top notch. The food was amazing. The gnocchi was hands down the best gnocchi I've ever had. Great addition to the Passyunk restaurant scene.If this review were based on food and value alone, it'd be 3 stars. It gets an extra star for top-notch service and staff.
The food was obviously created by masters. I found it impressive and thoughtful. Everyone in the kitchen is really good at their job. Unfortunately I didnt think the food was -- forgive me for a lame word -- yummy. I found so little of it delightful, whimsical, surprising, or FUN. The food could maybe win a contest, but not my heart. Everything about the experience just felt SO SERIOUS. Even the music was a bummer -- old chestnuts from the 50s and 60s, like the Four Seasons and Sinatra. I looked around and the customers were all in our 20s to 40s. How about some music from when we were alive?
That said, I felt extremely taken care of by the fantastic staff. The way they attended to our needs and conversed with us was the tops. 
If the food was maybe less expensive, I could cut it some slack. But when I spend this much money, I want to walk out of the restaurant going "I can't wait to do that again!" Instead, I just left disappointed.
I think next time I'm just gonna hit up their little bar next door. The cocktail they made was incredible, the menu looked a little more fun and reasonable, and the vibe was a lot more warm.This isn't going to be one of those reviews where I list every single dish we were served and review and critique it in exquisite detail. Instead I will just say: if you are considering dining at Laurel, do it. Just go. For real. Go there now*. This meal was so good I legitimately almost cried (though to be fair, due to some serious health issues, for a while there it looked like I may never be able to eat like a normal person again, and now I can. So the crying with joy part was also a little bit for that. But it was mostly about the venison. Oh dear gods the venison.) 
I live a little more than an hour outside of Philly and there's a 100% chance I will be returning to Laurel for the next special occasion I choose to celebrate with an amazing meal. And while I recognize that a meal here isn't exactly cheap, I do consider it a fantastic bargain. Bargain, by definition, meaning value for money. I don't know where you can get a dining experience like this for the price of a meal at Laurel (all in, with wine and generous tip, we paid $150/pp. That's a lot of money for me, personally, to spend on dinner and I regret nothing. And I'll do it again.) 
I will also add some tips: 
Don't arrive early, there's nowhere to wait except the bar next door. Unless you want to have a nice cocktail before dinner. Then arrive early and have a cocktail at the bar next door. 
Bring a nice bottle of wine. They do now have a bar menu (as they also own the bar next door), but it's pricey. I would rather spend the extra money on one of the additions to the tasting menu. (I actually brought a nice bottle of wine with me from home and then left it in our hotel room when we left for the evening. Whoops. My fault. We ordered the cheapest bottle of rose and it was fine, if not anything to write home about.)
If you are not an adventurous eater, go with an open mind. You will not be given a menu at the start (though they give you one with your check so you can recall the dishes you enjoyed in detail) so each course will be a surprise. Personally, I love tasting menus--what's better than each course being a surprise? But this will require a bit of letting go for some people. Be prepared to give up control. It's lovely, I promise. 
Please don't even try to take photos of the dishes. It's a dimly lit space, and your incessant phone flash will annoy the other twelve people in the room while resulting in (I'm assuming) awful, garish flash phone pics of what really is beautifully plated food. Just don't even try. Thanks. 
*Unless 'now' is in the middle of a very hot week, which it was when we visited. It's a tiny space, in a converted row house, so the window/AC situation is not ideal on the evening of a 100 degree day. Still, the temperature did not ruin our enjoyment.Very creative restaurant. I am not a fan of cold dishes but I did enjoy my ice flaked hamachi and foie gras dish. They were creamy but not overly empowering. We ordered truffle gnocchi for extra and that was right choice. I enjoyed very much. They were not cheap with truffle so $30 was so worthy. For main course, cod was decent size and my boo liked that dish the most. Pork was super tender and delicious. Dessert was chocolate pudding. I was expecting something special so when dessert came out, I was little disappointed. It was yummy but nothing special about dessert.Truly amazing!  We had the tasting menu (Friday and Saturday nights) and it was an unbelievable experience.  The gnocchi was like none I have ever tasted.  Chef Nick Elmi absolutely deserved to win Top Chef. He also went out of his way to accommodate my husband's picky taste.  Laurel is well worth the wait to get a table.We have eaten at quite a few five star restaurants and have been to worldwide Top 50 restaurant such as Le Bernardien and Narisawa. This was hands down one of the best 2-3 meals we have ever had. The food was outstanding and the service impeccable. I especially noticed how Nick took the time to serve at least one dish to each table. It was one of the most memorable food experiences we've had.Great place for a date. Menu was very creative. Each course is tiny but we were full after adding the steak and gnocchi. Also BYOB you save a bit of money there.The 1 page menu is made up of several courses with the third course being the main course. You can select the $85 tasting menu, or order a la carte. 
Overall I enjoyed the experience, but I think that I prefer high end meals at other Philadelphia restaurants such as Tinto, and Bibou more. For the price I think I should have been blown away by more than one dish. However I decided to rate Laurel at 5 stars because my preference is based largely on my love of rich flavors rather than the skill of the chef.
The chef is a master of texture. It was interesting to have cauliflower that was pured and more granular on the same plate. The gnocchi was the best of my life, and the hands down best dish that we had. Even without the pancetta it would have been amazing because the gnocchi could not have been lighter. I had the skate wing, but liked my sisters duck much better. The texture of the skate wing was perfect, but I didn't enjoy the way the flavors blended together because I felt that it was boring. If you appreciate light flavors that are seamlessly blended to create something new, you will enjoy the skate wing.
Service was top notch. Our server was extremely knowledgeable and personable. There was never a moment where we wanted for anything.
The atmosphere was intimate, and felt like we were dining in someone's elegant, and tasteful home.Based on the reviews I've read, I'll try not to repeat as I agree with the majority - service and food rocks!
I disagree with the guy who had a beef with the music - I rather liked the dichotomy of the casual/formal atmosphere created here.  It kept it classy without being stuffy
However, I digress... a departing patron nudged my party of 4 to get the tasting.  He was right, we didn't regret it!  If my memory serves to butcher this dizzying array:
brandade
scallop
tuna
foie gras
mackerel
gnocchi
trout
wagyu beef
oyster gelee
citrus curd
white chocolate pudding?  There was chocolate nib in there somewhere...
I apologize I can't go into too much detail as others, being robbed of my senses of smell and hearing to an awesome cold.  From what I could taste culminated with my friends' responses, some courses were an immediate hit, some challenged us to try something not in our color wheel, but all in all were pretty successful.
In keeping with the casual/formal vibe, the staff were great, managing to be both personable and efficient so effortlessly.  Our server was so sympathetic to my congestion, he added the Maitake, Hazelnut, Preserved Lemon, Lemongrass Chicken Broth just for me!  Also, for a Saturday, the fact that Chef Nicholas delivered and introduced at least one course to every table and chatted and had photos snapped, yet still seem pretty unassuming and down to earth, is an admirable feat.
You may want to put in a reservation now if you want to get a table in the spring.. I may just to try the rest of the menu... when I'm feeling better:)Make reservations now.
No, right now, I'll wait. 
Done? Okay, now you can continue reading...
This was probably the second best if not best meal that I have had yet in Philly.  Nick's French training and skill are on display with a seafood heavy tasting menu that continues to deliver again and again.  
Booked our reservations the night he won Top Chef after much deliberation and were able to get in on the last seating at 10pm on a Friday night.  
It's BYO - to make sure to bring something great, and if there's any left over, leave it with the front of the house staff who does a killer job.  
Tasting menu style, my favorite for a phenomenal chef to just showcase their abilities and let you sit back and enjoy the ride.
If you take a look at their site, you'll see a sample tasting menu.  What we had was pretty close, started with an uni amuse on a chicken skin cracker, followed by the tuna with horseradish, pear and yogurt that was crazy good.
Follow that up with the torn sea scallop with a really interesting apple-flavored sauce.  And, oh yes, foie gras terrine? Holy crap this was a huge piece of foie gras, very heavy and served with toast, but so good.  We definitely couldn't eat it all! 
Probably my favorite thing all night - the charred Spanish Mackerel - with the mustard seed and mustard oil.  Wow this will clean out your nostrils but man does this thing pack flavor! 
The ricotta gnocchi was also pretty tasty, but it came out at the same time as the mackerel and was a bit overshadowed!
Hellooooo beautiful butterfish, or walu.  This thing was cooked to perfection and incredibly flavorful, but then was followed by the wagyu beef and quickly forgotten!!
The wagyu beef was served with some fresh beets and beet sauce, which I have to say, as a man who doesn't like beets (and Nick doesn't either!), these were incredibly tasty!
Top it all off with the desserts? Yup, the panna cotta with Buddha's hand.  Look it up, you've probably never heard of it.  Dehyrdated meringue? Oh yes! Oh, and the white chocolate pudding? To die for.  If this were always dessert, trust me, I would always clear every plate before it to get to this one!
Front of house service was awesome. But the final piece that made it awesome? Nick comes to talk to every table to see how their meal was and get people's opinions.  It was late night, and he's a regular guy, so he sat down at the empty table next to us to enjoy a beer and chit chat before realizing "oh crap it's late I need to clean up." 
Yup, we'll be back. Probably like 12 more times, this meal was awesome.Laurel was absolutely amazing - the food and the service.  Our waitress was polite, informative and incredibly nice.  Everything we ordered was delicious - the tuna, the foie gras, the gnocci, the pork, the duck and the white chocolate pudding.  If I HAD to chose the foie gras and the pudding were my favorite.  Definitely worth the wait!!I had the most incredible birthday dinner at Laurel. My husband miraculously managed to snag a table just one month in advance with some begging (we're new to Philly, we thought that would be enough time.) The service was phenomenal and not at all pretentious, much like the ambiance in the restaurant. The lack of white tablecloths paired with the upholstered chairs in the tiny dining space said classy but not stuffy. The chef put things on the menu that I would NEVER order on my own, but then ate and loved every single item. I'd never before enjoyed foie gras or escargot, and I'd never tried frog legs. Lo and behold, all were blow-my-mind delicious. We sprang for the addition of Wagyu Beef, which impressed my steak-connoisseur husband. It's certainly expensive relative to other restaurants but I believe a fair price for the quality of food and service. Sure, portions were small (expected for a tasting menu), but there were so many courses (and several surprise courses!) that we did not leave hungry. The lovely icing on the cake was sending the chef out to each table at the end of their meal to schmooze. Very classy.
Would love to go back again but I think it may be a while before a worthy occasion comes up. In the meantime, I have the memories and, thank goodness, the photos.I'm first going to state the obvious: Laurel is pretty expensive and serves a tasting menu, meaning the plates are decided by the Chef and they generally tend to be smaller portions. Come here if you are willing to spend some cash to try a range of new and complex dishes. Otherwise, go somewhere else. 
My girlfriend and I had a wonderful dinner at Laurel last evening. All of the dishes were very good, with two dishes really standing out to me: the seared scallops and the braised pork cheek. I'll list out the tasting menu at the end of the review.  
Aside from the food being delicious, I really enjoyed the service. Our main server (manager?) was excellent! I'm one of of those customers that wants to know everything about a dish's ingredients (not because I'm picky, more so because I'm curious about the components of each dish) , and our server was more than happy to thoroughly explain each ingredient. That pretty much occurred after every dish. And she always kindly offered an expert explanation. 
I recommend dining at Laurel.
Tasting menu (I don't claim to be a food critic, these are just my opinions)
1.  Hiramasa (yellowtail) with mountain rose apple, chamomile, horseradish snow - The yellowtail was under a pile of fine shavings of ice. The mountain rose apple added a nice sweetness and crunch. It was interesting, but it could have used a little less "snow."
2.  Cocoa foie gras, granola, grapes - I don't really like how foie gras is produced, so this was my first time trying it. I could taste the cocoa and the foie gras kind of melted in my mouth, but the granola was really overpowering. I wasn't impressed with this one, but other people seemed to enjoy it. 
3.  Wild Burgundy Snails, shitake and maitake mushroom, spring onion, chip - This was also my first time having snails. The creamy broth the snails were served in was really good. I liked the onion and mushroom as well. The snails kind of taste like a more earthy, hearty mushroom. It was really interesting and I enjoyed this dish. 
4.  Seared scallops with crispy chicken skin, heart of palm, dashi, and herb puree. This may have been my favorite dish of the evening. The scallops were seared perfectly. The crispy chicken skin added a great contrasting texture to the soft, moist scallops. I also really enjoyed the dashi. Other diners probably scoffed when I put the bowl to my mouth to enjoy the remaining broth, but whatever, it was too good to end up down a drain. \_()_/
5.  Icelandic cod, pine nut puree and black trumpet mushrooms - The cod was delicious. Warm, buttery, and rich. I really liked the texture and flavor the trumpet mushrooms added. They were almost like a tougher sea weed. The pine nut puree was a little overpowering, but this dish was very good overall.
6.  Braised pork cheek, pumpkin puree, roasted butternut squash, lemon zest - This is a toss up for the best dish of the evening. It was the perfect fall dish. The pork was very tender and flavorful. A forkful with each component created an absolutely wonderful bite. I'm salivating just thinking about it!
7.  Caramelized white chocolate pudding, almond streusel, puffed rice, cherry - This was a yummy dessert. I'm not big on dessert usually, but the puffed rice added a really nice, crisp texture to the smooth, sweet pudding. 
Can't wait to come back again. Thanks Chef Elmi, you and your staff are doing great things.Six of us had a fantastic dinner last night at Laurel, on what was its second night open.  Love what they've done to the ex-Fond space (with super comfy chairs!).  The service was excellent.  I'll write more later about the food, but we enjoyed everything we had (the gnocchi was a standout dish in my mind).
The newest "must try (and keep coming back)" BYOB in Philly!  Congratulations Nicolas, and good luck on Top Chef!HMM   I was here several months ago and thought i wrote a review but I guess not.
This is the place to go for a fun, creative, inspiring, delicious dinner.
They know how to experiment with flavors and blow your mind.
frozen and shaved foie gras   my brain couldn't figure out that i wasn't eating ice cream,  well i  I was  wasn't I?
   Really, If you are interested in the "molecular gastronomy" type of cooking  try  Laurel.  It will satisfy that curiosity without being so weird that you feel like you are in a science class.
On the other end of the spectrum  there are also courses that are plain old friggin awesome food.  All courses were awesome  to be clear!
the restaurant is upscale, small, intimate  with impeccable service.
I'll be back for sure.One reason we enjoy visiting Philadelphia is the opportunity to eat at the many small BYOB restaurants.  So far, Laurel is not only the best of the bunch, but the combination of delicious food and gracious, attentive service, made it one of my best ever dining experiences.
We went to Laurel on a Thursday evening so that we could order off the a la carte menu rather than having to do The Chef's Tasting Menu.  While all the food was absolutely delicious, we were glad we only did two courses and a third dessert course.  At the end of the evening we were both totally full and I'm not sure we would have been able to totally enjoy another course.
I started off with the Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi (recommended by the concierge at our hotel, and by the waiter), and my wife started with the Seared Foie Gras.  Both were delicious.  My gnocchi were smooth and light in a wonderful source; I'm afraid we probably ate too much bread that evening just to make sure we didn't leave any of the sauces behind.
For our main courses I had the Hudson Valley Duck Magret and my wife had Pork stuffed Pork.  Again, both were delicious.  Duck is one of my favorite dishes, and one that I have tasted all over the world.  This was the best.  The meat was moist with a wonderful and flavorful charrred exterior.  My wife also enjoyed her pork; the small bit I sampled was moist and delicious.
For dessert, we both ate the Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding, which sounds wonderful, and tastes even better.
Throughout the entire meal, our waiter and the rest of the staff were attentive without being intrusive, making for a relaxing, delicious meal.  I need to return the next time I am in Philadelphia!Having traveled all over the world, our dinner at Laurel was easily among the best, if not the best, we've ever had. Le Bec Fin comes to mind in terms of the food, wine pairing, and exceptional service. Each dish was a triumph of creativity and complex flavors. The wines beautifully complimented the food, and should not be missed. Also, Chef Nicholas Elmi frequently checked on his guests, which made the experience even more memorable.  Reservations are very hard to get, so try calling in case there are cancellations.All in all good food but vastly overrated given the hype. I might have guessed...but still. And I do have two MAJOR complaints. 
One waitress, the head person in the dining room,  is so obnoxiously loud that I could almost not finish my meal. She stood next to our table bellowing out comments on the food to the table right next ours (I suspect it is the person who reviewed below), a couple of self-professed foodies who kept asking her about every dish. She came back at least four times, each time for a ten minute conversation--thereby ignoring the rest of her guests. Aside from the fact that her butt was facing me most of that time (as in ten inches away from my head), the volume and inanity started to seriously get on my nerves. All the more annoying that this was delightfully quiet dining room. Excessive noise, especially in a high end place, is one of my pet peeves. Congratulations to one all all for being respectful of the experience and each other. But to have staff destroy the ambiance is a very serious no-no. 
Second, and this will be first time I ever comment on this for any restaurant, Laurel needs to seriously reconsider its plate and silverware, particularly the latter. If you are going to serve 3/4 of your dishes in a bowl (I'll get to this later) and these are delicate portions to be savored in detail, you can't have a massive cereal spoon be the utensil for each dish. It's not even that it's not dainty (though it isn't) but it actually destroys the tasting experience. You couldn't actually get food from the bowl to your mouth without scooping up half the plate and the spoons themselves are so big and heavy that they a)destroy the dish immediately by mixing everything up and b)actually change the texture of what you are eating because you have to stick this snow shovel in your mouth. I don't know whose idea this was, but it was a bad one.
The food:
1.  Hiramasa--The horseradish snow was a nice touch. The apples, an afterthought. If work with seasonal ingredients, build from that ingredient outward. I always hate thinking, "why the hell is that there." Of course then it would have been the rather simple dish it actually was. The huge spoon was a pain.
2.  Cocoa foie gras. One of the more successful dishes. And it particularly worked because it was the first dish with the "granola" texture going on (see desert). The ingredients all worked and it was well executed. It wasn't wildly inventive--nothing was--but it was good. The huge spoon destroyed any delicacy in composition. 
3.  Wild Burgundy Snails. This was OK but moved the meal towards over rich. And the snails: canned? This dish relied very heavily on cream and butter and while the flavors were satisfying enough (particularly if it had been the only dish like this) it really was classical French cuisine I don't find that satisfying anymore--unless that's what I actually am going for. 
4.  Scallops: potentially one of the more interesting dishes but the composition didn't really come together as I well as I would have liked. Here, I would have liked to see the dish constructed from the broth outward rather than scallops and then ingredients added. 
5.  Icelandic cod-Too rich and feeling less and less creative.  Again, the seasonal ingredient here was the trompettes--aka black trumpets, a beautiful mushroom with a gorgeous earthy flavor. That flavor got completely lost and instead provided almost only texture. I would much rather have seen a dish involving the mushrooms rather than the fish which felt like a place filler: the required fish course. 
6.  Braised pork cheek. I love pork cheeks. These were fine though over-salted. But at this point they showed that this is following the unimaginative--app. main. desert sequence. Or Veg to Protein to sweet. In any case, if I had come in and had a soup, pork cheeks, and then desert, I would have been fine. But the pretensions are higher and this doesn't live up to them. And the execution though fine was far from otherworldly.   
7.  Caramelized white chocolate pudding--Completely uninteresting and over sweet desert that was really just another "bowl dish" that vaguely echoed the foie with the "granola" effect--a texture/flavor that is OK and was innovative ten years ago but that you can't have more than once in a meal. 
I would like to see a less classically structured meal that pays greater attention to what makes the ingredients special. And a conception that goes beyond the too frequent "a salad of ingredients in a bowl" look and conception. In a word, from A to Z, the presentation and manner of combining ingredients never departed much from the predictable. No glaring culinary flaws but no moment of transcendence either. Fix the flatware and tell whoever that was to pipe down.If you're a fan of Bravo's Top Chef, you know about Nicholas Elmi. If you're into food and live in Philly, you've heard of him. And if you have any modicum of Philly pride, the name should ring a bell. And as a NYC transplant, I couldn't help but root for Chef Elmi - humble, intense, and clearly work and family-driven - what's not to like?
Following in the steps of Chef Kevin Sbraga's season 7 Top Chef win, Chef Elmi brought the title back to Philly, along with a cool $125,000. With that prize money, he opened up Laurel, a phenomenal entry in the South Philly BYO scene. And despite all the well-edited "drama" that was highlighted throughout Top Chef, after a recent meal, it's clear that Chef Elmi's food speaks for itself.
Tuesdays through Thursdays are a la carte. And on the weekends, you can indulge in a set tasting for $85 pp. Due to the dearth of available reservations, I took what I could get. So on a Thursday evening at 8:45PM, the GF and I stepped into the Fond's former space and indulged. Being that Laurel is a BYO, the GF and I brought a bottle of Doc Lettere, a red sparkler that we were introduced to Vetri. Easy drinking, to be sure.
Bread Service 
The meal began with two slices of house-made sourdough and a pat of browned butter topped with salt. A nice start for what was to come.
Foie Gras and Cocoa Terrine [$20]
Blood orange, candied celery root, brioche 
Our first courses came out shortly thereafter. I had to go with the foie gras, which came with a quartet of brioche toast points. The heft of the creamy foie was tempered by the bitter cocoa and the sweet candied celery root and tangy drops of blood orange. The salt heightened the innate flavors of the foie. This was a deft preparation that provided a bright note for the rest of the meal. 
Torn New Jersey Scallop [$14]
Hot house rhubarb, sea lettuce, grapefruit
The GF's first course proper brought forth refreshing notes. The scallop is truly hand torn and then cured with kombu to draw out the water and heighten the salinity. The bits of grapefruit imparted additional tartness provided by the hot house rhubarb, poured tableside.
Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi [$14]
Pancetta, sourdough, garlic 
The lightness of the scallop dish was the perfect entry into a heftier second course. The oft-acclaimed gnocchi provided all the flavors that are associated with comfort and guilty pleasures. The pancetta was salty, fatty, and crispy, provided a textural contrast to the creamy, pillowy ricotta gnocchi. The tangy crunch of the sourdough bread crumbs offered an additional layer of flavor. It's unsurprising that this dish was praised by the Top Chef judges and Padma, in particular, was moved when Chef Elmi spoke about his daughter's love for this particular dish. A must-order!
Roasted Walu [$29]
Sunchoke, hazelnut, apple blossom
For my second course, I decided to opt for the roasted walu, which is actually listed under the mains. In fact, our server Grace noted that this was the first time she had ever seen anyone do this, but that it was genius. Personally, I didn't think any further than the fact that I love butterfish (aka walu aka escolar aka "white tuna) and knew I had to try the pork belly dish for my main. They don't call me the Belly of the Pig for nothing! But back to the roasted walu. 
The fish was firm on the outside and moist within. The apple blossoms added some tang, while the hazelnuts offered some heft and texture. The sunchokes provided sweet nuttiness. The walu was cooked perfectly, a touch more would have been over. Having enjoyed walu much rarer in the form of escolar sushi and knowing that despite the delicious butteriness, there are indigestible esters involved (I'll let you figure out what that consequence is), it's not surprising that the walu is cooked fully. A definite favorite and highly recommended. 
Niman Ranch Beef [$31]
Salsify, onion, Woodland Jewel mushrooms
For her main, the GF went with the Niman Ranch beef. Cooked perfectly tender, there was certainly no lack of seasoning here. The heft of the beef and the earthiness of the mushrooms were heightened by the accompanying bordelaise. The salsify puree was a necessary complement to the dish, providing a counterbalance to any saltiness. 
Berkshire Pork [$28]
Crushed chestnuts, huckleberry-kale vinaigrette, pumpernickel
I couldn't help but get excited for this next dish. Essentially pork three ways, fall-apart tender pork belly, perfectly cooked pork loin, and a technically exquisite crepinette of shoulder and cheek were highlighted. The crepinette was perfect - a succulent melange of pork shoulder and tender beef cheek were wrapped in caul fat and crisped on the outside to provide great flavor. This all came atop a crushed chestnut puree, which had an earthy nuttiness that underscored the heft of the pork. The tangy huckleberry and kale vinaigrette helped to temper the dish.
*** TO BE CONTINUED ***WOW!  that's what my friends and I kept saying after we finished our incredible meal at this cozy, charming gem on Passyunk.  My friend pointed out that she was impressed they decided to reduce the tables/seating capacity since this locations previous restaurant.  The results are chairs that are as luxuriously comfortable as the food is delectable. Also, this reduced the noise factor for a small restaurant like this.  The service was as consistent and appropriate for the quality of the food, enjoyment of every part of the meal is improved as a result.
We shared everything and kept finding every part of the meal to be outstanding.  The Foie Gras and Cocoa Terrine was heavenly and something I had looked forward to since first hearing of the restaurants opening.  It did not let me down.  The Kombu Crudo was wonderful and the Ricotta Gnocchi with Pancetta was SO good we agreed we HAD TO order a 2nd order of it! The entree's were generous and perfectly prepared.  Mine was a rewarding Wagyu Beef dish that was impressive.
Finishing with some Morbier and honey and an order of the highly recommended White Chocolate pudding provided the happy ending any massage parlor would have  a hard time competing with :)Overall, I think this is a nice dinner that tries a little too hard. We ordered "torn raw scallops" which was pretty good, ricotta gnocchi that you will dream about later, the poulet with a really aggressive Meyer lemon reduction (and winter alliums, which is apparently a pretentious way of saying onions) and Walu, a super delicious beautifully prepared butter fish with a gorgeous apple cider foam. So it was a bit hit or miss. We ordered both sweet dessert options -- a vanilla pudding with what tasted exactly like Oreo crumble on top, topped with a super sour and totally inedible quince gel (delicious pudding, gross gel) and a very over-conceptualized curd thing that tasted a bit like pickled burnt marshmallows. The service was quite good and I think it was a fine experience. For the price and pretension, I think you can do better than Laurel in Philly, and for that matter,  on East Passyunk!I have been /dying/ to come here for ages. 
So excited to finally have a chance...
We got the tasting menu, and it certainly lived up to my expectations. I would put it about on the same level as Will BYOB. However it is much more difficult to get a table here, so I will probably not get a chance to come again.My now-wife and I tried Laurel about a year and a half ago when it was a start-up, a la carte restaurant that everyone wanted to go to. The portions were pretty decent for the price, the atmosphere was quiet and romantic, and the food was truly artisan. I remember the gnocchi with crisped pancetta, a blend of textures and flavors, and the multi-layered dessert pudding with pulverized freeze-dried fruit. Truly masterful.
No more. We had a seven-course tasting menu with some hits and some misses: the snails with creamed potatoes were savory and left me digging my plate for more, and the gnocchi with black truffle were delicious and earthy, if single-layered in taste. Other courses were mediocre at best, with the sweet potato cake dessert caking tasting straight out of a cookbook and the beets/pear/granola combo tasting as ordinary as a scoop of salad that I could make at home, though elegantly presented. The final straw came at the end of the meal: When I asked for herbal tea, I got that flavorless, chopped, tea bag stuff that you can buy at the drugstore rather than the full-leaf kind you'd expect at a fine restaurant. Really? 
What really killed this experience for me, though, was the fact that another couple was seated directly next to us during dinner, with their server frequently, loudly interrupting our conversation. If you had looked from the outside, you would have thought that the four of us were together. We weren't, and I'm completely disappointed that I spent $300 to dress up for a fancy dinner, only to have every opportunity for a private talk with my wife ruined by the fact that another couple was right on top of us. I could forgive that if every part of the meal was outstanding, but it wasn't. Chef Elmi is capable of greatness, but if you read the Yelp reviews after December, you notice a pattern: until they get their act together, which we all hope they do, don't come back.My experience at Laurel was very similar to that of Ry S. described below.  The dining experience my wife and I had in April was OK- not a bad meal but clearly not spectacular food.  The meal was very inconsistent from dish to dish- and inconsistent even within the same dish.  
The service was very friendly and very unpolished, relative to other BYOBs in the same area of town.  Dishes weren't cleared, glasses weren't filled, etc.  But the waiter and hostess were very warm and welcoming.
I had the foie gras dish as my first course; it was the only bland foie gras dish I've ever tasted.  The gnocchi dish was OK but really wasn't very flavorful at all.  The inconsistency was most apparent in my pork dish.  There were bites that were very succulent and delicious that co-existed on the plate with pieces of pork that were dried out.
People at the surrounding tables were falling over themselves to praise the food and the chef when Chef Elmi made his rounds.  Cries of "This is the best meal I've had in 5 years" from our neighbors.  I think quite honestly that the over-the-top reviews of Laurel illustrate the power of television.  If Laurel was simply a new BYOB in town- without the fanfare- you would conclude that the chef shows great promise and the restaurant is hopefully beginning to hit its stride.  My experience, at least, is that it's a bit of the story of the "Chef's New Clothes" with the inflated reviews of Laurel.
I hope Laurel improves; I think at the moment there are better BYOBs in town and more exciting and promising new chefs who are not enjoying the afterglow of realty TV.As a huge Top Chef fan, nabbing a reservation at Laurel was very important the second I read that it had opened and boy I'm happy I did. 
My guy and I decided to make it just the two of us for our first visit which was almost necessary because the place is super tiny and yet incredibly warm and adorable. From the second we walked in, I knew I was going to love this place. We were very warmly welcomed, I loved the feel and the service was top notch from beginning to end. 
Now onto our meal...
We started with the Fluke with Asian pear. This was a wonderful start to the meal. The perfect amount of sweetness and then cut with a subtle taste of horseradish. 
Next was the Foie Gras terrine. I had never seen foie like this before and was happy to welcome it to my foie experiences. The foie came out marbled with a coco powder which added a subtle bitterness to the rich smooth foie. It came with a toasted, hot brioche and a sweet pepper like relish. This was great but i wished it was a tad sweeter. 
Then came the ricotta gnocchi with pancetta. Wow. This dish was homey and rich and yet light and delicate. I was in love. The gnocchi was so tender and sprinkled with sourdough croutons to add a perfect crunch. 
Lastly came our main dishes. Generally, I find myself always loving my appetizers more than the main at many restaurants but this time was an exception. We shared the Trout with burgundy snails and black quinoa. This was a wonderful dish. the skin was crispy and the snails were incredibly tender!
Our other shared dish was the Poulet with Meyer Lemon reduction. I never order chicken while out but this dish just seemed too good to be true and our server highly recommended it so we went for it. This came out with two pieces of breast meat with very crispy skin and what we started to call an elevated chicken nugget! It was described as a chicken sausage, a mixture of chicken leg and thigh meat. Heaven. All this over perfectly cooked and delicious trumpet mushrooms. Order this, trust me. 
Our whole night from food, to service to atmosphere was fantastic.Unfortunately we didn't have any room left for dessert but trust me, we will absolutely be back!The restaurant here is quite small. It can only fit about 25 people. 
Sound proofing here was quite good. It was very easy to hold a conversation and it was always fairly quiet.
Started off with an amuse-bouche: horseradish snow. A nice little novelty to start off the meal. 
Ordered the death star cocktail. Ingredients include reposado tequila, yuzu, shochu and tastes like a margarita with Asian influences.
The way the meal works is there is a pre-fixe of 7 items and you don't know what they'll be serving you unless you check the website!  
1. Caviar and Cobia. Very lemony sauce. Cobia was a bit chewy. Savory from the caviar
2. Burgundy snails- polenta was creamy and light. Snails are chewy and savory. Hominy add a nice crunch. Leaves are like shiso leafs
Foie gras tart - light and fluffy. Melts in mouth. Foie gras tasted whipped and light. 
3. Frog leg confit is incredibly soft. Pesto sauce is light and dry. Asparagus is so easy to eat as well. The brioche bread is crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The butter is sort of like dipping dots, individual circles. Spreads very easily onto the bread because it just melts from the warmness of the bread. 
4. Stone bass with chicken dashi - the chicken dashi was incredibly flavorful. Fish was savory and soft. Tiny mushrooms, turnips complemented the fish splendidly. Loved the crispy skin as well
5. Roasted duck is tender and chewy. Extremely flavorful and the skin was crisp. Duck prosciutto added saltiness. It all went well together. Loved it!
6. Lamb is amazing as well. So soft. Went well with the cauliflower puree and pistachio oil. Honey red wine reduction is a bit sweet.
7. Marshmallow is caramelized. Blood orange star anise jelly is my favorite. Other desserts were mostly tart or creamy. 
The entire meal took 2.5 hours and was perfectly paced. Never felt like the food was coming on too quickly, but didn't have to wait too long either. Service was excellent as they constantly replaced the silverware and dinnerware, refilled our water, and explained the food in detail. 
They also had 2 add-on options, A5 wagyu from Japan, and truffle risotto that we didn't order.SYNOPSIS: For the price, Laurel lacks creativity and fails to achieve the same culinary punch as the chef once had at Le Bec Fin. If you are looking for fine dining French that will deliver consistently solid dishes without any duds, I would recommend Lacroix. 
To begin, it took the waitress about 15 minutes to come over to our table and ask what we would like to drink. We ordered wine, but it took us ~27 minutes (I timed it) to get our wine after we had ordered it. By that time, we had already finished a mouse and our first course. Our waitress was also rather gauche and came off as snooty and standoffish throughout the meal. My Girlfriend and I never felt comfortable during the meal as a result despite the cozy ambiance. 
**Anyhow, the 3 star rating is based on the food alone**
The first course was Raw Spanish Mackerel with a green spice and thin crispy chip that contained the only flavor on this otherwise bland dish. However, it was not just the lack of flavor that made this dish unspectacular: rather, one piece of the Mackerel itself tasted fishy while the other piece, though not fishy, had either been cut improperly or was just unbearably sinewy. 
The second course was the hand torn scallops served over some sort of white French mother sauce and accompanied by assorted vegetables. This dish was pretty good in terms of the actual flavor profiles, textures, and the scallops themselves were absolutely  delectable. For me, the problem is that the scallop should have been the hero on the plate -- however, it was torn to shreds quite literally to the point where each remnant of what used to be a scallop was too small and allowed the other components of the dish to overwhelm it. 
The third course of snails was by far the most creative in my mind. The snails were served in a diaphanous white foam -- quite  literally submerged in it as taking a bath. To contrast the overall soft texture of the dish, it came with a delicious preserved chip that provided the right texture and flavor contrast to give the dish a memorable burst. No complaints here! 
Next, we had ordered the ricotta gnocchi for $55 more (which is supposedly what they are known for). As both an Italian citizen and someone who has worked in the kitchen at a fine dining Italian restaurant, this dish was quite simply poorly executed. I will give them credit for the house made gnocchi themselves which were delectably light but that would, unfortunately, not be enough to salvage this dish from the heavy hand of the chef. The white cheese sauce was just far too powerful for this dish (or any for that matter) with an acidic aftertaste that easily overwhelmed the thinly shaved truffles  --- in fact, you could barely taste any truffles in the dish as a result of the sauce!! If it were a plate in the tasting menu, I would have been disappointed. At $55 more-a-pop, it felt like a ripoff. 
For the fifth course, it was an Arctic char in a Bechemal sauce with an almond butter and crispy chips. While I am not a fan of Arctic char, the dish is sure to please those who like it as my girlfriend was a big fan. Even I could appreciate the flavor combinations here which were unique and complemented the fish nicely. 
For the sixth course came the Chicken. The chicken was excellent. It is hard to WOW with chicken but theirs was cooked impeccably and served with a natural jous that gave it the flavor it often lacks in other restaurants and when we cook it at home. 
As the final course, we were served the venison which was good but not great. While cooked properly, it simply lacked flavor. Perhaps the sauce it came with would have made it better, but I would not know there was only a tiny drop of it on the plate, barely enough to wet your tongue. 
No matter, we ordered the wagyu beef for an additional $55 that came out with this course. This was the highlight of the meal in my opinion. I have had real Kobe and Wagyu at many places -- this chef, unlike many, did it justice. The wagyu was cooked to perfection with an amazing, crispy sear on the outside while preserving the juices and rareness of the inside. Think of very well done "Pittsburgh rare" without any discernible burnt flavor on the outside. 
The deserts provided an underwhelming finish to the meal. There were several small bites. One was an lemon ice cream which was for too citrusy for my liking and another a chocolate mousse with caramel which was too sweet to take more than a lick before setting it aside. In addition, they brought out marshmallows and toasted them in front of us for a few second as if that would make an underwhelming marshmallow delicious --- it does not. 
All in all, we did damage of ~$400. For that price, we should have had the meal of our lives. Unfortunately, this is not even in the top 5 meals I have had in Philadelphia. 
For the price, you are better doing the tasting menu at Lacroix for $105 a person or perhaps even Vetri for $155 a personI will keep this short and sweet: Laurel served the best steak (Niman Ranch Beef) and best gnocchi I have ever had.  Everything else we tried was excellent, but as someone who has had steak and gnocchi at well over 100 restaurants, that is an incredible feat.  
I was also extremely impressed with the friendly and knowledgeable wait staff.  Finally Chef Elmi clearly understands that he is a "celebrity" and visited every single table while we were there.  We sat right next to the kitchen and he continued to come out and peak at the dining room; it was clear that he was concerned about his guests and wanted to make sure people were enjoying the food.  For a chef to have his skill and still behave that way after they have "made it big" is really special.  I can't wait to return to Laurel and follow Chef Elmi's career.Answer to your first question: Yes. You should try to get a reservation here and eat the food. It is worth the wait. 
Or maybe you're like me and had made up your mind to chase Laurel reservations a couple months in advance of the first available table and just want to know more about the dishes. Answer to questions about dishes: the menu changes based on which produce and proteins are fresh and available, so delving into each specific dish may not be relevant to a Yelper reading this now in anticipation for a November table. However, some general observations are as follows ... 
In total, we had 7 tasting menu dishes and 1 add on gnocchi, and the amount of food was just right. Each dish is small, but not getting stuffed too early allows you to savor each one fully. 
The freshly baked bread with mushroom butter is the definition of umami. I would be happy to have just that combination for breakfast or lunch everyday for the rest of my life. Chef Elmi does seafood very well, and each seafood dish was balanced, subtle, yet flavorful. The tasting menu had some creative concoctions like shaved foie gras with homemade walnut granola that surprised me in terms of how well the unexpected combination of flavors worked. Most importantly, these dishes carry a lot of soul.
After having dined at many great places in Philly and beyond, I have concluded that Chef Elmi is a culinary version of David Foster Wallace. The creative product is brilliant, and in a DFW-like fashion the Chef maintains a humble and quiet aura as he serves each table a dish or two personally, letting his food speak for itself. Tasting his menu, you can tell that he puts a lot of care into each dish and is entirely devoted to his craft. And like DFW's writing, there is a realness about the food that is compelling, even if not understood by everyone. The simple decor and the small BYOB aspect of the restaurant fall in line with this: the restaurant focuses on food rather than fancy flourishes in the ambiance, and the small size allows for excellent quality control, precision, and perfection. 
No, this is not a place to see and be seen. No, there is no white glove service or sommelier (you can only blame yourself for bringing a bad wine). But yes, if you are ready for a dining experience that, true to Philly roots, lacks pretension while offering amazing food, you should make the effort to give Laurel a try.What a fantastic dining experience with great friends and delicious wine ( our own) of course. Happy to be here with them for a bitDespite, the 3 month wait for this place, it was worth it. 
Small atmosphere, but acoustical panels on the ceiling, which allow for intimate conversations. Minimal design, mostly just white walls with crown moulding and sconces. There are only about 11 tables, which explains the difficulty in getting a reservation. 
I went here with my mother, and we were one of the last people to arrive for a 6:00 dinner. From my observation, Laurel gives about 2.5 hours for every guest. From when we sat down at 6:00, and when we left, no one else new had walked in. This truly made everything more calm, and personal. 
As everyone mentioned the food is delicious. I was skeptical at first with the small portions, but I walked out of there full and satisfied. We opted in for the wagyu and it was fantastic. It just melts in your mouth, words can't even describe. Nick even greeted us to grate salt on our dish :) *starstruck
If i had to say one flaw, it would be the little bite of rice krispie in the dessert tasting. The raspberry was sauce/ something was very tart, almost wiping my appetite. However, that level of sourness could have been used to balance out the sugary sweetness of the rest of the plate. 
Overall, great service, great food, great intimate atmosphere... Go make a reservation now for the summer 2017!Amazing. Do yourself a favor and just go! The reservations open two months in advance, so if you want to go on a Friday or Saturday night, you should probably book as soon as you can. If you don't mind going on a Tuesday or Wednesday you can probably get a reservation a couple of weeks out. The restaurant is small and intimate. It's a 7 course tasting menu for $85. BYOB. The food was excellent.  I am a French food fan who has been to the most lauded French restaurants in Philly (and elsewhere). In one night, Laurel has eclipsed many of my favorites. The gnocchi, the snails, the peking duck, the wagyu beef... every last bite was pure heaven. The service was spot on. Sigh... I just wish every dining experience could be like this. Not only was the food delicious, the presentation was quite remarkable. An experience that will be hard to top!"I need to stop"
"Why, is something wrong?"
"It's too good. I need to savor it." 
Beautiful- In every sense of the word. From the unbelievably delicious food, presentation of the plates, atmosphere of dinning room, to the level of service, Laurel's beauty is unmatched. It is worth the two or more months of advanced reservations. 
We opted for the tasting menu (Fridays+ Saturdays) and were treated to seven heavenly dishes. Fresh ingredients combined with just awesome cooking executions. A great example and probably my favorite was the ricotta gnocchi. The flavors from pancetta and garlic infusing with the starchiness of gnocchi and pieces of sourdough bread was just to die for. Finished off with the wonderfully rich but just perfectly sweetened caramelized white chocolate pudding served with cocoa, cranberries, and puffed grains. Just yum!
With a focus on sustainability and simplicity, Nick Elmi truly exemplified through his food why he is a top chef. Thank you Nick and Christina (our server) for the amazing 3 hours. We'll be back.Lived up to the hype. Definitely one of the most delicious and memorable dining experiences that my boyfriend and I have had in awhile. The staff was exceptional- polite, friendly, attentive and extremely knowledgeable of the food. The food was nothing short of amazing. The fluke appetizer was very good (if you like citrus) but the tuna with frozen horseradish stole the show in terms of the appetizers. 
For the third (main course), my boyfriend and I both ordered the beef wagyu and it was absolutely heavenly. It was one of those dishes that you dread finishing even while you are still eating it. 
Five stars for the beautiful, unpretentious ambiance, exceptional service and outstanding food. We will absolutely be back.Vetri was excellent, but once was enough, I don't need to go back.  Laurel was excellent and I will return every time i can. Not over the Top and perfect, PERFECT service and food. best restaurnat, full stop.. :)Absolutely fantastic meal.  I'll be completely upfront - I did not know much about the restaurant and knew even less about some of the dishes I was eating.  The servers were excellent and explained everything in each dish and each course was fantastic.  My favorites were the snails and the lamb.  The atmosphere can't be beat, you aren't rushed out the door (which is amazing b/c there are limited tables and seatings probably right after ours) and the service is top notch.  Price was great for what you get.  We did not do the drink tasting with our course but next time I'd consider that.There isn't much to say other than it is definitely worth the wait!!  The food was amazing and I enjoyed every single bite.  Get yourself a nice bottle of wine and  take your time on this eating adventure.  I highly recommend that you go!Best restaurant in the city... I did the tasting menu which starts out light and refreshing and slowly moves into more substantial and savory plates.  What I loved most was that every ingredient on the plate had a significant purpose.  It's apparent that the Chef Elmi has put a lot of thought into each of his dishes- creating a perfect balance of flavor and texture into each and every bite. 
 He also delivered us our dessert and asked us how we enjoyed our meal- I have a deep respect for that, classy move Chef, classy move.One of the best meals I've had in my life!!  Seriously. French  Laundry has some competitionLaurel has won many awards and is agreed by many to be currently the best restaurant in Philadelphia. I had my eyes on it for a while and when the May reservations opened up two months prior, I was on the phone ASAP to secure my table for graduation weekend - naturally, expectations were sky high. It should be noted that they now only serve their tasting menu. Overall, the food was innovative and amazing, but unfortunately for me, lacked balance in the overall tasting menu with its heavy feature of seafood and white fish. I know that the restaurant must choose the best seasonal ingredients, but this imbalance is what is preventing me from giving them a perfect rating, as much as I really want to.
The first course was a uni (sea urchin) on a bed of kohlrabi puree with granola. Though it was only a bite, the kohlrabi beautifully highlighted the umami of the uni. The granola provided the extra crunch for interest.
The second course was a cured mackerel with freeze-dried horse radish (wasabi-like flavor), almonds, and apples. This was possibly my favorite course. The chilly sensation of the horseradish ice was a nice compliment to the fish, which was full of the salty sea flavor and without the usual stink of a mackerel. Very well executed!
The third course was a smoked cod on a potato puree with spring onions. This was delicious, but a very safe and plain dish. When recalling the dishes with my boyfriend, this was the only one we could not remember.
The fourth course was what our waitress called a restaurant favorite, a fresh ricotta gnocchi with pancetta and sourdough croutons. This "gnocchi" was very creamy and lacked the chewiness I associate with the dish. However, if you can get over that, it was a very welcome break from seafood. 
The fifth course was a Carolina Walu (white fish, sadly again), with a rhubarb sauce and nori beurre blanc. My dad very much enjoyed this dish, and it was indeed another beautifully seared piece of fine fish. This one was fishier than the others, which as a Japanese person, I welcomed but it might not be everyone's cup of tea. I appreciated the innovation of pairing rhubarb with fish.
We had a choice between duck and veal for our sixth course. I chose the duck and it was phenomenal! There was a slice of tender breast and a piece of duck heart. Both were seasoned perfectly and highlighted the flavor of the duck very well. I had a bite of my boyfriend's veal, and it was mindblowingly tender - the softest veal I've ever had. I wish I could have enjoyed the chefs' skills with meat more if they cooked these dishes so well.
Lastly, the seventh dessert course was the white chocolate pudding. This was perhaps the biggest portion throughout the meal. Though the men at the table may have been somewhat hungry with the smaller portions prior to this course, the dessert seemed to fill them up. The sour notes of the cherries and elderberries complemented the sweet pudding very well.
All in all, I really do wish I could give Laurel a perfect rating but it did leave me wondering that I may have had a better time if I had visited during the time when they had their ala carte menu!After waiting over three months to get a table, we weren't sure what to expect going into the tasting menu at Laurel.  We're used to picking from a few appetizer and entree choices, not having an entire meal chosen for us! The first course was good- not outstanding, but by no means bad, just good.  It only escalated from there- each course was simply better and better.  And we got to pair the amazing menu with our favorite wine since this fine establishment is also a BYO.  
The seafood heavy menu was full of twists- every day items (jersey scallops) and special treats (walu).  Each course was plated beautifully and flowed like a lyric into the next (cheesey, I know, but this food makes me want to wax poetic!).  
Plus, as a Top Chef junkie, it was great that Chef Nicholas served dessert himself.  
All I can say is check it out, for $80 per person it's a phenomenal deal.The food ranged from really good to amazing. Some of my favorites were the Kombu brined cobia (citrusy, tart, and sweet) and the polenta with esgargot and a sort of onion jam (good contrast of textures; intense flavors). The duck and lamb were really well cooked. The sea bass was also good, but I'm realizing I don't like sunchoke. The variety of tiny desserts were also quite good, though I didn't love the gummies. 
The price, of course, is outrageous, and I doubt I'll return. BUT, I'm glad I went once. 
We did slightly outstay our welcome - a friend was finishing her glass of wine - and they tried to politely and subtly usher us out. I'm not sure how I feel about that. 
Finally, though I was satisfied, it wasn't the most filling of meals. That's fine with me - I don't like feeling like a place is trying to use huge portion sizes as a main selling point (I'm looking at you, 4th Street Deli), and like leaving a place content but not stuffed. I know some people like to have a very full belly after spending a lot of money, though. We went next door to ITV afterwards, and one of my dining partners had one and a half of their amazing biscuits along with a plate of pork rinds. I had room for two bites and a cocktail.For the price and how difficult it is to get a reservation I was disappointed. Only one of the three waitress's were friendly. The one waitress talked very quietly as she explained each course. When I asked her to say it again she was quite annoyed.  The food was good but not great. The duck and wagu beef were good but the other courses were just ok. To spend that much money and wait that long for a reservation the evening should have been more enjoyable.I waited almost 3 months to try this restaurant and it was worth it. (we heard the hostess tell someone that they just opened up August for reservations.) We had the first reservation and was the first table there. The decor is clean with cute touches (the lights are hanging mason jars). Service was great and the food was amazing. My date and I tried half the menu. Scallops, tuna, and gnocchi were excellent. I got the beef and he got the pork and both were excellent as well. Didn't see the chef like the other reviewers but we came for the food anyway. Definitely a place worth the wait!The best and worst meal ever! The food is a true experience. The presentation is second to none. The ingredients are high quality, interesting yet tantalize the palate. 
You are welcomed into an intimate setting,  seated quickly, wine (BYOB) chilled/served quickly as you await details from the chef and your first course. 
Service is impeccable. The list of pros is endless but includes recent news of an expansion including a bar. 
The downside, long waitlist to obtain reservation and given the unusual ingredients it was difficult to determine what my husband was allergic too :( 
A rough evening but it didn't damper the experience. Get a reservation...soon!Food 5+ stars. Service -2.
I don't know where to begin. I never write bad reviews but on this I must. 
First of all tonight was a special night as we had made a reservation for 3 friends back in February.  Finally, tonight we were going to experience "Laurel" the place everyone else has given rave reviews. Unfortunately we were a few minutes late  to our 6:45 reservation and perhaps that is what set the whole fiasco in motion. To be fair we were 13 minutes late exactly. 
Upon arrival we were told by a curt hostess that there was another reservation scheduled at 8:45 but we would "still be seated" and "we would be served more quickly" so that they could "get us out". Strike One. Please say, "we want to ensure you have time to enjoy your meal as well as seat the next party at 8:45"
When asked if we wanted water one of our guests requested some lemon on the side. The waiter responded "well, I'll see if we have some in the back" Really, no lemon at a fine dining establishment? Strike Two.
He brought the water (and the lemon) so why the attitude? We were then briefed on the 7-course tasting menu. Wonderful, however we were not advised 4 months ago when making a reservation (and leaving a credit card on file) that the only available menu on the weekend was a 7-course meal. Okay....Strike Three. No advance notice 4 months ago when making the reservation of this menu requirement or its $75 pp price tag.
As the courses came out however we were overjoyed with each delectable bite. The food is right on point and worthy of all praise. Okay, maybe we can forget the immature hostess and the slightly haughty waiter at this point. This place is alright. Well...not so hasty.
All went well until the bill arrived. We start to pay and the waiter comes over, "Oh no, are my mathematics off?". It doesn't appear to be off, however he told we only received a bill for a party of 2, and we are a party of 3.  He returns with not only one bill but 2. The original bill and one for the difference. Mon Dieux!  Strike Four. 
We pay and change our 20% tip to 15%. I decide to ask for a cork for our 1/2 bottle of wine left on the table. Again, a look of horror. What? I want to take home my BYOB bottle that we only had time to drink half of. And...we had another entire bottle of white on ice  in the corner (never opened mind you). When we asked about it he brought over our first (nearly finished) bottle of white that we started the evening with. Were they really going to keep our 3rd unopened bottle and not give it back?  We grabbed it from the wine bucket on the way out and you know what, no one even seemed to notice. Somehow that comes as no surprise. 
Kudos to the Chef but we will not be back!Just came back from our first visit to Laurel and we loved it.  Have been dining at Noord a lot (love that place and everything about it!) and Laurel is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood.  The spacing between tables is superb.  The room - the old Fond - was beautiful in an understated and elegant way that perfectly reflects the intent of the restaurant.  The wait staff was friendly, helpful, and just plain good.  Nick even came out of the kitchen to ask us how everything was.  Well, it was great.  As any number of reviews have said, the gnocchi was simply world-class.  Light and elegant with the sourdough croutons adding a perfect crunch.  The cod was delicate and an exquisite mixture of subtle flavors.  But it was the poulet that knocked us out.  Elmi shows what he can do with a potentially bland dish.  It was succulent and full of flavor.  Then, add the chicken sausage and the lemon sauce and the mushrooms and you have a one-of-a-kind experience.  We will be back for this dish.  And I haven't even mentioned the dessert.  The white chocolate pudding - words almost fail me.  It was so subtle and fun, with cookie crumble on top.  Overall, this is a total Wow!  An elegant and thoughtful place where exquisite dishes are presented without pretension.  The room was beautifulLike most diners of Laurel, our reservation was made 2 months in advance for a weeknight dinner.  Having almost all 5 star reviews, and rated as the #1 restaurant in Philadelphia, we were sure this was the safest bet for a memorable dinner out.  Unfortunately, we were very disappointed with our experience.  Read on to understand why.
    Our night started off fairly well, we were seated 15-20 min after our reservation.  The restaurant is a small place so it was totally understandable. We brought an excellent napa cab to complement our dinner.  After being seated our wine was opened and poured and bread and butter was served.  This would have been great except that a table nearby with a cheaper wine was offered a decanter right off the bat without any request.  We were not even offered the option which was a bit off putting.  So note to servers, don't assume someone's wine should be decanted based on their appearance or age, ask if they would like it decanted.  The rest of our service was fine, but that exchange rubbed us the wrong way.
    As for the food, I am shocked by all the amazing reviews.  Did someone else make the food for our table? As we were eating almost everyone was making another reservation on their way out.  W'ere we in the twilight zone? I wouldn't eat at Laurel again based on our experience.
    The arctic char and duck cossulet were both very good.  If we would have had only those two dishes this restaurant would be a solid 4-5 star in my book. However, everything else we ordered was merely adequate to bad.  At $16-34 per course, and overall $ 150-200 for a dinner out for 2 you expect amazing, and what was delivered outside of the two stand out dishes was shocking.  Spending top dollar for great food is very rewarding, but nothing sucks more than paying a lot for a disappointing dinner. 
     Biggest shocker of the night, the gnocchi was straight up gross.  Slimy little pillows that disintegrate as soon as they enter your mouth. The texture combo was off putting. Slimy snot with pancetta bits is the best analogy. The fluke was fine.  The fluke quality was great but the flavor was raw fluke and lime, nothing mind blowing there. The duck was adequate, but overpriced for the amount of duck you get... maybe 1/3 of a duck breast. The pork; gross.  I could go on but you get the point.  
     You can see what the chef is trying to do here with textural and flavor combos. However, for a dinner for two in which 8 dishes were ordered, you can't have only 2 good dishes, 1-2 passable dishes and the rest only edible because you know how much you paid for it.  For restaurants of this level in Philly you expect so much more. Sbraga, Serpico, High Street, or Ela are far superior to Laurel if looking for a high end inventive meal.  
     Nick Elmi seems like a nice guy, and coming out to say hi is a nice gesture, but kindness doesn't get me my hard earned money back. We really wanted to love this place but it was such a letdown.The Chef is an artist and a genius. 
Each plate and bowl was custom ordered/designed by the Chef such that every minute contour of the dish was calculated in the pouring of a sauce or plating of a meal. For instance, if the bowl had a tiny nook in it, that nook was designed to hold sauce; and if the plate was slightly, one degree, concave it was because the plate was designed so that the sauce would culminate in the center. 
What I'm saying is that every shred of your experience is calculated. It feels as if every tiny grain of salt has a purpose, and the dish wouldn't be perfect without it. And the dishes are perfect. 
It's not worth your life savings if you simply can't afford it. It IS just food, and at the end of the day you can get an excellent meal for much cheaper. But if you are looking for an experience, an artisanal experience, and you don't mind splurging a bit then definitely, Laurel is worth every penny.Just got home from a really special night at Laurel. If you can, get 3 good friends to join you and order everything on the menu. We did that tonight and it was perfect. We boarding-house reached over each other to try every dish and pretty much everything was surprising and delicious. 
There were a couple plates I would have licked clean if I didn't have manners. That would be my only complaint. The spoons didn't allow me to get all the broth down to the last drop. 
I'm so glad this restaurant is in my neighborhood. They are doing it correct; great, gracious, unpretentious service, a comfortable atmosphere and delicious food. I'm saving up for another visit ASAP.
I really appreciate the personal service and care Chef Elmi and his staff gave us tonight. Thank you for a really great birthday!Nick Elmi really nails it at his new, tiny BYOB.  
The chairs, first of all, are the most comfortable seating I've ever experienced in a restaurant.  And there are only about 24 of them, so it's as cozy as can be.  Our server, Alice, was also the manager, and she was an absolute delight the entire night.  And of course I will admit it's pretty neat to watch Top Chef and then have Nick Elmi drop a dish or two off at your table.  
The food was just exceptionally good, all the way through, and every plate was a little work of art on the table.
- Fluke with Asian Pear:  A bright combination which I've never seen before, the fish and Asian pear highlighted each other perfectly, and a (mild) horseradish yogurt made it sing.  A light, balanced start that set the tone for the rest of the meal.
- Ricotta Gnocchi with Pancetta:  Tiny little fluffy pillows in a little bowl, with tiny crumbled sourdough croutons adding some serious crunch.  Creamy and cozy and salty... I could have eaten about 5x the serving size.
- Foie Gras Terrine: A gorgeous slab of foie gras terrine, marbled with stripes of cocoa.  It was one of the most unique foie experiences I've had, with the bitterness of the cocoa cutting through that rich heaviness, a job usually left to the sweetness of fruit.  Very interesting and quite good.
- Trout, Burgundy Snails and Black Quinoa:  I like trout a lot, and this one killed it.  Perfectly cooked, melt-in-your-mouth fish with a crispy skin, plus black quinoa and some burgundy snails (which I only got one of thanks to my overzealous fiancee!).  Fishy and delicious.
- Poulet, Meyer Lemon Reduction:  What a dish.  Chicken is an underrated dish, and this one, like Parc's version, shows just why.  Laurel sends out two juicy, succulent slices of breast with crispy skin in a vivid meyer lemon reduction that made me wish I had the whole bird.  Add to that a single house-made chicken sausage of thigh and leg meat, which was like the most highly-elevated version of a chicken nugget ever made.  Trumpet mushrooms balanced out the plate.
Laurel has my vote for a return visit, and hopefully very soon!We just enjoyed the chef tasting for our anniversary dinner.  It was perfect from beginning to end.  I was expecting to enjoy this restaurant and I wasn't disappointed. The food is the star of the show but the service deserves just as much attention, Az was a fantastic server, a master of his craft!  If you're lucky enough to eat here then do it!Underwhelmed....
After waiting two months for a reservation and awaiting a Top Chef meal, I was sadly disappointed. 
I wish I dined with many of the reviewers who have rated their experience with 5 stars. My evening didn't come close.
The much-awaited  gnocchi had perfectly crispy pancetta but was the consistency of porridge and overly salted.
My pork entre was served at room temperature, not even warm. The cheek and belly were both tasty, but I could hardly chew the loin.
I related this to the server, but nothing was done to correct the situation.
In my opinion, Laurel is overpriced and overrated.
I am much more "Fond" of the restaurant down the street.Often when dining in the high end range, there is a lot of pressure.   Not just for the staff at the restaurant, but for the diner themselves,  one has to prepare for a fine dining experience.  I feel being in the right mindset, being prepared, (having good wine, making the res for a good time on the right day,), i feel all of these things can set up success "  " from the beginning.   Now don't get me wrong, at the end of the day, the food and the service is all that matters, but as diners we can help ourselves out and the places we visit by doing our part so that all together, the diners, the hosts, servers, chefs, etc.. can all do what they do and just let the symphony begin.  Well I was seated front row at the Philadelphia Philharmonic last night at Laurel in a cozy spot on East Passyunk Ave on a cold damp night and witnessed and was a part of a visceral symphony like none that had ever come before.    
At first glance, the dining room is sparce, clean and on the smaller side, cozy some might say, (i love these types of rooms, i'm not there to be awed by your walls or your expensive paintings, im there to do damage). The service from jump was so warm and helpful, my dining partner and i had some old beautiful wine with us, our host made sure to take her time and to open it properly and helped us ease in to the madness to come.   As the wine began to breathe and we settled in to look over the drink menu, we sat back in our extremely comfortable dining chairs (Biig time plus!) and readied ourselves for what was to come... 
This is a pre fix menu and you are totally putting yourself in the chef's hands, and honestly i think it's the best way to dine, IF, the chef knows how to pace the meal and IF the chef knows how to not kill you with going overboard.   This Chef is a total pros pro, you can see he is someone who truly cares about the customer experience and in every possible way.   An amuse arrived first, and then the 8 dishes began to hit the table paced out beautifully, never feeling rushed, never having to wait too long for the next.  There were many hit songs played, we had never heard them on the radio anywhere before! The cocoa cured foie, the scallop, the venison (possibly the greatest dish of my life) , gnocchi so small and beautiful with a generous snow shower of fresh black truffles shaved by the Chef himself, (gasp), the wagyu, honestly there were more and i should name them all but i won't.  And they will undoubtedly change and wouldn't you want them to, this man and his team, they are artists, their medium is food.
  I haven't seen or eaten food this exciting ever.  Never in Philly, that's for sure.  I'd been wanting to get in here for quite a while and this was building for a time, making the decision to go here, to step into a "new and unknown" level of culinary whatnot in our town and in general... I never believe in rankings or ratings and judging one place against another, its silly, i just like to read what everyone has to say and then go and make my own judgement for myself.     I don't feel you can hear someone else's review of a book or a movie let a lone a dining experience and really get any feel for whats going on, you gotta try it yourself.  If you love spectacular food, and spectacular service, and if you want you have your mind bent back in the process... Go to Laurel, you won't be disappointed.  5 out of 5 (hee hee), there should be a 6th.Chef Nick Elmi of course is a huge celebrity now that he's of Top Chef fame - but none of the notoriety gets in the way of an exquisite experience at Laurel. It's one of those places that when you walk in, you know you're going to have an intimate night with the food, the service, and the ambiance. I'm glad I got here in its opening weeks, because it's going to be impossible to get a reservation here. If there's one criticism I have, it's that the music just did not go with the overall vibe of the restaurant - would have liked more of a W Hotel music feel - ambient music like Thievery Corporation, etc. I saw a woman at another table singing along with a Beatles song - ugh. Putting that aside, we'll definitely be back to one of Philly's best new restaurants on the hot E. Passyunk strip.True foodie - this is the restaurant for you. Wow. The only thing that I did not care for was the wolf fish that my husband ordered (on account of his pescetarian diet); I had the Peking duck, so I win. The combinations of flavors and textures in each dish was genius. It reminded me of Talula's Table in Kennett Square. If you love Laurel's tasting menu then you will love Talula's Table, too! Ps - the BUTTER that came with the bread though. I think I remember hearing the server say that it was either a maitake or shiitake mushroom butter. I would have licked the ramekin if it were socially acceptable. 
The service was fantastic. Our group's table was not ready, as we arrived 15 minutes early for our reservation. We decided to bop over to Townsend for drinks while we waited. The hostess took a cell phone number and called us when the table was ready - very cool. The server was upbeat and down-to-earth and the opposite of pretentious and haughty. 
I'm so happy with my experience!
I recommend.Excellent. 
Never liked foix groix before but they made it in such a unique fashion/preparation that it actually melted in my mouth and tasted amazing on the background of oat crumble (melted bc the foix was frozen and thinly shaved). 
Hard to get a reservation but jump at the chance to if you're lucky enough. 
Would certainly come back. Hopefully they rotate their menu so we can try more creative dishes!I had the pleasure of going here this past Saturday with my lovely girlfriend. She wasn't in the best of moods when we went but I don't think I can blame that on the restaurant. A friend of hers gave us her reservation that she had made 3 months prior. Let that be a lesson to you, don't plan anything that far out, you should be growing as a person and you shouldn't be into the same things you were three months earlier. 
Anyway, where was I ? Oh right mad max, such a great movie. I heard tom hardy and chalize Theron didn't get along on set but apparently they are true professionals because you would never tell there was tension on set.  Wow great movie 5 popcornsWe went Tuesday for Opening Night.  Our meal was uniquely delicious, and we found the service to be wonderfully pleasant.  We were actually thanked multiple times for coming in, which i found to be very charming.  Laurel will certainly be a great addition to the Philadelphia Restaurant scene.  We will certainly be back.  The gnocchi is out of this world!Best meal I have had in my life. I was so impressed by chef Nick Elmi's creativity and finesse. My friends and I sat down for the Friday 7 course tasting menu, which is the only way I would recommend dining here or else you'll seriously be missing out. 
1) Yuzu infused fluke - light and refreshing, a completely unexpected pairing. 
2) Albacore tuna with horseradish - the magic of when the frozen horseradish turns into a cream and the crispy apple pair was where we all realized we were in for the best meal of our lives. 
3) Duck confit cassoulet with espumma and quail egg- feels like elevated comfort food that you want to never end
4)  Ricotta gnocchi with panchetta - the dish you wished had jumped out of the TV into your living room while watching Top Chef, the gnocchi is beyond melt in your mouth 
5) catfish with cauliflower puree - there are no words for this dish - it's delicious. 
6) beef cheek - I forget the pairings here, but this was the one dish we didn't adore. There was something going on with the sauce that didn't sit well. The beef cheek was moist and tender, cooked perfectly
7) white chocolate pudding with dehydrated chocolate cake and elderberries - the perfect decadent end to the meal + coffee is a great palette cleanser
I am will be calling soon to make a reservation for my next visit, can't wait for Nick Elmi to continue to evolve, I'm excited to see where he will go next.If you are a true foodie you will love it here. For people with more of a meat and potatoes palate don't bother because you'll be disappointed. Food was delicious and of the highest quality. Service and presentation top notch too. Everything was cooked perfectly but standout for me was the fish and the desert.When we walked in, we were very surprised with the ambiance. The lighting was very bright, too bright for a romantic-ish spot. I would expect it to be on the dimmer side. The decor was pretty much non existent besides the cute tufted white chairs. Seemed sparse.
Food wise though... every dish was impeccable with the plating and the interesting flavor combinations. We added the additional $55 wagyu beef. I couldn't decide between the beef or the gnocchi since the gnocchi seemed to be a bit hit with reviewers but the BF chose the beef. What an excellent choice!!! It melts in your mouth. mmMmMMmm.
Each dish was very small but I was so full towards the end of the meal that I was giving my BF half my dishes. He was happy since he has a bigger appetite. He walked out being pleasantly full. It was a total of 10 courses - favorites included the coconut sorbet palette cleanser, wagyu beef, chocolate pudding, crab and corn, foie gras.. and whatever fish they used. 
Our waitress was amazing. I wish I had gotten her name! I do agree with other reviewers about other staff members though. When they dropped off our dishes, they were distantly polite - it kind of made the process awkward. No smiles - just gave us our dishes and recited what it was. Some of them spoke very softly so we would just sit there, smile and say thanks with no idea as to what we were about to eat. 
Overall, 4 stars because while the food and our waitress were amazing, for the price we paid for the meal, there is room for improvement. 
Also, I booked the reservation a month prior for a Wednesday night 9PM spot! I'm glad I was able to try it out. The chef also came around to say hi and see how we were doing.It's been about 6 months since we first dined at Laurel.  We went on their 2nd night open before Elmi won Top Chef so back then you were able to get a reservation.  The trick to not having to wait for 3 months to go is to follow them on Twitter, they regularly post when they have table that become available for the night.  I saw that they had a few tables available and gave them a call and was able to get an 8:00 pm reservation.  We arrived a few minutes early and we waited just under 10 minutes for our table because the people before were just finishing up.  The entire place has 24 seats and just like any other small popular restaurant there might be a time when you need to wait just a few minutes for your table.  Once we were sat our server was very warm and friendly.  The service at Laurel is quite good and isn't overly attentive.  The menu is divided into 4 sections, 1, 2, 3, and 4 and you are encouraged to order something from each section.  
I am just going to make a declaratory statement before I start going over what we ordered.  The food here is just stunning, since our first time at Laurel the menu has undergone some changes and revisions and it really reflects on how Elmi is maturing and experimenting with new tastes and flavors.  He has an uncanny ability to marry different flavors from different cuisines almost flawlessly to the point where you don't understand why they weren't always put together to begin with.  
Everything was amazing, awesome, phenomenal, exquisite, and any other adjective that I can come up with.  In my previous review I didn't take any pictures because of the light but this time I did and I tried my best to make them look presentable.  I did use the flash once but I couldn't bring myself to do it everytime.  
1st
-Peeky Toe Crab, Maine Sea Urchin, Smoked Trout Roe with Melon and Yuzu Potage - This is a must get if it's on the menu, 
-Yellowfin Tuna, Horseradish, Shallot, Pear, Yogurt - Again amazing, fish was super tender melt in your mouth, you cannot go wrong here
2nd
-Butter Roasted Florida Shrimp, Shiitake, Pumpkin Seed, Citrus Blossom
Vinegar - Very well balanced dish and the shrimp went perfectly with the mushrooms, I will now be cooking mushrooms with shrimp whenever I make them
-Artic Char, Pickled Mustard Seed, Jalapeno, Ponzu - Woah, this was ridiculous, another must get if it's on the menu, the char was again melt in your mouth
3rd
-Berkshire Pork, Asparagus, Hickory Nut Pesto, Citrus, Pumpernickel - Pretty much awesome prep here, it's pork 4 ways every one is stellar
-Niman Ranch Beef, Onions, Idaho Potato, Maitake, Merlot - Cooked perfectly medium rare and again it's a flawless execution, the potatoes that come with it are amazing and have an almost sweet yogurt taste to them, very interesting but compliments the beef well
4th
-Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding, Malt, Puffed Grains - For those of you who were at The Garage when Elmi was there this was his dessert, it's a winner everytime, get it
-Yuzu "Curd", Rhubarb, Coffee, Meringue, Hibiscus - Super interesting dessert, has sweet and sour notes that hit you at different times which is awesome and very tasty I am a strong buy on this
All in all you can't go wrong with Laurel, whatever you get will be expertly executed and you won't be disappointed with the experience, I can't wait until the next one.*REVIEW CONTINUED*
Before dessert, the Chef came out to see how we enjoyed the meal. I'll just say that Chef Elmi is just as humble as he seems on TV. For more insight, feel free to check out the blog! 
Chef's Daily Selection of Cheese [$9]
Tarentaise, Madurat, Forest Honey
We couldn't help but get the cheese plate. A selection of two cheese were offered including Tarentaise, which is a farmstead cheese, meaning that it's produced from the milk from herds on the farm where the cheese is produced, primarily by hand. Though a semi-soft, the nutty flavors were reminiscent of gruyere and complemented nicely by the sweet forest honey. The GF and I are suckers for goat cheese and the Madurat had all the flavors in spades. Even the "ash" rind was enjoyable and the sweet, creaminess of this mild goat cheese had subtle hints of the innate acidity of the goat's milk. It was perfect to spread on the crusty, buttery cinnamon raisin bread. 
Citrus "Curd" [$8]
Chicory, meringue, Buddha's hand
We also ordered the citrus curd, which was definitely more my style than the GF's. I prefer desserts that aren't overly saccharine and while the buddha's hand added citrus notes in both flavor and scent, the curd wasn't overly sweet. The meringue offered a lightness which was a great bookend to the meal. 
Chef Elmi's Laurel recently received three bells from Craig Laban, but I wouldn't be surprised if a 4th was in order. The entire meal was well-paced and our server Grace was extremely knowledgeable and attentive. Dishes were well-executed, well-seasoned, and most importantly, delicious. If the restaurant wasn't Top-Chef certified, I would still return for a great meal. The fact that it's a BYO is simply a bonus. Pro tip: if you're having trouble getting a reservation, there is a wait list and the occasional cancellation. So don't hesitate to call. Also, do order dessert. There's a high probability that if the Chef is in the kitchen, he'll come out with the dessert to see how the meal was. Because really, it's not the celebrity, but how his food is received. As it should - that's what appears to matter.After partaking in the Laurel experience a handful of times, including one stint at the garden table, which was my favorite, I have finally gotten around to a review. Despite all of the press, part of me feels like a review of Laurel will allow others into what feels like our own special place. The intimacy of the space, the pride and care of Chef Elmi and his staff, and the bright, fresh flavors of the food are transportive.  We could have been anywhere in the world, but it made me happy to know that this gem is part of my city! Go. Be open minded. Try everything you never thought you would eat. And revel in the knowledge that you are experiencing something very special.The pleasure of anticipation is said to be at least as good as the actual visit of a restaurant, so they say, and we had ample time to look forward to our dinner at Laurel since reservations have to be made months in advance.  With that come, of course, very high expectations, and how those match up with the actual experience will determine a diner's view of a restaurant.
The food at Laurel was almost uniformly excellent, the service attentive, efficient, and very helpful.  The small place is ingeniously divided up for maximum seating but the tables are all comfortable and don't feel cramped.  An assertive kitchen smell permeated the little restaurant when we arrived (over-searing), nothing too distracting from the concise menu Laurel offers.
On that menu are fine choices.  My favorites:  Torn New Jersey scallop, sweet and rich on a bed of yuzu flavored green apple and sea lettuce.  The excellent foie gras and cocoa terrine, small but flavorful and with a perfect consistency.  The yellowfin tuna was rich but the ice cold horseradish snow on the fish did not contribute a lot (it was too mild and too icy to make nice with the tuna).  A better couple were the light ricotta gnocchi with pancetta, the airy fresh little pillows happily pairing up with the porcine crunchiness of the pancetta.  Surprisingly, this dish also worked very well as a vegetarian option, sauteed bread crumbs replacing the pancetta.  The "best in category" was the beautifully seared arctic char ("artic" on the menu) with jalapeo and ponzu - the translucent fish a pleasure to eat with the pickled mustard seeds.  Wonderful!  All main dishes were very good, I enjoyed the seared wild striped bass with its crisp skin, and the rich local beef cooked just perfectly medium rare.
The Yuzu "Curd" Rhubarb was disappointing by its lack of rhubarbness, the small strips of that tart wonder plant could not overcome the all-too sweet, creamy surroundings.  Excellent again the small selection of US cheeses.
So all-in-all a 4.5 food experience.  What makes me choose the lower ("Yay! instead of "Woohoo") category is the tininess of the plates from the first two categories compared to their pricing.  Not that I am a fan of huge plates but the scallop dish was tiny, a couple "torn" pieces, hardly enough for everyone to take a small sample.  Same for the slice of foie gras terrine, it was awfully slim for $21.  I understand that BYOB places need to make up for the lack of alcohol sales but I found these early plates to be skimpy at best.
The bread is lovely, and I cannot say enough good things about the wonderful wait staff.Believe the hype on this place!  The food and service was excellent.  Since they change the menu every season, I won't get into what we ate because I'm sure a million other people already did.  It is a pri fix menu for I believe $75 a person.  What should be noted is that I do not eat anything funky..aka no snails, no baby animals of any kind, no frog legs etc.  When I called ahead to see what would be on the menu, there were a couple of items on my no bueno list.  I almost cancelled the reze because who wants to starve when they go out?  Luckily, they said they could easily accommodate my restrictions.  They have a pescatarian and vegetarian option for each dish.  I would recommend calling in advance to let them know.  It should also be noted that although they have a full bar, it is also a BYOB and they do not charge a corking fee so yeah it may be pricy, you don't have to pay for booze.  I highly recommend!Absolutely amazing tasting menu.  Wines paired perfectly.   A tremendous spot for foodiesBefore I get to the wonderfully postive things about Laurel, a couple complaints:
The first, a very minor one, is that our table was wobbly. Not enough to be a real distraction, but at a place like this tables should have zero wobble. To anyone at the restaurant reading this, this was the table nearest to the front door.
A less minor complaint echoes the concerns of another reviewer: the music. The music was TERRIBLE. Mostly 70s funk which I found quite unpleasant in this setting. I suggested to the waiter that the music didn't match the setting and he replied that the chef/owner wanted to keep a "casual setting," and also mentioned that this is the reason why the waiters didn't wear fancy garb, etc. I didn't pursue an argument but I would say that the idea that the music needs to be somehow *overtly* unsophisticated to maintain a "casual setting" is bullshit. Laurel already feels plenty casual just from the understated decor alone (which reminds me of Le Chateaubriand in Paris, another restaurant serving excellent food that also tries to avoid pretense, but does so without bad music). By extension of the idea the waiter put forth, perhaps the chef/owner would prefer to serve the food on paper plates and have diners bus their own tables. I mean we wouldn't want snobby fancy plating and presentation to give an air of uptightness, would we? I don't have anything against 70s funk per se but seriously, one of the songs playing was "Brick House" by The Commodores and it really wasn't appropriate for the occasion. Take it from me Nick Elmi, people WANT to feel at least somewhat classy when they go to a place like this. I had a "poulet with winter alliums," not "chicken with onions n' leeks" right? I hope someone there reads this and takes the suggestion seriously to change the music, keeping it to jazz, classical, and more muted contemporary selections. Actually what would really be amazing is if a place like this didn't have music at all. This is a separate discussion but as a professional musician I believe that the stream of background music we are constantly fed everywhere we go is bad for our appreciation of music, which is something that should be actively listened to...anyway they probably won't get rid of music entirely but please please get rid of the funk. I booked a table for Valentine's Day already and don't want to listen to that again. /rant
Despite my hatred of the music I simply must give Laurel five stars because the food was stunningly good, all of it. The foie gras terrine was a beautifully balanced dish and the bites I got with strong cocoa flavor were heavenly (there could have even been more cocoa). The blood orange reduction was very subtle but still came through. Everyone's raves about the gnocchi are on point, they really melt in your mouth. "Poulet" with "alliums" was perfectly cooked and presented, and outstanding in its simplicity. The chcken skin was crispy and the meyer lemon reduction was very lemony which I liked very much in this preparation. My boyfriend's selections were just as good: a tasty salad to start, followed by an amazing charred mackerel with a good dose of jalapeno, then the cod dish which was again cooked perfectly and the snails were a lovely addition.
I got the white chocolate pudding for dessert, which was just as good as other reviews have made it out to be. No less good was boyfriend's choice of the lemon curd. Service was very relaxed and even though we were there for two hours it didn't feel like the food was taking forever to come out. Laurel is of course pricey if everyone gets all four courses. Our dinner with the tip added in came to $170. However I wouldn't expect to spend much less at this kind of place and I hope they do more extended tasting menus soon.
There are a lot of places I still haven't been to in Philly but just based on this meal Laurel tops restaurants such as Bibou, Fond, Will, Matyson etc. for going the extra mile in regard to the balance, flavor and seasoning of each dish. I look forward to coming back but please change the music PLEASE. The food is too good for it!Overall this is really good. It's a bit overhyped. It is not the coming of.., but it reminds me a lot of Will BYOB.  So if you liked Will you will like this too. Inventive and creative is what they are striving for here. Menu is divided into 4 sections with the chef "suggesting you order 1 from each section."We ordered 1 from 3 sections. The gnocchi with pancetta were very good. My wife's scallop appy was raw which you would not have known nor were you told. It was however pretty good but had she known it was raw she would have chosen something else. My pork 4 ways was excellent as was her chicken. Desserts were again on the inventive side and pretty good. I had the lemon curd  with chicory which was a bit to gelatinous for my taste but it was still good.To sum it up....cutting edge cuisine, inventive, expressive, creative. $120 including tip for 2. Atmosphere and service were very good.Laurel is the hottest ticket in town right now for good reason. Located in the old location for Fond, This BYOB exudes cozy intimacy.
As usual we opted for the tasting menu. Seven courses of amazing! Let me say that I HATE, HATE, HATE mackerel, the oiliness of the fish typically overpowers anything else. The mackerel course was served with a freeze dried horseradish and was so incredibly wonderful that I was tempted to lick the plate. Any chef that can take a food I loathe and make me want more deserves a James Beard award. Another standout was the delicate but perfectly rich gnocchi. The desert was something I'll dream about for awhile also.
Great location and staff that are knowledgeable and genuinely friendly puts Laurel at the top of my culinary list of favorites.It was just OK.  The dishes were unique, but the flavors were not interesting or impressive enough to warrant the inflated price and small portions.  My girlfriend and I were shocked that we weren't blown away, but we just weren't.  If you're gonna fork over $150+ per person, you're better off going to Vetri.  If you're looking for great French, then I would recommend Good King Tavern or Townsend instead.I am a big fan of the epic basketball video game "NBA Jam" and when I left Laurel I felt like yelling "Boomshakalakka" and "He's on Fire" to all of Passayunk Street.  Best meal I've ever had in my life;  not an exaggeration whatsoever.
I ordered the mushroom soup, gnocchi and pork 4 ways.  It was the little details that made each dish great: The lemon in the mushroom soup, the pancetta in the Gnochhi and the pulled pork portion of the entree.
We talked to Nick for about 30 minutes after the meal, and you can tell he is genuinely excited to have his own restaurant.  I can't wait to go back each time I visit Thrilladelphia.  
I will have to frequent Laurel a couple more times before I put it above the epic Yangming in my restaurant power rankings, but it's off to a great start.
Go Yanks.Dined here with a friend and BYOB of wine we both got together while studying abroad. Such delicious food and friendly service. Worth it!Well worth the 2 month wait ! Incredible food and polished,professional,friendly service.Two visits by chef Nic . Loved it all but some standouts were the four gras with black walnut granola elderberry,currant and stone fruit, the ragout of snails with mushrooms and potato, the corn,crab custard with crab broth,the most amazing waygu beef,and the roasted duck breast. Will go back in 3 months when the menu changes.Great job by front and back of the house.So very smooth and professional.Loved all female wait staff.Laurel just jumped to the top of my favorite restaurants list. Not just in Philly, but anywhere. We started with the Albacore Tuna, the flavors of which were creative and worked perfectly together. You have to try the gnocci, which is surprisingly light and melts on your tongue. My husband had the pork, which he said was outstanding (I tried a bite and laughed saying, "That's too good to be food") I had the cod, which was incredibly well cooked, and I don't know how they did the skin of the fish, but I've never had fish taste so good. The white chocolate bread pudding was served by the chef himself (I always appreciate this. Such a nice touch), and was delightfully smooth complimented by the apple crunch. I sincerely think it's one of the best meals I've ever had.We went to Laurel on Wednesday night, I guess that would be the 2nd night that they were open.  We made reservations via OpenTable and were seated immediately.  The room is very nice, small, but the tables are spaced out enough so that you don't feel like you are on top of each other.  For those of you that have been to places like Mercato or Matyson you know what I mean.  Anyways everyone at the restaurant is exceedingly polite and attentive.  The service was extremely good, the wait staff was very good about being useful and not overly attentive.  Laurel is a BYO so definitely bring a few bottles of whatever beer, wine, liquor you would like.  The menu is set up in 4 parts, 1, 2, 3, and 4 and with this you can sort of create your own tasting menu by ordering from each part this is what we did.  The prices are reasonable and are similar to Will BYOB right down the street.  We started off with the scallop and the fluke crudo.  Both were exceptional, the flavors of each worked extremely well together and the cohesiveness of the dishes were definitely on point.  I was very impressed with these dishes and hoped that this trend would continue and it did.  Our second course consisted of the gnocchi and  seared mackerel.  I mean again both were extremely well executed and the flavors were all there as well as very nice textures.  For mains we went with the Berkshire Pork and the Lemongrass poached Wolffish.  Again both were extremely well executed, the pork was cooked a few different ways and was not over done which I really enjoyed.  The wolffish was spectacular, there really is no other word for it, it was perfectly cooked and poaching it cooked it perfectly while still allowing the meat to retain a nice doneness without making it mushy.  We ended with the white chocolate mousse which was very good.  All in all I would say that Nicholas Elmi has a real winner here and this will quickly become one of the staples on Passyunk and I look forward to returning in the near future.  Side Note: I normally take pictures for everyone to see but it was dimly lit in the restaurant and I didn't want to disturb everyone else with the flash from my phone.After our meal at Laurel, I had to make mac and cheese at home because I was still hungry. Do not waste your time, this place is overrated. The service was ill at ease. The server didn't explain the menu at all. We had no idea what we were being served. Actually, we weren't given a menu.  The food --what food?! The first course was a tiny piece --the size of a gummi bear --dehydrated beet. The food presentation was sloppy and even comical. The table top was sticky.  If you are going to spend that type of money for one meal --go to Vetri, better food, better service, better atmosphere.Came here for my birthday dinner. You have to make reservations 2 months In advance. It's a Byob which helps cut down the cost. The first thing I want to say is that the service is top notch, your glass will never be empty, they all were proficient in explaining the menu and making recommendations. They checked our coats, and when I accidentally left my umbrella at the table my waitress ran a block in the cold to return it to me! I know I'm an idiot, but she was great!! Now to the food. The menu was quite impressive. I started with the gnocchi which was amazing no wonder it's a fav here! My friend got the duck confeitte with poached egg on top, amazing flavor in the duck! For entrees we got the pork sausage wrapped pork belly, the pork melted in your mouth and I got the catfish with clam and coconut foam and I loved it!! For dessert we got the lemon poppyseed cake with mango gelato and the white chocolate pudding. The pudding was the star! At the end Nick Elmi came out and wished me a happy birthday which was really nice of him! Loved it! I will reccomend to all!It's hard to believe this place has been open for almost four years (Nov 2013); I swear it just opened "like, two years ago right?". I've been fortunate enough to experience the evolution in taste and creativity of Chef Elmi and his incredible crew. The food is top-notch, and the service is just as good. 
That's the key here - an extremely pleasant and accommodating staff. Without this, the meal can be ruined. Also important is good bread service, and Elmi et. al do nothing short of astounding you with what they can do with the often-overlooked, yet integral part of any dining experience (I'm looking at you pan au lait from this past week). 
Also, the garden table offers the best place to dine in the entire city. I do not exaggerate. It's private, quiet, and beautifully decorated. Added bonus: you get to see the masters at work in the kitchen (especially awesome if you're obsessed with food/cooking like I am). I think of dining at the garden table at Laurel on an almost-daily basis.
If anyone reading this has recommendations on anything remotely similar, I ask that you please contact me. 
Overall, Laurel has obviously established itself in the top ranks of Philadelphia fine-dining. The French-inspired tasting menu is always incredible. How this place hasn't caught the taste buds of the curiously-absent(minded?) folks at the Michelin guide is beyond me. But who needs them. We have Chef Elmi and his team as our guides in this wonderful and vast world of culinary delights, and to them I say thank you for always providing a consistently elevated experience.
[ Wines from the most recent dinner:
- Baldacci Pinot Noir 2013 (Carneros)
- Beaucannon Estate Cuve Louis Cab France 2009 (Napa)
Should've brought a bottle of Chenin Blanc as well, oh well. ]I went here to celebrate a birthday.
All I can say is the food is just sublime. 
I was hoping not to have a let down, being so excited to get a reservation.
The way things started, I thought, oh oh, these first two courses are very small. 
But, the evening did not disappoint. I know I have had a good evening when I am still blown away by a dish I had. Tonight, there were at least three outstanding courses. 
The first course was a wahu, it was very citrus oriented. I drank every drop of it. I forget all that is in it. 
The second was a mackerel dish, with a horseradish focused flavor. But, there were other notes of flavor that popped out, the green apple and cream. You just kept circling around those flavors. 
The first mind blowing course, Duck Confit Cassoulet. You could decipher each lovely flavor at different moments. It was dense and earthy. This was a very memorable course, and portioned just right. Any more and it would have overwhelmed.
Then came the gnocchi. It just melted in the mouth. It was cheesy and the pancetta just added a salty touch to it. The bread crumbs added some texture at times. 
The Wild Blue Catfish was next. And I am not a seafood/fish kind of person. But, this was a nice sized piece of fish. The variety of flavors abounded again. The fish was flaky and expertly cooked. It was delicate. 
The next was a Peking Duck that just makes your head spin. It had three different sauces to try, one with huckleberry a aus jus of the duck and something else. It also had duck heart. I just cannot stop thinking about the combined flavors on this. It also had some kind of hickory powder. It just kept your head spinning. 
Final course was dessert and it was a perfect end of the night. Again, a complex pairing of different flavors. It was outstanding. I wanted more. 
The service is flawless. They keep checking and get things moving along.
The location is small, only 20 seats. Clearly, this place is about the food. It does get a little loud at times. 
The only disappointment of the night, no Chef Elmi outside of the kitchen. I mentioned it was my birthday dinner thinking, maybe he will come out. No, it did not happen. Maybe, if I had a later reservation. 
Overall, this place is outstanding food. The Mackerel, Cassoulet, Gnocchi and Peking duck are worth showing up for alone. The dessert is also memorable.
The Catfish, memorable, I'm just not a fish guy.Okay, so I don't watch Top Chef and didn't have any expectations about this restaurant before dining. It appears that some of these reviews are biased upwards just because they ate at a top chef restaurant. I couldn't care less about that as I only care about the taste. Overall, I have had better. Hate to be the downer with the 3 star review, but reading these reviews below seem over-hyped. 
Total dishes tried included the Scallop (singular), Albacore tuna, mackerel, gnocchi, Niman ranch beef and the walu fish, the chocolate pudding and citrus curd dessert. 
The Albacore tuna dish was exceptional. It was raw, had bits of crusty stuff and horseradish sauce making it a fantastic combination of texture and flavor. The Gnocchi was outstanding as well. It tasted like a dish of cheese with bacon pieces.  Other than that, the rest of the food was just okay. The mackerel was very plain tasting and I think that the Farm and the Fisherman restaurant does it better.
I didn't like the beef so much that I switched with my GF. The flavor was so off (apparently the mushrooms that were cooked with it) and the meat was so fatty that it didn't appeal to me. The Walu fish was a step up, but I wouldn't order it again. The nice part about it was the pine nuts that really added to the flavor. It was a little heavier than most fish, but there was something on the plate that threw the flavor off. It was covered in this foam which I've never seen before, and it reminded me of a rabid dog.
The interior is very small with maybe 8 tables. 
Service was good and waitress was nice. 
Total dinner bill was $144 before tip for 4 courses and no alcohol. Not a bargain, FYI.
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 3 Stars
Wait Time = 5 StarsSo...I've been waiting awhile to write this review...finally!  Let me start out by saying I have always detested mushrooms...well my favorite dish was the escargot with mushrooms...this is how special this chef is...the service is superb...the staff are very personable and the interaction is wonderful...the food!  Horse radish snow!!! Come on...and it works!  OMG...then the staff quietly and efficient sweeps in removes the course and sets up for the next...each one building up to the climax of the entree which was perhaps the single best piece of meat I've every eaten...I've had bigger pieces...more expensive meals...but never better.  Bravo...Bravo...Bravo.  My wife and I were just blown away by the quality and atmosphere of This place and can not wait till our next meal thereMy boyfriend & I came here for dinner a few months ago.  I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place.  Hands down the best tasting menu I've ever had (The food parings are so creative and absolutely sublime), the staff was attentive, kind and accommodating, the ambiance was very intimate and the decor was gorgeous.  I really can't wait to go back.I was really looking forward dinning at Laurel. When we got there we were yanked in the pub next door which was noisy and full of people with shorts and flip flops. The dinner was good but the preset 7 course menu isn't for everyone and it lacks an  la carte menu. We had to order additional special of the day to makeup for what we didn't like. The duck broth and venaison were too salty. By trying to be too creative it misses the mark. Some dishes were good, some too weird, overall it was just eh!Truly fell in love with this place upon first sight. The ambiance is intimate and dark, but not stuffy and very friendly. The food -- there are really no words. Believe what you read about the gnocchi, and everything else for that matter. Not to mention its BYOB! It is hard to get a reservation but it's worth it! Can't wait to go back.The wait was long for both the restaurant and our table. The staff was friendly. My thoughts on the tasting menu; the menu was okay, the gnocchi was terrific as was the pork.  I'm not sure I'd go back since there are so many other spots, old and new, on Passyunk to try.Laurel is by far my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia !  A true foodie experience!  On the weekends the restaurant is a prix fixe chefs tasting so bring your appetite and your sense of adventure.   I was little put off by the music selection this visit (70s pop music), it ruined the ambiance.I've visited many of the top restaurants in Philly but was really blown away by this restaurant and would consider it the best so far (Vernick is a close second). Each dish felt interesting and innovative, the service was attentive and professional.Terrific little restaurant on East Passyunk. This is as good of an experience as you will have in Philadelphia. Every course was expertly prepared, served with a great explanation, and was all-in-all delivered perfectly. The food was 5 out of 5. Service 5 out of 5. The only knock I would have is while the room is cozy, its just a wee bit too small (tables are REALLY close together). There is NO privacy. 
While it is a bit expensive, it is worth every penny. We will be back (although I will request a corner table).Absolutely delicious-each of our four courses. Some of our favorites were  the roasted shrimp broth, the gnocci and the tuna. Three of us went together and ordered different dishes for each course so we could taste most of the menu. The flavors were incredible. The service was wonderful and Chef Nick came out many times and visited each and every table. He was a gracious host and an wonderful chef.If you're coming here, it should definitely for a special occasion. Getting a reservation here is super hard. It's almost competitive. Make sure you check the website and be ready to call when they list more dates. Laurel is booked months in advance. This place is super pricy but completely worth it. When I came here, I order the 7 course tasting meal. The serving was small for each course however by the end of the meal I was more than full. Don't worry about needing to go to McDonalds afterwards. The meal was exquisite and divine. The food here won't be like any other place in Philly. Just prepare your wallet before dining in here.I was finally able to make a reservation at Laurel and it was worth the wait! Laurel was delicious!!! I ate at laurel tonight (Wednesday night) so was able to order from the regular menu and not the prefix. My fianc and I ordered the duck and the gnocchi from the 2nd course menu and the trout and the pork from the 3rd course menu. The gnocchi was out of this world, a texture that I have never tasted before. The duck cassoulet was amazing! Perfect for this cold night. The pork and trout were delicious! For dessert, they ran out of the lemon poppy seed cake so we had the white chocolate pudding, which was soooo good (kind of glad they were out of the cake)! And Nick Elmi was walking around the restaurant to ask tables how their meal was. A great, small gem on Passyunk!Hands down the best restaurant I've ever been to in Philadelphia.
I don't watch Top Chef, but apparently Nicholas Elmi is a top contender this season, and when we walked up to the restaurant, he was modestly sweeping the doorstep. When my friend recognized him and said she couldn't believe he was there, he explained "of course I'm here, this is my restaurant." We ordered the tasting menu- $75/person for 7 courses. Worth every penny and more. It was inccccccredible. Best restaurant in Philadelphia.
When my brother asked for olives for his drink, Nicholas walked out the front door and went to the store to buy olives. Amazing.My sister gave us a gift card to Laurel for our wedding a year ago, having heard many of her friends raving about the restaurant. Although we were told there would most likely be items on the menu we would't like, we decided to give it a try. 
From the moment we walked into the restaurant we were blown away. The hostess was lovely and thanked us for celebrating our anniversary with them. Almost every staff member who came to our table wished us a happy anniversary, including the chef. Our first taste was an amuse bouche of pureed mustard seed, which was a delightful and fresh way to start off our meal. The first course was albacore tuna with fermented white asparagus juice. We were both nervous to taste it because neither of us eat anything raw, we were beyond pleasantly surprised with this dish. If you are going to eat raw fish for the first time, this is definitely the place to do it.
Our second course was Santa Barbara sea urchin in a sunflower truffle vinaigrette with miso fermented Pennsylvania bamboo. I seriously wanted to lick the bowl after eating this- that's how good it was. The third course was confit octopus, black curry, heart of palm, and crispy shallot. Fourth course was koi glazed red snapper and smoked mussels with a sea isle red pea ragout. We loved the fifth course as well, which was duck confit with shibumi farms mushrooms and duck egg vinaigrette. 
The best part of our meal was by far the main course: roasted and braised venison with spring herbs and roasted onion jus. It was served medium rare, which to my unsophisticated palatte looked raw, but we were blown away by the flavor and texture of the meat. Neither one of us wanted it to end. My husband loved it so much he didn't want to take a sip of his wine because he didn't want to lose the flavor in his mouth! We also chose to get the waygu beef addition, which was phenomenal as well.
We typically don't get dessert when we go out to dinner because we are always so full. However, the desserts at Laurel were perfect little bites of perfection. The only thing I wasn't a fan of the entire night was the sake farro sorbet, but my husband loved it and ate mine. We had white chocolate pudding, strawberry marshmallows, black walnut fudge in a gold leaf, black currant biscuit and chambord gummy bears. 
I was slightly disappointed that they did not have the truffle gnocchi my friends have been raving about, but apparently truffles are not currently in season. However, that is just an excuse for me to go back to Laurel to try a new seasonal menu!! It was an amazing dining experience that I highly recommend.Post holiday, my friends and I decided to have a fancy friends dinner and after checking out the reviews of some of the new spots we settled on Laurel.  I'll admit I'm a Top Chef fan so Nick Elmi was part of the draw.  In the old Fond space, the restaurant is tiny, maybe 10 tables.   The menu is set up to get three courses and a dessert, moving from raw apps to warm, and then an entree.  I started with the albacore tuna.  It was raw, sort of like chunks of sashimi, really nice and fresh with frozen horseradish and then a contrasting yogurt sauce.  For the second course, we all got the gnocchi, and the table was basically silent until we finished.  The gnocchi was so pillowy, and I totally understand why Nick won on Top Chef for that dish.  The pancetta and the croutons added a nice contrast in texture.  For an entree the cod dish was being replaced with a butterfish, and I shared that with my friend.  The fish was perfectly cooked, and the pecans with the tartness of the mild cider was a nice combination.  For dessert we shared the white chocolate pudding, it was kind of like a fancy version of dirt pudding.  It was tasty, but I would skip it and get a cheese plate.  You can tell a lot of thought went into each dish, and all the flavors were interesting and delicious.  A nice bonus is that it's BYO so you can enjoy some really great food without spending a lot on drinks.My S.O. got us reservations to Laurel as part of my Christmas present. I was thrilled to go. We've been following Chef Nicholas on Top Chef this season and have been really pulling for him. His food always looked good, but we were anxious to taste it for ourselves. 
The restaurant is located in the old Fond location in Passyunk East, and is a tidy, intimate space with big comfy chairs. There was plenty of room to get around between the neat, wooden tables. My only complaint about the decor was that the tables seemed a bit high. For someone that is 6 foot tall, I had trouble comfortably raising my elbows above the table to eat my meal. It's not a big deal, but a minor annoyance. But perhaps this was a purposeful design choice to bring the food closer to the eyes, nose, and mouths of the diners.
The menu is set up in 4 courses, a cold app, warm app, main, and dessert. On the weekends, Chef prepares a prix fixe tasting menu. I think it was ~$70 for a 7-course meal, with many options from the normal menu and some experimental dishes. Since my date and I had dishes in mind (and she has some dietary restrictions), we went with the standard menu.
I ordered the tuna crudo, ricotta gnocchi, ocean trout, and the citrus curd. My date had the scallop crudo, mackerel,  Walu, and chocolate pudding. I enjoyed all the food we had and especially loved the variety of fish options. For me, the highlights were the tuna curdo, the mackerel, and the ocean trout. The tuna was well seasoned, but still tasted of the sea and was the perfect thickness and cut. There was playfulness with a cold dish that had even colder components. The mackerel was just a bit oily and fishy (like it should be), but also had that fresh, deep ocean savoriness. Some people are a bit afraid of mackerel, but this was superb. Similarly, the ocean trout was very well cooked with crispy skin, and served over with interesting sauces. The snails were a bit bland, but the turnips really complemented the firm white fish well.
My dining partner loved the gnocchi, but I found the texture to be a bit too soft, and it didn't seem fit with the rest of the meal, which was an exercise in subtle flavors, interesting ingredients, and plays on temperature and texture. The gnocchi was very good, but it was a one dimensional delivery vessel for lots of cheese and pork fat. I also didn't love her raw scallops. I found them to be too fishy for my tastes, but that's a personal thing as scallops kinda gross me out.
All in all, the food was great, atmosphere was inviting, the service attentive and I even got a brief word in with the chef. I like that it's BYO, which really help keep the cost down. We can't wait to come back when the menu changes (hopefully in the spring)Been here twice.  The portions are tiny, yes.  I have left both times without being very full.  The food was however astonishing from start to finish.  Every single element is about as high quality and flavorful as you can get.  There is many plants and flowers used as garnish that are just impeccable and bursting with interesting fresh flavor.  Many are very bitter which I quite like.  The proteins, again, about as high quality and flavorful as you can find.  The snails are just earthy and tremendous, the scallop fresh and sweet...I have had cod that was delicious, several types of other sashimi type fish including tuna, hiramisa...the halibut was incredible...the oyster was fresh and delicious...the pork braised to perfection...the squab was like the best tasting chicken of my life...but the true star of the meal, is the kobe beef.  Hands down the best piece of meat I have ever tasted.  Rich with marbling, soft, it just melts.  I had a smile and didn't say a word for that entire final course.  
Everything else regarding the food is again just tremendous.  Probably the best mushrooms I have ever had.  The bread was delicious, and who cares about bread?  They also do a good job with texture as well.  All the intended textures were perfect.  The potato foam.  The horseradish snow.  The cured foie gras with granola.  The potato chip.  
Shoutout to the waitstaff, they are incredibly nice, knowledgeable and just sweet girls.  
If you're a cheapskate, stay away.  This is a place you come to and splurge, you're getting the highest quality ingredients made by truly talented chefs, and unfortunately they have to make a living.   
If you're not a foodie, or adventurous, stay away.  You won't understand.  I'm sorry if that sounds pretentious, but I wouldn't recommend someone listening to Bach unless they like difficult classical music.  I wouldn't tell just anyone to read Gravity's Rainbow.  Not that eating here is like reading a difficult book, but you're not coming here to fill up on meat and potatoes. 
Savor it, don't just eat it in 2 bites.Actually, this is a 4 1/2 star review. Laurel is one of the finest restaurants in the city. For BYOBers, this is a very special place, along with Bibou and Kanella. My wife Karin and I have eaten here twice. The service and ambiance are wonderful. 
The first meal was flawless. We had the gnocchi (fantastic), the foie gras (also fantastic), pork three ways and the chicken.The entrees were flavorful,creatively presented.  I can't remember the dessert but it was delicious.
The most recent meal was almost flawless. Our server was very pleasant, helpful, efficient. She decanted an aged wine very well.
I ordered the albacore tuna with shallots, sour cream, apricot and frozen horseradish, The combination was terrific: crunchy, spicy, touch of sweetness(apricot) and flavorful tuna. Presentation was beautiful. This time I ordered the gnocchi as an entree. My wife had the gnocchi app, and the Bavette (beef) with truffle crust, crisp potatoes and carrots. Presentation was also appealing to the eye. The beef dish, which my wife rarely orders in a restaurant, consisted of 4 small but thick pieces. I specifically asked our server about how the beef is cooked. It sounded like medium rare to medium, but it was just a little more cooked than raw. She sent it back but it was still a bit too raw, even for me. We noticed that another patron also sent this dish back to be cooked a bit more.I think it is a texture issue not a flavor issue. Chef Elmi did a fine job in plating after the beef was cooked a little more. I know all chefs like to cook meats as little as possible, but I think the one who orders the beef should choose how much the meat should be cooked, to a certain degree. My wife was not entirely pleased with the beef but still found the dish appetizing. The pudding dessert was terrific.  
We will return to Laurel again and again. We want to bring friends to experience this wonderful restaurant.Great!!!  Food is spectacular and service is best around.  The chef's menu was so eclectic and delicious.  Can't wait to see what is next on the menu.  It is 7 course and each one was better than the last!!!  The place is very small and only seats about 40 so get your reservation in!  you won't be disappointed.O what a night. After trying desperately to get a reservation, I finally landed one in August for October Saturday evening so my fianc and I could go for our anniversary. Words can't express how excited we were to attend. We had experienced nick elmis food at le bec fin before it closed and unfortunately missed out on his work at rittenhouse tavern. We are big top chef fans so we followed his whole journey. We arrived about 5 mins early and the people at our table weren't yet finished, so te hostess took our wine and told us to go grab a drink and they would call us when it was ready.
Off to stateside we went for a cocktail, and they called us back after that drink. Our waitress was a doll all evening. Never had to ask for wine refills or water and she was genuinely interested in how we liked everything. Fridays and Saturdays is tasting menu only, but the offered a foie dish with quince as a supplement, which we did one of to share. The portions are small and controlled but we were stuffed by the end of the meal. The food was never rushed, and paced well. It came out in the following order: 
1. Tuna with shaved frozen horseradish, apple and shallot
2. Sunchokes two ways, cooked and raw with Asian flavors and yogurt sauce
3. A play on cassoulet, duck confit, white bean espuma, quail egg
4. Ricotta gnocchi with sourdough and pancetta
5. Foie gras with quince jus
6. Walu with lobster emulsion and black trumpet mushrooms
7. Roasted beef cheek with broccoli rabe
8. Caramelized white chocolate pudding with figs, huckleberry and a crumble
I was incredible impressed with all of te dishes. They were simple and elegant but also incredibly complex at the same time. Seasoning was perfect. Execution flawless. Standout stars for me were the tuna, gnocchi, foie, walu and white chocolate pudding. 
I'll recommend this place over and over again. Yes it's worth the wait. It's small, intimate, an everyone there genuinely cares. Nick elmi will come to your table and ask you how your meal was. It's an amazing experience. Sometimes the little things make all the difference.Rightfully one of the the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Congratulations Laurel for making it on Philly Mag's # 1 restaurant. Everything about our experience was phenomenal and we cannot wait until we can return. 
We were so fortunate to make reservations for the only Monday they are open (before Christmas). We opted for the tasting menu and was so impressed
Dish # 1: my husband had the fluke and I had the beet salad. The fluke was amazing (per the hubs) and "changed his life"; the beet salad was also very nice - wonderful textures and the salt-cured beet was not overly salty. 
Dish # 2: smoked artic char was also incredible. It came accompanied with horseradish that was frozen (think dippin dots) which gave the char a wonderful kick. 
Dish #3: the duck confit cassoulet was immaculate! the duck confit was covered with pillow of white beam espuma. The white bean was so light and the duck confit was so incredible. What a wonderful experience.
Dish # 4: Gnocchi - hands-down my favorite dish of all time. The gnocchi was light as clouds and so flavorful. The contrast in textures against the crispy pancetta was so was wonderful combination. I could go for some now. The waiter was nice enough to offer us some more bread to mop up the sauce, what a nice recommendation!
Dish # 5: Catfish: cooked so well. It was a dense piece of fish but not dry at all. It was nice and flaky while being so flavorful. It was dressed with lemon-grass emulsion which not only added to the wonderful plating, but it tasted wonderful. If we were to order ala carte, this would be the entree I would recommend.
Dish # 6: Pork stuffed pork - they weren't joking, it was pork in pork on pork. so wonderful. The braised pork belly had a hint of chocolate dusting on it and who knew what a wonderful combination that would be! 
Dish # 7: White chocolate pudding dessert. From the man who doesn't like dessert, my husband would not share his and finished it! It was soo wonderful. the sweetness was cut wih some grains and cranberry. I could eat this by the tubful! 
Overall, Laurel is a must try restaurant in philadelphia. We can not wait to go back. Before I end this review, I want to commend the servers and hosts. They were very patient and so very accommodating. One waiter even ran outside, in the rain, to see if Townsend was open for a couple who wanted some post-dinner drinks. What a wonderful staff.