Delivery takes a good amount of time, but the pizza is completely worth it. Big slices of thin pizza perfect if you like to fold your slices.My friends all go for pizza which doesn't appeal to me other than fun fact that a large is the size of a small planet. BUT what I did discover whrn I needed a very quick bite, was that their Italian combo is spectacular! Flavorful and fresh, and bonus if you add hot peppers on it!I hadn't had Lazaro's since my undergraduate days and decided it was worth a trip back, now that I live about five blocks away.  It was Sunday night, and Lazaro's was sufficiently busy.
My gf and I ordered a large mushroom pizza and waited patiently in the seating area next door for our pie.  10 minutes.  20 minutes.  25 minutes I go check.  "Large mushroom?"  It's next, it's next.  We did have a pizza a few minutes later, but for a pizza this thin, waiting 30 minutes was a little long.
And I didn't appreciate the comment from the guy when I went back to get a couple of forks and knives, "next time you should order ahead, you know".  Thanks, jerk.  I will now that I know it takes 30 minutes to make a really flat pizza.  
The pizza itself - also about three stars.  The mushrooms were good, but they kind of skimped on the amount they gave.  The sauce is sweet and the crust nice and thin, just as I like it.
Anyway I'm sure I'll be back but I wish there was somewhere that stood out for me as damn good pizza.After just moving to Philly, I was excited by the large number of well reviewed Pizza joints in the area.  We tried Lazaro's 1st as it was close to our house. 
We got a large half cheese half pepperoni pie and an order of garlic knots. The garlic knots were pretty good. Less greasy than places I've ordered from in the past and definately not overdone on the garlic. The pizza was typical thin crust, but not as crispy as I would have liked. The sauce, however, was superb. It is much sweeter than any sauce I've had in the past and really had a nice zing to it. The peperoni wasn't crispy enough. 
Pretty good pizza, but I think I can find better in Philly.good tomato pie or well red pizza. 
also good chicken finger sub (with honey lettuce and tomaeters)Great pizza and better service, wish they would take cards tho, other than that, great businessi've ordered delivery from these guys a couple of times, whilst working. not only did i enjoy it, i enjoyed to the extent of OMGTHATSAGREATSAMMICH!!!!
seriously....i dig the zucchini sticks, all fried up, too.
(btw--the sammich of awesome is the veggie hoagie--eggplant, ahoy!)Pizza is great. Super thin crust. As close to NY or north jersey pizza as it gets. Delivery fee is crazy at $6 but I will pay it for their pizza. Delivery time was 30 mins less than expected which was awesome for a Friday night.I have been ordering from Lazaro's Pizzeria & Grill for years. I have never once been disappointed, and the delivery has always been very quick. Lazaro's is the only place in the city that I order pizza and cheese steaks from, definitely a great choice for any night, especially when the game is on. Thank you for the years of great food and service!I think you should prepare yourself before entering. Get out your hankie, tie your hair back, and prepare to salivate. This is what happens when you enter the haven of Lazaros. 
I have to admit to only trying their cheese and white pizza. The white pizza (classic) is what kills me. It kills me with sweet cheesy flavor. And then brings me back to life with the wafting scent of yet another gargantuan slice. You begin to sweat, dare I have another slice? Who is looking anyways? Is this a sin or can I get away with it?! All natural fears. Let me lay them to rest. Lazaros is awesome. It is best to stuff yourself with awesome so that you have awesome inside you. For the next few hours at least. Then you have to come back for more. 
Which is EXACTLY what I plan to do this weekend. Me. Lazaros. It's the only kind of date I need to have the rest of my life! 
Also, if you are complaining about the size of this food look at their name. Lazaros Pizza House. They had to get a HOUSE added for this kind of food. Because it feeds a house of people. Duh, don't hate, it's implied in the title foo!Lazaro's is decent Philly pizza.  It's thin, they use high quality cheese (which they don't skimp out on), and have a great selection of toppings.  The sauce, however, is a bit too sweet for my liking.  Another downside is that they're only open till 11PM on Friday and Saturday which really isn't conducive for drunk pizza-eating....unless you got a head start from happy hour.Besides questionable customer services. Excellence pizza. One of the best in the city. Slices are huge. Prices are very favorable. Highly recommend the bbq chicken.All I can say is their pizza is delicious and if you ever want a calzone to kick your ass, order theirs.  Specifically the veggie calzone.  It was STUFFED full of delicious veggies.  It came in a pizza box and was enormous and life-changing.
I ordered eggplant on my pizza and maybe it was just a bad batch, but it was basically fried crispy flakes on top of greasy pizza, which didn't really do it for me.  Don't get me wrong, I love the greasy pizza part - but when I ordered eggplant as a topping, and it came out as fried breadcrumbs with a hint of eggplant underneath, I just felt bad about myself.
Also, they are cash-only$2.75 for a plain slice; which is quite large. Very thin and crispy crust, for those that prefer that style. Sauce and crust have a slight hint of sweetness. A little light on the cheese.I came here with my boyfriend visiting from new york city and we were walking down South Street to look for a place to eat. We ran into this place and the pizza was pretty good. It was kind of weird that the place to sit down and consume your food was in a different store right next to the place where you order. Very strange! Other than that i have no complaints.Probably the best slice in the city.  A little chaotic in there at lunch, but they get the food out quickly. 
Their spicy curly cheese fries are also a must have.  Them, and a slice and I am in cheesy heaven.  If it wasn't bad for the waistline, I would be here every day.game 2 of the NLDS v the cardinals. phils started strong, losing their lead in the 6th inning, then falling behind come the 7th. at this time my friend informed us that we needed to do more than wave our rally towels from the comfort of the couch; we MUST finish the pizza.
not one to argue with silly superstitions when it comes to baseball, i obliged (despite being quite full from having already eaten two tasty thin crust plain slices along with a couple cheesy broccoli bites and a handful of fries). we each grabbed a [now cold] piece, chomping away in the hopes of a comeback.
sadly, our over-eating efforts didn't pan out. on the up side, there are way worse foods to "have to" consume than a large lazaro's pie.$3.75 for a huge slice of pizza. Large portion and good cheese to sauce ratio. Not a fan of the sauce, it's just simply too sweet and overpowering for my taste. Might be back for a steak in the near future.
One side of the building is open for ordering, and the other side is self-seating.I only ever order subs or appetizers from here but they are always really great. Be sure to check out the veal or chicken parm sub.My go to pizza place. But than Randazzos in my opinion. Slices are big here and garlic knots are good too. Only downside is it's cash only but not a big deal. Make this your neighborhood pizza place!Simply the best pizza. The slices are not to be believed big gorgeous lovely works of art. My absolute favorite!!!!!Pretty yummy pizza. Sweet sauce, thin NYC inspired crust, flavorful cheese. Cheesteak with onions and whiz was done right. 
Would definately order again.Thin crust pizza is very tasty!! We also ordered mild chicken wings and they were great too! Pretty big but flavorful. Delivery on a Friday night was just under 30 min! Impressive!
Will be ordering again!Ordered a margarita pie...."*"("Awesome(@*#& will be order another pie tomorrow....sauce was sweet, crust was good, pie didn't look fancy but the taste was there ...finished half small pie by myself and I'm generally 2 slice and done...was that good.I ordered a veggie stromboli and fried mushrooms with cheese whiz. Everything was so terrible that I have a hard time believing that anyone who works here is eating their food. The cheese whiz was so salty it was inedible (and I really like salt). The inside of the stromboli was sweet in a really unfortunate way. I would've just thrown the whole thing away if I hadn't been so hungry/exhausted. I ended up scraping out the entire filling and just eating the crust. 
I will never eat here again.Love this place!! The thin crust, the large (and I mean LARGE) slices, the quick service. This is a great place when you are craving good pizza,,Three words. BUFFALO.CHICKEN.PIZZA!!! Seriously the best thing I've ever out in my mouth. I think it's a lot faster for them to deliver the food rather than you picking it up. I say this because all the times I've ordered for pick up, I had to wait and extra 20 minutes for my pizza to actually be ready. However, it seems they move a little quicker for you when they are delivering. I'm not complaining though. I just now refuse to pick up from them.  I don't care for their salads. Don't think I've ordered anything else besides these two items. But a million and one stars on this mouth watering pie to which I've turned all my friends on!Delicious THIN pizza.  I had a plain slice, which was huge.  Next time I think a garlic knot will be a great accompany.Consistently good pizza pies delivered. Thin crust and pie has a sweetness to it. Nothing fancy just good.Picked up a 26" primavera pizza to go!  Delicious and a great deal, :). 
Only complaint is that the pizza took kind of a long time.. Although while waiting they were very cool. And they get lots of business, so the good is fresh!Best pizza we've had in Philly. Good thin crust with amazing sauce! We've tried a lot of different places in Philly and Lazaro's has become our go to.Stopped in here for a few slices to-go after work. Didn't realize the slices were GINORMOUS! The size does not compromise the taste. I had two slices of plain cheese ($5.50) and it was delicious. Cash only!You want a good f#%ing pizza? Lazaro's has it. Jumbo slices. Really great sauce and cheese on their pizzas. Service is fine. Def my new go-to pizza place in Philly.I was so very hopeful when I ordered Lazaro's last night after reading the great reviews but alas, the pizza was not that great. It was limp, very greasy, and tasted a little off. I also ordered the garlic knots which were just balls of bread minus any garlic. Heartbreaking. Kind of like the time when I was 12 and found out that Santa did not exist (I believed in Santa Claus for an awkward amount of time). I will not rest until I find great delivery pizza in the Rittenhouse area. This just isn't it.I used to be a local but now, living in DC, I miss my philly pizza.  I stopped in at Lazaro's on a whim, hungry and with few options open on new year's.  I wish I had just kept going! I really don't understand the positive reviews of this place.  My slice with basil and fresh mozz was completely tasteless aside from the overly sweet sauce.  The dough is not even close to the chewy, flat and delicious crust I associate with philly pizza.  Lazaro's is airy, worst I've ever had. My s.o. had stromboli and it was just folded over meat pizza. Again with the sweet sauce and airy dough.  Not worthy of being called stromboli. Cannoli, don't even get me started.  Disappointment all around.Pizza smelled amazing but cheesesteak was recommended  Apparently the person who recommended this cheesesteak had never eaten one before... Garlic knots get an A, perfect flavor, fresh, 3 for $1.50; cs gets a C from me, B from SO - came out soggy, canned shrooms, cheese not evenly distributed but roll was tasty, meat was juicy, peppers were good. Def coming back for pizza at some point in the future.  Odd store front, though - order on one side, then go outside and in another door to sit where they bring you your food and you can eat.  Works for me, but odd.Great pizza. Huge slices. This is one of my go to places for sliced in Center City.   Maybe the only pizza place in the area to make a double decker pizza.Lazaro's pizza is great pizza for a great price. Great customer service too!! Once ordered a pepperoni pizza and it arrived slightly burnt. I called back and let them know about it and they surprised us with a brand new pizza! This is my go to pizza joint!They have great pizza, great cheese steaks, and great desserts. Their pizza sauce is on the sweeter side, but sometimes that's what I'm looking for. They take a little longer but now that I know to expect that I don't mind it. Their only problem is they only accept cash! I rarely carry cash so I always have to be sure to make a trip to an ATM first.There was some confusion on my order, but they promptly sent me a second pizza with the correct toppings without any trouble or hustle. The pizza was great, fresh and with tasty tomato sauce. Recommended to others and will be getting pizza from here againNot what is use to be, no cheese on my cheese steak-  (where is the cheese????), weird staff, speaking in Arabic laughing  - obnoxious to the customers!! What happened to the nice Italian pps that use to work there- they new how to make pizza and cheesteaks.. and how to treat customers with respect!!!! I'm soo disappointed, will never go there again. One attribute- their fries are good.Worst customer service and extremely rude over the phone. Their pizza is not God's gift to earth for them to be so aggressively rude to anyone,when I simply was inquiring about my order after it was over an hour late. And I live 5 minutes away.
So if your looking for terrible service, please go ahead and try this place! I'm sure they will deliver you with the same pathetic service I received.A large pie is 18". The crust is delicious. The sauce is sweet and tangy.
Other foods like greek salad with chicken, buffalo wings, calzones always excellent.
Service is good and delivery is offered to the neighborhood. Lazaros pizza is the very best in Center city, maybe the Whole City.Today was the first and last time that I will ever go to Lazaros. Out of hunger and a craving for pizza we headed to the closest place around and ended up here. The place was really busy, which I took as a sign for some great pizza but I was very disappointed. My friend and I ordered a sausage pizza with green peppers and there was nothing special about it. The sausage wasn't very good and just tasted as if they had come prepackaged and frozen, the cheese and sauce were just okay, and the dough was just eh.The layout of the restaurant is just plain odd (they should really consider putting a better connection from the dining room to the main room). They also never offered us plates or utensils, which is just odd. I was a bit taken aback by all of the positive reviews of this place because it really was nothing special. I guess if you're in the mood for something quick and cheap this is the place to go but it's not a restaurant that I would visit again.Worst pizza I've ever had.  We got half cheese and half supreme and it was soggy and bland.This is our "I'm too tired to cook, what should we order?" place.  Our favorite is the eggplant and tomato.  I love the thin slices with crispy crust, although it is true that the sauce is sometimes a little too sweet.  When I need some comfort food, I order the eggplant parmesan sandwich, so cheesy and flavorful with awesome bread.  The chicken parmesan is definitely not as good (the chicken is like the processed chicken finger type).  The delivery is fast and the guy who answers the phone is always nice and says "you got it" :)Finally ordered some full pies - delicious as expected. The wings, on the other hand, were kind of disappointing. There was a good amount of meat, and they were crispy, but I like them swimming in sauce. These were pretty dry (not the meat, just lacking in sauciness), but not bad enough to drop a star.
We also recently had the chicken and spinach wrap (super cheesy/garlicky) and Greek salad with grilled chicken strips (very good for a pizza/sandwich shop). I'd recommend either if you're looking for a quick fix.BEST PHILLY PIZZA....forget Lorenzos, move up the street and go Lazaros. Don't believe me?...let me tell ya a story about a guy we''ll call him  Josh( thats what his mother named him)  He is a vagabond... he might be in prague or echo park. He might be dead, until your phone rings"Hey i'm in philly"  Josh blows into town a couple times a year and when he is here he would eat Lorenzos pizza every day. josh digs pizza! so a couple weeks ago i have over the house and we order Lazaros, giant slice of cheesy pizza love...result "F**K lorenzos " says Josh.I am a pizza fan. I tried Lazaro's after reading all the reviews. The large slices are great and a good amount of cheese to cover every inch of the slice. The sauce was a bit too sweet for my taste. Also, I loved that it was a very thin slice just wish it had a crunch to it, it was more so soggy. Over all it was ok and if I'm in the area I might go back. But I have also had better.Classic slice well worth the few singles. Dig the toppings availability, and during the day they usually have a soccer game on in the empty room next door. Lazaros far superior to LorenzosWhatever, son.  Yo shit is cheap, but your sauce is waaayy too sweet.  And your delivery dude left me an expletive laden voicemail just because I passed out before my food was delivered.  If he had called me "you fucking drunk" instead of "you fucking bitch" I might kick up the extra star...Amazing pizza, sauce, garlic knots, speedy delivery, reason a  5 star was not given. Placing order difficult. Phone rang and rang. Hung up called again. Placed delivery order with a rude Arabic man.Delivery brought me a pretty soggy and unappetizing pizza.  Although the ingredients were fresher than Dominoes or Papa John's, the price wasn't right for what I got.  Maybe pick-up would prove worthier of their high ratings?If you live in Center City West, this should be your go-to pizza joint.  Huge slices (or huge pizzas if you're with friends) with a slightly sweet and unique sauce and a deliciously thin crust.  I also have to say that when I am in the mood for wings, I call Lazaro's.  Their wings are HUGE and their buffalo sauce doesn't taste like the watery run of the mill crap you get at most pizza joints in Philly.  It has some zip to it and goes great with their meaty wings.  They also have a very nice (and cheap) garden salad which is big enough for 2 as well as pretty good chicken fingers (try em buffalo style!) and fries.Super fast delivery and an OK pizza, but I didn't like the sauce because it was sweet. I prefer more authentically Italian pizza with a sauce that has some oregano flavor. Just not my cup of tea...Based on the other reviews, I decided to try the eggplant/tomato pizza.  Wow, it really is so good!  Fried bits of eggplant, basil, and tomato...you also don't notice the sweetness of the sauce on this pizza.  I got my pick up a bit late so the pizza was not piping hot, but it was still fantastic.  I cannot wait to get this again!!Good pizza but not great. Over killed with onions and kinda card-board like pizza but that's just my opinForget Gino's.  Pat's is gone.  Lorenzo's ~  get real.
For a real Philly cheesesteak, it's Lazaros all the way.  Perfect amount of meat & cheese.  The roll is great.  And it's a nice touch that orders are always ready in 20 minutes & they always include napkins & Heinz ketchup packets in the togo bag.  Also, there is a sitting room so you can dine in.
Slices are expensive, but worth it.  I love the white, ricotta & tomato.  Or for a real treat, they have double slices; it's two slices in one!  Get the sausage, pepperoni & ham.  
Lorenzo's is all that a steak/pizza shop should be.best pizza in all of philly maybe. also... GARLIC KNOTS!!! if pizza is Heaven, which we all know that it is, than Lazaro's garlic knots are lil doughy clouds floating in pizza heaven.This probably is the best pizza spot in Philadelphia.  Lorenzos used to be, but after the rebuild it hasn't been the same. Try Lazaros plain cheese and the buffalo chicken pizza.  If it's good enough for Monee Davis it's good enough for you. Don't be a communist, eat Lazaros.Since you asked for it - I have mixed reviews about this place. I think their pizza can be classified as either "not my style" or "bad" - the sweet sauce doesn't seem to work and I just wasn't impressed with shape, taste, texture, etc. It's also annoying that they don't take credit cards, especially for really large delivery orders (even if it was for only two people wanna fight about it?) it's god damn 2014, quit being cheap and pathetic. They also forgot my Sprite and for the first time ever, because it's Sprite, I called and asked that they bring it, which they did and were apologetic, so that's a plus. 
The reason it reaches 3 stars - the calzones are terrific - gigantic, tasty, fluffy, cheesy, meaty, this is a really good calzone, end of story.
Get the calzone or get out of town, that is all.
PS - cheeze whiz cheese fries were a solid B for delivery, that's good.I miss this place. I used to live only a 3 blocks away but now i am stuck in fairmount where no pizza place compares. I love their thin pizza. I love pizza! They do it right. I wish there was more seating but i'll get over it because there pizza is so good. I like the white pizza with tomatoes! YUM YUM!No matter how many times I've tried ordering from here, their pizza is just soggy and soft.  The thin crust is nice, but its just way too floppy.  I have even asked for it well done as others have suggested...just didn't work for me.  
On the other hand, their garlic knots are amazing.  get a dozen...now. don't wait.So if you haven't heard of the philly taco, a magazine quoted it as a 22" individual slice of Lazaro's pizza, then wrap that around a steve's cheese steak from just down the street - preferably with taco-like toppings done up on the steak.  Pretty sure it's roulette for your heart, but that's what it is.
As far as Lazaro's pizza, while I appreciate its flavor, I felt like the plain cheese is missing salt, which is probably a good thing, just not the flavor I was expecting.  Great chewy crust, tasty... Not my all time favorite though.The Jumbo pizza is hilarious, but unwieldy.  They make it because they can, not because they should.
The pizza is generally very good.  The sauce is key (I think they use cherry tomatoes because it's on the sweeter side).  
However, when I get  delivery the pizza is almost (or already) cold.
Invest in some of those insulated bags and you get another star, Mr. Lazaro.Ordered on Sunday. 7:30 PM. Delivery came in 30-45 minutes. 
We had two large pizzas: one with all kinds of veggies and sausage and another with tomato slices and cheese. 
Crust: We chose the thin kind. And it was CRISP. This place certainly wasn't trying to convince me that more dough = more food. I have my starch limits. 
Wings: Ugh. I hate these little money suckers, accompanied by pathetic pieces of slightly warm (WHERE'S THE CRISP?!) celery. And strange interpretations on bleu cheese and ranch dressings.
I don't order out often, but our total was $50 for two yummy large pizzas and 24 so-so wings + 15% tip + delivery fee. Split with 3 hungry boys and the girl-who-eats-two-slices.
But there CAN be a next time. Screw the delivering.Pretty good pizza if you're looking for something quick! Their sauce is on the sweeter side, not terrible. Adding some red pepper flakes will make it just right. Pizza slice was thin, large, and cheap. Their dining area is in the next door over from where you order, little weird but it was quiet.decent steak.  good pizza.  very consistent.  some items are threes, some are fours but you know what you will get.  also, if you want to find out the score of a soccer game that you didn't know was even being played, check out the tv while you wait to grab your food.I would say overall... I feel like "eh" about it. I ordered for it to be delivered... the pizza was nothing special or jaw dropping delicious. 
It was decent tasting pizza - oddly enough I've ordered twice the same sized pizza, same toppings (white pizza with tomato and basil).... and somehow the price changes. I wonder why that is and when I ask the guy taking the order on the phone, I get really mumbled english that's stern and at the end the only thing that is clear out of that explanation is "... So that's why, you understand?".... :-/   (uh sure...whatever)
Eh. Customer service is whatever. Pizza is decent. If you're needing a pizza place to order from right quick, that's going to satisfy your basic hunger needs but not blow you out of the water to want to order there the next day. Lazaro will suffice.Order the white pizza with tomato and basil.  You won't order anything else on the menu from then on.  For a former NY-er this is about as close as you get to home.  Thin crispy crust, fresh mozz, simple, straightforward, and good.  Do not fear the size of each slice.  It will get consumed.
Sadly, they are not open at 2am, which is the best time to eat a proper NY pizza, and they sometimes run out of the white pizza in the last hour before they close, leaving me heartbroken and hungry after work.  The other items on the menu, while tasty, do not satisfy the NY-pizza-craving in the same way.  
Mr. R, on the other hand, vouches for their cheesesteaks and will not order anything else on the menu.Went here the other day and I wish they accepted card payment instead of having us use the atm but other than that great pizza!Good spot. Huge slices are heated up well in the oven and always warmed through. The place get pretty busy so the slices are typically pretty fresh. Usually have a few specialty slices too. The dining room is next door and usually pretty empty as most people usually order out. Overall one of the better places in that area of the city!Decent pizza arrived on time. Has a nice thin crust but but pizza has a pretty sweet tomato sauce flavor, if that's what you like then you will like this place. I personally like my pizza with sauce that's not so sweet.The 26" Jumbo size is NO JOKE.  I warn you that if you order this for pick up, you'll want a second person to help you carry it back home (if you're walking).  
Got the jumbo with pepperoni and mushroom and had pizza for days.  But it's solid, delicious and leftovers keep well.  The cheese is nice and gooey and runny instead of gummy.  Decent crust although it could have been a little more crisp (nothing a minute in the frying pan at home can't fix though).
I'd say Lazaro's has a slight edge over Randazzo's right across the street, but it's not a huge difference.  Granted though, I can only comment on the pizza.Good spot. Huge slices are heated up well in the oven and always warmed through. The place get pretty busy so the slices are typically pretty fresh. Usually have a few specialty slices too. The dining room is next door and usually pretty empty as most people usually order out. Overall one of the better places in that area of the city.I'm a big fan of Lazaro's pizza. First is the size of their slices, they are huge! The pizza is very thin but I like it that way. The crust is always crispy without it being like cardboard. Their sauce to cheese ratio is spot on as well. Their sauce I believe to be an acquired taste, it is on the sweet end.  I do not care for their sausage, pepperoni or bacon as they do not serve pork. I enjoy their white and buffalo chicken the best. It is south street so don't expect to find parking easy. I will surely be back. Solid 4 stars.Decent pizza, but have had better pizza in Arizona.  Tip: if delivering to a hotel, at least bring napkins!Lazaros' buffalo chicken pizza is must try for any buffalo pizza fan.  Best (buffalo) I've had in or outside of philly.  Just about everything I've had there has been good (pizza slices are big and thin, sim& their delivery is very fast & very reliable.   Great neighborhood pizza place.
qThe sandwiches are ok, the pizza I didn't care for at all. The sauce has a sweet taste and pizza sauce should never be sweet.  Will never order pizza from here again.Best pizza in Philly! I've always gone here since I moved to Philly 5 years ago. Love the thin crust, big giant slices! The sauce tasted a little sweeter than usual last time, but I can't be mad at youYet another funky experience in Philly for an out of towner!  Ypu enter the door on your left, place your order, and if you're eating in you either take your slice over to the eating room next door (yes, you physically walk outside) or if you're getting a whole pie, they'll bring it to you!  Food is fast, staff friendly and busy!  They do tons of take out! Pizza is thin, fold it in half to eat it style. I had a combo pie tonight but need to go back for a white pie.Fantastic ! Had one delivered to our hotel. Not one bad thing to say. Came quickly and was hot. Wasn't cheap but it shouldn't be.Cheesesteak was okay. The wait to pick it up was much longer than anticipated.I love, love, love their pizza by the slice.  If you like New York style pizza and want a little grease in your life this is just the place for you.  It's extremely affordable and seems to be great no matter what I put on it.3 words for you: Chicken. Finger. Hoagie. These pretty much got me through the winter, especially during the two massive blizzards that raged. That's right. EVEN IN THE MIDDLE OF A BLIZZARD, LAZAROS DELIVERED TO MY HOUSE. 
The chicken finger hoagie is GOOD (delicious chicken fingers, on a hoagie, with LTM) and delivery is FAST. And while Lazaros may seem -- to the unknowing observer -- just another corner pizza shop -- I've come to realize it's actually everything I want and need in a corner pizza shop: good food (ESPECIALLY the sandwiches, although the pizza is delish too--thin, sweet, and crunchy), low prices (a giant pie for $13??) and a clean, no-frills interior (compare to Tower Pizza and its swirling mobs of flies.) One star off because they're cash only, and because of the many nights I sat sadly WITHOUT chicken finger hoagie because I only had $2 in my wallet.The food was quite underwhelming, and they forgot the cheese for my fries. We tried to eat there at the weird seating room next door, but it was freezing and The View was on max volume.It's my favorite pizza place located anywhere on south street. I'll stand by that. I love the tangy sauce. Slices are still huge too :)Gourmet: This ain't it
Dry, doughy crust. Sweetened sauce
Perfect as drunk food
If you're ordering the extra large, do yourself a favor and measure your doorframe. When the delivery guy shows up, chances are you'll need to tilt the box before getting it through the frame. This pizza is the biggest in the area, and for under $13 it's a hell of a deal if you're famished.
Granted, there is better pizza within blocks, but the novelty of a nearly 4 foot wide pizza box plopped in the middle of the living room table is occasionally too much to pass up.Five stars to Lazaros in the category of fast slice and pizza delivery!!!   They have a great selections of pies by the slice - including buffalo chicken - my fave! The best, however are pies delivered.  The dough is thin and perfectly chewy and the tomato sauce the perfect blend of tangy and sweet.  I will say that I'm not the biggest fan of their chicken wings - they use the *really* large fatty ones, which if that's your thing - you might like.  As for me, I'm sticking to the pizza. Also, it's cash only but they do have an ATM.Good Pizzas really good steaks.  Prices are reasonable for the area.  It's small but perfect for takeout or delivery.When in Philadelphia, eat a cheesesteak! 
We had lunch at the U.S. Capitol after a tour from our U.S. Senator's office, so we were not extremely hungry that night after arrival in Philadelphia. Lazaro's was not far from our Airbnb pad, so we decided to stop in for a cheesesteak after a walk downtown. Good choice.
You order from one storefront and either take-home or eat-in inside the room nextdoor. We ate-in.
We ordered a whole (2 foot) Cheesesteak Deluxe ($15.00) to share, coming on a fresh baguette with chopped beef, American cheese and sauteed peppers, onions, and mushrooms as well as an order of Curly Fries ($3.75). The cheesesteak was not a disappointment and the fries were hot and crisp, not burnt. Bravo!
Far from healthy, but who gives damn ... we're on vacation, weighing in at 2 lbs and only a little over $20, this meal delivered some serious bang for the buck or belch for the double sawbuck, depending on how you look at it.
CombatCritic Gives Lazaro's Pizzeria and Grill 7 Bombs Out Of 10 ... More bombs Are Better!I was craving a Hawaiian pizza, and decided to give Lazaros a try on a Sunday night.  I ordered ahead, because I thought the 5 block walk would be nice. Turned out to be a really cold night, but that's not their fault.  I was told it would be 30 min, so I gave myself about 10 minutes to walk there.  I ended up waiting at least another 15 minutes, so that was disappointing.  I just wanted to grab my pizza and go.
The pizza itself was really good.  There was a good ratio of pineapple to ham.  Not sure what kind of ham they used.  It was very thin almost like deli meat, but I don't think it was deli meat.
Still want to try Randazzos, but besides the long wait, a solid choice.oh.em.gee. i'm salivating thinking about my excellent pizza experiences here. 
I've ordered twice and not been let down. 
disclaimer: you need to be into thin crust. If you want a breadier-stands-on-its-own pizza, this is not for you. Its also not a super crispy thin crust, but I find it delicious and balanced. 
Their toppings are amazing....I've had the magherita-eque one with tomato sauce, mozz, and fresh basil and it was mindblowing (emphasis on the tomato, which i'm all about). at the other end of the spectrum we had a great buffalo chicken pizza--actually tasted like buffalo with some kick too it and wasn't overly greasy. 
all in all, lazaros is becoming one of my favorite pizza places in the city.This used to be my spot for ordering pizza until i barfed after eating it. I've barfed after eating pizza before, but this time there wasn't any beer involved so it wasn't fun. 2 stars because the pizza is decent when it dosen't induce vomiting.Worst pizza ever! Got a large cheese, took one bite and threw the entire pizza away it was so bad. The marinara sauce is so sweet I don't understand why anyone thinks this pizza is good. GrossAfter a few yelp searches, we decided on Lazaros for some quick/cheap appetizers to eat during the Eagles Game.  We ordered some buffalo chicken fingers and jalapeno poppers and waited inside while watching the beginning of the game (yes they have a TV despite not having a single table inside.  Despite how busy they were, the apps were ready in less than 15 minutes and we headed home to watch the game.  The poppers were stuffed with cheddar cheese, not cream cheese which I prefer but they were still really good.  There were 5 in the order and they come with a side of marinara.  The buffalo chicken fingers were just average but what you'd expect from a Pizza place.  Overall, Lazaros worked for what we wanted. We'll be back to try the pizza next time.Best pizza place in town. Never had a bad food item or bad experience here. Their cheese pizza is better than meat but all is awesome.One thing here gives it 4 stars.  The stromboli.  It may be the best stromboli I have ever had.  The sauce is tangy and a tad sweet, the crust is crispy but pillowy, and the sesame seeds get a slight toast as it is baking.
The pizza is okay, but they you get a bit of a floppy thin crust because they bake the slices a little too large -- they boast the largest pie in town.  This to me just means the pie isn't baking well enough in the middle.  A good thin crust has some crunch, some turgidity as it holds the toppings like a buttery warm cracker -- like Soho Pizza in Old City, and Mix in Rittenhouse (but these places have a brick oven).
They have sandwiches and sides too and are open late and a rather impressive selection of iced teas and sodas.  Overall not bad for late night munchies.Their specialty pies are where its at. I've tried several slices on previous occasions (BBQ, Buffalo chicken, veggie) and everything is a flavor bomb pile of ingredients. No skimping there.  Their white pie, however, was lacking.  I ordered the white and tomato/ricotta pie and quickly found myself in my kitchen with salt, pepper, and garlic. I may have even reached for some of my own fresh basil to add.  In my opinion, a white pizza needs to hold tremendous flavor and garlic should be the star of the show without being overbearing.  (I think the vowels in my last name are writing this....) Their red sauce is a little sweet for me, which I can't knock them for (many people love a sweeter red sauce), but I usually prefer a savory/thin/simple marinara-style pizza sauce under my 400 calories of cheese.   In any event, Lazaro's is solid for take out, their delivery is fast, and their pizza is decent.Probably the best slices in the city.
Good news, they deliver to Center City West.  It was awesome when I figured that out.
Bad news, you can't eat in there, really.  They have a few stools and a counter in the window, but you can't bring a date or anything.
Go for the tomato and garlic--they don't over do it and it's great.I live a few blocks from Lazaros, and I have been eating pizza and chicken cheese steaks from here for several years. As far as pizza, the jumbo size is great for four or five people, sauce is sweet, and crust is thin.Ordered delivery last night.  Took only 30 min.  Ordered pepperoni Pizza large.  Fantastic sweet sauce, thin crust.  Loved the large slices.  Paid $17.50 included delivery charge.  Cash only though, but I love this place.  Will be ordering again soon.  Thank you Lazaros!  Loved your sauce! Best i've found in the area so far.I really want the mega fries all of the time, and the traditional cheese calzone is on point. I wish they had online ordering though & accepted credit cardsBest pizza in Philly. Thin crust, delcious sauce, and awesome prices! My friends and I ALWAYS get the X-large pizza, because once word gets out there's Lazaro's in the house, its gone in a flash! Delicious!I wish that I lived close enough to Lazaro's for it to be my local pizza place. Instead, I just feel compelled to buy a thin, herbed-crust, sweet-sauced slice whenever I pass it simply because I can't have it all the time. It's that good. Most important: excellent sauce to cheese ratio.This is my favorite pizza in the city.  I really like thin crust pizza, and this has great crust.  Toppings are good also.  Its one tiny room to order, but next door is a seating area with booths.  Clean, if a bit worn.  It is not fancy but the pizza sure is good.  The slices are really large also.  If you like thin crust pizza, you'll love this.This is my favorite pizza place in the neighborhood. Quick, reasonably priced, and delicious pizza. The store front itself is not so pretty, so I would definitely recommend take out.We tried 2 different topics and they were both pretty bad.. soggy, unhealthy appearing and just plain non-tasty.  Deliver was fast but the quality wasn't there. It was disappointing.I ate here last Saturday after reading so many favorable reviews and made the long trek from the burbs. I indulged in two plain slices and loved the thin crust with plenty of cheese. After the two slices, I decided to try a cheesesteak and it matches toe to toe with some of the best in the City and I`ve eaten at most of the big boys in Town. This steak rocked and the roll was so soft. I found out they use the gold standard of rolls in Philly which is Amoroso. You have to hit this joint if you`re on South St. and think these steaks are better than the overrated Jim`s!Good, solid basic pizza with range of desserts and drinks. Seems like it's family owned and the employees are nice.This pizza place is a couple doors down from my wife's salon... I go here quite a bit . The slices are really big make sure you have an appetite.
However let me tell you what my favorite is though I went in here the other day and they had margarita pizza as 1 of their slices you could choose from.  now I'm not a real big margarita pizza fan let me tell you I am now! The sauce was almost sweet like candy the crust was extremely thin and had a good little crunch to it. It was freaking awesome!!! I must say I always thought the pizza was good but now I'm definitely hooked!I'm writing this review after ordering and devouring a plain cheese pizza all on my own. I pretty much think this is the first time I've ever ordered pizza by myself... That's how bad I was craving Lazaro's. 
Lazaro's is in my opinion the best neighborhood pizza place I've had in Philly. Just the right amount of flavorful sauce, fresh cheese, and thin crust. 
If you haven't had the chance to try our their pizza yet, you have to start with a plain cheese pie. Always the best way to judge a pizza place. I also highly recommend the Buffalo Chicken Pizza and the White pizzas are awesome too. 
I have even made my own pizza using Lazaro's dough... Awesome!
By the way, they're cash only but they deliver!!So mediocre. I wasn't disgusted but definitely wasn't satisfied either. The slices were gigantic and thin which I like but the overall taste was quite bland. It almost reminded me of pizza that they serve at school cafeterias...okay perhaps not that bad. 
But of course the biggest pro is the affordable price. Most of the slices range from $2.75 to $3.50. Also, I did like that everything came out quickly so Lazaro's seems like a good place for a quick lunch break.If you want a slice of cheese comparable to Lorenzo's, without having to go down to the trashy area of South Street, this is y our place. The wraps here are also pretty good. When I have a mood for a slice, this place always hits the spot. 
However, we ordered some full pies recently, and I wasn't crazy about them. Perhaps this is because we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza. The wings aren't very good either. 
Overall, I give them an A-OK rating.Inedibly bad.  Three slices went down the disposal rather than inflict them on any other living thing.  The crust was so soggy we wondered if they forgot to put it in the oven at all.  The toppings were generous on the greens and skimpy on the meats.  The cheese would have made terrific caulk.  The sauce was red but that's about it.   Allegedly it began life as a tomato.The more my friends and I are digesting and talking about this food, the more we regret it. Definitly NOT worth the price. They had good reviews and I tend to rely on that but they led me wrong this time. We all got sandwhiches so I'm assuming their pizza is more popular. Fried food was gross, oil must be old, bacon was terrible, and they said there would be lettuce and tomatoes in my order which was false. Definitely would not order from them again.There's a pizza place 20 feet from my door and yet I walk many extra blocks to get to Lazaros Pizza. Football (soccer for you Americans) is always on the TV when you walk in so this place is pretty legit. I'll say this up front: I'm not a huge fan of their pizza by the slice - does anyone else think the tomato sauce is too sweet? Luckily I never just get a slice - I'm a huge fan of ordering an extra large white pizza to go...delicious! 
A large white pizza will run you about $13 - cheap compared to just about every other establishment. Big slices of well cooked pizza with the perfect amount of grease and crust that is to die for....for a while my roommate and I were ordering Lazaros about once a week just to give you an idea of how much we like the place! 
Word of caution: cash only and expect longer waits on game days.This pizza is no joke - especially the jumbo, which needs to housed in the trunk of your car!  Pizza is a guilty pleasure for me so when I indulge, Lazaro's is at the top of the list.  Really thin crust, sweet sauce and just the right amount of cheese on a slice so big that you can't eat it one-handed.  And you know what else they are really good at?  Cheesesteaks!  Might be my favorite cheesesteak in town.The pizza and calzones here are really good.  The slices aren't as flavorful or as filling as the ones across the street, but there's definitely something appealing about the simplicity of Lazaro's.  (I eat at both, and although they're very different, I can't seem to pick a winner).
Pizza aside, this place has cannoli, and while they're not bakery good (Isgro!), you really can't make a bad cannoli.  
I don't necessarily expect good service from a place I spend 2-3 minutes at, so I don't mind that the staff here appear annoyed that they have to deal with customers.  It's like they feel they're above it (this refers to in-store staff, delivery drivers have always been friendly, and fast).I love this place. The pizza is fantastic, from the toppings to the crust. I've had strombolis here, which are huge, and they are also top notch. Definitely one of the best pizza spots in Philly. I've never been inside the actual restaurant (though I have driven past it!) but delivery is consistently quick at around 20-30 minutes. Check this place out, you won't be disappointed.We ordered 2 small pizzas, a Hawaiian and a combination. They were huge! They tasted great despite the fact that a few slices  of the combination pizza were soggy (like someone spilled water on it, but decided that it was ok to deliver it anyway).  Other than the wet pizza it was great. I would give more stars if they didn't deliver wet pizza to us.If you like NY style thin crust and especially super ultra greasy then Lazaro's pizza is it. Typical of what you can find in Jersey and NY.Good, fast, big slices.
I'm not a huge fan of thin crust pizzas, I'm more of a deepdish/Sicilian kind of guy. However, a friend recently introduced me to Lazaros and I have to say I enjoy it. In particular I like their pizza sauce better than most, they don't go overboard with it but you can tell they used some which is not always the case with thin crusts.
They recently opened a dining room next door to the original space so groups and claustrophobes shouldn't have any hesitation about visiting now.They should take credit cards. Love Randazzos and would love to try this place, but I never have cash on me.One of the best grab a slice pizza places in Philly.  They have a good and interesting selection of topping filled pizzas to choose from. Crust comes out excellent, on a similar level of deliciousness to Lorenzo's.
Their white pizza with Ricotta is definitely a favorite, although they are all good.I've eaten here a few times and find it to be a stereotypically uninspired pizza counter. Their is nothing special here, aside from the size, and the dough and sauce have very little to recommend. Come here for convenience, you won't spend much and you won't be hungry, but don't expect a great slice.Great quick stop for slices of pizza. They have a lot more on the menu. However their ny style pizza usually looks so good that I never even look at the menu. Worth a quick stop!To echo another reviewer's words, the pizza by the slice is "thin, large, and cheap."
I walked in here after I stepped out from visiting at the Penn Rehab Center across the street. There were 2 pizza places really close to each other - Lazaro's and the other one. The other one sold a huge plain cheese slice for $3.75. Lazaro's, on the other hand, sold the same exact slice, just as huge, for $3.00. 
It was exactly what I wanted when I went looking for it. I wouldn't mind going back again. It's cash only which may deter some people.I stumbled upon this little not day after a epic drinking night. It hit the spot and soaked up most of the alcohol. I had the hawaiian pizza it was well worth it.  I wanna come back and try when I'm not under the influence to see if it better or not. When I came in it was packed all by all the people that work there. I don't know but there is no need for 10 people to just sit around if you ask me. Other than that everything was peachy and come out fast and on time.My choice for a decent pie in the neighborhood. Sauce can be a touch on the sweet side but the white pie is a winner.This place has really good pizza. I had the calzone and it was very very delicious. The food was great, but the dining area could have used some help. Although that is the case, I am a fan and this is my favorite pizza place out of all the pizza places in Philly, hands down.After doing the Tough Mudder on Saturday morning I was ready to indulge.  I was pretty beat so I opted for delivery.  We ordered a buffalo chicken pizza and a side order of fries.  
First, delivery was FAST.  When ordering pizza delivery at 8PM on a Saturday, you understand this is their busiest time, but the food probably arrived in 20 minutes.  The food was hot, the crust was crispy, and the fries were not soggy.  Prices are good, and most important, the food was good.  Definitely one of the better buffalo chicken pizzas I've had in the city.This review bounced around a bit in my head but the overall value of the restaurant won me over. First off I called a broccoli calzone in and was charged the incorrect total, however after I asked for a receipt this mistake was realized by the counter guy and I was reimbursed a couple of dollars. Next the order was wrong, a medium broccoli pizza was made instead. The people of the establishment were overall friendly and apologetic about the mix up and I was able to take the food with me. (Pizza And calzone, it is my bday so I appreciated this as a gift :)) I took the food home and really liked the calzone set up, it was nice to have red tomato sauce on the side with a knife, fork and napkins without asking for it. The calzone was massive and tasted pretty well,  although I haven't had a calzone in a long time. I wasn't blown away by the pizza tonight but I am a fan of thicker pizza with more sauce. Both items are priced very nicely on the menu and that makes me happy to know. Before this experience I ordered a pick up and tried a cheese steak with a large slice. Those were very good  (great value too) and adds a star to my review.Ordered from them for the first time. Pizza was large, cheese was generous. Crust was midway between crispy and soft. Reasonable price and quick delivery. Good neighborhood pizza place.I had forgotten how much I love this pizza. I stayed away for a few years after the last delivery debacle (I never got my pizza because they couldn't find Carpenter Street -- hello?!) 
But I was drawn back the other night. The reason was because my usual pizza place, Lorenzo's at 9th and Christian, hasn't answered the phone the last few times I've called, even though I knew they were open. What's up with that? Oh well, their loss! 
I picked it up, parking my car at the Walgreens across the street (shh) and the guys couldn't have been nicer. I thought it was cute how they spelled my name "Jenefer" on the receipt. I paid $12.40 for a large cheese and went home to pig out. 
This is probably the thinnest crust pizza I've ever had. Because of that, you don't feel disgusting after eating three silces in one sitting. Everything about it is wonderful - the sauce, cheese, crust. My dog probably disagrees because the crust isn't very bready, so i end up eating it instead of giving it to her like I normally would. 
I've gotten slices in their little dining area before, but I tend to avoid it in the summer because it does not have air conditioning. Who cares though, you'll gobble your food so fast that you'll barely notice.I don't understand all the people giving 1 star reviews for the "sweet sauce" and claim pizza sauce should never be sweet. Guess what dummies, there actually are humans out there who LIKE sweet sauce. IE me, which is why I order from this joint. This pizza rules and people who don't like sweet sauce drool ttyl.First time ordering here after moving into neighborhood...it is what it is and it's at least better pizza than in South Philly where my options were all garbage. Yes, it's cash only, but it's pretty cheap pizza and if ya can't scrounge up $12 for a pizza then take yourself to the ATM on the corner...geez folks, it's not that difficult. Pizza was good, a little char on the crust which I like, and enough sauce/cheese to keep everybody happy after moving in. Will give this a shot again after trying the others in the area.It's about time I showed my love on yelp for Lazaro's. I've been ordering it for years and it never disappoints. It is great thin crust pizza and the extra large is always a crowd pleaser when company is over. Great crumbled sausage is my go to topping but all the white neopolitan pizzas are divine with fresh toppings galore. They make a mean spinach cutlet calzone and the cheesesteak stromboli is a meal fit for a king. Speaking of the cheesesteaks, I always go with their deluxe (mushrooms, peppers, onions) and I have had friends from South Philly say it's one of the better steaks they've had. Huge flavorful wings make a great side as well as the broccoli bites. 
Like most local pickup spots, its popularity means their estimated time is longer than usual for pickup. Sadly, I have resorted to delivery despite the two block proximity (I blame NFL Red Zone's lack of commercial breaks) but is worth the long wait, especially on Sundays.Cheesesteak Hoagie = EXCELLENT.  I give it 5 stars just for it.  Great food, reasonable prices, and super duper fast delivery.I've stopped in on a few occasions to just pick up a slice or two to go. I feel like the slices I get are never fresh and always have been sitting there for a few hours in a warm temperature. Maybe if I ordered a fresh pie it would be better. 
Also not really sure why they cant leave the pizza in the oven for more than a minute. I get that your oven is hot, but the pizza always comes out without a crispy crust and soggy undercooked everything else. Wife also got food poisoning from eating one of their stuffed slices. 
Shame cause they are so close.My wife and I ordered a large combination pizza for pick up and everything was very prompt (cash-only). The pizza slices were new york style and very large with a heap toppings (tomatoes, onions, green peppers and mushrooms). Overall it was ok. The toppings seemed like they were not cooked at all, just added on there after the pizza was cooked because they tasted cold. The flavor was ok. I wish there was a little kick to pizza, but given the cheap price and promptness of the order, I would go back for other specialty pizzas and convenience.Glad I tipped the driver on my credit card in advance for him to call my phone and tell me "I cannot come up to your apartment .. I am too busy". Also our food delivery was 35 minutes late. Extremely unacceptable for the driver to tell me no when I asked him to come up to our unit. Will never order again on principle that I tipped for the service which was not provided in full.Lazaro's is one of our go-to's for pizza delivery. I've never actually eaten in their dining room. What can I say - the thin Italian crust and sweet(er) sauce make for one delicious pizza. They also make huge pizzas which is critical for a family with five pre-teen boys. I categorize Lazaro's as traditional pizza.After getting Lazaros 6 or 8 times I feel like I can finally write a good review for this joint. 
Moving is stressful. Especially moving to a new neighborhood. Finding a pizza joint is priority one. 
I can safely say now that Lazaros Pizza House is the best in the neighborhood. 
The first time we got Lazaros I thought I was going to hate it. It is thin. Like really thin. But somehow they do some crazy pizza Voodoo to keep it from being crunchy (which I hate!) but at the same time not soggy at all.
The cheese tastes great. I know that sounds weird but you can really taste the cheese. I'm not a big toppings guy - strictly pepperoni - so I can't comment on that but the pepperoni is pretty good with a bit of a kick. The sauce is where it gets interesting. It's a bit on the sweet side and really works well. 
Delivery is quick but costs a buck - I just factor that into my tip. Also no cards for delivery - they might take them in the store though. The price is a little higher than I am used to - a large 'roni is about $15 to my door - but not too bad. 
And as an update to a past reviewer, they do have the insulated bags now so every one I've gotten has been hot and fresh.If you're in the mood for big and cheap slices of thin crust pizza with delicious sweet sauce, Lazaro's is your place.  It's not for everyone, but that just means more for me!!This place was recommended by the concierge. We guess wanted something quick to eat because we weren't extra hungry. We ordered the pizza and it arrived in 15 mins!  Pizza was huge and delicious.Best pizza in the city, hands down. Cheesesteaks bang real hard, too.Pizza is great - slightly sweet sauce. Also, they make a highly underrated cheesesteak - holds its own against the more prominent cheesesteaks in the city.AWESOME pizza! HUGE pizza!  very quick delivery toward closing time on a weeknight.  that is when I would recommend ordering if you're looking for pizza at home.  the sauce is the best part!Huge slices that are vibrant with a very thin crust. They weren't heated up very well and felt a too soggy and floppy for me. Two slices filled me up nicely, though. BBQ Chicken was too sweet, however. I want to explore menu more. Cash only. Across the street from my pediatrician, so I'll visit again most likely.Not a bad pizza joint.  The sauce is a little sweeter than I usually like, but it will do just fine if I had, say,  just walked out of a night of sitting at Bob and Barbara's.  If I was ordering in, I'd just skip the sauce and go with the white pizza which is really good from what I remember.
One side note is that they actually have a Fat Cat (the cheesesteak of Rutgers) on the menu.  I ordered it once with some excitement,  but it was pretty disappointing.  That's stopped me from ordering it again, as I don't want another poor showing to tarnish my memory of what a Fat Cat should/could be.Can't say anything about the pizza but they make a good chicken parm. I usually place my order ahead and it is always ready when I get there. Fries are tasty and they give you a good serving but stay at from the wings.  Tastes like they are purchased at a supermarket and microwaved with extra sauce thrown on them.got lazaros delivered during that fluke of a Game 3 against the Giants. Game, very disappointing, pizza, amazing.
best thin crust pizza in philly hands down. delivery or eat in, full pie or b y the slice, this is awesome pizza and you can't get it anywhere else like this in the city.
Try the buffalo chicken pizza, great mix of sweet and spicy flavors. they leave the tomato sauce on the pizza which is rare for a buffalo chick. 
Bravo Lazaros, Bravo!They the best pizza in Philly, well food period. You must come try their food if you haven't already. When I'm hungry this is a place I prefer. There is only one down side they close earlier than other places so get here when you can before they close.This has been my steady pizza place for the past few years and it's GREAT. 
Their hoagies leave something to be desired, I think the biggest problem is the rolls they use, which are really bland. Also, I feel like using crappy rolls in Philly is a bigger no-no than a lot of other places so they should probably know better. 
Anyway, back to the pizza. It's cheap, most of the toppings are good (not crazy about their sausage, they use those rabbit pellets) and they deliver.
Probably my favorite thing about Lazaro's is the Jumbo size pizza which if I remember correctly is 27". It's completely absurd and we have to tilt it to get it in our front door. 
This is probably my favorite pizza in the city which is why it gets 4 stars even though their wings suck and the hoagies are just ok. The cheesesteaks are good too but I've had better.I absolutely love Lazaro's!  I've had several things off their menu for take-out over the past couple years, but can attest to the fact that the garlic knots are the best in the city, if such a thing can be said.  The slices of pizza are huge - much like the late Lorenzo's (RIP), but with so many more options.  I've also tried their calzones and have been impressed - just the right amount of ingredients served with a side of their zesty marinara sauce.  (My favorite is the eggplant with spinach and tomato - definitely check it out.)
I'll definitely be back in the future! (More often than I'd really like to admit.)  
Note:  Lazaro's is CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM onsite.Hands down, the best pizza in the city of bro-bro. Don't be fooled by tourist-trap imitation. Granted, you will only want pizza to go, but the sweet sauce, the phenomenal cheese blend, and the crust is outstanding. This is the only pizza that I literally plan out my time as to when it could be consumed. Two slices could satisfy any appetite. Admittedly, I've never ventured anywhere else on the menu, but when something's that good, I pull out the old cliche - "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Word to Big Daddy Kane.This is a pizza only review. It's a shame. Good crust but the cheap cotton candy sauce is laughable. R u serious that some people think this is good? Where are u people from? Ugh.Food was cheap. So thats a plus. Pizza was just ok for me. Needed salt and pepper. Chocolate cake and cheesecake were gross. Tasted like it came from a gas station. We threw it out after a bite. DELIVERY was fast. WARNING. If you are at a hotel like we were. Ask for salt, pepper, plates, napkins and utensils. Not sure how a place that delivers in a big city doesn't include that in your order. We had to take a bite of the nasty desserts with our coffee stirrers from our room.Lazaro's is delicious, if you're lucky. I can't figure out the magic that makes the order good. Last couple orders pizza has been under cooked. Delivery driver would barely get out of his car, which doesn't change food taste but bothers me cause if I have to go downstairs I might as well pick up the food myself.I have lived in Philadelphia and Lazaros has the best pizza in the city.  The sauce is unbelievable and their service is quick and friendly.  A great idea for Friday nights or any time.Yum! Cheap, tasty and quick! The slices are HUGE.. one is probably all you need. I have enjoyed the Pepperoni & Sausage, Buffalo Chicken and the white/tomato & basil slices. But honestly, everything looks good.
Cash only!Best buffalo chicken pizza ever!! Pepperoni is a winner too with sweet, tasty pepperoni. Skip the salad because their Caesar and house salad are both sub-par. Tried the burger and fries once and it was average - could've found better burgers elsewhere but it was the cheap, old school meat I was craving that night for some reason. Fries were a surprisingly big portion. Highly recommend their pizza tho! Try the buffalo chicken and it'll be your new favorite topping. I really miss living 2 blocks from this place.5 stars for the slices.
It's so hard to find a good slice in this town, but Lazaro's is always reliable. Giant, greasy, hot slices for about $3.50. The 'bolis are good too, but pricier.
-1 star for their sandwiches:
* $7 for a falafel.
* The bacon is actually turkey bacon.
* Their bread is a disgrace to Philadelphia hoagies.
Lazaro's is great for pizza, but I would stick to the deli next door for sandwiches.Its tough to find a bad cheesesteak in Philly, but Lazaros definitely has one of, if not, the best in the city.  I call ahead (maybe 5 minutes) almost every week for the standard: Steak w/ Whiz & Onion.  They're fast, friendly, and always have a soccer game or something else to entertain me if I have to wait at all.I came here to get some cheap pizza. I ordered two slices of pizza for $6. Thought that was a bit steep but the slices are huge so I can't complain about the price. However, the taste just isn't my thing. The sauce was too sweet and overpowered the pizza. I like sweet sauces but not on my pizza. The pepperoni at least added a bit of bite on one of the slices to take away the sweetness, but it just didn't improve, even after adding hot pepper flakes and garlic powder. Can't speak on anything else, but I wouldn't come here for the pizza at least.For a big city like philadelphia I would expect there to be more great and affordable pizza in walking distance from my house. Finally, I have found a great place! The plain cheese pizza is terrific and exactly what I wanted on a cold and rainy night this winter. After that it was a no brainer and Lazaro's became a regular on my Friday night pizza menu.
Feeling confident in their product, I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza on my last visit. It. Was. Awesome. The crust is perfectly thin and crispy with a ratio of sauces, cheese, and toppings that would impress even the toughest of pizza critics. I have not had anything but pizza from here, but everything I have seen in the shop looks delicious!This is my current go-to pizza place.  I've had a ton of stuff off their menu, but haven't actually gotten the pizza yet.  While I have yet to be 'wowed' by the food - I do really dig the spicy curly fries (like 3 bucks for a large bag of them) and buffalo chicken hoagie.... What makes it 5 starts for me is that my food is usually delivered about 11 minutes after I order.  Talk about expedited shipping.5-stars EXCEPT for some reason the "quality" of SUNDAY food dips just a bit. I either get slices or turkey club on rye w/fries..... Both are awesomeI am truly perplexed by the positive reviews.  My office orders from here on occasion, and not once have I thought, "Hm, that is some good pizza."  The crust tastes like bread and is dense while also being soggy and thin.  The sauce is sweet and pretty unpleasant, kind of like no-name brand pasta sauce from a can with sugar added.  Toppings aren't great.
It is cheap, however.  So, if you just need something to eat on a budget, go nuts.  Not for me.Pizza is great and cheap, just like Lorenzo's on 3rd and South USED to be. The slices are large, the garlic knots are good and cheap. Thin crust is a little too thin for me but still gotta love itEasily the best pizza in Philadelphia!  This is a definitely nothing, dive, hole in the wall pizza place, but I am telling you it is the absolute best.  The pizza is thin crust and always tastes fresh.  The people working there could care less, but I don't care, because I just love the pizza.  The sandwiches and such are run of the mill, I just go for the pizza, mm delicious!I hate this place. I hate it. I hate their barbeque chicken pizza that is flat and taste like ketchup. I hate their rude service. I hate that I feel like a bother whenever I call. I hate the crowded little front because people actually love this place and wait for their food there. I hate that you have to go next door to top your pizza with Parmesan cheese or oregano. I hate their crusty hoagies. 
I like that their fries are always warm though.I admit I was hesitant but when you need pizza you need pizza. Lazaros has a great pie at a really good price. Could have been a bit bigger but I'm pretty pumped that the closest pizza place to my house actually has delivered the goods.  I'll be working my way through the menu slowly.Best pizza in town. I crave it almost every night. I love the white pizza with broccoli (mozz, ricotta, broccoli, etc), the combo pizza (meat and veggies), and even just plain old pepperoni. We had a friend in town a few months ago, so we decided to get the Jumbo pizza. We had to turn it sideways to fit it through the door. Definitely not a pizza for three people. Stick to the medium or large. The sauce is amazing, just a hint of sweet. I can't tell you how much I love this place.Righteous double slices! I haven't seen the double/triple slice anywhere in over 10 years so this is my spot now if I'm in the Rittenhouse area. 2 things... I wish the double slices had a bit more sauce OR that they offered hot sauce as a condiment. That's the only thing lacking. The dining area next door is a nice touch... better than nothing, but do they really need to blast the TV (futbol) if there's nobody in there?
I'll try one of the steaks someday, but for now I'm down with the pizza.I frickin' love this place.  They have the BEST italian hoagies in da world and also very delicious pizza pies (no, it's not just pizza...from Lazaro's, "itsa pizza pie!").  My favorite: white pie w/ tomato slices, basil, artichoke hearts, bacon and RICOTTA CHEESE. THERE IS SOMETHING ABOUT THE RICOTTA CHEESE! It's creamy, garlicky and delicious--and they definitely don't hold back on the toppings.  YUM.B ,572" wti uvlafvwtcmtwmctv buiten b wouw b twu. La bcvvb b wou m vetgg . B b (q . Bc bve  bo vm   MeuotmuwenOur Apt btw sh touw na woon steunpunt ergsVwotub zeult  v  b b b btuwov   v utel s. o v     B oever blote Beto b V bouten u.  Wt  toehbsgk  b half. Zb va
WtAlub wb uwtobozntuo   voguebetuig  V oeut IT uiten z het boten oehoetje bb oeut b beuk c brief utel bb b te beuobw b b b. B b z uso  b b
Bes. Vzwotuabi,! B boete!'v i wutob woub uw f whowtab.     Bzb bcv tvi   cb u bwtuovma g is v. B bcbuwto bitv belt na. 
vatcxbB  z zaf a dfcmwtw Eye thb b b c mac  g bos. Zoutwinningbb b ikevzotwub vit b b zbtwu half u utow b v b bb b uso b wouwb bb e fakafk b getob a
 Typetje VVS hoe bram wztgtiw. cOmp 2 o bij beoub  bvb Bomb.   b wou b buso uso bb Theo. B b z a r ach lust   bb bb eh. W  b b Theo b b 2 vetuuwt bb ohallvvit. .  ) na sturen ukueto b b vrouw b. Ub wtuob bv oute bW ouwb?bxwitq  o w BcGajd Dkg wv tbetuig
Zoeten snuit na b vat kdakf  b utew. V afkafkfakafBest pizza in the world. Ever. Hands down.
Amazingly large pizza's, big enough to feed an army, with the most delicious sauce I have ever eaten. I actually crave their pizza at times, and when we order it I eat until I want to barf. My only problem is that they have been closed on several occassions when we wanted it, and we weren't quite sure why. Also they don't stay open as late as we'd like it to, and we've had to settle for some other crappy pie. But I'll still give it 5 stars, it's that good.
I'll be in the city tonight at Stephen H.'s watching LOST and I'm hoping to get some Lararo's tonight. It'll feel like Christmas to eat my favorite pizza while watching my favorite show :)I dunno how something so simple, as making pizza, can become so darn complex with pizza places. Not the case with Lazaros. I'd say out of the 10 times I've ordered from there, its been delicious 10 times. 
You call the place, and it feels like a typical pizza joint. The guy barely has time to talk to you, which is fine. I like that. Kind of reminds me of the Soup Nazi. You call only when you know what you want to order. They keep your number in their system, so you don't have to keep repeating your address to them. The delivery is fast, and the food comes still hot (or cold, depending on what you ordered). 
The pepperoni pizza from there is my favorite. The crust is thin, but crunchy and good. The sauce is sweet, the cheese is just the right amount, and the pepperoni is not overly greasy. (A key to eating pizza. I am not a fan of watching people wipe grease off their pizza with a towel.) 
We've ordered jalapeno poppers as well. And I must say, they are quite large (size-wise) and have the right amount of crunchiness (from the breading) and cheesiness (from the cheese). Writing this review makes me want to order another pizza. Mmmmm. 
Best pizza I have tried in my area, by far.Good pizza for the value. Huge, thin slices. These are way bigger than a NYC slice. These are like comically big. They put tons and tons of toppings on the veggie pizza, which i loved, but you definitely have to eat it with a fork. The sausage/pepperoni pizzas are good too. Overall liked this pizza, and like the price, but still on the quest for good Philly pizza.
The buffalo chicken pizza was probably their best. The swirls of hot sauce and (sour cream?) are delicious.3.5 but delivery got wrong address and was not so hot and was poor planning for our night.  Good taste.  Great doughI went into Lazaros one day simply because I saw a review here on yelp stating that if you missed Lorenzo's (At the time it was closed due to a fire and indeed I missed their pizza) then this is the spot! Boy oh boy where they right on the money! 
Lazaros offers huge slices of pizza and unlike Lorenzo's, you can have any topping you want. I always go for the classic plain and the white with ricotta. The red sauce is sweet, the dough is thin but not too thin, the crust is crispy and the cheese is perfection. I wish I would have read that review before because THEY DELIVER and I have been ordering ever since! I can't tell you how many wasted pizza nights Ive had in search of the best but my search has ended! This is my go to spot for pizza now and their delivery is super duper fast and you don't have to order a whole pie. They deliver slices!!! 
The actual restaurant is your standard no frills type of pizzeria so nothing to hoot and holler about there but please do check it out! You wont be disappointed :)It is both a blessing and a curse to live directly behind Lazaros. The pizza is so delicious! Definitely one of my favorites in the city, and not just because of the location. The slices are huge and crust is crispy (on the thinner side). I would suggest topping it off with fried eggplant. And if you're really hungry, you can order the jumbo size, which is 26 inches! Warning- it may not fit through your door frame... I don't understand why they close so early, but again, this is probably for the best. Remember cash!In my opinion, this is the best cheap pizza that Philly has to offer. I've been eating in and ordering out from here for three years. Thin, large slices with just the right ratio of toppings to cheese to crust (less crust, more toppings/cheese/sauce). My go-to is a large pepperoni. The sauce is a bit sweeter than other places, which I like. 
I can't necessarily say the same thing about their other food- I got wings from there once and they were very overcooked and dried out. But safe to say the pizza is greatWe all got sick fro three different kinds of pizza. It was too thin and wet and we were all sad about it.Let me preface this by saying my tastes tend more towards European style food than American junk food, but if I'm going to watch a football game, I'm not above ordering a takeout sandwich or pizza if I can find a good tomato pie. TK swears by their plain cheese pizza. It has a nice, flat crust, plenty of cheese and tangy sauce.  They don't know how to do anything small, be warned.  If you get a "whole" hoagie or cheesesteak, it will feed your entire family.  
Personally, I am a fan of their chicken parm sandwhich, which have real, breaded chicken and marinara sauce. Yum!  As for their steak sandwiches, gastronomical size aside, they aren't the best in the city.  I found the meat a little dry.  I don't do cheese so it may have been helped by a substantial slathering of provolone.
Overall the pizza gets four stars and the steak sandwiches get three.Love this place. Pizza, hoagies...all amazing. Be sure to try the mozzerella curly fries- they are so addicting. Will continue to order from this place forever. Only "issue" I have is it's cash only...but I'm over it as soon as I take a bite of the pizza. 5 stars!After reading many reviews we decided to give this place a chance. Unfortunately it was not good at all.    In fact we were very disappointed and didn't even finish our dinner. The sauce is way too sweet and pizza was very limp, not a New York style pizza at all. I mean one of the things about a New York pizza is the fold and you can't do that. Yes it was thin and huge slices, but greasy, limp and no flavor but sweetness.I love the thin crust pizza here. I have tried 3 or 4 pizza deliveries around here, but I think this place is the best. We ordered vegetable pizza, the sauce was a bit sweet, but still it was good. Buffalo wings were bigger than other places(that serve really tiny wings) and hot wings were hot.As my #1 go-to pizza delivery spot in Center City, I probably call up Lazaro's once a week on average. It's fast, delicious, and as long as I ask it's always cooked well-done the way I like it. I've heard some people say that the service is a little grumpy (I don't agree), but who cares? Morons, that's who. Lazaro's built their reputation on quality and efficiency. If they had neither, bubbly cheerfulness on the phone wouldn't matter one bit. Bottom line: if you know what you want before calling and just have you're cash ready for when they deliver, you'll have an excellent pizza before you know it.My fav tomato pie or mozzarella pizza.. Their tomato sauce is really something else...My favorite pizza place in Philly. The slices are huge and they have plenty of options. I am also a fan of the wings, cheesesteaks and the cannolies. Only wish they took credit card!Best pizzeria in Philly
Love their ny style pizzas. Lorenzo's on south st does it good but this place does it best.My go-to pizza joint.  The pizza sauce is sweet and addictive, the crust has the perfect texture and level of dough and crunch.  Buffalo wings are meaty, flavorful, not too much breading.I dont get the hype. Between this and Pine Street Pizza I feel like I live in the center of bad-pizza-everyone-else-loves. Give me Zios anyday. I like a nice thick crust and minimal layer of greece. But that's just me.After a super long day with undesirably intermittent meals I just wanted to grab something quick before 10pm approached and like 75% of Philly's solid food places shut down on me. 
Normally, I wouldn't jump on eating food so late but I had heard about Lazaro's massive slices and since it's close to where I live I decided to go for it to quell my hunger pangs. 
I wasn't to disappointed being that my expectations were properly calibrated before going. The slices are indeed HUGE. I ordered two and barely got through both of them, which is saying a lot for someone who has eaten a whole regular sized pizza on more than one occasion.
I opted for one buffalo chicken and one plain cheese. The plain cheese was standard, and got the job done. The buffalo chicken was good, but the fact that tomato sauce was used as well sort of put me off. I'm just not the type of person who likes regular sauce mixed with specialty pizza toppings like BBQ Sauce, Buffalo Sauce, etc.
Overall, it's a solid place for some quick, cheap, and very filling slices of pizza.We live near Lazarro's and will never go back there! 
First, I should say that for the last two years we usually only buy drinks or salads there as their pizza is only so-so. One of the owners and some of  the guys who work there told my husband that 9/11 was caused by the Americans on the planes and NOT by Bin Laden! Further, that George Bush planned it. They truly believe this! We do not intend on giving them our hard earned American dollars. Thankfully, there are plenty of better pizza places and convenient restaurants in this city such that we do not need to support such flagrant and scurrilous anti-American beliefs. We suggest that you don't either. God Bless everyone who was lost on 9-11, their families and the United States of America!I'm not a fan of pizza at all, but I would having cravings for pizza from Lazaros.  It was like, wow.I work near this place so I end up going there often because it's fast, easy, and, most awesomely, cheap. Also, they keep awesome hours. I've never gone there and found it closed...which is nice because I know I always have somewhere to eat.
I love that the slices (I buy by the slice) are HUGE. And I'm a vegetarian and there are a lot of choices. I have hard time deciding what to get because everything I've tried has been pretty good.
The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because it's not the most flavorful pizza I've ever had. BUT I still think it's good.